Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2318. Anger

Decumia expanded her aura, but even her chaos felt lost. She wasn't trapped, but she had no other words to explain her situation.

Vesuvia seemed to have sent Decumia into a different void, a part of the universe far away from the higher plane. Yet, Decumia knew that her current situation was the result of a technique. She only had to wait for her chaos to affect it.

Of course, the other experts didn't wait for Decumia to break free. Emperor glanced at Vesuvia and Queen before teleporting toward the surviving cultivators who had yet to join the battle.

Decumia and Marcella had the guts to act on their own, but their weaker companions didn't share their confidence. Most of them actually felt relieved that Heaven and Earth had finally stepped forward, but Emperor's arrival brought back the tension.

"Come," Emperor announced after reaching the army. "None of you deserves to hide behind your master's power."

No answer came from the army. The various cultivators had Caesar among them, and they could even use the storms as a form of protection. They had no reason to step forward and face Emperor.

"It's better if you come to me," Emperor exclaimed. "Isn't that right, puppet master?"

"He is right," Caesar smiled before turning toward his underlings. "We can't have our opponents messing with Heaven and Earth's plans."

Caesar had privileged cultivators all around him, and they couldn't help but show confused expressions at those words. Some even tried to beg Caesar with their eyes, but he didn't want to hear reasons.

"If you can't help Heaven and Earth," Caesar continued, "They have no reason to keep you alive."

The statement explained the situation perfectly. A few unwilling privileged cultivators straightened their position before all the other experts followed. The entire army turned toward Emperor and left the storms in the next seconds.

"I can leave the rest to you, right?" Emperor shouted.

Emperor didn't receive any answer, but that felt normal. He couldn't expect his companions to mind him when they were against the strongest existence in the world.

Marcella inspected her surroundings before wearing a frown. She sent more plants forward, but they also withered in no time. Moreover, squeals never stopped accompanying her attacks, which only intensified her annoyance.

Truth be told, Marcella was far from okay. She felt very emotional due to the recent events. Sepunia's sudden burst of power would have killed her, but Heaven and Earth had freed themselves just in time to destroy Divine Demon's attack.

Nevertheless, that didn't change the reality of the situation. Marcella would have lost, and she knew that far too well. She couldn't remain calm after going through that experience.

Heaven and Earth were the only reassuring aspect of that situation, but that didn't help Marcella. She was aware of the bigger picture and knew part of Caesar's predictions, but that only triggered bigger worries. After all, something had already changed.

"This plant is tasty!" The Foolery shouted. "Ooh! What's that flower? Let me eat it!"

The Foolery's cries forced Marcella to ignore her worries and focus on the battle. The pig probably was one of her greatest counters, but that didn't make her powerless against it.

"I'll give you as much as you want," Marcella calmly stated as dozens of roots pierced her figure and gave birth to an immense array of magical plants.

The Foolery couldn't help but halt its reckless offensive to stare at that magnificent technique. The pig obviously didn't care about the vast diversity of plants. Its attention mainly was on the immense amount of energy it could eat.

"It's a banquet!" The Foolery gulped before diving into the middle of the vegetation to radiate its hunger.

Marcella's vast technique kept the Foolery busy and allowed her to focus on other opponents. She couldn't deal with Divine Demon when numbers weren't on her side, but that didn't prevent her from finding suitable targets.

A series of roots, trunks, branches, and flowers stretched out of the array of magical plants and flew toward Wilfred. Noah also saw vegetation flying toward him, and the event made him livid.

Noah was barely paying attention to Marcella. In his mind, some of his companions would take care of her. However, she had decided to target him over a few of his allies.

"Do you think I'm not qualified to fight your leader?" Noah roared as waves of dark matter came out of his figure.

The vegetation flying toward Noah pierced the dark matter, but something inside it stopped its advance. Soon, hundreds of six-armed dragons wielding swords left the black rivers and launched themselves against the magical plants.

The dragons' offensive was beyond reckless. They didn't care about the injuries that the plants inflicted. They only wanted to cut and destroy, and they didn't mind exploding once their stability reached a critical point.

"The last true dragon just died," Noah roared again before placing his swords on his forehead and filling his centers of power with potential. "I'm not in the mood to deal with underlings."

Marcella couldn't believe her senses. Noah's roar carried something deeper than hatred and anger. His fury brought forward something hidden in the depths of his bloodline, which fused with his unfolded consciousness.

Marcella's survival instincts screamed when Noah's mental waves landed on her. She could summon unique plants to fend them off, but she was one step too late.

A rain made of immense slashes materialized through the entirety of the vegetation and around Marcella. Those attacks didn't hesitate to fall on their targets to create a destructive domain that released a dragon's roar.

The six-armed dragons echoed that roar before diving into the destructive domain. The intense sharpness that filled the area destroyed most of those creatures, but they happily died as they unleashed their power on the vegetation.

Marcella saw the entirety of her vegetation falling apart. The same technique that had kept Divine Demon at bay appeared useless against Noah. His ability carried too much destruction, but that wasn't the main issue. Noah had put his superiority into the attack, and Marcella's plants seemed to bow toward it.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

'What kind of being is he?' Marcella shouted in her mind before giving birth to flowers that shielded her from the slashes falling on her figure.

The flowers shattered, but Marcella managed to remain safe. A few injuries opened on her body due to the intense destruction in the area, but her immense energy reserves dealt with them quickly.

Still, things didn't end there for Marcella. A big figure suddenly appeared in front of her and sucked her body dry of energy. Her world immediately sent more fuel, but the issue remained.

"Noah is quite angry," The Foolery announced while tilting its head to stare at Marcella.

Multiple injuries had opened on the Foolery, and smoke came out of them. Marcella realized that the pig had also suffered due to Noah's offensive, but the creature didn't seem to mind it.

"I guess I can't play with you," The Foolery sighed. "Besides, I'm also quite angry."

Marcella's eyes widened when she sensed her energy leaving her body once again. The process was even faster now, and the Foolery used that chance to bite on her.

Still, magical plants came out of Marcella and protected her from the Foolery's threatening teeth. She was still losing energy, but she had enough of it to create her vegetation.

"Do you think I need to close my mouth to eat you?" The Foolery exclaimed even if it couldn't move its mouth, and a chunk of Marcella's chest suddenly vanished. She could even see the bite marks on her new injuries.