Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2324. River

Strangely enough, the rivers of white energy didn't cause any explosions. They landed on June before seeping through her maimed figure and disappearing.

No one could sense that powerful attack anymore, and Heaven and Earth also appeared lost. Their might had significantly increased after entering their new body, but June had managed to affect their technique anyway.

Still, everyone expected a single outcome from that surprising event. Heaven and Earth had hurt the entirety of Noah's team with a casual attack, so their second technique wasn't something a single rank 9 expert could endure, especially one in the liquid stage.

However, a chaotic and violent aura came out of June and explained part of the situation. Solid stage power filled the tip of the landmass and spread in every direction before transforming into flares that shot toward the sky.

The flares landed on the storms before exploding into ethereal clouds. That influence enveloped the many lightning bolts, forcing them to leave the sky and fly toward June.

Torrents of lightning bolts fell from every corner of the higher plane and flew toward June. She stood up as those attacks fused with her body and disappeared.

The event was beyond strange. June didn't experience any power-up, but the energy of the lightning bolts disappeared anyway. She was clearly absorbing that power, but no one could understand what she was doing with it.

Eventually, dense sparks came out of June's injuries and entered the few remaining chunks of flesh to activate their healing properties. New skin, muscles, bones, and tissues grew from those maimed edges to rebuild her body.

The rebuilding process didn't only give June a body worthy of her new level. The quality of her flesh reached a far superior quality in fields that the spectators couldn't identify. Noah could see that her skin didn't aim to match his sturdiness, but it still strived to grow stronger than him in some aspects.

Heaven and Earth had the chance to launch more attacks, but they waited to study the event. June attracted all the storms and lightning bolts in the higher plane to absorb them into her body, and the process ended once no injury remained on her figure.

June's aura waned at that point. She remained in the solid stage, but her influence returned inside her body. She wasn't affecting the world anymore, and the contact with the landmass was even hurting her.

"What did you achieve?" Heaven and Earth asked. "You can't hope to deflect all our attacks."

"I can always try," June teased.

Heaven and Earth glanced at the landmass. Their previous attack had left deep injuries in that immense creature, but the latter shared the hybrids' insane resilience. Healing abilities had even activated to close some of the most severe wounds.

The damage involved the center of the landmass. It didn't affect its sharp edges, so it was safe to assume that Shafu could still use it to attack. Heaven and Earth would have to prioritize those areas to eliminate that annoying creature, but they decided to test June first.

Heaven and Earth waved their hand, and a pillar came out of them. The attack resembled what they had launched toward Noah's team, but it was far denser at that time.

The white light condensed into a mere bright line during its fast flight. June couldn't hope to dodge the attack, which landed at the center of her chest less than a second after Heaven and Earth's gesture.

The attack could probably pierce anything in the world. Heaven and Earth didn't add any unique nature to their offensive, but the sheer amount of energy inside it made its might clear.

In theory, June couldn't hope to block the attack. She could survive, but her world was bound to suffer damage. Yet, nothing remotely similar happened.

June didn't have the time to summon any technique, but she had no intention to act anyway. The bright line landed on her chest and pushed her away, but the corrosive properties of the landmass helped her disperse that momentum sooner than expected.Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

When June stopped, she straightened her figure again to show the outcome of the attack. Everyone had seen the bright line hitting her, but no one could find traces of that event on her body. She was perfectly fine.

The event was shocking, but Heaven and Earth didn't show any emotion. They inspected June for a few seconds until a word eventually left their mouth. "Immunity."

"That has always been the final goal of my evolution," June declared. "I finally perfected this body. I don't have to hold back anymore."

June lifted a hand above her head, and sparks came out of her palm. That energy transformed into lightning bolts that expanded and condensed until they took the shape of a long orange spear.

A loud came out of June's body and echoed through most of the higher plane. The noise carried pulling properties that forced energy, experts, and much more to take a step toward her.

The pulling force didn't affect Heaven and Earth, but they didn't miss how the entirety of the landmass shook due to that influence. Still, their attention remained on June since she didn't hesitate to throw her spear.

The orange weapon seemed to explode as soon as it left June's hand. The spear transformed into a bullet that left a bright trail through its trajectory.

The attack was fast, but it remained too slow for Heaven and Earth. The rulers raised their hand to stop the bullet, but the latter revealed its true form when June's heartbeat resounded again.

The bullet experienced a surge of energy that turned it into an orange torrent far bigger than the crystal figure. The attack engulfed Heaven and Earth and dug away part of the landmass' surface during its flight toward the other side of the higher plane.

The similarities with Heaven and Earth's first attack were impossible to miss. June had basically replicated their technique, but she had added the deep meanings of her world to it. The torrent didn't deplete energy during the flight. It actually grew stronger.

A proper river appeared in the almost empty higher plane. The world had the landmass, Shafu, and the vast array of golden inscriptions, but an orange torrent had joined them now.

The river didn't disperse even after landing on the sky. Instead, it generated more energy during its flow, giving birth to a proper sea above the white layer.

The orange sea revealed the nature of June's attacks. Sparks flowed over its surface and multiplied as more power appeared inside them. A stranger would find the scene impossible to explain, but everyone knew June's world. She had learnt to expand the properties of her Perfect Circuit to her very energy.

The incredible scene filled the weaker experts in Noah's organization with hope, but it didn't affect the core team. Noah and the others were pleased that June could finally fight, but they knew that the attack couldn't defeat Heaven and Earth.

As predicted, two white slashes cut through the sea and the entirety of the river while releasing whooshing noises. June had to turn herself into a lightning bolt to escape those attacks, but her landing at Noah's side revealed how her evasive maneuver didn't save her completely.

June carried a cross-shaped injury on her right shoulder when she materialized next to Noah. Sparks came out of the wound, but they failed to fix it. June had to settle with covering it with her power.

Meanwhile, the entire river crumbled into dust and revealed the intact crystal figure. Heaven and Earth didn't suffer any injury, and the white light in their palms now carried a far more dangerous power.

"You became immune to a single one of our worlds," Heaven and Earth stated, "And we have always known how to counter it."