Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2325. Offensive

"Well," Wilfred exclaimed, "We weren't expecting this to be easy."

"Do you have a plan?" Alexander asked.

"Thinking isn't my job," Wilfred responded. "I just attack."

"Same here," June announced.

"I like that part too," Divine Demon added.

"A sword follows its own path," Sword Saint stated.

"You could have simply agreed with them," Supreme Thief snorted. "No need to sound wise."

"You don't have a plan either," Alexander pointed out.

"I don't need a plan," Supreme Thief declared. "I only need to show them who's best."

"That doesn't sound too bad," Alexander admitted before glancing at Noah.

"Yeah," Noah sighed. "Let's do that."

Noah released his dark matter and created the dark world under him. Multiple workshops activated and built an army of six-armed dragons with blades instead of claws.

"We should coordinate," Alexander suggested.

"I was feeling mud," Supreme Thief responded.

"You really want to rob them even now," Alexander cursed before heaving a helpless sigh. "I can work with that."

"I'll handle some of their attacks," June uttered. "Don't bother dodging if they use neutral energy."

"I'll cut them," Sword Saint declared.

"I'll teach them how to be a demon," Divine Demon added.

"We have a plan," Noah concluded. "I'll go first."

Noah's statement surprised his companions, but he knew that they wouldn't remain too far behind. Potential flowed into his understanding of space and time as he filled a good chunk of the higher plane with dark matter and disappeared inside it.

The dark matter was too violent to be a sea. Noah had created multiple wave-like structures that shot toward Heaven and Earth while hiding his presence and the army of dragons.

The diversion didn't faze Heaven and Earth. The crystal figure raised a hand, and a soundwave came out. The attack had a circular shape that expanded toward the waves of dark matter and created instabilities in their structure.

The dark matter couldn't hope to survive the attack. The waves turned into dust, but nothing came out of them. Noah and the army had completely disappeared.

Heaven and Earth didn't say anything while they lifted their arm. A series of rumbling gales came out of their hand and ravaged their surroundings without focusing on any specific area.

The gales eventually hit something, and Heaven and Earth didn't hesitate to look in that direction. Beams shot out of their eyes and pierced their target, generating explosions in the process.

White energy expanded from the areas traveled by the beams. Spherical structures grew and pushed the gales away, but the latter didn't disappear. Heaven and Earth forced them to condense in their palm, where they created a tiny hurricane.

Nothing came out of the spherical structures, but Heaven and Earth weren't done. A sharp, high-pitched noise resounded from their body and created a pale domain around them that covered half of the higher plane.

The domain appeared stable until a small area above Heaven and Earth trembled. The rulers threw their tiny hurricane there at that point, and the attack expanded to envelop everything in its violent winds.

A painful cry left the hurricane but failed to distract Heaven and Earth. Still, the rulers couldn't help but focus on the winds afterward. Some gales were turning black for no apparent reason.

The hurricane wasn't the only target of that strange technique. Multiple black spots appeared in random places of the pale domain and started to expand. Noah's influence began to take over the area, but Heaven and Earth didn't let that continue for too long.

Heaven and Earth opened their mouth to release a humming noise. The attack forced the pale domain and the hurricane to freeze, which halted the expansion of the black areas.

Everything crumbled right afterward. A rain of shards containing enough power to fill most of the higher plane fell into the void, and hundreds of black figures materialized among them.

Six-armed dragons and fiendish avatars appeared around Heaven and Earth and voiced roars before shooting toward them. The rulers were at the center of a tight encirclement, but that offensive didn't worry them at all.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Thousands of tiny spikes seeped out of the crystal figure and shot forward. Every weapon carried an insane amount of power, and the army couldn't do anything against it.

The spikes easily pierced the dragons and the fiendish avatars, forcing them to self-destruct to unleash their energy. Complete blackness filled Heaven and Earth's surroundings, but their face remained calm as they inspected the darkness.

Heaven and Earth eventually sprinted ahead and pierced the blackness to reach the single survivor of their previous offensive. A maimed six-armed dragon had tried to hide among the energy released by its companions, and the rulers didn't miss that.

"You reached the final battle only to play tricks on us," Heaven and Earth mocked before tapping their fingers on the dragon's head.

That mere touch turned the dragon into dust. Heaven and Earth also launched a beam to pierce the humanoid figure that had come out of it. Yet, their expression flickered at that point.

The beams dug a hole into the fiendish figure, but no blood came out. Noah wasn't there. Instead, the avatar exploded to fill the area with fuming blades that shot in every direction.

Heaven and Earth didn't bother protecting themselves from the attack. The swords generated clanging noises when they landed on the crystals, but they failed to inflict any damage.

Nevertheless, one of the swords that flew above Heaven and Earth's head suddenly released dark matter and created a portal-like structure. Snore's massive head came out of it and spat a waterfall of destructive energy.

Heaven and Earth endured the waterfall, but the sheer power of their body soon took care of it. Sparks came out of their crystals whenever the destructive energy touched them, and those innate defenses eventually spread through the entirety of the technique.

The torrent shattered, but a series of black lines materialized in its place and converged toward Heaven and Earth. The crystals didn't suffer any damage during the offensive, allowing the rulers to lift their arm to deal with the new threat.

A figure materialized and swung its blades, only for them to end up on Heaven and Earth's palm. Noah put as much strength as possible into the attack, but he couldn't do anything. The crystal figure was simply too strong.

"You have improved," Heaven and Earth commented. "Your understanding can almost affect the void, but we were there long before you."

A loud shockwave expanded from Heaven and Earth's back at that point, and a second soon followed. Wilfred eventually teleported behind the rulers and thrust his palms forward to slam them on the crystals.

The impact with Heaven and Earth's body almost made Noah feel dizzy. The sheer strength unleashed by Wilfred was incredible, but the rulers didn't move.

"There's more," Heaven and Earth announced before two figures materialized at their sides.

Alexander voiced a low cry as a mud-like liquid came out of his mouth and filled the area. The attack didn't affect Noah and Wilfred, but Heaven and Earth could feel its hindering properties trying to influence their body.

Supreme Thief also used mud, but his attack gave birth to a giant humanoid figure that fell on Heaven and Earth and fused with Alexander's attack.

The creature used the mud in the area to restrain Heaven and Earth and search for weak spots in their body, but the process instantly failed. The crystal figure didn't have weaknesses.

Still, Supreme Thief stepped through the mud anyway to touch Heaven and Earth with his bare hands. His whole figure shone with azure light as he immersed himself in the meaning running through the crystals, and his curiosity soon skyrocketed.

"You have so much worth stealing!" Supreme Thief laughed.

"Make way!" June shouted before unleashing an orange torrent on the area.

Divine Demon and Sword Saint didn't hold back either. They launched massive attacks on the sea of mud. Three pillars carrying different shades converged on the same area, generating a deafening explosion during their clash.