Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter  2327. Ice

Alexander had a vague idea of what Noah had in mind, but he didn't let his curiosity affect him. Noah's answer was a silent order, so Alexander didn't hesitate to fly after the Foolery to join it in its offensive.

The Foolery squealed as it accelerated toward Heaven and Earth. The crystal figure was in the middle of a joint assault, but it remained in control of the situation. Actually, the experts around it were the only ones suffering injuries.

The pig ignored any instinctive tactic that its companions had come up with and charged ahead. Divine Demon laughed as he stepped on his left to leave a path for his companion, and the Foolery immediately filled that spot.

The Foolery headbutted Heaven and Earth, but the attack only shattered the skin on its forehead. Still, the pig ignored the injury and unfolded its hunger to affect the immense energy flowing through the crystals.

The hunger didn't affect Heaven and Earth. The Foolery couldn't even eat the sparse energy lingering over the crystal figure. That fuel was too deep to fall under the influence of such a weak domain.

"You won't stop me from eating you!" The Foolery shouted before opening its mouth to bite on the crystals.

The pig's teeth almost broke, and lingering sparks seeped through them to flow into its body. Its internal organs suffered while its mouth remained wrapped on Heaven and Earth, but that wasn't enough to make it give up.

"Who said that you are too powerful for me?!" The pig squealed, and its idiocy fused with its hunger to create a sucking force that seeped through the crystals.

"We do," Heaven and Earth replied, and the sucking force vanished before seizing anything. The rulers had easily stopped the Foolery, but that outcome was entirely predictable.

Heaven and Earth had long since grown tired of that siege. Shafu had even gotten quite far away in the meantime, and the rulers had no intention of letting it go.

Still, Alexander's arrival delayed Heaven and Earth's assault once again. Alexander studied the joint assault for a bit before joining his hands to gather power between his palms.

A deep and heavy aura enveloped Alexander while he summoned his technique. Multiple innate abilities fused and flowed toward his hands to give birth to something the world had never seen.

When Alexander separated his hands, small lumps of purple flames came out in the open. Those tiny techniques flew left and right without leaving Alexander's surroundings, but they shot toward Heaven and Earth as soon as he pointed at them.

The flames were small enough to land on some of Heaven and Earth's exposed spots, but they turned liquid as soon as they touched the crystals. The sparks tried to destroy them, but they appeared resistant to those attacks, which gave them time to apply their effects.

The purple puddles transformed into sticky spots that glued themselves to the crystals while sending energy inside them. Alexander was sending energy to Heaven and Earth, but the latter couldn't subdue it.

The purple energy transformed once again once it entered the crystals. It turned into a gas-like substance that tried to destabilize the many meanings amassed by Heaven and Earth.

The attempt obviously failed for the most part. Alexander had summoned as many suitable abilities as he could think of, but they weren't anything special compared to what Heaven and Earth contained. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

However, the purple gas managed to affect random aspects of some meanings. That result wasn't significant enough to inflict damage, but it remained more than the team had accomplished until now.

Heaven and Earth saw the event as an insult toward their superiority, but their opponents retained the initiative. Alexander had opened a path, and Supreme Thief didn't hesitate to step on it.

Supreme Thief landed on Heaven and Earth's shoulders and placed his hands on their head. His figure turned into a blinding azure avatar as he focused the entirety of his world on a single task, and something surprising eventually happened.

Heaven and Earth lifted their head in time to see Supreme Thief drawing a single white dot out of the crystals. The stolen item contained immense energy, but it was incredibly unstable. Moreover, it was too powerful for Supreme Thief's world.

Nevertheless, Supreme Thief didn't try to absorb those stolen meanings. He pushed his hands down as soon as the instabilities reached a critical point, and the white dot exploded into a storm of white and azure energy.

The power of the attack surpassed anything the group had launched before. Supreme Thief didn't use his energy or understanding to cast that technique. He had simply stolen something from Heaven and Earth before sending it back at them.

The stolen energy contained random chunks of meaning, so it didn't create a proper attack. The unleashed power was chaotic and violent, and it even expressed different natures. Yet, it was strong enough to affect Heaven and Earth. After all, it had come from them in the first place.

Supreme Thief laughed when he saw the violent attack pushing down Heaven and Earth, but his companions didn't share his happiness. They had been right next to the crystal figure, so the technique hit them too.

"Can't you warn us first?!" June cursed as she and the others sprinted out of the attack.

"You hit my blade!" Sword Saint scolded.

"I couldn't eat anything!" The Foolery complained.

"That's how a demon should act," Divine Demon laughed.

"I don't know how many of this we can handle," Wilfred pointed out.

"We don't deserve to live then," Divine Demon laughed even harder.

Marcella saw the exchange happening from her distant spot. Everything had unfolded too quickly, so she had remained still to watch the scene.

Yet, once Heaven and Earth failed to handle the offensive, Marcella snapped back to reality and charged ahead. She didn't know how much she could do against so many opponents, but she felt sure that the rulers would benefit from her presence.

Still, an enormous silver item materialized on Marcella's path before she could reach Heaven and Earth. The privileged cultivator immediately recognized that chrysalis, so she did everything she could to fly past it, but her efforts didn't lead anywhere.

Silver ice covered the entire area and expanded until a quarter of the higher plane transformed into a frozen landscape. Marcella saw all the available paths closing before her eyes, and her consciousness also failed to pierce that silver material.

Marcella didn't give up so soon. Countless spiky plants grew around her and shot toward the ice. Many of her attacks succeeded in piercing that silver layer, but she only found more frozen areas past that.

A cracking noise eventually reached Marcella's ears and forced her to look at the silver item. Fissures opened on its surface and expanded to reveal an intense green color. The process continued until a loud hiss filled the area.

The cracked item froze and retreated to fuse with the giant figure contained in its insides. A massive green snake appeared in the open and stretched its immense body before lifting its head to express its anger.

"Defying Demon!" The Eternal Snake hissed. "I've come back to kill you!"

 