Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2331. Over

Coldness filled Noah's face, but he didn't feel any surprise. He had always been partially sure that the landmass would have been the first to fall. Still, that acceptance didn't make the scene any happier.

The lifeless half of the landmass fell into the void and disappeared among its blackness. A monstrous cry came out of the immense creature, and Shafu fell prey to the anger expressed in that voice.

Shafu echoed the landmass' anger before pushing the whole structure down again. Heaven and Earth stood on the sky as they waited for the attack to land on them, but Noah didn't let that reckless behavior continue.

Noah suddenly replaced Shafu. The dragon disappeared from the higher plane and left him on the upper edge of the giant creature.

The landmass was still falling due to the momentum accumulated in the previous charge, but Noah grabbed it to stop the attack. The creature fought against that decision, but the damage prevented it from expressing its full power.

The veins on Noah's arms bulged as potential flowed into his body, giving him enough strength to send the landmass flying away. The creature voiced another angry cry as the crystal figure grew distant, but Noah didn't hesitate to throw something at it.

"Calm down," Noah ordered as Shafu returned to the higher plane and reached the landmass. "I can't have you go crazy too."

Shafu growled in acceptance before wrapping its arms around the maimed landmass. The latter wanted to fly back toward Heaven and Earth and fight, but Shafu started to communicate with it in an attempt to calm it down.

Noah's reptilian eyes darted left and right to study the entirety of the landmass. The creature had lost part of its massive figure, but it was still strong. It could still express its power. It only had to adapt to its new form.

Noah's gaze went on Heaven and Earth once the inspection ended. The crystal figure didn't seize that opportunity to resume its offensive. It only stood still to wait for Noah to do something.

"Your organization is falling apart," Heaven and Earth taunted. "We underestimated you, but your limits are becoming clear."

Noah didn't answer. His world was running dry, but he had enough of it to push himself past his limits. He could even ration it to save some energy for the future exchanges, but that had never been his style.

Dark matter came out of Noah's figure and expanded around him. The dark world took form, and his companions appeared in the open. Snore, Night, Duanlong, and the parasite hovered at his sides and waited for his orders.

Potential soon followed. Noah summoned the entirety of his energy reserves and emptied his ethereal blackness to empower himself and his companions.

Snore and the others even called upon their innate abilities to double down on that power-up. The void bent under the immense pressure generated by Noah and his companions. Part of that blackness even shook as they tried to come to life and help in the battle.

The scene was majestic. Noah was expressing the accumulation of his entire life to channel it into a single assault. It really seemed that he wanted to put everything he had into one last attack, but Heaven and Earth remained wary of eventual tricks.

June and the others wanted to help, but they couldn't. The destruction in the area was too intense, and their presence would even threaten the stability of the technique. Their chance would come after Noah launched his attack, but they couldn't do anything now.

Dark-red light came out of Noah's eyes as his violent thoughts reached insane levels of power. He stopped thinking and let his destruction guide his actions.

The entirety of Noah's being transformed into an avatar of destruction. He temporarily embodied his most powerful aspects to give birth to an offensive that could hurt his opponent.

Heaven and Earth wanted to put an end to that behavior. Their plans involved a far stronger version of Noah to add value to their victory, but the incoming offensive threatened to ruin that.

Noah was virtually exhausted right now. He could still call back part of his potential, but his world was currently empty. The ethereal blackness would also remain like that unless he achieved something with his offensive.

In short, Heaven and Earth would lose their opponent if Noah's attack failed. Still, their hands were tied. Interrupting that offensive would only disperse Noah's power, and weakening themselves on purpose wouldn't grant him any potential.

"Very well," Heaven and Earth eventually announced. "We'll grant you this chance."

Noah had long since stopped listening to his surroundings. His violent thoughts ruled his actions and made him point his blades downward.

The dark world opened to reveal an army of swords, clawed six-armed dragons, and fiendish figures. The unused dark matter flowed toward Snore and the others to reinforce their structures, and they all prepared for their descent.

Everything went silent. Noah didn't speak or roar. He took a step forward, and his companions followed. Yet, everything soon disappeared before materializing on Heaven and Earth.

Chaos unfolded at that point. Explosions, soundwaves, shockwaves, flares, and much more shot in every direction, affecting the very fabric of the void.FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

A dark cloud made of violent storms took control of that chunk of the sky, and its influence on the void made it impossible for the audience to inspect the exchange. The destruction in the area was too thick for mere rank 9 existences. Only Noah and Heaven and Earth knew what was happening there.

The void revealed its true resilience under that weight. Its space-time array bent and broke in some spots, but that damage didn't affect its functioning. Actually, its structure gained its original form in no time, even while the destruction continued to rage.

The event answered some of Noah's companion's doubts. He had touched the edges of the superior realm with his offensive, but he couldn't make his influence stick. The universe was still outside of his reach.

A humming noise eventually spread through the violent cloud before seeping out of its edges to expand into the higher plane. The storms quieted down, and their energy started to crumble. The offensive's aftermath lost momentum, making it fall into the void.

The void also completely stabilized, allowing the audience to inspect the scene that the storms had hidden until now. The clues revealed by the exchange had already pointed toward one specific outcome but seeing it forced gasps out of some of Noah's companions.

Heaven and Earth didn't move at all. The attack couldn't make them bend or budge, but they didn't stop there. The crystal figure had one arm lifted above its head to show the gory figure trapped in its grasp.

The crystal fingers held Noah's neck in a grasp he couldn't escape. The dark matter had also left his figure, and his swords were nowhere to be seen. The same went for his companions and army. Everything had disappeared.

The injuries on Noah's body were so severe that even Alexander would have struggled to survive them. His figure was nothing more than a series of holes held together by short and thin chunks of flesh. His limbs were miraculously still in their place, but they appeared useless in their current state.

"It seems our plans were misplaced," Heaven and Earth commented. Your rebellion is over."