Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2334. Gist

The Foolery wasn't completely an idiot, but some aspects of worlds and the ninth rank still escaped its understanding.

Noah's situation was quite complicated. For starters, he was still in the liquid stage, so any form of help would have only slowed down his growth.

King Elbas could have given Noah something to fix his body, but that would have left him with sheer physical strength. King Elbas could probably do something for Noah's potential at his current level, but that would have only pushed him to replicate the previous pointless exchanges.

The final battle was reaching its climax, and everyone knew that. However, the group had yet to inflict a single injury on Heaven and Earth, and King Elbas' previous show of power inevitably revealed difficult truths.

Heaven and Earth had amassed countless worlds in their existence. Their attacks didn't carry much diversity, but their opponents were to blame for that. June and the others simply didn't allow the rulers to do as they wished.

Still, believing that a bunch of rank 9 experts had managed to corner such a powerful being was simply unreal. King Elbas had proved that point with his offensive. The crystal figure hid much more than incredible resilience and infinite power.

Heaven and Earth were a quasi-rank 10 being. That would typically put them outside the reach of every rank 9 expert, but Noah's group was an exception. Divine Demon and the others could survive multiple exchanges, which was enough to place them above the limits of the ninth rank.

King Elbas' fake quasi-rank 10 state didn't reflect the real version of that level of power. However, his breakthrough into the solid stage had empowered his incredible technique and had brought it closer to expressing what the cultivation journey intended.

In theory, King Elbas would have been enough to hurt Heaven and Earth. After all, his companions were already getting close to that. Yet, the rulers had endured his attack quite easily, revealing how their power probably went beyond what they showed.

King Elbas had yet to complete his calculations, but something told him that their current firepower wasn't enough. He could help his team touch the levels of power required to hurt Heaven and Earth, but he needed depth too, and he couldn't handle that field alone.

"Let's go," King Elbas eventually exclaimed while disregarding his hesitation and doubts.

The Foolery and Divine Demon followed King Elbas closely, and they soon appeared in front of Heaven and Earth.

Divine Demon waved the hand holding the cup of wine and created a series of circular inscriptions that fused to build a cylindrical structure that accumulated power.

The Foolery opened and closed its mouth multiple times. It bit the air while its hunger intensified and its existence deepened. The pig even wanted some of its attacks to slam on Heaven and Earth, but nothing reached them.

That outcome surprised the pig. Heaven and Earth had yet to do anything, so it couldn't explain why its attacks weren't landing on the crystal figure.

King Elbas solved those doubts with his next move. His figure exploded with fake quasi-rank 10 power as he stretched his arms and moved them in a circular motion.

The gesture engulfed the area in a pale-gold domain that revealed the power expressed by the pig and Divine Demon. An ethereal version of the bites and a bright red beam appeared in front of the two experts and drew close to King Elbas.

The fiery spear materialized in King Elbas' grasp as he altered the structure of his companions' attacks and forced them to point forward. He also thrust his weapon, and the gesture sent everything toward Heaven and Earth.

Flames came out of the ethereal bites and golden shades fused with the red beam as they flew forward. Those attacks reached Heaven and Earth's sides and unleashed far more power than expected while revealing special effects.

The fiery pillar unleashed by the spear reached Heaven and Earth's chest at the same time. The three attacks pushed the crystal figure deeper into the sky and forced it to kneel, but its skin survived the blows.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

The Foolery and Divine Demon suddenly saw energy coming out of their figures. They didn't do anything, but they could sense how that power belonged to them.

The two experts inevitably turned toward King Elbas, who had closed his eyes. His hands had even started to perform mysterious gestures that added ethereal effects to the whole pale-gold domain.

The energy released by the Foolery transformed into multiple ethereal mouths that teleported on Heaven and Earth. The pig had used its idiocy to create bites that didn't require any physical attack.

Divine Demon's energy fused with the cylindrical structure and added complicated inscriptions to its circular formations. Schools that Divine Demon had never witnessed empowered his creation and allowed it to release an even stronger version of his temporary higher energy.

Those empowered attacks fused with the previous offensive and immobilized Heaven and Earth. The latter had already come up with a counter, but that new wave of power made their preparations useless.

An outsider would fail to understand what had happened inside the pale-gold domain. Anyone could guess that the Foolery and Divine Demon had relied on their unreasonable power to create even stronger techniques, but the truth was far different.

Divine Demon and the Foolery didn't do anything. The pale-gold domain had forced their worlds to activate and unleash techniques they didn't consider possible before.

"What are you doing?" Divine Demon asked as he hurriedly refilled his cup of wine.

"I'm forcing your dumb worlds to blend inside my reality," King Elbas shortly explained. "I can finally add some reason to your attacks."

"Ooh," The Foolery gasped. "We are too strong to be left on our own, right?"

"I didn't say that," King Elbas snorted.

"You totally did," Divine Demon laughed. "You could have simply asked for our help."

"I'm the one helping you!" King Elbas cursed.

"Xavier, Xavier," The Foolery squealed while rubbing its head on King Elbas' side, uncaring of the golden flames burning it. "Stop being so shy. We know you have achieved this power to fight with us."

"They are breaking free," King Elbas declared when tremors ran through Heaven and Earth and began to push back the attacks falling on their figure.

"I wil-," King Elbas began to say, but Divine Demon interrupted him.

"Leave it!" Divine Demon shouted. "I got the gist of it."

Divine Demon waved his free hand, and hundreds of new lines materialized on the cylindrical structure, bringing its power toward new levels.

King Elbas didn't know what to say. Those inscriptions didn't belong to any existing school, and they even had conflicting behaviors, but Divine Demon somehow made them work together. He had actually achieved a level of power that the pale-gold domain struggled to identify.

"I also got the gist of it!" The Foolery announced before launching a massive fart that filled the whole domain with an awful scent.

King Elbas didn't understand the reason behind that action, but the Foolery soon solved his doubts. The awful scent started to shine with azure light, giving birth to multiple plants. The latter then shattered to turn into pure energy that created thousands of ethereal attacks around Heaven and Earth.

The new power added to the offensive shattered Heaven and Earth's counterattack and forced them on the sky again. The Foolery and Divine Demon had escaped King Elbas' reason again, but they had achieved great results.

King Elbas could only sigh at that sight. His companions refused to stick to a single plan no matter what he did, but that was fine for now. Everything worked as long as they managed to suppress Heaven and Earth.