Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2345. Target

White light filled every corner of Noah's vision. He had lost track of his companions, but the attack didn't allow him to search for them. Still, he didn't worry about them. His mind only had violent thoughts flying inside it.

Flares of violent dark matter shot in every direction as Noah pressed forward. His consciousness couldn't expand among that mess, but his destruction gave him a path to follow.

Roots pierced Noah's skin and enveloped him in a dangerous armor that often crumbled under the might of the crystal energy. The parasite saved him from many serious injuries, but it couldn't always withstand what fell on its surfaces.

Night also helped during the charge. Its black lines had precise piercing effects, so they created the main path that Noah followed. His companions did their best to make him survive the white offensive, and his charge never stopped.

A familiar crystal figure eventually appeared behind the white mess. Noah didn't hesitate to fill specific centers of power with potential, and some of his defensive abilities weakened during the effort.

The parasite stopped piercing his skin, Snore didn't send random flares anymore, and even Night halted its relentless offensive. Noah had to use his body to endure the white storm, but his incredible physical might allowed him to survive for a few seconds.

That time was enough for Noah. Most of his offensive abilities gathered on his arms and blades while the crystal energy dug through his skin. The innate destruction radiated by his figure intensified as he accumulated power, and his surroundings darkened when he launched his attack.

The white storms around Noah vanished when he thrust his blades forward. A torrent of sharp energy shot out and transformed into a dense black line that landed on the crystal figure ahead and pierced its skin.

The line carried enough destruction to dig through the crystals and reach the white core behind them. The attack had lost too much momentum during the flight, but it could still generate an explosion.

A chaotic mass of destructive power exploded before Noah and sent some fuming crystals in his direction. A few ended up stabbing him, but others only generated clanging noises when they landed on his skin.

The chaotic energy engulfed Noah, but more potential flowed into his body before he waved his hand. The gesture dispersed the messy storm and allowed him to see the result of his attack. A maimed crystal figure became visible, but the item didn't show any trace of life due to the destruction of its white core.

New potential flowed inside the ethereal blackness, but Noah barely cared about the event. He tried to inspect his surroundings for a few seconds, but he could only see white currents flowing everywhere, so he quickly closed his eyes.

Heaven and Earth were getting stronger, but the same went for Noah and his companions. Moreover, Noah could already hurt the crystals after his breakthrough, so his starting point turned out to be slightly higher than the rulers.

The crystal bodies didn't even improve during the process. Heaven and Earth granted them better energy, but their structural stability remained unchanged. Noah and the others only had to worry about the stronger attacks flying on their way.

Noah immersed himself in his violent thoughts while whiteness stretched toward him. Some random currents even landed on his body and opened injuries, but he ignored everything to listen to his destruction.

Eventually, his anger intensified and stirred him to fly in a specific direction. Noah's instincts told him where he had to unleash his destruction, and he didn't hesitate to listen to them.

Noah shot forward, relying on his companions and innate destruction to pave the way toward his new target. A golden flare cut his path at some point and revealed King Elbas in the distance, busy burning a crystal figure. Something similar happened soon after due to the immense explosion of sparks that unfolded under him, but nothing could interrupt his charge.

Coordinating an offensive against many targets and in the middle of that mess was impossible. Noah's team knew that, so the experts went on their own way to handle any enemy they could find.

Noah accelerated when he sensed that his target was close. His skin even started to deflect attacks on its own due to the excitement that flew through it. His entire being was turning into a weapon meant to defeat Heaven and Earth, but a loud hiss suddenly reached his ears and distracted him.

A giant figure pierced the white storms on Noah's left and crashed on him before he could do anything about it. Ice filled Noah's vision and attempted to confuse him, but the voice that followed cleared any possible doubt.

"Defying Demon!" The Eternal Snake hissed. "I've come to kill you!"

"Dumb snake," Noah cursed while the Eternal Snake pushed him into the white storms.

The crystal energy hurt Noah and the Eternal Snake, but the latter didn't care about those injuries. It wanted to push Noah and squash him on the sky, but overcoming his physical prowess turned out to be too hard.

The Eternal Snake slowly stopped, and an explosion of dark matter followed. Noah unleashed waves of destructive power to reduce the number of white currents in the area and create a situation where he could talk.

"You dare oppose me?!" The Eternal Snake shouted, uncaring that everything in its vision had turned dark.

Silver rivers came out of the creature's mouth. Immense frozen landmasses took form, but the area occupied by Noah's destructive energy remained immune to the attack.

An unstoppable force eventually landed on the snake's frozen helmet. The creature hissed in anger, but Noah still tried to talk with it. "Can't you realize the situation we are in?"

"I don't care!" The Eternal Snake hissed. "Die and turn into my meal!"

More silver liquid came out of the snake's mouth, but Noah teleported on its forehead to lift its head. The creature couldn't oppose that pulling force, and its ice eventually expanded toward the target Noah had found before the previous charge.

The crystal figure that appeared behind the white energy launched a precise attack toward the incoming attack. The silver liquid shot in every direction as a torrent of crystals pierced it and reached its source.

Noah pulled the Eternal Snake in front of him to make it endure the incoming attack. The crystal energy pierced the creature and the frozen armor, but that damage soon disappeared and offered proper protection.

"Fight me!" The snake ordered, uncaring of the holes opened by the crystal energy.

"I'm a bit busy right now," Noah snorted while kicking the frozen armor to launch the snake toward the crystal figure in the distance.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Heaven and Earth only needed to raise their hand to block the immense snake, but darkness soon filled their vision. A giant sword cut through the frozen armor and the creature before landing on the crystals to unleash its power.

A deep cut opened on the crystal body's waist. The sword couldn't pierce it from side to side, but it damaged its white core enough to cause unstoppable instabilities. When another rotation happened, Heaven and Earth's avatar exploded into a cloud of unstable energy.

Noah had cut the snake in half to perform that attack, but the latter reformed in no time. Its colossal body also became a natural defense against the explosion, which Noah didn't hesitate to use.

"You bastard!" The Eternal Snake cursed, and its anger only intensified when Noah appeared in its vision.

"Calm down, you idiot," Noah scolded through a roar that dispersed some of that anger. "Let's kill Heaven and Earth first."

"You are my target," The snake coldly hissed.

"And how do you plan on fighting me here?" Noah asked before turning his head to release a black sea that stopped some of the incoming white currents.

"I don't fear these attacks!" The Eternal Snake claimed.

"They don't fear you either," Noah explained. "Can't you see how Heaven and Earth ignored you? They think you are too weak to join this battle."

The Eternal Snake went silent. The white currents mostly flew in random directions, but some of them targeted Noah. That didn't happen with the creature. Its armor and body suffered only due to the leftovers of that offensive.