Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2349. Crack

Heaven and Earth's silence was eerie. It was impossible to understand what the rulers were doing inside the sky, and their lack of reactions only intensified the overall tension in the higher plane.

The rulers were clearly up to something, but the same went for their enemies. The latter were ready, and Noah performed one last inspection to appease his worries.

June had to be careful about the power accumulated on her body. Tight nets made of sparks covered her injuries and prevented her energy from leaving through them, but they also created windows directly connected with her Perfect Circuit.

Everyone could see that June's insides contained nothing more than raw and violent energy. The level of that fuel was also incredible. Noah had to use King Elbas' fake quasi-rank 10 state as a comparison to evaluate its might.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Alexander struggled to retain his human form. Worm-like bulges ran through his body, chunks of his skin changed color, and some of his muscles inflated before deflating while he stood still and remained focused on his ability.

Supreme Thief was stabler than his companions, but it was clear that his mind was elsewhere. His eyes appeared lost in a scene that no one could see, and his overall figure had turned whiter for some reason.

The three experts were in no condition to reply to questions, and none of their companions called them. The group only cared about their battle prowess, and the pressure radiated by their figures was more than satisfying.

A low growl eventually left Noah's mouth, carrying an order that conveyed pure wills. He made his voice so soft that his companions understood his intentions without ruining their concentration.

Supreme Thief and the Eternal Snake shot upward at that point. The frozen landmasses and part of the ice around the sky flew through the higher plane to reach the creature. A silver armor took life, uncovering part of the white layer in the process.

The Eternal Snake didn't have specific tasks, and its attack pattern was also quite simple. The creature snapped its tail, and the gesture generated far more momentum due to the increased size granted by the frozen armor.

The technique propelled the giant snake toward the sky. Its sprint was quite fast, and its landing on the white layer generated a shockwave that filled a considerable fraction of the higher plane with storms.

Of course, that simple headbutt didn't affect the sky at all. The Eternal Snake had even added its weight to the attack, but mere physical prowess couldn't hurt the white layer. Even Noah would fail at that.

Supreme Thief reached the Eternal Snake almost immediately, but his lost gaze never fell on his companions. The snake was the same since it continued to headbutt the sky, but what followed forced it to divert its attention.

Supreme Thief placed both hands on the sky before closing his eyes. The white cores absorbed earlier came out of his body to show their new azure shades. The items started to rotate around the expert, and a series of azure crystals seeped out of his skin.

The azure crystals expanded until the entirety of Supreme Thief's body gained the same appearance as Heaven and Earth's avatars. Meanwhile, the cores continued to spin around him, and white energy eventually accumulated in the area.

Supreme Thief generated a type of fuel that felt identical to what Heaven and Earth had used in the previous offensive. He replicated the crystal energy and even added the Rulers' Resolve's influence to adapt that power to the sky.

No external force affected the white energy, but the sky naturally attracted it due to its resemblance with what flowed behind its surface. The process was quite fast, and it soon started to affect the overall crystals and whiteness that had covered Supreme Thief.

Supreme Thief regained his natural colors, and even his expression focused again. His gaze darted left and right to study the situation, but he waited a few seconds before performing his attack.

Once the entirety of the white energy entered the sky, Supreme Thief shone with azure light that caused a reaction in that lost fuel. Azure patches appeared behind the white surface and made the entire area tremble.

Supreme Thief revealed a crazy smile as he lowered his arms and pulled the foreign energy inside the sky. The azure patches expanded before approaching the white surface and piercing it to return to the higher plane.

The azure energy carried white gas and materials while it reunited with Supreme Thief. The expert seized everything and stored it inside his body, but he flew away once the process was over.

The Eternal Snake had grown interested in the whole procedure, but it didn't have the time to feel disappointed about the sudden departure since golden light filled its vision.

Wilfred voiced a human cry when he slammed the giant ram on the sky. The impact unleashed a sea of flames that covered the white layer and enhanced the instabilities caused by Supreme Thief. The many drills also shot forward, and a relentless assault started.

Part of the flames reached the Eternal Snake and fell on its face. The creature wanted to complain, but its anger vanished when it saw Wilfred. The hybrid was pushing the ram, uncaring of the wounds opening his hands, and the snake saw that behavior as a personal challenge.

The Eternal Snake dived into the golden sea to headbutt the sky again. The flames melted its armor and burnt its head, but those injuries vanished in no time and allowed it to continue the assault.

Wilfred gave up on pushing at some point and directly punched the back of the ram to slam it deeper into the sea. He could feel that the sky still blocked the item's way, so the violence of his attacks increased every time he failed to pierce it.

The Foolery and King Elbas arrived in the area, but the former acted on its own. The pig jumped into the sea and sucked all the flames before placing its butt on the sky.

Violent shockwaves seeped into the white layer and gave birth to earthquakes, but the Foolery didn't care that its attacks were affecting the ram. Still, King Elbas landed at its side and unfolded his golden domain to force the tremors into a specific rhythm.

Sword Saint his offensive now that the sea had disappeared. A rain made of silver drops assaulted the sky, paying special attention to the instabilities that his companions had caused. The expert seemed able to sense which blade could benefit the current state of the offensive.

Shafu and the landmass followed, and their attack inevitably brought a few gazes on them. The giant creature had silver light around its edges, but dark energy grew inside it before the dragon thrust it toward the sky.

The attack didn't give birth to any torrent at that time. Shafu had launched a clean thrust that pushed the entirety of the accumulated power in the area touched by the maimed landmass.

Huge cracks opened on the landmass due to the condensed release of energy. That damage inflicted the finishing blow on the already maimed creature, which ended up shattering into multiple giant pieces.

Those pieces didn't crumble any further, but anyone inspecting the scene could sense that life was abandoning them. Weak growls came out of the boulders, but everything eventually went quiet. The landmass effectively died under everyone's gaze.

The scene filled many experts with unreasonable anger that threatened to disrupt the offensive, but a shattering sound arrived and dispersed that feeling. Many gazes moved toward the source of that noise, and the incredible image they saw enveloped the entire team with hope.

A big but shallow crack had appeared on the sky. The damage wasn't too significant, but the experts could find some comfort in it. The landmass had managed to pierce the white layer with its last attack.