Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2351. Rain

Noah didn't have any new techniques in store. His breakthrough had pushed every aspect of his world to the peak. Still, it didn't give birth to anything unique or innovative. He was simply a stronger version of himself in every field.

Of course, an increase in strength among rank 9 existences wasn't as simple as it sounded. A breakthrough involved the deepening of some aspects of a world, if not all of them. Noah had experienced exactly that, which justified his incredible battle prowess.

However, Noah's current target didn't show any notable weaknesses. He couldn't use his unique companions to counter certain structural flaws or problems.

The sky contained Heaven and Earth's might and natures, which went beyond what Noah could understand or study. His violent thoughts pushed him in a specific direction, but they couldn't go too far in front of such a powerful opponent.

The lack of specific options led Noah to resort to his only reasonable idea. Heaven and Earth didn't show flaws, so he wouldn't try to exploit them. He would simply condense everything he had into a single attack.

The Cursed Sword and the Demonic Sword remained inside Noah while he prepared his attack. Multicolored rays of threatening light filled his surroundings, but everything soon darkened as his influence expanded.

The companions were the first to send their power forward. Shafu and the others had specific innate abilities and purposes, but they all worked together to create a single technique that could express their uniqueness. ɴᴇᴡ ɴᴏᴠᴇʟ ᴄʜᴀᴘᴛᴇʀs ᴀʀᴇ ᴘᴜʙʟɪsʜᴇᴅ ᴏɴ . ᴄᴏᴍ

Snore had its wild and destructive energy, Night could sever matter belonging to depths that Noah couldn't sense, and the parasite produced the greatest corrosive influence in the world.

The Cursed Sword fed on violence, and Noah had nothing else in his mind. The Demonic Sword was an expression of Noah's core, so most of his aspects fused in the energy it sent.

Shafu and Duanlong didn't shine when it came to offensive prowess. They were strong individually, but their innate abilities had purposes that went beyond battles.

Still, the two creatures sent their abilities forward anyway and let the ethereal blackness handle them. Shafu's power became an influence that affected the very fabric of space, while Duanlong added a suction force that could make any attack unstoppable.

The rest of Noah's aspects flowed forward at that point. Potential filled his centers of power and allowed them to express a might they wouldn't usually be able to wield.

Physical prowess, sharp energy, solid black matter, and destructive mental waves fused into the mess of innate abilities flowing toward Noah's arms. The process threatened to reach the structural limits of Noah's body, but he didn't stop there.

Different auras shot out of Noah's figure to express the various aspects of his world. Anger, pride, greed, hunger, sharpness, creation, destruction, space, and time fused before becoming part of something that empowered all of them without affecting their innate nature.

Pure ambition enveloped the area and created a dense domain. Noah didn't develop any specific technique, but the sheer expression of his world gave birth to a black world that spread its darkness into the rest of the higher plane.

The multicolored currents still flowed, but their shades were impossible to recognize among that darkness. A curtain had fallen on the entire higher plane, and its source resembled a black hole due to how impenetrable it was.

The attack that Noah chose was almost obvious. The entirety of the darkness inside the higher plane flowed back toward its source to fuse with the pitch-back area. That domain also retreated until Noah reappeared.

The immense energy unleashed before disappeared for an instant, only to reappear when Noah lowered his arms. A deafening thudding noise followed the gesture, and a massive black structure soon materialized on the sky.

Most of the ice had disappeared by then, so the audience could study the full extent of Noah's attack. His swordless gesture had created a black mountain chain that spread in a straight line over more than half of the sky.

The attack didn't actually create mountains. Those structures were dense but not solid. They also waved left and right. A closer inspection would put them closer to fumes than to giant boulders.

Part of the ice returned due to the Eternal Snake's incredible innate ability. The process dispersed the mountains and revealed how much damage the recent offensive had inflicted on the sky.

Many privileged cultivators couldn't help but open their mouths at the sight of the giant fissure that ran through the sky. The white layer had once been a smooth surface, but it now had an immense cannel running through it. A canyon had appeared in something that those experts believed to be indestructible.

That scene already surpassed Heaven and Earth's army's wildest expectations, but loud noises eventually resounded and attracted everyone's attention to a giant golden structure.

King Elbas' ram had survived the offensive, and a gory figure still hovered under it. Wilfred was nothing more than a bunch of muscles attached to a corpse, but he continued to throw his arms forward to push the giant item deeper into the sky.

The sky had long lost its original stability. The incredible attacks that had landed on its surface didn't only hurt its structure. They had also affected its overall endurance.

The ram finally managed to apply its effects due to that weakness. Its scorching head and spinning drills pierced the white layer by exploiting Wilfred's power. Cracks opened before the item, and the process continued until a sea of fissures spread all around the immense gorge.

Noah had created a crack that ran for half of the sky, and the ram expanded that damage. Shattering noises filled the higher plane as fissures stretched from the main gorge and created a vast array.

Half of the sky retained its smoothness, but the other half transformed into a series of shallow and deep gorges connected to a long, central fissure. It seemed that a mere punch could make all of that crumble into a white rain, and Divine Demon didn't hesitate to provide that power.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"That was a good spectacle," Divine Demon laughed after appearing under the main fissure. "I want to see it again."

Divine Demon raised his hand, and blood-red light invaded the higher plane. That radiance churned and flowed to give birth to different shapes, and the audience remained speechless when the process ended.

Blood-red versions of King Elbas, Noah, and the other experts involved in the previous offensive materialized around Divine Demon. He even created a copy of the ram and the Eternal Snake.

Then, those figures summoned abilities identical to what their true versions had unleashed previously. Divine Demon obviously couldn't copy his companions' unique powers, but his energy replicated those natures as best as possible.

"I did say I would tease everyone," Divine Demon declared. "Well, hurry up."

The figures shot forward, and the higher plane experienced a blood-red version of the previous offensive. Massive attacks crashed on the cracked sky at the same time, and their effects expanded the damage it had already suffered.

By the time the attack ended, the sky had lost any trace of smoothness. Cracks covered the entirety of its surface, and some of them stretched quite deeply into its structure.

A faint gust of wind eventually fell on the sky. No one knew where that gale had come from. Too many attacks had happened to connect that event to one of them.

Nevertheless, that faint gale triggered a chain reaction that involved the entire sky. A mere touch on the cracks made them separate from the main structure. When the first chunk of the white layer fell, the rest followed and filled the higher plane into a rain of white boulders.