Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"Thank you, Professor Roy."

Lady Eth spoke as she gazed at the short man who had waved his hand to cast the spell.

The attack of those magical plants was fended off with a single spell, they didn’t even have a chance to reach the three heroic cultivators.

"Lord Delbert, it would be nice if you quickened your pace."

Roy spoke toward the cultivator wielding the sickle, he didn’t want to remain in the attack range of those plants.

"Plants aren’t like beasts, they need precise motions to be handled and seized, I won’t risk ruining this precious material."

However, Lord Delbert didn’t change his pace and continued to slowly sever the branches and trunks of the Silver-yellow wood.

Roy snorted as he stood side to side with Lady Eth to protect him, he didn’t care about magical plants at all but he would have the same behavior if he was studying magical beasts so he simply shut up and focused on the azure terrain.

The Silver-yellow woods were a carnivorous magical plant, they defended themselves when they saw their trunks being seized.

More roots rose from the ground and tried to reach the cultivators but another wave of flames incinerated the terrain from which they were coming out, there was nothing that those plants could do to defend themselves against those mighty entities.

Lord Delbert continued to seize the materials and store them inside his space-ring, more than fifty trees had already been severed from their roots by that time.

It was at that point that an earthquake swept the area and created a fissure that divided the forest into two.

Lord Delbert stopped cutting the trees and focused on the depths of the fissure, a blinding silver radiance was radiated from the azure halo below him.

It took him less than an instant to understand what was going on, he quickly warned his companions as that realization hit him.

"Lady Eth, we must escape, now!"

Delbert didn’t use words to communicate but he used his consciousness instead which was a quicker method to transmit information.

Lady Eth didn’t hesitate and threw a series of runes toward the two cultivators before the golden runes on her white robe shone, the three of them disappeared from their position and reappeared somewhere high in the sky.

Right after they teleported away, a thick root thirty meters wide rose at high speed from the fissure and cut the air where the cultivators once where.

An ominous aura was radiated by the root which continued to rise in the sky, becoming something similar to the silver trunks of the Silver-yellow woods.

"What is happening?"

Lady Eth asked as she watched the scene, the aura radiated by that root made even her tremble.

Lord Delbert sighed before he explained the matter to his companions.

"I thought the trunks and branches of the trees had died due to the fall, I was wrong. The Silver-yellow woods in this forest have gathered all their "Breath" in their roots and joined it together to create a seed from which they could live again. We are witnessing the birth of a rank 5 Silver-yellow wood."

Silver branches came out of the thick root which seemed to have become the trunk of the newborn magical plant, the "Breath" in the terrain was absorbed by the plant to fuel its growth.

The branches continued to grow for hundreds of meters until sharp twigs came out of them and the first yellow leaves began to appear.

It took about twenty minutes for the process to be completed, a giant tree stood where there once was the forest of Silver-yellow woods, its yellow leaves filled its upper body with a blinding radiance.

The three heroic cultivators patiently watched the scene and Lord Delbert even drew the event happening in front of him on a small notebook that he had taken from his space-ring, it didn’t happen often to see the birth of a rank 5 magical plants after all.

"It seems that this path is blocked, should we explore the northern side?"

Lady Eth asked her two companions, their power could allow them to surpass the rank 5 magical plant but they could simply continue exploring the new land somewhere else, they were only the first batch of cultivators from the Utra nation.

The other two cultivators nodded, continuing in that direction wasn’t worth the risk, there had to be other paths toward the deeper parts of the new continent. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Also, their job was to secure as many resources as they could before the other forces of the continent arrived, dealing with a rank 5 existence wasn’t the best use of their time.

As for why Lady Eth had chosen the northern side, it was because the other big nations would most likely land there, meaning that they would be negating them some resources if they were to explore those areas first.

Unluckily for them, similar events happened whenever they went.

The three heroic cultivators found a pack of Silent hyenas, the pack was made by more than forty specimens in the fourth rank.

Professor Roy immediately went to analyze those magical beasts, he wanted to understand which kind of mutation that species had experienced after living on the Immortal Lands, but, while he was dissecting one of their specimens, a shockwave filled the area where the heroic cultivators were.

A rank 5 Silent hyena shot toward them at high speed, it was only thanks to Lady Eth that they managed to escape the assault of that magical beast unharmed.

Then, they found a large swamp that spread for many kilometers.

At that time, they didn’t even have the chance to near the smelly area of the swamp before toxic fumes shot in their direction.

The environment of the swamp seemed filled by so many poisonous beings that even the fumes released by the magical plants and beasts in the fourth rank were enough to make the three heroic cultivators hesitate.

Also, it was clear that stronger beings hid in the depths of the swamp.

Of course, they managed to seize some resources every time but their gains didn’t amount to much.

Then, the forces of the Empire reached the new continent, followed by those of the Papral nation.