Max Level Player's 100th Regression Episode 112

Betrayer Identification
Unlike the betrayer group, the regular group distributes experience points and gold through party hunting.

"Excluding the betrayers, there are 201 people, so it will be divided by 201 to 1."

Even without calculating, it can be understood that they receive experience points worse than worthless.

"Well, if a player dies midway, the remaining share will increase, but..."

Since it's a relatively easy orc, there isn't much danger.

If we divide the 4,600 enemies that come out in the attack by 201 to 1...

"I get the same experience points as killing 20 alone."

This means that the experience gained is not that much.

If we go through 30 waves to the destination, we'll at most kill 600 and be done.

"But when we reach the destination, we'll receive quite a bit of group experience points as well."

The core of the escort quest lies in the experience points reward received at the end.

"If we escort, we'll receive double the experience points we gained while killing."

In other words, it's an additional 1,200 experience points for 1,200 kills.

There was a reason why Ryu Min mentioned that a player who reaches level 40 will appear.

"Of course, it's something that can only be achieved by actively participating at the top of humanity."

Wasn't An Sang-chul's decision to go to the top of humanity due to his desire for level 40?

At level 34 currently, he should have been able to clear the top of humanity.

"At this rate, I'll easily surpass level 60 and still have plenty left."

Even though he has only completed one wave, Ryu Min has reached level 55.

One level increased with each wave.

"If I survive the remaining 29 attacks, I'll easily surpass level 60."

It is inevitable for Ryu Min, as he has an experience point buff.

A 3x buff limited to round 8 and a 1.5x buff that comes with the title.

With a total increase of 4.5 times, he can't help but be ahead of others.

"Besides, I'm not even in a party."

Since it was a betrayer group where soloing was possible, the experience points and gold for the 463 kills he just made came in fully.

"I guess other betrayers didn't kill as much as I did?"

"Even if I try to hunt a lot alone, it might not even reach 50, huh? No matter how easy it is to deal with orcs, I won't be able to handle more than that in one shot.

'Still, since I've got my head screwed on, those betrayers should also consider the cost and benefit.'

Unless you're a fool, you've probably already realized that the experience gained from soloing is quite abundant.

'It might be a shame to complete the quest early.'

If I block the top and complete the quest, there won't be any experience coming in, so it might be regrettable.

'Since I'm already facing relatively easy orcs, I want to level up a bit.'

While thinking about that, the dwarf shouted, "Let's set off again!"

The carriage started moving.

Clatter, clatter, clatter.

But even that was short-lived. About 10 minutes later, the second wave began.

"These crazy pig bastards! Are they showing up already?"

"We couldn't even rest for long."

Players complained while still hunting orcs for experience.

However, some players couldn't help but lose their enthusiasm, and the reason was none other than Ryu Min's overwhelming skill.

Thunk, thunk, thunk!

Every time he swung his scythe, he cut down four at a time. Anyone would feel demoralized in the face of such prowess.

With a high level and the buff from Minjuri, it was even more so.

"Wow... When I only manage to catch one, how many does the Black Scythe catch?"

"Phew, this is really frustrating."

"If we're at this level, don't we not have to hunt?"

"Exactly? Experience still comes in even if we just stay still."

"In this case, should we try riding the Black Scythe bus?"

Some quietly stepped back with thoughts like that.

Even though they could catch more, they gave up because it was difficult.

With experience coming in just by playing around, it was inevitable to have lazy thoughts.

Ryu Min, who was hunting, observed their behavior and raised the corner of his mouth.

'In the eyes of others, I probably look like a party member. So they must be thinking of riding the bus.'

People were under the misconception that even if Ryu Min caught the monsters, they still gained experience due to the constant influx of experience messages.

'But that doesn't mean I can just slack off. Rankings are assigned based on contributions.'
ChatGPT

The ranking measurement method for this round is the total contribution.

Simply escorting is not enough to qualify for half of the category.

'Successfully escorting is just a basic requirement; the real ranking is based on how much one contributed to monster hunting.'

Therefore, sitting idly like that might make this round the last.

Seo Arin and Minjuri are also aware of this fact, so they are actively participating in hunting.

'Ah, Minjuri is an exception. She'll acquire enough contribution to pass without fighting hard.'

Before hunting, Minjuri went around finding players one by one.

The reason was simple.

It was to increase contribution by casting buffs.

"Hello, I am a Buffer. Would you like to receive a buff?"

"What? A buff?"

Minjuri gave buffs to people for free, like a missionary spreading the word.

Although it may have seemed like she was selling something to others, the actual reactions she received were explosive.

"Wow, my stats increased by 60%?"

"What? Really?"

"Is that so? Please give me one too."

"Where is it? The buff. Please give me one too!"

"Wow, my overall stats really went up?"

"Give me one too! Give me a buff!"

"Here! Anyone who hasn't received a buff?"

"Yes, I'll go!"

Minjuri, who left to rotate the buffs with a somewhat bewildered look, had done so just 20 minutes ago.

'Looking at the uproar of people shouting to get buffs, Bless is certainly a scam, isn't it?'

Minjuri was busy casting buffs for about 230 people.

Moreover, she even cast Swift, so she had to go around several more times after the short duration of 30 minutes.

"Uh, it's unexpectedly busy. Haha."

Minjuri didn't realize she would be this popular.

'Later on, it became a saying that there was no one who had only received the Buffer's buff once, even if there were those who hadn't received it at all.'

Players who discovered the existence of the Buffer would call for them whenever their buff was about to end.
ChatGPT

The way Minjuri was being called here and there may not have looked good, but it was a business that wouldn't cause any harm to Minjuri.

'Actually, it's tremendous profit. When players, whom I've buffed, defeat monsters, Minjuri also gains contribution.'

Consider taking 1% contribution from 230 people.

Even just playing around could cover the contribution.

So, Ryu Min wasn't worried about Minjuri dropping out of the round.

Seo Arin wasn't worried either.

She was using summoning skills to give protective shield buffs to allies, actively tanking, and providing assistance.

"Heuk, heuk."

After blocking the seventh assault and while players were catching their breath, the Dwarf Haimer banged on his chest and shouted.

"Have you all finished? Let's hurry, warriors of this realm!"

"Hey, Dwarf Inspirer! We also need some rest time!"

"Where's the time to rest? If you don't move right away, monsters will attack. If you want to rest, rest while moving."

Saying so, the players stood up, irritated by the sight of the dwarf mounting the carriage.

There was hardly any time to sit.

'Even if they don't know, there must be players who want to quickly kill the dwarf.'

Some players might be irritated, despite being betrayers.

The difficulty itself wasn't that hard, but it was somewhat exhausting because there was no time to rest.

It felt like marching without a break day and night.

Ryu Min, who was still energetic, hoped to keep hunting.

'Now my level has reached 59.'

Just one more level, and I'll finally reach the Master grade.

Then, normal equipment of the Master grade will appear in the shop, and I can reinforce all the unique materials I've prepared in advance.

'And I'll acquire new skills and functions.'

Both were efficient skills and functions, so I couldn't help but expect my level to rise quickly.

'By the way, when will they start taking action?'

The person Ryu Min was talking about wasn't from the betrayer group.

Someone from the normal group would take action.

If they had enough intelligence, that is.

And indeed.

"Everyone! Instead of continuing to hunt like this, shouldn't we start looking for betrayers? At this rate, we'll all fall before finding the betrayers!"
ChatGPT

People nodded their heads in agreement with someone's shout.

"Yeah, we can't just keep killing monsters like this."

"That's right. We need to find those betrayers."

"But how do we find them?"

"I have a method!"

The person who first proposed the idea continued.

"We know that the betrayers are not in a party, right? So when we stab them, they should take damage, right? Let's confirm by attacking each other. What do you think?"

"Oh, that makes sense."

"Then we can easily find them."

"Let's do that!"

Players agreed to the simple method of identifying betrayers and set out.

On the other hand, the betrayers kept their mouths shut without exception.

Even if they didn't know, their heads must have been in a mess with the thought that trouble was coming.

"Aren't those who are not speaking betrayers?"

"Hehe, seems like it, right?"

"They're probably scared. Their identity will be exposed soon."

The normal group laughed, while the betrayer group felt awkward.

Damn, what should we do? We might get caught at this rate.

Since it's come to this, we need to quickly kill the dwarf kid.

Ryu Min, who was reading the thoughts of the betrayers, happened to make eye contact with them.

Black Scythe, please take the initiative.

-Let's team up and target the dwarf. It's now or never.

Although he sent his thoughts through eye contact, Ryu Min deliberately ignored them.

'Selfish bastards. Do they expect me to advertise that I'm a betrayer?'

The turn of events was expected, but it felt a bit late.

"Those with area-of-effect skills, please use them freely towards the players."

"Understood!"

"Then let's start! Attack the person next to you!"

Players unexpectedly began stabbing each other.

Ting- ting-!

The clear sound of metal echoed here and there.

"Oh, the damage is really not going through, huh?"

"It feels like hitting a lump of iron."

"You are definitely in our party!"

But not only the clear sounds were heard.

Thunk-

"Ah!"

"What, what's going on? This person has a knife stuck in them!"

"He's a betrayer! That guy is a betrayer!"

Some betrayers, caught in the gap between players, were attacked without being able to react.
ChatGPT

"Kill them! Kill those betrayers!"

Whoosh- whoosh- whoosh-!

"Cough!"

One betrayer became a victim of the stabbing daggers coming from all directions.

There was no way for just one person to avoid attacks coming from all sides.

Moreover, these players had already committed murder in the fourth round.

They had no qualms about stabbing people.

"Alright! We've apprehended one betrayer here!"

"Here too!"

"We found a betrayer here too!"

Betrayers were being identified everywhere, and the remaining betrayers were bewildered.

"Damn it! You bastards!"

Some betrayers attacked players before getting caught.

"Thud! Hey, that guy suddenly stabbed me."

"He's a damn betrayer! Get him!"

Betrayers avoided the touch of players and ran somewhere.

Their only chance in this situation was to kill the dwarfs and complete the quest.

By doing so, they could forcefully finish the escort quest and escape from this urgent situation to save their lives.

'Kill Haimer, kill Haimer.'

Betrayers, running with murderous intent, headed towards Dwarf Haimer, who was driving the cart.

Unaware of it, Haimer shouted towards the players.

"Uh, look here. Warriors of this realm! What is happening all of a sudden?"

The situation where warriors of this realm pointed their swords at each other was simply perplexing.

He never expected that a stray spark would land on himself.

But then, turning his head belatedly, he realized.

"You little piece of shit, die!"

"Ah, no!"

At the moment when the blade was about to touch the dwarf.

Swish!

Ryu Min blocked the betrayers.

In the form of none other than Lostyark.