
ChatGPT

Title: "The 100th Regression of a Max Level Player - Episode 123"

Episode 123: "Plausible Excuses"

"Hello, Ryu Min. No, should I call you the prophet? Which one is more comfortable for you?"

Ryu Min shrugged at Kristin's words.

"You can call me whatever is comfortable for you."

"Do you have time for a brief conversation? Well, not exactly brief, but a bit longer."

"Yes. Please, have a seat, Kristin."

With Ryu Min's permission, Kristin sat across from him. Jeffrey stood guard beside them. Ryu Min's gaze naturally turned towards him.

"Why don't you have a seat too, the person next to you?"

"I'm fine."

Although Jeffrey spoke gruffly, Kristin raised her eyebrows and gave him a subtle glance.

'Jeffrey, sir? Didn't we agree not to behave in a way that makes the prophet uncomfortable?'

Seemingly understanding that look, Jeffrey cleared his throat and adjusted his words.

"If it's okay to sit, I'll sit."

"Of course. Please, make yourself comfortable. There's nothing to be cautious about."

Ryu Min seemed relaxed, but Jeffrey's expression remained stern. He was not someone who smiled easily in front of others.

Thinking that the atmosphere had become awkward, Kristin quickly introduced Jeffrey.

"This is our mansion's butler, Jeffrey. He's practically like family, having been with my father since childhood."

"Is that so?"

Ryu Min had already recognized the person. It was the assassin who had been trailing him under Nathan's orders last time.

"Nice to meet you for the first time. I'm Ryu Min."

It wasn't exactly their first meeting, but he extended his hand, deliberately bringing it up. To gauge the reaction, Jeffrey shook hands unexpectedly uncomfortably.

"I'm Jeffrey."

'Considering how uncomfortable he looks, he must have some conscience.'

Reading his thoughts, Ryu Min didn't think he was a bad person. Moreover, his unexpected feelings towards Kristin were not mentioned. Ryu Min also had no intention of stirring up trouble in this situation.

"Why did you come to Korea? Kristin? Did you come to have a date with Mr. Ma or something?"

"Well, that wouldn't be bad, but I came to meet you, Ryu Min."
ChatGPT

"Me?"

"You mentioned it before, didn't you? When it reaches Round 11, I'll be in danger."

Kristin asked with a serious expression, "I want to hear more about that. Can you tell me?"

"Hmm."

Ryu Min deliberately wore a thoughtful expression. At this moment, as the prophet, he was neither the attacker nor the defender. If he hesitated, things would only get more complicated.

Sure enough, Kristin, unable to contain herself any longer, looked at him anxiously and finally said, "I'm not asking to hear it for free. I am willing to pay a sufficient price for hearing the prophecy."

"No payment is necessary."

Ryu Min wanted her to hear the prophecy without any cost. It felt better to shoulder the burden of gratitude in his heart.

"When it involves a person's life, you cannot ask for payment."

"Oh... In that case..."

"I will tell you. I was hesitant to give more details because of the potential impact on the future, but upon reflection, I think I can share a bit more."

Ryu Min touched on the detailed aspects Kristin wanted to know.

"I don't know about the Round 11 quest. However, based on what I've seen, Kristin, there is a group that fears your existence and is trying to eliminate you."

"How do they plan to do that?"

"It's difficult to put into words. Let's just say your life is in danger."

"Does that mean my life will be saved again?"

"Yes. As I mentioned before, a savior will appear to rescue you."

"Who is that?"

Ryu Min lowered his head quietly. He couldn't openly say that the Black Scythe would save her in front of Makyeongrok. It would be too obvious a reason for jealousy.

"I cannot reveal the identity, just as before. My words could influence the future. In fact, speaking in such detail is already risky."

"But it would be better if I knew who it was..."

"If I disclose that name, the future might change. You might not be saved, and you could die."

"..."

"What's certain is that you must not miss the person who will save you at that time."
ChatGPT

"Are you telling me to cling to him?"

"If you put it negatively, yes. If you put it positively, it means continue the connection of fate. If you miss that opportunity, your barely saved life may end even before Round 15. That's all I can say."

"Hmm..."

Kristin's thoughts deepened.

'Attacked by a group that refuses to acknowledge me?'

Who would have imagined such a tragedy happening in Round 11?

"Is there no way to know who this threatening group is?"

"Yes. I cannot determine that based on the scenes I've witnessed."

Regret flickered on Kristin's face.

'I wish I knew who the threatening figure was...'

Although someone, like a prince on a white horse, is said to rescue her, it would be better to eliminate potential dangers in advance if possible.

'Or should I let things flow according to the future so that I can continue my connection with that savior?'

Wait for the crisis to pass as if waiting for a lifeline to come down?

It required courage, especially when she knew about it rather than remaining oblivious.

"Don't worry too much, Kristin. Just let things flow as fate dictates."

"But..."

"Worrying about something in the future that hasn't happened yet is as pointless as it gets. Perhaps my future prediction is wrong. The future is constantly changing based on current results."

"..."

"That's why I don't really care. I'm just giving a warning. Isn't it more important to survive the next round than to worry about what danger awaits in Round 11?"

Kristin nodded, as if acknowledging that it wasn't a wrong statement.

What could be more foolish than worrying about something that hasn't happened yet?

There was no need to cling to events that hadn't occurred.

At least for now.

"Since it's come up, let me share some information with all of you about the 9th round quest."

At those words, Makyeongrok, Kristin, and Jeffrey's attention focused on Ryu Min.

Information about the next round was what they had been waiting for.

Finally, the information they had been waiting for flowed from Ryu Min's mouth.

The attention of the three people was fixed on Ryu Min.
ChatGPT

Although they pretended otherwise, everyone seemed to be listening attentively to Ryu Min's every word.

"Hmm, Round 9 doesn't seem to be that difficult."

"That's right. If you want, you can choose an easier difficulty level and break through."

Ryu Min agreed with the people's words.

"Round 9 allows you to choose the difficulty level, just like Round 8. The choice is yours."

"If this is the main quest, what about the sub-quests?"

Ryu Min raised his head with an expression that indicated he himself was unsure.

"Unfortunately, I haven't seen that far into the future."

Of course, it was a lie.

The sub-quest had to be his own.

However, there were those who doubted that part.

"Someone who could see up to Round 11 hasn't seen the Round 9 sub-quest?"

Jeffrey said so.

Although there was a trace of dissatisfaction in his tone, Ryu Min didn't care.

After all, he was in control.

Even if he said something absurd, they had no choice but to believe him.

"The future doesn't mean I can only see scenes at the time I want. I can only see fragmentary events up to the next round or events after that."

Saying that much, Jeffrey had nothing to say.

How could one deal with being unable to see the future?

At that moment, Kristin shot a sharp look at him.

'Mr. Jeffrey, did you have to show such suspicion?'

'Sorry.'

Reading that glance, Jeffrey apologized by blinking his eyes.

'Still suspecting me.'

Ryu Min felt the need to reveal more information.

"When Round 11 arrives, players from all over the world will be mixed together. You will perform quests with players from other countries."

"Ah... Together with players from other countries?"

"So, we might all meet each other?"

"That's correct."

Ryu Min did not deny it.

Although all regions were not merging, some countries would be mixed together.

"Then, during Round 11, can we also meet a player named Black Scythe?"

Kristin's question was unexpected for Ryu Min.

Among players, there was no one who didn't know the name Black Scythe, but he hadn't expected her to show interest.

'What if I say something wrong? Makyeongrok might get jealous.'
ChatGPT

Glancing at Makyeongrok's thoughts, it seemed he had no particular thoughts yet.

He appeared to be only considering the idea of being able to see a popular celebrity.

"Of course. You can meet Black Scythe in Round 11. Mr. Ma will probably meet him even earlier."

"Me?"

"Yes. When the next round comes, all regions in South Korea will be unified."

Makyeongrok's eyes widened at the unknown fact.

"Really?"

"Yes. Due to a shortage of players, only one region will be created for South Korea. It means you can see Black Scythe, Mr. Ma, Mr. Ahn Sangcheol, and Actress Seo Arin, all in one place."

"Then, can we also see Prophet Ryu Min in the next round?"

'That's awkward. Since I'm Black Scythe.'

The words reached the tip of his throat, but Ryu Min didn't let them out.

"Of course, I can be seen as well. However, it would be inconvenient for us to meet because we are in the same region."

"Why?"

"Meeting and acting together with those who received the prophecy?"

Ryu Min subtly shook his head, as if saying it wasn't the case.

"It could potentially change the future if we meet carelessly."

It was a plausible excuse.

The words of the prophet are law.

Especially if the prophecy has been accurate 100% of the time, the belief that the next prophecy will also come true is ingrained.

There is no room for doubt.

People would simply believe, whether comparing feces to soybean paste or calling cola poison.

If you've heard the prophecy several times and benefited from it, anyone would feel that way.

"If you meet someone who has heard the prophecy, the future may change. A good excuse."

Along with the prediction that region unification would occur in Round 9, Ryu Min presented this excuse.

To prevent those who heard the prophecy from seeking him out.

"As long as I keep my mouth shut, they can never find me because my appearance is different."

He hadn't revealed his nickname so far, fearing they might want to meet.

After all, would anyone believe it if he said he was Black Scythe now?

"I shouldn't say it even if they don't believe. I have to make them firmly believe in the existence of the prophet class."
ChatGPT

Well, judging by the fact that no one seemed to challenge his excuse, it seemed like Ryu Min had already tamed them to a certain extent.

It was exactly as Ryu Min intended.

"There's no easier opponent to deceive than a firm ally."

Of course, once the number of people decreased enough to be easily noticeable, his true identity might be exposed.

"Before that happens, I need to come up with a way to hide my nickname."

The plan was already in place, so there shouldn't be any issues.

Just wait for the right moment to put it into action.

At that moment, a message arrived on Ryu Min's LostYak phone.

[The registered seller you've shown interest in has listed items for sale at PlayerPlace.]

Seeing the message, Ryu Min raised the corners of his mouth.

"It looks like Ju Sungtak has listed some items."

Curious about what item it could be, he opened the PlayerPlace app.

Entering the section for interested sellers, he clicked on Ju Sungtak's ID, revealing the items he had listed.