
ChatGPT

Title: Episode 134 of the 100th Reincarnation of a Max Level Player

Tower of Trials

Before reaching the swamp of the demon with the Lizardman,

Ryumin had left the ranks early.

With so many people around, it wasn't difficult to avoid their gaze.

"No one will notice if one person is missing."

Just in case there was a tail or someone following, Ryumin stopped and checked, but there was no one.

Relieved, Ryumin passed through the rocky crevices after a giant pair of twin saplings.

Suddenly, a suspicious cave appeared at first glance.

Without hesitation, Ryumin entered the dark cave, and an unexpected message illuminated the darkness.

[Hidden Sub-Quest Found!]

└ Find the Hidden Portal

└ Upon success ▶ Granting Potion of Indomitable Resistance

[You have completed the Sub-Quest!]

With the announcement that the quest was completed, a shimmering portal appeared before Ryumin's eyes.

A satisfied smile crept onto Ryumin's face.

"I found it. The hidden portal."

The 9th round sub-quest was none other than finding the hidden portal.

It was a sub-quest that could only be found in the Lizardman subjugation division, which had the lowest difficulty.

"I chose the Lizardman because of this. Other subjugation divisions don't have sub-quests."

At first, Ryumin didn't know the true nature of the sub-quest.

Until the angel told him after the results of the 9th round were tallied.

"I roamed every corner during each round, choosing every option from 5 to 1 in reverse order."

That's how he discovered this place, a cave near the swamp where the Lizardman resided.

Here, he found the hidden portal and was able to complete the sub-quest.

The reward was not bad either, a Potion of Indomitable Resistance.

[Potion of Indomitable Resistance]

Classification: Consumable

Grade: Legendary

Effect: Fixed resistance of 95% to fire, ice, and wind for 4 hours

Usage Restriction: Regular grade or higher

Description: An extraordinary item that pushes resistance to the limit for the three major elements. When consumed, one does not sweat even in the middle of summer, and even in the dead of winter, walking without an overcoat doesn't feel cold.

It was truly a legendary potion.
ChatGPT

It's an effective potion, but why would they give this to me?

Well, there's a reason for that.

"It's the reward given for use in the Tower of Trials here."

Ryumin looked at the shimmering portal before him.

He already knew what was inside when he entered.

Therefore, without hesitation, he took a step forward.

Ryumin's body was sucked into another dimension.

[Welcome to the Tower of Trials.] [The Tower of Trials tests the limits of players from the 1st to the 99th floor.] [In the tower, do not worry about the worldly matters as the flow of time and dimensions is not shared. Please conquer the tower to your heart's content.] [Anyone can challenge, but only one person can obtain the reward on each floor.] [If someone has already obtained the reward on that floor, you cannot obtain it even if you conquer it.] [If you die in the tower, you will be bounced back to the original dimension, and retrying is not possible.] [Well then, please, by all means! Challenge your limits!]

As explained in the scrolling text, this place is a tower that tests the limits of players.

"There are all sorts of traps and tests on each floor. Also, the rewards."

The reason Ryumin hid the existence of the sub-quest through prophecy is here.

"All the rewards are mine."

To obtain rewards up to the 99th floor, Ryumin climbed the tower.

As he ascended, the experience was refreshing.

"I failed 58 times trying to conquer the 99th floor."

Failure here meant death, but in this place, dying just meant returning to the cave where the original portal was.

It was regrettable not being able to retry.

"But I had many chances to challenge. And finally, on my 59th attempt, I successfully conquered the 99th floor."

Since then, he flawlessly ascended to the 99th floor each time, claiming the rewards.

The reward was not the Rune of Fortune that he decided to obtain in the 9th round.

"The Rune of Fortune is just an incidental reward obtainable in the upper floors of the Tower of Trials."

The 99th-floor reward was essential to confront angels, a reward that must be obtained to challenge angels.

"That's why only one person can get it."

The reason for the chaos if angels found out was right here.
ChatGPT

Ryumin didn't know why unfavorable rewards were given to angels, but...

"Good things are good, right?"

Ryumin would, as always, claim that reward.

Just like he had done so far.

Clank - Click-

As the towering door of the tower swung open and Ryumin entered, a message appeared.

[Entered the 1st floor of the Tower of Trials.] [Facing the prepared trials will reward you.] [Success in conquering the 1st floor ▶ Strength +1]

As the message indicated, the Tower of Trials had rewards on each floor.

In other words, there were a total of 99 rewards.

For Ryumin, it was akin to a treasure chest.

"But that doesn't mean I should let my guard down."

Each floor's trial was filled with high-difficulty traps.

"If it's a player entering for the first time, it will be quite challenging."

In front of Ryumin, there was only a dark passage.

As one couldn't know what would come out, it was only natural to be tense.

"But it doesn't apply to me."

Ryumin rushed forward in a single breath.

Whoosh-

A metal spike protruded from the left wall, but he avoided it as if he had predicted it.

Immediately after, another spike thrust out from the right wall, but he also effortlessly dodged it.

Next were spikes emerging from the floor.

He easily jumped over them as if he had anticipated them.

The life-or-death situations unfolded in just a few seconds.

By this point, the traps seemed as if they were designed to kill, but they were easier than expected.

"If I progressed slowly, I could have heard the sound of the mechanism turning and sensed something was off in advance."

However, Ryumin, who knew the positions of the traps, had no reason to advance slowly.

He continued to break through quickly.

[Cleared the 1st floor of the Tower of Trials.] [Strength permanently increased by 1 as a reward.] [Moving to the next floor in 10 seconds.]

Ryumin smiled as he read the message.

For someone who had surpassed the 99th floor, this was nothing.

"The next floor is the arrow trap."

In an instant, Ryumin disappeared.

Whoosh-!

Clatter-!

Chains and arrows simultaneously attacked Ryumin.

He smoothly avoided them, executing mid-air somersaults.

The floor opened, revealing a pit-like hole.

Thunk-
ChatGPT

Ryumin grabbed the swaying chains in the air, catching the next chain as he crossed over.

After clearing the pit, Ryumin landed on the ground and continued running without a break.

Having conquered and memorized the traps dozens of times, he could clearly see the locations of the traps.

[Cleared the 19th floor of the Tower of Trials.] [Agility permanently increased by 2 as a reward.] [Moving to the next floor in 10 seconds.]

While ascending to the 19th floor, Ryumin permanently gained Strength 7, Intelligence 7, Agility 7, and Luck 5 stats.

Reaching this point alone was an outstanding achievement.

"But for someone climbing for the first time, around the 9th floor might be the limit."

As the tens digit of the floor changed, the difficulty sharply increased.

In other words, from the 10th floor onward, the traps were set to be challenging for ordinary players to conquer.

"To climb from the 10th floor to the 20th floor, a player would need Agility above 150 and be at least level 50."

Therefore, for an ordinary player, reaching this point alone would be a remarkable feat.

Of course, Ryumin was not an ordinary player.

"From the 20th to the 39th floor, monsters will appear."

Reaching the 20th floor required surpassing level 50, and the monsters were not easy.

"With Minotaurs being the basic ones that appear."

For Ryumin, it was just a good experience point source.

"Also, it's a chance to stack the Slaughter Rune."

He hadn't killed enough monsters to accumulate any Slaughter Rune stacks yet.

As stacking up to 100 would double all stats, he was eager to gain the buff quickly.

"Krururur."

Even though he heard monster cries in the dark passage,

Snickering, Ryumin chuckled.

He ran with a scythe in hand, eager for the opportunity to stack the rune.

"Kwoaaack-!"

Thud-

The decapitated ogre's body collapsed powerlessly to the ground.

[You have defeated the Ogre!] [Experience points increase by 1.5 times due to the title effect.] [Experience points +5.7%] [Gold +12,000] [Current Kill Count: 200/100] [All stats are increased by 100% with the effect of the Slaughter Rune.] [Damage is increased by 15% with the effect of the Devil's Ring.]

Having just cleared the 39th floor, Ryumin opened his status window.

His level had already reached 85.
ChatGPT

The Slaughter Rune buff was stacked, and he also gained 2 stats from the Bead of Transcendence.

"In addition, I obtained the rewards for conquering each floor."

Starting from Expert-level rare equipment to unique equipment, the variety was extensive.

[Cleared the 39th floor of the Tower of Trials.] [The reward 'Trial Necklace' will be granted.] [Moving to the next floor in 10 seconds.]

Ryumin checked the rewards he received.

[Trial Necklace]

Type: Necklace

Grade: Unique

Effects: Strength, Intelligence +39

Durability: 5,000/5,000

Usage Restriction: Master grade or higher

Description: A necklace that can only be obtained by conquering the Tower of Trials somewhere in the world. Obtaining this means clearing the 39th floor.

The reward received this time was a Master-grade unique equipment.

Ryumin smiled subtly.

It seemed like a good item to use in situations where he didn't use the Bead of Transcendence.

"Now, it's the 40th floor."

Ryumin's eyes were tinged with tension.

Until now, it was just warming up; the real challenge started from now on.

Upon reaching the 40th floor, Ryumin took out the Unyielding Resilience Potion he received as a sub-quest reward.

From here on, this potion was absolutely necessary.

'Use.'

[Using 'Unyielding Resilience Potion.'] [Fire resistance fixed at 95%.] [Cold resistance fixed at 95%.] [Wind resistance fixed at 95%.]

From now on, there would be traps that couldn't be conquered without the help of the potion.

'There are traps like the entire corridor becoming as hot as an oven, a passage with a gale so strong you can't walk, or a floor testing the limits of mental strength with extreme frost.'

Even with high stats, it would be impossible to withstand elemental attacks at this level.

Originally, the environment was designed to rely on potions.

"Phew, should I give it another shot?"

Determined, Ryumin took another step forward.

At least, he had to climb up to the 80th floor.

As the concept of traps differed, the rewards varied on each floor.

[As a reward, Fire resistance increases permanently by 5%.] [As a reward, Cold resistance increases permanently by 5%.] [As a reward, Wind resistance increases permanently by 5%.]
ChatGPT

From the 40th to the 59th floor, the traps were related to elements. Consequently, rewards that permanently increased elemental resistances were given.

After completing up to the 59th floor, Ryumin checked the resistances he had gained so far.

"Fire resistance 35%, Cold resistance 35%, Wind resistance 30% have increased."

There are two types of resistances: general resistance that prevents status ailments and elemental resistance that protects against elemental attacks, such as the ones gained now. The Rainbow Effect, which raises resistance by 50%, belongs to the general resistance category.

So, Ryumin was pleased.

"Elemental resistance isn't something you can easily raise."

Items that boost elemental resistance are rare, and most of the time, players have to rely on potions. Considering this, the permanent increase in elemental resistances was a tremendous advantage.

"Now, shall we start conquering the floors in the 60s?"

From here on to the 79th floor, monsters appear again. Although not stronger, they are coordinated with traps, so some caution is required.

"I can't charge through like in the beginning."

With caution in mind, Ryumin advanced, holding a weapon.

Ryumin set the minimum goal at the 80th floor for a reason.

[Cleared the 79th floor of the Tower of Trials.] [Reward: 'Rune Fragment of Luck.'] [Moving to the next floor in 10 seconds.]

Rune Fragment of Luck.

Finally, the desired item appeared.

Ryumin used it immediately, imprinting it on his body.

[Luck Rune]

Effect: When using invisibility, completely conceals breath, footsteps, clothing sounds, etc.

It does not trigger any external factors, be it detection or perception.

If an attack is successful after invisibility, the cooldown of invisibility is reset.

A smile appeared on Ryumin's lips.

Now that he obtained the Luck Rune, perfect invisibility was possible.

"I shouldn't be satisfied here. The real challenge is still ahead."

Having reached the 80th floor, Ryumin took a moment to catch his breath before moving forward.

Now, a series of rough and challenging obstacles awaited him, akin to a comprehensive gift set of traps he had faced so far.
ChatGPT

"Since there are still 2 hours left for the duration of the elemental potion, it's sufficient to reach the 99th floor."

It wasn't as easy as it sounded.

Navigating through various monsters, storms, typhoons, frost, fire pits, and all kinds of traps, he climbed the floors.

[Cleared the 83rd floor of the Tower of Trials.] [Cleared the 87th floor of the Tower of Trials.] [Cleared the 92nd floor of the Tower of Trials.]

……………………

………………

…………

"Phew. Climbing to the 99th floor was indeed challenging, no matter how many times I did it."

Wiping the sweat off his forehead, Ryumin reached the 98th floor.

There were numerous challenges to overcome to get here.

Even the previous floor, the 97th floor, tested mental resilience through hallucinations.

Of course, thanks to the Mental Barrier Rune, he easily passed through illusions and everything else.

"Among them, the easiest floors were probably the 97th and 98th floors."

The 98th floor had similar traps, so he simply walked through them.

However, the last challenge awaited him on the 99th floor.

[Cleared the 98th floor of the Tower of Trials.] [Reward: Resistance increased by 10% permanently.] [Moving to the final floor in 10 seconds. Good luck.]

Finally, Ryumin arrived at the 99th floor.

The ultimate challenge was waiting for him.