
ChatGPT

Title: Episode 138 of the 100th Regression for Max Level Players

End of Round 9

★ Round 9 Results ★

[Entire Area]

└ 1st place: Black Scythe (Level 89 Reaper) - 1,024 kills
└ 2nd place: Thousand Horses (Level 43 Dark Knight) - 631 kills
└ 3rd place: Dung Idiots (Level 42 Shaman) - 574 kills

[Specific Area C3-ESKA001]

└ 1st place: Black Scythe (Level 89 Reaper) - 1,024 kills
└ 2nd place: Thousand Horses (Level 43 Dark Knight) - 631 kills
└ 3rd place: Dung Idiots (Level 42 Shaman) - 574 kills

Once again, Black Scythe claimed the top spot, but players were not interested in the obvious. Their focus was solely on how the rankings were measured.

"I wonder how many kills it shows..."

[Yes, you're thinking right. This time, the ranking was based on how many monsters you killed!]

"Ah... so being number 1 was the best, huh?"

"Haah... I shouldn't have picked number 3 just for fun."

"Oh no. I couldn't catch that many..."

While players lamented, the ranking messages appeared.

Players who entered the top 3,004 cheered as if in relief.

Among them, Minjuri had a relieved expression.

"I'm lucky to be in the top rankings."

Ryumin, smiling, looked at his own message.

[Congratulations! You have achieved the quest as the 1st in this area!] [Congratulations! You have achieved the quest as the 1st in the entire area!] [Currently, 'Black Scythe' is ranked 1st in the entire area and this area!] [As the 1st in this area's ranking, you will receive 'Material Item Selection Voucher' as a reward!] [As the 1st in the entire area's ranking, you will receive 'Special Reward Selection Box' as a reward!]

After reading the messages, Ryumin used the Material Item Selection Voucher.

[Choose one of the following materials.]

└ 1. Tough Magic Shell

………………

…………

└ 7. High-Quality Tough Leather

└ 8. Bubbling Solution

└ 9. Unclumped Crystal

└ 10. Horn of the Abyss
ChatGPT

Scanning through the choices, most of them seemed unique.

Of course, Ryu Min could see what seemed best in his eyes.

"Only option 7 is legendary."

Having obtained one legendary material, Ryu Min then used the Special Reward Selection Box.

[You can choose one of the following special rewards.] [Touch the reward you desire.]

└ 1. Experience x2 Buff (Limited to 10 rounds)

└ 2. Stat 50% Increase Buff (Limited to 10 rounds)

└ 3. Information for Round 10

No need for information on Round 10.

So, what do I need between options 1 and 2?

Without hesitation, Ryu Min chose option 2.

"In the next round, stats are more important than experience."

As if asking if there was a need to increase already high stats, yes, there was.

"Stats need to be high in Round 10 to gain an advantage."

That's why Min Joo-ri's buff is essential for this round.

However, it's not necessary to always bring Min Joo-ri along.

[By the way, the sub-quest for this round was finding hidden portals!]

"Hidden portals?"

"Were there such things?"

[While there was one successful player, you probably won't be interested. Anyway, it's time for it to disappear now. You've checked the rankings. Goodbye to those ranked 3,005 and below!]

"No, wait!"

"Save meeeee!"

Despite desperate pleas, about 2,000 players turned into dust and disappeared.

Previously, the disappearance of colleagues didn't evoke much emotion, as it was considered someone else's business.

"..."

"..."

However, this time, the surviving players couldn't help but feel uneasy.

Not because their comrades vanished, but because they were the last players in South Korea.

"Only 3,000 people are the entirety of our country's players."

A sigh escaped, but they didn't show it.

Surviving for now was more crucial than lamenting their fate.

◀ ROUND 9 End ▶

[Entire Area]

└ Survivors: 647,681

[Specific Area C3-ESKA001]

└ Survivors: 3,004
ChatGPT

[After a while, the soul will be transferred back to the original dimension.] [Round 10 will begin at midnight on October 1, 2022. See you in the next round. Congratulations on surviving.]

As soon as he returned home, Ryu Min's first action was to send a text to Min Joo-ri.

[Ryu Min: Joo-ri, did you survive?] [Min Joo-ri: Yep! Thanks to choosing option 1, it was easy to break through. Min, looks like you also luckily made it!] [Ryu Min: Yeah. Thinking of meeting in person to share information for the next round during lunch. Do you have time?] [Min Joo-ri: Okay, okay, sure.] [Ryu Min: Then get a good rest and see you at lunch!]

Leaving it at that, Ryu Min collapsed onto the bed and fell asleep as if passing out.

No matter how much mental and physical recovery he had, enduring 28 hours without sleep left him feeling exhausted.

After a good sleep, he woke up to find it was already daylight.

At lunchtime, Ryu Min met Min Joo-ri at the agreed-upon place.

"Joo-ri."

"Oh, Min!"

"Are you hungry? Let's go quickly."

The two headed to a traditional Korean restaurant as usual.

In the quiet atmosphere, they discussed the events of Round 9.

"Min-ah, did you get a message too? After the subjugation, it seems the mercenary rank has gone up or something?"

"Oh, I moved from apprentice to skilled, right?"

"Yeah, that! I'm not sure if it's good or bad that the rank went up."

"It's a good thing. With a higher rank, you can take on more challenging missions later."

"Ah, so you can get better rewards, right?"

"Yeah. Being a mercenary comes with privileges in that aspect. You're one rank higher than us, right?"

"Really? But Min, how do you know about this stuff? Did you find out through prophecy?"

"Of course. Am I just a prophet for show? If I didn't know these things, I couldn't even claim to be a prophet."

"Haha, you really say amusing things."

The talk about the mercenary rank wasn't a lie.

In the future, there would be occasions to experience a fantasy world like an open-world game. During such times, what if they accepted missions from the mercenary group?

They could increase their rank, defeat stronger monsters, and accumulate rewards and fame.

"At some point, you might even participate in territory battles and occasionally get called for wars."

But above all, the best thing about raising the mercenary rank was undoubtedly dragon hunting.
ChatGPT

"Dragon hunting is not for everyone. Only Master-ranked mercenaries can participate in the subjugation."

It's no exaggeration to say that dragon hunting is the reason for raising the mercenary rank.

As the mightiest monster, the rewards go without saying.

"Min, have you reached level 40?"

"Not yet. Have you achieved it? Looks like it."

"Yeah. I raised it to level 41 this time, and they gave me a protection buff just in case. I'll give you a heads-up when you go, as it's a dangerous world now."

"It is dangerous. There are only 3,000 left."

"But still."

Although they said that, the buff was what Ryu Min hoped for.

"Well, even if I don't ask, you always put buffs on me."

Next time Min Joo-ri gave a prophecy for the next round, she would always apologize and offer a set of three buffs when parting ways with Ryu Min.

That's why Ryu Min could receive the desired set of three buffs when Min Joo-ri gave the prophecy for Round 10.

"Thanks for the buffs!"

"I should be thanking you for the prophecies! Round 10 might be challenging."

"There won't be such a thing. I saw your passage through in my prophecy."

Hearing that made Ryu Min relieved. "Do you need gold, by any chance? Now that trading is possible, I can give it to you."

"No, I have plenty of gold."

"If you ever need it, just let me know. I can give you as much as you need!"

"I'll keep that in mind. If such a situation arises."

Smiling, Ryu Min shook hands with Min Joo-ri in front of the convenience store.

"I'll contact you again next time."

"Yeah. Take care!"

After receiving the buffs and returning home, Ryu Min killed 100 millipedes in the bathroom and obtained the Rune of Slaughter buff.

"Preparations are complete."

Entering the room, Ryu Min equipped himself with gear. He switched his weapon to a Death Scythe with stat options to maximize his Luck stat.

"Current Luck stat is 1,638. It's amazing."

Is it because Min Joo-ri's Blessing is enhanced to 70%?

It feels incredibly boosted.

"Now, shall we start?"

Ryu Min took out an item from his inventory. It was a pouch of endless materials received as a reward from the Akashic Record this time.

"With this Luck stat, five material items are confirmed. The issue is how many God-grade items will appear."
ChatGPT

"Bless is applied, so it's expected to yield more than before."

"I've received a maximum of 3 top-grade items so far, so I can expect 4 this time."

Even if only 3 out of 5 items turn out to be God-grade materials, it would still be a tremendous harvest.

"Use."

The pouch in Ryu Min's hand disappeared with a bright light.

[You have used the Endless Material Pouch.] [Congratulations! 5 material items have been obtained!] [Items will be delivered to your inventory!]

Expecting 5 items, Ryu Min checked the items that were delivered to his inventory.

"Huh?"

He couldn't help but be surprised at what he saw.

There were a whopping 5 God-grade materials.

"Only 5 God-grade materials? Haha..."

Moreover, there were no duplicates among the obtained materials.

Each one was unique.

Of course, the essential material for God-grade, Condensed Aether, did not appear.

It didn't appear in the previous round either.

"It doesn't matter. I have Condensed Aether with me."

He had received Condensed Aether as the first crafting reward for creating a God-grade item.

"I should make it right away since I've gathered the materials. A God-grade item."

He decided to use a Legendary weapon and fill the other parts with God-grade.

"Looking at the materials I have, the God-grade item I can make is..."

Ryu Min purchased a normal item from the store.

Then, he placed all the materials on the crafting window.

[Main Material]

Exquisite Iron Helmet

[Sub Materials]

Condensed Aether

Black Iron Powder

Angelic Golden Powder

Bubbling Magic Solution

Adamantium Steel Plate

With the available materials, Ryu Min could make a piece of equipment, and he chose a helmet.

"Like armor, a helmet is crucial."

Since armor protects the heart, and a helmet protects the head, both are equally important.

Ryu Min pressed the combine button without hesitation.

A golden light sparkled before his eyes.

[Combining God-grade item.] [It will be transformed into an item suitable for your current job.] [Combination successful!] [You have created 'Thanatos's Helmet.'] [Thanatos's Helmet]

Type: Helmet

Grade: God

Defense: 1,600
ChatGPT
Effect: All stats +50, can use the skill 'Deification.'
Durability: 20,000/20,000
Usage Restriction: Master rank or higher
Description: A helmet created using the divine power of Thanatos, the god of death. Grants additional effects when worn as part of a set.

The options on the helmet were not bad, with all stats increased by 50.

However, there was one mysterious detail.

The ability to use the 'Deification' skill.

"Probably, someone seeing this for the first time won't know what kind of skill it is. There's no explanation; it just says it can be used."

To see the skill description, the helmet needed to be worn.

Of course, Ryu Min knew without wearing it.

"Since I've created a God-grade item in the previous round."

Therefore, he was well aware of how amazing the 'Deification' skill was.

Even if there were no other options, having just the 'Deification' skill was satisfactory.

"There's no skill like this anywhere."

Satisfied, Ryu Min wore the equipment.

When he wore both the God-grade armor and helmet, the set effect was activated.

Set Effect of Thanatos's Attire (2/5)
2 Set Effect: Resistance +20%
3 Set Effect: ????
4 Set Effect: ????
5 Set Effect: ????

Resistance, known for being difficult to increase, had risen.

For Ryu Min, this was also satisfactory.

"If I wear all the items, my resistance will be quite high."

The rewards for testing the spirit on the 97th and 98th floors of the Tower of Trials were a 10% increase in resistance.

"With a Rainbow Effect of 50%, resistance obtained from the tower is a cumulative operation, so 20%, universal skill resistance of 15%, 2 Set Effect resistance of 20%, and when needed, Java's necklace 35%, Resistance Ring 35%? In that case..."

0.5
×
0.8
×
0.85
×
0.8
×
0.65
×
0.65
=
0.115
0.5×0.8×0.85×0.8×0.65×0.65=0.115

In other words, the probability of getting stunned for 5 seconds is 11.5%. Even if it happens, it will be released in about 0.57 seconds.

Resistance has increased sufficiently.

"Now, I don't have to worry about status effects."

Looking at the skill window, a temporary skill called 'Deification' was added.
ChatGPT

Ryu Min immediately checked the skill information.