
ChatGPT

Title: Episode 160 of the 100th Rebirth of a Max-Level Player

Remiel

Initially, Remiel had no intention of killing humans.

If that were the case, he would have blown their heads off immediately with 'Assassination.'

'At least I tried to have a conversation before thinking about killing.'

No player had ever reached the Akashic Records, setting a new record in history twice.

Because the human seemed interesting enough, he wanted to have a conversation and get to know more about them.

He wanted to hear the story of how they could grow so quickly.

'But.'

A spark flickered in Remiel's eyes as he glared at Ryumin.

'Dare you kill my subordinate in front of me?'

Such behavior was equivalent to a declaration of war.

It was absurd and even angered Remiel that an insignificant insect who knew nothing about the topic dared to provoke an Archangel.

'Since you've already killed my subordinates, I cannot overlook it. I have no choice but to kill you.'

Remiel, who wiped the golden blood off his face, did not take a single step.

He just stared at the human.

[Die. Human.]

He used the power of Assassination.

The authority of an angel that could instantly burst the head of a human.

However, for some reason, there was no reaction.

'What? Why?'

Upon closer inspection, the power of Assassination interfered with the human's mind.

[I don't understand why...]

The reason was not important.

'If Assassination doesn't work, I have no choice but to burn you to death.'

He pointed his finger at the human.

Zap-!

Highly concentrated lightning gathered at the tip of his finger.

'You said you were level 89, so this should be enough.'

Perhaps the human wouldn't be able to avoid it and would burn to death like a frog.

He believed so.

Until his own finger was cut off.

[What is this...!]

The guy's scythe, like a whip, stretched out and, in a moment, grew like a giant's hand.

It happened in an instant.

If he hadn't reflexively pulled back his hand, his forearm might have been severed.

'I knew weapons could extend, but I never expected them to change size.'

Aside from the pain, it was unbelievable, but there was no time to be angry.

The scythe, once again, coiled like a snake and aimed at him.
!
ChatGPT

He felt the power, but Remiel had no intention of fleeing disgracefully.

He just folded his wings to block.

He believed that this would be enough to block it.

It was arrogant and misjudged.

Swish-!

[...!]

Feathers fluttered as Remiel's wings were cut off, and his eyes widened.

It was not a damage that could be blocked.

Realizing this fact, instead of defending, he moved his body backward.

But a fight is about the flow and momentum.

Ryumin, who might miss the advantageous flow, was not someone who would let it go, perhaps for the first and last time.

Squelch- squelch!

Relentlessly pursuing, he swung his scythe.

Remiel fled backward, desperately using his wings as a shield.

'The damage is beyond imagination.'

An angel's wings become a sturdy shield the moment they are imbued with holiness.

Depending on the size of holiness, the defense is determined, and naturally, he thought it would be enough to block an attack of level 89.

However, it was a clear misjudgment.

'Is this really the skill of level 89?'

Whether you look at the damage or the movement, it wouldn't be an exaggeration to say it's level 99.

It had been proven since he killed several combat angels.

'Damn it. To be in this situation without realizing such a simple fact.'

He was complacent.

Because it was a human, because it was level 89.

Tap-tap-tap-

The feet, which were frozen like stone until a while ago, were now urgently moving to avoid a life-threatening situation.

'The sight of seven archangels being harmed by a mere human's scythe.'

If another archangel saw this, it would be a subject of ridicule.

Crackle-crackle-

[Playing around ends here.]

Electricity circulated through Remiel's entire body as he stopped his mocking laughter.

If released in all directions, the insect-like human would be turned into ashes.

There was no technique to shake off clinging enemies.

Without knowing that, the human with the black scythe rushed like a moth.

[It's over.]

Zap-zap-zap-zap!

He emitted electricity at maximum output.

There was no way to avoid it, and there was no space for that.

That's when it happened.

Thud-

Darkness swallowed the lights in an instant.

The emitted light vanished all at once, like extinguished candles in the wind.

[What...?]

There was no time for surprise.

A threatening sound, cutting through the wind, was heard up close.

Squelch-!

[Argh!]

This content may violate our content policy. If you believe this to be in error, please submit your feedback — your input will aid our research in this area.
ChatGPT

He moved his body backward, but it was already too late; two wings were severed.

Losing one wing caused him to wobble, and he couldn't regain his balance.

["You damn insect, even if you change your appearance, it won't be refreshing!!!"]

Enraged, Remiel decided to stop playing around.

This darkness didn't pose a problem for him.

Crackle-crackle-crackle-!

As if resisting the darkness, sparks violently sprang out.

While light is weak against darkness, the current darkness was an artificially created barrier.

The sparks of an archangel could not be easily swallowed by such a feeble darkness.

[Die! Human!]

Zap-zap-zap-zap-!

He attempted to kill the human by emitting electricity in all directions.

However, the guy who was swinging the scythe just moments ago was nowhere to be seen.

No sign of his presence could be felt.

'Where is this bastard...'

As Remiel was perplexed, a red gleam appeared in the distance.

"Do you even know what you just said?"

Keiiiiing-

"That's a death flag, idiot."

The human who had been making incomprehensible noises suddenly went berserk.

No, the flash he wielded covered Remiel.

'Ah.'

Instinctively, he felt the concentrated energy.

He couldn't block that.

Blocking it meant death.

He had to avoid it.

After a brief moment of judgment, Remiel, who was about to move his wings, staggered.

'This damn... Come to think of it, my wings...'

He jumped with a curse.

But it seemed like the flash had predicted that too and flew a bit higher.

Squelch-!

One wing was cut off.

If he hadn't twisted his body at the last moment, his head would have been severed.

Without a chance to curse, the second flash flew in.

One arm and wing fell off simultaneously.

During the stagger, another sound was heard.

Keiiiiing-

Squelch-!

Keiiiiing-

Squelch-!

Keiiiiiiing-

Five consecutive flashes cut off Remiel's limbs.

[Urgh...!]

He completely lost one wing, and only his torso remained, with arms and thighs severed.

Twisting and wriggling like a bug, he could do nothing but writhe.

Although it felt like he would go insane from the burning pain, the current kept stimulating him, maintaining his consciousness.

At that moment, a human with swirling black energy approached.
ChatGPT

"Even seven archangels aren't a big deal."

[......]

"The authority of lightning, the lowest-ranking among the seven archangels, Remiel. Am I right?"

Rather than being surprised by the fact that his identity was known, anger overwhelmed him.

A lowly human was looking down on him.

He, an archangel, was defeated by a mere human.

He even showed a pathetic appearance to such a lowly human.

The fact touched Remiel's pride.

["This wretched excuse for a human..."]

Crackle-crackle-crackle-

"Planning to self-destruct?"

As the intention was revealed, Remiel's output momentarily decreased.

"I was going to spare you if you did as I said. Too bad."

[Spare me?]

"Yeah, if you follow my proposal."

Remiel's current completely dissipated.

Rather than begging for his life, he felt like dying together with this human.

["I'll listen."]

"Summon other angels. You don't need many. Just bring 50 more. It would be good if they are combat angels of rank 3 or higher."

[Why do you want to summon them?]

"What do you think? To kill you."

[You're insane.]

Remiel snorted.

[Telling me to betray my subordinates. You're truly out of your mind.]

"I promise not to kill you in return."

[Ha, do you think I'd believe that?]

"Well, if you can't trust me, you might as well die now."

Seeing the human speak without any hesitation, Remiel pondered.

He had lost.

While using sparks to stop further bleeding, the danger had not disappeared.

If the human decided to behead him with the scythe, he would die instantly.

'Damn it. What should I do? Accept the proposal?'

Although his pride was wounded, it was better than dying.

If he sold out his subordinates and saved his own life?

After recovering, he could plan for the future.

He could save his own life and seek revenge.

But, if he didn't accept the proposal?

He would die as it is.

'Whether I self-destruct or do anything else, I can still cause harm to him...'

He would somehow die.

Dying in a fight against a human.

Even in death, he would likely be ridiculed throughout the heavenly realms.
ChatGPT

"What are you going to do? Decide quickly. To die or to live."

[F-Fine. I'll accept the proposal.]

"You're pretending like you didn't have a choice even though you reluctantly chose. You're in this state, but your pride is still high. Tsk."

Remiel didn't like the human's contempt, but he remained silent.

Reluctantly, because he had no other choice.

"What are you doing? Hurry up and summon them."

[Do I not get sent first?]

"Do you think I'd trust you? If I let you go now and you break the promise, what will I do?"

Ryumin threatened Remiel, holding the scythe against his neck.

Any sign of trying to escape would be met with a deadly force.

"Summon them first. After you call them, I'll send your subordinates as promised."

[And what guarantees do I have? How can I trust your word?]

"Regardless, you have to trust. If you want to live."

[......]

It's not an incorrect statement.

With a knife at his throat, Remiel didn't have many options.

"Understood. Keep your promise."

"Of course."

Remiel sent out a distress signal, calling the angels.

Shortly after, angels appeared with light, filling the space.

[Where is the Archangel?] [We came urgently when you called...] [Oh! Um, there!]

The angels were taken aback.

After all, the headless body resembled Remiel.

[I'm here.] [Oh! A-Archangel!] [What happened...? Is that really...?]

Late, the angels could recognize the black figure pushing the scythe against Remiel's neck.

Suppressing his embarrassment, Remiel spoke to Ryumin.

[These are the rank 3 angels on standby. Keep your promise.]

"Are there no higher-ranking angels available?"

[We couldn't summon 1st or 2nd rank angels. They had other matters to attend to. Currently, we can only summon up to rank 3 angels.]

"Well, then, it can't be helped."

[Now send me.]

"Fine. Promises are promises."

Ryumin waved to the combat angels, putting away the scythe.

"Hey, someone come and take your commander. He can't move alone because he has no legs."

The combat angels approached with surprised eyes.

An archangel being defeated by a human? Unbelievable.
ChatGPT

When seen up close, it was utterly gruesome.

[Archangel, excuse me.]

A cautious angel gently held Remiel.

Perhaps due to having only a face and torso, Remiel felt as light as holding a baby.

"Darn it. I'm in a situation where I have to rely on my subordinates and escape."

It was humiliating, but Remiel endured it for the sake of the future.

"The day I regenerate my arms, legs, and wings and fully recover, you will witness hell."

Even if he had to mobilize his entire army.

Even if he had to make a pact with demons.

Remiel vowed to kill the player with the black scythe, by any means necessary.

[Let's go.] [Yes, Archangel!]

The combat angel who held Remiel silently recited the spell for teleportation.

The other angels also naturally prepared to follow the Archangel and teleport.

At that moment, Remiel stopped the other angels.

[Stay here. Stay and deal with that human.] [Us? Are you sure about us?] [Yes. Only the Archangel and the one carrying me will teleport.] [...….]

For some unknown reason, the angels obeyed the Archangel's command.

[We will follow your orders.] [Yes.]

Remiel looked at the combat angel holding him and said.

[We're leaving.]

Tshoo-!

Thud-

Remiel, with golden blood covering him, fell to the ground.

At the same time, the sight of the black scythe being retrieved was revealed.

Kung-

Following that, the headless corpse, which had lost its head a while ago, slumped to the ground.

It was the angel who had held Remiel just a moment ago.

Remiel's delicate features were ruthlessly crushed.

[You! What is this!? Didn't we have a deal!]

"In the human world, there's a saying."

Ryumin cheekily murmured.

"Promises are meant to be broken."

[What?]

"I thought I would really let you go?"

The reset Ryumin, holding the scythe, approached.

"None of you will survive here. Not a single one."