
ChatGPT

Title: "The 100th Regression of a Max-Level Player - Episode 161"

Tremendous Rewards

Ryumin first encountered the seven Archangels in the 68th round.

"It was when I overcame the 15th round of the Demon Tower and massacred the angels in the 16th round."

Unable to contain his anger, Ryumin couldn't speak when faced with the suddenly appearing angel.

He was truly overwhelmed.

The creature was different from any battle angel he had seen before.

"I think its name was Micael."

He didn't even dare to think about challenging it.

At that time, Ryumin was so weak that he couldn't even break through the 99th floor of the Tower of Trials.

"Well, even after breaking through the 99th floor, I encountered it several times, but I just let it pass. There was no reason to take unnecessary risks."

However, the angel that appeared today was a disappointment.

Its abilities fell short of expectations.

"Is it because it's the bottom tier among the seven? It's weaker than I thought. Or am I just too strong?"

Ryumin didn't show mercy and attacked without giving it a chance, as he had to seize the initiative early on.

But after observing its movements a few times, he realized something.

Remiel was significantly slower and weaker than itself.

"It's a shame to kill it like this."

With that thought, Ryumin severed its limbs with a combo of Red Moon and Moonlight Isle.

He could have killed it, but he deliberately spared its life.

He wanted to attract other angels.

[Grooooan...] [Urgghh...]

The result was evident now.

Fifty 3rd-grade battle angels were scattered on the ground.

Limbs torn, most of them turned into corpses, rolling on the ground.

Some were still alive, though.

[You have defeated the 3rd-grade angel 'Roichel'!] [Stat Points +32] [Gold +327,120] [Number of Angels Defeated: 100/100] [Conditions for using 'Devil's Blessing' have been met.] [You can use 'Devil's Blessing' by memorizing the activation command at any time.]

He had just killed the last angel that was still alive.

Except for Remiel.

Now, with a total of 100 angels defeated, he could use the Devil's Blessing.

"I should save it for the next time I have to kill angels."

Ryumin looked at Remiel, who was standing alone.
ChatGPT

The figure was so pitiful that, at first glance, it seemed like a corpse without arms and legs.

"Oh no. All my subordinates are dead. What should I do?"

[You...!]

Sparks flew from the eyes that glared as if ready to kill. Despite the situation, the gaze was still intact.

"Even in this situation, you still don't know your place. Well, ruling as one of the Seven Archangels for a long time could make you like this."

[Who the hell are you? How do you have such power? Why doesn't the death sentence work on you? What's your reason for killing angels?]

Despite the barrage of questions, Ryumin twisted his lips and laughed.

The reason for killing angels? It's simple.

Because rewards come out.

"Do you not know that even the Seven Archangels drop items when you kill them?"

It was truly absurd.

The angels, who he thought were the organizers of the game, were actually being used by someone else.

"Are they being used by the system? If so, the person who created the system is likely the mastermind."

Regardless of who that mastermind was, Ryumin couldn't help but be thankful.

They had made him strong enough to confront angels.

"What's the reason?"

Ryumin's footsteps approached Remiel.

For now, it seemed more advantageous for him not to mention the rewards.

"Do you angels spout such nonsense after seeing what you've done to humans?"

[....]

"Try thinking from a different perspective. 1.8 billion humans who were living peacefully are dead. The survivors are now unexpectedly participating in a survival game. And the organizer of that game is you angels. Wouldn't you want to kill them?"

Remiel maintained silence, but Ryumin knew.

That he wasn't listening to a word he said.

-Damn. What should I do? If I see any signs of him chanting a teleportation spell, I might have to kill him immediately...

Reading his thoughts, the remaining head was actively thinking with its last bit of brain.

-How can I turn the situation around? Should I detonate all the currents and divine power as planned? That way, I might be able to minimize the damage... But then, I won't be able to bear watching that human die. Damn it.

Even without arms and legs, he was desperately trying to find a way to survive.
ChatGPT

It seems he really hates dying at the hands of humans.

"Why no response? Do you want to die?"

[...I understand. The human mindset. Yes, to your eyes, we may seem like demons. But it's inevitable.]

"Inevitable?"

[Human population is too vast. Because of you humans, the natural ecosystem is being destroyed, and resources are depleting.]

"So what? Have humans harmed your angels? No, they haven't."

[Why hasn't harm been done? Your existence itself is unpleasant to our angels, akin to pests. Isn't it the duty of higher angelic beings to control so that pests like you don't proliferate?]

...

Remiel's words were not new to Ryumin.

He had heard similar sentiments through angels before.

The reason they disliked humans.

It was the same reason humans dislike insects.

'But hearing that they did such things to reduce the human population is new.'

He gained some information.

Though it wouldn't change anything.

"Even in this situation, you don't ask for mercy, huh? It seems you really want to die."

[Who broke the agreement first? Shameless.]

"If you think like that, there's no helping it. Farewell."

[Wait a moment.]

Thunk!

He stabbed the heart.

The sound of deflating air was heard, just like when a breeze escapes.

[Keheheuggh...]
Squelch!

He swung the scythe and decapitated the head.

Reading the thoughts before death, it seemed he was frustrated about not being able to self-destruct.

'There's nothing to be frustrated about. I'm not the kind to die from such self-destruction.'

He had a title that reduced damage received from sacred attributes by 80%.

There was also a title nullifying mental attribute damage.

As half of their attacks utilizing sacred power were composed of mental attribute damage, it further reduced the damage received.

'And just in case I die, there's a title that allows resurrection.'

After a while, Ryumin's gaze shifted to a message that appeared in the air.

[You have defeated the 7th Archangel 'Remiel'!] [Stat Points +817] [Gold +8,178,000]

In came stat points and gold that couldn't be compared with ordinary angels.
ChatGPT

All of this is thanks to the Devil's Blessing.

"I was expecting the maximum stat points to be 10%, but it's only 2%? Gold can go up to 1,000 times, but it's only increased by 200 times."

For Ryumin, who had high expectations, it was disappointing.

Even though he was said to be a lower-ranked among the Archangels, it seemed his capabilities were accordingly lower.

"But thanks to this, I've accumulated an incredible amount of stat points and gold."

After defeating 100 Battle Angels and an Archangel, he gained over 3,000 stat points and more than 30 million gold.

In terms of levels, a simple calculation would mean he gained stats equivalent to around 1,500 levels, not an exaggeration.

And that's not all.

[As a reward for defeating Archangel Remiel, 'Condensed Aether' has been obtained.] [As a reward for defeating Archangel Remiel, 'Rune of Lightning' has been obtained.] [Acquired runes will automatically be engraved on the player's body!]

High-grade materials and rune rewards came out.

[Rune of Lightning]

-Effect: Summons lightning from the hands that can be used in various ways. Magical damage is proportional to Intelligence.

└ Emission ▶ Fires like a laser, dealing 1,200% magical damage based on Intelligence.

└ Charging ▶ Deals 800% magical damage and pushes enemies back more than 15m.

└ Area Discharge ▶ Emits currents in a 30m radius, inflicting 400% area damage.

└ Amplification ▶ Stores electricity in the body, increasing attack speed and movement speed by 100%.

└ Self-Destruct ▶ Releases all currents in a 100m radius, causing 3,600% area damage. The damage is also applied to oneself.

It was a rune reflecting the abilities Remiel used.

Naturally, it was a rune he had never seen before.

'The effects alone are incredible.'

He liked not only the damage but also the additional effects.

'Being able to push back enemies or increase attack speed and movement speed using currents.'

It was something Ryumin didn't have.

'Magical damage, so it's influenced by Intelligence.'

Ryumin opened his status window.

-Name: Ryumin

-Nickname: Black Scythe

-Grade: Master

-Titles: Time Reverser of the Last Hour (Public), First Angel Slayer (Hidden), Defier of Divine Retribution (Hidden), Vanguard (Hidden), Victorious Presence (Hidden), Massacre (Hidden)
ChatGPT

-Level: 89

-Occupation: Grim Reaper

-Strength: 5,743, Intelligence: 6,022

-Agility: 4,435, Luck: 4,244

-Common Skills: Tracking, Perception, Erasing Tracks, Emergency Treatment, Area Scan, Enhanced Vision, Basic Resistance, Dexterity

-Unique Skills: Seal of Death, Night of Death, Moonlight Slash, Enemy Moon

-Runes: Rune of Massacre, Rune of the Reaper, Rune of Radiance, Rune of Inner Thoughts, Rune of Doppelganger, Rune of Balance, Rune of Mental Barrier, Rune of Endurance, Rune of Future Sight, Rune of Destiny, Rune of the Devil, Rune of Lightning

-Current Gold: 32,687,000

-Remaining Stat Points: 3,049

Already, Intelligence was the highest stat.

Despite not investing much in Intelligence.

'If I find it troublesome to wield the scythe, I could fight like a magician without any problems.'

That's how overwhelming Intelligence was compared to the level.

Most high-level monsters could be easily electrocuted.

There were more messages received by Ryumin.

[The reputation of the Demon faction has significantly increased.] [The Devil's reputation for the Black Scythe has changed from 'Neutral' to 'Friendly.']

Killing Remiel not only raised the reputation score significantly but also turned it friendly in an instant.

'It feels strange to think that I'll be favored by the Demon race.'

It was natural, but in this world, there were both angels and demons.

He had met them firsthand.

'The 18th round was a quest to fight demons.'

That was when he first realized.

That demons, as portrayed in the media, weren't necessarily evil.

'It's just a difference in race.'

They were different in appearance and beliefs, but otherwise, they weren't much different from humans.

There was no significant difference.

The prejudice against angels and demons was shattered from that moment on.

'As far as I know, the demon side ranks up to 72...'

Apart from that, he didn't have much information.

There was no need for him to collect information on the demon side.

After all, Ryuumin's opponents were angels, not demons.

'Stats, gold, high-grade materials, runes, and now even reputation.'

He had gained a lot.

'Is this the end of the rewards?'

That was when it happened.
ChatGPT

[Hidden Soul Bond Quest Available!]

'A Soul Bond quest?'

A quest message appeared for the first time.