
ChatGPT

Title: Episode 169 of the 100th Rebirth of a Max Level Player

Game Friend

Ryu Min found Joo Sung-tak with Hwang Yong-min's face.

It was easy to chase him because he had a tracking skill.

"Seeing you again?"

"You, you son of a... Ugh!"

Joo Sung-tak, who rolled into the house with Ryu Min's kick, quickly adjusted his posture.

'The curse of terror!'

He cast a spell of terror with wide-open eyes, but...

[The opponent has resisted fear.] [Failed to cast the curse of terror.]

It was as useless as before.

"Don't be scared. I just came to talk."

Thud-

Ryu Min closed the front door and smirked.

But Joo Sung-tak, who felt even that sight as mockery, couldn't help but get angry.

"You're talking nonsense! Talk? What conversation from a guy who said he would kill me if we met again!"

"Oh, did my words hurt your feelings? Sorry. But you attacked me first in the sect, didn't you admit it?"

"That's BS. You're the one who did this to me... Ugh!"

As he kicked again, Joo Sung-tak rolled on the living room floor.

"Blaming others since earlier. Blaming others. Even after being treated like that in the sect, you still haven't come to your senses."

Joo Sung-tak regretted his past actions.

What more could he expect from a murderer who had killed dozens even before becoming a player.

'Keeping him alive because of his skills didn't work out. I should eliminate any potential variables.'

Seeing Joo Sung-tak, who stared at him as if ready to be killed, he was glad he followed along.

"Alright. I'll give you a chance for revenge."

"What?"

Ryu Min, who didn't reply anymore, manipulated the system window in the air.

Soon, a message appeared in Joo Sung-tak's eyes for the first time.
ChatGPT

[The opponent in front of you has challenged the duel to the nickname 'Dumb Idiots.'] [Duel type ▶ Non-lethal simple sparring] [Opponent's victory condition ▶ Touch 100 times] [Dumb Idiots' victory condition ▶ Touch any strand of hair] [Upon victory ▶ The loser becomes a slave, serving the winner for a lifetime with obedience] [Opponent's penalty ▶ Prohibition of all equipment and skill usage] [Dumb Idiots' penalty ▶ None] [Do you accept the duel under the above conditions? Y/N]

"What's this?"

Having received a duel challenge for the first time, Ryu Min kindly explained when Joo Sung-tak seemed puzzled.

He had to accept the challenge to be able to enforce the action.

"It's a function for dueling, and it's simple. If you touch even a strand of my hair, you win. Conversely, if I touch your body 100 times, I win. The loser becomes a slave to the winner, obeying their commands for a lifetime. Simple, right?"

"If I touch you even once, I win?"

"Yeah. But in return, I won't wear any equipment or use any skills."

Joo Sung-tak, scrutinizing the system window again, hesitated.

'I can make that guy my slave just by touching his hair or anything?'

It was a completely one-sided bet.

The issue was whether to proceed with the bet.

"Do you really want to duel with me under these conditions?"

"Can't you see for yourself?"

"How can I trust you? You might break your promise."

"How can I break it, you idiot. The system enforces actions like dominion."

"..."

Joo Sung-tak fell silent.

Seeing the system window pop up made it seem believable.

There seemed to be a chance of winning.

'Even if I'm a mage type, can't I touch him once while he touches me a hundred times?'

If he got hit with fear just once, the game would be over.

Of course, he had never experienced how to resist it.

'I can use the explosion of the corpse if things go wrong; there are many ways.'

Being a magic user didn't mean he only increased intelligence.

He had also invested in strength and agility because there were many situations where he had to engage in close combat or escape.

Even if that guy was fast, he was confident he could touch him at least once.

"So, what do you say? Are you going to do it, or not?"

"Why are you suddenly making such a proposal to me?"

"What else could it be?"

Ryu Min burst into laughter.

"Pity."

"What?"

"You keep struggling without any skills, so it's pitiful. I'm just giving you a chance. Didn't you know?"

"..."

"A guy who claims to have raised his intelligence is not thinking properly. Your head isn't just for decoration. Tsk tsk."

'That bastard...'

To be ridiculed like this while rising to 2nd and 3rd place in the entire region rankings.
ChatGPT

It was humiliating.

"So, what are you going to do? Are you going to speak?"

"Let's do it, you X-bastard."

[Duel has been agreed upon.] [The duel between the two will begin in 10 seconds.]

An infuriated Joo Sung-tak bit the bait.

Little did he know that the chance of winning this fight was close to zero.

'With this, I've gained one more slave.'

Ryu Min's smirk cruelly curled up at the corners of his mouth.

With a 22% decrease in the world's population, the economy shook.

The world became a frightening place to go out due to players.

The streets became deserted, and small business owners complained that their sales had dropped.

But the industry that suffered the most was none other than the gaming industry.

This was because the main users of game content belonged to the age group of 15-29.

'Popular games seem to survive, though. They continue their services.'

Even though more than half of the users had disappeared, the famous AOS game maintained its undisputed top position.

It was fortunate for Ryu Won, who had nothing to do at home.

Since he had the chance to play the games he had always wanted to try.

'But after playing games for a few months, it's getting boring.'

After spending more than nine months shut in at home, playing games like a hermit, he was now tired of it.

'Compared to before, it sounds like a spoiled complaint. But it's really tough...'

Even ordering three meals a day as a delivery became not only good but also a bad habit.

The only thing he could endure was the presence of his brother and game friends.

'If I can't make friends in real life, I should make them in games.'

He got along well with his game friends.

They responded positively to anything, never got angry, and had good gaming skills.

Playing games with that friend relieved his stress even on days when he felt depressed for no reason.

It was different from the classmates who bullied and tormented him.

Even though it was online, Ryu Won thought of them as true friends.

Until they met in person offline.

"Are you Ryu Won?"

"Yeah, are you Taewan?"

"We finally meet. Nice to meet you, you X-bastard."

Before Ryu Won could react to the sudden profanity, Taewan threw an arm around him.

The typical scent of a troublemaker wafted through the air.
ChatGPT

"Why, why are you like this, Taewan?"

"You X-bastard. Don't speak informally. I'm two years older than you, X-bastard."

"What? In the game, we're clearly the same age..."

"That's just a lie I made to get close to you. Anyway, follow me. Let's go somewhere quiet."

Taewan, with a sinister laugh, led Ryu Won away.

He tried to resist, but it was impossible. The force on his shoulders felt like carrying a boulder.

'Wait, if he's two years older than me... a player?'

A player.

And not just any player but a veteran who survived up to Round 10.

Gulp-

The tension was greater than the surprise.

Players were more dangerous than ordinary criminals.

From his actions, it seemed like there were unpleasant feelings towards Ryu Won.

'Ah... I should have listened to my brother and stayed at home.'

Regret was useless now.

Ryu Won, who believed he was going with a friend, was dragged somewhere else by that guy.

While glancing around the streets, even in broad daylight, there was no one who seemed willing to help.

"Come in, kid."

In front of the pushed Ryu Won was not a PC room but a dead-end alley.

What could they possibly plan in a place where thugs might smoke or hang out?

He didn't want to think about it.

"Why, why are you doing this, T-Taewan?"

"You punk, you're still speaking informally even though I said I'm two years older. And X-bastard, don't call my name so casually. Because it's as X as it gets."

"Why, why are you doing this..."

Smack!

His vision flashed as his head turned.

His cheek swelled, and blood trickled down his nose.

"This X-bastard needs to die. He thought we were still friends after I endured all that crap while being considerate to him?"

"..."

"Why am I doing this? Don't know? Well, you probably wouldn't. I acted so damn well. Enduring the desire to tear you and your brother apart while pretending."

"My... brother?"

He had mentioned having a brother in the game, but he never went into detail.

Naturally, he never introduced Ryu Won to his brother.

With no connection, there was no reason for resentment.

"Why, what did my... brother do?"

"Heh heh, this punk still hasn't figured it out."

While Taewan's mouth was laughing, his eyes were glaring menacingly.
ChatGPT

With eyes that truly wanted to kill.

"Hey, do you know Taekyu?"

"Taekyu? Who's that..."

"Bang Taekyu, you X-bastard. Don't you remember? He was my younger brother who ended up in the hospital after getting beaten by your brother, the X-bastard, in the same class as you, 9 months ago!"

"Oh."

He remembered.

It wasn't that long ago, yet he had forgotten.

The bully who had made his school days a misery.

His name was Bang Taekyu.

"Looking at your expression, it seems you remember. I'm Bang Taekyu's brother, Bang Taewhan."

"..."

"Do you know how much I suffered to find you? I tried everything, even checked the information center, but I couldn't find you. If I had your face, I could have used the tracking skill, but there wasn't even a common photo, damn it. Fortunately, I found your game ID. Finally, we meet like this."

"So, everything you pretended to be friendly with me..."

"It was all an act, punk. To meet you offline. But why the hell did you avoid meeting a guy? Every time I suggested meeting, you said it was dangerous to go outside, you X-bastard."

Now he understood.

He wasn't a game friend or anything.

He was just a thug who approached him systematically for revenge against his brother.

"Your brother's name is Ryumin, right? Is that bastard living well? He broke my brother's fingers and arms, but is he living well?"

"..."

"Surely, he hasn't kicked the bucket yet, right? I've been waiting for the day of revenge. Huh? Answer me, X-bastard."

"..."

Ryu Won tightly sealed his lips, as if zipping them shut.

'I can never speak about my brother...'

Smack!

Until his jaw turned, before blood spurted.

"Hey."

Bang Taewhan glared at Ryu Won with a fierce look.

"Not speaking? Am I too easygoing? Seems like a joke, huh?"

Smack!

The head turned in the opposite direction.

Blood flowed from the bitten lip outside the closed mouth.

"Answer me. Is your brother still alive? If you don't answer, I'll hit you again."

"He, he's dead..."

"Dead?"

Ryu Won nodded, faking a resentful expression.
!
ChatGPT

To avoid harm to his brother, the only way was to claim that he was dead.

"Well, unless you're as talented as me, there's no way you could survive up to round 10."

Bang Taewhan, who had been nodding as if agreeing to that idea, now looked contemplative.

"So, what should I do now? I was planning to lure and kill your brother using you, but if he's already dead... does that mean revenge is off the table?"

Seeing Ryu Won appearing relieved as if giving up on revenge, it was short-lived.

"I have no choice. Since my brother is gone, I'll have to kill you instead."

"W-What?"

"What's with the surprise? If your brother did something wrong, it's only fair that his younger brother should pay the price. Don't you know the law of retaliation?"

Ryu Won, now the target, was taken aback when Bang Taewhan turned the tables on him.

"If it turns out to be a lie, tell me now. Is your brother really alive? Did he fake his death to protect himself? Huh?"

"..."

"Not saying anything? Well then, I'll have to die in my brother's place."

"W-What?"

"It's natural. If my brother did something wrong, his younger brother should take the punishment. You know the law of retaliation, right?"

Turning the focus onto Ryu Won, Bang Taewhan's sudden change in demeanor left Ryu Won bewildered.

"If by any chance you're lying, confess now. Is your brother alive? Did he fake his death to protect himself? Answer me."

"..."

"If you don't speak, then I'll die in my brother's place. Can't do it? Just like my brother suffered, I'll break your fingers and arms, and in the end, I'll snap your neck. Got it?"

"..."

"So, speak up. Where is that bastard Ryumin?"

"W-Well, our brother is..."

A sigh of relief escaped from Ryu Won's trembling lips.

"H-He's already dead..."

"Dead?"

Ryu Won nodded, pretending to look resentful.

This content may violate our content policy. If you believe this to be in error, please submit your feedback — your input will aid our research in this area.
!
ChatGPT

It was as if they were speaking as if they understood themselves.

This content may violate our content policy. If you believe this to be in error, please submit your feedback — your input will aid our research in this area.