
ChatGPT

Title: "The 100th Regression of a Max-Level Player - Episode 182"

"Kristin in Crisis"

Kristin shouted at Douglas, who was running recklessly towards her, grabbing her wrist.

"Let go of this! Why are you doing this?"

"It's dangerous! Come this way quickly!"

At the urgent cry of Douglas, confusion momentarily filled Kristin's mind.

"Weren't you trying to betray me?"

When someone who doesn't speak much suddenly behaves differently, it tends to look suspicious. Kristin thought that Douglas, who had some connection with an organization, was trying to betray her, but it was a misconception.

"He was actually trying to save me."

Just by looking at the crowd approaching and getting farther away while holding her wrist, Kristin could tell.

"Follow me quickly! We might get caught at this rate!"

"Oh, okay."

Kristin, with all her strength, broke free and ran away, led by Douglas.

Without the luxury to look back, she just ran forward without knowing what was happening.

She wanted to ask what the situation was, but there was no time for that.

She was busy getting as far away as possible from the unknown group.

Was it about 10 minutes?

Douglas finally came to a stop.

"Phew, I think we've gotten far enough. It should be difficult for them to catch up."

"Huff, haa."

Kristin, who had no strength to reply, was gasping for breath, leaning on her knees.

Still, there was some room to look around and take stock of the situation.

"Where are we?"

The place where the two caught their breath was an unknown forest.

Whether they came in any specific direction while running recklessly was unclear.

"I used the surroundings exploration, and it seems like we've successfully evaded them. Thankfully, Chris."

"Douglas, do you know who those people are?"

After a moment of silence, Douglas nodded.

"Yes. They belong to a group called the Despair Sect."

"Despair Sect?"

"A cult born with the ideology of plunging the world into despair. It's an anti-social organization with over 200 players who have joined, primarily from the United States, known for their strong negative perception of the world. The leader is a sorcerer named John Delgado."

Kristin, listening to the explanation, opened her mouth in surprise.

"H-How do you know so much in detail?"
ChatGPT

"That is..."

Douglas, who had been hesitating, confessed as if making a solemn declaration.

"The Despair Sect approached me to join."

"What? Really?"

"Yes. Do you remember a newcomer named Verberbera among those you greeted a few months ago?"

"Verberbera? Yes, I know. I greeted them today too."

"That person is an officer rising to the rank of high-ranking member in the Despair Sect. Originally, they infiltrated as a spy to monitor you, Chris."

"Oh, really?"

Kristin couldn't help but be surprised by the unknown fact.

"Verberbera... was a spy for the Despair Sect?"

Not only was she hearing about the Despair Sect for the first time, but she had never dreamt that there could be a spy.

For a moment, a sense of caution appeared in Kristin's eyes.

Could she trust the Paladin in front of her?

And he had received an offer from the Despair Sect?

Douglas seemed to sense the change in her gaze and smiled reassuringly.

"Don't worry. I pretended to accept the offer to betray you and join the Despair Sect. It was just an act to gather information on who dared to target the Holy Maiden."

"Ah... are they targeting me? Why?"

"I haven't found out the reason yet since I'm still at the bottom. What's certain is that they planned to catch you today, aiming to kill you. Just consider the fact that they mobilized 200 believers."

"So, all those people were after me to...?"

"It's probably more about dealing with your followers than directly targeting you. They might be in a fierce battle right now to get rid of them."

Upon hearing that, Kristin's mind cleared.

"I need to go back."

"Back?"

"My comrades are in danger. If I intervene, I can save them."

"No, you can't. It's too dangerous. The enemy outnumbers us at least twice."

"But...!"

"If you step forward, you might be able to change the situation. But do you think they won't notice?"

"..."

"The enemies are not fools. They will undoubtedly target you the moment they discover you. It's too risky to act now."

"I have authority over them. So somehow, I can..."
ChatGPT

"Having authority is useless against a higher-level opponent, isn't it? Moreover, you can only use it ten times. How do you plan to face 200 people?"

"..."

"Surviving here safely while observing the situation is the way for Chris to live. Do you think I ran away with Chris for no reason? If you step forward, it will only go according to the enemy's plan."

"Sigh..."

Since the words were reasonable, Kristin could no longer insist.

'Why are they targeting me? What did I do wrong...'

With a complicated mindset, Kristin wrapped her head with her hands and sat down hesitantly.

Even after careful consideration, she couldn't recall doing anything provocative. Why?

She had never even contacted the religion called the Despair Sect in the first place.

'The leader is a sorcerer? Is there such a profession?'

Perhaps the regions were different, as she had never seen him rise in the rankings until now.

'I don't know the reason, but there are people who want to kill me.'

Everything was as the prophet had foretold.

'Then the person who saves me from the crisis is...'

Kristin glanced at Douglas with hesitation.

A Paladin praised as the knight of the Holy Maiden among her comrades.

He was the white knight from the prophecy who was supposed to save her.

"Why are you like this? Did something happen to my face?"

"Oh, no. I'm just grateful."

Then she could certainly trust him.

Wasn't he acting as a double agent, pretending to join the Despair Sect even now?

Thanks to that, she had managed to escape the crisis.

"Thank you sincerely once again. Thanks to you, my life was saved."

"I just did what was natural. After all, who else would protect you, Chris? Hehe."

"Let's take a look at it again. It wouldn't be nice to have a mark on your pretty wrist."

Douglas took Kristin's hand and examined her wrist.

During that, Kristin's eyebrows slightly furrowed as his touch felt peculiar.

'What is he doing in this situation?'

A strange atmosphere was sensed.

No, it was clear he was trying to lead the situation in that direction.

"Okay? Since you're fine."

Not wanting the awkward atmosphere, Kristin withdrew her wrist as she blocked it.
ChatGPT

"..."

"..."

Suddenly, an awkward silence fell between the two.

Kristin, who originally had no interest in the man, had no reason to develop romantic feelings, even though he saved her life.

"Thank you for saving me, Paladin."

"Paladin..."

Douglas's atmosphere was peculiar.

"Why suddenly refer to me by my job instead of my nickname?"

"Yes? Well..."

"Are you drawing a line? Do you dislike calling me by my nickname even after saving your life?"

"..."

"Do you hate the idea of us evolving into lovers?"

Shouting, Douglas pushed Kristin.

"Eek!"

Due to the significant difference in strength, she couldn't help but fall.

She couldn't stop him from climbing on top of her like a beast.

"What, what are you doing!"

"Well, Xs, since it's come to this, I decided to get rid of the act."

"What are you talking about..."

Smack!

It was a slap meant to bring her to her senses, but Kristin couldn't recover from the shock for a moment.

"Hey, you Xs. I betrayed the Despair Sect and even saved your life, yet you're putting up walls? Huh? Do you dislike me that much?"

His tone completely changed, and the once gentle expression now resembled that of a villain.

It wasn't the dignified knight of the holy maiden, Paladin, but rather Douglas, using low and vulgar language and expressions.

"I'm asking, aren't I?"

Smack!

"What? Not going to answer? Does it hurt your pride? Huh?"

In this surreal situation, tears couldn't help but come out of awkwardness.

She just stared back at him with a disdainful look.

"Haha, I never expected this girl to make such an expression."

Douglas, now laughing slyly, showed a gaze filled with greed.

"I actually like it. There should be a taste of rebellion, right? Hehehe."

"...What are you saying?"

Instead of answering, Douglas used a skill.

Shrrrack!

Paladin's skill, 'Sacred Restraint.'

Golden chains emerged from the void, binding Kristin's arms and legs.

Unable to move or resist in this situation.

"Ugh, release me!"
ChatGPT

"Speaking in a commanding tone, not even a request... Let's see how long that pitiful pride of yours will last."

Douglas, who made an ominous laugh, buried his face in Kristin's chest.

"Why, why are you doing this! Please stop. We're family!"

"Hehe, family?"

Douglas sneered, lifting his face.

"Are you trying to be funny? I don't really consider those who follow me as family."

"..."

"Calling each other family just because you act like a saint and receive support doesn't mean we actually think of each other as family. We've just come together for mutual benefit. If you move with a priest, there's a higher chance of survival. You also have that kind of rune that increases experience points when helping people, right? That's why you provide free healing. Isn't that right?"

"...I knew."

"Of course. Otherwise, how could you level up with not a single attack skill? Unless you're a fool, you should catch on. In that case, family? What kind of family are those who aren't even blood-related?"

"But... we've been through rounds together. Overcame difficult situations."

"That's right. But people are more cold-hearted than you think. Even if you've been through life and death together, if there's no benefit, they're prone to stab you in the back. Just like me."

With a sinister laugh, Douglas brought his face close to Kristin's neck.

Although she shivered, Douglas enjoyed her reaction.

"Hehe, it smells nice."

"Stop doing this."

"Why stop? Do you know how long I've been waiting for this moment? It was tough pretending to endure by your side all this time."

"..."

The divine Paladin Douglas had never dreamed that he would have such dirty thoughts.

Seeing Douglas scrutinizing her with sinister eyes, Kristin's face became desperate.

She had tried to use her authority earlier, but it didn't work, as Douglas seemed to have a higher level.

"Stop! There's nothing good that will come out of this!"

"Nothing good, you say? Just wait a little. I'll let you taste heaven."

"Even doing this, do you think you'll get away unscathed? I took you away, so the Despair Sect won't let you off!"
ChatGPT

"Ah, don't worry about that. After robbing you here, if I later present you to the Despair Sect as if I caught you, there won't be any problems. Hehe."

"Do you think such an obvious lie will work? If I'm captured by the Despair Sect, I'll expose everything I heard just now. So please release me now. We can pretend this never happened..."

Kristin's words trailed off.

'He's not listening to me at all.'

With unfocused eyes, he was only looking at his own body.

He seemed to be out of his mind, exhaling excited breaths.

Kristin's face was filled with despair.

She tried to convince him in every way, but it seemed that no words would work in the current situation.

Instinct dominated the head more than reason in this situation.

"Hehehe... Fine, fine. Just stay quiet. I'll make it interesting soon..."

At that moment, Douglas's head suddenly turned to the side.

There was a third party detected in the radar.

"Who's there? What the hell..."

Douglas, who had stood up to kill the intruder, fell silent.

His expression stiffened, and shivers ran down his spine.

"Ah..."

The reason was none other than the leader of the Despair Sect right in front of them.

"You were here, you little rat."

The sorcerer, John Delgado, approached with a terrifying gaze.

'Ugh, damn, this is completely screwed.'

While cursing internally, Douglas moved cautiously, hoping to take advantage of any negligence.

"Have you come, Leader? Hehe."

"What are you doing here? I clearly ordered you to bring the saint."

"Oh, that... um..."

Douglas had no chance to answer.

Thunk!

Suddenly, an undead appeared from behind, grabbing Douglas's head.

"I don't need an answer. The price for disobeying my orders is death."

Thud...

Douglas, who had turned his neck 360 degrees, collapsed to the ground.

Simultaneously, the golden chains were released, and Kristin became free, but she couldn't move recklessly.

Unbeknownst to her, another undead, resembling a skeleton, had appeared behind her, holding a knife to her throat.

'What... What's happening? I didn't even feel any presence on my radar?'
ChatGPT

Could he have guessed Kristin's thoughts?

John Delgado murmured subtly.

"My subordinates have no physical form. Therefore, they won't be detected by the presence-detection."

"S-So, then you're Sorcerer John Delgado..."

"That lustful traitor must have blurted everything about me in the meantime."

John Delgado was a lean American with a robe and a staff, a typical wizard class.

At first glance, he seemed weak, but the atmosphere he exuded with his summoned creatures was formidable.

'Each of his summoned creatures feels as strong as a player.'

In fact, didn't Douglas easily kill some of them?

"It doesn't matter if you know my identity. You will die in my hands now, Saint Kristi."

"W-Why me..."

"You can think about that slowly in heaven."

Snap!

Whether it was a command or not, the undead raised its sword.

'Am I really going to die like this? Just like in the prophecy?'

For a moment, Kristin's vision turned white, and it wasn't an illusion.

Pzzzsh!

A white and blue beam hit the undead behind her, causing it to vanish.

In response to the abrupt death of the summoned creature, John Delgado turned his head with a frown.

Kristin, too, lifted her head in the direction where the sudden attack came from.

And she saw it.

The prince on a white horse, who would truly save her.

'Is that person... by any chance?'

A man with a giant scythe was walking towards them.