
ChatGPT

Title: "Episode 222 of the 100th Regression of a Max Level Player"

VS Uriel

Qua-qua-qua-qua-thud!

A hole opens up, with twisted trees and no end in sight.

A light resembling a small-scale war instantly engulfs the surroundings.

However, not a speck of ash stains Ryu Min's clothes.

The mercenaries are the same.

[Ha! Escaping like a rat. Like a damn mouse!]

Observing the black scythe that saved 30 mercenaries, Raguel felt a subtle sense of impending danger.

'This damn bug. How is it dodging attacks one after another?'

He vowed to kill every human, except for the one wielding the black scythe, but hasn't managed to kill a single one.

He tried techniques and personally attacked with a sword, but each time, the black scythe whisked the humans away, saving them.

As if predicting the attacks, it moved swiftly, one step ahead.

'Unlucky bastard, I have to acknowledge your speed at least.'

This can't go on.

Allowing humans to be saved any longer is against his pride.

'Let me finish them off with a big technique.'

It might result in the death of the guy with the black scythe, but who cares.

The goal is to save and bring them back, but they're all as good as dead.

If they turn out stronger than expected, he can just say he killed them.

'Whether they die in Heaven or here, it's all the same.'

Raguel spread the wings he had folded and gathered energy from all directions.

Simultaneously, he crossed his swords and raised them towards the sky.

It was the preparatory movement for using his widespread technique, [Heavenly Judgment].

'Let's see if you can save this many people at once. Heh heh.'

However, Raguel didn't know.

At that very moment, Ryu Min's stack of Hero's Runes was full.

There was no need to save any more mercenaries.

[Hero's Rune Stack: 100/100] [All stats increase by 100 with the effect of Hero's Rune.] [You can use 'Hero's Protection' by consuming 100 stacks.]

'Alright. I've stacked the runes as I wanted. Now, there's no need to just defend.'

Ryu Min's eyes, smiling slyly, turned towards the front.

Raguel was gathering energy with his raised arms.
ChatGPT

'Preparing techniques in such a vulnerable stance... Is he asking to be killed?'

There seems to be a need to make that foolish angel feel the gap in power.

Ryu Min, suppressing a laugh, flew through the air in the blink of an eye.

[Ah.]

Just before the technique was complete, Raguel, seeing Ryu Min approaching in front of him, had a shocked expression.

He probably didn't expect an attack at this timing.

"If I had only been on the defensive until now, wouldn't that have been too complacent?"

[Th...!]

In the midst of his confusion, Ryu Min's scythe slashed his waist, and Raguel split into two and died.

No, that's how it should have been, if only Uriel hadn't intervened.

Flash!

Simultaneously, Ryu Min's scythe lost its target and sliced through empty space.

Raguel, who had been in front of him, had suddenly moved to Uriel's side.

[Uriel, my lord!] [Did I step in at the right moment?] [Thank you. Honestly, I was terrified.]

Although the prepared technique was interrupted, thanks to it, their lives were saved.

"Tsk."

Ryu Min had a regretful expression, but inside, he was wearing a completely different smile.

'As expected, he knew that guy would intervene.'

Predicting that Uriel would step in if he attacked at this timing was based on the runes of foresight.

But even knowing that, Ryu Min attacked Raguel anyway.

And at a speed slower than usual, making it easy to counter.

'Killing him won't bring any rewards, and I can't kill him anyway.'

It might have seemed like a moment of hesitation, but in reality, Ryu Min had no intention of killing Raguel.

Uriel felt the same way.

After all, there was no demonic blessing.

'If I want to gain something, I have to put a demonic blessing on and then kill.'

But Ryu Min had only filled one demonic rune stack so far.

To use the blessing, he needs to capture 99 angels.

Not killing them directly, and showing a passive attitude of only defending, was all because of this.

'Can't kill when there's no gain. If I want to kill, I have to capture 99 angels, put the blessing on, and then kill.'

If he killed the Archangel now, he would be throwing away the opportunity to gain thousands of stats.

That's why Ryu Min was constantly eyeing the angels.
ChatGPT

'Then, what should I do? Should I threaten them and call the subordinates, like I did with Remiel?'

Ryu Min inwardly shook his head.

Unlike other angels, Raguel, a passionate angel overflowing with a sense of justice, wouldn't yield even to threats.

'He would choose death over compromising with a criminal.'

There's also a high chance that even Uriel, the superior, wouldn't compromise.

Contrary to appearances, he seems to have a stubborn side, like a mule.

'Even if I promise to spare them if they call their subordinates, they won't believe it.'

In the end, the method of threatening was rejected.

So, how can he make the subordinates come willingly?

'Yeah, that's a good idea.'

While devising a plan, the conversation among the angels reached his ears.

"From now on, I'll join the battle. You alone can't handle this opponent." "Haah, I was trying not to rely on the power of Lord Uriel if possible... But there's no choice."

The two angels stared at Ryu Min.

Unaware that their underestimation was based on their already finished assessment of his strength.

Swish-

Uriel pulled out a small dagger from his bosom.

At first, Ryu Min thought it might be an assassin style, but he could understand his thoughts after reading them.

'He's not an assassin. He's a mage.'

Indeed, the gem embedded in the dagger began to shine, and deformed characters started swirling.

Ryu Min, seeing through the spell with his thoughts, flew away.

Terrifyingly, a golden scroll swiftly covered the spot where he had been.

Quajajajak-!

Instead of Ryu Min, the bound trees shattered into pieces.

It wasn't a force to be underestimated, even for a scroll.

"Fast, I admit. But..."

Uriel recited another spell.

"You can't stop this, right?"

The dagger, glowing, left Uriel's hand.

Sweaaaak-!

The dagger, flying like an arrow, brushed past Ryu Min's head.

It almost took his head off, but that wasn't the end.

Like a boomerang, the dagger turned its trajectory and flew towards Ryu Min again.

As if it were a guided missile.

'If I can't dodge it, I have to block it.'

Ryu Min raised his scythe to deflect the dagger.

But the moment the dagger touched the scythe.

Pweeeeong!

An explosion occurred, sending Ryu Min flying far away.

"Argh."

For the first time since the battle with the Archangel began, he rolled on the ground.
ChatGPT

Looking at Ryu Min, who stood up with a frustrated expression, Uriel opened his eyes wide in surprise.

["He took a 'Explosive Dagger,' and yet there's no significant injury. How on earth is his body so resilient?"]

Uriel, who had been unaware that Ryu Min had a title reducing damage from sacred attributes by 80%, raised his hand once again.

Flash-

The dagger, thought to have disappeared with the explosion, was now in his hand, and he chanted another spell.

"He's a tough one."

Although he hadn't suffered significant damage, it was clear that he was a more formidable opponent than Raguel.

While Ryu Min targeted Uriel and chanted a spell, who he planned to attack first, Uriel approached.

In the meantime, as the technique was completed, he drew the dagger through the air.

["May your sins be forgiven through death."]

Sensing danger, Ryu Min twisted his body in a momentary instant.

Kwakwakwakwa-thud!

In a hair's breadth, a storm of light and flames swept through the Abyss of Demons.

["Dodged it? Well, as expected."]

"What?"

The dagger in Uriel's hand sparkled after finishing the double casting.

Before Ryu Min could grasp the situation, a prison of light fell from the sky.

Kwoong-!

Ryu Min, trapped helplessly in the prison, visibly panicked.

Kang- kaang-! Kang!

He tried to break the iron bars with his scythe, but not a scratch appeared, let alone being cut.

["It's over."] ["Humans can never escape from the 'Penitentiary of Heaven.'"]

Raguel and Uriel smiled as victors.

Their faces were satisfied, having caught the troublesome little mouse.

["As expected, Lord Uriel is amazing. To bind a struggling human so easily."] ["Although quick on his feet, he's fortunately dumber than expected. No, is he as foolish as I thought? Human intelligence is so predictable."] ["Kikikikikiki."]

The angels, who openly mocked the trapped rat, were only enjoying their victory for a moment.

"Transformation."

As Ryu Min's entire body turned dark, his momentum changed.

Kwang-! Kwang-!

Even the sound of hitting the iron bars was different from before.

The realization of extraordinary destructive power came after the fifth swing.

Pakang-!

Having shattered the prison, he emerged.

["Wha- what is this!"] ["The, the bug bastard is crawling out from somewhere!"]
ChatGPT

Flustered, Raguel crossed his sword to use the Divine Judgment, and Uriel began chanting a spell.

However, the distance had suddenly narrowed to the point where it could be reached with just a stretch of the hand.

[Gasp! This bug... grrr!]

Surprised Raguel twisted his body like a skewered fish when struck at the end of the staff.

Swinging the staff, it struck the back of his head with a thud, and his head hit the ground with a thump.

But perhaps it was thanks to Raguel buying time?

["Cleanse your sins with death!"]

With no time to dodge, Ryu Min was hit by Uriel's flames.

Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-thud!

Seeing that it hit accurately from the angle, Uriel raised the corner of his mouth.

[Huhuh, foolish human. In the end, you've turned into dust...]

"Who vanished?"

Uriel's smile disappeared at the voice heard from the dust.

A rectangular wall of dark shadows stood like a shield.

Sssrrrr-

As the barrier was released, the silhouette of the black scythe with no signs of life appeared.

[How, how is this possible?]

"How did I survive?"

Ryu Min stepped forward with a sneer.

"Of course, because I'm strong. Can't believe it? Try taking a hit. You'll know right away after just one. If you can survive."

Ryu Min, who explosively struck the ground, instantly grabbed Uriel's wings.

Squish-!

[Screaaam!]

As he caught them like pulling out a radish, wings and feathers fell abundantly.

Although Uriel tried to memorize a spell and create a protective light shield.

Thud- Thud-

It was insufficient to block the force of the scythe attack.

Thud- Kwajak!

[Gasp!]

As the shield shattered and the scythe came in, Uriel hurriedly shot a beam of light, teleporting his body to the opposite side.

It was almost a close call for having his neck severed.

[Urgh, try blocking this as well.]

Having cast a spell, Uriel completed and sent the Explosive Dagger that had hit Ryu Min earlier.

Pweeeeong-!

Ryu Min, who deliberately took the unavoidable guided attack, was hit head-on.

Pweeerooong!

However, this time, unlike before, not a single scratch appeared.

It was because he had already wrapped his entire body in the barrier of darkness.

"Am I a fool? To be hit again by the same attack?"

[Grrrr.]

While Ryu Min, with a relaxed laugh, was pressuring Uriel,

Chang-!

Raguel appeared unexpectedly from behind.
ChatGPT

Of course, Ryu Min, who had been reading the presence through detection, didn't intend to comply.

"Die! You vermin-like human... ack!"

After avoiding the attack, Ryu Min kicked the staff, causing the angel to fall.

"Why is it so hard to catch and devour a mere angel who's supposed to be my enemy from a past life?"

"This lowly human... guaaah!"

In an instant, Ryu Min, who seized the opportunity, forcefully pulled out the wings.

Whether Raguel screamed or not, Ryu Min pulled them out decisively and retreated as if bouncing.

The light scroll that appeared in the nick of time wrapped around the air and disappeared.

"I told you, right? I don't get hit twice by the same attack."

While Ryu Min was about to charge again, "Ah..."

Unfortunately, the transformation into the reaper was undone.

Ryu Min's bewildered expression was revealed without any filter in front of the angels.

"Oh, darn it."

Muttering curses, Ryu Min immediately spread his wings and left the spot.

Looking far away, the angels were puzzled, watching the disappeared black scythe.

"Well, what just happened? Why is that human suddenly running away? Uriel, do you know?" "I have no idea."

In the chaotic surroundings, only two angels remained.

The others had already fled.

At that moment, Uriel snapped his fingers.

"Oh! I think I know why he ran away." "What is it?" "Maybe he ran away because he was exhausted?" "Exhausted?" "Think about it. After that human's appearance turned black, didn't he suddenly become explosively strong?"]

Come to think of it, that was true.

In the chaos, there were only the two angels left, while the other humans had already escaped.

And then Uriel snapped his fingers again.

"Ah! I think I might know why he ran away." "What is it?" "Maybe he ran away because he was exhausted?" "Exhausted?" "Think about it. After that human's appearance turned black, didn't he suddenly become explosively strong?"]

Come to think of it, that was true.

[And then when the transformation was undone, he ran away in panic, right?" "Ah... so?" "Yeah. He ran away because he was exhausted. Once the ability to transform into black is released, he probably judged that he couldn't handle both of us."

Now that he understood, Raguel nodded his head.

[In that case, now's our chance. Let's find that pest and kill him quickly.] [I'd like to, but as you can see, both of us have lost one wing.]
ChatGPT

Due to the loss of flying ability, the angels had no choice but to watch Ryu Min like dogs chasing a chicken.

"Ugh... darn it! Just when the rare opportunity has come, I have to miss it by opening my eyes!"

"Don't be so disheartened, Raguel. There is a way."

At the mention of a way, Raguel calmed down.

"What kind of method is it?"

"We're requesting support. Immediately contact Heaven and deal with him together."

"What? But if the higher-ups find out, it'll be embarrassing for us..."

"Who says they need to know? Obviously, we need to call for reinforcements secretly. Call upon angels below the 4th rank. That way, even if we capture the Black Scythe, we can handle it as our achievement. It's obvious that it won't reach the ears of the higher-ups."

"Oh, is there such a method..."

Certainly, if angels of the 4th rank and below were utilized, they could discreetly handle the aftermath without the knowledge of the Archangels.

"I will immediately send a request for support. How many should I call?"

"When the guy didn't turn black, his abilities were almost equivalent to ours. In that sense, we might not need too many forces."

"But what if he transforms into black again?"

"Then we would be in danger."

The destructive power when transformed into black was dimensionally different from when not transformed. Calling too few might lead to unforeseen consequences.

"What should we do then? How many should we call?"

"Hmm..."

After careful consideration, Uriel sighed and said, "What can we do? We have to call as many as possible."