
ChatGPT

Title: "The 100th Regression of a Max Level Player - Episode 285"

Episode 285: Ryu Min's Proposal

[Proposal? How dare you?]

The one who was angered by the human's proposal was not Plunictos. It was Baal, who stood by his side wearing transparency.

Although a demon appeared unexpectedly, Ryu Min was not taken aback. He had already sensed the presence through his perception.

[Daring to propose to the Great Lord about a human matter? This human doesn't even know the subject!] [Baal.]

Plunictos rebuked with a calm yet majestic expression.

[Calm down your excitement. And who said anyone could release transparency at will?] [I apologize. But that wretched human spoke nonsensical words...] [Yet, I did not command interference. Nor did I order a retort.]

Baal, belatedly realizing his mistake, bowed his head.

[My apologies. I will accept the punishment...] [That's enough. To think of retribution for such a trivial matter. It's not worth it. In fact, you haven't said anything wrong if you think about it.]

Plunictos spoke thus, looking down at the small human at his feet with a more absurd and contemptuous gaze than ever.

[An insignificant human proposing to me. The more I think about it, the more absurd it becomes. Are you forgetting your position?]

"Whether that's true or not, you won't know until you hear it, right?"

[Very well. Speak, then. What proposal do you want to make?]

"I'll kill the angels for you. Especially Michael; I'll cut off his breath for sure. Anyway, you can't directly intervene according to the rules, can you?"

[Hmph.]

Plunictos snorted.

[Kill the angels for me? Is that all you've got?]

"It shouldn't be bad, right? If I kill angels, especially Michael, more decisively, we can have a better chance of winning the war, can't we?"

[You can win the war without killing Michael.]

"Are you sure? Michael thought there was a possibility if he could delay the time. That's why he tried to postpone the war by transferring the authority of the Akashic Records."

[Even if delayed, it only postpones defeat. Whether you look at it in numbers or skills, our demon forces are far superior at the moment.]
ChatGPT

"However, since you handed me over as promised, the war won't be delayed, right? Moreover, the opportunity for you, the Demon Great Lord, to personally manifest has probably passed. In that case, there might be a chance for the Celestials to turn the tide, right?"

[There is no such possibility.]

"Even if that's the case, it's safe to say the probability of winning in the war isn't 100%, right? If victory was guaranteed, the gods wouldn't have hesitated to bet on the outcome."

[…….]

"And in a big fight like a war, you can never ignore the variables. If there's a way to slightly increase the odds, wouldn't it be wise to give it a try? I think I would if I were in that position."

[So you're saying I should accept the proposal.]

Ryu Min nodded, and Plunictos looked contemplative.

It was a contrasting attitude to the sneer he had just made.

[I didn't see it that way, but your tongue seems sharp.]

"If it's a compliment, I'll graciously accept."

[If, as you say, Michael and some angels disappear, the tide of the war will undoubtedly shift in our favor. The more I think about it, the better the proposal sounds.]

"Is that so?"

[But can you really kill Michael?]

"Are you doubting my skills? Me, who defeated the six Archangels?"

[Leaving that aside, it's about whether you can lure Michael out. If I release you from the Demon Castle, people would think there's a catch unless they're fools, right?]

"Is there anything to lure out or not? I can just join the battlefield right now and take care of him."

[You'll kill him right now? Not after Round 19?]

It seems that killing him immediately is impossible, judging by his expression.

Ryu Min nodded, and Plunictos let out a hollow laugh.

[Do you not know the rules of the system? Or are you just a fool? You are currently employed as a mercenary by the angelic side. It means we are recognized as a party, and according to the system, parties cannot kill each other. So, don't bother asking me for favors. Even if I am not directly influenced by the system, unless you are a developer, I can't change the rules.]

"You claim to be a god, yet you know less than me?"

[How audacious, human! Where do you think you are...!]

Baal snapped, but Plunictos raised his hand to restrain him.

[What nonsense, Black Scythe. Are you saying I don't know anything?]

"You don't need to change the rules. There's an item that changes sides."

[An item that changes sides?]

"Ever heard of Faction Change Token?"
ChatGPT

Plunictos tilted his head slightly.

A reaction that indicated he had never heard of it before.

"When you reach the top rank, you can choose a special reward. I chose a temporary skill called 'Faction Change Token.'"

[I'm aware of special rewards. However, this is the first time I've heard of a reward called Faction Change Token.]

A tone of disbelief.

Ryu Min chuckled and opened the skill window.

"Alright. Would you believe me if I do it like this? [Share Skill Information]."

After selecting the skill to share and memorizing the command, an information window appeared.

[Temporary Skill – Faction Change Token]

Effect: Allows the user to change their faction from Celestial to Demon.

Upon change, demons perceive the user as an ally, and Celestials perceive the user as an enemy. Demons and Celestials also perceive each other as having swapped with the caster.

Quest conditions also change to favor a demon victory.

The skill can be reused to return to the Celestial faction.

It is a temporary skill only usable in Round 18.

Information that others couldn't see was now being shared with the demons as if revealing a secret.

[Such a temporary skill exists...]

"With this, there should be no problem killing Celestials, including Michael, right?"

[Indeed. With this alone, you can team-kill Celestials.]

"So, will you accept my proposal?"

[I haven't heard the price you want yet. It's not like you're making such a proposal without any gain, right?]

"Of course not."

Smiling, Ryu Min immediately stated his desired compensation.

"Release me in exchange for killing Michael. That's the price I'm demanding."

[Don't use me as a material, is what you're saying.]

"There are still many things I want to do."

Even a mere speck of life holds value.

Plunictos nodded as if to say it wouldn't be too difficult.

[Very well. If it can increase the chances of winning the war, I will consider it even for your soul.]

"And there's more."

[More?]

"If you could give me a reward for defeating the angels. Strengthen the blessings of the demons or receive additional rewards upon killing them. As a self-proclaimed god, you should be able to provide that much, right?"

Ryu Min had come to converse with the Demon Great Lord, but his true desired reward was this.
ChatGPT

In order to obtain additional rewards from the demons.

The reason Ryu Min willingly entered the Demon Castle, even though he could have killed Michael midway, was because of the expectation of negotiating with the Demon Great Lord for additional rewards.

[Not to mention being grateful for just sparing your life, you even demand additional rewards. Haha, you're the first human I've seen to have such audacity.]

"You're not just trying to deflect because you can't give rewards, are you?"

[As if. My abilities in the Demon Castle rival those of a god. I may not be able to interfere with the system, but I can certainly provide additional rewards to players. However...]

Plunictos, with a dignified expression, looked down at Ryu Min.

[I have no rewards to offer to such a insignificant human. Be grateful for simply being spared.]

"It's a bit disappointing. If it goes like this, I might not feel like killing angels, and then I might not be able to keep my promise, you know?"

[Are you saying you'll run away if I release you?]

"I just don't feel motivated, that's all. If the owner who used to threaten to turn me into dog meat suddenly lets the hunting dog catch the prey, will the dog willingly catch it? Even if it catches the prey, shouldn't there be some reward? A reward."

[Hmm....]

Plunictos seemed to be considering Ryu Min's request as valid.

[Indeed, there should be a reward to motivate you. I should be able to send you off with peace of mind if there's a reward.]

After a moment of contemplation, as if deciding, he nodded slightly.

[Alright. I'll give you an additional reward. However, there are conditions.]

"Conditions?"

[Within this round, you must kill Michael without fail.]

"Don't worry about that. I'll kill him without saying a word."

[And take my subordinate, Baal, with you.]

The one surprised by this statement was none other than Baal.

[Great Lord? Why would you send me to such a human...?] [To monitor whether the Black Scythe properly performs his duties. Who knows, he might break the promise and try to escape?]

"I won't run away, so don't worry. Tsk."
ChatGPT

Ryu Min, sticking out his tongue, was met with a disapproving look from Baal, as if he found even that aspect distasteful.

[Great Lord, I have a duty to protect you. Please send another demon in my place...]

[I can't trust anyone else. I'm assigning this mission to you because you're ranked first. It's more certain if you go.]

[Ah...]

Perhaps pleased with the expression of trust, Baal opened his mouth for a moment before adopting a submissive posture.

[I will comply with the orders.]

Ryu Min exited the Demon Castle following Baal.

While doing so, he heaved a sigh of relief upon seeing a message.

[Returned to the location of the ongoing round.] [Disqualification has been canceled.]

'Fortunately, I managed to get out within an hour.'

Staying a bit longer in the Demon Castle could have jeopardized all the efforts he had made so far.

'I can't end my life in a place like this.'

Luckily, the negotiation with Plunictos went well.

As proof, Ryu Min had received a buff.

[Buff 'Delegate of the Demon Great Lord' is applied.] [With the buff effect, you will receive a certain amount of stat points depending on the opponent when killing Celestials.] [This is a limited-time buff effect for Round 18.]

'I don't know how much my stats will increase, but it's better than having none.'

With the Demon's Blessing added, he could obtain more stat points than before.

'Let's change the faction for now.'

Ryu Min used the temporary skill.

[Used the temporary skill 'Faction Change Token.'] [Player 'Black Scythe's faction has changed from 'Celestial' to 'Demon.'] [From now on, Celestials will perceive you as an enemy.] [Quest victory conditions have changed according to the faction change.]

Reading the message, he opened the quest window to confirm.

└Achieve victory in the war against Celestials

The quest condition had changed to facing Celestials.

'Now, I just need to change the faction and then extract stat points after using the Demon's Blessing.'

'I'm ready. It's perfect.'

It would be flawless if there wasn't the observer named Baal standing beside him.
ChatGPT

[Go to the battlefield right now and assassinate the Celestials as promised with the Demon Great Lord. Especially, you must prioritize killing Michael. I doubt if the likes of you can accomplish it, but we'll see.]

"Do you want to confirm that if you're doubtful?"

Ryu Min provoked, but Baal was the top-ranked among the 72 demon nobles, and despite appearing foolish, he was not an easy opponent.

"I have no intention of getting involved in useless fights. You're a mercenary hired by the Great Lord."

"Then you're just going to stand back and watch, is that what you're saying?"

"I have no choice. Although, if it were after Round 20, I might be able to participate in the current war according to the rules. If I were to participate, all of you players would be in for a disaster."

"Oh, is that so?"

"So, stop the long talk and fulfill the promise as agreed. If you break the promise and try to escape..."

Baal's eyes were stained with a dazzling red hue.

"Know that you will never survive."

"Well, I won't be running away, you see?"

"Do your job properly. I'll be watching in a transparent state, human."

As Baal finished speaking, he disappeared smoothly, prompting Ryu Min to grumble.

"He really talked a lot of nonsense."

Having said that, Ryu Min spread his wings and took flight.

Although not visible, he felt the presence of Baal following him.

Snick-

Suddenly, a chuckle escaped from Ryu Min's mouth.

"I wondered why the Demon Great Lord attached Baal, but it seems there was a reason for everything."

Indeed, by reading Baal's thoughts, he could discern the Demon Great Lord's intentions.