
ChatGPT

Title: "The 100th Regression of a Max-Level Player - Episode 288"

"Fluxictos"

Thud!

Fluxictos struck down forcefully on the armguard of Yeomjo.

His face, which was handsome enough to be called beautiful, transformed like that of a demon.

[A mere human like you! How dare you speak such words to me?]

A little while ago, Fluxictos, who was sharing Baal's perspective, faced a shocking situation.

—Demon Lord, watch closely. See what happens if someone tries to strike me from behind.

The human with a black scythe severed Baal's head as if displaying it.

He doesn't know how he discovered his betrayal.

He doesn't know how he realized the sharing of vision through his subordinates.

Right now, Fluxictos didn't care about such things.

'What matters is that this damned human dared to challenge me.'

To openly kill his subordinate with provocative words.

Even if it was a challenge to the gods, it was acceptable.

'How dare an insignificant human challenge the authority of the Demon Lord?'

Even if the authority of the Demon Lord has fallen to the ground, such a thing cannot happen.

Of course, Fluxictos's position is not that of the Demon Lord.

He is a demon grand duke who strictly oversees the Demon Lord.

With the Demon Lord's throne currently vacant, he is no different from the Demon Lord.

He is, in fact, the substantial ruler of the Demon World.

Isn't he in a position no different from a god in the Demon Lord's castle?

If there is a human daring to defy such a great existence?

'They must be killed. I must pull out the roots of that brat's neck, extract their soul, and make them taste eternal suffering in the flames of hell.'

Determined, Fluxictos immediately shared the command and vision of the battlefield.

It was Agaros, ranked second in the hierarchy.

— I called out as much as I could... Should I call more?

— No, this should be enough. Well done.

'Huh? What is this guy doing right now?'

As soon as he shared the vision, Fluxictos became suspicious.

Agaros was having a conversation with someone.

Who could it be that Agaros, ranked second, was using honorifics to speak with, other than himself?

He had questions, but there was no time to resolve them.

As the light flashed, nearly two thousand demons disappeared without a trace.
ChatGPT

After witnessing such an unbelievable scene, Fluxictos was speechless for a while.

"My, my precious subordinates...."

Soon after, the sight of a human smirking through Agaros's perspective entered his view.

It was the wielder of the black scythe.

"Well, the numbers are about right now. How does it feel, Fluxictos? Feeling a bit of crisis as your cherished forces die?"

At those words, Fluxictos suddenly snapped back to reality.

He had expected to observe, and yet, he killed two thousand soldiers?

The meaning was clear.

A threat.

The wielder of the black scythe was currently threatening him.

Saying, "See what happens if you mess with me."

"This... insolent human...!"

Fluxictos couldn't contain his anger, but all he could do was watch.

Leaving the Demon Lord's castle meant losing the power equivalent to that of a god.

No matter how mighty, even he could be in danger against the attacks of mere creatures.

"But I can't just stand idly by. I must kill that guy right away!"

He tried to immediately convey his orders to Agaros using the authority of the gods, but the voice of the wielder of the black scythe was faster.

"Can't do anything, and it's frustrating, huh? No need to get all worked up. I'll come your way as you wish. So, just sit tight in the Demon Lord's castle and wait."

With those words, the perspective turned around.

Agaros's head had been severed.

[....]

Like Baal, Fluxictos also lost sight, and his face turned slightly pale.

The words he just heard from the wielder of the black scythe were so unbelievable.

"He's coming this way? So, I'm supposed to wait?"

It was so absurd that he involuntarily burst into laughter.

Wasn't this like a mouse saying it would enter a tiger's den willingly?

"An ignorant human getting carried away with boasting...."

Fluxictos didn't really expect the wielder of the black scythe to actually come.

The moment someone entered the Demon Lord's castle, they were as good as a rat caught in a trap.

No one could leave the domain without his permission.

"He might come in as he pleases, but leaving won't be an option. Fool."

If he truly came on his own accord, there was no other way to describe him but a fool.

That's why Fluxictos didn't believe it.

He dismissed it as mere arrogance.
ChatGPT

Until he saw the wielder of the black scythe with his own eyes.

"Long time no see, huh?"

[....]

Fluxictos looked down at the small human, who barely reached his knees, as if in bewilderment.

"Did my reputation drop because I killed two thousand demons? When I entered, were the gatekeepers all riled up? Including that bastard Cerberus."

[...So, what did you do?]

"Well, I just killed them all. You should know, being a self-proclaimed god and all. Claiming to have complete control over the movements of your subordinates in the Demon Lord's castle. Was that all a lie? Judging by your expression, it seems that way."

[...No, it's just a bit surprising. I didn't expect you to really come.]

Fluxictos was so dumbfounded that there was no trace of anger.

[Did you hit your head on the way here? Or were you always a lunatic? How can you be so casual in the presence of a great being?]

"Your self-esteem is truly divine. Aren't you ashamed to boast about your own greatness?"

[You're arrogant. And stupid at the same time. You haven't forgotten who I am, have you?]

"Forget? How could I? You're the one trying to kill me to use as material."

For a moment, Fluxictos's eyebrows twitched.

Never before had he encountered a human so fearless in his lifetime.

[There's no need for many words. It's time to turn you into material.]

As the words ended, the demon grand duke menacingly moved his foot.

Thud!

If Ryu Min had been momentarily distracted, he would have undoubtedly been stepped on, but he easily avoided it.

However, it didn't end there; the demon grand duke's other foot moved, as if to say it wasn't over.

Whoosh!

Fluxictos, attempting to kick back, failed.

[Heh, dodging like a mosquito.]

"I'm not patient enough to entertain slow attacks."

[You're getting too cocky just because I played with you for a moment. This won't do.]

The eyes of the demon grand duke glowed red.

At that moment, an intangible force squeezed Ryu Min's body.

[It's an energy called Yeomdong Energy based on divine power. It's on a different level than the Yeomdong Energy used by ordinary angels.]

"Oh. It does feel different, indeed."

As Ryu Min continued to seem unaware of the situation, Fluxictos sighed.
ChatGPT

"Phew, there's a lot of nonsense from an untouchable subject. I'm tired of playing around now."

Fluxictos's massive hand loomed over Ryu Min's head.

"Let it be the end of your struggle."

Kwaaaang!

A sound resembling an explosion echoed through the sanctuary.

It was an easy task.

Turning an immobilized opponent into minced meat.

Driving a fixed nail with a hammer was as simple as that.

But.

[...!]

The fact that he couldn't even accomplish that simple task shocked Fluxictos.

"You talked about divine power and all, but it's nothing special."

Fluxictos's palm pressed down on the helpless ground.

Ryu Min, as if in defiance, stood atop that palm.

[When did you move? Did you use teleportation? No, more importantly, how did you release my Yeomdong Energy?]

"I just exerted force, and it came undone."

[Ridiculous!]

"If you can't believe it, try testing it again."

As if already contemplating the idea, Fluxictos's pupils flickered.

This time, he seemed determined to compress using Yeomdong Energy rather than pressing with his hand.

Kugugugugugugu-

The intangible force pressed down on the small human's body.

But that was it.

Fluxictos's boasted Yeomdong Energy was being pushed away by some force.

Nothing other than Ryu Min's powerlessness.

"What are you doing? Is this all you've got?"

[...H-how? How are you moving? How can a mere human resist divine power...?]

"I told you earlier. It works just by exerting force."

[Stop talking nonsense. No ordinary human can resist divine power, even with high stats...]

When Ryu Min raised the corner of his mouth, Fluxictos was taken aback.

[S-so, are you a god?]

"Have you been drinking? What nonsense is this?"

[Th-then how...]

"Do you want to know?"

Jumping up suddenly, Ryu Min said, "First, endure getting beaten to a pulp. Then I'll think about whether to tell you or not."

The extended scythe descended like lightning.

The scythe aimed at the demon grand duke's head ultimately couldn't reach and was blocked by an intangible shield.

With a massive sound.

Kwaaaaaang!

A crack appeared.

Crackle-crackle-crackle-!

'A shield broken with a single blow?'
ChatGPT

Fluxictos, caught off guard, quickly rose from his seat.

It was not the time to sit calmly.

For some reason, the attacks from this guy were hitting him.

'How can a mere human...?'

His pride was hurt, but it wasn't the time to save face.

Already, the second attack aimed at the opening in the broken shield was coming.

Seokeuk-!

"Groan!"

Inattentive, his shoulder was sliced.

Crimson blood flowed with an unfamiliar pain.

The crimson blood was evidence that his body had accepted the divine power.

'But why!?'

Normally, a human couldn't produce even a drop of blood on him.

But tearing the flesh and making blood flow?

There was only one possible explanation.

'That guy also uses the same divine power as me.'

Otherwise, it didn't make sense.

"Take this!"

Fluxictos conjured a whip of flames from the empty air.

It was a weapon [Branch of Ignition], a weapon rarely used.

Hwarrarr! Jjaak! Jjaak!

With each strike of the massive whip hitting the ground, flames that melted flesh flew.

"Come on! Arrogant human! Let me melt even your soul now!"

Fluxictos's thunderous roar shook the sanctuary.

'That guy seems tense.'

Watching the demon grand duke wielding the glowing whip, Ryu Min stifled a smirk.

Taking a step back and observing the situation, he could see.

The demon grand duke was terrified.

'His shield, which never broke under any circumstance, shattered at once, so it's no wonder he's scared.'

Ryu Min didn't think his attack would work.

No matter how high his stats were, he was just a human bound by the system.

Humans couldn't defeat gods.

That's what he thought.

Until he saw the reward.

└ Defeat 7 Archdemons
└ Current number of Archdemons defeated (7/7)
└ Upon success ▶ Proceed to Divine Ascension
ChatGPT

[You have completed the Soul Bonding quest.]
[As a reward for completing the Soul Bonding quest, 'Divine Ascension' will proceed.]
[Analyzing user's soul...]
[Synchronization in progress...]
[Transforming the soul into a divine nature...]
[Progress 5%...]
[Progress 26%...]
[Progress 47%...]
[Progress 68%...]
[Progress 89%...]
[Progress 100%...]
[Divine Ascension transformation process is complete.]
[Divine power is now imbued in the user's soul.]
[You can now stand on equal footing with gods.]
[A new Soul Bonding quest is available.]