
ChatGPT

Title: "The 100th Regression of a Max Level Player - Episode 290"

VS Artharos

Artharos's inner thoughts can be heard.

"Blocking my sword?"

Though inwardly surprised, he doesn't show it on his face, maintaining a nonchalant expression. Ryu Min is no different, pretending as if nothing happened.

"That guy is not to be underestimated."

In an instant, he lost track of the guy's movements. If it weren't for the runes of foresight, he might not have been able to avoid it. The sword was not only fast but also substantial.

"It's not just about speed; it's powerful too."

When he clashed with the scythe, he felt a solid impact. Power, speed – nothing seemed inferior compared to himself.

"If I do well, I might even lose my life once?"

Although he could resurrect thanks to the title of the Last Hour Reverser, he wasn't sure if he would use it this time. Honestly, he didn't feel confident about winning.

"In that case, let's give it our best shot. It's been a while."

Ryu Min, determined to kill him, infused a murderous intent into his gaze.

At that moment, Artharos, as if sensing the change, looked at Ryu Min with a start.

"[Death's Aura is activated.] [All stats of the target decrease by 50%]"

He wanted to use the Deity Transformation as well, but unfortunately, it was on cooldown.

However, Ryu Min had earned points by killing the seven Archangels and a thousand angels.

A whopping 83,961,988 stat points.

"Let's evenly distribute 20,990,497 points to Strength, Agility, Intelligence, and Luck."

As he swiftly invested the points, his stats surged unbelievably.

What was barely over 20 million stats had now risen to 170 million.

In other words, he became over eight times stronger than before.

"Amplify."

Crackling sounds -

As he applied attack speed and movement speed buffs, sparks flew from Ryu Min's body.

With all his might, he swung the scythe as he rushed forward.

Bang!

Artharos, once again surprised by the clearly enhanced strength, calmly folded his wings.

Clang! Clang! Clang!

The more he swung the scythe, the more flames erupted. Ryu Min's body disappeared, leaving only an afterimage.

However, seemingly aware of where he was aiming, Artharos calmly folded his wings.

Bang!
ChatGPT

A shield-like sturdy wing blocked the scythe aimed at the head.

Artharos, with a faint smile, immediately scattered a radiant sword energy in all directions.

Ryu Min, realizing he couldn't block them all, quickly stepped aside, but Artharos was faster.

"I can't afford to let my guard down."

Whoosh!

Suddenly, his sword from behind pierced through Ryu Min's chest.

"It's over..."

However, sensing something unusual, Artharos lowered the corner of his mouth that he was about to raise.

Instead, he wrapped his body with wings like a turtle.

Clang!

Unfortunately, Ryu Min's scythe was blocked by the wings.

A hair's breadth difference.

Artharos's response was swift.

"Did you think it was a clone?"

"Such tricks don't work on me."

"How about this, then?"

A black shadow flew with a squelching sound.

Ping! Ping! Ping!

It was a dagger of darkness that could pierce through steel plates, but in front of the wings, it was no more effective than hitting a rock with an egg.

"You're wasting your effort."

Creak!

Instead of a reply, Artharos sent a [Charge] to push away his opponent, but Artharos blocked it with his wings without dodging.

"Isn't he moving?"

Even trying the grip of death didn't change anything.

The opponent who should have been pushed away didn't move like a stubborn log.

"I tested you as my opponent in this space, but such effects are meaningless against my barrier."

"But the stat reduction seems to work well, doesn't it?"

"You're probably in the same boat, aren't you?"

Ryu Min didn't answer.

Although he didn't say it aloud, he was also reading the message that appeared in one corner.

"[Entered the Void Space.] [No external buffs are applied in this space.]"

Bless, Swift, Safety Barrier, Blessing of the Saintess, Weapon Polish, Equipment Polish, and so on.

All the buffs on Ryu Min were in a locked state.

It seemed that in the area created by Artharos, buffs couldn't be used temporarily.

"It's not just him whose stats have dropped. My stats have also fallen below half."

Fortunately, buffs received from others seemed to be the only ones not applied, while runes and self-used buffs still worked.

"What should I do? I've invested all the stats I have, but his skills are not to be underestimated..."
ChatGPT

Even without Bless, the stats exceed 170 million.

Despite increasing more than eight times compared to when all kinds of buffs were applied, the strength and speed are at an equal level with Artharos.

"No, honestly, I'm being pushed back a bit."

Having his stats reduced by half, he's still at a disadvantage?

"How high were his original stats?"

Indeed, he was a formidable opponent, even worthy of being called the ruler of the heavens.

"A worthy opponent has finally appeared."

Now that it's come to this, there's no choice.

He has to give flesh and take bones.

When Ryu Min smirked, Artharos tilted his head.

"Have you gone insane? Haven't you already confirmed the difference in skill?"

"The lengths and shortness need a closer look to fully understand."

"I'll commend your confidence. Now, it's time for atonement."

As Artharos raised his sword, Ryu Min's figure disappeared.

"I told you tricks won't work."

As he swung the sword backward,

Whoosh!

The sound of the scythe colliding with the sword was heard.

Simultaneously, transparency was lifted, and Ryu Min appeared.

Artharos, who could read the movement and accurately block the surprise attack, spoke.

"There's no need to drag this out. Vanish now."

A radiant glow burst from the sword blade.

Not only pushing away the darkness but also illuminating the surroundings as if it were broad daylight, the radiance completely engulfed Ryu Min's body.

It was an inescapable, overwhelming brilliance.

"It's over."

Watching the black scythe, infused with his technique [Extinction's Light], dissolve into nothing, Artharos slightly raised the corner of his mouth.

However,

"Hmm?"

Artharos overlooked a crucial fact.

Ryu Min had a title that blocked 80% of Holy damage.

And he also had a title that nullified mental damage contained in divine power.

"I told you."

What could be seen in the brilliance was the black scythe with the crimson eyes of [Scarlet Moon] wide open.

"You need a closer look at lengths and shortness."

Keiiiing -

The eerie sound emitted by his scythe was followed by exhaling a creepy moonlight.

A consecutive combo of Moonlight Waves was unleashed towards Artharos.

Instinctively, he who had hidden his body in his wings withdrew his action.

"This... must not be blocked."

Kwakwakwakwakwaak-!

Kwakwakwakwakwaak-!
ChatGPT

Kwakwakwakwakwaak-!

An enormous shock, so intense that it shook the Void Space, occurred continuously.

Of course, not all of these attacks hit Artharos.

Originally, for someone who could match Ryu Min's speed, dodging one of his techniques was as easy as pie.

However, seemingly aware of this fact, the Moonlight Waves cleverly approached Artharos at angles he couldn't avoid.

As a result, it succeeded in cutting through his wings.

"I could give up my wings, at least."

"But I didn't come here just for the wings."

As soon as the Moonlight Waves ended, Ryu Min appeared as if he had been waiting.

The scythe aimed for his face with terrifying speed.

Artharos tried to block with his wings, but realized too late.

Most of his wings had been cut off.

"This won't work."

Judging that he couldn't block it, Artharos twisted his head and stabbed with his sword.

The scythe grazed Artharos's cheek, cutting off strands of hair and the earlobe.

At the same time, Artharos's sword seemed to embed itself in Ryu Min's abdomen.

No, it seemed like it did.

Ping!

"The sword went off course?"

Thanks to Thanatos's Black Armor, which had a 73.7% chance of blocking, Ryu Min avoided a fatal blow and struck again with the scythe.

Sensing the cold sensation already, Artharos momentarily warped his own body.

Behind Ryu Min.

However, it turned out to be Artharos's mistake.

"I knew you'd do that."

Ryu Min, who had already been reading his opponent's thoughts, swung the scythe broadly sideways.

Artharos, trying to quickly dodge, was too late.

Swish!

A long gash appeared on his side, and crimson blood dripped down.

As Ryu Min continued to relentlessly attack with the scythe like a storm, Artharos's face twisted in dismay.

"Now's the time. If not now, I won't be able to defeat him."

Having inflicted some damage, Ryu Min stuck to him like a shadow, swinging the scythe to cut through Artharos's body.

Clang! Clang!

While blocking with the sword, Artharos retreated each time, but with every move, blood flowed profusely from the torn side.

In the cornered state, his movements began to slow down compared to before.

Clang!

When the sword and scythe clashed, Artharos took advantage of the recoil to swiftly retreat.
ChatGPT

Ryu Min had hoped to find even a brief moment to rest, but it seemed like he wouldn't allow that as he stuck to Artharos relentlessly, like a persistent shadow.

"Such a nuisance, human."

Still defending with wounds, Artharos decided it couldn't go on like this and activated a technique.

The technique called [Burning Radiance] was a buff that raised the entire body's divine power, enhancing all physical abilities by 50%.

Clang! Clang! Clang!

As the speed noticeably increased, it became challenging for Ryu Min to keep up.

Suddenly, the situation reversed.

The one being pressured now became Artharos himself.

"This is insane. He prevents the opponent from receiving buffs, yet enhances his own stats by 50%?"

Ryu Min, who had been pushed back, bit his lower lip in frustration.

If things continued like this, the outcome would be decided within seconds.

"In that case, I'll also bet on this match."

Dragging it out wouldn't be good.

He wasn't in good condition after being hit by the opponent's technique a while ago.

His entire body felt scalding, as if burnt.

With an 80% damage reduction, nullification of mental damage, and a set effect that reduced received damage by 30%, he tried various effects to reduce the damage, but it wasn't entirely blocked.

"It won't work. When he aims for the heart, I'll aim for his neck."

Struggling to block the sword, Ryu Min deliberately left a gap for the armor to be hit.

He chose to trust in the Black Armor that had a 73.7% chance of dodging the attack.

When Ryu Min exposed a vulnerability, Artharos took the bait as if nothing was suspicious.

Even reading his thoughts, there was no doubt.

"Now's the time."

Ryu Min rushed forward instead of defending, aiming for the opponent's neck while exposing his chest.

"I'll dodge it again this time."

But to his surprise,

Ting!

The sword touched his heart but deflected, narrowly avoiding a direct hit.

Fortunately.

Internally cheering, Ryu Min exerted even more force on the already moving scythe.

As the scythe had already sliced through the neck, there was no space to evade.

Swuueak!

Artharos's head fell down.

Thunk-

"It's over."

At that moment when he thought it was over.

Paahh!

Artharos was enveloped in light, and his fallen head reattached as if rewinding in time.

Ryu Min's eyes widened.

"...He has the ability to resurrect?"
ChatGPT

Reading the opponent's thoughts doesn't necessarily mean understanding all their techniques. Ryu Min never expected that Artharos would come back to life immediately.

Turning his head as if his neck was stiff, Artharos spoke with an emotionless face.

"I am under a curse. A curse that prevents me from dying, even if I'm killed."

"..."

"I never thought I'd expose my curse to a mere human..."

Artharos raised the Sword of Light.

"Since it's revealed, I can't let you live. Originally, I intended to kill you."

In an instant, Artharos disappeared.

Ryu Min turned around, suspecting an approach from behind, but all he saw was Artharos's lingering image.

"It's over here."

The moment Ryu Min turned his head.

Artharos's sword pierced through Ryu Min's neck.

No, it seemed that way.

Until the Knight's Revival Rune was activated.

"You have received a fatal attack." "The Knight's Revival Rune has been activated." "The attack is reflected."

For a moment, Artharos's eyes widened.