
ChatGPT

Title: Episode 292 of the 100th Regression of a Max Level Player

End of Round 18

Ryumin first emerged from the Demon Castle.

There were no demons blocking his way as he exited.

Because he had killed them all on his way in.

Flutter-

Spreading his wings, he flew up into the battlefield.

The war was still in full swing.

Two thousand demons clashed with two thousand angels, exchanging blows and crossing swords.

However, the numbers had not significantly decreased since he left.

"Fortunately. It hasn't been too long."

If Ryumin had remained trapped in the space created by Artaros for an extended period, he would have been in trouble.

He wouldn't have been able to end the war as he wished.

Perhaps the demons could gain momentum and defeat the angels.

In that case, as someone siding with the angels, Ryumin would face certain defeat.

Failing to advance to the next round, he would perish along with his comrades, ending in disappointment.

"That's absolutely not an option."

That's why he killed Artaros as if grabbing him by the throat.

It was a move to secure surrender from him to escape the space of nothingness.

However, Artaros's soul was more damaged than Ryumin had anticipated.

As if not expecting surrender or any kind of bargaining, he was giving up on his own life.

"How many times do you have to die to not show any attachment to life?"

Ryumin felt no sympathy for someone like Artaros.

He was simply curious, as someone who had died a hundred times and had a similar experience.

How much more death would it take to rid oneself of the lingering attachment to life?

Maybe Ryumin's future could be like Artaros's?

"No, it's not. There's no reason to die here anymore."

This was Ryumin's last chance.

If he died, it would be the end.

Therefore, he had to protect what he had achieved so far.

He had to lead his comrades to Round 20.

For that, no one could stand in his way.

Even if the opponent was a mighty god.

"Nyx... Whatever he is, the day will come when we meet, even if I don't know who he is or where he is."
ChatGPT

The only thing he knew was that the one who ordered Artaros to have him killed was a god.

"When you meet him, don't spare him. I now have the ability to kill gods too."

Dying was the same for Artaros.

Although he had only died 31 times and possessed an ability, whether it was a blessing or curse, called the curse of immortality, there should be a way.

Without the curse, it meant he would eventually die.

"Oh, and I shouldn't forget about Phlunictos."

There were many people he needed to kill, but there was no immediate solution.

For now, Ryumin had no choice but to clear the rounds as himself.

"This won't do. I need to become stronger than this."

He thought he had become strong enough, but he was still lacking.

Wasn't he almost killed by Artaros just a while ago?

"Even with stats exceeding one billion, I fell behind. It would have been really dangerous without invincibility."

He needed to prepare for when he encountered him again.

Not only that damn boundary called the space of nothingness but also the ability to slow down time.

"For now, I need to kill as many angels here as possible."

To grow stronger than now, he needed the stats of those angel guys.

[Temporary Skill: Faction Change used.] [Player 'Black Scythe' changes faction from 'Angel' to 'Demon.']

After using the faction change, he stood above the heads of the angels.

"Heavenly Judgment."

Kwakwakwakwakwa!

Using the runes of judgment, he used an area-of-effect skill, causing those within range to die in large numbers.

[Number of Angels Killed: 1,587/100]

Judging by the increase in numbers, it seemed like he had killed at least 500.

Ryumin glanced at the quest progress window.

[Remaining Population Status]

└ Angels: 1,483 (29.66% Survival)

└ Demons: 2,026 (20.26% Survival)

└ Players: 286

"I need to leave around 600 and kill the rest. As long as it doesn't drop below 10%, it's fine."

Expanding the area of the scythe, Ryumin swept the heads of the angels.

They were angels who screamed in horror at the sudden appearance of a human demon that killed them, but Ryumin was indifferent.

He only cared about the accumulating stat points.

[Number of Angels Killed: 1,764/100]
ChatGPT

[Number of Angels Killed: 2,083/100]

......

[Number of Angels Killed: 2,389/100]

......

Having cleared thousands of angels and seized their stat points, the demon's blessing stacks had been accumulating for a long time.

"About 1,400 of them killed, roughly?"

After killing almost all but leaving around 600, the stat points were pouring in massively.

Of course, the demon extermination representative buff disappeared, so there were no additional stats.

"Yet, I've gained over 60 million stat points."

Someone observing might be astonished, but Ryumin was not satisfied with this.

He immediately went to find John Delgado.

"Oh, Black Scythe?"

"Can you save the angels here?"

"Of course. As long as the corpses are intact..."

"Would it be okay if I just cut off their heads?"

"Yes. As long as the heads are nearby, they will revive."

"Good. Then save them, especially that one."

The angel Ryumin pointed to was Micael.

Although he had died with his throat cut, if resurrected, he would provide an enormous amount of stat points.

"Rise."

Woooooo-

When John Delgado used his skill, hundreds of angels stood up.

Ryumin killed them again to harvest stat points.

Even though only half of their life force had returned, it was still an amount that couldn't be ignored.

"Keeping John Delgado alive was indeed a good decision."

Having gained around 100 million stat points, Ryumin changed his faction again.

[Player 'Black Scythe' changes faction from 'Demon' to 'Angel.']

Returning to the angel team, Ryumin swung the scythe toward the demons this time.

The demons, who were carefree just a moment ago, tensed up.

"Even though you're trash who doesn't give any points...."

Ryumin's anger was directed at them.

"It can't be helped if I want to win the round."

Kwakwakwakwakwa!

It didn't take long for the demon forces to decrease to less than a thousand.

[The strength of the demon forces has decreased to 10% or less.] [The war of Round 18 concludes with the victory of the angel faction.]

With the message, the players disappeared.

It was a war that could be long or short, depending on perspective.
ChatGPT

The war between angels and demons ended with the victory of the angels.

Both sides had significantly depleted their forces, but the demons fell below 10% first, confirming their defeat.

"Well, it ended with the angels' victory? It was surprisingly nerve-wracking, wasn't it?"

Milene, an angel who came as a guide, awkwardly laughed while looking at the result screen.

It was not that she was surprised, but she had observed the entire process of the war from above.

She had seen Ryumin, whether angel or demon, mercilessly slaughtering them all.

Therefore, her voice trembled, and she couldn't help but break into a nervous sweat.

"C-Congratulations. If the demons had won, everyone might have been wiped out. You managed to survive Round 18 somehow, didn't you?"

Milene, who said this, was about to mock humans out of habit but quickly shut her mouth.

This was because the Black Scythe was glaring at her with a gaze that could kill with politeness.

"Haha... I won't speak too much since the war is over and you must be tired. Shall we check the results right away?"

★ Round 18 Result Summary ★

[Integrated Zone CA-EA001]

└1st. Black Scythe (Level 99 Death) Contribution Score 91,918,212 points

└2nd. Democracy (Level 82 Buffer) Contribution Score 291,290 points

└3rd. Krishi (Level 82 Priest) Contribution Score 210,912 points

The eyes of those who saw the results widened.

The overwhelming contribution score of the Black Scythe had captured their attention.

But attention was also drawn elsewhere.

"Oh? The Black Scythe's level..."

"Level 99?"

"If it's 99, isn't that max level?"

"When did he level up?"

People realized belatedly that he had reached the maximum level.

Regardless, Ryumin's focus was elsewhere.

└Kill 1,000 demons

└Upon success ▶ Legendary Potion Selection Box awarded

[You have completed the sub-quest!] [As a reward for the sub-quest, you receive a 'Legendary Potion Selection Box'!]

Others may not have known, but Ryumin was aware.

He knew that if he killed a thousand demons, he would acquire a sub-quest.

Of course, if other players also killed a thousand, they would receive the same reward.

It was an impossible mission unless one was as powerful as Ryumin.

"A potion box. I'll have to try using it later."
ChatGPT

Currently, Ryumin's focus was elsewhere.

It was on whether the players he valued would be annihilated or not.

"Did everyone check their rankings? Anyone ranked 143 or below based on war contributions will be annihilated. Judging by your expressions, it's clear who's facing annihilation."

People with contemplative faces were likely to face annihilation. Those sighing with relief were barely saved.

Those with bright expressions indicated they survived as a safe bet.

"Unfortunately, it's time to say goodbye. Greetings can be exchanged later in the afterlife."

As the angel finished speaking, it was eerily terrifying.

"Oh, nooo!"

"Aaaah!"

Half of the players vanished like dust.

Scanning the remaining players quickly, Ryumin felt a subtle relief.

"All my acquaintances have survived."

The deceased were nothing more than individuals who were ineffective in battles.

"The effort of sharing points with acquaintances before the round paid off."

Although he had shared points with acquaintances and even used the remaining one million points to reach the maximum level, Ryumin smiled.

While smiling, he looked at the reward message that came to mind.

[As a reward for clearing Round 18, all players will receive experience points and gold.] [Experience Points +0%] [The player can no longer increase experience points.] [Gold +6,000,000]

As the rewards were distributed to everyone, some faces lit up with excitement.

"My, my level has surpassed the 90s!"

"I'm already 95!"

"You too? Me too!"

The atmosphere, which had been somber due to the deaths of comrades, suddenly reversed.

This was thanks to the enormous gold and experience point rewards that were twice as much as the previous round.

For Ryumin, it was a reward with little significance.

"Since my experience is at the max level, and I've gathered nearly 160 billion gold just by killing angels."

Because it overflowed so much, any additional gains would be meaningless.

"But the top reward is more important."

This round had a considerable scale, and achieving first place would result in a special reward.

What Ryumin was waiting for was exactly that.

As if on cue, the reward message filled the screen.
ChatGPT

[Congratulations! You have achieved first place in this area's quest!] [Currently, 'Black Scythe' is ranked 1st in this area.] [As the 1st place reward in this area's ranking, you will receive a 'Rune Selection Voucher!'] [As the 1st place reward in this area's ranking, you will receive a 'Special Reward Selection Box!']