
ChatGPT

Title: "The 100th Regression of a Max Level Player - Episode 307"

Episode 307: "Rune of Light"

[A fortieth death has occurred.]

Even with the news that a player, already in their forties, had died, Christine remained unfazed. She didn't show any signs of unease, nor did she question why they were trying to kill each other.

Only belatedly did she come to understand the reason.

[Lucky you. Discovering two human females. How delightful!]

Gamingi, a demon ranked fourth in the hierarchy, seemed excited as he exhaled through his nostrils.

[When I offered three human females to Marbas, how painful it was. Oh, how painful.]

"...Three human females? What are you talking about?"

Though Jeffrey asked courageously, Gamingi had no intention of answering. He only felt discomfort.

[Speaking about inferior creatures like bugs. Do you even know who the being in front of you is?]

"A demon with the face of a horse."

[A horse? Treating me as equal to such an inferior creature. How ridiculous!]

He expressed excitement while being agitated, but Gamingi's appearance was unmistakably that of a horse.

There was no room for doubt.

Yet, Jeffrey couldn't refute.

The atmosphere was far from amiable.

'It's not just an ordinary demon like the one I saw in the 18th round. It's a being from a different dimension.'

Having recognized the strength, he refrained from hasty provocation.

It would only hasten death.

Moreover, weren't there people around him whom he needed to protect?

Slightly-

Jeffrey looked at Christine and Dorothy.

Christine was tense, and Dorothy had an arrow poised on her bow as if ready to shoot at any moment.

Then, Jeffrey whispered in a low voice.

Please don't try to fight if possible. We won't win this battle.

Then what should we do?

We need to escape. By any means necessary.

It doesn't seem like he'll let us go easily.

I'll try to create an opportunity.

[Ridiculous! Annoying humans. What are you whispering about?]

Perhaps irritated that they were conversing without including him, Gamingi became excited.

[I tried to kill you quickly, but it seems that won't work. I guess I'll enjoy killing you slowly.]

"Why are you trying to kill us?"
ChatGPT

Jeffrey's question was a delay tactic.

Gamingi, unaware of this fact, chuckled as if mocking the foolishness of the question.

"Well, it's because it's fun to kill."

"Is it amusing to kill humans who can't even resist?"

"Of course. Isn't it fun for you humans to kill insects? Watching them struggle while you tear off their limbs one by one, how amusing. Hehe."

While Gamingi revealed this with a laugh, Jeffrey signaled to the two women to get ready to escape.

"Could it be that the reason there are continuous deaths is because of you demons?"

"Obviously. Did you just figure that out now?"

"I didn't know."

"Our demons search for and kill humans like collecting insects. Soon, that will be your fate too."

"Can't we just pretend not to see and let us live? I'm asking for mercy."

"Mercy? Haha, demanding mercy on the topic of bugs. The only mercy I will grant you is a painless death."

"..."

"Why the grim expression? Don't like that idea? If you don't, should I tear off your limbs and let you die in agony?"

Gamingi smiled with a wicked expression while making a snorting sound.

"Of course, it's a story only for human males like you. The two human females there won't be killed by me. I have a different hobby, you see. Hehehe."

From his excited face and perverted snorting, there was no need to ask what kind of hobby he meant.

"Since it's come to this, enjoy it if you want to. Human males will die here."

"..."

"Why so silent? Are you ignoring what I'm saying?"

As Jeffrey stared silently, Gamingi let out an angry snort.

"Arrogant humans! Seems like you're eager to walk the path to the netherworld! Well, then I'll grant your wish!"

Gamingi quickly closed the distance.

Thinking that only the face moved since it was a horse-like being, Jeffrey made a miscalculation.

In an instant, Gamingi dug 10 meters and, like a crocodile, opened his mouth wide and devoured Jeffrey's head.

Crunch! Crunch!

"Ah, ah!"
!
ChatGPT

The shocking scene left Christine and Dorothy in disbelief, but they managed to regain their composure against the force pulling at them.

Now's the time. Let's run quickly.

Judging by Jeffrey's voice, it seemed he had used invisibility.

Dorothy and Christine, with bewildered faces, quickly moved away from their positions.

Crunch! Squelch!

While Gamingi was busy devouring, the two women managed to create a distance of more than 10 meters.

However, not long after, Gamingi realized something was wrong with the taste. He lifted his head.

"Hmm? I've eaten countless human meats, but this taste is new."

As Gamingi noticed the oddity, the blood on his lips and the corpse disappeared.

Only then did Gamingi realize he had been eating his duplicate.

"These insect-like bastards deceived me?"

His gaze followed the two human females, who were now getting farther away.

"Heh, pitiful creatures. Did you really think you could escape?"

Just as Gamingi was about to pursue them.

Swish!

A sharp pain shot from his ankle.

Jeffrey, who successfully made him bleed by surprise, revealed himself.

But Jeffrey's expression wasn't satisfactory.

The original plan was to completely cut off the ankle to prevent tracking.

"Damn."

Undeterred, Jeffrey aimed for the ankle again.

Gamingi quickly lifted his foot to evade the attack, simultaneously kicking Jeffrey away.

Thud!

"Cough!"

Feeling the sensation of internal organs tearing, Jeffrey rolled about 5 meters.

"How dare a measly human inflict a wound on this body?"

Angry, but in the meantime, the prey had distanced themselves by more than 20 meters.

"Heh! Even if you women run away, it won't change anything."

Gamingi, smirking with a sneer, was about to use his special skill.

"You damn son of a bitch!"

"Dieeeee!"

Three figures emerged from somewhere, pointing blades at Gamingi.

They were none other than the players who had been ordered by Ryu Min to protect Christine's group.

"What's this? These damn bastards?"

While following Christine's group to ensure their safety, they intervened when things became dangerous.

Thud, thud, thud!

Unfortunately, the genuine rage-filled kick from Gamingi caused their internal organs to burst, and they died.

"You fools. Because of you, the prey escaped another 5 meters, didn't they?"

This content may violate our content policy. If you believe this to be in error, please submit your feedback — your input will aid our research in this area.
!
ChatGPT

The words were spoken as such, but in reality, it was a futile and meaningless death without much time gained.

"I can't let them escape any longer."

The laughter disappeared from Gamingi's eyes, replaced by a blue flame.

"Show yourself. Oh, human souls bound to me."

Hooooo-

His special skill, necromancy, summoned a legion of twenty undead.

"Hunt them down and bring them back alive. In the meantime, I..."

Gamingi, with an angered expression, approached Jeffrey.

"As I kill this damn human."

Gamingi raised his foot.

Thud! Thud!

Furious, he stomped and stomped again.

Dorothy and Christine, who had belatedly been captured by the undead, witnessed this gruesome scene.

"Master Jeffrey!"

"Ah..."

Anyone could tell they were dead, with no screams or movements.

But there was still a possibility of saving Jeffrey.

As long as the corpse was not more than 30% damaged, it could be resurrected intact.

That was assuming they could escape this crisis.

"You've been captured. Hehehe. Planning useless strategies."

Gamingi, with a gaze mixing anger and excitement, stared at the two women.

"You won't die easily, you girls. I'll use you as sex slaves until I get bored, and when I'm fed up, I'll chew you up alive from the head while keeping you alive. So you better prepare yourselves..."

The demon's words couldn't finish, as his head exploded in an instant, as if fireworks had gone off.

Puff, puff, puff, puff, puff, puff, puff, puff!

"Scream!"

In the sudden commotion, Christine, who had closed her eyes tightly, felt something odd in the eerie silence and slowly opened her eyes.

She couldn't help but be shocked.

"W-what is this...?"

Namely, all twenty undead lay dead with their heads blown off.

Moreover, even Gamingi's head.

"D-did they all die?"

"What's happening?"

Christine, bewildered by the inexplicable phenomenon, hurriedly ran towards Jeffrey.

Fortunately, she was able to resurrect him unharmed.

The inexplicable phenomenon was not limited to Christine's group alone.

"He's strong. It'll be difficult to win."

This content may violate our content policy. If you believe this to be in error, please submit your feedback — your input will aid our research in this area.
!
ChatGPT

Jo Yong-ho, facing the demons, also felt the tension, causing the hairs on his entire body to stand on end.

Already, his three mercenaries had fallen victim to the demons.

"Brother, can we win this?"

"Well... we can try, but we won't know until we do."

"Shouldn't we run away?"

"If we do that, we'll only add more victims. We have to deal with it on our own. We're only a handful."

"But that one is like a hundred..."

Jo Yong-ho didn't deny the mercenary's words.

It was evident at a glance that the opponent was overwhelmingly powerful.

Despite Jo Yong-ho, the mercenary captain, and ten mercenaries sweating in their palms, the demon remained calm and composed.

"Hehehe. I've captured three and still have so many prey before my eyes. Truly delightful. Lucky devil nobles like me are hard to come by."

"...."

"But humans are incomprehensible. I thought that if they formed a group, there might be a chance, but..."

Suddenly, something unexpected happened.

Boom!

"Brother!"

"The demon's head!"

The demon's head burst like a firecracker.

"What, what just happened?"

Jo Yong-ho and his group looked down at the remaining corpse with faces filled with incomprehension.

Ju Seong-tak and John Delgado received a mission from the Black Scythe before the start of the round.

A simple mission to protect the blacksmith, Russell.

However, it seemed they couldn't fulfill that mission.

"I'm sorry, sir."

"I apologize..."

The demon that appeared before them was strong enough to withstand the combined attacks of the two.

Although no one had been injured yet, it was only a matter of time.

"What should we do, Mister Ju? Is there no way to win no matter what we do?"

"As you can see, I tried to coordinate John Delgado's corpse-summoning spell with my corpse explosion, but it's useless. He avoids all attacks in an instant."

"Hehe. Do you think I'd let such obvious attacks hit me? Especially from someone with teleportation?"

The demon approached the three with a confident expression.

"Even though my rank is low, when it comes to speed, I'm on par with other nobles. Fluctuos, acknowledged by the Demon Lord as a fast demon..."

Boom!

This content may violate our content policy. If you believe this to be in error, please submit your feedback — your input will aid our research in this area.
ChatGPT

As they were about to speak, their heads suddenly exploded, leaving the three of them with stunned expressions.

"W-What's happening?"

"They seem dead."

"Why did they suddenly... die?"

The reason was unclear, but one thing was certain: something inexplicable was happening.

Time is relative.

Ryumin keenly felt the truth of that statement.

A mere 3 seconds.

During that time, she could accomplish a lot.

She traveled around the fantasy continent, systematically finding and exterminating every demon.

One by one, she popped their heads like balloons; it was a straightforward task since demons were as fragile as balloons, bursting with just a little force.

"Three, four, five..."

She knew that a total of eight high-ranking demons had entered this realm.

She killed five of them earlier, just killed the sixth, and proceeded to find and kill the seventh and eighth.

"With the Rune of Swiftness, finding and killing them all is a piece of cake."

She didn't need to know their faces.

Even without using the Tracking skill, it didn't matter.

By traversing all regions at the speed of light, she could cover everything.

The Rune of Swiftness made it all possible.

After killing all the demons and finally finding the eighth demon, Ryumin stopped.

This one was none other than Plutonictos.

"I shouldn't kill this one right away."

Despite having some time left, Ryumin decided to release the time constraints without further exploration.

"Your Excellency, suddenly all signals with the high-ranking demons were lost..."

Ranked 3rd, Balsago hurriedly closed his mouth.

It was because the feared Black Scythe was right in front of him.

"How did you...!"

Before he could finish his sentence, Balsago's skull mask shattered.

Swish! Thud!

Ryumin's scythe returned to its original length.

"Meeting again? We have something to discuss, don't we? Shall we have a private conversation?"

For some reason, with that menacing voice, Fluctuos began to sweat profusely, unlike a demon lord.