
ChatGPT

Title: The 100th Regression of a Max Level Player - Episode 324

Persuasion

The god who manipulated Arthros and Jaktang was not only Nix.

"He's the mastermind. It's not Nix."

Rumin, who figured out who the god behind the scenes was, clenched his teeth.

The one who ordered him to kill himself and set Arthros as the boss of Round 20 was all the doing of that god from the beginning.

"To think he tried to eliminate me by using Arthros, just following orders in exchange for lifting the curse."

Angry, but there was nothing he could do.

The opponent was the god of the primordial, beyond Arthros's control.

He wanted revenge, but for now, he had to avoid this crisis.

"First, I'll delete all of Arthros's combat techniques."

Flipping through his memories like flipping pages, he erased all the techniques Arthros had learned.

While doing so, he found a way to release the non-space, and surprisingly, the method was simple.

"Non-space is a technique maintained by Arthros in real-time. So, if I erase the memories of the learned techniques, the space naturally disappears."

He got the information he wanted, but there was one more thing he had to keep in mind.

How to pass Round 20.

"Breaking Arthros's curse and killing him would be the best, but that's impossible."

According to his memories, only the one cursed can lift the curse.

Then the only possible way is to revert the settings of the Round 20 boss back to its original state.

"If I exclude Arthros from the boss position, I should be able to smoothly pass Round 20."

But how can I change it?

Even Rumin couldn't figure out that method.

No matter how much he searched Arthros's memories, there was no plausible method.

"I have no choice. I'll have to try persuading Arthros."

[You have reviewed all memories.] [Do you want to end memory deletion? Y/N]

"End."

Rumin's time, trapped in Arthros's past, returned to normal.

Time is relative.

To feel that, you just have to look at the remaining round time.

[Time remaining until round end: 01:47:08]

"Only three seconds have passed."
ChatGPT

It feels like I've been searching through memories all night, but only three seconds have passed.

Checking to see if it's a lie, I look around and see my comrades hiding behind monsters like shields.

It's the same scene as three seconds ago.

"What did the Black Scythe feed him?"

"He opened the mouth of an angel and put something in it, didn't he?"

At that time, when people were curious.

As the pristine space disappeared, the familiar darkness of the boss room returned.

The non-space has been released.

"Oh? We've returned to where we originally were!"

"The buff lock feature is also unlocked!"

"Is it because of the potion the Black Scythe gave him?"

Strictly speaking, it was because memories were erased, but there was no time to explain to the comrades.

There were immediate questions to ask Arthros.

"Arthros, wake up."

[Hmm...?]

Arthros, still bound in chains, opened his drowsy eyes.

[Where am I?]

"Snap out of it. I only erased how to use the techniques; I haven't erased the memories of fighting with me."

[You... Black Scythe?]

Arthros, blinking his eyes, seemed to grasp the situation and showed a clear gaze.

[That's right. We were fighting. Then, after drinking a strange potion, the memories...]

"The potion you drank was a memory-erasing potion."

[What?]

"I could have turned you into a fool unable to even open your mouth according to my will. But..."

Rumin said with a hint of compassion.

"I chose not to erase the memories and leave room for conversation like this."

[Should I be thankful for that? Hmph, it's not funny.]

Arthros snorted, but secretly, there was an undeniable curiosity.

If he could have turned him into a fool, why did he leave memories for conversation?

[I see. You want something from me, don't you?]

"Just answer a simple question."

[It's not amusing. You actually thought I, who was trying to assassinate you just a while ago, would cooperate.]

"But you seem willing to cooperate?"

[On what basis are you saying that?]

"In reality, you want to die, don't you?"

[....]

The veins on Arthros's once composed forehead twitched.

"Living has become tedious for you now. You want to lift the curse of immortality, don't you? Isn't that right?"

[How did you know that?]
ChatGPT

"I've read your past. When erasing memories, one can see the entire past life of that person."

[... Unpleasant.]

For the first time, Arthros revealed the emotion of anger, furrowing his brow.

"To a mere human, having my past exposed like this must be utterly shameful."

"Rather than feeling shame, you should be thankful. If I hadn't read your past, would there have been a chance for me to help you?"

[How can the likes of you help me?]

"It's simple. Bring me to the human who cursed you."

[What?]

"After reading the past, I found out that you went to that person, knelt down, and begged. But even then, the curse wasn't lifted."

[...]

"So, I'll go and ask them to lift the curse. Since we're both humans, I should be able to persuade them."

[You're saying you'll personally go to that person and ask them to lift my curse?]

"Exactly."

Though he said it as if leaving it to him, Arthros looked at Rumin with a suspicious gaze.

[Release me from these chains first, then we can talk.]

"Fine. But you have to behave quietly."

[Don't worry.]

Rumin unlocked the runes on the chains and freed Arthros. Those who had been watching looked at them with curiosity.

"Black Scythe has released the angel."

"What is he trying to do?"

"They've been talking for a while now."

"I can't hear what they're saying very well."

"Leaving him like that might be dangerous..."

Freed from restraints, Arthros, contrary to people's concerns, posed no danger. Despite his formidable physical abilities, as long as he refrained, there would be no harm to other players.

"There's no reason to be concerned. He has erased all the techniques he knows from his memory."

Of course, Rumin couldn't ignore the physical prowess, but as long as he stood in the way, Arthros wouldn't pose a threat to other players.

"There's no reason to be worried. He has no choice but to accept my proposal."

Looking at Rumin with confidence, Arthros asked.

[What do you know about the person who cursed me?]

"I don't know. Just that they're a human from a different dimension."

[But how do you plan to persuade them?]

"Well, I don't have a perfect plan. I'll have to meet them first and hear their story."

[Hmph, so you're saying you have no strategy at all.]
ChatGPT

"Still, I have confidence in persuading. You never know, right? If it's words from a fellow human, it might work."

[You're talking nonsense because you don't know. That person is not in their right mind.]

"That's something I'll judge after meeting them in person."

[Do you think I'll let you meet that person?]

"Yeah. Do you think I won't?"

[On what grounds?]

"Aren't you itching to catch at least a straw right now? If there's even a slight possibility of lifting the curse, shouldn't we give it a try?"

[....]

Arthros fell silent for a while, perhaps lost in thought.

[... It's true that you're good at persuasion.]

"So, can I help?"

[In return, you must want something from me, right? Some way to escape the current situation?]

"You're not oblivious."

Rumin smiled at the corner of his mouth.

But it was only for a moment.

[Sorry, but there's no way.]

The downturned tone of despair made Rumin's smile fade.

"What are you saying? Didn't you say you didn't know how to lift yourself from being designated as the boss of Round 20?"

[I didn't designate myself as the boss. It's the god who did. I can't change the rules of the system, even if I wanted to.]

Rumin knows that too.

He saw it in Arthros's memories.

'Just wanted to check, but as expected.'

But that doesn't mean he can give up.

"Then just ask that so-called primordial god for a favor. Ask them to change the settings back to normal."

[What excuse do you have for making such a request? You couldn't even carry out the order to eliminate humans.]

"You can come up with the excuse yourself. Don't you want to lift the curse?"

[....]

Arthros hesitated to answer.

The desperation in his tone spoke volumes.

'In reality, Arthros is moving because of the primordial god. He promised to lift the curse if we follow orders and kill us.'

But those memories have been cleanly erased by Rumin.

In the state of having those memories, Arthros wouldn't cooperate.

"Ask the god right away. Change the settings of the 20th round boss back to normal."

[... What's next?]

"After doing that, we'll pass through Round 20, then meet the human who cursed you and try to persuade them. Of course, I don't know how to move to another dimension, so I might need your help."
ChatGPT

"Having said that, you won't just leave me hanging, will you? It's not a lie to avoid the situation, is it?"

"Do I seem like someone who would lie?"

"... Honestly, it looks that way."

Rumin sighed as if finding it absurd.

"Anyway, you don't have a choice. If you want to lift the curse, you have no option but to trust me."

"...Will you really keep your promise?"

"I will. To be honest, I'd be pleased if the curse is lifted, and you die. You're the only opponent I can truly face. Do you know how annoying it is to face an enemy that keeps resurrecting? If there's a way to lift the curse, I'll gladly help. What reason would I have not to keep my promise?"

"...You're right."

Arthros was completely convinced by Rumin's words.

"Accept the proposal. I'll talk to the god to ensure that you and the humans here won't be annihilated."

"Good thinking."

"But in return, you must also keep your promise."

"Understood. If we can get out of this crisis now, I promise to actively cooperate in lifting the curse."

Arthros nodded.

It was a moment of joining hands with the enemy he was fighting just a while ago.

"We don't have time, so move quickly."

"Yeah, understood...." [Tsk, tsk. I knew it would turn out like this.]

At the sudden voice of a third party, Arthros and Rumin froze like statues.

'This voice...'

Rumin looked up at the familiar voice he had heard somewhere before.

Between the torn spaces, a giant eyeball appeared.

It was the eyeball seen in Arthros's memories.

'Chaos, the god of discord.'

The god of primordial chaos and the culprit behind everything made his presence known.