
ChatGPT

Title: Episode 327 of the 100th Regression of a Max Level Player

Hope and Despair

[Huh?]

For the first time, the gaze of Chaos strangely changed.

It was as if witnessing a bewildering scene.

To be specific, the window of mortality was disappearing, absorbed into the body of the black scythe.

'It's not being absorbed. It's being sucked into the space.'

Chaos traced the path of that space.

And soon, he couldn't help but be surprised.

The destination of the path was set towards himself.

'Reflection? It reflected my technique?'

As if there was no time to be astonished, Chaos hastily reversed his dimensional aspect.

However, due to a slightly delayed timing, he ended up allowing some of the reflected damage.

[Kraaaah!]

The loud scream surprised all the players watching.

A painful scream burst out from the being who was thought to be unable to take damage.

Even Ryu Min, the culprit, couldn't believe it.

'The Rune of Knight's Resurrection was activated!'

Deliberately taking a hit from the window of mortality was nothing less than a gamble.

Since it was an attack from the God of Genesis, there was a possibility that the rune might not work.

'But being eaten means that even if it's the God of Genesis, the player's runes and skills work.'

Ryu Min smiled, but the situation was not so optimistic.

If he could have killed with that attack just now, it would have been great, but unfortunately, Chaos's eyeballs were intact.

[Dare! A mere human dares to challenge me!]

"Human, you say. I am clearly a god too."

[I will kill... after tearing you apart piece by piece, I will make you taste eternal suffering in the underground prison!]

The enraged eyes of Chaos widened.

Whatever attack he was preparing, it had to be stopped.

Shoo, shoo, shoo, shoo!

He swung the scythe towards the crimson eyes, but Ryu Min dodged it with a phase shift.

Still, Ryu Min didn't stop the scythe.

He slashed dozens, hundreds of times, as if determined not to give a chance for an attack.

However, Chaos's eyeballs, which were as blurry as a curtain, suddenly flashed with a red light.

'What's this? Is he preparing an attack even in the phase-shifted state?'

Perhaps he could only speak without saying the spell, but was memorizing it possible?
ChatGPT

This is dangerous.

Intuition is saying so.

If Ryu Min doesn't quickly evade, he will die.

As Ryu Min hurriedly retreated, the voice of Chaos echoed.

"The playtime is over. Every human here will face annihilation without exception."

As the words ended, the space opened in a terrifying manner.

Sixteen spaces appeared, matching the number of participants.

Up to this point, it was the same as before.

The only difference was that, instead of a crimson spear, a blood-red one emerged.

"This time, it will be unavoidable."

With only those words left, Chaos blinked.

As if that was the signal, sixteen red spears rushed forward at an incredible speed.

No, they were about to rush forward.

"Whew, luckily I used the Rune of Lightspeed not too late."

The Rune of Lightspeed slowed down the surrounding time.

No, it made the surroundings seem slow because he had become as fast as light.

Looking up, Ryu Min saw the red spears descending slowly like turtles.

At a glance, they seemed stronger than the spears he had seen before.

"Chaos said this time it would be unavoidable."

It surely wasn't just empty words or bluff.

There was something in those red spears.

Ryu Min, closely examining the spears, shifted his position.

Smiling as he saw the spear turning to follow him, he thought, 'As expected. It has a homing function.'

Each spear changed direction based on the movement, as if each had its own target.

To be sure, Ryu Min moved the people frozen like mannequins.

As expected, the spears turned their heads towards them.

'As Chaos said, avoiding this is impossible. Everyone is set as a target to be hit.'

If all those red spears descended simultaneously, every player here would be wiped out in an instant.

Without a chance to resurrect anyone.

'At times like this, it would have been great if there was an overall invincibility... Wait.'

A foreign thought flashed in his mind.

'Not everyone is set as a target.'

Only one person, an exception, existed.

'Artaros. Those spears are not targeting that guy.'
ChatGPT

A spear set to kill one person each, but for some reason, it doesn't target Artaros as much.

Initially, there isn't a spear specifically targeting him.

The spears were only created based on the number of players.

"Is it because he's my subordinate? No, even if that's the case, it's strange. Artaros has an immortal body, anyway. Why exclude him from the targets? Could it be...?"

One possibility flashed through Ryu Min's mind, and he had no choice but to pursue it.

There was no other way at the moment.

"First, gather the people."

Ryu Min gathered the remaining people in one place.

Looking at the faces with an uneasy feeling, he realized there were only 15 people left, excluding himself.

"Many of Joo Yong-ho's mercenaries must have died."

In the slowed-down time, the shadowy expression of Joo Yong-ho became visible.

"There's nothing we can do about the dead. We have to save the remaining ones."

As Ryu Min gathered the people, 16 red spears converged in one place.

And in front of the point where the spears were gathering, Ryu Min positioned Artaros.

Hoping that he would shield against the spears like a shield.

"If he spreads his wings like this, he should be able to block to some extent."

Examining closely, Artaros stood with his large wings enveloping himself and the other 16 people.

It was quite amusing to see the once-enemy now standing protectively, but there was no other way.

"We can only hope the spears won't penetrate Artaros."

With that in mind, Ryu Min lifted the time constraint of the Rune of Lightspeed.

As time returned to normal, the spears, which had been moving slowly, pierced through Artaros like lightning.

Shooshoo...!
Screams...!

People who had their crimson blood turned upside down for a moment were astonished.

"Ugh! What is this?"
"This, this is...?"

It was natural for people to be surprised.

In the blink of an eye, their positions changed, and they were gathered with others.

Moreover, right in front of them, wasn't the angel who had been fighting with the black scythe now pierced by 16 spears and still alive?

So, they couldn't help but be astonished.

Chaos, who had been observing, shared the same sentiment.

"How?
ChatGPT

The humans, who were expected to die without exception, suddenly gathered in one place, and Artaros acted as a shield to block them?

For Chaos, who didn't know the Rune of Lightspeed, it was a mind-boggling situation.

Among the bewildered people, only Ryu Min maintained composure.

"It's fortunate. Artaros's body wasn't pierced."

He had been worried that people behind him might also suffer damage if Artaros's body was pierced, but fortunately, the feared situation did not occur.

On the contrary, a situation beyond expectations unfolded.

Artaros, who was expected to resurrect, sprawled out as if dead.

Thud-

As the spear that supported his body disappeared like smoke, Artaros collapsed weakly.

Crimson blood flowed incessantly from the holes all over his body.

Cough, cough... Hu, hu, hu, hu...

Even in the midst of agonizing death, Artaros faintly smiled.

As if he could finally fulfill his wish.

And so, Artaros finally closed his eyes.

As if an ordinary person had died.

"It's not an illusion. He really died."

Ryu Min, who was watching, couldn't help but be astonished.

The curse of immortality did not hold.

The surprise wasn't only his, as Chaos's pupils, who had been watching, shook in disbelief.

It was understandable that he accidentally committed team kill, but it seemed not to be the only reason.

"The 20th-round boss has died." "Congratulations on clearing Round 20!" "The round will end shortly."

When Artaros, set as the boss for Round 20, died, the round completion messages appeared.

To the players, who hadn't dared to hope for such a favorable message, their mouths dropped open.

"The boss is dead?"

"It says we cleared the round?"

"Uh, uh, can we finally survive?"

"Ha-ha-ha! We, we survived! We're alive!"

From the previously despair-filled passage, a light appeared.

It was the light of hope, confirming their escape.

For the players, there was nothing but excitement, but it seemed that the voice did not reach Chaos's ears.

Perhaps he was in enough shock to stare blankly into the air.

"Ha... He took it in one shot. It means he hit Artaros with the Spear of Instant Death to end the round."

Muttering to himself, Chaos's gaze turned towards Ryu Min.
ChatGPT

"[Your doing, isn't it? Right?]"

"..."

"[Yes, there's no one else but you.]"

Ryu Min didn't respond.

He didn't want to provoke him with unnecessary words.

It wasn't over until it was over.

Above all, the atmosphere around Chaos was unusual.

"[Damn it. To be hit by the system I created. Ridiculous. It seems I have to withdraw like this.]"

Chaos's hollow eyes looked down on the people who were enjoying the victory.

"[But you pathetic humans. It's too early to like you. You still have plenty of time for me to kill you all in an instant.]"

Once again, Chaos intended to deliver a final blow before retreating since he couldn't use the Rune of Lightspeed again.

Unable to use the Rune of Lightspeed once again, Ryu Min desperately swung the scythe.

Shooshoo...!

But as before, just like in the phase-shifted state a little while ago, Chaos's eyes flashed, indicating he could still cast spells.

Whoooo...

When 16 spaces appeared in the sky, the faces of the players turned contemplative.

It was the Spear of Instant Death that Chaos had used a little while ago.

"[If you can avoid it this time, try dodging wherever you can.]"

As soon as the words ended, the spear plunged down at a frightening speed.

It was a speed that one might be able to avoid if lucky, but the problem was the homing feature of the spear.

"Oh no!"

Before the spear came down, Ryu Min's gaze urgently sought out Kristin.

"Sacrifice Rune, use!"

"[The target to protect has been designated.] [I will receive the damage on behalf of the target.] [Automatically released if the distance between the target exceeds 100m.]"

"Temporary skill, Invincibility!"

"[Temporary skill 'Invincibility' has been activated.] [Immune to all damage for 60 seconds.] [You have used a one-time use skill.] [The skill disappears from the skill window.]"

After putting the Sacrifice Rune on Kristin, he used the temporary skill, Invincibility.

Immediately, the red spears ruthlessly stabbed and killed the nearby comrades before the spear descended.

Thud... Thud... Thud... Thud... Thud!

"Aaah!"

"Ugh!"

Some screamed, while others couldn't even utter a word and died instantly.

Seo Arin, Min Juri, Joo Sungtak, John Delga, Jeffrey, Russell, Yanti, Joo Yongho, Um Junseok, Victor, Sofia, Alex, Dorothy, and others.

Comrades who shared life and death died before their eyes.
ChatGPT

The only survivors were Kristin and Ryu Min.

"I revived Kristin with the Sacrifice Rune."

By using the Sacrifice Rune to block the spear's damage invincibly, he was able to keep her alive.

He could also nullify the spear that targeted him invincibly.

"At least I managed to save one person."

It was regrettable that his comrades died, but it wasn't the time to be immersed in sorrow.

"[Blocking my attack with invincibility. I commend you. However, it's too early to feel relieved.]"

Chaos's attack was not yet over.

"[Of course, I have no intention of attacking now. I'll kill you when the invincibility ends.]"

Ryu Min bit his lip upon hearing the death sentence.

"Damn it! When will this round end?"

There were about 40 seconds left of the remaining invincibility time.

Whether it's long or short, it was the time available.

Ryu Min couldn't afford to wait idly during that time.

"Kristin! Snap out of it. Kristin!"

He vigorously shook Kristin's shoulders as she slumped down, but there was no particular reaction.

She just stared blankly into space with vacant eyes.

"Darn it. Witnessing comrades dying right in front of her probably caused her to panic."

It seemed she was considerably shocked, judging by the fact that she couldn't hear even when shouted at right next to her.

"There's no other choice."

Ryu Min used his remaining authority towards Kristin.

"It's an order, Kristin. Use the resurrection skill to revive Sofia."