
ChatGPT

Title: The 100th Regression of a Max Level Player - Episode 328

End of Round 20

The reason Ryumin wanted to save Sophia was simple.

She was the healthiest among the deceased.

Others had died so brutally that resurrection seemed nearly impossible.

"If there's someone we can save, we should. There's no other choice."

Although Chaos declared it would attack as soon as his invincibility ended, that was an unknown.

What if the round ended sooner by some stroke of luck?

"Then Chaos will be expelled by the system, and the resurrected ones can survive."

Therefore, Ryumin had to use the last remaining life potion immediately.

There was a chance that if the round ended, the opportunity to save even one more person would be lost.

"I have to revive them before it's too late."

Ryumin rushed to the person who came to mind without even checking the state of the body and used the life potion.

Fortunately, it worked as the damage was less than 30%.

"Ugh..."

"Minjuri! Are you awake?"

"Min...i?"

Ryumin shivered at the familiar tone in her ears.

"Has the memory... returned?"

Minjuri, whose memories were erased, did not call herself an outsider.

She called Ryumin "Miss Ryumin" or "Black Scythe Lady."

"Minah, hehehe, Minah... I'm sorry."

"..."

Apologizing right after the memory returned.

Not knowing what to say, Ryumin stood there with a face that seemed uncertain, while Kristin used the resurrection skill she had saved to revive Sophia.

Shaaa-

Sophia's pierced heart was restored, and she opened her eyes as if waking up from sleep.

"Umm. Chris?"

"Huh?"

After fulfilling the command and releasing control, Kristin belatedly regained her senses.

Then, as if they had made some kind of promise, the two looked at Ryumin.

As if asking for an explanation of the current situation.

But there was no time for that right now.

Invincibility would wear off soon.

"Please end already...!"

Ryumin hoped that the round would end before Chaos attacked, but his expectations were shattered without a doubt.
ChatGPT

Once Ryumin's golden invincibility effect, which had been protecting his body, disappeared, Chaos opened four spaces.

"It seems your luck ends here."

In each of the four spaces, crimson spears were summoned, aimed at Ryumin, Minjuri, Kristin, and Sophia.

At that moment, Chaos's eyeballs began to blur.

It seemed like the system rules were pushing him away.

"I regret not witnessing your demise, but there's no lingering attachment. My purpose is fulfilled."

The echoing voice, gradually distancing itself, completely disappeared along with Chaos's eyes.

Seemingly forcibly ejected by the round-ending system.

However, the four spears targeting the players did not disappear.

"This is bad. I can't think of a way to stop that."

Shortly after, the lethal spears left by Chaos would take the lives of Ryumin and the other three.

If at least one of them had a life potion, there might have been a way, but they had all been used up.

"Sophia!"

"Yes?"

"You haven't used the sacrifice skill yet, right?"

Before Sophia could nod, Ryumin, who had read her thoughts, shouted, "Use it on Kristin and Minjuri! I'm sorry, but this is the only way to save at least one more person!"

"What about the Black Scythe Lady?"

"Don't worry about me!"

There was indeed no need to worry.

He had a title that could be called the last time reverser.

"I can resurrect with the title of the last time reverser."

The decision was quick, but fate was unavoidable.

Swhaaaack!

The spear was thrust down, almost simultaneously.

Thud, thud, thud!

A creepy sound echoed.

The sound of three people being pierced by the spears.

"Ah..."

Ryumin looked at Sophia with a face of incomprehension.

"Why... Why me..."

Sophia, who had endured the damage that Ryumin would have taken with her sacrifice skill, smiled faintly and then shook her head.

-I've... repaid the debt.

Knowing her thoughts just before her death, Ryumin understood what emotions she must have had.

As a repayment for saving her last time, she chose to sacrifice herself.

But Ryumin was not grateful at all.

"I told you to save someone else because I'm fine..."
ChatGPT

He could have survived even if he had stayed still, just because of his title.

If he had saved Kristin or Minjuri, at least one more person could have lived.

"Black Scythe... Sir."

"Minah..."

Turning his head at the faint voice, Ryumin saw Kristin and Minjuri dying.

He had considered approaching, thinking there might be a chance to save them, but in that moment, their breaths ceased.

Both of them were dead.

"If only I hadn't used the life potion..."

Regret filled him.

He hadn't brought people to round 20 hoping for such an outcome.

How did things end up like this?

"The tower I built up so cunningly collapsed in an instant. Everyone who was with me died because of Chaos's appearance."

Drip-

Blood flowed from his lips, perhaps from biting them too hard.

Everyone, except himself, had died.

Ryumin surveyed the surroundings as if determined not to forget this gruesome scene.

As he faced the faces of the people he cherished one by one, his fist trembled with anger.

At that moment, a belatedly annoying message popped up.

[Round 20 has ended.] [Calculating results.]

"This damn son of a... Is this a joke? Is there any way to end the round this late?"

Ryumin vented his dissatisfaction towards the empty air.

If only the round had ended sooner, people wouldn't have died to this extent.

Whether he liked it or not, the message only displayed the system results in his retinas.

★ Round 20 Results ★

[Integrated Area CA-EA001]

└1st. Black Scythe (Lv111 Reaper) Contribution: 291,001,920 points

└2nd. None

└3rd. None

[The ranking for Round 20 is based on the contribution to boss defeats.] [Congratulations! You have achieved the 1st place in this area and completed the quest!] [Currently, 'Black Scythe' is ranked 1st in this area.] [As the 1st place reward for this area, 'Purified Aether' will be provided!] [As the 1st place reward for this area, a 'Special Reward Selection Box' will be provided!]

"I don't need this shit anymore!"

Ryumin shouted, but the system continued to recite its words relentlessly.
ChatGPT

[The achiever of Round 20 is 'Black Scythe,' congratulations. You have earned the qualification to challenge the final round.] [By completing the missions of the final round, you can reach the 'Wishing Stone' and make your wish come true.]

'Final round?'

He already knew that Round 20 wasn't the end, having heard from Michael that there would be a 7th-level celestial battle in the final round, and he would participate as a mercenary.

"Do I have to participate alone? What about my comrades?"

The hope of joining forces with his comrades had already shattered.

At the moment when his mental state was about to collapse, a determination flickered in Ryumin's eyes.

"Now that it's come to this... You must take possession of the Wishing Stone. Absolutely!"

◀ ROUND 20 Ended ▶

[Integrated Area CA-EA001]

└Survivors: 1

[After a while, your soul will transition to your original dimension.] [The final round will begin on September 1, 2023, at midnight. Until the next round, congratulations on surviving.]

It had been one year and seven months since the survival game began.

Every 1st of the month became a day of anxiety, and by now, everyone knew that players had become widespread.

Perhaps because of this?

The anonymous community 'Plagal,' where stories about players were shared, was usually quiet, but it became active every 1st of the month.

It was the day when the life and death of players were decided.

└Finally entered the last round.

└Indeed. Players, stay strong.

└I don't know what the mission for Round 20 is, but I hope everyone returns safely.

└To the 72 players, fighting!

Just before midnight, posts from ordinary people cheering for the players overflowed.

However, 30 minutes later, anxious posts started to appear.

└Is my younger brother doing well in the final round?

└Check if he's still breathing.

└Fortunately, he's still breathing.

└Then he hasn't disappeared yet, so don't worry.

└How long do you think this round will take?

└Hmm. The last round was 72 hours, so maybe this time it'll be about a week?

└That long?

└Then does that mean my brother has to lie down without eating for a week? ㅠㅠ

└It probably won't be like that.

└I'm a 52-year-old father running a convenience store. I hope my daughter comes back soon...

└She'll come back. I pray for everyone's safety every night.
ChatGPT

└Don't worry and get some good rest, Dad.

Without information about the round and being unaware of what was happening, family and friends couldn't help but feel anxious.

Just through sleepless nights, they fervently hoped for the players to come back alive.

Ryu Won felt the same way.

"Hyung... Come back quickly."

Hoping, as always, for his eyes to open, Ryu Won waited by the bedside for his older brother.

However, around 1 hour and 10 minutes later, the community erupted in excitement.

└Those who have family members as players, please check right away. Is it normal for my younger brother not to be breathing? Is this how it's supposed to be?

└Oh, he's not breathing? Then it's considered disappearance...

└That means he's dead... ;;

└Ah... this is unfortunate.

└Rest in peace...

└Ah... What should I do? I checked my brother, and he's not breathing. ㅠㅠ

└Could it be that everyone has died?

└My daughter is breathing.

└Everyone, please check!!!

"Wha... Already someone is reported dead?"

Startled by the posts, Ryu Won quickly placed his hand on his brother's nose.

Fortunately, he was still breathing.

Just to be sure, he pressed his ear against his chest, and the heartbeat was clearly audible.

"Haah, thank goodness..."

Breathing a sigh of relief with a decade-worn face, Ryu Won looked at his phone again.

Chaos broke out in the early morning.

The community was ablaze with unexpected deaths.

└So many players have died...

└What on earth is happening?

└The round hasn't ended yet, has it?

└No. My daughter is breathing, and she hasn't woken up yet.

└This can't be the end, right? Even if you die, you can come back to life, right?

└Probably. There are resurrection skills and potions, so don't worry too much.

└Please, may my brother breathe again...

The more Ryu Won read the worrying posts, the more his anxiety grew.

A round with deaths increasing rapidly like this had never happened before, and wasn't it the final round?

Even if it was his brother, there was no telling what kind of opponent he would face, and winning might be impossible.
ChatGPT

"Please... Please, hyung. Come back, please."

Ryu Won's wish, uttered while closing his eyes in prayer, was finally granted.

Around 1 hour and 20 minutes had passed when Ryu Min's eyelids, which had been closed, gradually fluttered open.

"Hyu, hyung!"

Ryu Min, who had been staring blankly at the ceiling, turned his gaze belatedly.

"You weren't sleeping, were you?"

"Hyuaaaang!"

Ryu Won, now hugged tightly, cried like a three-year-old child.

"Hyung, I really thought you were dead! Uwaaaah!"

"Who said someone was dead."

Nonchalantly stating this, Ryu Min patted his younger brother's back before getting up.

Had Ryu Won sensed something strange in his voice and expression?

Wiping away tears, Ryu Won asked seriously, "What's going on? What happened?"

"...."

"Others? How many survived?"

Even without an answer, Ryu Won could tell from his brother's expression.

Many people hadn't made it through the final round.

"S-So, no way..."

"Yeah."

Ryu Min sighed as if lamenting, "I'm the only one who survived."

"...What? I-Is that really true?"

"Would I lie about that?"

Whew- Ryu Won finally realized it was no joke as his brother sighed.

"S-So, Arin noona, Juri noona, Yanti noona, all of them...?"

"All of them died. Not a single one left."

Ryu Won's mouth gradually opened wide.

The fact that his brother was the only survivor of Round 20.