
ChatGPT

Title: Episode 332 of the 100th Regression of a Max Level Player

Contract

Ryumin asked.

"What does it mean?"

[Meaning?]

"I'm asking what it means to be on my side."

[Literally. It means that I am on your side, and you can trust me.]

A sneer escaped from Ryumin's lips.

"You expect me to believe that? Your words, providing information about the Black Scythe to the Archangels?"

[You were aware of it as well. Did you read Remiel's thoughts?]

"Yes."

Remiel, the 7th-ranked Archangel who controls lightning.

Ryumin could tell when he first met him.

The reason he was sought out was because of Lubahi's influence.

"You sent Remiel to kill me, and yet you talk about being on the same side."

[I did not send him to kill. I sent him to be a sacrificial lamb for the Black Scythe.]

"I knew I could defeat Remiel?"

[Of course. As you know, I have witnessed all of the Black Scythe's growth. It is easy to gauge who would win when they clash.]

"Nevertheless, the fact remains that you provided information to the enemy."

[It was unavoidable. How can you catch fish without bait?]

"...."

When Ryumin glared silently, Lubahi looked apologetic.

[If you were displeased with sending an Archangel as you pleased, I apologize. But it's not just about sending. I also prevented Micael from stepping forward.]

"Micael?"

[During the 11th round, Micael tried to kill the Black Scythe directly. But I persuaded him to wait until the 20th round to become a god. If I hadn't intervened, the Black Scythe would have died sooner.]

"If you didn't send Remiel, Micael wouldn't have stepped forward either."

[...That's true. But thanks to me, hasn't the Black Scythe gained power beyond human limits? To the extent of even being able to kill a god.]

"So."

A sinister aura emanated from Ryumin's eyes.

"Are you telling me to be grateful to you for creating me like this?"

It wasn't because he wanted to become strong for himself.
ChatGPT

Struggling to survive, I had no choice but to become stronger.

Although I glared at Lubahi as if I could kill him right away, there was no sign of fear on Lubahi's face.

He knew well that no one could exert their strength in his territory.

[If you're displeased, I apologize. But isn't it true that you became stronger thanks to killing the Archangel?]

"...."

[However, I didn't provide all the information to the Archangels who came looking for you. I wrote numbers to keep them ignorant about special runes like the Rune of Inner Thoughts. Here's what I mean.]

As soon as he finished speaking, another book landed in Ryumin's hands, eerily.

[It contains records of the Black Scythe that you showed to the Archangels.]

Reading the book, it indeed had different content from before.

Points such as obtaining the Rune of Inner Thoughts, killing an Archangel and gaining massive stats, and the part where he underwent godification.

All potentially disadvantageous information if the enemy knew, had been deliberately omitted.

[We showed this modified version to the angels seeking information about the Black Scythe. Showing the original might have either scared them off or led to them finding ways to deal with it.]

"So, what you're saying is... You've been sending Archangels to me all this time to serve as my prey?"

[That's correct. The reward for killing an Archangel is incomparable to battles with other combat angels. Doesn't the Black Scythe know that well?]

Of course.

There's a vast difference between capturing an Archangel and not.

'Comparing it to the previous episode, the answer is clear. I've become many times stronger than before.'

In the last episode, he couldn't bring himself to face an Archangel due to the memory of encountering Artaros.

However, in this episode, he luckily faced Remiel, and from then on, Ryumin was able to experience rapid growth.

Even a lower-ranked Archangel provided rewards on a different scale compared to combat angels.

"So, all of this was your design to make me grow?"

[Yes, but in truth, it's not my design alone. There is another god helping you.]

"Who?"

In response to Lubahi's continued explanation, Ryumin widened his eyes.

The fact that a formidable being capable of opposing Chaos was assisting him.

'No, not assisting, but perhaps exploiting?'
ChatGPT

Ryumin looked at Lubahi with narrowed eyes.

"So, is this a collaboration between that god and you?"

[The term 'collaboration' doesn't quite fit. I didn't specifically aim to cultivate a particular individual.]

"Wasn't it intentional to give me the Rune of Time Reversal?"

[No, it wasn't. The Rune of Time Reversal was set to affect only one out of 1.8 billion humans. There was no specific designation of an individual. You know, when you cast a fishing line, you never know what you might catch? It's similar.]

In other words, he didn't know he would be the one caught.

He didn't even know he would come this far.

"Why go to such lengths?"

[Because you needed to grow to confront Chaos.]

"So, everything was orchestrated to create a long-term play."

Everything was designed.

The Rune that could intentionally regress 100 times was inserted, and they waited for a human capable of opposing the gods to be caught.

As a result, he won the lottery, and through regressions, he could become incredibly powerful as they intended.

[Hmm... I hadn't thought of it as a long-term play, but I won't deny that it was meant to create a weapon against Chaos.]

"A weapon... Are you saying I can be cultivated into a weapon to resist that guy?"

[It's possible. From now on, just follow my instructions.]

Although Lubahi smiled, Ryumin did not hide his uneasy expression.

He couldn't shake off the feeling of being a toy for the gods.

"I'm not a tool to be moved according to your commands."

[Of course, of course. I apologize for calling it a weapon, but it seemed the most fitting term... If it makes you uncomfortable, I apologize.]

Lubahi tried not to disturb Ryumin's feelings as much as possible.

He readily answered Ryumin's questions.

"Do you know all my records from the 1st to the 100th regression?"

[No, I don't. The ability to manipulate time is so powerful that not even the gods can resist it. In other words, this encounter with the Black Scythe is the first time for me as well. At least as far as my memory goes.]
ChatGPT

"Are you saying that if we rewind time now, Chaos won't remember me?"

[That's correct. Not only Chaos, but the god I serve won't either.]

"So, you and your superior designed and created such an extraordinary rune?"

[I received assistance from another god.]

"Who?"

[I cannot disclose that. What is certain is that in the Akashic Records here, there is no record of the previous episode where the Black Scythe experienced this. That's how powerful regression is, capable of turning back the records of the universe.]

Despite Lubahi's explanation, it only raised more curiosity for the listener.

"Something doesn't add up. If this is your first time encountering the Black Scythe, why didn't you send Remiel in previous episodes?"

[I waited until the 100th episode. I intended to send him when the Black Scythe became strong enough to face an Archangel.]

"Wait. You claim not to have memories of regression? How did you know this was the 100th episode then?"

[I received help. There is a god who is not affected by regression.]

Lubahi's response seemed unambiguous.

At least it didn't seem like he was lying.

'Even if I ask who that god is, he probably won't answer.'

Ryumin threw another question.

"Did the god you serve create this system? Programming humans?"

[Yes. The design of the system to capture angels and make the Black Scythe stronger was also at his behest. Though we did seek his advice.]

"Advice?"

[You don't need to know that. The important thing is that we know how to kill Chaos.]

Despite the unpleasant tone, as if boasting about their authority, Ryumin didn't press further.

"Honestly, I don't like you guys. Those celestial beings turning humans into mercenaries just to seek advice for the Demon War, and you guys, treating me like a weapon to oppose Chaos, you all seem like the same kind. But."

Now, Ryumin had no intention of nitpicking.

"I don't care even if you used me. Anyway, my goal is to kill Chaos."

[It's fortunate our goals align.]

"Then tell me now. What's the plan?"
ChatGPT

[Before providing information, I would like to make one contract.]

"A contract?"

As Ryumin's eyes narrowed in suspicion, Lubahi grinned as if amused.

[Don't look at it with such suspicion. It's a contract to ensure a clear arrangement.]

"What kind of contract is it?"

[A contract stating that we will cooperate to kill Chaos. You could say it's a treaty of sorts.]

"So, you'll only give information if I sign a contract?"

[Yes. That way, we can trust each other, and you can trust the Black Scythe, can't you?]

Ryumin laughed as if finding it absurd.

"Do I look like someone who would betray?"

[As I mentioned, it's to make things clear between us. Don't take it too negatively.]

With a scrutinizing gaze that seemed to pierce through Lubahi's thoughts, Ryumin stared, but the expressionless face revealed no information.

"Fine. Let me see the contract first."

[Understood.]

Soon, a familiar system message appeared in front of Ryumin.

[The spirit 'Lubahi' has proposed a contract to the player 'Black Scythe.'] [Party A: Black Scythe] [Party B: Lubahi]

Party A pledges to confront Chaos in exchange for information about Chaos from Party B.

As soon as the contract ends, Party B will provide information about Chaos to Party A.

This contract will last until the destruction of Chaos.

[This is a lifetime contract that binds the soul when agreed.] [If either Party A or Party B violates the contract first, that entity will be permanently destroyed.] [Will you fulfill the contract? Y/N]

As expected, it was a contract with destruction as the price.

'Are they hoping I'll forever oppose Chaos?'

Thinking about the comrades who died because of Chaos, the idea still sent shivers down his spine.

It was a tempting proposal for revenge.

However, Ryumin raised his head decisively, as if there was no need for contemplation.

"I decline."

[...What?]

"This contract is too disadvantageous for me."

[Disadvantageous? If your goal is to kill Chaos, you shouldn't worry about the risk of destruction, should you?]

"That's true. But a contract should have some semblance of fairness. You only provide information, and I have to fight against Chaos forever. It's pretty clear who is at a greater disadvantage, isn't it?"

[....]
ChatGPT

"If you don't oppose Chaos, you will be destroyed. The risk is too high. It's practically a slave contract."

[S-So, does that mean you won't accept the contract?]

"No, I won't. It seems like even if I regress, the contract will persist. Why should I endure such disadvantage and wear these lifelong chains?"

[...If you don't accept the contract, you won't obtain the information, you know?]

"Then you'll also lose the opportunity to kill Chaos."

Ryumin asserted strongly, causing Lubahi to break into a cold sweat.

At this point, there was a need for a long-term pawn to oppose Chaos.

[...If you have a request, please tell us.]

"Add two clauses to the contract. You must tell me only the truth, and add your superior to the target for destruction."

[...Add him to the destruction target?]

"It's a joint effort, so it wouldn't be fair if only you were to be destroyed. At least, if you want to make a contract with me, your superior, who, according to you, created the system, should also put his life on the line, right?"

[...That would require his agreement.]

"Then get his agreement. I'll be waiting. But you have to come within 20 minutes. If you're late, you might lose your qualification. And that means losing the chance to kill Chaos."

[Uh, understood. Please wait a moment.]

The perplexed Lubahi hurriedly disappeared.

Had it been about 5 minutes, subjectively?

The figure reappeared in the vehicle that had been waiting in the Akashic Records.

[I have modified the contract as you requested.]

"Let me see it."

Upon checking, 'Disease' had been added following 'A' and 'B,' and the god's name was written.

Even a clause stating that they must tell the truth and would face destruction if violated was included.

'Now I can trust and agree to the contract.'

With a smile, Ryumin agreed to the contract.

[The contract has been finalized.] [The terms of the contract take effect immediately.]

Ryumin grinned.

"Now tell me. What's the plan to kill Chaos?"