
ChatGPT

Title: Episode 340 of the 100th Regression of a Max-Level Player

Episode 101 (Part 4)

Four days later, 2:40 AM.

Ryumin, who had been lying in bed, rose. It was a time when everyone else would be asleep, but he had things to do.

"I'm going to kill Nix."

Since he had already informed his younger brother, there was no need for farewells. Ryumin swiftly moved to the demon realm, setting a trap and waiting like a hunter for Nix to appear.

"He said he'd show up between 3 and 6, right?"

Ryumin waited, anticipating Nix's arrival, as Nix would likely find Plutonix's absence suspicious.

"Lubahi said he's a god belonging to the level just below Chaos, right?"

Although technically Artaros-class, Lubahi assured there was nothing to worry about. After all, Chaos weapons were designed to defeat all gods except Chaos.

"The more I think about it, the more unpleasant it feels. Being treated as a mere weapon."

Whether it was a messenger of Gaia or just a toy, it was all undesirable, but to kill Chaos, cooperation with Gaia was necessary. Whether he liked it or not.

"Taking advantage of the element of surprise, I'll finish it at dawn."

Preparing for the worst, Ryumin hid in the darkness, ready to use the Moonlight Island.

Around 4 AM, the nocturnal sounds echoed.

Tick-tock, tick-tock.

The goddess of the night, Nyx, appeared at the Demon Castle.

"Hmm, it seems there's a guardian. Why avoid contact if you're in the castle?"

Nyx muttered with a nasal tone, suddenly stopping her steps.

"A human in the Demon Castle... Ha! Is this the best you can do for hospitality?"

Nyx's eyes turned dark in an instant, and the surrounding darkness began to move.

"Oh no! I've been discovered!"

Ryumin tried to escape, but it was too late to avoid the darkness.

Kwaaah!

The darkness constricted around him, leaving no room for escape. Hiding in the shadows turned out to be a fatal mistake.

Swoosh.

Nyx snapped her fingers, and Ryumin, entangled in darkness, was dragged towards her like a criminal.

"You seem like a petty human. I am the goddess of the night. Did you think I couldn't find you hiding in the darkness?"

Nyx stared at Ryumin with a chilling gaze.
ChatGPT

"Tell me. Why did you try to ambush me? Was it Plutonix's orders?"

"..."

"You won't answer?"

Kwaaah!

Darkness engulfed Ryumin's entire body, squeezing him as if to extract answers.

"Do you think writhing in pain will help you regain your senses? Whose instructions are you following?"

"..."

"Still keeping your mouth shut? Ha! Seems like you don't value your life!"

Thud-thud-thud-

Ryumin's arms and legs twisted grotesquely.

However, Ryumin didn't utter a scream. Nick's involuntary admiration struck her at this sight.

"Oh, impressive for a human. Enduring the pain of contorted limbs."

"I didn't endure it."

The response came not from the front but from behind. Simultaneously, the human who was held captive in front of Nyx vanished like an illusion.

"A, a clone?"

Nyx, who was about to turn her head in surprise, froze when she felt a cold sensation around her neck.

"Move, and you die."

"Threatening a human...?"

Nyx, who was about to shout, was taken aback. Crimson blood flowed beneath her neck with a sharp pain.

"H-How could a mere human inflict a wound on me?"

Nyx's confusion was voiced through Ryumin.

"A petty human causing you surprise with a wound? But it seems like you were surprised. However, judging by appearances, it doesn't look like I'm human."

"S-So, are you claiming to be a divine being?"

"Probably. Seeing the same color of blood flow."

Nyx found it hard to believe. The immediate pain in her neck was evidence enough.

"S-So, could it be the reason Plutonix couldn't be contacted...?"

"Yes, I killed him. Killed him and took his place."

[...]

There were other gods Ryumin had killed afterward, but just the fact that he killed Plutonix was shocking enough for Nyx. Seeing her trembling like a frightened puppy.

"S-So, why are you doing this? Are you aspiring for the Demon Lord's position?"

"I do. I didn't even know I would become the Demon Lord."

"T-Then why? Why try to kill even me?"

'Why kill?'

There are various reasons for that. In the past, Nyx had given orders to Artaros.

To kill Ryumin.
ChatGPT

In the background, there was Chaos, but regardless, just the fact that he followed Chaos's orders was reason enough to kill him.

The fact that Nyx was the only god he currently knew also played a significant role.

"I have to kill him to complete the Soul Binding Quest."

But there was no need to straightforwardly reveal such facts.

"The reason is simple. You serve Chaos."

"Ch-Chaos?"

Nyx quickly shook her head. As her life was in jeopardy, she would likely seek a way out.

"Are you a human with a grudge against Chaos?"

"If that's the case?"

"If so, you shouldn't kill me even more. Chaos will surely revenge for my disappearance! You'll face retaliation for killing me!"

"I don't care. It might even make Chaos more cautious, which is better."

"What?"

Ryumin whispered in a cold tone, "Do you think I fear Chaos, based on what you've seen?"

"Y-You don't know the strength of that being."

'I don't know. I've experienced it enough already.'

Ryumin understands well that he still can't confront Chaos. The miserable results so far are evidence of that.

But killing Nyx will change the story. After completing the Soul Binding Quest, he can grow one step further and stand against Chaos.

That's why he must kill Nyx here.

"I'm not afraid. If you're coming, come. Well, whether Chaos realizes I killed you or not, how would it matter? Do you think humans could kill a god?"

It was true.

Even if Nyx were to die here, it would be difficult to pinpoint the culprit. To put it bluntly, there's a high probability of getting away with murder.

Realizing this fact, Nyx, who had been silent for a while, spoke up.

"I-I want to propose a... deal."

"A deal?"

"Your goal is to eliminate the followers of Chaos, right?"

"That's correct, but..."

"If you spare my life, I'll take you to where Chaos's followers are."

"Selling out your comrades?"

"If I'm the only one who can survive, I don't care whether those bastards live or die."

Ryumin subtly raised the corner of his mouth from behind.

If he could kill other gods as well, it would be even better.

"Fine. Lead the way."
ChatGPT

"Before that, let's write the Soul Contract. As a condition for sparing me... Ah!"

As the scythe gained strength, blood trickled down from Nyx's neck.

"I told you to lead the way. Once I determine your words aren't lies, then I'll decide whether to spare you or not."

"That's..."

Nyx, who was about to protest, had no choice but to accept it as the power of the scythe struck her again.

"Alright, I understand. Let's do it that way."

Even though making a verbal promise would be useless, Nyx had no other option.

Could there be any room for negotiation when a blade is about to enter your throat?

"I'll warp you to the location of those guys."

"Fine."

A moment later, as darkness enveloped them, the two individuals at the Demon Castle disappeared simultaneously.

Holding Nyx's hand, Ryumin wrinkled his forehead as they warped.

The pungent smell of sulfur and the stench of decaying bodies simultaneously irritated his nose.

"Where is this?"

"In the deepest part of the afterlife, Tartaros, an underground prison."

"A prison? Did you bring me to prison?"

As Ryumin's sharp crimson scythe threatened her neck, Nyx became flustered.

"Yes, I came because you desired Chaos's followers. I did not come here with malicious intent. Truly."

"Who's down here?"

"Erebos, the god of darkness. He's guarding this place."

"Why is he in prison? Did he commit a crime?"

"No, he's just in charge of managing Tartaros. The beings imprisoned here are insignificant creatures."

"Being held captive by such insignificant creatures must be quite uncomfortable, right?"

"... "

Nyx became speechless at Ryumin's pointed words.

Internally, she could only swallow curses.

"Cursed! He's like a damn human! Tear him apart! Well, let's endure a bit. If I endure a bit more, I'll be free."

When Nyx turned her head, she awkwardly spoke.

"F, Follow me. I'll guide you to Erebos."

Ryumin silently followed her.

It was his first time in this place, but he wasn't anxious.

Nyx's intentions were already read, and he knew she was planning something.

"She probably intends to trap me in the underground prison, but that's not going to happen."

Nyx was well aware that she couldn't survive here.
ChatGPT

She was convinced that the human would kill her once they arrived at the agreed-upon location.

Wasn't it her who suggested writing the Soul Contract in the first place, not trusting the human?

That's why she came up with this contingency plan, but as long as Ryumin could hear her inner thoughts, it was in the palm of his hand.

"H-Here we are. This is it."

Standing in front of a massive iron grille, Nyx gestured for Ryumin to follow.

However, Ryumin didn't take a step forward.

He swung the scythe, aiming for Nyx's heart.

Swoosh!

"Cough! Wh-Why...?"

"Did you think I wouldn't know you planned to trap me in here after locking you in the cell alone?"

Creak...

Trembling, Nyx finally lowered her head.

Then, a message that had been anticipated appeared.

[Experience Points +6,000,000,000] [The acquired experience points have exceeded 100,000.] [Experience points are converted into 60,000 stat points.] [Level up!] [Level up!] [Level up!]

...

...

[You have achieved level 400!] [From now on, the amount of stats gained per level up will increase to 33!]

With the increase of 6 billion experience points, his level dramatically rose.

"I'm now level 403."

He also gained nearly 63,000 stat points in one go.

But the good news didn't stop there.

[Soul Gauntlet absorbs the soul of the slain deity.] [The soul 'Nyx' has been stored in the gauntlet.] [Extracting the abilities of the soul 'Nyx.'] [... Extraction successful!] [Learned a new temporary skill 'Master of Darkness!'] [Temporary skill – Master of Darkness]

Effect: As a passive skill, completely dominates darkness. Can exercise various physical abilities using darkness.

He acquired a skill that allowed him to manipulate darkness as if it were a martial art.

However, all of this was just additional rewards.

The true reward that Ryumin desired was different.

└ Kill Deities

└ Current number of deities killed (4/4)

└ Upon success ▶ Proceed to 2nd Deification

Upon seeing the rewards, Ryumin smiled.

He had learned from Luvahi that deification was not a one-time thing.
ChatGPT

By killing four deities, confirming his strength and motivation to confront the gods, Gaia had designed the process for the second deification to progress.

In a way, Ryumin had been a half-fledged deity up until now.

"It was said that the second deification must take place for a perfect deity."

The absence of Tera Energy, a sensation that any deity could feel, was for this reason.

[Soul Bond Quest completed.] [As a reward for the Soul Bond Quest, '2nd Deification' will proceed.] [Analyzing user's soul...] [This soul has already undergone deification once.] [2nd Deification will transform the soul's attributes into a complete divine state.] [Sync tuning in progress...] [Transforming the soul's attributes into divinity...] [Progress 5%...] [Progress 26%...] [Progress 47%...] [Progress 68%...] [Progress 89%...] [Progress 100%...] [2nd Deification transformation process complete.] [User's soul is imbued with infinite divine power.] [From now on, the user can utilize the fundamental 'Tera' of the gods.]

The process of the second deification was unremarkable.

It proceeded quietly, just like the first time.

However, there was a clear difference.

"I can feel it. Tera energy."

The energy, amplifying the power of the gods, was filling Ryumin's soul.

"How much Tera do I have now?"

With eager anticipation, Ryumin focused his mind.

As he did, the amount of energy filling his body was quantified.