
ChatGPT

Title: "The 100th Regression of a Max Level Player - Episode 344"

Episode 344, Round 101 (8)

"Who is that? The one with the Black Scythe."

Archangel Artaros received orders from Chaos.

To participate as the 20th round boss, a simple mission to stop a human named Black Scythe and his companions.

"I thought you weren't interested in the games of the gods...."

It was an unusual command, but Artaros had no doubts, especially since Chaos promised to grant his wish once this task was completed.

"Black Scythe, did you say? Regardless of who he is, to catch the attention of Lord Chaos... his luck is truly filthy."

Although it was luck, on the other hand, curiosity arose.

To attract the interest of the primordial gods to the insignificant race of humans...

Artaros's eyes scanned the humans.

A figure holding a scythe, true to the name Black Scythe, was visible.

"Is that him? The one who killed a god."

Artaros had already received information about Black Scythe from Chaos.

Someone who killed dozens of divine beings, a human worthy of being killed.

When Artaros asked how such a thing could happen to a human, Chaos only responded that they were toys of Gaia.

"Whatever. As long as I follow the orders."

A hunting dog is good as long as it hunts well.

Regardless of who Black Scythe is, Artaros will definitely kill him.

That's what Chaos sent him for.

"You insignificant creatures. You can no longer proceed...."

Without speaking further, Artaros created a radiant sword.

It was to respond to the unexpected preemptive attack from Black Scythe's sudden scythe.

"Hmm?"

Was his field of vision splitting into two?

"What's happening...."

Only belatedly did Artaros realize that he couldn't even react, and his body was torn into two.

Splat

"Don't let your guard down just because he's dead. This guy is immortal."

Before Ryu Min's words could finish, Artaros's split body miraculously fused back together.

[Impressive human. It was beyond my reaction. The rumors of slaughtering divine beings weren't false.]

"Don't be surprised. It's just the beginning now."

[As much as your confidence, I'll give you a co...]
ChatGPT

Unable to utter a word, Artaros once again lost his life.

Despite the penalty being applied, resurrection was futile.

"Now that it begins."

In a mocking manner, Ryu Min completely toyed with Artaros.

Having already killed dozens of divine beings and shown overwhelming growth in stats, Ryu Min had reached a level where entities like Artaros posed hardly any threat.

Two times, three times... ten times.

Dying without offering any resistance, Artaros's stoic face showed a slight change.

"Admit it. You are stronger than me. But what about your other comrades?"

During the time it took for Artaros's body to reconstruct, he prepared a wide-area skill.

During this moment, he was invincible, and no one could interfere with his spell.

However, Ryu Min, who had already experienced this fact, was not unaware.

"Do not give him a chance to use the wide-area skill."

Ryu Min used the temporary skill he obtained from Moros, the Time of Doom.

A skill that could control the minds of those with malicious intent, preventing them from using skills if affected.

But...

"The opponent is too formidable." "The skill is canceled."

It didn't work on Artaros.

"It seems to only work on opponents of lower caliber."

Helpless, Ryu Min decided to use the same method as before.

Snap

Suddenly turning around, Ryu Min grabbed his head, and Artaros frowned.

"What are you doing...."

Although Artaros tried to resist, he couldn't do anything against the significant difference in strength.

Like a newborn baby held by an adult.

"Does the human surpass my power so immensely?"

Was that why?

Without much difficulty, Ryu Min could open Artaros's mouth and administer a potion.

A potion that instantly erases memories, turning them into a blank slate.

"What are you feeding me...!"

Although Artaros tried to spit it out, Ryu Min closed his mouth and forced the potion down his throat.

Then, a change occurred.

Artaros closed his eyes as if drowsy, and Ryu Min could scroll through his memories like flipping through a film.

"Erase everything, even the memories of Chaos."
ChatGPT

In the previous encounter, Ryu Min only erased the abilities to manipulate him, but this time, there was no need to be lenient.

To the extent of losing language, Ryu Min completely turned Artaros into a fool and extracted himself from the guy's memories.

["Wha...t..."]

Artaros stared into empty space with unfocused eyes.

From him, there was no longer a trace of the dignity of a god.

"Now, let's finish this round."

Ryu Min, with the eyes of insight, could discern Artaros's weaknesses.

└ Weakness: 10,000 times cutting the soul with the Branch of Conflagration.

"Just as I heard from Luvahi."

The method to kill Artaros under the curse of immortality was to use the Branch of Conflagration, capable of burning the soul.

Wearing the Branch of Conflagration while cutting the guy would gradually diminish his soul, as Luvahi had mentioned.

"One or two cuts won't be enough; it has to be ten thousand times. Then, even Artaros, with an immortal body, can be completely erased."

"The solution was in the weapon of Plunctos, but Artaros probably didn't know that."

His body could die without following Chaos.

"Anyway, by killing him, I can clear the 20th round. It's a bit bothersome to swing it ten thousand times, though."

Already in a state of wearing the Branch of Conflagration, the scythe moved like a red whip.

Swish, swish!

Each time the scythe passed, the flesh was torn, but Artaros didn't even scream.

As if he had forgotten even the pain, he just stood there like a wax doll.

"If I destroy Artaros like this, I can conquer the round, but..."

Chaos wouldn't just watch this situation unfold.

Even if he didn't know, Chaos would be scrutinizing this situation.

Sure enough, as space opened up, Chaos appeared.

"You humans are quite something. Playing around with Artaros completely."

Expressing admiration, the one who appeared swept a large eye across the scene.

"But now that I'm here, you won't be able to return alive."

Chaos's eyes flickered with a purple light.

At that moment, comrades who had locked eyes began aiming weapons at each other.

It was Chaos's mental attack.

"From now on, kill each other."

"We can't just let that happen."
ChatGPT

Having already prepared a countermeasure, Ryu Min activated his command function.

"Everyone, snap out of it! Everyone here is on the same side. Do not attack! It's an order!"

This ability to dominate players of lower levels had no restrictions on the number of people it could affect.

Was it because of this?

As 96 players snapped out of their illusions, they sheathed the weapons they were about to swing.

"Better than having a domination limit."

Casually blocking mental domination, Chaos widened its eyes in surprise.

[So even you...]

Directly looking at Ryu Min, but with the runic mental barrier, mental attacks had no effect.

"Do you think such a thing would work on me?"

[Arrogant...!]

Infuriated, Chaos opened a spatial rift to summon a mortal spear.

The arrogant Black Scythe and the insects here were supposed to be dealt with personally.

However, as if already aware of this, Ryu Min leaped, slashing at Chaos's eyes.

It felt like cutting through empty space.

Not quite; it was a phase shift that sensed the attack, changing the space 0.1 seconds before and evading it.

[Foolish. Your attack can't reach me...]

However, Chaos was left in awe.

The attack that it thought it had avoided seemed to be tracking back towards itself.

[What?]

In his bewilderment, Chaos twisted space to dodge the attack.

But even after twisting the path twice more, Ryu Min's damage still followed.

Ryu Min's attack, imbued with Terra energy, continued to track Chaos, eventually landing a hit.

[Grrraaah!]

Unexpectedly, a scream echoed, and Ryu Min curled his lips in satisfaction.

"It worked."

Crafting the scythe that could cut through the Eternal Weapon of Darkness, Ryu Min combined his attack with Terra energy to strike Chaos.

Although Chaos managed to evade, it expended energy to pursue the attack until the end.

The result was Chaos's scream of agony.

"Worth the second godhood."

With determination to finish the job, Ryu Min attacked Chaos.

Swinging the scythe towards its eyeball, Chaos tried to dodge with a phase shift, but it proved futile.
ChatGPT

Because the power infused with Terra could finally track its location and inflict damage.

["Ugh, this inferior human!"]

Experiencing the humiliation of being attacked by a creature for the first time, Chaos roared in frustration, but that was it.

The only thing it could do was fold space to escape Ryu Min's pursuit, avoiding his attacks.

"This way, he won't find an opportunity to attack."

The problem was that Chaos's constant evasive maneuvers lengthened the tracking process.

As tracking continued, the Terra that Ryu Min had accumulated rapidly depleted.

"Without realizing it, I've already consumed 30 million worth of Terra."

He hadn't even landed a proper attack yet, and just tracking Chaos, who was constantly evading, had already consumed this much Terra.

"But attacks still don't seem to be effective."

Realizing that having ample Terra allowed him to deliver a blow to Chaos, the issue was the limited quantity. Moreover, knowing that evasion alone was not a solution, Chaos, even in the midst of its busyness, created a spatial distortion.

A crimson lance protruded like blood.

It was a lance of instant death that could track a target and kill it in one shot.

"Inferior creatures like you. I shall eradicate all of you from this place."

As Chaos thrust the lance, Ryu Min couldn't just keep attacking.

"This is the moment I've been waiting for. Rune of Superspeed."

As if waiting for it, Ryu Min activated the Rune of Superspeed, moving within the slowed-down time.

Just like before, he gathered allies in one place, placing Artaros in front as a shield.

"First, let's give up on Chaos and finish the round."

With the time constraint lifted, 97 lances pierced Artaros.

Phoo, phoo, phoo, phoo, phoo, phoo, phoo!

[Urgh!]

Finally feeling the pain, Chaos vomited crimson blood and collapsed forward.

[Round 20 boss has been defeated.] [Congratulations on clearing Round 20!] [The round will end shortly.]

Perhaps Chaos didn't expect Ryu Min to use Artaros as a shield and end the round.

[You, damned human, using such a cunning trick!]

Although the system initiated the forced end, allowing players to move on, Chaos did not give up.
ChatGPT

["Damn it. To think I would fall victim to the system I created. But you pathetic humans. It's too early to be pleased. I have plenty of time to kill you, even if it's just a moment."]

Chaos, uttering the same lines as in the previous round, once again conjured the lance of instant death.

Ninety-seven lances flew toward each player.

However, Ryu Min, who hadn't reached the maximum level for this, shouted at his teammates.

"Use your points to reach the maximum level!"

Since it was an order with the command function, there were no dissenting players.

Everyone used the points they had received from Ryu Min to increase their experience points.

With a dazzling maximum level effect, 96 players became invulnerable for one minute.

Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding!

The lances of instant death, shining in golden light, were powerless and bounced off the invulnerable players.

Although Ryu Min was already at the maximum level and didn't benefit from the invulnerability effect, he didn't need to bother blocking the lances.

["Received a lethal attack."] ["Rune of Knight's Resurrection is activated."] ["Reflecting the attacker's attack."]

Since the lance of instant death was redirected back to Chaos.