
ChatGPT

Title: "Episode 348 of the 100th Regression of a Max-Level Player"

The Full Story of the Incident (3)

Having heard the detailed design from Min Dojun, Gaia found Chaos.

And she spoke of the design she had come up with.

[Shall we incorporate a game system familiar to humans? It's quite a good idea.] [Don't give me a proper compliment.] [No, it's not a proper compliment, it's sincere. You have talent in this area, born with the power of creation.] [Then I'll go ahead and create it this way.] [Come by occasionally for confirmation, since I need to see if the system is well-made.]

Without a response, Chaos turned abruptly and laughed towards Gaia.

'Bringing ideas directly. Surprising, isn't it?'

He thought the threat had worked, but he didn't know.

Gaia was collaborating with Min Dojun to design a weapon to resist him.

Over a long period, the system was completed.

A space of another dimension to proceed up to round 20 was created, and life that would live there like NPCs was also created.

Humans, elves, dwarfs, kingdoms, empires, monsters, and more.

Following Min Dojun's advice, it was created based on familiar game fantasy novels for humans.

Although they were creations made for the rounds, they were, in essence, real living beings.

'Now the preparations are complete.'

Using the power of Chronos, he created a rune for time reversal and set it to be triggered randomly on one human.

Who it would be, no one knew, but that person would undergo divinization through 100 regressions and become a transcendent being.

'Can humans really kill my intended creations and achieve the second divinization through 100 regressions?'

Originally, it was impossible for one deity to take another deity's Terra, but Gaia was a true deity of creation.

He could design the impossible to be possible.

Looking closely, other deities were also creatures born of their own creation.

'I have to raise humans by sacrificing the gods....'

It couldn't be helped.

To break free from the constraints of Chaos, humans had to be strengthened.

Until he could kill the gods, accumulate 100 billion Terra, and possess the power to defeat Chaos.
ChatGPT

Certainly, he wouldn't be left alone to fight.

'If Chronos and I assist, it might not be impossible to annihilate Chaos.'

Gaia wished.

'A weapon to resist Chaos. I hope it grows into a blade that strikes the neck of the gods, just as I designed....'

Some time later, the Third Celestial War began.

The result was predictable.

Once again, the demons emerged victorious, and the defeated celestials had to proceed with the program for the first time.

It was an uneasy atmosphere to have to nurture humans.

'Good. As planned, the rune of time reversal has been placed on a human.'

Among billions of humans, one fortunate person obtained the rune.

The fortunate human progressed through the rounds, undergoing 100 regressions, as planned.

Up to this point, everything went according to the design.

However, variables had a way of unexpectedly presenting themselves.

'Even after 100 regressions, they couldn't pass Round 20?'

The human did not grow as intended.

Enduring 100 regressions for an ordinary human was not an easy task.

Of course, Gaia was unaware of the records from the past iterations.

Even Gaia was affected by the regression.

She could only speculate on how many regressions had occurred by looking at the number of uses written on the rune.

'Damn, couldn't even make it past Round 20 with all the chances given....'

The attempt to nurture the human had failed, but Gaia did not despair.

The next Celestial War remained, and perhaps the humans there would succeed.

And so began the Fourth Celestial War.

Once again, the outnumbered celestials were defeated.

A four-time consecutive defeat for the celestials from the First to the Fourth Celestial Wars.

Naturally, the gods no longer placed their hopes on the celestials.

"Will the demons win again this time?" "Probably, right?" "You never know. The celestials might have trained human mercenaries well this time and bring them to the final round." "Even so, how strong can human mercenaries be?" "Still, just in case, I'll place my bet on the celestials with high odds." "I'll play it safe and bet on the demons."

Regardless of what the gods said, the demons won, and the defeated celestials found another world, proceeding with a program to abduct humans once again.
ChatGPT

However, despite expectations, no human passed Round 20, and once again, it was anticipated that the celestials would suffer defeat.

However, an unexpected turn of events occurred.

In the Fifth Celestial War, the celestials, for the first time, overcame an overwhelming gap and achieved victory.

Without the help of human mercenaries.

[Th-The celestials won!] [Ah, if I had known this, I would have bet on the celestials....] [Damn it! I almost bet my entire Terra on the demons' victory!]

Emotions mixed, and the victorious celestials were promoted to become the Seven Archangels.

In contrast, Gaia couldn't help but feel uneasy.

'Unable to pass even Round 20... It's meaningless to insert a rune for 100 regressions at this rate, isn't it?'

Unable to just wait for things to unfold as they were, Gaia sought permission from Chaos.

[The difficulty of the rounds seems too high. How about making some adjustments to the settings?] [I was actually thinking the same. Fine. Let's lower the difficulty a bit. Don't mess with the big picture, though.] [Okay.]

Smiling subtly, Gaia secretly tampered with the system behind Chaos's back.

She made it easier to obtain the previously challenging Death Class advancement item by killing either celestials or demons.

Additionally, if a combat angel or a high-ranking demon was killed, it would now grant a tremendous buff called "Blessing of the Devil" or "Blessing of the Angel."

'This should make growth easier.'

Furthermore, she set it up so that if the Seven Archangels or the top 10 elite demon nobles were killed, it would trigger the First Divinization.

'With accelerated growth, this should be easily achievable.'

She also didn't forget to lower the difficulty of each round as Chaos demanded.

After making these adjustments, the defeated demons initiated the program for the first time.

Was it because of the lowered difficulty?

Surprisingly, demons managed to produce human mercenaries until the final round.

Even though there was only one, it was the only human who had undergone 100 regressions.

'Player [StrongSik] has reached the final round.'

Unfortunately, StrongSik was not the human Gaia desired.

Even after 100 regressions, he did not possess the formidable strength she had hoped for.

'Such a foolish human. To think that one can rapidly grow without killing celestials and demons....'
ChatGPT

Not only that, but in the end, he made a wish to become rich.

From the perspective of the gods, a rather ordinary wish.

'Is it really so difficult to find someone capable of killing celestials and demons, growing, and meeting with Luvahia?'

Eventually, they could only anticipate the Seventh Celestial War, and at that time, when disappointment was again expected.

Gaia finally faced it.

The weapon to resist Chaos, the Black Scythe.

[How is it? Is the current Black Scythe performing well?] [It's doing well. I acquired the Death Class a long time ago and have been steadily ranking first in every round.] [Really?]

At Min Dojun's words, Gaia's eyes lit up.

The talent she had been waiting for had finally appeared.

In contrast, Min Dojun's expression was overwhelmingly dark.

[Why is your expression like that? Even in the eyes of the God of Massacre, he seems to be growing well, doesn't he?] [That may be true, but he doesn't seem interested in capturing the crucial Archangels.] [Why not?] [It seems to be because of the influence of the god named Artaros. Due to his intervention in the 68th iteration, there seems to be a perception that the Archangels are unattainable.] [Ah, Artaros intervened?]

When a regression occurs, everyone's memories except for the Black Scythe are erased.

Due to this, Gaia had no recollection of what had happened in the previous iteration.

Only Min Dojun, who was not affected by regression, could observe the situation.

That's why they met like this, seeking advice.

[Why did Artaros meet the Black Scythe?] [In Round 16, Artaros intervened after seeing the Black Scythe overpoweringly kill a combat angel. He then pressured the Black Scythe and asked various questions about how it could possess such power.] [That happened....] [Of course, the Black Scythe didn't say anything, but Artaros used his abilities to erase the memories of their encounter. Well, he left the memories up to that point. But because of that, a prejudice was formed that the Archangels were powerful.] [Ah....]

Unfortunately, due to Artaros's interference, the weapon to resist Chaos was compromised.

'Artaros, because of that damn guy, the plan has gone awry!'
ChatGPT

Annoyed as she was, Gaia couldn't blame Artaros. After all, he was the general of the celestials she had created in the early stages. Since he had elevated the status of celestials to gods in consideration of the war's merit, she couldn't fault him.

"It's because of me. I needlessly turned Artaros into a god..."

Moreover, he had gone to a dimension of Earth that should not be accessible and ended up cursed with immortality. In a way, he returned stronger.

Of course, Chaos could destroy him, but it was already too late to ask for his death.

"According to the information on the rune, it's now the 99th iteration. There's no time."

How could they guide the Black Scythe to kill the Archangels? How could they...

"Do you know it's the 99th iteration now? We're approaching the end. What are you going to do?" "How does the God of Massacre see it? Do you think the Black Scythe will pass Round 20?" "Given the current level, it should easily pass."

This meant that instead of capturing an Archangel, the Black Scythe would reach the Wishing Stone without even achieving divinization. In other words, the opportunity that had come after a long time had to be let go.

"How did we acquire such a weapon... What can we do..."

Contemplating, Gaia made a decision.

"I can't just let go of the talent we found after centuries." "What are you planning to do?" "There's still one chance, right?" "No way..."

Smirking, Gaia turned away. If she wanted to intervene before the Black Scythe conquered Round 20, time was of the essence.

"The story ends here. You have come up to the 100th iteration, enduring various trials."

Gaia's story came to an end.

Though it was a long tale in her words, summarizing it was simple.

"To protect my son Chronos, I engaged in these actions. As a mere human, I became entangled as a tool against Chaos."

She was just Gaia's toy and weapon. Realizing this fact, Ryumin's atmosphere became heavy.

Gaia, surprisingly, caught onto Ryumin's gaze like a primordial deity.

"Why? The Black Scythe? Are you feeling upset? Is it because your existence is driven by my personal grudge?"

"No."

Ryumin's voice was heavy.
ChatGPT

"You used me as a weapon against Chaos; I understand that. I knew it from the moment we joined forces. I willingly joined hands with you for the purpose of Chaos, even though I knew. Because we had a common goal."

[Then isn't everything settled?]

"But there's one thing missing from the story."

[What is it?]

"The act you committed in the 99th iteration to not miss the last opportunity. What was that?"

[I'll remain silent on that matter.]

Gaia closed her mouth.

As long as she didn't lie, not speaking didn't violate the contract.

But Ryumin also had his suspicions.

Since the information he got from Kang Hansik flashed through his mind.

"Did you tamper with the settings of the boss room? To prevent me from clearing it smoothly?"

[As I said, no comment...]

"Are you asking if I changed the entry conditions of the boss room, which even one person could pass, to require five or more?"

Ryumin's intense gaze focused on Gaia.

Facing that gaze, Gaia sighed as if giving up.

[Closing my mouth won't resolve the situation, will it?]

"Speak. The truth."

[Yes, I changed it. I did it to make sure you reached the 100th iteration from the 99th.]