

There were other reincarnators besides me.

Well, to be more precise, it would be better to express it as people who have regained memories of their past lives.

When I examined the characters bestowed on the high-spec magic tool "Citizen's Card," which was said to have been created by the genius mage, Kono Massita, I was surprised to find that the characters that appeared were in Japanese.

The moment I saw these characters, I understood the high specs of the Citizen's Card, but at the same time, several questions arose.

First, Massita passed away over two hundred years ago.

From the memories of my past life, two hundred years ago meant it was still the Edo period in Japan. I remembered that Perry arrived in Uraga in 1853, the year when "No, a miscalculation" became a pun for Perry's arrival. So, it was over thirty years before Perry's arrival.

This raises some questions. During the Edo period, when Japan was still in a closed state, I find it hard to believe that a personal authentication system like the Citizen's Card could be invented.

This suggests that Massita seems to have been reincarnated from a time close to my past life. However, the reincarnation occurred two hundred years earlier than the present time.

What could this mean? Does the timeline not matter for reincarnation, or is the flow of time different in this world compared to the world I came from?

This isn't something I can just answer like I did with the magic stones. It's one of the mysteries of the world, including reincarnation.

The only one who would know the answer to this is probably a god.

What I've learned from this incident is that the cycle of reincarnation extends between Earth and this world, and the sequence of time doesn't seem to matter much.

That's about it. There may be a connection with other worlds in the cycle of reincarnation, but it's impossible to prove.

But it's quite a coincidence that both Massita and I awakened. Were there other reincarnators from different countries? Even if there were, would they experience a revival of their past life memories like us? Maybe Massita and I are really rare cases, and there was some kind of unique occurrence that brought us together.

By the way, the book Tomo-jiisan gave me contained several stories about historical figures and heroes, including Massita. Among those stories, there were also tales of other awakened reincarnators...

Oh, maybe... That...

As I contemplated the various books I had, I remembered a particular one. It was a tale of a man who had been active in the era following Massita's time and who made a name for himself on the seas of Aelshyde.

"Let's see... I'm pretty sure I had it..."

While searching for the book on my bookshelf, I recalled the synopsis of the story. It was about a man in the shipping business who, during that time, used a method that was widely known today but was considered revolutionary at the time to sail the seas and amass a fortune.

His adventurous and turbulent life had been turned into a book.

"There it is!"

I finally found the book I was looking for on the bookshelf and examined its cover.

"This... probably belonged to an American originally..."

The title on the cover read:

"Captain Soro and the Eagle"

The story revolved around Harry Soro's childhood as a prologue, focusing on a man who built a small, highly maneuverable sailboat called the Eagle with the help of a shipwright and set out to sea. At first, Soro, who was ridiculed by others in the same profession due to the small size of the ship he had built, didn't mind it at all.

The reason was that he had a secret plan.

His secret plan was to use wind magic to propel the ship by directing it onto the sails. Even today, the common perception of magic leans towards its combat applications. During that time, nobody had ever thought of using magic to move a ship. Soro's unorthodox method of propelling a ship, coupled with the wind magic, allowed him to achieve faster speeds than other vessels, quickly making a name for himself in the shipping industry, despite the small size of his ship.

However, his journey wasn't without challenges. Rival shipping business owners tried to obstruct him, and he had to deal with pirates attacking during voyages. Even with a high-speed ship, he couldn't contend with storms and faced shipwrecks. During such times, he came across hidden treasures on deserted islands, leading to conflicts involving pirates, merchants, and nobles.

I don't know what part of the story was true or fictional, but as a young child, I used to read about Captain Soro's exhilarating adventures with excitement. At that time, I had never dreamt that there were other reincarnators besides me.

But now, I had discovered Massita, another reincarnator.

Then, considering the possibility of other reincarnators from this perspective, I began to think that this story might be an example of just that.

Today, it's a common technology, but back then, no one had thought of using wind magic to propel a sailboat by directing it onto the sails.

After Captain Soro introduced it, this method exploded in popularity and has become common knowledge for sailors. As a result, sailboats in this world achieve speeds that are incomparable to those of the past world.

The remarkable point to note here is that this technology, which no one had even thought of, was being used as a matter of course. Is it conceivable that someone would suddenly use something nobody else had tried before they even set sail?

Most likely, Soro had decided to use wind magic in such a way even before venturing out to sea. And if he intended to use wind magic, he needed a ship designed for that purpose. So, he built his own ship. In other words, he "knew it from the beginning."

And in the prologue during his childhood, there's a description:

"Harry Soro was an ordinary boy who, one day, fell from a cliff and was critically injured. He remained in a coma for several days, and everyone had nearly given up hope of him ever waking up. But at that moment, Harry miraculously regained consciousness. Afterwards, Harry suddenly became a genius and astonished the adults around him."

...This is a commonality between me and Captain Soro. When I was a baby, the carriage I was traveling with, presumably my parents, was attacked by monsters. During that incident, I went into a near-death state due to the shock and managed to escape the notice of the monsters. Then, an old man saved me, and I eventually recovered from the near-death state, retaining memories from my past life.

Perhaps Captain Soro had a similar experience. Falling from a cliff and ending up in a near-death condition, nearly at the brink of death. And when he recovered from that state, perhaps he also recalled memories from his past life.

The commonality between me, Captain Soro, and Massita is intriguing. However, Captain Soro's book includes stories from his childhood, whereas Massita is already an adult when introduced in the story.

It's a pity that the details of his childhood are not covered in the tale. If they were, maybe more commonalities would become apparent.

Is there a book that might contain such episodes? Ah, I remember one...

"Grandma was saying that she used to research Massita's past."

"Perhaps she knows something about Massita's childhood or has some related documents."

"I'll ask Grandma about it tomorrow."

"Anyway, the biggest reason I'm convinced that Captain Soro was an awakened reincarnator is... 'Maybe he turned the falcon into an eagle?' After all, he's Captain Soro!"

"'Stories from Massita's childhood?'"

"Yeah. Grandma, I was thinking about Massita and wondered if she knows anything about his childhood or similar stories."

"Why the sudden interest?"

The day after I found out Massita was a reincarnator, I asked Grandma if she knew any stories about Massita's childhood. As expected, she looked puzzled and wondered why I was asking.

"I read one of Massita's books yesterday after a long time. Then, I noticed that Captain Soro's book had stories about his childhood, but Massita's book didn't."

"I see, that's what it is."

Lately, Grandma has been reacting strongly when I try to do something.

"By the way, there aren't any stories about Massita's childhood in the books."

"Why not? Captain Soro's book has them."

"Captain Soro was considered a child prodigy since he was young, so there are quite a few childhood episodes. But Massita didn't make any significant moves until he reached adulthood and started making magical tools."

...The person behind Captain Soro didn't hold back, did they?

Massita must have refrained from making conspicuous moves as a child.

But that means there wouldn't be any stories from his childhood...

"However, I do have Massita's diary. Would that be alright?"

"You have that?!"

"Yes, Massita didn't pass on his magical enhancement techniques, but he ensured his descendants inherited them. His descendants have been passing down the great ancestor's diary through the generations. Massita was a diligent person; he kept a diary from his childhood, and I was asked to keep it safe when they wanted to protect it from the ravages of war."

"Oh, I see. But you still have it, right?"

"I do. I can't return it anymore."

"Why can't you return it?"

"Because of the Empire's invasion."

"Oh, I see. Massita's birthplace was invaded by the Empire."

"This is the time for Captain Soro to shine!"

...I should stop.

"About the country that was invaded by the Empire... I went there again after the situation calmed down, but unfortunately, Massita's descendants..."

Grandma shook her head as she said that.

They were erased...

Just because they were Massita's descendants...

Was the Empire always this unreasonable?

"It seems Massita's descendants used the magical tools he left behind to go on a rampage against the Empire. They caused quite a few casualties, and the Empire was furious. But in the end, they were outnumbered. All of Massita's magical tools were destroyed, and they were all wiped out."

No wonder they were targeted.

Or rather, the fact that Massita's magical tools didn't survive was because of his descendants.

"Now, Massita's diary, right? Just a moment."

Grandma said that and rummaged around in her spatial storage.

"Ah, here it is. This is it."

"Wow! This is quite a substantial amount for a diary starting from childhood."

"It's valuable information, so I take good care of it."

"Yeah. Thanks, Grandma."

And so, I obtained Massita's diary, an extremely valuable resource that I found useful.

"Oh, and one more thing."

"What is it?"

"Some parts have what look like encoded characters, but I haven't been able to decipher them. There are sections I don't know what's written there."

"Wow, really? Then I'll just skip those parts."

"Don't do that."

After discussing the contents of the diary with Grandma, I went to my room and began to read Massita's diary.

The diary from his childhood was indeed written in childlike handwriting and was quite hard to read.

But starting from a certain day, there was a gap in the dates, and the diary was updated after a while, with much neater handwriting...

"...This is remarkably neat."

It was written in much cleaner characters than you'd expect from a child.

And it explained why the diary hadn't been updated for a while.

The reason was...

"The memories from that time aren't clear, but it seems like I was run over by a carriage. I suffered a severe head injury, wandered near the brink of death. And when I woke up, the current me and the old me were mixed together... I can't accept this fact."

It was written like that.

...In Japanese.

"As I thought..."

Massita had also experienced returning from the brink of death.

And ever since I heard Grandma's story, I had a hunch that the cryptic characters were indeed in Japanese.

The description of awakening from the brink of death with memories of a past life was written in Japanese. The rest was written in this world's characters. They probably wrote such an unbelievable truth in unreadable characters in case it was read by someone else.

But with this, I figured out the conditions for awakening past life memories.

"Returning from the brink of death in childhood."

I'm quite certain that's the key.

During such moments, very rarely, past life memories might awaken.

Not everyone awakens.

Well... even if we know that, there's nothing we can do about it. This information must not be revealed under any circumstances because it would be disastrous if it were misused.

If someone intended to misuse it...

They might push a child to the brink of death, hoping that memories of another world would resurface while they recovered.

That would be truly diabolical.

We must never allow such a thing.

This is a truth that must be sealed forever.

I decided in my heart never to speak of this secret until the day I die.

With that resolve, I returned Massita's diary to Grandma.

"How was it? Did it have any interesting stories?"

"No, most of it was in the book. And there were some parts I couldn't read."

"I see. By the way... that code, it looks quite similar to the characters you use during granting..."

"It's just your imagination."

"Is that so?"

Grandma's sharp gaze was intimidating.

But this is a secret that absolutely must not be revealed.

Until just a while ago, I couldn't bring it up because I felt like I wouldn't be believed, and it made me feel as if my cheating would be exposed.

But now, things are different.

I had a very strong reason to never let it be known.

So, I returned to my room after somehow avoiding Grandma's skeptical gaze and contemplated the current situation in this world.

In the past, there seemed to be two individuals whose memories of different worlds had awakened.

It is believed that there were no others who awakened, but it's possible that there were some who went unnoticed.

In the current world, there probably aren't any.

Because...

There doesn't seem to be anyone here who is making a significant impact.