

Oug entrusted the three of us with the task of finishing off the dragon-like monster using Vibration Swords. We flew towards the creature as our conversation continued.

Miranda and I each had a Vibration Sword, while Tony wielded two.

"That's pretty cool, isn't it?"

"Shin, you wanna try it too?"

"Eh, I'm not so sure..."

"Hey, why are you saying that now!?"

I don't have a shield or anything, so I could technically go for a dual-wielding style, but I've never been taught dual-wielding by Michelle. Trying something I've never done before in a real fight is frightening.

But dual-wielding looks so cool. So, I was contemplating it, and Miranda chimed in.

"Oh, sorry, I'll be serious."

"You should've been serious from the start!"

"By the way, you're talking about being serious, but..."

"Huh?"

As I apologized to Miranda, Tony seemed like he wanted to say something.

"What's up, Tony?"

"In a situation like this, don't you usually start with a preemptive magic attack?"

"..."

"You idiot!! Who charges in without warning!?"

Tony pointed out the obvious, and both Miranda and I remembered it. Immediately after, Oug's reproachful voice echoed.

Oh no. The common practice was to immobilize the creature with magic first and then use the sword to strike. I inadvertently exchanged glances with Miranda, but unfortunately, the jet boots provided rapid movement, and we were already close to the dragon.

"Uooh!"

"Oops."

The dragons, whose movements were not halted by magic, naturally launched attacks at us. In our panic, Miranda and I failed to notice the impending attacks. Tony, who had anticipated the attacks, remained calm and gracefully dodged the vicious bite from the Tyrant Dragon.

With Tony on my right and Miranda on my left, I had no escape route, so I flew upwards.

"Close call... Uooh!"

Just when I thought I had dodged the Tyrant Dragon's bite, the Longneck Dragon that was behind it lunged at me with its bite attack.

I activated the jet boots once more to narrowly evade the Longneck Dragon's attack.

Damn, that long neck is a real nuisance. It seems that even flying in the air doesn't guarantee safety.

After dodging the attack from the Longneck Dragon and landing, Oug scolded us again.

"You idiots! I told you to finish it! Who starts with a preemptive attack!?"

"Sorry!! But Oug, more importantly, the Longneck Dragon behind us is in the way! I want to take it down first!"

It was a plan to distract Oug's anger, and it seemed to work. The Longneck Dragon was indeed obstructing us.

"Fine... then deal with the Longneck Dragon properly! Finish it off!"

Good, it seemed like we managed to get away with it. Oug quickly gave instructions to everyone and immediately began attacking with magic.

"Now... fire!"

"Yes!"

The magic Oug had instructed targeted not only the Longneck Dragon but also the Tyrant Dragon, Armor Dragon, and Horned Dragon. The dragon's skin had become tough due to their transformation into magical creatures, making magic ineffective. However, the combined power of everyone's magic was enough to deal significant damage to even these colossal creatures, forcing them to temporarily stop moving.

"Chance!"

In the midst of this, I activated my jet boots and soared into the air to finish off the Longneck Dragon. But it was worthy of being called the mightiest dragon. The Tyrant Dragon quickly recovered from the magic's damage and lunged at me.

"Shin!"

"Whoa!"

I managed to evade the Tyrant Dragon's bite, and I used its head as a stepping stone, as if by chance.

"He used it as a stepping stone!?"

Thor was shouting something, and it was perfect timing. I used the Tyrant Dragon's head as a stepping stone and continued flying towards the Longneck Dragon.

The Longneck Dragon didn't have the same durability as the Tyrant Dragon and had suffered considerable damage. This was a chance!

"Yaaah!"

My Vibration Sword struck down with full force, slicing the tree-like neck of the Longneck Dragon in two. The severed head crashed to the ground with a deafening thud.

I landed again using my jet boots and stood alongside Tony and Miranda.

"Impressive."

"Yeah, it's amazing to take down magical creatures that have transformed so easily..."

Tony and Miranda, who were swinging their swords together on the front lines, praised the act.

But, I could also hear voices from behind all this time.

"Another beheading, huh?"

"Seriously, Shin really likes beheadings, doesn't he!"

"No doubt about it. Wolfort is from the Beheading Tribe."

"Beheading Tribe? What's that?! It's the most efficient way!"

I couldn't help but retort to Oug, Alice, and Lynn's merciless critique.

Plus, there's such a long and thick neck right in front of me. Normally, you'd go for the neck, right?

While having this exchange, the situation changed.

"GYWAAAAAAAH!!!!"

"Oops."

Did the magical creatures get enraged by their comrade being taken down? The Tyrant Dragon, as well as the Armor Dragon and the Horned Dragon, roared and went into a frenzy.

"I wonder if magical creatures have a sense of camaraderie?"

"Who knows? What do you think?"

"Both of you, have a little more tension!"

It seemed that Tony was also bothered by the same thing I noticed, but Miranda didn't seem to be in a position to worry about that right now.

Anyway, we didn't take any damage from their roars this time, which was a relief. Now, if Miranda were in her usual condition, we could finish off the remaining dragons.

Before me was the Tyrant Dragon, in front of Tony was the Armor Dragon, and Miranda had the Horned Dragon.

"It's one for each of us now."

"Shall we show the true value of dual-wielding?"

"Ugh... I envy your confidence..."

Well, despite Miranda's half-hearted response, she should be okay based on her recent performance.

Now then...

"Now, let's finish the rest..."

"I told you not to rush in!!"

... Right!