

Alice and Lynn's simultaneous magic attacks echoed with a loud noise on the battlefield.

Noticing this, August briefly glanced in that direction and let out a sigh.

"Really... if they wanted to communicate, the headgear should be sufficient. Those two always lack seriousness."

August decided that he would have to give Alice and Lynn a lecture later, and he quickly refocused on his own battle.

"What... what the hell are you guys!?"

Before August, there was a demon who had an expression that perfectly matched the word "bewildered."

"Even if you ask what we are, we are the Ultimate Magicians. You should know that too, right?"

"Don't give me that! Just a month ago, we were on the same level! And yet... why are we being overwhelmed like this?"

"Well, you see... I'll just say it's the result of effort."

"You're mocking us!"

The demon was furious at August's response to his question.

Just one month.

By all conventional wisdom, it was inconceivable for demons to grow this much in just one month.

"What do you mean it's the result of effort? In the previous battle, you probably concealed your abilities, didn't you?"

Reports from the previous battle.

At that time, they mentioned that while Shin's power was a threat, the other members were equivalent to themselves. The report suggested that there was a fair chance of winning depending on their battle strategy.

However, in reality, they were now experiencing this complete domination.

It was no wonder that the demons had misunderstood.

But...

"It's frustrating. Even I'm not foolish enough to put my own life on the line."

"Shut up! I won't believe such words!"

"But it's true..."

The reason August and the others overwhelmed the demons was simple. They didn't stick to their old ways of fighting.

Someone brought it down to a two-on-one fight.

Someone introduced new magical tools.

Someone brought in a massive number of magical tools.

Someone abandoned combat altogether and focused on support.

On the other hand, the demons did not change their way of fighting.

Arrogance due to becoming demons.

Underestimation, viewing August and the others as mere children with limited combat experience.

However, the most significant reason was...

"They keep changing their fighting methods... Don't you demons have any pride in yourselves?"

The pride that came with becoming a demon and possessing overwhelming power.

That pride hindered the demons from changing their fighting methods.

Against such demons, August declared, "Well, pride, huh? We don't have that!"

"What!?"

He said it firmly.

"Hey, aren't you... You're the crown prince, right!? Why don't you have any pride in your own power?"

"Even if you say that... Our power, ultimately, isn't something we've gained ourselves. It's a power given to us by Shin. It's not a power we've earned. How could we have any pride in that?"

Upon hearing August's words, the demon smirked.

"...Hah! What's this? A prince from a great nation like you fighting with borrowed power? This is just laughable."

"Trying to provoke me is pointless. Everyone understands that."

"Dammit."

"Oh, and one more thing," August said.

He began gathering magic power.

"This power was 'given,' it's not 'borrowed.'"

Then, August converted the gathered magic power into a spell.

"What?!"

The demon was speechless when they saw the magic.

In August's right hand was a fire spell, and in his left hand was a swirling wind spell.

"Simultaneous activation of magic!?"

"Given to me by Shin and already my own. I haven't neglected the effort required for that!"

Saying this, August released the magic.

"Haah!"

The fire magic released by August, along with the simultaneously released wind magic, created a massive firestorm that engulfed the demon.

"Damn it!"

"Burn to ashes!"

August continued to release magic for a while, and when he finally released it, all that remained was the charred remains of the demon.

August looked down at the demon's remains.

"Pride, huh? Of course, I have it too. But..."

Then, August turned his gaze to the other demons around.

"That is the pride of the guardians of humanity!"

Saying that, August went to confront the demons in order to protect humanity.