content strategy
for a newsletter featuring free local weekend events
2 / 2

And when I saw that expression...

I made a decision.

When I visited a room in the Imperial Castle, what entered my ears was the crying of a baby, crying as if it were on fire.

The moment I heard that crying, the one who rushed to the baby's side faster than anyone else was Sicily.

Sicily, holding the crying baby to her chest, gently cooed to soothe it.

"There, there, it's all right now... There's nothing to be afraid of anymore..."

While saying this, Sicily, while cradling the baby, had an expression filled with maternal love.

After crying for a while, the baby finally settled down, and began to breathe quietly in Sicily's arms.

"Now... the last issue remains... What should we do with this child?"

I said this while looking at Sicily and the baby. Unusually, I said it with a troubled expression.

The last remaining issue.

It was the question of what to do with Sylvester, the child of Strom and Millia.

This child, although human, was born to parents who were both demons.

We couldn't imagine what might happen in the future.

Will nothing happen?

Or...

Deciding how to handle such a child would likely be difficult for Oug.

But... my heart was already set.

"Oug."

"What is it?"

"That child... I... we will raise."

When I said that, everyone looked at my face all at once.

Their faces showed expressions of disbelief.

Except for Sicily.

"Shin, my dear..."

Sicily said, tears welling up, smiling with joy.

"I was asked by Millia, after all. Please take care of this child."

As I said this, I gently stroked the head of the sleeping Sylvester.

"Yes... Yes!"

Sicily said this, then jumped into my chest while still holding Sylvester.

I held Sicily like that and murmured.

"Let's raise this child properly."

"Yes... Definitely... Just as Millia wished... I will make this child happy."

Sicily, even as tears streamed down her face, had a determined expression.

But...

Was this response better or worse?
Better
Worse
Same

"Fool! Are you in your right mind? Shin!"

Oug raised his voice in protest.

With Oug's loud words, Sylvester began to fuss slightly.

"There, there, it's okay, it's okay."

"You fool, keep your voice down!"

"Oh, sorry... But that's not it! What are you thinking, raising a demon's child like this?"

As I muttered quietly while soothing Sylvester, who had started fussing, Oug also spoke in a hushed voice, expressing his anger.

"Even if you say that, what's the alternative?"

"Well... we could leave him in an orphanage or put him up for adoption..."

"In the end, someone has to raise him. We said we wouldn't kill the child, didn't we?"

"Ugh..."

"I told you, in case of emergency, I'll take responsibility. And... if we put him up for adoption, it might as well be with us."

"Well, that's true, but..."

"Besides... I hope it doesn't come to that, but... if there's any abnormality with this child, it would be easier to handle if he's with us, right?"

"..."

Some kind of abnormality.

I didn't say it explicitly, but it referred to the possibility of the child turning into a demon.

If that were to happen in an orphanage or a regular household... it would be impossible to contain the damage.

So, it's better if we take care of it from the beginning.

Of course, it's better if such a thing never happens.

But I couldn't find a better reason to convince Oug.

Reluctantly, I persuaded Oug this way.

After some contemplation, Oug eventually let out a deep sigh.

"Ah... If that's the reason, there's no one better suited than you."

"So...?"

"Yeah. But in exchange, you must take full responsibility for raising him. Report anything immediately if something happens. Promise me."

"Yes!"

"Yay!"

Oug's declaration was met with even more excitement from the women than from me.

Everyone crowded around Sicily, who was holding Sylvester.

"Hey, Sicily, let me hold him too."

"Sure, but... are you okay, Maria?"

As Sicily said this, she handed the now fully awake Sylvester to Maria.

"Like this, right?"

"Yes, that's right. Support his head like that."

"Okay... so small... so warm..."

Maria, holding Sylvester to her chest, had a melting expression.

I've never seen Maria make such a face before.

Sylvester, passed from one woman's arms to the next, finally started fussing when he was held by Miranda.

"Huh? Why? What's wrong?"

"Maybe it's because your arms are a bit stiff?"

"No way!"

Despairing at Maria's merciless words, Miranda. The other women surrounded Miranda, laughing.

Watching this scene, Oug muttered, "Were you planning to do this from the beginning?"

"No, not really."

"Then why?"

"Because Millia..."

"Millia?"

"Yeah, Millia told Sicily to take care of that child just before she died. Sicily seemed determined, and I thought I would support her."

Sicily seemed determined when Oug mentioned that there was one more problem to resolve, and she was the first to rush to Sylvester. I quickly understood that she wanted to fulfill Millia's last wish and raise the child.

And also...

"I was adopted myself."

"...That's right."

"I received a lot of love from my grandparents as I was growing up. Of course, I intend to repay them for that love in the future, but..."

Saying this, I looked at Sylvester, who had become quite popular among the women.

"I wanted to share this love with others."

"I see."

After that, Oug didn't say anything else.

Supporting Sicily's determination was indeed my true intention. However, I also wanted to pass on the affection I received from my grandparents to the next generation.

So...

I entered the circle of women and took Sylvester into my arms.

"I will make sure to raise you with love, Silver."

Holding Sylvester... Silver in my arms, I said this, and...

"Udaa!"

Silver laughed and said that.