 with concepts
for a retro-style arcade game

A few days after the test flight of the completed flying boat in Els, we had returned to Els once again.

This time, it was to finally head to Quanlong.

On the flying boat, there were Elsian merchants and officials responsible for determining the currency exchange needed for trade and for establishing diplomatic relations, but I knew someone.

"Well, Demon Lord, it's been a while."

"Yes, it has been a while, Mr. Navar."

Yes, he was Mr. Navar, whom I had met during the Three Nations Conference before.

As far as my impression goes, I can only remember him as a lively character after the conference, but he was an elite representing Els even back then at the Three Nations Conference.

Naturally, he had been selected as an ambassador this time to establish diplomatic relations between Els and Quanlong.

"But seriously, you've made quite a thing again."

"Well, I accepted the request."

"Really... It's just a shame that we can't negotiate directly."

"Huh?"

"Oh, no! But it was a bit unexpected that all the members of the Ultimate Magicians are accompanying us."

"Well, that's true, but..."

This time, the purpose of going to Quanlong was to establish diplomatic relations and trade, as well as for the treatment of Shaolin's sister.

In that case, it should have been enough to have just Sishily, and me as a backup, along with the escorts provided by Els if needed. However, all the members of the Ultimate Magicians were also on board this flying boat.

"I have something that's been bothering me a bit..."

"Bothering you... How big of a concern are we talking about?"

"Well, it's more of a concern, and it should be fine if it turns out to be nothing."

"I see."

I gave a somewhat vague answer to Navar's question.

It's just speculation, and it's fine if it's not a problem, but I can't help but think that way.

It's been almost two years since the enactment of that decree.

I just can't get that concern out of my head.

"Well, please think of us as part of the escort."

"Oh, we had some impressive escorts..."

Navar and the members of the diplomatic mission were saying things like, "This is reassuring," but they seemed relaxed.

Well, we weren't exactly invading an enemy country.

We were going to negotiate with a country we hadn't had diplomatic relations with before, so there shouldn't be any real danger.

... I think.

I wonder how it is around there?

Well, I don't think Elsian merchants would slack off on information gathering. They probably got enough information from people like Shaolin and Liefan.

That's probably why they're so relaxed.

But still, is there no fear of flying through the air from now on? In my past life, there were quite a few people who were afraid of flying.

"Oh, well, I'm looking forward to it. I can't wait to get back on this flying boat after taking it for a test drive."

"I wasn't invited, so I missed out. I envy everyone's stories."

"Well, it's really amazing. It changes your perspective on life."

They were having such a conversation.

It feels like the curiosity about flying through the air outweighs the fear of falling from a great height.

Is that really the case?

By the way, about the pilots, it seems they decided to have two people operate the flying boat in shifts.

Including backup pilots, there are four pilots on board.

Well, with this arrangement, there shouldn't be any risk of crashing even if something happens to one of the pilots.

As we were discussing this, it was time for departure.

Once again, no one took their seats, and everyone in the diplomatic mission except us was glued to the windows.

Well, we're used to flying in the air.

"Alright, we're departing."

After the pilot's words, the flying boat slowly began to ascend.

Whether it was their first time on board or not, everyone raised their voices in awe.

Eventually, Els' capital became the size of a diorama, and we started horizontal movement.

There was more cheering.

"Well, it's like they're all children."

"Well, it can't be helped. We, on the other hand, are used to flying in the air."

"Well, we can't fly in the air without Lord Shin's power, though."

Seeing the excited Elsian diplomatic mission, Aug let out a sigh.

Well, I think Thor's right, but they're still getting a bit too carried away.

It seems like there are a lot of lively people in Els, after all.

"By the way, how long until we reach Quanlong?"

While watching the enthusiastic members of the diplomatic mission, Maria asked me that question.

I can't really say for sure; it's my first time in this country.

I thought that and looked at Shaolin, but she still shook her head.

"I'm sorry. It definitely took a year on foot, but it might have been faster if it wasn't through the desert. Also, I don't know how fast this flying boat is..."

Yeah, that's true.

A desert is probably more difficult to walk through compared to normal plains, and it's natural for it to take time.

We didn't know the distance either, and this flying boat didn't have a speedometer.

Well, I didn't know how to make a speedometer for a flying boat, to begin with.

But still, a desert that takes a year to walk through...

Regular people would definitely never be able to cross it.

It's possible because a large amount of food can be stored in the extradimensional storage, and water can be created with magic.

To those who can't do that, this desert is probably truly the end of the world.

But I wonder when this vast desert was formed?

I haven't been taught anything other than "it's been here from ancient times" in history class.

As the flying boat flew over the mountain range to the east of Els, it effortlessly passed over it.

"Oh... To think they passed that mountain range so easily..."

"...It took us almost a month to cross that mountain range..."

There was a hint of self-deprecation in Shaolin's words in response to the amazed members of the diplomatic mission.

I can understand why she would want to say that if the place she had crossed at great personal risk could be crossed so easily.

Once they passed the mountain range, what came into view was a vast desert that stretched to the horizon.

"Hmm, even though it's called a desert region, it's not sand dunes, is it?"

Seeing the desert region, I inadvertently blurted out something like that.

"Sakyu? What's that?"

Upon hearing that, Sishily asked me a question.

"Well, it's like, you know, I thought it might look like dunes, like the sandy beaches by the sea."

"Oh, so that's why it's called sand dunes?"

"Yeah."

"Well, there are deserts like that, but this one isn't as big as that."

As I had that conversation with Sishily, Aug joined in.

"Is that so?"

"Oh, this desert has been around since ancient times. No one knows when and for what reason it became this vast land."

"I see."

"Well, there are some dubious rumors about it, though."

That's when Tony chimed in.

"What kind of rumors?"

"Apparently, there was a previous civilization known as the 'ancient civilization,' and this desert region is the aftermath of a war from that time."

"Previous civilization?"

"It's said that they could create advanced magical tools. The ultimate outcome of those magical tools was the collapse of the ancient civilization and the formation of this desert region."

"But we didn't learn about that in our classes, did we?"

It's the first time I'm hearing about this.

When I expressed my doubts, Mark joined the conversation, looking exasperated.

"Of course not. It's just gossip about an ancient civilization that used advanced magical tools, isn't it? Besides, Tony, you like reading those kinds of books, don't you?"

"Well, yeah, I'm quite fond of such stories."

"But the idea that the world would be destroyed by excessive use of magical tools..."

Perhaps tagging along with Mark, Olivia had a worried expression.

What's wrong?

"Walford, please, promise me you won't make something like that."

"I told you... I won't make anything like that."

"Really? I still have dreams about it sometimes! The... the magic you last cast at Strom!"

"Oh... I'm sorry about that."

"It's true. Olivia sometimes wakes up in the middle of the night shouting."

"...Mark, I'm sorry for disturbing your sleep."

"Hey! Mark! If you say things like that..."

"Oh..."

Olivia blushed deeply in response to the conversation, resembling the usual interactions between the two of them.

Mark is quite oblivious, isn't he?

I heard they're getting married soon, and it seems they're still getting along well, which is nice.

"Um, it's not what you think!"

Despite saying that, Olivia blushed and was desperately trying to explain herself.

Why?

"Well, it's not a big deal, right? You're getting married soon. By the way, are you already living together?"

"No, we're not! Sometimes, I stayed over at Mark's place... Ah..."

She self-destructed again.

She turned so red that it looked like smoke might come out of her head, and she hung her head.

"So, it's not a big deal, right? Everyone knows that Mark and Olivia have that kind of relationship."

"W-Well, that's true!"

"Plus, we all sleep together, right?"

"S-Shin!"

"...Ah."

Oops, Olivia was blushing so much and feeling embarrassed about her own statement, and I accidentally started talking about ourselves to reassure her.

"Um, well... Sorry."

"Oh, come on..."

Crimson-faced, Sicily had also been accidentally exposed.

Oh, it's so embarrassing when things like this get revealed.

I realized that my own face was red and looked at everyone, but I received sharp glares from the female members.

"Damn... these lovey-dovey folks..."

"We should have these discussions when it's just us married ones."

"I'm jealous."

"I'm fine. I would be in trouble without magic."

Maria had an angry expression, Alice looked disgruntled, and Yuri let out a sigh.

Amidst this, I was curious about what Lynn had said.

"You can't use magic?"

"Don't you know, Walford? Women can't use magic during the early stages of pregnancy."

"Eh? Is that true?"

"Magic can pass to the child, which makes the magical power unstable. It becomes usable again during the stable period in the later stages of pregnancy."

"Is that so?"

I didn't know that.

Ah...

"So, is that why Aug said to wait for making children?"

"That's right... But you shouldn't say such things in front of everyone."

"Huh? Ah..."

Uh-oh.

I accidentally revealed that we were planning to have children in front of everyone and that Aug had stopped us.

As I thought about the situation, I looked at Sicily's face...

"Oh...!"

She had a face as red as Olivia's from earlier and was looking down.

Oops...

"That's enough! I said, 'Discuss those matters elsewhere!'"

In the process, I also rekindled Maria's fiery anger.

...Sorry.