

Suddenly, Silver also joined the Quan Long visit this time.

Silver is currently camping for the first time, and their excitement is off the charts.

"Eeek!"

As Silver is about to turn two years old, they can't run yet, but they are toddling around, keeping everyone on their toes.

Especially near the campfire, they must never go alone.

The members of the delegation also help, so despite it being a supposed restful camping, no one is getting any rest.

"I'm sorry... I should let you rest..."

I was filled with guilt.

However, the members of the delegation told me not to worry.

"During the journey, we didn't get much exercise. This is perfect."

Naval-san said with a smile.

But still... Oug mentioned that he had received quite unreasonable demands during the Tripartite Talks, but his behavior and actions after the talks and his current behavior don't seem to indicate that at all.

Is it because he's a merchant, and he's able to wear different faces for different situations?

While having that conversation with Naval and the others, Silver, who had been wandering around the camp, was caught by Shishiry.

"Come on, Silver, it's time for your bath."

"No!"

"Don't you dislike it! You'll go!"

"Ugh."

It's about time to give Silver a bath and put them to sleep.

Usually, after finishing dinner, we give Silver a bath, and shortly after, they naturally fall asleep.

Whether I bathe Silver or Shishiry does, or we bathe together, Silver has never refused a bath invitation before.

Today, in this unusual camping situation, their excitement doesn't seem to be coming down easily.

They are struggling to break free from Shishiry's arms, wanting to play more.

"Haha, so cute. Hey, Silver, do you want to take a bath with your big sisters?"

Alice, who is usually not with Silver until late at night, is inviting Silver to take a bath together.

The other women are also curious.

After looking at Alice's face for a while, Silver, who has never bathed with anyone before, nodded in agreement.

"Okay, today, Maria will wash you in place of Mom!"

"Maria?"

"Do you want to call me 'Aunt'?"

I said it at the graduation ceremony, but aren't my parents' friends usually called 'uncle' and 'aunt'? In fact, Oug was called "Uncle" just like Aaron-san. To call the Crown Prince "Uncle"... But I also call Oug "Uncle" even though he's the king. I wonder if Silver will end up like me in the future? Well, it's Oug, after all.

In the end, it seems that all the women will enter the bath together, so they entered the tent set up for bathing in the camp. The men will follow afterward, so Shaolin is accompanying them together.

Naturally, Liefan remains behind.

"Oh my, I'm sorry for the noise."

"No, quite a lively child."

"Haha, too lively, and it's causing trouble."

Come to think of it, this is the first time I've talked to Liefan alone. It's a little nerve-wracking. So, for now, I started with a safe topic.

"By the way, Liefan, are you married?"

"No. I was taken in by the Min family. I owe my life to the Min family, and I have no intention of getting married."

"Is that so?"

... The conversation isn't flowing.

Ah, but I've been traveling with Shaolin for a year and continued to be together afterward. Isn't that the kind of relationship we have?

"Um, about Shaolin..."

"That person is my lord. I may have said I was taken in by the Min family, but in reality, I was taken in by Lady Shaolin. I owe her, and I don't have any improper feelings."

"I see."

Well, love between a lord and a retainer seems to have many obstacles. Even though the topic seemed interesting, it seems the conversation is not going well.

"By the way, Shin-dono."

"Yes?"

While thinking about the relationship between Shaolin and Liefan, I was suddenly spoken to by Liefan.

"I have something I'd like to ask..."

"What is it?"

"...Earlier, you mentioned that it was a secret, but it's about the Enchantment Magic."

"Ah..."

I couldn't bring it up because I said it was a secret, huh? But it's a bit straightforward to ask about it just to learn that secret. Normally, wouldn't someone investigate discreetly?

However, my answer is the same.

"I'm sorry, but that's a secret..."

"What I want to know is not the method of enchantment."

"Eh?"

"It's about the characters you were using."

"Characters...? Well, those are my original characters..."

"Is that really the case?"

"Huh?"

"I'm asking if those characters are truly original to you."

"What...?"

"What are you two talking about?"

When I was bewildered by Liefan's question, Oug entered the conversation.

T-Thank goodness...

"Wise Prince, I also have a question for you. Do you have any idea about the characters Shin-dono uses for magic enchantment?"

What's up with that? You're asking Oug too!

In response to Liefan's question, Oug frowned as if wondering what he was talking about.

"That's a character developed by Shin individually. Therefore, only Shin can understand its meaning, and it cannot be used by others."

That's what I've been saying all along. I can't perform enchantment magic unless I understand the meaning of the characters myself. Those are characters I created on my own, so they can't be used by others. However, Liefan was not satisfied.

"Is that your understanding..."

"What do you mean?"

Liefan's words caught Oug's attention.

Huh?

What's going on?

Does Liefan know something?

Could it be... Is this person also reincarnated...?

Without answering Oug's question, Liefan remained lost in thought for a while. Then, he looked up and addressed Oug.

"I cannot speak on my own. Let's talk when Lady Shaolin finishes her bath."

"Hmm, I'm curious, but... Well, you will tell us, right?"

"Of course."

Liefan said that and then looked at me.

"That... is a dangerous thing." some codenames
for a project introducing flexible work arrangements