 a fun fact
about the Roman Empire

And so, the dinner of that day proceeded in a pleasant manner.

However, what concerns us is the presence of forces surrounding the Min family. Not only us but also our escorts have noticed this, and those people have refrained from drinking alcohol entirely.

We, too, were aware of this, so we didn't remove our pendants. We watched Navar and the others, who were drunk and fooling around, occasionally casting detection magic around us to monitor the movements of those lurking, and then returned to our meal.

As we went through this cycle, dinner time came to an end. Before we all returned to our respective rooms, Shaolin stopped us.

"It seemed like your attention was occasionally diverted elsewhere... Was there something on your mind?" Shaolin, who couldn't use detection magic, asked.

"No, it's the same people as during the day... or at least it seems that way. This house is surrounded," I replied, and Shaolin was surprised and froze in place.

When prompted by Suilan to interpret, Suilan also froze and let out a deep sigh.

"To go to such lengths... This country is truly corrupt," he said.

"Well, it's harsh, but it's not just a few high officials like Hao who are corrupt... At this point, everyone is guilty," I added.

It's a harsh reality. But Suilan, too, is a victim of the injustices from that country. It's not surprising that he despises his own country. However, it's different when it's said by an outsider.

"I'll inform our private troops to be on high alert. I'm really furious!" Suilan was genuinely angry.

His appearance was a bit intimidating even to me, who had just met him today. If he were in perfect condition, how much scarier would he be?

I somehow understood why Suilan, a young woman, could lead an organization.

For the time being, after throwing the drunken Navar and the delegation into their rooms, I deployed the intrusion prevention magical tools used in the Yuhou Palace to cover the entire house.

For now, we won't be subjected to attacks at the house.

Nevertheless, I'll have the Min family's private guards conduct patrols, just in case. If an attack is launched, it's to capture them for evidence of the crime.

This is all because of Hao... well, let's not dwell on Hao. I wonder if it's his doing.

To go to such lengths, it feels a bit insane. Is he in a rush for this incident? He seemed like quite the elite individual, and he might be the type who can't tolerate failure.

Well, it's not our concern. If they really do attack, the odds will increasingly favor us. I'd even welcome the attack.

If I were to say that to Oug, he'd get really angry. He'd say I lack self-awareness. It's just a joke.

◆

"What were the operatives doing?!"

In the office late at night, just like the day before, Hao was shouting at his aide.

The aide who received the shouting was cowering in fear.

"You surrounded them with so many people and couldn't even lay a hand on anyone?!"

"Well, um... it seems they sensed our movements before launching the attack... We couldn't be reckless."

"What?! They're supposed to be the top undercover operatives in this country! There's no way they should have been exposed!"

"I, I think so too! But according to all the operatives on the scene... it wasn't a shot in the dark; they were definitely tracking our movements..."

"Ugh! You useless bunch! Your dawdling is the reason we couldn't seize the Min family's dragon leather!"

"I'm, I'm terribly sorry!"

"If that's how it is... Min family, I apologize, but let every member of your family meet a tragic end at the hands of robbers. Unfortunately, foreign envoys might get caught up in it."

Hearing Hao's words, the aide immediately gave instructions to the operatives.

They were to attack the Min family and kill them all. And they must not forget to retrieve the dragon leather.

A few hours after giving these orders, the aide had turned pale once again.

He knew he had to report this immediately.

Just thinking about it made it feel like there was a hole in my stomach.

However, I couldn't avoid making the report.

With that in mind, I mustered my courage and knocked on the door of the office.

"Come in."

"Uh, excuse me."

As soon as the aide entered the office, Hao awaited the report with a smirk on his face. At that moment, Hao was hoping for a report stating that the Min family had been wiped out, and all the dragon leather had been recovered.

But the actual report turned out to be completely different.

"I, I'll report... The attack on the Min family failed. Some kind of barrier was in place, and we couldn't infiltrate the mansion."

The moment he heard this report, Hao slammed the desk with all his might.

"I didn't want a report like that! Why are you reporting this?!"

"B, but it's the truth! A, and..."

"What?! Is there more?!"

The next report from the aide sent an incredible shock through Hao.

"A few of the operatives who carried out the attack were captured... and taken to the Min family."

As the aide spoke, Hao threw the paperweight on his desk at the aide with all his strength. The paperweight hit the aide's head, causing a bleeding wound. However, Hao didn't show any concern for the injured aide.

"Captured?! They were captured?! Do you understand what that means?!"

The aide was silent, holding his head in pain. So, Hao continued to berate him.

"The captured operatives might talk! Do you understand?! If they talk, it'll be a huge problem!"

Even if the operatives talked, they could stick to a story of ignorance and denial. However, that was different from avoiding trouble.

Frustrated and wanting to avoid this trouble, Hao yelled at the aide.

But even after hearing Hao's outburst, the aide remained silent. Hao watched the aide, who continued to crouch in apparent pain, for a while and became more irritated before he uttered further words.

"That's enough! Listen up! By tomorrow, go to the Min family and take those operatives with you! Tell the constables they are witnesses to a crime and make sure they are handed over! Got it?! Go!"

Hao said this and dismissed the aide from his office.

As the aide left the office, he bowed slightly but didn't say a word. He walked down the hallway, holding his aching head.

In his expression, there was no longer any fear as there had been a moment ago, but it was now filled with anger.

◆

On the second day of their stay at the Min family's residence, they woke up in the morning and were genuinely surprised.

It seemed there was an attack in the middle of the night. The magical intrusion prevention tools worked effectively, preventing anyone from entering the estate. The Min family's private guards captured the attackers who were struggling in front of the barrier. They were worried that the attackers might commit suicide, so they stripped them, bound them tightly, and put gags on them.

"This is insane..."

"When it comes to this... Shin, sorry, but can you lend me that thing you used before?"

"That thing?"

"You know, the one we used on the Eastland radicals during the Tri-Nation Conference."

"Oh, that thing."

During the Tri-Nation Conference, they had used a magical device for extracting confessions on the Eastland radicals who had come to kidnap Sicily. At that time, they had been filled with anger, and even though they knew it was a mind-controlling magical device, they had used it without hesitation. Thanks to that, Fuller's misdeeds had come to light, and they had been able to protect Sicily. Still, magical devices or spells that controlled the mind were scary. That's why they had sealed that magical device. But this time, they couldn't afford to say such things. It wasn't just them but also the Min family members who were involved. So, Shin lent the magical device for extracting confessions to Oug.

Holding it, Oug went toward the place where the attackers were being held, with a scary expression on his face. He told them not to follow and went with only the escorts. By the way, Navar and the others were still down with a hangover.

Navar...

After a while, Oug returned to the reception room with the escorts. By then, Sicily's healing magic had taken effect, and Navar and the others had also recovered. Oug informed them about the results of the interrogation.

"This magical device is truly remarkable. They sang like birds."

"Well... it's a tool for coercing information, after all."

"Huh? Demon Lord, did you have something like that?"

"It's for emergencies. I don't use it unless it's a situation like this."

"I see..."

It's a magical device that reveals the truth, so it's natural that Navar would be curious. In business, not knowing the other party's true intentions is typical, and if you can find out, you can negotiate to your advantage. However, this magical device is absolutely not to be lent for such purposes. It's strictly for use in criminal interrogations. That, too, only in cases where you need to extract information through torture. Considering that, maybe it's better not to use it if you're not going to torture.

"I'll report the results. Those people are Quanrong operatives. Their orders were to massacre the Min family, us, the diplomatic delegation, and to seize all the dragon leather stored at the Min family's residence."

Upon hearing this report, Shaolin and Suilan, who were present, as well as the Min family members, turned pale. Their complexion changed from blue to red upon Oug's next words.

"The ringleader is Hao."

The moment they heard that statement, Suilan, who should have been bedridden with illness until yesterday, unleashed a tirade in words that we couldn't understand. Even Shaolin, who usually served as an interpreter, didn't bother interpreting this time. It was probably a very foul-mouthed rant. Even if we couldn't understand the words, we could sense the general sentiment.

"So, what do we do now? Should we present them as witnesses?"

"No, Hao will never admit it. In fact, he might come to eliminate those operatives."

Considering their actions so far, Hao might indeed go to such lengths.

So, what should we do? It was suggested to hand them over to the police as attempted robbers, given that Hao was confirmed to be targeting us and the Min family. However, Suilan vetoed the idea.

"Hao has influence with the constables. Even if we hand them over, they might be killed in custody."

He's truly a villain, that guy.

So, what should we do?

"For now, let's manage them so they don't commit suicide. Then, we'll confront Hao at the right moment. Even if he doesn't admit it, we'll create a situation that works against him."

Suiran, who laughed and said that, was really scary.

Being sick and skinny made it even scarier.

This person must be avoided as an enemy.

In the end, on that day, despite being on high alert, expecting the operatives to come back to recover their captured comrades, no one showed up.

Not only that, but the constant surveillance and pressure that had been present around the Min family's residence the day before had completely disappeared.

"What's going on?"

Even though they had been aggressive three times just the day before, and even with the possibility of a witness that could work against them, there was zero attack on this day.

Zero surveillance.

The sudden change from the previous day made them suspicious.

Oug seemed equally perplexed.

"I have no idea. I was sure they would try to attack, as Suiran-dono said..."

Ultimately, there were no attacks on that day or the following day. Thanks to this, they were able to make various agreements regarding the trade of magic stones.

Of course, the agreements were made by Suiran, Oug, and Navar.

From Suiran's perspective, the goods they had been selling at a low profit had suddenly turned into luxury items, so they were constantly smiling during the negotiations.

Being in a good mood, Suiran seemed to be in good health, and he was gradually recovering.

Sicily was with Suiran all the time, continuously applying healing magic. They had become quite close due to spending so much time together, and during Silver's visits to cheer her up, Suiran would bring her to the Min family, showing her to Suiran.

Once having lost a child, Suiran was captivated by Silver's cuteness and asked Yunha for another child, causing some scenes that made Yunha blush.

This is how we spent unexpectedly calm days.

On the other hand...

"Hey! What about the assistant?"

Hao, looking disheveled, called for the assistant, but he didn't show up.

The assistant, who had been subjected to unreasonable anger the other day, had ignored Hao's orders, sabotaged his work, and didn't carry out any orders.

He also didn't make any reports.

As a result, Hao received no information at all.

"You... have dared to deceive me... Remember what kind of retribution awaits you!"

Hao, alone in his office with the assistant, was contemplating the kind of retaliation he would inflict upon him.

Outside the office, a situation was unfolding that demanded his attention. However, Hao was completely unaware of it.

Three days after the previous negotiations.

In the end, there were no signs of the operatives coming to eliminate them.

They felt completely stood up, but if it meant no trouble, they were fine with it.

So, they decided to proceed with their second round of trade negotiations.

Today, the Min family provided a carriage for them to go to Yuukou Palace.

It was quite a distance to walk.

As they were making preparations to leave for the negotiations, a panicked servant rushed into the reception room where they were gathered.

"W-What's the matter!?"

When Hao asked, the servant uttered something unbelievable.

"D-Dragons! There's been a massive outbreak of dragons, and they've started attacking the nearby villages! Some reports even claim they've seen dragons transformed into monsters!"

This was the very concern they had been harboring.nd a dish
to impress a date who's a picky eater