

Og was shocked by Thor's words but quickly turned towards us.

"Alright, let's go."

"Yes!"

Everyone responded to Og's words and was about to jump down from the fortress, but then someone stopped us.

"Wait, wait a minute! Are you planning to jump from here?"

"Yeah, what's wrong?"

"That's crazy! You can't jump from here and expect to be okay!"

Huh? Oh, right. Leafan and the others aren't wearing jet boots.

Well, I guess there's no other choice.

"I'll use levitation magic, so it's okay."

"Levitation magic again..."

It's not like we're moving at high speeds this time, so I think it'll be fine.

"We'll descend slowly, so don't worry."

"Is that so..."

When I said that, Leafan seemed to give up and slumped his shoulders.

Seems like he really doesn't like levitation magic.

Anyway, the members of the Ultimate Magicians have jet boots, so they're fine. But for Leafan and the soldiers, we'll have to use levitation magic. However, we should explain it to them so they don't get surprised when we suddenly use it.

I was about to ask Leafan to explain, but one of the fortress soldiers spoke to him, and after a brief exchange of words, the soldiers looked shocked.

"Lord Shin, I've talked to them. Please do it."

"Oh, is that so? Alright..."

Since we got Leafan's approval, I used levitation magic on Leafan and the soldiers.

"What the...!?"

"Huh, what...!?"

The soldiers had surprised expressions, but I couldn't understand what they were saying. Well, I can guess the general idea. They are probably saying things like, "What is this?" or "Are we floating?"

Anyway, levitation magic only allows objects to float, so without wind magic, we can't move. Therefore, I had Leafan explain to them that we would move to the other side of the wall like this.

The soldiers who were listening to Leafan's explanation seemed to be making surprised noises.

"Leafan, are you okay?"

"Oh... like, 'the ground is amazing,' or 'you can move in any way you want right now'... something like that."

"Huh?"

What do you mean?

"Well, I can understand the feeling."

"Is that so?"

"Yeah. You see, the sensation of not having your feet on the ground... it's really unsettling. So when you finally touch down on the ground, you can appreciate the earth's stability."

"Oh, I see..."

"Besides, you have absolutely no freedom in the air. But when you land on the ground and can move freely, it feels like you have boundless freedom."

Is that so? The Ultimate Magicians can move freely because they can use wind magic, but without it, they end up feeling like that...

"More importantly, Lord Shin, are you sure you don't want to go? I've been hearing loud noises for a while now..."

Ah. Those guys who went ahead!

Yeah, I can hear magical explosions from all around.

"Well, it's not like I'm trying to compete in terms of how many we take down, so if we're lagging behind, I'll just support the others."

I'm not particularly fond of combat, after all.

"Is that so? I'm going then; otherwise, coming here would be pointless."

With that, Leafan took his sword and ran off.

Now then, should I provide air support from above?

I've already decided to do so this time, so I used levitation magic to float back into the air.

Now, let's first check on Og and the others.

Thinking that, I shifted my gaze and...

"Yaaah!"

"The target's large and easy to hit."

"Corner! Fuse! The dragon leather can be used for materials, so let's take it down more cleanly!"

"Yes, sir!"

Over there, Alice and Lynn are bombarding the dragon with magic while getting scolded by Og.

"Alright."

"Wow, Tony, your sword skills have improved since before, haven't they?"

"Haha, really? Yuri, is that magical tool of yours a new model?"

"That's right. The folks at Bean's Workshop made the base for me. It's really handy for gathering materials."

"I see... it does cut cleanly."

"Hehe."

Here, Tony and Yuri are chatting while hunting the dragon.

"Ugh!"

"Julius? Is that gauntlet a new model?"

"That's right, Thor. With the previous gauntlets, the opponents would explode. Lord Shin had these made for me."

"...Is something protruding from them?"

"At the moment of impact, stakes shoot out."

"...Is that really suitable as a weapon for a mage?"

"This is perfect for me. Thor, come up from behind."

"Understood."

Over there, Julius is hunting the dragon using the Pile Bunker, the new weapon I gave him, while Thor watches in disbelief and systematically hunts the dragon.

"Hey!"

"Sigh... Normal dragons are not much of a challenge, it's boring."

"Come on, Maria. Despite attacking humans, they are still living creatures. You shouldn't say things like that."

"Silvia, you're starting to act like a mother..."

"? I am Silver's mother, you know?"

"Oh, right..."

Silvia and Maria are chatting while hunting the dragon.

Hmm. They seem to be doing fine.

In that case, I should go and support Leafan and the others. Thinking that, I flew towards the direction where Leafan and the fortress soldiers were headed.

There, the soldiers were battling several dragons, each wielding their weapons. The dragons that attacked the village this time were all carnivorous and not transformed into monsters. It's natural for them to attack the village in search of human flesh.

These non-monstrous carnivorous dragons aren't very large, but they have sharp enough teeth to make it dangerous for the soldiers to engage directly. That's why I decided to support the soldiers.

I aimed at the legs of the dragons that were in a standoff with the soldiers and fired a thin laser-like magic. The dragons' legs were shot through, causing them to writhe in pain. As the magic was suddenly released, the soldiers turned their attention to the dragons and received instructions to finish them off quickly. The soldiers rushed towards the dragons and delivered the final blows to the writhing creatures.

After defeating the dragon and responding with a slight wave to the soldiers who raised their swords in our direction, I searched for the next target. When I found a nearby dragon, I pointed in its direction, and the soldiers quickly understood and moved towards it. They faced the new dragon and released their arrows, taking the lessons from the previous battle into account.

Compared to herbivorous dragons, even though they are smaller, the size of the dragon's body exceeds that of a human.

Since bows and arrows are only effective as a means of restraining the dragon, I thought they would follow up with swords. However, an arrow that hit the dragon caused a small explosion.

I see! So the arrows were tipped with exploding runes. That means they can not only provide a distraction but also inflict substantial damage.

Runes are amazing. With that kind of technology, there could be various applications.

As I was considering the potential of the runes shown to me once again, Leafan was in the process of delivering the final blow to the dragon.

Is that... the Azure Dragon Blade?

With a thick, curved sword, he decapitated the dragon's head in a single blow.

At this rate, it seems Leafan and the others don't need support from me.

Thinking so, I suddenly detected a rapid magical response approaching me.

"Wait!"

"Lord Shin!"

Leafan shouted in panic, but I could locate their positions using a reconnaissance spell. I avoided the surprise attack from behind and identified the source.

What I saw was...

"Pterodactyls?"

A flock of them.

"So there are these as well."

At a glance, there seem to be dozens of them.

"Lord Shin! Descend immediately! You'll be a target in the sky!"

Although Leafan was yelling that, these creatures aren't transformed into monsters. So, well, it should be fine, right?

I made that judgment and flew towards the flock of pterodactyls.

"Hey! Lord Shin!"

I could hear Leafan's anguished cries, but these pterodactyls aren't as large as the typical dragons. In fact, if they weren't smaller, they couldn't fly in the sky.

This is the size of dragons you might find in fantasy novels, and if there were this many of them, it would be more than just a commotion.

I mean, it might be the end of the world, right?

With such thoughts in mind, I charged into the flock of pterodactyls, and they swarmed towards me with open hostility.

However, even though they are relatively small for dragons, they are still quite large as flying creatures. Their agility is limited, and they can't keep up with my sudden changes in direction. Nonetheless, the pterodactyls continued to target me.

I flew at a speed just enough to barely outpace the pterodactyls.

The pterodactyls started flying behind me in pursuit.

Good, good, they're all following me.

Occasionally looking back, I cast a magic spell on each of the pterodactyls, using the same magic I often used for hunting in the past.

The pterodactyls didn't show any sign of concern about being enchanted and continued to follow me.

Once I finished enchanting all of them, I turned around.

"Everyone, drop down!"

I shouted and fired small flaming bullets.

The magic I used on the pterodactyls was the "Marking" magic I had used before. The marked targets guided the small flaming bullets in an arc towards them.

The scene resembled missiles flying toward a locked-on fighter jet. The flaming bullets were drawn precisely to the foreheads of the pterodactyls, causing all of them to crash.

Phew. It felt like being a top gun...

"Whoa! Something's falling!"

Huh? Was that Alice's voice?

"Hey, Shin! What are you doing?"

Uh-oh. I had somehow moved directly above Oug and the others.

"Whoa!"

"Oh no!"

"Wait, Shin! What are you up to?"

On the ground, everyone was desperately trying to avoid the falling pterodactyls...

I might be in trouble, huh?nd a dish
to bring to a potluck