a workout plan
for resistance training

The day after the research club orientation, the research club finally kicked off. There were existing research clubs that had been active for a while, but for us, it was the beginning of a new club we had just established. Because...

"So, what exactly is a research club, anyway?"

"You're asking that now? Well, there's no specific definition, really. Generally, it's about studying things we didn't cover in class or delving deeper into topics we're interested in with like-minded individuals after school."

"I see. So, what are we going to study in our 'Ultimate Magic Research Club'?"

"Who knows? We decided on that name on a whim, so I don't know what we're going to do."

"On a whim..."

Is that a good enough reason? When I turned to the person who suggested the name...

"I suggested it on a whim too. I don't regret it."

"So, in other words, we haven't decided on anything..."

"Wolfford, you seem like someone who could master various forms of magic. I want to cooperate with that and become a master myself."

"So, it's like, 'Let's all master magic together'?"

"That's fine."

It might be a somewhat vague reason, but it's okay. After all, having fun and enjoying our time together with everyone after school is what matters.

When we arrived at the research room, the two members who had joined yesterday were already there.

"Ah! Welcome back!"

"Welcome back."

"Welcome back. You're here early."

"Oh, um, yeah! I thought I shouldn't keep His Highness and the Sage's grandson waiting, so I ran here!"

"Oh, was that an inconvenience?"

"Why would it be an inconvenience?"

"Well, I mean..."

We only met briefly yesterday, so maybe we should start by getting to know each other better.

"Shall we start by entering the research room?"

Saying that, I entered the research room. It was a simpler room with desks compared to a classroom, but it was sufficient.

"Now, let me introduce myself as the representative of the research club."

"Another introduction..."

With that, I stepped forward.

"Uh, so, I'm Shin Wolfford, and I somehow ended up as the representative of this 'Ultimate Magic Research Club.' The club was formed out of nowhere, and I somehow became the representative without knowing what we're going to do. Well, let's take it easy and figure things out as we go along."

As I said that, the two members, Mark and Olivia, if I remember correctly, were completely flabbergasted.

"'Ultimate Magic Research Club'..."

"Was that really the name?"

Come on! Did you enter without even knowing that?

Mark has brown hair, black eyes, and freckles. He seems to have a fairly toned physique, possibly from helping out at the blacksmith. He gives off a sporty vibe.

Olivia is a beautiful young lady with semi-long black hair and blue eyes. She has more of a refined beauty than a cute one, and she seems like the poster girl for her family's restaurant.

"Being the blacksmith's son and helping out in the workshop, can you make things, Mark?"

"Y-yes! Well, not really anything significant."

"Hey, Mark. Remember, this research club is made up of first-year students, so drop the formal language."

"That's right, Olivia too!"

"But... Your Highness and the hero's grandson, right?"

"Oh, you don't need to worry about that. Shin sometimes calls me by my first name."

"But, Your Highness... It's just Shin who does that..."

Well, because he's Aug...

"Well, Aug might be a bit too much, but I'm just a regular person, unlike my famous grandpa and dad. I'm in the same boat as you guys."

"...A regular person?"

"Did I hear you correctly?"

"Well, Shin will become famous next week, though."

Hey! You guys are being harsh! I'm not nobility, so I'm just a regular person, right? And Aug said something.

"Aug, what do you mean by 'next week'?"

"Hmm? Oh, you'll probably get a notification when you return, but Shin's commendation ceremony is scheduled for the beginning of next week. This will make Shin a famous person too."

"I see... It's decided..."

"Don't worry. I told you yesterday; I won't use it for political gain. My father will make the official announcement at the commendation ceremony. But well, it's inevitable that your name will become famous. It's already gaining recognition."

I see... I guess I won't be able to walk around freely anymore... Oh, right!

"Why don't I just use a disguise or disappear from sight?"

I blurted it out. Huh? The surrounding stares are painful...

"I get the disguise part, but what do you mean by 'disappear from sight'?"

"Huh? It's just like this. If I do this, no one can see me!"

Saying that, I used optical camouflage magic, and everyone was astonished again. This again...

"Uh, Shin? Where are you?"

"No way... He disappeared suddenly..."

"What on earth is this!?"

"Well, there's no need to be so surprised..."

I said, deactivating the optical camouflage magic, and everyone bombarded me with questions.

"Shin! What was that just now? You completely disappeared!"

"It's certainly strange. You vanished without hiding behind anything."

"You didn't move from the same spot, so how did you do that?"

"Wait a minute! You're leaving Mark and Olivia behind!"

Saying that, I looked at the two of them, and they both seemed bewildered.

"Calling His Highness 'you'..."

"Is Wolfford going to be commended?"

They are gradually losing track of the conversation!

"Let's try to summarize the conversation, things have gotten chaotic."

"It's your fault."

"Shut up! Wait, um, we were talking about Mark's ability to create things and switching to informal language, right?"

"Yes."

"Then let's start with dropping the formal language. It's a bit weird to use it when we're the same age."

"It's impossible for His Highness and Wolfford! Also, when I help out at the workshop, I'm the lowest, so this way of speaking is normal for me!"

"When I help out at the restaurant, I use formal language... except for His Highness and Wolfford, I might be able to do it for the others, but not right away."

Being with Aug...

"You seem like you want to say something."

"Not really... Huh, well, let's forget it. There's no need to force it."

"I'm sorry."

"Sorry."

"You don't need to apologize every time. So, Mark, can you create something?"

"Well, as I mentioned earlier, I'm the lowest of the low, so they've only recently allowed me to make knives. But I still have a long way to go because I need to practice magic as well."

"I see. If you could create something, I wanted to get a new weapon."

"No, no! Wolfford's sword cut a demon, right? There's hardly any other sword that can replace that!"

Huh? Oh, I didn't mention that.

"Well, that sword is just a regular iron sword with magic enhancements. It's also thin and lightweight, so it doesn't have much durability."

"Huh? Just a regular sword?"

"Yeah."

Saying that, I took out the Vibrationsword from my extradimensional storage and showed it to Mark.

"This is the sword that cut a demon... Can you take a closer look?"

Mark began to examine the Vibrationsword from various angles.

"I can't believe it... Did this sword really cut a demon?"

"Yes, it did."

"This sword... it's thin, lightweight, and easy to swing, for sure. But that's about it. It'll snap in no time if you try to cut something a bit tough."

"What? Is that so?"

"Yes, Your Highness. Would you like to take a look?"

Saying that, I handed it to Aug.

...I use normal honorifics for Aug...

"This is... It does seem like it could break easily..."

"Didn't I say it has magic enhancements? Try flowing your magic through it."

"Huh? What's this? The blade is vibrating finely?"

"So, try cutting this. You don't need to exert much force."

Saying that, I took a log out of my extradimensional storage. Why do I have this log? Was I planning to use it for something?

Why did I have the log? I wondered, and then I heard Aug's astonished voice.

"What is this?"

The Vibrationsword had sliced through the log like butter. Everyone was wide-eyed at the sight. It had cleanly cut through the log.

"What on earth is this..."

"It's a Vibrationsword. By adding ultra-fast vibrations to the blade, it can cut through things like this."

I explained while holding the Vibrationsword.

"A thin blade is better. I wanted spares because it's thin and prone to breaking, but..."

Saying that, I put the Vibrationsword back into my extradimensional storage. Then Mark, who had been thinking of something, spoke up.

"A thin blade, those are the only conditions you need, right? I can forge it myself if that's all you need. We can discuss the details with Wolfford... but..."

"Really!? That's great. Up until now, I had to rely on hearsay, and I couldn't make detailed adjustments. You're a lifesaver!"

"No, for something like this, it's a small job."

Well, this is lucky. Now I can try various things.

"But still, you were able to create something like this."

"It's amazing. I thought I was pretty good at magic enhancements, but when I see this..."

"You'll get there eventually, Yuri. If you want, you can even ask Gran to teach you."

"Huh!? Really!? Yay, I'm so happy!"

I've never seen Yuri so excited. She really looks up to her gran.

"But, did you give this knife version to Uncle Chris and Cousin Zeke?"

"...I've never seen it."

"Is that so? Maybe I kept it a secret?"

"Come to think of it, a few years ago, Siegfried bragged about getting a new weapon. No matter how much I asked, he wouldn't show it to me."

Siegfried? Who is that... who's the person with that cool name?

"Shin, do you know who Siegfried-sama is?"

"I don't know who Siegfried-sama is, but as for Uncle Chris... Sieg of the King's guard, the silver-haired one?"

"That's the one! The magician girl... no, the girl who's admired by everyone in the royal capital. Siegfried Marques-sama!"

"That guy is really admirable..."

"I'd like to talk to him at least once."

"There was a fan club for him at the middle school."

Alice was talking enthusiastically, and Maria, Lynn, and Yuri agreed.

"Yeah... He's just a flirty cousin, right?"

"Besides, you seem to know about Christina-sama."

"So who's Christina-sama? I know about the cousin Chris from the King's guard."

"Christina Hayden, selected as a royal knight at a young age due to her remarkable sword skills. Many boys admire her for her beauty and mysterious appearance."

Thor, Julius, and Mark were nodding vigorously.

"Mysterious... She's just unsociable..."

People we knew were very popular. What was this strange feeling, like they were praising my siblings? Anyway, the reality is completely different... I might be disappointed if I meet them...

"Anyway, Shin, how did you disappear earlier?"

"Yeah, Shin! What was that?"

"Oh, the optical camouflage?"

"This is... What is that?"

"Optical camouflage. Do you know what humans see with their eyes?"

"What... objects?"

"Why can you see objects?"

"Why? I don't know..."

"Human eyes perceive things that reflect light."

"Reflect?"

"Yes, so things that don't reflect light can't be seen. Take glass, for example. It looks more transparent when it's pure because it allows light to pass through without impurities."

"That makes sense..."

"So, when you see things reflected, if you distort the way that reflected light appears..."

"Ah! Shin is disappearing!"

"I'm not disappearing. I'm interfering with light around me using magic. So, the light reflected around me bypasses me and appears to the person in front of me. As a result, it looked like I disappeared. I didn't actually turn transparent."

While explaining and deactivating the optical camouflage, I could see question marks floating above everyone's heads.

"...Sicily, do you understand?"

"No..."

"Even with the explanation, I have no idea!"

"I don't understand it, but this is amazing magic."

"After all..."

"They're utterly ignorant about magic."

Everyone had something to say about it, but...

"This is the 'Ultimate Magic Research Society,' right? How can you be surprised by something like this?"

"It's just too ultimate out of the blue!"

"This is incredible. The ultimate concealment magic."

"No, it's not ultimate since it doesn't even suppress sound or magic. But it's already plenty effective."

"Why not?"

"It's perfect for assassinations, stealing classified documents, eavesdropping, tailing people, and for various criminal purposes."

"If you keep saying that, no one will be able to use any magic. In the end, it's a matter of the user's morality, right?"

"That's true, but... this magic is too tempting..."

"Don't worry, Your Highness! After that explanation earlier, no one understood it, right?"

"...You have a point."

"Was my explanation too hard to understand?"

"No... I didn't understand the meaning of it in the first place."

I explained it by starting with the concept of light reflection, but maybe they don't even have the concept of eyes capturing light?

"I see... you don't get it."

"Then this is it. Shin seems to be developing the ultimate magic, and we'll be a supportive audience."

"Not really. I also want to learn from Wolford-kun as much as I can."

"This is what His Majesty mentioned during the entrance ceremony. Shin-kun will shatter the fixed concepts of magic."

"He might be shattering them a little too much..."

"Don't give up, Thor."

"I'm glad I joined this research club. It seems like we'll be in the S-class forever."

"I want to learn enchantment magic from you."

"Well, let's not go overboard."

Some were bewildered, and others were enthusiastic. Well, it's good enough for the first activity in the research club.

By the way, what about those two?

"They're casting spells without incantations..."

"Indeed, they are S-class..."

I told you! They're slightly off, aren't they?orm edge cases
for a function with birthdate as input, horoscope as output