a database schema
for an online merch store

Once again, I got on the carriage that had come from the Min family, and I let out a sigh.

"It feels like we've been caught up in a major national affair," I said.

"But that Hao guy, he really was an outrageous villain," Maria, who had gotten on the carriage with me, said with a hint of indignation, her arms crossed.

Well, that's true.

I haven't seen someone wield so much power around me before. They say it was the same for the nobles of the old empire, but I've never actually seen it.

"Aren't people that arrogant rare in Arlsheid?" I asked.

"Not really," Maria's surprising words made me ask.

"Is that so?"

"Yes," Sicily answered my question. "I've mentioned it before, but nobles in Arlsheid carry great responsibilities. If they oppress commoners, it's not uncommon for them to be stripped of their titles."

"Come to think of it, Arlsheid is a strict country for nobles, right?"

"Even more so for the royal family. In the first place, those with dictatorial beliefs are not allowed to inherit the throne."

As a member of the royal family, Aug mumbled these words.

It must be tough being part of the royal family...

"Even so, there are people from commoner backgrounds who become arrogant," I said.

"My father said that people who suddenly gain power they've never had before tend to get intoxicated by it," Maria explained.

"Ah, because nobles are originally taught to use their power?" I asked.

"Yes. Along with power comes responsibility, and they are taught that. So, there aren't many who become like that, but for those who haven't..."

"People who used to be in subordinate positions and then gain power tend to get drunk with it," Maria added.

I see.

So, that's why you have people like that among the commoner-born bureaucrats.

"Well, even among nobles who seem well-behaved on the surface, you never know what they're thinking behind the scenes," I said.

"Hey, is it okay for a member of the royal family to say that?" I asked.

"Of course. Nobles are a privileged class. They are born with power, so there must be laws to restrain that power," Aug replied.

Ah, I see.

So, it's not that Arlsheid's nobles are quiet, but they behave that way because they'd be punished otherwise.

"When nobles have such laws imposed on them, and if the royal family acts arrogantly, it's uncertain when they might be met with resistance. That's why the royal family takes the lead in serving the country," I remarked.

"Wow, the Arlsheid royal family is impressive," I added.

Normally, the highest authorities in a nation tend to flaunt their power.

"Some generations ago, a king had beliefs like that. He declared that all people are born equal, be they royalty, nobility, or commoners," Aug explained.

"Huh, wouldn't that undermine the dignity of the royal family?" I asked.

The royal family is considered sacred and inviolable. That's what I thought, at least...

As I asked this, Aug gave a wry smile. "At the time, it seems he earned a lot of resentment from the nobles..."

After saying that, for some reason, he looked at me.

"That king was an incredibly skilled mage. Despite the resentment, nobody dared to oppose him because of his immense power," Aug continued.

"So, he's the famous king who used his power not for his own gain but for the people, right?" Maria added.

"Maria knows about it too?" I asked.

"Of course."

"Come to think of it, this is something you learn in elementary school history class. It's not covered in high school, so it's understandable if Shin doesn't know," Sicily chimed in, offering me support.

"So, does that mean every citizen of Arlsheid knows about it?" I asked.

"Yes. Also, there's a famous story about that king. During his school days, he reprimanded a noble's son who was flaunting his parents' power, saying, 'Apart from being born into privilege, what have you accomplished?' It's said that this incident led to a change in how power is perceived in Arlsheid, and flaunting one's parents' power became something shameful."

"Wow, he said some good things."

"After that, it's said that whenever someone from a noble family would display their parents' power, they were quickly disciplined, like when Kurt was suspended for misconduct at home."

"I see..."

Nonetheless...

The line about 'being born into privilege' seems familiar. Is that king the same...?

"Are there any other anecdotes about him?"

"Come to think of it, now that I'm in this country, I remembered something," Aug said.

"What is it?"

"Do you know what the main food of this country is?"

"Oh, you mean rice? That fried rice was delicious."

Fried rice, right. Come to think of it, this is the first time I've had rice in this world.

I didn't have a strong craving for rice, but in light novels and such, when people go to another world, they often crave rice, soy sauce, and miso to an abnormal degree.

I was perfectly content with the food in this world, so I didn't experience that.

"It seems that king was extremely obsessed with finding that rice."

Ah, I see.

So, that's what it was. There are quite a few reincarnated individuals out there!