a database schema
for an online merch store

"Taboo? What is that?"

Upon hearing those words, Aug pressed Shaolin for answers once again, but she shook her head with a pained expression.

"Your Highness, this is a taboo. We can't just discuss it openly."

"Is this the time to be saying that? If we don't know about it, we might end up at a disadvantage, and that could lead to even greater harm, you know?"

When Aug said that, Shaolin glanced towards Leafan, seeking help.

Leafan, however, had a pale face and was covering his mouth.

...It seems it's more serious than I thought.

Seeing Shaolin's reaction, she briefly displayed an angry expression, but quickly returned to her state of worry.

Shaolin is debating whether to speak, but... I already know that story.

"Shaolin."

"Yes?"

"I already know about that story."

"What!? Why!?"

Shaolin's tone returned to its natural state, filled with surprise.

"I learned it from Leafan."

"Leafan..."

Shaolin gave a resentful look at Leafan, who seemed a bit absent-minded.

I messed up.

It's a major disaster.

"Uh, I learned it as part of the exchange condition for teaching Leafan search magic, so please don't blame him."

As I said this, Shaolin let out a resigned sigh.

"If that's the case, I can't blame Leafan. Understood. If Lord Shin knows about it, you will all know soon."

"Then."

"Yes, Your Highness, I will tell you about the taboo."

When Shaolin said that, everyone focused on her.

"This taboo is a method that enables those who cannot use magic to use it."

"What!? That's ridiculous! There's no such method!"

The one who reacted most strongly to Shaolin's words was Lin.

She possesses an extraordinary ambition regarding magic.

Not content with the classes at the Advanced Magic Academy or the training as an Ultimate Magician, she even frequents the Magic Academy, the pinnacle of magical research.

"Even at the Magic Academy, the conclusion is that those who cannot use magic will never be able to use it in their lifetime.

Those who can use magic are those whose baseline magical energy in their bodies can interact with the magical elements in the atmosphere. In other words, unless the baseline magical energy increases, one cannot use magic. Those who can use magic can increase their baseline magical energy through training. However, those who cannot use magic cannot increase it no matter what. This is because they cannot use magic. There is no doubt about this. Maybe it is possible to increase the baseline magical energy through external interference... But as someone who knows about the transformation of commoners into magic users by Strom, I cannot afford to experiment with something so dangerous. In the end, those who cannot use magic will never be able to. I thought the same until I heard it from Leafan. And I understood why this method hasn't been tried in the Western World. Because it was a method that could be discovered only in this country."

"That means it can be done, right, Lin?"

"How?!"

Lin pressed Shaolin with enthusiasm.

Shaolin stared at Lin intently.

"Lin, please promise that you will never try this even after hearing it."

"Does that mean it's the reason this method is considered taboo?"

"Exactly, Your Highness."

"I see... So, what is the method?"

"That is..."

After some hesitation, Shaolin finally began to speak.

"It's quite simple. You ingest magic stones."

After Shaolin's statement, shock rippled through the group.

Ingest magic stones.

Simply by doing that, those who couldn't use magic can start using it. However, in the Western World, where magic stones are extremely scarce, no one dares to attempt this method. It was only possible in Kuanglong because of the abundant supply of magic stones.

"Using something that simple... But why is it considered a taboo?"

"Yeah! If people can use magic with that, then everyone should do it!"

Aug and Alice didn't seem to agree with the idea of ingesting magic stones being taboo.

"Could it be because they are worried about an increase in people who can use magic?"

Maria also expressed her thoughts to Shaolin.

However, Shaolin shook her head and began to explain the reason.

"There is no problem with an increase in people who can use magic. Rather, there is a significant flaw in this method."

"A significant flaw?"

"Yes, humans who start using magic by ingesting magic stones... will eventually die."

"What?"

Maria was stunned by the unexpected answer. The others reacted similarly.

"People who ingest magic stones to start using magic have highly unstable magical energy. As a result, their magical energy becomes more prone to going out of control..."

As a result, many of them died.

"I see. That's why this method is considered taboo."

Aug seemed to understand.

"Yes. However, no one has ingested magic stones to break the taboo in the past few decades. I have never seen it happen. But people have always been warned not to do it."

"But when people are told not to do something, there are always those who want to try, right?"

Indeed, humans tend to be attracted to things they are forbidden from doing.

However, Shaolin shook her head.

"They have always been told that ingesting magic stones will lead to certain death. Magic stones are useful, but they are also considered a dangerous poison if accidentally consumed. Do you think anyone would willingly put that in their mouth?"

I see, they perceive magic stones as useful but dangerous substances.

"But what about those who create talismans? They crush magic stones into powder, right? Aren't there any accidents with inhaling them?"

"Factories that create talismans take strict measures to control magic stones. Those working there always wear masks that cover their faces, and there is a rule that they must thoroughly wash their bodies before leaving the factory."

So, ingesting magic stones is despised to such an extent.

"I see. However, was Hao driven to the point where he had to break this taboo?"

"I believe so. He has fallen from the top of the bureaucracy and is about to be judged as a criminal. It must be an unbearable humiliation for proud Hao."

Certainly, he seemed quite proud.

"I can see it."

Upon Aug's words, they looked ahead and caught sight of the Yuhou Palace.

And there...

Intense sounds of battle were echoing.

However, it seemed like someone, after being cornered, had resorted to taboos and was now rebelling against the nation.

"I have a bad feeling about this."

"Oddly enough, so do I."

While feeling a different sense of foreboding from what Shaolin had mentioned about the taboo, they descended upon the Yuhou Palace where the battle was unfolding.