

"Uooohhhhhhh!!!!"

"W-What... is that!?"

The general seemed to be witnessing a demon for the first time.

Upon seeing Hao transform into a demon and roar, the general voiced a deeply perplexed tone.

"W-What is that...?"

Likely seeing it for the first time as well, Shao-Lin trembled at the sight of Hao in his demon form.

Upon closer inspection, not only Shao-Lin but also Li-Fan was desperately trying to control their trembling.

"I see, Shao-Lin-dono, you must be seeing it for the first time. That is a human transformed into a monster... a demon."

"T-Transformed into a monster!? Humans can do that!?"

"Hey! What's going on!? Do you know something!?"

Unlike the soldiers, who were shaken by the ominous magic power emitted by the demon, we, who had faced demons countless times, didn't panic just because we encountered one again.

The general, observing our calm demeanor and the exchange with Shao-Lin, must have thought that we knew something.

The general looked at us and shouted.

"T-That, it seems to be a human turned into a monster!!"

Towards the general, Shao-Lin shouted not as our interpreter but on her own accord.

"Transformed into a monster!? No way... is that a sinner or something!?"

"Sinner...?"

Shao-Lin probably couldn't understand the content of the general's shout.

This time, Shao-Lin's expression turned bewildered.

"What's going on? What did the general say?"

"Uh, well, when I said that it's a human transformed into a monster, the general asked if it's a sinner, and he said that."

"Sinner? Does that mean someone who committed a crime?"

"Yes, in that sense... but why did the general refer to the demon as a sinner...?"

Shao-Lin explained the exchange with the general, but a sinner? Why did the general phrase it that way?

"That story is interesting, but unfortunately, time's up."

With Oug's words, Hao, who had transformed into a demon, looked at us. The roar that had continued until a moment ago ceased, and he glared at us.

Those eyes were blood red.

"Ah... ah... aah..."

This is bad.

Shao-Lin, overwhelmed by the ominous magic power of the demon she was seeing for the first time, seemed to be engulfed in fear.

It seemed like her body wouldn't move due to fear.

"Cicily, can you please move Shao-Lin to the back?"

"I understand."

I entrusted Shao-Lin's situation to Cicily and looked at Hao again.

Hao, in his demon form, clad in ominous magic power, grinned as he looked at the soldiers.

"Hii!"

Uh-oh!

The soldiers are also engulfed in the demon's magic power!

At this rate, they'll be defenseless against the demon's attacks.

Just as I thought that, Hao released magic towards the soldiers, exuding magic power.

"Uwaaaah!"

The moment the magic hit the soldiers, I rushed between them and Hao, deploying a magic barrier with all my might.

Barely in time!

"Please step back! I'll be a hindrance!"

While defending against Hao's attacks, I said this to the soldiers who were collapsing, but they just murmured without making any effort to move.

Damn! They don't understand my words!

"Li-Fan-san!!"

"Huh!? 'H-Hey! Withdraw! You're getting in the way of His Highness and the others!'"

Li-Fan-san, who understood my intention, translated for me.

Then, the soldiers who had been frozen in fear until a moment ago fled in a hurry.

It may be questionable as soldiers, but in terms of preventing pointless deaths, it's commendable.

"General, sorry, but I'll take it from here, okay?"

When Li-Fan conveyed Oug's words, the general made a face filled with reluctance.

"But... entrusting the issue of our country to the crown prince of another country..."

"Is this the time to say that? Besides, when it comes to subduing demons, we have the upper hand. We won't fall behind now."

After saying that, the general, though with a troubled expression, seemed to finally give in.

"...I understand. We'll leave it to you."

"Understood."

As the exchange between Oug and the general concluded, Hao's magic finally ceased.

"Huh...? Ughhhhh?"

It must be strange for him that no one died from the magic he unleashed.

Hao tilted his head and then let out a groan.

"This guy... seems to have lost his reason."

The appearance of Hao resembles the description of demons I heard from Grandpa in the past.

Devoid of reason, an existence that only utters incomprehensible groans.

"Until now, the demons we fought were about half-transformed, but all of them retained their sanity, so this current appearance seems unusually peculiar."

Is this what demons are originally like...?

"Aaaaaahhhhhh!!!!"

While taking on a human form, he exudes ominous magic power, utters incomprehensible words devoid of any trace of reason.

In terms of strength, demons with intact sanity are overwhelmingly stronger, but somehow...

"Uh... even though it takes on a human form, its existence is completely that of a monster, so it feels more eerie this way..."

Yes, as Maria said, precisely because it takes on a human form, this demon evokes a more fundamental sense of fear.

Rational demons, apart from their eyes and magic power, were not much different from humans, so we didn't feel this way.

However, the demon in front of us, despite having a human shape, doesn't exhibit human behavior.

That must be causing a strong sense of discomfort.

"Grrraaaahhhh!!!"

"Damn!"

In the confusion of seeing a demon lose its sanity for the first time, Hao unleashed magic again.

It's not enough to break the barrier, but we need to do something!

"Oug! What do we do!? Can we defeat it!?"

"General! Once it reaches this point, we can no longer turn it back into a human. Is it alright to finish it off?"

Even though he turned into a demon, he is technically a person from another country, and it's before facing a trial.

Uncertain about whether I should take matters into my own hands, Oug asked the general.

"The tradition is to subdue the sinners! Finish it off!"

The general gave his approval.

However, this is the courtyard of the emperor's residence.

We can't use magic just to defeat the demon.

So!

"Haaaahhhh!!!"

I took out the Vibration Sword from the dimensional storage, released magic, and charged towards Hao after he finished casting magic.

Before Hao could cast another spell, I swung the sword in a diagonal slash.

"Guh... Agh..."

With a sound of cutting through, Hao's body shifted diagonally.

And...

With a thud, Hao collapsed on the spot.

"O... Agh..."

Since I didn't decapitate him, he lived for a while, but soon he stopped moving, and Hao was completely lifeless.

"Phew..."

Compared to Strom, Zest, Lawrence, and others, this demon was much weaker, but it had a disturbing aura mentally this time.

Even if it takes the same form as us, could something be so unsettling if the inside is entirely different?

I, once again, felt the horror of humans turning into demons.

As I looked down at Hao, whom I had just cut down, Oug and the others approached.

"Hmm. This time, you took the appropriate measures. What's up?"

Right off the bat, he said something so rude.

"What the hell... This is the Emperor's residence, right? You can't just unleash major magic in a place like this!"

What does he think of me?

I can at least adapt to the situation and fight!

"...Kurt's wheat field."

..."

In response to Oug's words, I couldn't say anything.

W-Well... that was because Cicily was targeted, and I lost my temper, or something...

"A-Are you properly reflecting on it and learning from it...?"

When I hesitantly said that, Oug chuckled.

"That's a given. Because you can't do the basics, you can't consider common sense acquired no matter how much time passes."

"Guh..."

The sound of a growl escaped.

But I couldn't say anything in return!

"Now then, with this, the whole incident is concluded. So, what's next..."

Oug said that and looked at the general.

"Let's learn about the sinners. Shall we get some information on that?"