n email
to request a quote from local plumbers

"Hey... What are you talking about, Alice?"

I was surprised.

I was really surprised!

I never expected her to bring up something like that from the current conversation.

Thinking that way, I looked around, but everyone didn't seem too surprised.

Huh? Were they all secretly suspicious too?

Thinking that, I looked at Aug, who had a serious expression.

"At first, I thought it was just nonsense... but after hearing the current story, what Cora says seems like the truth."

You too!?

Huh? Uh-oh, did I talk too much by any chance?

Even without the memories of my past life, I was only supposed to talk about things that could be reasoned out.

"Our country's investigative team has not yet reached the conclusions that Shin-dono suggests. However, when we hear Shin-dono's explanation, it seems like the truth."

Perhaps Shao Lin-san suspected me because I originally used the same characters that are inscribed on magical tools from the ancient civilization, or maybe she just believed in that theory.

"What you say about the development of powerful magical tools as a deterrent, the tactical air drops, and the actions taken by various countries – none of that was anything we could have imagined."

Aug said this with a serious expression and then turned to me.

"Hey, Shin. This is a very important matter. The existence of an advanced civilization known as the ancient civilization and its collapse. Now that we know about it, I must find out."

"Find out... what?"

"Whether our world, if civilization continues to advance as it is, will meet the same fate as the ancient civilization."

I understood what Aug was concerned about with those words.

In the current world, it is highly unlikely that humanity would be destroyed by human hands.

Except for demons who hate and seek to destroy the world, perhaps.

However, in the future, there is no guarantee that weapons capable of destroying entire cities or even entire countries won't be developed.

If that were to happen, it's not guaranteed that we won't meet the same fate as the ancient civilization.

In order to prevent that, they must know how to avoid it.

"Shin, please answer honestly... Do you have memories of living in the time of the ancient civilization?"

"..."