

This is a top-priority emergency request, and communications via fixed devices are coming in from various locations to the palace. Natasha, who is providing support, receives the communication on her wireless device.

When communication comes in, Sicily heads to the requested treatment facility through the gate each time.

Certainly, there aren't many patients who require Sicily's treatment, but in those cases, it's usually a life-threatening condition, so she must be under a considerable amount of stress.

Lately, she seems a bit tired.

"Sicily, are you okay?"

When I express my concern, Sicily smiles without showing any signs of exhaustion.

"I'm fine. I'm not called so frequently, and above all, seeing the relieved faces of the families when their loved ones recover is the most rewarding."

Sicily says that, but her job is treating patients on the brink of death.

She isn't present on the spot, and requests come in from all over through the palace, which takes some time.

Since being dispatched to various countries, Sicily has been visiting treatment facilities all over to make it easier to travel back and forth through the gate.

This is based on the lessons learned from the previous incident in Sweed.

However, no matter how quickly she can move, in the case of patients on the brink of death, sometimes she doesn't make it in time.

Up until now, Sicily has watched over several patients who she couldn't make it to in time.

It's impossible for her not to accumulate stress.

Fortunately, there was no one who blamed her or added to her stress about coming from a distance so soon after receiving the request.

"Mom, are you tired?"

Silver must have sensitively sensed that Sicily was tired.

He strokes Sicily's head as if to show concern.

"I'm fine, Silver. Thank you."

"Mufu."

Sicily must have been deeply moved by Silver's actions; she hugged him tightly as he stroked her head.

A mother concerned for her son and a son responding to her.

It's a wonderful sight.

But...

"Sicily! Silver was buried!"

"Huh? Ah! S-Sorry, Silver!"

"Pufa!"

Silver, who was buried in Sicily's chest, sticks his head out and takes a breath.

That was close; Silver was on the verge of suffocating in Sicily's chest.

"I-I'm sorry?"

"Mmm."

Sicily apologized to Silver, but Silver playfully patted Sicily's chest.

"I'm sorry... Ouch!"

"Sicily!?"

As Silver patted her chest, Sicily, who had been bearing it, suddenly let out a sharp scream.

Until now, I had thought of him as a baby, but Silver is almost two years old already. I wonder if he has developed quite some strength?

"Are you okay, Sicily?"

"Oh, yes, I'm fine."

It must be nothing serious now, as Sicily smiled at me as usual.

Silver, however, was frozen in surprise and shock at the fact that his actions had caused pain to his mother.

"Mom, I'm sorry."

He must be aware of his wrongdoing, as he immediately jumped into Sicily's chest and apologized.

"It's okay, Silver. I'm sorry for making a big deal out of it."

"Ugh."

Sicily tried to reassure him, but Silver still seemed to feel guilty, keeping his head down.

"Well, let's leave it at that for now. But, Sicily, if you're really tired, be sure to let us know, okay?"

"I told you I'm fine."

"I'm worried. I'll ask Natasha to keep an eye on you just in case."

"Come on, you're being too overprotective."

Sicily said that, but I wouldn't be able to stay calm if something happened to her. I asked Natasha to keep an eye on Sicily and to contact me immediately if anything happened.

For a while, we received occasional updates from Natasha.

"Right now, the Saintess is having a meal."

"Right now, the Saintess is reading a book."

"Right now, the Saintess is..."

"...Stop with the status updates!"

I reminded her not to contact us unless it was a real emergency. As a result, there were no more messages from Natasha.

Considering Natasha's deep admiration for Sicily, the absence of communication meant that everything was likely fine.

And so, we enjoyed peaceful days for a while. Both our team and the staff had gotten used to their work, and we had some breathing room. However, one day, I received a message on my wireless device. When I answered, it was a flustered Natasha.

"Master, it's an emergency!!"

"Natasha! What's wrong!?"

This panic... could it be!?

"The Saintess... The Saintess!"

Natasha was in such disarray that she couldn't communicate properly. No matter where I asked about the current treatment facility, all she would say was that Sicily was in trouble.

Unable to make sense of the situation, I temporarily cut off communication with Natasha and connected to the office. I then found out the location of the treatment facility where Sicily was and rushed there through the gate.

When I arrived, I saw Sicily, looking bewildered as she stared at her hands, and a group of healing mages working desperately to treat a patient.

"What happened? What's going on?"

"Mi-Master!? Um, this person's treatment..."

Prompted by the healing mages, I examined the patient they were carrying. He was an adult male with injuries to his head and abdomen, and he was already on the brink of death. If the healing mages hadn't used their magic, he might have already passed away.

"I'll take over! Please continue with the healing magic!"

"Y-Yes!"

And so, I started treating the critically injured patient. Fortunately, he hadn't died yet, so I managed to keep his life going with magic, even if it was quite a struggle.

This is a bit more advanced than my past life. In my previous life's medicine, there's no way this man could have been saved.

"Thank you! Thank you!"

A woman who seemed to be the patient's wife expressed her gratitude with tears in her eyes.

Yes, these words are truly priceless.

As I thought that, I looked at Sicily, who was still staring at her hands.

"Sicily?"

"Huh? Ah, Shin-kun!? Why are you here!?"

Could it be that she didn't even notice that I had come here?

"What's wrong? Sicily, why are you just standing there and not treating the patient?"

I said that, and Sicily frantically shook her head.

"It's not that! It's the magic... the magic..."

"The magic?"

When I asked that, Sicily cried with tears in her eyes.

"I can't use magic anymore!"

Her words echoed in the treatment room.

"What? Magic..."

"Yes..."

According to Sicily, she could use magic to open the gate to the treatment facility, but something had happened, and now she couldn't use magic.

But when she tried to start treating the patient in front of her, it seemed that her healing magic didn't activate.

"To think I can't use magic anymore... I..."

Sicily, with tears in her eyes, jumped into my arms.

As I held her, I looked at the healing mages in the treatment room.

The healing mages were also looking at me.

"Um, could you please call the female healing mage?"

"Oh, right. That's a good idea. I'll go get a specialist."

Saying so, the healing mage left the treatment room.

"Shin..."

Sicily didn't seem to understand the meaning of my actions.

With a worried look, she gazed at me.

"Shin, am I sick?"

When she asked that, I hesitated on how to answer and looked at Natasha.

She avoided eye contact.

"Well, not exactly sick, but, uh, see, you should get checked by that person."

Just then, a female healing mage arrived in the treatment room, so I entrusted Sicily to her.

"Huh? Shin, aren't you coming with me?"

"Please spare me."

"Huh..."

"Now, Saintess, please come this way."

I declined Sicily's request to accompany her, and she looked devastated.

However, the female healing mage seemed to be used to such patients, as she unceremoniously led Sicily into the examination room.

"Um... Was it alright not to accompany her?"

"Well, Natasha, when you're getting a medical examination, do you want to be seen by your boyfriend or husband?"

"Absolutely not."

"Exactly."