a database schema
for an online merch store

This merchant, unlike the local guilds in Earlsheid, approached the situation with integrity, without looking down on us.

The Count, who found himself in a dire situation, immediately began negotiations with this merchant and eventually reached a contract.

To the Count, he was indeed a savior.

As he was like a savior, the Count decided to confide in him and hide nothing.

"I see... So, where is your daughter?"

"Oh, she's... Well, she's in the garden over there."

Looking through the window of the office where the deal was being conducted, they could see the young lady sitting at a table set in the garden, drinking tea.

"Well, she's beautiful."

"Yes, even though she caused such trouble and damaged our family's reputation... I still love my child. That's why I've kept her here in this mansion."

The Count's eyes, as he looked at his daughter, were filled with affection.

"Two years ago, Your Highness's marriage was a source of great depression. Just as you were finally getting back on your feet, news of the Crown Prince's wife being pregnant came. I can't help but feel sorry for that child."

"Is that so?"

Wouldn't a noble rejoice at the news of the Crown Prince and his wife having a child and feel sorry for a daughter who is shocked by it?

It seems that this Count, though competent in managing his estate, becomes foolish when his daughter is involved, as the merchant concluded from the rumors.

Would this plan work?

Thinking so, the merchant decided to propose a certain plan to the Count.

A young lady who still hasn't awakened from her dreams despite burdening her family with enormous debt, and her parents who pity her.

The merchant, who had been looking for the right person to propose this plan to, struggled to hold back a smile when he realized that the perfect candidate was right in front of him.

Then, he approached the Count.

"Count."

"What is it?"

Staring into the Count's eyes as he responded to the merchant's call, the merchant smirked.

"Don't you want to grant your daughter's wish?"

"What!?"

The Count, taken aback by the merchant's words, listened to the proposal. After some contemplation, the Count decided to go along with the merchant's plan, believing that if things went as the merchant intended, he could fulfill his daughter's wish while also getting revenge on those who had wronged him.

Later, the daughter was summoned to the office to hear the merchant's plan and she quickly agreed.

They immediately decided to take action.

The merchant, who had been observing this, was inwardly smirking without showing it on his face.

(How foolish to be so easily deceived... Well, if it goes well, it will be to our advantage, and even if it fails...)

With these thoughts in mind, the merchant looked at the Count, who was already excitedly discussing the plan with his daughter, and gazing at her with affection.

(All we have to do is cut ties.)

With this in mind, the merchant bid farewell to the Count and left the office.

As he walked down the corridors of the Lord's mansion, the merchant contemplated.

The Count's side had already set things in motion.

From now on, they would have to proceed cautiously.

Thinking about what needed to be done, the merchant left the Lord's mansion.