 fun activities
for a family of 4 to do indoors on a rainy day

"Did Alma have contact with a suspicious person?"

"Yes."

The day after hearing about Oug and Ellie's time in high school, a partner was changed from Mark to Oug because there was something to discuss.

While on the way to their destination, Oug shared the report from the spy he received yesterday.

"So, what made him seem suspicious?"

"Apparently, the man was waiting in front of the room until Vieri returned."

"Without hiding?"

"It seems so."

To approach Alma so brazenly...

"He was taken to the room as soon as Vieri returned. It took quite a while for him to come out of the room."

That means...

"He might be her boyfriend?"

"That's possible. But..."

"When did they first meet?"

"That's the question."

Oug mentioned that Alma only made trips between her office and home, along with shopping for necessities. So, someone visiting her might be...

"Someone she knew from before. A person from Darm, perhaps?"

"It seems that way."

From Oug's perspective, he was certainly a suspicious person, but...

"But, think about it, if he had some secret mission, would he openly and brazenly wait like that? Maybe he really came to see Alma, his girlfriend, who is in a long-distance relationship."

He seemed to have turned down Maria's invitation with a heavy heart, so it might be more natural for her boyfriend to come visit from a distant place.

"There's also the possibility that he's intentionally acting that way to make it look like he's a lover."

Ah, Oug had been suspicious of Alma, who is originally from Darm, from the beginning, so no matter what she does, it probably looks like suspicious behavior to him.

Oug's frustration with not knowing who the person Alma met with is understandable.

"Oh! Damn it! What on earth were they doing in the room and what kind of conversation were they having?"

"Well, um... Maybe they were doing something, whispering sweet words to each other?"

When I said that, Oug gave me a sharp look.

"You... You've been spending a lot of time with ladies recently, so maybe your thoughts are leaning towards romance?"

"If we can develop a device that can record, I think it can be very useful for criminal investigations," I explained to Oug, who then asked, "Can you do it?"

"However, in the last few days, the Security Bureau's equipment suddenly improved. Tools to trace magical traces and devices to eavesdrop on secret conversations and record them..."

"Wiretaps are easy to make because we have wireless communication devices, but give me some time for the recording device. I have to build it from scratch."

"Understood. Well, we're about to reach the village where the request was made. Let's finish the job first."

"Agreed."

With that, we ended our conversation with Oug and arrived at the village, our destination, to complete the request. Several days later, the wiretap device was completed, followed by the recording device. I was unsure how to store the recordings since we didn't have tapes, CDs, or hard drives. However, when I imbued the magic stone itself with the ability to "record," it functioned immediately.

Whether it's the magic measurement device or the recording device, magic stones themselves seem to be excellent magical tools, don't you think?

I'm starting to look forward to the beginning of magic stone trade with Quanlong.