a charter
to start a film club

"Ah, I don't particularly like that my first practical assignment is the investigation of Ellie's attacker."

Oh, this... Oug is pretty angry about it.

Even if they find the culprit, it's an act of rebellion against the royal family, so they won't escape the death penalty, I suppose.

With Oug being this furious, I can't imagine him showing any mercy...

"And, there are a few concerns, so we plan to conduct the investigation there simultaneously."

"Concerns?"

"Oh, it's nothing. So, I will be fully focused on the investigation for a while. Can you inform the team about reshuffling and allocating the assignments?"

"Understood. I'm in the office right now, so I'll let them know."

"My apologies. I appreciate it."

"No problem. But more importantly, even though she's unharmed, Ellie was still attacked. Make sure to comfort her properly."

Even if she's unharmed, Ellie, who has never been involved in combat before, must be in shock. Moreover, she's pregnant, so it's not good to disturb her emotionally, I think.

"Yeah, you're right. I've been doing that until you contacted me."

Huh? Oh, wait...

"Oops, sorry. Were you in the middle of something?"

"Don't phrase it so strangely. Huh? What is it? Are you going to switch with someone?"

Oug started talking to someone next to him in the middle of the conversation.

Based on the context of the conversation, this is definitely it.

"Is that you, Shin-san? It's Ellie. I really want to thank you for everything."

As expected, Ellie's expression of gratitude came just as anticipated.

"It's okay. Don't worry about it. Protecting friends is only natural, right?"

"Even so, thanks to the magical tools I received from you, both I and my unborn child were saved. No matter how much I thank you, it won't be enough. Thank you very much."

"I see. Then I'll accept your thanks honestly. But even though you're unharmed, you must be emotionally shaken, so take it easy for a while, okay?"

"Yes. The court physician also advised me to do so, so I'll be fine."

"That's a relief. Oh, how about coming over to my place with Shishiryu? It might be more refreshing than being alone, right?"

"Yes, that sounds good. I might take you up on that offer."

"Oh, don't hesitate. I'll talk to Shishiryu myself."

"Thank you. Oh, it looks like Oug wants to talk now."

"I overheard the conversation. Sorry, but I think I'll go along with that. I'll be a bother."

A wry smile escaped as Oug unexpectedly spoke words of wisdom.

"So, because you're friends, don't worry about it. Well then, that's it."

"Ah, I will contact you if anything else comes up."

With those words, Oug ended the communication.

I turned my attention away from the wireless communicator and faced the clerks who had been observing me intently.

"Ellie and her unborn child are safe."

As I said this, the clerks let out a relieved sigh.

"Phew... That's a relief."

Catarina, who had given me the report, seemed to slump into her chair, looking relieved. Alma, sitting next to her, also exhaled in relief.

"Oh, by the way, Catarina, and Cartas."

"Yes, what is it?"

"What's up?"

"Oug had a message for you. He'll be fully focused on the investigation for a while and won't be able to handle requests. He wants you to reorganize the personnel and redistribute the assignments."

"Understood."

Catarina immediately began reviewing the assignments that were scheduled for tomorrow. Cartas smiled wryly.

"It's not that difficult."

Impressive, as expected.

People who are good at their jobs are different.

I was impressed, but...

"Shin-san, please continue to take on requests by yourself. Then, if Tony and Mark work as a team, the reshuffling will be complete."

Again, I'll be on my own...

Starting from tomorrow, as I contemplated the emptiness of working alone again, Henri muttered with her hand on her chin.

"Nevertheless, it's quite audacious to target the Crown Princess. I wonder who the culprit is."

I was unsure how to react to her words.

They are our colleagues who work alongside us, but they are from another country.

If the possibility of an insider being the culprit is high, I couldn't speak too freely. Once the culprit is apprehended, we'll have no choice but to make it public, but in the current situation where the culprit is still at large, I couldn't discuss the progress of the investigation.

So, I decided to feign ignorance.

"Oug is currently investigating it, so we'll find out eventually."

As I said this, Catarina had a strangely gentle smile on her face.

"You really trust His Highness, don't you?"

Upon closer inspection, Alma also had a similar smile.

Why?

"It's not just trust, but you see, he's merciless with this kind of criminal. Moreover, this time, Ellie was the target, right? The seriousness is different. He said he'd mobilize all the Bureau investigators, so I think they'll find the culprit soon."

As I said this, Ian tilted his head.

"But, the culprit used magic on the Crown Princess and then escaped, right? Magic doesn't leave any traces, so finding them quickly might be difficult..."

To Ian's comment, I gave a vague response.

"Well, because it's Oug, it'll be fine."

After saying that, Catarina and Alma looked at me with warm eyes again.

So, why?

Then, it suddenly hit me.

Come to think of it, Catarina mentioned that she enjoys reading novels. And Alma seemed quite interested in romantic stories.

Could it be... both of them enjoy reading that kind of literature and are indulging in fantasies with us?

With that thought in mind, I cautiously looked at the two of them.

They both smiled and nodded as if they understood.

Huh? Seriously?

I realized that I needed to clear up this misunderstanding seriously.

"Um..."

"Yes?"

"What is it?"

"Uh..."

Thinking this, I tried to speak, but I didn't know how to broach the subject.

"Well, it's nothing..."

"I see."

"We'll also pray for His Highness's speedy return to the scene."

... I feel like I'm still misunderstanding!