 a fun fact
about the Roman Empire

The new explosion magic was successful.

Did I perhaps compress it a bit too much?

It caused a much bigger explosion than expected.

Yeah, it was good that I conducted the experiment!

"Shin, what just happened?"

"It certainly had an unusual way of exploding."

"While over there from the epicenter, it's a disaster, there's nothing happening on our side. What's going on?"

Questions about the earlier magic came from everyone.

"Oh, what gave me the idea was when, on the first day of the joint training, I blew away a horde of monsters with explosion magic."

"Oh, that one..."

"I was really worried about it. It was such a massive explosion that I had to create a barrier by myself. This one is less powerful, but..."

"Yeah, that idea of having to create a barrier by yourself made me think that it was an incomplete magic as a whole. So I wondered if there was a way to do it differently."

I explained the inspiration behind this magic.

"Is it because the shockwave from using explosion magic spreads in a circular manner?"

"Well, an explosion works that way, after all."

"What if we directed the shockwave in one direction instead of in a circular manner? Then we wouldn't need to create a barrier here."

"...I hadn't thought of that..."

"That's the idea I had."

"I still don't quite understand that concept..."

"Well, I understand the purpose of the magic, but what about its power!"

"No... it's a bit more powerful than I expected, or something like that..."

"Well, let's just say it was good that we conducted the experiment."

"Yeah, I never expected it to have this much power!"

"You fool! Listen, don't just use magic as soon as you come up with it from now on! Experiment here first!"

"Yeah, I understand..."

I was scolded by Grandma, but new magic is too dangerous to use without experimenting.

"But still... the fact that it was more powerful than expected, does it have something to do with directing the blast in one direction?"

"Oh, that could be possible. It would also lead to the question of where the blast that was originally supposed to come here went."

I nodded at Thor's observation. Yeah, that could be one of the factors.

"Sigh... as always, when I see your magic, it feels like my lifespan shortens. I never know what you'll do next."

Oug is being questioned by the woman called Elizabeth. This kind of scene is quite rare.

"What's with that smirk on your face?"

"Huh? Oh, I'm not doing anything like that."

"You are!"

"Really? Is that so?"

He's always teased by Oug, so opportunities like this are rare. Thinking that way, Elizabeth approached them with an irritated expression.

"Hey! What are you two getting so excited about while leaving me out?"

"Oh, sorry, Ellie."

Oh, they call her Ellie usually?

"Oug, could you introduce her to me?"

"Oh, right. This is Elizabeth. Elizabeth von Coral, the daughter of the Coral Duke's family."

"Nice to meet you, the grandson of the hero and the new hero, Shin Wolfsford. I am Elizabeth von Coral, the second daughter of the Coral Duke's family and also the fiancée of His Highness August. Nice to meet you."

With that greeting, Elizabeth, who had long, loosely curled blonde hair that reached down to her back and blue eyes, introduced herself as a beautiful girl.

I secretly expected her to have drill hair because she's a duke's daughter.

"Thank you for your kind words. I am Shin Wolfsford. Nice to meet you too."

But why is a duke's daughter here?

"More importantly, Ellie, why are you here?"

Oug had the same question and was asking Elizabeth.

"It's not like I have a choice! As soon as the academy's long vacation started, you left me and Mei behind and went off to the training camp!"

"Mei?"

"My sister."

Ah, Mei-chan, the one who refused to come to their house!

Come to think of it, Oug didn't take Mei home because he had to go to the acceptance announcement, but after that, he came over as usual, even without any particular reason.

"Hey, Oug."

"What's up?"

"Didn't you not bring your sister home because you had to go to the acceptance announcement, right?"

"That's right."

"But you came to play with her normally afterward, didn't you?"

"That's right."

"Why didn't you bring her home? She looks up to Granny, doesn't she?"

"Well, I found Mei's despairing face amusing."

"Cruel!"

Poor Mei-chan!

"That's cruel, big brother!"

Feeling sorry for the pitiable little sister, another girl emerged from the back of the guard post.

She looked around ten years old, with straight sandy blonde hair, blue eyes, and a fair, promising complexion.

Since she mentioned "big brother" earlier, could it be...

"What's with you? Mei, where have you been?"

"Where have I been? Well, I didn't go anywhere! I overheard your conversation earlier. Do you have something important to discuss? You weren't just out having fun, were you?"

"Oh, busted, huh?"

"Grrr! That's cruel! It's unfair! I want to meet Lady Merida too!"

After a playful interaction with Oug, she seemed to remember my presence and rushed to greet me.

"Oh, I'm sorry! I'm Mei von Earlsheid! I'm August's little sister, and, um, um, I'm a big fan of Lady Merida!"

"Take it easy, alright?"

"Yes, I'm sorry!"

"I'm Shin, Shin Wolfsford. I'm the grandson of Marlin and Merida. Nice to meet you, Mei-chan."

"Yes, sure!"

"Oug and I have kind of a cousin-like relationship, so I'd be happy if you could treat me like that too, Mei-chan."

"Um... can I call you Big Brother Shin?"

"Big brother is fine. I'm not royalty like Oug, you know."

"Big Brother Shin..."

"Yes."

"Hehe, I'm glad I have a big brother who isn't mean!"

"I see... you've had it tough as Oug's little sister."

"That's right! Do you understand, Big Brother Shin?"

"Oh, yeah, he teases me all the time..."

"Me too! I'm always tricked by my big brother..."

So we stared at each other for a while and then shook hands, comforting each other about our shared struggles.

"What are you guys... doing..."

We heard Oug's angrily tinged voice.

"Huh? What are we doing..."

"What do you mean... We're consoling each other about the hardships we share with you, teasing comrades!"

"Oh, really? Are you having a tough time?"

"Of course! You always find something to tease me about and never let up! Let me fight back a bit!"

"Big Brother Shin is amazing!"

"I see... you've been struggling too... as Oug's little sister..."

"That's right! Do you understand, Big Brother Shin?"

"Yeah, I know Oug keeps teasing you all the time..."

"I do too! I'm always fooled by my big brother..."

And so, after staring at each other for a while, we held hands and consoled each other about our respective hardships.

"What are you guys... doing..."

We heard Oug's angrily tinged voice.

"Huh? What are we doing..."

"What do you mean... We're consoling each other about the hardships we share with you, teasing comrades!"

"Oh, really? Are you having a tough time?"

"Of course! You always find something to tease me about and never let up! Let me fight back a bit!"

"Big Brother Shin is amazing!"

"I see... you've been struggling too... as Oug's little sister..."

"That's right! Do you understand, Big Brother Shin?"

"Yeah, I know Oug keeps teasing you all the time..."

"I do too! I'm always fooled by my big brother..."

And so, after staring at each other for a while, we held hands and consoled each other about our respective hardships.

"Oh, despite struggling so much..."

"Hmm..."

"Come on, Big Brother Shin, do your best!"

In response to Mei-chan's encouragement, I looked at Oug, who was once again grinning.

"Oug! Are you teasing me again!?"

"Hahaha! I'm happy because you're reacting just as I expected, Shin."

"You...!"

"That's right! I said, don't just leave me behind and have fun!"

Elizabeth interjected with her annoyed remark.

"Miss Ellie, your tone is disheveled."

"Ah! I apologize."

"More importantly, Ellie, Mei, why are you here?"

"Oh, right! I mentioned it earlier, but we're being left behind by Shin and Mei! We want to go to the training camp too!"

"We want to go to the training camp!"

"Training camp? This is a 'High Magic Academy' 'Research Club' training camp, you know? Why do we have to bring outsiders like you?"

"W-well..."

"That's unfair! Even though it's called a training camp, Claude's city is a hot spring town! We're not even practicing magic!"

"We are practicing, but in a different location."

"Really? Is that so?"

"See, you're just going to take a bath in the hot springs! I want to go too!"

"Yeah! I want to go too!"

Looking closely, there were travel bags prepared. They must have known that Oug would come around this time for the regular report.

"Sigh... I'm not really just going for fun..."

"We won't disturb your practice! We were looking forward to spending the long vacation with August-sama, but he's always busy with the research club..."

I see, Oug comes over quite often, always claiming to be part of the research club. Maybe that's why he doesn't have the best reputation.

"Besides... we need to make sure no bad influences get to August-sama..."

Elizabeth mentioned something like that.

"Oug? Haha, no way."

I said that to reassure Elizabeth, but Oug stared at me intently.

What's with him?

"I wonder if it's true..."

Um... why is he so suspicious of me?

"Hey, Oug."

"What?"

"Is she doubting something?"

"Ugh... What is she misunderstanding?"

"Including the purpose of such surveillance, I will accompany you to the training camp."

"Huh, this is grown-up talk!"

For some reason, my little sister's excitement was rising.

After thinking for a while, Oug spoke up.

"Having prepared travel bags implies that you have already received approval from Father and the Duke, right?"

"Yes, Father readily agreed, saying that if Wise Sir and the Archbishop are also there, there should be no problem."

"I got permission from my Father too!"

"I see... you seem to be well-prepared."

It seems like all the preliminary work has already been done.

While we were discussing this, another person entered the guardhouse.

"Why don't you just take them with you?"

"Father!"

The King has arrived.

"Even though it's a training camp, you will be practicing magic at the usual location, won't you?"

"Father, you knew about it too?"

"Yes, I made up my mind to have Shin-kun admitted to the Magic Academy after seeing his magic there. Besides, instead of taking them to that wilderness, why don't you let them stay in Claude's city? It's a hot spring town, and just bringing them there would be a break."

"Yes, if Father says so."

"We did it! Mei!"

"We did it! Miss Ellie!"

After Oug gave his permission, he warned the two.

"Let me make it clear, we're really going to practice magic there, so don't just get in the way."

"Yes!"

"We understand."

It seems like the conversation has come to a close, and there were no signs of the demons in the initial report, so I thought it was time to head back.

At that moment, I had a thought about our destination.

"Oh, right."

"What's up, Shin?"

"Actually, the training camp is in Sicily's family territory, right? They might be suspicious because we're going to a female student's home."

"Oh, that might be true."

"It's not like that at all!"

Elizabeth denied my speculation.

"The one I'm most suspicious of is..."

"Is it me?"

"Yes, it's you, Shin!"

"What?!?"

"Ugh, this is an adult conversation!"

Why would she think that?