 nostalgia
to a kindergartener

Mei-chan seemed to accept the idea of flying in the air with levitation magic tomorrow.

"Tomorrow, I'll come wearing pants!"

She seemed fully committed to participating in the training in the wilderness tomorrow.

"That's fine, but since we're in a hot spring town, shouldn't we explore the town while we're here?"

"Well, I find it more enjoyable to be with everyone than at the hot springs!"

Well, if she's a child, that makes sense. Being with everyone must be more fun for Mei-chan.

"You should've realized today that we are seriously practicing magic. Please don't be a hindrance, alright?"

"I understand! Besides, I'll also be learning magic from Lady Merida!"

"That might be a nuisance for Lady Merida."

"Oh, don't worry about me. I'm usually bored during Merlin's lectures. I can look after Mei-chan."

"I'm sorry, Lady Merida."

"Besides, taking care of Shin wasn't much trouble in that aspect. She's a girl, and it's nice to take care of her."

"Indeed, I don't remember having any trouble with Shin."

Grandpa and Grandma were talking nostalgically about my childhood.

"What kind of child was Shin when he was little?"

Sissily seemed curious about that, so she asked about my childhood.

"Well, um... it's okay to tell that story, but Shin, Your Highness, please finish your business first. There's something I need to ask Sissily's parents about," Grandpa said, interrupting the conversation.

"My parents? Why?"

"Well, your family is nobility, right? If that's the case, this matter might even lead to an engagement. There are things that need to be asked before that."

"Oh... I see. I understand."

Could it be about that? Is it about me not being their true grandson?

Come to think of it, I haven't told anyone about that yet.

It seems that Grandma intends to reveal it to everyone at the celebratory gathering this time.

"Did you plan to tell everyone, Grandpa?"

"Ho ho, this is the first time I've heard of it..."

It seems that Grandpa wasn't informed about this plan.

It seems that Grandma has taken full control of the situation.

...The circumstances at the time of their marriage are so vivid in my mind, it brings tears to my eyes...

After sending everyone back to the mansion, I open a gate to the royal castle.

"Thank you, Your Highness, Mr. Wolforde."

The security guards I had met in the morning greeted me.

"Hey, I was waiting for you, Shin-kun."

As expected, Uncle Dis was waiting there.

"I knew you'd be here."

"You did?"

"Irene mentioned that Cecil was bragging about it at work, so Uncle Dis got wind of it too."

"Indeed... I did brag to everyone at work..."

"So, Uncle Dis would probably come, so be prepared."

"Shin, could I go back to the house in the capital?"

"No, you can't! If you do that..."

"No! Don't tell everyone! Ugh... maybe I should have just been scolded..."

"Do your best..."

Seems like there are strong wives around me.

Is everyone like that?

"What's wrong, Shin-kun?"

"Nothing..."

"Father also can't stand up to Mother."

"Is that so?"

"Hey! What are you revealing?!"

"Oh, sorry. I tend to be myself when I'm with Shin..."

"I thought my son was finally speaking his mind..."

"It surprised you, right?"

"Well, what's wrong with it?"

"Is it really possible to have this kind of exchange with Your Majesty and Your Highness?"

Cecil and the security guards were surprised. They probably don't see me like this every day.

"By the way, what about Zeke-chan and Chris-nee-chan?"

"Oh, they're probably going through the gate, right? Besides, with the Sage Lord, the High Priest, Shin-kun, and the researchers, you don't need an escort, do you?"

"That makes sense."

"Also, there will probably be a formal engagement announcement party in the capital, so we can have you join at that time."

"Are we really going to make it a big event?"

"Of course. Your partner is a noble, and you're a new hero. The public won't be satisfied without a formal engagement announcement party."

"I see... seriously?"

"It's serious. Anyway, let's get going soon. If we're late, we'll worry Merlin Lord."

"Okay, I understand."

"Then, I'll probably stay there for the night, so let them know."

"Got it! I'll inform them."

Finally, we headed to Claude's mansion in the city.

"Oh, sorry, Uncle Dis, there's somewhere I want to stop by, so wait for me."

"What is it? You can go with me."

"It's fine! I'll be back soon, so wait for me!"

Saying that, I went to take care of some business and then returned to the royal castle.

"Sorry for the wait. Let's go now."

This time, we headed to Claude's mansion in the city.

"It's really convenient."

"Shall I accompany you the next time you go to your territory?"

"Well... it's an attractive offer, but I can't do that."

"Why not?"

"You see, Shin-kun, when nobles travel from the capital to their territories or from their territories to the capital, they always stop at cities along the way."

Uncle Dis answered my question.

"Because when nobles travel, they form relatively large groups. Ignoring the economic impact of stopping in cities along the way is not possible."

"I see, so it's like that."

"Yes, and it's also important for nobles to have interactions with other nobles or local administrators in the cities."

"I see, that's how it works."

Nobles have it tough.

"So, Shin-kun, this magical tool you gave me has been a real help. Thank you."

"No, if it helps, I'll provide as many as you need."

"Really? That's much appreciated. Of course, I'll pay you for it."

"Come on, you don't have to."

"I can't accept that. Besides, if I don't pay, they might say I sold my daughter for magical tools."

"What?!"

I couldn't believe what Uncle Dis just said.

"Unfortunately, Your Majesty is correct. This world is not just full of good people, especially now with the vacant position of the Deputy Chief of the Treasury. Many are aiming for that position."

Oh, right, Cecil is the Chief of the Treasury. He must be in a position where he can aim for the Deputy Chief of the Treasury. Bureaucratic politics... it doesn't change even in a different world.

"I understand. But I'll provide them, at a reasonable price. That's non-negotiable."

"Is that so? Thank you."

While we were having this conversation in the mansion's entrance hall, the servants noticed.

"Oh, Your Majesty! Welcome, sir!"

The servants gathered in the hall upon hearing the voice and all kneeled in unison.

Then Irene appeared from the back and elegantly bowed.

"Welcome, Your Majesty. We have been waiting for you."

"Today is a celebration for Shin-kun, so I've come here privately. There's no need for formal hospitality."

"Yes, I understand. And... you."

"Yes?"

"I have something to discuss with you later."

"...Yes."

I'm sorry, Cecil... I can't... I can't help...

"Everything is ready, so please proceed to the dining room. Shin-kun, come this way."

"Why?"

"Well, of course, you need to change into this attire and make an entrance with Sissily."

It seems like things are becoming more and more important!

"Then change in this room and wait for me. I'll call Sissily right away."

Saying that, Irene pushed me into an empty room and went to fetch Sissily.

Once I changed into a white shirt, white pants, and a blue military-style outfit that was there, I suddenly felt restless.

As I fidgeted and waited, there was a knock on the door.

"Y-Yes!"

In response to my answer, the door opened, revealing...

Sissily, wearing a light blue, fluffy dress and her hair up. The dress was adorned with frills and looked cute, while her updo and accessories added a touch of maturity, making Sissily even more adorable in an imbalanced way.

"Uhm... Shin-kun?"

Sissily's voice called out to me as I was lost in admiration.

"Oh, sorry, I got lost in your cuteness."

"Eh... Thank you. Shin-kun, you look handsome too."

"Really?"

"Yes, really. Am I the one who's really...?"

"Yeah, you're so cute that my heart flutters."

"Shin-kun..."

"Sissily..."

"Ahem!"

I had completely forgotten Irene was there!

"I understand that you're close, so please join us in the dining room a little later."

With a smile, Irene said that and left ahead of us.

Even though there were people around, it felt like we couldn't control ourselves once our feelings had connected.

We looked at each other's faces and, with wry smiles, decided to ask about something that had been bothering us.

"Sissily, we started dating and immediately got engaged. Do you have any objections to that?"

"Yes. I was a bit overwhelmed earlier, but I'm a daughter of a noble family, so I was prepared from the start. I'm just so happy to be engaged to the person I love. I could burst with joy."

She said that, her eyes moistening, and smiled warmly.

"Sissily..."

"Shin-kun..."

"Uhm... we can talk more about that later..."

The guide maid was still there!

"Oh, I'm sorry."

"Ah, I did it again..."

Come on, we're in public!

"Well, let's go."

Led by the maid, we arrived at the dining room where we usually have meals. However, this time, the chairs and tables had been removed, and preparations for a standing party were in place.

The Claude family's servants are quite skilled!

As we entered the dining room, everyone greeted us with applause.

"Is everyone's glasses filled? Well then, let's begin the celebration and engagement announcement party for our friend Merlin, Lady Merida's grandson, Shin-kun, and Claude's daughter Sissily, who has become his girlfriend."

"Deceum, please wait a moment."

"Yes? What is it, Master Merlin?"

"When you make this announcement, it will officially declare these two as engaged. While it's a joyous occasion, Claude and his wife..."

"Yes!"

"What is it, Lady Merida?"

"There's something we must tell you."

It's about that thing.

"If we don't share this with you, it will be deceitful. It's a difficult matter, so please listen."

"Um, I understand."

Cecil responded in a subdued manner to Grandma's serious tone.

And then, Grandma began to tell the story of my background.

"Shin... well, you see, he's not really our true grandson."

Those words took everyone by surprise, and the party fell into silence.

"It was almost fifteen years ago when it happened. I came across a destroyed carriage that had been attacked by monsters."

Grandpa started describing the scene when he found me.

"There was no one left alive... the situation was so dire that it made me think that. I approached the wreckage of the carriage, thinking that I should at least offer my respects. That's when... miraculously, only this child survived."

Everyone was left speechless by the shocking story. They listened quietly to Grandpa's account.

"When I picked up this child... well, there were various circumstances, but I thought of it as fate and made the decision to raise this child."

"Did you not know... who Shin-kun's parents were?"

Cecil asked a question.

"There was nothing to identify the child's origins. In fact, it was so chaotic that I couldn't even tell who the child was."

"Even so..."

Grandpa continued to tell the story.

"Oh, when I first heard the story, I also thought it was a miracle. Honestly, at first, I thought we should leave him at an orphanage. But after hearing that story... and when this child smiled at me... I made up my mind. If Merlin was going to raise this child, I decided to support him with all my might and become this child's grandmother."

I had never heard this story before.

...I wonder if something happened in the past?

"The fact that you two accepted Shin probably has a lot to do with the fact that he's our grandchild. But this child has no blood relation to us. Still, will you accept Shin as Sissily's fiancé?"

After hearing this, Cecil and Irene exchanged glances and nodded.

I wonder what conclusion they reached...

"Lady Merida, Lord Merlin, I must admit I was disappointed."

"Is that so..."

"It can't be helped..."

In response to Cecil's words, both of them looked dejected.

I also... felt crushed by the expressions of my grandparents and Cecil's response...

"Both of you, please don't underestimate us!"

"Huh..."

"We didn't accept Shin just because he's your grandson! We approved of his relationship and engagement with Sissily because he cares about her above all else and is willing to protect even us, his family. It's precisely because Shin is so kind and strong that we approved of his relationship... Don't belittle us!"

Cecil declared with determination.

I was genuinely touched by her words and felt a few tears welling up.

"It's as our master says. We hoped for Shin because he's Shin, and it doesn't matter who he is or where he comes from."

Irene also said the same.

"I see... I see..."

"Thank you..."

Both my grandparents were shedding tears.

Seeing that, I realized once again that I was truly cherished, and my overflowing tears fell.

"Shin-kun..."

Sissily gently wiped away my tears with a handkerchief.

Then, with a smile, she said, "I feel the same way. I love you because you're Shin-kun. Besides, when we first met, I didn't even know you were their grandson."

"That's right, come to think of it."

After receiving the handkerchief from Sissily and wiping away my own tears, I turned to Cecil and Irene.

"Cecil, Irene, thank you. I'll do my best to protect Sissily with all my might so as not to disappoint your expectations."

"Yeah, I'm counting on you."

"Hehe, take care, Shin-kun."

"By the way, Grandpa, Grandma."

"Yes?"

"What is it?"

I expressed my gratitude to the two of them again while they were wiping away tears with handkerchiefs.

"Grandpa, thank you for picking me up. I've said this before, but I want to say it again. I'm happy to be your grandson, Grandpa."

"Shin..."

"Grandma, thank you for being my grandma. I'm always getting scolded, but... I'm happy to be your grandson, Grandma."

"What... are you saying..."

Both of them wiped away their tears, which had welled up again.

The atmosphere in the room became quite solemn.

But this was something I had to say now, no matter what.

"Now that both families have agreed, instead of being somber, why don't we get started?"

Uncle Dis spoke at just the right moment.

"Shin=Wolford and Sissily=von=Claude, I shall oversee and acknowledge your engagement as the designated witness. This is a declaration made as the King of the Arsheid Kingdom."

We received the royal seal of approval.

Or maybe he mentioned that he was here as a private person earlier...

Was it just a formality?

"Here's to the bright future of these promising young individuals... Cheers!"

"Cheers!"

I wasn't sure if he was here as a private person or a public figure, but Uncle Dis had approved it, which meant that officially, Sissily and I were engaged.

Engagement right after starting a relationship is something that was hard to imagine in my previous life, but when in Rome, do as the Romans do, and there were no objections.

Being a noble is quite challenging and troublesome, though.

"By the way, don't nobles have to have many children? Isn't there a struggle for the successor and all that? Isn't it difficult?"

"Oh, about that..."

Cecil and even Uncle Dis chuckled.

"Shin, in this country, the royal family and nobility have a very heavy responsibility towards the citizens and the people in their territories."

"That's right... The profits from managing your territories are considerable, but the responsibilities are even greater."

"And there are inspections of the state of your territories, too."

"Inspections as well?"

"And if, through those inspections, you're found to be unjustly burdening the people with heavy taxes and the like..."

"W-What happens?"

"They'll confiscate your territory, strip you of your title, and impose a punishment."

"Really?"

"Oh, so that's why. Usually, I leave it to Camille, the steward, but I need to visit the territory regularly. I have to hear the direct voices of the residents, you see."

"It's probably one of the toughest jobs in this country."

"...I heard someone collapsed from overwork the other day."

"Really?"

"Yes... Let's both be careful."

"Indeed."

Another somber mood descended upon the room.

"Anyway, being the head of a noble family is incredibly challenging, which is why not many people want to do it."

"When my father told me he would pass on the title, I can't forget how my siblings and relatives cheered..."

"I-Is that so?"

Cheering for not inheriting a title... How tough is it to be the head of a noble family?

"Well, Sissily is the third daughter, and she'll be marrying into the Wolford family, so she doesn't need to worry too much about inheriting the title. However, if you two have children, they will carry the bloodline of the Claude family, so just be aware of that possibility."

"Shin-kun's children..."

Sissily blushed and squirmed.

"Oh, by the way, Lady Merida! You were in the middle of telling us about Shin-kun's childhood earlier!"

"Oh, that's right!"

Alice was probably reminded by the word "children" and expressed her desire to hear about my childhood, which she hadn't heard earlier. Grandma began to speak with a nostalgic look on her face.

"He was a baby, but he wasn't a child who cried or fussed too much."

"That's right. He hardly cried, which made us worry sometimes..."

"...Indeed. We wondered if he couldn't express such emotions due to the shock of the monster attack."

He had a sense of self from the age of one... Sorry for making you worry.

"And as he grew up, he started talking late, which also worried us..."

"Indeed, that was true, but once he started talking, he caught up quickly."

"Yes, he was curious about everything, asking, 'What's this? What's that?'"

"If the answer was vague, he would relentlessly inquire. I remember researching things we couldn't answer after returning to the royal castle."

"Dealing with Shin's 'whys' was quite a challenge..."

The three of them looked a bit tired.

"I-I'm sorry... I've come to a completely different world, so everything seems so novel..."

"Shin quickly learning to use magic was surprising too."

"I was amazed... He was what, around three years old?"

"Hehe, that's right."

"Three years old!?"

Everyone raised their voices in unison.

"Huh? What's the usual age for that?"

"If you can control magic while in elementary school, you're considered excellent."

"So, what does that mean?"

"About twelve years old."

"Wow, so Meixi is super amazing, then."

"Hehehe, thank you, Shin Onii-chan."

"No... You were three years old, you know."

"Ah, well, Grandpa was often using magic, so I watched him closely and tried it out myself."

"...By the way, do you remember that when you were three years old?"

"I do."

I was amazed at those words. Well, that's true. My case is cheating!

"And after I taught her magic, she would learn it almost in one go."

"You must have enjoyed it, teaching one magic after another."

"Hehe... She learned almost anything right away, so I couldn't help but enjoy it."

"Because of that, Shin..."

Grandma was about to complain to Grandpa but managed to hold back. Grandpa was relieved, but it looked sad.

"You never complained, you listened obediently, and you even helped around the house... If only you didn't have that habit of wanting to try out everything you thought of, you would've been a low-maintenance child."

"Yeah, and you also helped a lot with the chores around the house."

"That's why I needed to keep an eye on this child to prevent her from going out of control, but she didn't give us much trouble in raising her."

"I see, I didn't know Shin-kun was such a good child... That's surprising!"

Alice made a rather rude comment.

"What do you mean by surprising?"

"Because, it seems like Shin-kun has been causing trouble for Lady Merida and others since he was a child!"

"Why is that?"

"Considering the current situation..."

"Indeed, we can't deny that it was surprising."

Seems like I'm still considered a troublesome child...

"But, but! Grandpa, you're still just as kind and considerate as ever!"

Sissily desperately tried to cover for me.

She's really kind... I love her for these kinds of qualities.

"Hehe, I'm delighted to be called 'Grandpa' by you, Sissily."

"Yes, from now on, call us that, Sissily."

"Yes! Understood, Granny!"

Grandma was smiling and beaming at that response. I've never seen her look like this before...

With various conversations and stories from my childhood, the somewhat somber party became lively and eventually came to an end.

After the party ended, Sissily and I were alone on the balcony.

"Whew... It's over..."

"Good job, Shin. But when we return to the capital, there will be an official engagement party, so do your best."

"Seriously..."

Sissily chuckled while observing me.

I had to say it, right?

"Sissily."

"Yes, what is it?"

"I know I'm a bit late in the order of things, but..."

I handed Sissily something I obtained when I went to the capital earlier.

"Huh? What's this?"

"The engagement party is already over, but..."

I showed her a diamond ring that was inside a small box.

"Sissily."

"Yes."

I said it again.

"Will you be my... bride?"

In response to the ring and my words, Sissily, who had been frozen for a moment, slowly smiled and replied.

"Yes, I will be your bride, Shin."

Hearing her answer, I placed the ring on the ring finger of Sissily's left hand.

She looked at the ring with a happy expression.

Just seeing her like that made me feel happy too.

"I did ask you to be my girlfriend just yesterday, though."

"That's true."

We both chuckled.

And then, Sissily jumped into my arms.

"Shin... I'm so happy..."

"Sissily..."

We embraced each other, gazing into each other's eyes. Then, Sissily closed her eyes. I leaned in, and our lips met...