 some codenames
for a project introducing flexible work arrangements

After the private engagement party for close family members, I and Cecily returned to our respective rooms.

Really!

At her family's home, with her parents there... I wouldn't have the courage to do something like that!

"Good morning, Shin-kun."

The next day, as I was on my way to the dining area for breakfast, I ran into Cecily. She greeted me with a slightly different, somewhat seductive smile.

"Good morning, Cecily. You look... especially beautiful today."

"Hehe... thank you."

Oh, Cecily seems a bit flustered.

"Cecily... you..."

Maria seemed to have noticed something.

"Well... I never expected Cecily to climb the 'stairs of adulthood' before Shin did..."

"Hey! What are you saying, Maria!"

"Based on the way you two are acting, something must have happened last night with Shin, right?"

"Something? What are you talking about?"

I thought she had stopped being flustered, but it seemed she was still flustered after all.

As I watched this whole scene with a grin, Oug interrupted.

"Shin... you're gross."

"Never mind that, Big Brother! Cecily seems different today!"

"Oh, that? Shin, did you do something?"

"What do you mean...?"

"For someone so timid, you sure move fast."

"What are you talking about?"

"Oh well..."

Oug sighed and whispered to me.

"Make sure to use protection."

"You... you bastard! I haven't gone that far!!"

"I see, so you did everything else before that."

"I've been set up!"

I can't believe it... Oug is truly the scheming prince. He managed to extract such a statement so skillfully!

"No, Shin-dono, it's too obvious..."

Huh? Is it really?

"Ugh... Shin-kun, you!"

"I'm sorry, Cecily."

Did they want to keep last night a secret between them? It was already exposed in no time!

"Ah, it's an adult matter!"

Come on, Mei-chan! A ten-year-old shouldn't be talking about adult matters!

"What are you two making a fuss about here?"

"If you don't hurry, your breakfast will get cold."

The adults appeared in the hallway where we were making noise.

That's right, I had to escort Uncle Dis and Aunt Cecil to the royal castle.

"Good morning, Your Majesty, everyone."

Irene was already in the dining room.

The dining room had returned to its usual state after the party from yesterday.

The servants of the Claude family are really top-notch!

"Oh? Cecily, why is your face so red?"

"N-No! It's nothing!"

"I see. Alright, everyone, go ahead and start eating."

And so, the usual breakfast with the usual faces plus the addition of guardians began.

During the meal, there was a discussion about what Oug had mentioned earlier.

"By the way, Shin, about that ceremony for the Crown Prince you mentioned before."

"Oh, now that you mention it, you did talk about it."

The ceremony is scheduled for a week from now."

"Oh, is that so?"

"Yes, but I'm sorry to say that we'd like you to have your engagement announcement party before that."

"Why?"

"After the Crown Prince's ceremony, there will be festivities in the capital for a while. If that happens, the timing for your engagement party will be delayed."

"I see, that makes sense."

"Claude, I apologize for the time constraint, but I would appreciate your help with the preparations."

"Understood, Your Highness."

"If that's the case, Claude, you should focus on the preparations for a while. I'll talk to the department on your behalf."

"Really? Thank you so much!"

"Your consideration is greatly appreciated. Shin, I'll handle the party preparations, so please take care of things like selecting the guests."

"I understand, leave it to me."

Cecily seemed to be intimidated by Irene's strong presence... Is she going to be my mother-in-law?

"Shin-kun, you're not thinking anything rude, are you?"

"No! Not at all!"

Scary! Irene is really scary!

"Cecily, from now until the engagement party, there will be a lot to do, like selecting a dress and accessories after the training camp is over. Do your best."

"Yes, Mother."

"And, since you're getting engaged before Cecilia and Sylvia... be prepared."

"Uh... yes..."

Cecilia? Sylvia?

"Eldest and second daughters."

I guess they noticed my puzzled expression, and Cecily explained.

"By the way, Shin-kun, have you met anyone other than Cecily from our family?"

"Yes, I've heard about them, but... you mean they don't live at home?"

"All three of them are living independently now. They've moved out, either into dorms or renting their own places."

Three of them? Oh, my step-brothers!

"What's your step-brother's name?"

"Hmm? Oh, his name is Royce. Royce von Claude. For now, he's supposed to be the heir of the Claude family, but..."

"What's wrong?"

"Well... they're all my kids, but the girls, including Cecily, are attending the High Mage Academy. Cecilia and Sylvia have also joined the Mage Corps. But Royce is the only one who graduated from the Imperial Academy of Magistracy. He's, how should I put it... he's smart, but in terms of physical strength, he's outclassed by his younger sisters. He seems a bit lacking in confidence..."

I see... the Claude family's daughters are intimidating!

"Shin-kun?"

"You?"

"Yes!"

"It's nothing! Really!"

Even Cecily seems to be exerting a strange pressure now!

"Your Majesty, isn't it about time to go to the castle?"

"Oh, right, you're correct. Shin-kun, I'm counting on you."

"Uh, sure, I understand."

"Oh, by the way."

"What?"

"Can you prepare two or three more of those magical communication devices you gave me the other day?"

"Sure. Should I give you the ones I have now?"

"Yes, that would be a great help. I've been asked if it's possible to prepare some for urgent communication from several countries that share borders with the Empire. We don't want it to seem like we're monopolizing your equipment in our country."

I took out the magical communication devices that I had given to Uncle Dis before and handed them over.

"Wait a minute... What is that, Shin?"

"Huh? Well, I heard that espionage work is tough in the Empire, and I thought it might be useful to have a long-distance communication device..."

"Long-distance communication!?"

Oh, right, I hadn't mentioned it to everyone.

To explain, I showed them the magical communication device. It looks just like a string telephone. When I added "voice transmission and reception" to the cup part, it allowed wired communication.

I thought it was too simple, but string telephones themselves have a simple structure. If all it's used for is voice communication, this should be sufficient.

"Could someone please take this outside of the dining room?"

"I'll do it! I want to go!"

Mai-chan enthusiastically raised her hand.

"Oh! I'm late!"

Alice, you're not very considerate, you should let your younger sister go first.

"I guess you're right. It'll be good practice for using magical devices. How about we ask Mai-chan?"

"Yay!"

"Granny, would you accompany Mai-chan?"

"Well... I don't mind, but..."

With a complex expression, Granny left the dining room with Mai-chan.

"Alice, can you handle this side?"

"Yes! Leave it to me!"

"Alright, just flow your magic like you would when activating the magical device."

"Okay."

"I can hear a voice!"

"Huh? Princess Mai?"

"Oh, is it Alice, big sister?"

"That's right. Um, where are you right now, Princess Mai?"

"I'm in my room."

You've gone quite a distance!

"From there!?"

"Alright, Mai-chan, turn off your magic here, and this time, you try activating it. Granny, please teach her."

"Uh, sure. I got it."

"Okay, Alice, turn off your magic."

"Okay."

And after a while...

"Um, can you hear me?"

"Yes, Mai-chan, I can hear you."

"Yay! I used a magical device for the first time!"

Mai-chan seemed delighted, and questions started coming from all around.

"Hey, Shin! What's this? Princess Mai's room is quite far away, isn't it?"

"Shin-dono, you've created something extraordinary again."

"With this, gathering information will be much easier. This is amazing!"

"Huh? I still don't get it, Walford-kun!"

I think this was around the end of the joint training with the Knight Academy. I had heard from Oug that espionage work in the old empire was tough, so I tried to come up with something.

As I was explaining the background, Granny rushed in with an alarmed expression.

"Shin! You've created something unbelievable again!"

"Gr-Gran... I can't..."

"Oh, Granny! Please calm down!"

"Huff... huff... Shin! What on earth is this?"

"It's as you can see... it's a magical device that allows us to send each other's voices to a distance."

"This... to think that a mere Enchanter's dream would come true so easily..."

Oh, I see...
!
You've reached our limit of messages per hour. Please try again later.

"I'm Father's first child, but he's quite old, don't you think?"

"Now that you mention it..."

I had heard that royalty and nobility tended to marry early, but Uncle Dis seemed older for Oug's father. I had assumed it might be because they had trouble having children...

"Disceum, well... after graduating from the High Mage Academy, he decided to travel with us."

"During that time, he was treated more like an apprentice or a servant... so it's hard to treat him with too much respect now."

"Haha... he was put through quite a lot..."

Uncle Dis had a distant look in his eyes... He must have been really put through the wringer...

Wait, didn't he say he was the Crown Prince? What is Uncle Dis doing?

"Back then, he left behind not only his fiancée, who is now the Queen, but also his position as the Crown Prince. That's why he can't face the Queen even now."

"Yeah, it's a result of his own actions."

"Haha... that's hard to hear. Anyway, Merida-sensei, I believe this is a necessary technology for the world. We plan to spread it not only in our country but to other nations as well. I apologize, but please understand."

Granny had a grim expression at those words, but she eventually gave her approval.

"A communication device as standard equipment for the Royal Army... I don't think it's a good idea to give such a large sum of money to someone at such a young age."

"It's not a big deal. Shin is already an adult and I think it's admirable that he's able to earn this much on his own."

Grandpa with a nice save! He's engaged to Cecily, and having income is a good thing, yes!

"The amount is the issue... It's true that the balance in the Royal Bank account has been a bit alarming lately, though..."

"Your Majesty, uh... the time..."

"Huh? Oh, my goodness! Shin-kun, please!"

"Oh, yeah. Understood."

While we were engrossed in conversation, time was running out, so I quickly connected the gate to the royal castle.

After seeing off Uncle Dis and Cecil, it was time for today's training.

In fact, starting today, I had planned to switch from practical training to actual combat training.

When I conveyed this to everyone, they quickly agreed, possibly because they had become accustomed to monsters during the joint training with the Knight Academy.

Before heading to the training, there was something I had to distribute to everyone.

It was the combat attire that had been enchanted with defensive magic. It wouldn't do to keep wearing school uniforms indefinitely, after all.
!
You've reached our limit of messages per hour. Please try again later.

After changing into the new attire, everyone seemed to have their spirits lifted by the new clothing.

The boys wore longer coats with trousers and boots, all in black.

The girls had the same design with shorter coats and paired them with culottes, knee-high socks, and long boots. They chose a deep blue color.

I had considered red, but my father had dismissed it because red would make them stand out on the battlefield.

The design received general approval, and the girls complimented each other on their appearances.

Seeing this, Mai-chan couldn't help but express her envy.

"Everyone looks so cool! I want one too..."

I didn't know about Mai-chan when I placed the order...

"I see, Mai-chan, would you like one too?"

"Really!? Shin-nii-chan!"

"Yeah, what kind would you like? The same as everyone else's?"

"Everyone's looks cool, but... I'd like something cute!"

I see, a cute magical outfit, huh? Maybe I should get enthusiastic and design one for her.

"Shin, don't spoil her too much."

"It's fine, just this much."

"Ha, you're going to be overly indulgent when you have children, aren't you..."

"Yeah... I might..."

I couldn't deny what Oug said. I might truly end up spoiling them.

"Shin, you're so doting..."

Shisilly was wiggling and seemed to be lost in some imagination.

"Well, that's for later. I'll open a gate near my old house, so Mai-chan and Ellie will stay home today."

"We don't want to get in the way of your monster subjugation. Understood!"

"Take care and have a safe trip!"

With these farewells, I headed not to the usual wilderness, but closer to the house where I used to live with Grandpa.

Around here, there seemed to be more monsters that had come in from the old empire. There were more of them than before.

"Well, I think we can handle large monsters, so this time, let's go for a disaster-class one."

"You're saying something quite extraordinary so casually..."

"Is that so? We should be able to defeat a large bear-like monster with just magic."

"I defeated it with just magic!"

"Ah, the Alice rampaging incident..."

"Hey! Stop saying it like I'm some kind of wild beast, like Rin!"

"Alice, that's rude."

"But, when you say 'rampaging,' it reminds me of Rin..."
!
You've reached our limit of messages per hour. Please try again later.
!
You've reached our limit of messages per hour. Please try again later.
!
You've reached our limit of messages per hour. Please try again later.
!
You've reached our limit of messages per hour. Please try again later.