 with concepts
for a retro-style arcade game

"Yo! Ha! Well, this is quite challenging!"

"Hmph! Haah! Not leaving any damage on the materials is such a hassle!"

Zeke-niichan and Chris-neechan, who were supposed to be here as chaperones, decided to join the monster subjugation because they said they were bored just watching.

Since everyone here is a magic user, Chris-neechan, who belongs to the Knight Order, is taking care of subduing the monsters that we missed.

But more importantly...

"Zeke-niichan, can you use magic without incantation?"

"Oh!? Well! It's that Merlin-style training method, you know! I've been practicing that for a while, and it increased my control over mana... Yes! And then, I became able to use magic without incantation!"

"Wow, really?"

"But hey! You can just chat normally while casting magic left and right like that!"

"Isn't it because I got used to it?"

"No way!"

Somehow, Zeke-niichan had become able to use magic without incantation without me even noticing.

His control over mana was on a completely different level than before.

Just by diligently practicing mana control and increasing the amount of mana you can control, you can do all this...

"Everyone should give it a try."

"In our Mage Division, most people are already doing it!"

"Is that so? That's great!"

"Everyone was complaining at first, but when we said it's a training method Merlin-sama and Shin are using, they all started practicing seriously!"

Grandpa's name is truly great.

They said that mana control practice is the most boring and uninteresting practice among all magical practices, but I've never once thought that because I find controlling mana alone immensely enjoyable.

I still do it every day.

"Take this! Alright! Right now!"

"Oh!? Chris-neechan, what was that just now?"

She shot the blade of her Exchange Sword toward the monster, it pierced the monster, and in the meantime, she swapped the blade to target the next monster.

"When I swap the blade, I set the spring for shooting at its most powerful! There's an opening when I swap the blade, so if I can shoot the blade, I better make the most of it, right?"

Oh, I didn't know you could use the exchange function like that.

"Absolutely useless, I went to collect the prey that Shin had hunted."

That's right. However, I didn't notice the two of them making a face because it was convenient for them to collect the shot-down birds.

Did they mind it...?

"Well, I'm not saying you have to go this far. But in the future, if we can shoot precise magic, it might be useful in situations like taking hostages."

"Such situations are also possible..."

I think everyone's motivation went up after seeing the demonstration of precise magic shots.

However, everyone is completely exhausted today, so I'll have to hope for the next time.

Afterward, we divided the pile of subjugated monsters among everyone and prepared to leave.

"Well, everyone, let's head back. Sisily."

"Yes?"

"Get on my back."

"Huh? I-It's okay!"

"Out of everyone here, Sisily is the most exhausted. I'm the one who made her like this, so it's not a big deal."

"But, but..."

"If you don't listen, I'll carry you like a princess."

"I'll get on your back!"

Geez, I was thinking it would be fine to carry her like a princess. Maybe it's too embarrassing?

I run while being careful not to burden Sisily who is riding on my back.

"Sisily, I'm sorry for today."

"What's the matter, Shin?"

"No... I was strict only with Sisily today..."

"Huh? Oh, if that's the case, I don't mind at all. Actually, I was lucky to have lots of practice with Shin's support."

I think Sisily is speaking from the heart. But it was me who created the situation that made it necessary.

"Sisily is also practicing healing magic, so she has less practice time for attack magic than everyone else... I just wanted her to become stronger even a little in this kind of opportunity."

"I volunteered for that, you know?"

"Even so. Sisily, if I didn't give you more practice time for attack magic and something happened... that's what I'm most afraid of."

"Shin..."

So, Sisily, who is more exhausted than everyone else and has to be carried back by me, is my responsibility. It's all because of my selfishness.

Favoritism or special treatment, even if people say that, I... care about Sisily.

"Shin... thank you."

"Sisily?"

Sisily hugged me tightly.

"When things like this happen, I can tell that I'm important to Shin, that I'm... loved."

It seems like she got her feelings across. I'm glad.

"The training was tough, but... because Shin is doing this for my sake, I'll do my best. Please take care of me next time too, okay?"

"If it's too much, you can tell me it's too much."

"I won't say something like that! Because..."

Sisily cut her words there and whispered into my ear.

"Because I want Shin, whom I love so much, to praise me..."

... My face and body feel so hot!

Feeling Sisily clinging tightly to my back and hearing such words whispered in my ear...

"You guys... do you have to be so lovey-dovey even at a time like this?"

"You're the model of a silly couple."

"Both of you turned so red! What were you talking about!?"

I can feel myself blushing so much that I might steam up.

And when I do, it's natural that those around me notice too.

"Haah... my little brother is in the prime of his youth... Maybe I should toughen up too..."

"Where's my partner?"

"...Probably not there."

"I'll kill you!"

"As long as you keep saying that, you won't have any prospects for a wife..."

"Y-You have to make a move, or your rhythm will be disrupted, won't it?"

I'll leave them be.

Actually, those two have been together for a long time, they get along quite well, and I think they're a good match... but I'll keep that to myself. It's bound to start a huge fight.

In the end, with everyone teasing us and Sisily unable to raise her face due to embarrassment, we returned to the meeting point. Chris-neechan and the single ladies were on the verge of getting mad while Claude wasn't there.

"Oh, you're back... Hey! What happened to Claude!?"

"Well, sensei, listen to this!"

Alice enthusiastically explained the situation that had led to this moment.

"Looks like it's the result of being affectionate anywhere... well, with Zeke and Chris in Wolfford, there's nothing to worry about."

"Huh, unexpectedly high praise, Senpai."

"Your personality aside, I do acknowledge your abilities. Not to mention Chris, of course."

"Thank you, Marcus. If I weren't married, I might propose."

"W-What are you saying!? Have you lost your mind?"

"Oh, he's just craving love because he's been targeted by Shin."

"...Yeah, those two... sometimes when I see their lovey-dovey behavior, I feel an inexplicable yearning to meet my wife."

"Senpai too?"

"Does 'too' mean you too? So, who do you want to meet?"

"Well, someone..."

"That's the part that doesn't fit... with the Mage Division..."

I overheard a conversation between Professor Alfred and Zeke-niichan. I wonder if the reason Alfred-sensei left the Mage Division was that he couldn't become a ladies' man...

Professor Alfred seems serious. I should ask him about it when I have the chance.

"So, how did it go?"

The gloomy faces responded to the professor's question.

"What's wrong? Did something go wrong?"

Seeing everyone's spirits down, the professor, who was aware that this group was gradually becoming unconventional, started to panic.

"Well, you see, Sensei!"

"Take a look at this."

Everyone took out the monsters they had collected from their extradimensional storage.

The number was... like a small mountain.

"At first, we had enough time for preparation, so we managed to subdue them relatively cleanly..."

"But then Shin wouldn't let us take any more time for preparation!"

"After that, we pretty much messed it up."

Everyone said that they couldn't achieve their initial goal of collecting them cleanly.

Professor Alfred stared in shock at the mountain of monsters.

The people around him also started making noise.

But everyone seemed unaware of it.

Is it possible that my perception is becoming misaligned with the group's?

... Is it my fault? I used to be like this at first...

"You hunted this much and still aren't satisfied?"

"Our original goal was to subdue the monsters without damaging the materials. Quantity doesn't matter."

"But still... this quantity..."

Come to think of it, I hardly hunted monsters after graduating from the academy. I was told that at our age, we wouldn't be hunting monsters. So if we hunted this much... it would be surprising.

"Just so you know, Shin. In the military, it's not common to hunt this many monsters."

"Given that hunting this many monsters is abnormal in itself. Be aware of that."

Both of them contributed to creating that small mountain, right?

"You're going on separate paths for the joint training with the Knight Academy."

"Huh? It's not a request from us, but an order?"

"Do you think that those who can hunt this many monsters would team up with the Knight Academy students who are just starting to get used to monster hunting?"

This time we asked for it, but it became an order for the next time. That's fine. If it's official, there shouldn't be any complaints.

And so, the first day of monster subjugation training that utilized materials came to an end.

In the end, Sisily couldn't bring herself to leave my back even when we returned to the meeting place.

"I'm back."

"Oh, you're back, Hayden. Can you report right away on how Wolfford's group performed?"

Having completed her supervision of Shin and his group, Christina returned to the Knight Order's base and headed straight to the office of the Knight Order's commander.

Dominic served as both the Military Affairs Director and the Knight Order Commander, so this was both the Military Affairs Director's office and the Knight Order Commander's office.

As per Dominic's words, Christina's purpose was to oversee Shin's group, and also to personally assess their abilities.

"A report... well, how should I explain..."

"What's wrong? Is it something difficult to explain?"

Not so much difficult to explain, but rather... whether I can be believed or not...

"What happened?"

Steel yourself, Christina thought, and reported what she had witnessed with her own eyes.

"A small mountain of subjugated monsters?"

"Yes, and we made sure not to damage the materials. If we subjugate the monsters without worrying about the materials... we can eliminate all the monsters that keep increasing."

"If we were to incorporate the Ultimate Magicians into our forces, where do you think they should be placed?"

"Each of them can stand as an individual force... so wouldn't it be better to group a few of them and count them as an independent force?"

There was a reason Dominic had asked whether they were suitable as forces.

After the Tri-Nation Conference, it is necessary to propose where and what kind of forces to deploy in order to join the World Union.

Even though it has been explicitly stated that the Ultimate Magicians will not be considered Arlsheid's unique forces, they are citizens of the Arlsheid Kingdom, live in Arlsheid, and also attend the academy.

Therefore, it can be said that it is Arlsheid's obligation to understand the strength of Shin's group.

With the confirmation of their strength, the dilemma arises as to where each of them should be placed in the deployment of forces for various nations.

The worries are only increasing.

"Moreover, it seems that the Arlsheid Magician Corps has significantly improved their capabilities through the Merlin-style training method. If we're not careful, Arlsheid might end up with us being the biggest burden."

Upon hearing Christina's words, Dominic made a face like he had bitten a bitter bug.

While he had entered military service and crossed many joint operations with magicians, it seems that he still does not find it amusing to lag behind magicians fundamentally.

"...Can I bear losing to a group like that?"

Dominic's dissatisfaction doesn't seem to be because he's losing to magicians.

"What will you do? Shall we consider having Wolfford make a Vibrating Sword to remind ourselves of our shame?"

"It might be wiser to stop that."

"Why?"

"Well, it's not a hidden technique, it's just that only Shin knows how to grant it. However..."

"Then what's the problem?"

"...Actually, I also have a knife-type item that I received from Shin."

"Is that so!?"

Christina's expression was gloomy, despite Dominic's delight.

"Commander, do you have anything hard and sharp in this room? For example, training wooden swords?"

"In that case, wait a moment. Ah, here it is."

From his own locker, he found a training wooden sword.

"It got a crack in it during training, and I was going to throw it away but left it as it is."

Saying that, he handed the wooden sword to Christina.

"Please watch."

Saying that, she took out a knife from her pocket.

"What's that?"

"Yes, the Vibrating Sword... In this case, it's more like a Vibrating Knife."

She infused the knife she took out with magic. While Christina couldn't use magic, activating magical tools was something that anyone in this world could do.

"Here I go."

With that, she pressed the blade of the knife against the wooden sword.

"Whoa!"

The tough training wooden sword was being cut as if it were butter.

She moved the blade back and forth from right to left and left to right. Each time, the wooden sword turned into fine splinters.

"I haven't applied any strength at all. Yet, it's so sharp. It's certainly amazing, but..."

"...Relying on this means that our techniques become meaningless."

"Yes, if we use this weapon, there's no need for us to be in the Knight Order."

"...Are we really going to be the biggest burden?"

"That won't be the case. Take a look at this."

"Shoes? What about them?"

"These are Jet Boots, which are being sold at Wolfford Trading Company, which recently opened."

Christina had also purchased Jet Boots in addition to a toilet with cleaning function and a refrigerator.

To be honest, when she first saw Shin create them, she thought they were unnecessary. However, in actual combat, mastering these boots proves to be very useful."

"Come to think of it... Shin and Strom used these when they fought. Not only on the ground, but they expanded their range of movement in the air as well."

"That's right. Furthermore, they also enhance your charging power. I'm thinking we should incorporate these into the Knight Order to strengthen our forces."

"Alright, let's place an order with Wolfford Trading Company. From now on, we'll have special training using Jet Boots! Hayden, I'm counting on you for guidance."

"Yes, sir!"

And so, the introduction of Jet Boots as the standard equipment for the Arlsheid Knight Order was decided.

"Ruper, I won't let you call us a burden with this!"

The Knight Order's commander, driven by a competitive spirit against Ruper Orgland, who was the head of the Magic Division.

And as for Ruper, the head of the Magic Division, who was the target of his competitive spirit...

"Oh, you're back, Zeke. So, how was Wolfford's group's training?"

Ruper Orgland, the head of the Magic Division, greeted Zeke Fried as he returned.

"It's nothing special, really. They've become an even more unconventional group..."

In response to Ruper's question, Zeke described the unbelievable scenes he had witnessed earlier, which defied common sense.

"...I only know about the situation where Wolfford was fighting. What about the other kids? Are they all like that?"

"Well, it's not too far off. They fire off non-incantation spells one after another, and even if they manage to subdue the monsters, they get frustrated if they can't defeat them cleanly. Despite hunting so many monsters, they're hardly tired at all..."

They had conducted monster subjugation several times. Despite subduing all of them, everyone except Shishiry had seemed only slightly fatigued, which was hard to believe.

"That much...? How many are we talking about?"

"Hard to say... I haven't counted precisely. But I think it was over two hundred."

Zeke stopped counting because he also participated in the subjugations partway through.

In any case, there were many, according to Zeke's assessment.

"...15 or 16 years old kids?"

"Yes, high-level magic academy freshmen. But well, in terms of strength... it's not much different from Shin when he was around ten, you know?"

"How high is Wolfford's level...?"

Those who engaged in such unconventional actions had roughly the same level of power as Shin when he was ten years old. If Shin, who was as unconventional as them at ten, had reached a certain level of power, just how skilled had he become now?

Ruper was curious about that.

"Actually, we don't really know. Merlin says that Shin far surpasses him, but isn't he one of the best in all of human history?"

"...It's amazing how he was born in this world at just the right time... I wonder what would have happened to this world if Wolfford hadn't been here..."

"That's true. It feels like we're in a scenario written by a real god."

"...Don't say that in front of the Messiah of the Creation Faith."

"Of course not."

Around the same time that Shin Wolfford, an exceptional individual, appeared, history's first sentient magical being, Oliver Strom, also emerged.

This occurrence, which seemed far too coincidental, made many people feel as though it was a scenario created by a god. Some even speculated that it might be a divine messenger.

"If things continue like this, Wolfford will take everything. We can't afford to lose."

"You're right."

"Alright! Once we've decided, it's time for training! Zeke, you're coming with me!"

"Huh? Well, I've done quite a bit of training today already..."

"We can't catch up to Wolfford by doing ordinary things! Come on, let's go!"

"Wait a second!"

Ruper grabbed Zeke by the collar and dragged him along.

He didn't pay much attention to the Knight Order at all.