nd a dish
to impress a date who's a picky eater

"Today, we are not participating in the joint training with the Knight Academy and are going to engage in monster subjugation on our own.

I thought that Sieg and Chris would be coming as our escorts today, but what appeared today was Ruper Orgrann, the head of the Orgrann Magic Corps.

The students of the Magic Academy were bewildered and awestruck by the sudden appearance of the top magician from the Earlsheid Kingdom. It's no surprise, really. We're still just novices, so to speak, like eggs. In front of such seasoned professionals, it's natural to feel intimidated.

Before these novices, the boss of the parent birds has arrived. It's impossible not to be awestruck.

"Hey, Orgrann-san? What happened to Sieg?"

"He is originally the king's bodyguard. He came here specially to escort Walforde-kun during his training."

"Oh, I see."

"He accompanied us in the recent training, but it was decided that having a bodyguard escort wasn't necessary... though he possesses exceptional abilities, he is still a student. It was deemed necessary to have an escort, so I came today."

While we don't need a bodyguard, sending students alone to subdue monsters seems too irresponsible, doesn't it? In any case, are the adults going to accompany us?

"But if you're just accompanying us, Orgrann-san, it didn't have to be you, right?"

"Well, that's true, but I wanted to see you all."

"Is that so? I don't think it's that interesting."

"What are you saying? This group is made up of students who are all likely to receive commendations. Anyone not interested in that is out of their mind."

"Is that so?"

"That's how it is."

Well, it doesn't seem like they're going to restrict our actions, so I guess it's okay.

"Orgrann, you might be under an illusion because I and Shin are here, but among the students here, only I and Shin can talk to you properly. Having the head of the organization mingle with students is quite unconventional, so be aware of that."

"I understand, but..."

Orgrann-san lowered his voice and spoke quietly to Aug.

(Dominic has asked me to assess the combat capabilities of the Ultimate Magicians. It's for planning our operations in the upcoming Federation meeting.)

(I see. I understand, but don't be too intrusive, alright?)

(Understood.)

"What are you talking about?"

"No, it's nothing."

"Yeah, just a little meeting. Well then, shall we get going? I'd like to see your combat skills."

"Yes, sir!"

As expected, everyone is nervous because Orgrann is with us.

As for me, I don't feel too nervous. Orgrann doesn't act like the head of an organization, and he even talks to me casually. In the future, we'll be part of a different organization from the Magic Corps, so I hope this escort mission will help bridge the gap.

While I'm lost in these thoughts, we arrive at the same location as before.

"Heh! Heh! Can't you pick up the pace a bit?"

"Is that so? Well, everyone is using these, aren't they?"

"These?"

I pointed at everyone's feet.

Everyone is wearing jet boots.

"Are these... the ones you use to close the distance with your opponents and change direction in mid-air?"

"That's right. We used them when we fought against Strohm."

"So, if everyone is wearing them... does that mean everyone is going to do close combat?"

That's what you'd normally think, right? But everyone is wearing jet boots for different reasons.

"Volleyball..."

"Huh? Volleyball... you mean the game Wolforde and the others played at Rittenheim Resort?"

"...With that volleyball... everyone started wearing jet boots because they thought it would be interesting to use them."

"...So, they wore them to get used to them..."

"Basically, we're fixed artillery. We don't use them in battle. But some of us, like me and Tony, are good at using jet boots in close combat. To get better at it, we decided to use them for movement."

"Even though we went to the same place the other day, I was wondering why we didn't use the gate. I see... to get used to the jet boots..."

"I'm sorry."

"No... to be honest, I want to ask what you've been doing during training... but considering that it could be useful in actual combat, I can't be mad."

That's actually true.

While they initially started using jet boots for magical volleyball, they can gain an advantage in combat if they master them. In addition to combat, they can move like I saw earlier without expending much energy.

In fact, Orgrann, who came with physical enhancements, was out of breath.

Everyone can use the gate, but they can't use levitation magic, so they'll be useful when they move individually.

"A magical tool for movement... we have a lot of sprouts, so maybe we should consider introducing them..."

"By the way, I heard there was a large order from the Knight Order."

"What? The Knight Order?"

"Yeah, because it increases the charging speed. It's useful for those who use swords in combat."

"...Dominic never said anything about that..."

"But the Knight Order uses horses, right? With jet boots, horses might become unnecessary..."

"In a war against humans, horses can be a significant asset. But when it comes to fighting monsters, not so much."

"Is it easier to fight dismounted?"

"That's the idea. Well, I can't ride a horse for anything other than transportation, so I don't know the details."

Come to think of it, that makes sense. Some monsters are agile, and it's difficult to attack from horseback.

"So, what do we do now? Do we wait for the monsters to come to us, or do we go looking for them?"

"Well, that is..."

Just like yesterday, they gather magical energy and attract the monsters.

Well, shall we begin today's hunt for materials?

"Zeke would be surprised, wouldn't he? What's this?"

We successfully lured the monsters four times and defeated them with the same combination as before.

Perhaps because we were better prepared today, we didn't panic at all, and we collected more materials than the previous day.

"Hmm... I'd say the success rate is still around 40%."

"Tony is doing fine! I'm only at about 20%!"

"That's nothing to brag about."

When Tony says he's at 40% and Alice is at 20%, they're referring to the percentage of clean kills without damaging the materials too much.

Even if it's not that clean, they can still defeat the monsters and collect materials with a higher success rate.

It's quite different from the previous day.

"Is this not enough for you? We can still sell these materials for a good price. There are even some top-quality ones mixed in..."

"Our goal is to hunt everything in top condition. Considering that, this is unacceptable."

"Hunt everything in top condition... What are you talking about? That's..."

"Look at the monsters Shin defeated."

"..."

"Top quality, 100%. Don't show us something like this. We still have a long way to go."

"Yeah, because the target is huge."

"Phew... haah... Shin, you're amazing after all. When you have a clear goal, it really motivates you for training!"

Today, Sicily, who had a four-round battle, says while catching her breath.

Sicily knew in advance that she would participate in all the subjugations today, so she's not as out of breath as she was the other day. However, using magic requires concentration, so if you sustain it for a long time, you'll still get out of breath.

But thanks to that, Sicily's offensive magic has improved slightly in terms of precision and power.

"Your offensive magic has improved a lot. The power is still a bit lacking, but let's keep it up like this."

"Yes!"

When I said I wanted to work harder because her offensive magic had improved, she replied with a smile.

"That girl, the Saint... right? She's good at healing magic and her offensive magic is amazing... What's going on..."

Orgrann has a reason to wonder.

In this world's magic, there are no attributes commonly found in games. If you can imagine it, you can use any kind of magic.

So what is healing magic?

Healing magic is activated by strongly desiring to heal someone who is injured or sick with a heart full of love. In this world, it's a magic with poorly understood activation conditions.

However, healing magic does exist, and there are many patients who have been treated with it.

Probably, strong 'healing imagery' triggers magical responses, leading to the activation of healing magic.

That's why people who are good at healing magic tend to be kind and full of love, so many of them are not good at offensive magic.

However, my healing magic has nothing to do with feelings of love because it's based on an understanding of the structure of the human body.

The same goes for offensive magic. It's not powerful because of my aggressive personality.

Sicily practices healing magic while learning about the structure of the human body... or rather, the structure of living beings.

I sometimes take her along on hunts.

At first, she used to throw up a lot, but she got used to it, and her healing magic skills have improved significantly.

Since I've been told by Aug not to teach my magic to anyone outside the team, Sicily must be quite a mysterious presence to Orgrann.

"Orgrann, for now, I think we should head back for today. Is that okay?"

"Oh, yeah. If you've hunted this much, there's no one to complain. Well... actually, it's not about the number we've hunted but the quality of what's inside..."

"Is that so? We still have a long way to go."

"...Your goals are too high..."

I don't think that's the case.

In reality, I've heard that veteran hunters do the same.

"By the way, Sicily, do you want me to carry you back today?"

"That's very tempting... but I want to learn how to use these boots, so I'll go back on my own today."

"I see, too bad. Sicily, you're so soft I wanted to carry you."

"Huh? Oh! You pervert, Shin!"

Mmm, that's very disappointing.

"Is this the atmosphere after defeating so many monsters...?"

"Don't think too deeply about those two, Orgrann. They're the type who go at it anytime, anywhere."

"They're a true dumb couple."

"The epitome of a dumb couple."

"The King of Dumb Couples!"

I've received quite the title.

Of course, Sicily was writhing in embarrassment behind me.

Lupe Orglann, the Magic Corps Commander of the Earlsheid Kingdom, couldn't believe what he had just witnessed. Boys and girls of an age when they shouldn't even be considering monster subjugation, being students of the High Magic Academy. He could feel his own confidence crumbling as he watched their magic.

He also didn't like giving his opponents an opening by chanting, and he insisted on non-chanting, but their magic was distinctly different from his. They didn't chant at all, yet the magic they released was powerful and precise.

They had a clear goal in this subjugation - to obtain monster materials as top-quality goods.

"Top-quality" meant defeating the monster without causing any damage to its body, by targeting only the head.

Even veteran hunters rarely achieved that, but these children managed it once every few attempts. They might have the same mindset as veteran hunters, but merely aiming for it and actually accomplishing it are two different things.

These children were putting what is commonly called the right attitude into practice.

Among them, Shin Walford's magic is in a different league.

After all, it's a perfect ten. When he uses magic to defeat monsters, he can reliably obtain top-quality materials.

His incredible power with magic tends to catch the eye, but isn't it his precision that stands out? Lupe thought.

After all, any magic is meaningless if it doesn't hit the target.

Shin, who achieves the maximum results with minimal magical power, was not seen by Lupe as a typical human.

"Demon Lord... the king of magicians..."

It's not an exaggeration. He felt that description suited them perfectly.

As a result of their achievements as a group of twelve, they had defeated an unbelievably large number of monsters and were on their way back.

Lupe, who had witnessed this scene, had come to report to Dominique, the Director of Military Affairs.

"Well done, Lupe. So, how did the Magic Corps Commander see them? Where do you think we should deploy them?"

While Christina had provided a report, as a knight with no expertise in magic, she couldn't give Dominique the information he needed for planning the operation.

"All I heard was that those kids are incredible."

With that report alone, Dominique, who couldn't make a decision on the operation, asked the magic professional, Lupe, to conduct an inspection.

In response to Dominique's urgency, Lupe couldn't give an immediate answer. After some thought, he responded regarding their deployment.

"...How about anywhere?"

"What? Lupe, are you saying something so casual, like 'anywhere'?"

"It's not casual. I've seen it with my own eyes and I'm sure. Those kids don't need our support. Rather, I want them to support us."

"Were they really that amazing?"

"They're more than amazing. His Majesty and Her Majesty are not desperate to incorporate them into our unique forces. I understand the meaning of not turning them into a catalyst for war."

Lupe realized the meaning behind the King of the Earlsheid Kingdom, a great nation, not incorporating them and suggesting making them a shared global force.

"That's too much. Those kids alone... no, just Walford alone could easily conquer the world."

"I-Is it really that much?"

"That's why anywhere is fine. No matter where they are placed, they will produce the best results. Those kids will."

As the one responsible for planning the operation, Dominique was struggling with where to deploy their overwhelming forces. However, when Lupe suggested that "anywhere" would do, it only made the decision-making process even more difficult.

"Sigh... The United Council is just around the corner, and yet..."

"Why not send a few of them to each country to support us? Each country's military can handle large monsters, and when it comes to disaster-class or demons, we can ask those kids for help."

"...Is that the best option, after all?"

"I think so."

"Alright, I understand. Thank you, Lupe. You've been helpful. You can go now."

"Sure, I'll take off... Oh, I just remembered! Hey, Dominique! You ordered a massive quantity of those boots from the Walford Trading Company, didn't you?"

"Huh? Oh, did I forget to mention it?"

"You didn't tell me!"

"I see, my mistake. Well, with this, our knight order can level up even further. You guys won't beat the Magic Corps."

Dominique, who was concerned about dragging down the group, confidently stated that they wouldn't let the Magic Corps get the upper hand.

"Hmph, that's too bad! Thanks to accompanying Walford, we've decided to purchase jet boots for our Magic Corps this time!"

Lupe retorted without losing.

In reality, even the Magic Corps Commander couldn't equip items on their own without consulting the appropriate channels. However, in Lupe's mind, the purchase of jet boots had already been established as a decision.

"Hey, that's unfair! You guys have been increasing your strength with the Merlin-style training method, and on top of that, you're buying jet boots!?"

"Hah! Those boots are excellent as a means of transportation. We can't let just you guys use them!"

"...Hmph, a bunch of sprouts, that's what you are."

"...What did you say? You..."

"What? Do you want to fight?"

"Bring it on! Meet me outside!"

On that day, there was a sudden mock battle between the Knight Order Commander and the Magic Corps Commander. It led to a part of the Knight Order's training grounds being destroyed. Both commanders were forced to write reports and settle the matter in front of the operation plan and equipment procurement request documents.