

Thanks for providing the text. Here's the translation to English:

"Thanks to Oug's suggestion, we decided to have a joint birthday celebration for me, Sicily, and Maria at my place.

To inform our housekeeper and make preparations, we all gathered at my house through the gate.

"Welcome back, Shin. You're here earlier than expected."

"What's up with the large entourage?"

"I'm back, Grandpa and Grandma."

When we arrived at the house, Grandpa and Grandma were there to welcome us in the living room.

"Welcome back. By the way, Your Highness, can you do something about the front of our house? Our staff can't even go outside like this."

Saying that, she looked out the window, and I saw the scene I had witnessed earlier.

There was a crowd of people in front of our house, and we couldn't leave through the gate.

The staff usually goes out through the back door, but it seems that there's a large crowd there as well.

"I understand. I'll deal with it immediately."

"Later is fine; I'm counting on you. By the way, why have you all come here in such large numbers?"

After Grandma conveyed her message to Crown Prince Oug, a scene that would seem bizarre to someone unfamiliar, she asked why we had come to the house in a group.

"My birthday is next month, you know."

"Oh, right."

"Sicily has the same birthday as me, and Maria's birthday is close, so we decided to celebrate together."

"Oh, I didn't know that."

Grandma was surprised to learn that Sicily had the same birthday as me.

"And probably Uncle Di and Mr. Michel and Uncle Tom will come, right? So we thought it would be better to do it at our place. It will probably take some time to prepare, so we thought we'd ask."

"We don't mind, but are you sure it's okay to do it at home?"

Grandma, while okay with having a birthday party at their house, asked if Sicily and Maria's families were fine with it.

Since they're nobles, would they be looked down upon if they didn't celebrate their birthdays on their own?

"It's okay. In fact, if we didn't choose the Walpurgis family to celebrate our birthdays, we might be seen as strange."

"Yes, probably, people will envy us."

Here's the translation of the text you provided:

"Because... I've never seen Shin worry about being a member of the royal family!"

"That's right. When I'm with Shin, I almost forget that I'm a royal."

"Augusto-sama. But that's also a problem, isn't it?"

So that's what it is.

It seems that because I, who don't usually worry about being a member of the royal family, said that I should worry about it, they thought I might have a fever...

...That's just cruel.

There's a reason for my attitude towards Uncle Dis and the others.

"No, it's just that we have different starting points."

"Starting points?"

"Yeah. You see, until last year's birthday, I didn't even know Uncle Dis was the king. I seriously thought he was just a relative uncle who occasionally came to visit. Uncle Dis also approached me that way."

I had always thought of Uncle Dis as a relative uncle.

So I could only see Oug and Mei-chan as cousins.

But...

"But you two are different, right? When we first met, you were the crown prince, right, Uncle Dis?"

"So that's it. Don't surprise me like that."

"It's your fault for surprising me, isn't it!?"

"I was worried too. That Shin might get sick..."

Yeah. I'm glad they're worried, but what about their judgment criteria?

I mean, I'm the one who's behaving in a way that makes them think that way.

While I was thinking about that, Grandma started talking about Uncle Dis.

"At first, he was the crown prince of the country where I live, so I treated him accordingly. But as we traveled together, he started calling me 'Master,' and that's how our relationship became what it is today."

"I see. So that's why Uncle Dis calls Grandma 'Merida-sensei.'"

"That's how it is."

Huh? But if that's the case...

"Why doesn't Grandpa call him 'Merlin-sensei' instead of 'Lord Merlin'?"

"I've never been good at teaching people in the past. Merida was the one who did all the teaching for the kids we traveled with."

"Oh, really. But you taught me properly."

When I said that, Grandma sighed.

"This old man here... Back in the day, when I asked for guidance, he told me to 'gather a large amount of magic power, imagine it properly, and release it!'"

"Grandpa..."

"Ho ho... That was just youthful folly..."

Here's the translation of the text you provided:

Grandpa avoids eye contact awkwardly.

"But, still, it was Grandpa who taught Shin, right? That's impressive!"

Sicily is supporting Grandpa.

Grandpa, who received support, is moved.

"Thank you for worrying about me, Sicily. Well, I raised Shin from a baby, so I learned how to teach him step by step."

"I see."

Has he recently learned to teach someone who is somewhat grown up?

But more importantly, he said something that caught my attention.

"'Children'? Wasn't it just Uncle Dis who traveled with you?"

"At first, it was just Diselum who came along. But we picked up a couple more along the way and trained them while traveling together."

"I see."

"Now, let's finish the old stories and decide about the birthday party."

"That's right. As Shin mentioned earlier, we'll use the hall in this house for the event."

"Oh, I don't mind."

"Since it's a joint birthday party for three families, it will be of a reasonable size. So, we need to select the guests to invite."

"I won't invite any guests."

"Huh?"

Oug opposed Grandma's suggestion of selecting guests for the party.

I mean, what are guests?

"Shin, you don't need to worry. Deciding on the guests to invite is something that nobles do. Commoners like us don't need to bother with such things."

"I see. That's a relief."

"If you have to invite guests, then this discussion is over. Is that okay with you?"

Oh, I see. Sicily and Maria are nobles. Is it necessary to invite guests?

"It's fine. I honestly didn't like the idea of many strangers coming."

"But you still have to be hospitable, which can be a hassle."

Sicily and Maria seem to be okay with it, but I wonder how the household feels about it.

"Will it cause problems for Cecil-san and the others? Are you sure it's okay?"

"If Grandma opposes inviting guests, everyone will understand."

"That's right. I don't think anyone will complain."

...I wonder how influential Grandma is...

Here's the translation of the text you provided:

"In that case, let's just invite people who are close to us, and no other guests, okay?"

"Yes, then let's do that."

Oug was easily persuaded.

"However, we don't have many acquaintances. It's just Diselum, Sieg, Chris, and maybe Michel and Tom."

In the end, it's the same group as last year's birthday.

"That's still quite impressive."

"Sicily, you can't expect normal from the Walpurgis family."

Maria is being a bit rude. Just so you know, they originally knew Grandpa and Grandma.

"I'll invite only relatives to my place. We can't afford to be rude with that group."

"We'll do the same."

I feel bad that I'm making Sicily and Maria worry, but apart from the people here, those are pretty much all the acquaintances I have.

Lois, who manages the Walpurgis Company, is Sicily's older brother.

Oh, in that case, I should invite Alice's father, Glen.

"Even so, it's going to be quite a large gathering. Are you sure it's okay? Such an extravagant celebration."

"It should be fine. We've already defeated the biggest threat, the Demon, and the remaining Demons don't seem to have any intention of attacking. We're just culling the increased number of monsters. It's time to start lifting the self-restraint on celebrations. After all, it's something we're doing voluntarily."

"Well, that's good then."

What could it be? Grandma's statement, "Well, that's good," seemed to imply something more than just approval of a grand celebration.

"Grandma, is there something on your mind?"

"Well... no, if I'm just overthinking it, that's fine..."

After hesitating for a moment, Grandma spoke.

"Will the Demon... Shtröm really not come to attack?"

Grandma brought up a fundamental issue.

"The Demon we defeated did say that. Shtröm lost motivation after destroying the Empire."

"Shtröm's goal was to destroy the Empire, and after achieving that, they have no more targets... I see."

Grandma's tone was uncertain.

"So, will they really become docile?"

That's... our collective hope as well.

While the presence of the Demon is concerning, if there's no hostility, we hope for no more disturbances.

Here's the translation of the text you provided:

"Indeed, we don't have any assurance that the Demon won't attack again. However, Shtröm wasn't involved in this recent series of disturbances. That's also a fact."

"That's true, but... I still can't completely trust it."

It seems like there is some doubt.

Could it be related to that incident?

"Grandma, could it be that you have some concerns related to past Demons?"

When I said that, both Grandma and Grandpa had dark expressions.

"Yeah... there might be something we can talk about."

"Right... It might be better for you to know."

Grandpa and Grandma prefaced it that way.

Does that mean...

"Could it be..."

"Yes."

"It's about the past Demons."

They began to talk about the Demons. ideas
about how to plan my New Years resolutions