

Spring arrived, and we advanced to the second year.

Every year, the classes are reorganized, but this year, our S-class was the only one exempted.

This S-class comprises all members of the Ultimate Magic Research Society, the Ultimate Magicians.

The gap in abilities between the S-class and other classes had become too substantial, and so the S-class was excluded from the reorganization.

There seemed to be quite a bit of reshuffling between Classes A to C.

I can't help but feel apologetic that we dashed the possibility of promoting to the S-class. Tony was quite happy about it, though.

He mentioned that if he had dropped from the S-class, he would have had to transfer to the Knight Academy. Well, I doubt anyone will bring that up anymore.

I thought so, but it seems that family commitments are more significant for Tony than I expected. Regardless of the circumstances, he doesn't intend to break the promise.

Despite his seemingly unserious exterior, he's actually quite responsible, especially since he started dating Lilia. He doesn't entertain other girls anymore.

Putting that aside, today is the freshman enrollment ceremony. We are attending it as current students.

The ceremony itself proceeds without any issues, but there's something odd about the new students. They seem a bit fidgety, as if they're glancing around, or perhaps, not listening to the speeches from the guest speakers on the stage.

Well, the reason is quite clear. It's widely known that the Ultimate Magicians are exclusively composed of students from the Advanced Magic Academy.

Perhaps they're trying to catch a glimpse of us. Current students are used to it, but it's the first time for the newcomers.

They'll probably get used to it eventually.

Despite being warned by the teachers multiple times, the ceremony proceeded and concluded.

"Ugh... these ceremonies are so tiring..."

"It's amazing, Shin. I couldn't focus on the ceremony because of all the new students' stares."

As I struggled with sleepiness that kept attacking during the ceremony and lost a few times, I walked towards the classroom, stretching my body, and was greeted by a somewhat amazed and impressed voice from Sicily.

"This guy draws attention wherever he goes. He must have gotten used to such gazes."

"Indeed, Shin! You have a thick skin!"

When Aug analyzed the situation calmly, he realized that Alice had said something impolite.

"Well, besides Shin being thick-skinned, you guys should be careful from now on."

Aug intended to say a word of complaint to Alice, but Aug began speaking first.

"Be careful? Why?"

"Until the previous semester, it was unclear how to interact with us since we were suddenly made famous, having been ordinary students at the Magic Academy. So, there wasn't much excessive contact with us."

"That's true."

"However, the new students are different. The number of applicants to the Advanced Magic Academy reached an all-time high this year. Especially in this age group, the population isn't significantly higher."

Maria, appearing unaware of what they needed to be careful about, asked, and Aug began to explain his previous statement.

"It's clear they're here for us. We don't know what kind of approach they'll make. They might come and ask to join the Ultimate Magic Research Society or the Ultimate Magicians. They might even challenge us without knowing the difference in abilities."

"Oh, I see."

"Corner, you especially need to be careful."

"Why me?"

"If someone challenges you to a duel, you'd probably happily accept."

"I wouldn't do that!"

Certainly, Alice is a concern. There have been cases like the magical girl incident.

While thinking this, as they laughed together:

"Why are you laughing, Shin? I'm most worried about you."

"Huh? Me?"

"In your case, you should be worried about being surrounded by women more than about dueling."

"But, everyone knows I'm engaged to Sicily, right?"

We even had a grand engagement party.

"So what? Throughout history, there have been plenty of powerful men who have been surrounded by women while having wives."

"Powerful men..."

As the representative of the Ultimate Magicians and the owner of the Walford Company, he is certainly powerful.

"Ultimate Magicians are isolated from the rest of the world. The Magic Academy might be the only place they can make contact with you. They're probably quite determined."

"What a troublesome determination..."

"Which is why, Claude, you must stick with him. This is an order."

"Yes! I won't leave his side!"

With that, she clung to my arm.

Uh, well, everyone is still around...

"It's a bit early, but... that's fine. Stick together around the clock."

"Understood!"

That guy, Aug, is definitely enjoying this.

However, I didn't even consider shaking off that soft sensation in my arms.

"With this lovey-dovey act, no one will stand a chance. They should just die..."

Maria muttered something that sounded like resentment.

...Why can't Maria get a boyfriend? It seems her existence is being acknowledged in the Hunter Association lately. It's good for a girl hunter to be admired since they are rare.

"Ha ha... it's just that, you see, it seems like that guy from the association tried to mess with Miranda-san and got beat up... and now there's an unwritten rule that you can't mess with those two."

I heard about Maria's situation from Tony, who has been going to the Hunter Association a lot lately.

It's... kind of her own fault, isn't it? She says she wants a boyfriend, but then she beats up anyone who tries to pick her up.

"Hey... Maria, do you dislike being approached by guys?"

"It depends on how they approach me. But for some reason, most of the guys who approach me are jerks."

Maria sighed and looked troubled.

Even when she first met, it seems she had to deal with aggressive approaches. Is there something about her that attracts these kinds of guys?

"They're total creeps!"

"Don't be so rude, Alice!"

I shouldn't laugh. I want to agree with Alice, but I shouldn't laugh. If I don't, her anger might be directed at me.

With Alice and Maria leading the way in their little chase, we moved to the classroom.

This semester, we're in the second-year S class. The facilities are the same, though.

"For now, it's good that there was no commotion today."

"Absolutely. This time last year, we were already caught up in some commotion."

"Ugh... I'm sorry..."

When we reached the classroom and Thor sighed in relief, Aug remembered the events from last year.

The cause of that was Sicily, who is currently looking apologetic.

"It's not Sicily's fault."

"No, I'm undoubtedly the cause."

"Don't worry so much. In fact, you became close to Sicily because of that incident."

"Shin..."

"But I never thought that the incident would escalate this much."

About this time last year, the Kurt rampage incident occurred.

Afterward, Kurt was turned into an experimental subject by Strom and underwent demonic transformation. Strom also created numerous demons, and they went on a rampage, causing a global crisis.

The turmoil from that incident is finally coming to an end, and a year has passed since then.

"Hmm?"

"What's wrong, Shin?"

"Well... it's like I'm forgetting something important..."

What could it be?

Something's bothering me right now.

"Forgetting? What are you talking about?"

"Hmm... I don't know. It's right on the tip of my tongue..."

What could it be? It's really bothering me.

"It's pretty concerning, but if you can't remember, there's nothing we can do. Just let us know as soon as you do remember. We'd like to conclude things with full preparations."

"Which means..."

"Yeah. The declaration of the mission's conclusion will be made soon."

"Oh, really? It's finally ending?"

Wow. It seems the mission is nearing its end.

Maria latched onto this information.

"The surveillance network will be complete soon. Ultimately, the mission will conclude with a declaration from Pope Ekaterina."

"It's been a long time, hasn't it? Over half a year."

"That's because the world cooperated. If we had carried out this mission only in our country, it would have taken several years."

"Several years? Please spare us!"

Tony muttered that he's finally seeing the end of it, and Alice looked quite unhappy when she heard that the mission would have taken several years if it had been carried out only in Airstride.

Well, who wouldn't want this tension to end after several years?

"I see, it's finally time."

"Well, even though Strom and the demons are gone, we can't let our guard down. That's why we have this surveillance network. If something happens, it's our turn to step in."

Even so, it's better to be concerned about where the demons will attack rather than to continue living in a state of constant tension.

So, will we finally have a peaceful daily life?

"Well, once we have peace, new problems will arise."

"New problems?"

"You forgot already? I'm talking about keeping an eye on your surroundings."

"Oh, that... Well..."

Well... it's a different kind of problem, I guess.

Starting from the day after the entrance ceremony...

"Yay! Lord Shin!"

"Oh, Your Highness... It's a rare honor to see your noble face up close."

"Senpai Alice, so cute!"

"Sis Sicily noticed us!"

It feels just like becoming an idol. While they don't directly approach us, as we pass by or they spot us from afar, they call out like this. It's a mix of feeling happy and embarrassed.

What's more surprising is that female students seem to be giving Sicily quite a lot of heated looks. I expected guys to be more forward...

But wait, they aren't interested in her romantically, right? Right?

What's up with this 'big sister' vibe...

In my previous life, I admired celebrities and such, but now that I'm in a similar position, it's incredibly tiring. It feels like every little thing I do is being watched.

Sigh... I wish I could use optical camouflage at the academy to hide...

"What's with you, Maria? You're already used to this kind of attention."

"When you're this much in the spotlight, it's hard not to think that way, right? Oh, but I wonder if our uniforms have optical camouflage...?"

Maria, who used to be scared of having her uniform enchanted, is now completely accustomed to it. We weren't this much of a spectacle until the new students arrived. It feels like something I've seen in manga, but on the other side. I casually watched it in the past, but being on the receiving end is tiring.

On one of those new and tiring school days, something happened.

On that day, all the Ultimate Magicians had gathered at my house. Oug called me using a radio communicator.

I was wondering what it was all about when Oug excitedly announced,

"Shin. The date for the mission's conclusion has been set."

"Oh, really! Does that mean the surveillance network is complete!?"

"Yeah. It happened yesterday. We received a transmission through the communicator. With the surveillance network complete, the situation will conclude with the declaration of Pope Ekaterina."

The moment we heard this announcement, everyone cheered.

"Yay! We did it!"

"Yeah!"

Alice and Lin high-fived each other.

Everyone else seemed delighted as well.

"We participated only in the early stages, but it's a relief to see the mission we joined come to a safe conclusion."

"Yeah, come to think of it, our participation was limited to the first few weeks."

"But remember, during that time, we accomplished massive demon exterminations. You should be proud of it."

Maria and Tony seem to be concerned about the short duration of their involvement, but I think we should be proud of what we accomplished during that time.

As we were happily celebrating this rare good news, a wireless communicator's incoming call alert rang.

"Hmm? Is it for me?"

Oug noticed that his wireless communicator was ringing and took it out. Everyone was present, including Grandpa and Grandma. So, the only one who could be calling was Uncle Dis.

I wonder what's going on?

"Yes, this is August."

Perhaps because Oug knew that it was Uncle Dis on the other end, he responded politely.

"Yes, we're at Shin's house... Yes? What? Huh!? Is that so!?"

At first, Oug was calmly responding, but then he suddenly raised his voice.

What's going on? Is it an emergency?

Everyone felt tense due to Oug's unusual agitation.

"Yes, understood. Hey, Shin!"

"What's up?"

"His Excellency, your father, wants to speak with you."

Uncle Dis wants to talk to me?

"It's Shin. Uncle Dis, what's going on?"

"Oh, Shin-kun! Is Merlin with you?"

"Yes, he's here."

"Perfect, go to Lord Merlin and Lady Is's location!"

"Ekaterina's place? Why?"

"It's an emergency! Just now, we received an urgent message from Is."

"An urgent message?"

I have a bad feeling about this.

"Carce... Carce was stabbed!"

The situation that was expected to end soon has taken an unexpected and alarming turn.