102 The Next Plan

Eli decided to put the matter of the ruins aside for now. After all, the scope was a little too big, and if he were to search for it himself, it might take a little longer.

Of course, he didn’t intend to search for it himself. After all, even seviro Mesa, who had spent more than 20 years alone, had only searched four to five countries around it and found nothing. However, this time, it was an even larger area with dozens of countries.

Of course, Eli had the time, but he wasn’t that free.

Since he had gained control of the Empire through Anna, why did he have to search for it himself? In fact, this was also an idea that Saleen metatrin had given him. Otherwise, Eli’s eyes would not have lit up when he realized the princess was recruiting a teacher back then.

!!

Eli’s strength was enough for him to ensure his own safety in the Kingdom, but he would leave the search to the people from the Bryne Kingdom.

It might take a long time too, but at least it would be much faster than Eli himself.

Eli prepared to settle down in Junlin once again.

The purpose of his permanent residence was to study the experiences he had over the past decade, the things he wanted to learn, and the things left behind by Saleen metatrin. This might be even more important in the long run.

He also needed to prepare for the advancement to an official Mage.

After he broke through to an official Mage, whether he would go to the real Mage’s world or stay here was another matter. He would think about it when the time came.

…

Three months later.

A small Manor outside Junlin city was renamed Leighton Manor, which attracted the attention of many people.

Because this Manor was not simple. Although it was not big, it belonged to the royal family. There was a small forest near the manor, and every year the royal family would gather some nobles to hunt there.

However, this year, not only did the manor change its name, but it would no longer take on the responsibility of hunting. Instead, it was given to a scholar named Eli by the Queen. This made many curious about Eli’s background.

But after investigation, Eli’s background was unbelievably simple. The only thing that made them suspicious was that he might have been Queen Anna’s teacher, which made many nobles sigh at the Queen’s emotional attachment. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

…

“After testing, this should be the place with the highest concentration of elements in the vicinity.”

In Leighton Manor, Eli looked at the large Manor in front of him and smiled.

This time, not only did he need to cultivate plants and some magical beasts, but he also needed to conduct bloodline experiments. In that case, he could naturally abandon the original house. Moreover, the valley was a little far, so he wanted to move to a location closer to the valley.

After some observation, this place should be the place with the highest concentration of elements, so he asked Anna to give him this Manor.

The first half of his plan was to rear some magic beasts for the convenience of bloodline experiments. The second half was to plant magic plants and build his own laboratory where he would complete his plans.

As for the staff here, he was prepared to use slaves with soul imprints for the experiments that really involved magic. This way, he could ensure that his matters would not be leaked.

His return to Jun Lin was a direct change for Eli.

The increase in his strength had made him fearless. Moreover, he had control over the Queen of the bane Empire. It would be a joke if he were still living the life he had in the past. Now that he had developed well, it was naturally time to reap the fruits of his labor.

As for the ruins, Anna had arranged for many people to search for them. As for when they would be found, that was another matter.

“After traveling for twelve years, it’s time to settle down again!” Eli pursed her lips and returned to the house.

…

A month later.

At the back of the manor.

A cool breeze blew past, and Eli walked out from behind the tree, his gaze looking toward the magic herb field in front of him.

In the five to six mu area in front of him, Eli had already planted all kinds of magical plants. Some of them could be found by the kingdom while others could only be found during his long journey.

These were things that were convenient for Eli to study and grow, and the most important of them was a small area at the southernmost part of the magic plant field. There were blood bamboo flowers planted there, which were the precious plants that Eli had found at Yise.

“It’s really a strange plant!” Eli walked to the area.

In an area of a few square meters, there were three strange plants. They were arranged like sections of bamboo, but they were much smaller than bamboo. They were all blood-red in color. What was even more strange was that at the top of the bamboo, there was a white flower with seven or eight translucent tentacles swaying in the stamen.

This was the blood bamboo flower, the greatest reward that Eli had obtained during his journey.

Don’t look down on this plant. Eli saw it drain all the life force of a Buffalo in just a few seconds. It was a blood-sucking demon.

What was more interesting was that after absorbing the blood, their energy level would also increase slightly, and there were faint fluctuations of spiritual power.

Eli saw the potential it had.

At this moment, the three plants seemed to be hungry. Their tentacles were swaying, and the flowers were emitting an alluring smell, attracting nearby creatures.

Eli ignored this and just watched the fragrance spread.

Soon, a rat ran out of the forest in the distance and came to the vicinity of the blood bamboo flower. In an instant, a few tentacles shot out and pierced through the rat. The rat did not even have time to react before it died.

The tentacle that entered the rat’s body did not stay idle. It instantly turned red, and the bright red blood flowed along the tentacle to the petals. The petals also turned red.

“It’s almost time!” Eli took a look and immediately plucked the flower. At this moment, there was concentrated spiritual energy in the petals, which was exactly what Eli needed.

With the flower in hand, Eli quickly returned to the laboratory and began a new round of experiments.

…

Time always flew by in an experiment.

Three years later.

In the laboratory.

Eli carefully dripped a drop of blood-red Medicine onto a piece of cultivated human tissue cell.

It only lasted for a moment.

The cells in the human body began to shrivel and lose a large amount of life force. At the same time, they began to rupture. However, as the cells ruptured, traces of spiritual power also appeared.

“I failed.” Eli frowned. He had already forgotten how many times his experiments had failed. However, he was very close to success this time.

After all, it was just a small problem of cell rupture. He believed that as long as this was resolved, the new potion should not be a problem. Furthermore, what Eli was curious about was the biological theory behind the plant. This was also his research subject, but it was just starting.

“yes, it’s almost done. This plant is indeed worth digging into. And the blood of magical beasts. Maybe I should try a new experiment.”

Putting down the potion, Eli stretched his body.

Potions were only one of his many experiments, and there was progress in other experiments.

“We’ll take it slow.” After stretching his body, Eli continued his experiment.

The stuff left behind by Saleen metatrin would rapidly improve his knowledge and skills. He could not bear to waste a single second, nor was he in the mood to care about other things.

Regardless of the ups and downs of the outside world, he just stayed in his laboratory. He would let Anna deal with everything outside.