105 Research on Bloodlines

Khorium 2 was of revolutionary significance to Eli.

This was because this type of medicine was completely different from ordinary medicine to a certain extent. For example, khorium No. 1 stimulated the regeneration of cells to squeeze out mental force, while khorium No. 2 transformed life force into mental force.

Therefore, to a certain extent, this potion would not build resistance. It just depended on how much the potion user could sacrifice their life force.

For Eli, at least until the first circle, this potion was enough for him. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Therefore, in the following days.

Eli took a bottle of potion at regular intervals.

However, he did not neglect his research on bloodlines and blood bamboo flowers.

…

Another three months passed.

This time, Eli’s last friend in the Empire, Roland also left.

Eli also attended the funeral, but this time, he was much calmer than before. He only told Roland’s descendants that if they needed any help, they could look for him.

Meanwhile, Eli was also considering whether he should change his identity, but after some thought, he gave up, mainly because there was really no need for that at the moment.

In any case, there were a few in their eighties or nineties in this world. Besides, changing identities was cumbersome and meaningless. After all, those who knew Eli were basically all dead.

There were no longer any friends he had made in his youth.

Eli was suddenly glad that he didn’t get to know anyone new after his youth. Otherwise, it would more or less make him uncomfortable to watch waves of people die.

Therefore, it was not necessarily a bad thing to have less social contact.

…

Eli didn’t care about the outside world.

In year 361 of the bryne calendar, which was the year after he created khorium II, another major event happened.

The Queen of Lorraine, Queen Cynthia, had passed away at the age of 90.

The Lorraine Kingdom was in turmoil, and the surrounding countries were also restless.

Queen Cynthia’s life was glorious. She had led the backward Lorraine Empire to develop business and military. In the end, even Bryne had to admit that this was a country that was almost on par with the Empire.

The Queen had left a deep impression on him.

Be it her unique love for perfume or the fanatical belief of her people, these were things that Eli had never seen in Bryne. That kind of belief could only be possessed by the Queen, who had led the country to greatness. At the very least, Bryne the sixth and the seventh were not such leaders.

However, the Queen’s death had an even more terrifying effect on Bryne.

Ever since the diplomatic relations between the two countries 30 to 40 years ago, the two countries were always been on the same side. It was also because of the existence of the Lorraine Kingdom that although the Bryne Empire had always been weak, there had never been a war.

However, with the new king of Lorraine taking office, no one knew what would happen.

If anything were to go wrong, it would be difficult for Bryne.

Although Anna’s ability was not weak and she managed the country well, she still needed time. It had only been a few years. How could she recover from the decline brought by Bryne the seventh so quickly? That was impossible.

As for Bryne the seventh, he had been hiding in a manor all this time. Perhaps he had also realized what a terrible king he was.

Everyone was waiting for the bad news.

On the other hand, when Eli heard about this, he thought about it for a moment and continued his experiment.

If something serious happened, Anna would tell him.

…

Three months later.

There was new progress in Eli’s bloodline experiment.

In the laboratory.

Eli looked at the man in front of him. He still had the appearance of a human, but his nails were sharp bone claws, and his eyes seemed to be a little red. His body size had also increased by a third compared to before.

At this moment, this man, who had integrated the blood of the wind Wolf, was tied to a stand. He was shaking his body wildly as if he wanted to see if he could break free from the rope.

Eli didn’t stop him. He just watched on calmly.

Such a violent experiment might allow him to observe the true situation of this human.

He was holding a notebook in one hand and jotting something down with the other.

The sound of the rope breaking was heard. The man’s eyes became even redder, and he fell from the cross to the ground with a thud.

The man seemed to be surprised by the sudden escape. He looked at the sharp claws on his hands and the dwarf-like Eli opposite him. He grinned hideously, drooling.

“Go to hell!”

The man ran madly towards Eli. He wanted to kill this person who had transformed him into such a ghastly creature.

“not bad, he still has just the template of a normal human. After merging with the blood, his strength has reached the level of an intermediate Knight, and his speed is almost the same as an advanced Knight.” What the man didn’t expect was that Eli was still calm as he calmly recorded the data, which made the man even more furious.

“Go to hell!”

A wall of wind suddenly appeared.

The sharp claws touched the wind wall, and the man saw his sharp claws being torn apart in an instant.

He let out a painful howl and looked at Eli with fear.

“Let me see your limit.” Eli looked at the man and gave him a ” kind ” smile.

The sound of fear reverberated in the laboratory.

Half an hour later, the door opened.

Eli cleaned up the flesh and blood residue in the laboratory and returned.

“An ordinary person can become stronger with blood integration. However, there seem to be many flaws. I need more experimental bodies and real tests.” Eli wrote slowly in his notebook.

As his research on bloodlines became more in-depth, he also understood that this was a pretty good path. Eli felt that he would probably integrate a bloodline into his body in the future to enhance his strength.

“I need to do more experiments, but where can I find targets?”

Eli frowned.

Suddenly, Dong Dong Dong!

The bell rang three times in a row, and Eli looked up.

If he remembered correctly, three chimes should be the beginning of the war.

War?

Eli’s eyes lit up. Was there a better place to test than the battlefield?

…

Year 361 of the bryne calendar.

The new king of the Lorraine Kingdom announced that he would cut off all contact with Bryne.

The recovered Bryne Kingdom was instantly exposed to the many other kingdoms. For the sake of huge benefits, the war began.

It was different from the last time in Eli’s memory.

During the first war Eli experienced, the country was still under the leadership of Bryne the sixth. The country was powerful and had a strong military. But now, after the rule of Bryne the seventh, it could be said that Bryne was at its weakest in history.

This time, it was the neighboring Vis Kingdom that had initiated the war.

The war started suddenly and ended very quickly.

By the time Jun Lin received the news, Bryne had been defeated, and the nobles who had participated in the war had been captured.

The first war after Queen Anna came to power ended in a hasty and difficult way, but everyone knew that there would only be an even more intense war.

In this regard, no one dared to say that they were full of confidence in winning the war, not even Queen Anna.

And at this moment, it was time for Eli to choose what to do.

Whether it was for the purpose of searching for the ruins or to experiment with the bloodline, he had to do something.

Bryne… He needed the kingdom to survive because he had come to view it as his private property.