107 The Demon Knights

In the next half a month.

More Knights were sent to Eli’s laboratory.

Eli was also very happy to see the batch of higher-quality experiments. He kept experimenting with his various ideas, looking forward to testing some of them in the war.

After these Knights received the bloodline, their combat power increased greatly. Even the ordinary low-ranked Knights were comparable to advanced Knights, and advanced Knights could even compete with Grand Knights.

The only regret was that there were no Grand Knights participating yet, mainly because Eli thought that his technique was too rough, and he would only fuse them after a period of time when he was more familiar with it.

These Knights who had fused with their bloodlines were also sent to the front lines for their first battle.

…

Half a month passed in the blink of an eye.

Semi plain.

This was the border between the Bryne Empire and the Vis Empire.

At this moment, large dark clouds were gathering in the sky, and the gray sky brought a great sense of oppression. Countless birds were flying in the sky, looking at the humans below with curiosity.

At this moment, a large number of troops had already gathered on both sides of the plain.

To the West was the Army of the vis Kingdom. Most of them were clad in dark green armor, and the weapons in their hands were also exquisitely forged. They glinted with a cold light, and their eyes under their helmets were filled with a strong desire to fight.

They formed a specific formation, like hungry wolves with their fangs open, ready to cruelly split the enemy into pieces.

This was the vis Kingdom, a country that had developed very well in the past few years. A large amount of iron ore in the country had also provided them with excellent weapons, and their desires had gradually increased in the past few years.

This time, they had extended their hands to their neighboring country, Bryne, which was once a powerful country.

On the other side, Bryne’s Army was also ready.

However, the difference was obvious. Although the number of people on both sides was about the same, the quality was different. The soldiers of Bryne wielded weapons that seemed to be forged years ago.

Bryne’s fall in recent years had caused the domestic economy to deteriorate further. This had led to a lack of funds for the Army in recent years. The number of Knights in the Army was far less than that of the Vis Empire. This was not good news.

“This is it?”

At this moment, a Grand Knight was standing in a tall chariot in the midst of the Vis Empire’s Army. He looked at Bryne’s Army and smiled.

Bryne had fewer Knights than them. The only strange thing was that Bryne’s Knights seemed to be a little taller, but they were only Knights and didn’t have much of an effect.

“General, it seems that Bryne is not as good as he used to be.” A rough-looking man beside the Knight said loudly.

“That’s right. I’ve already thought about how I’m going to charge into the city and where I’m going to plunder women and money.”

“Hahahaha!”

The Knights laughed unscrupulously, revealing relaxed expressions.

The general didn’t teach them a lesson. Instead, he laughed with them.

When he was young, Bryne was much stronger than Weiss. But now, times had changed. A weak country was not worthy of so many resources.

“it’s time to let Bryne know how powerful we are. Fight!!” The general drew his sword and shouted.

“Fight!”

The soldiers shouted the same and slowly approached the other side.

…

“Damn it, how can the gap be so huge?”

On Bryne’s side, a fat man wiped the sweat off his forehead. His bulging stomach further illustrated his combat power. He was the noble who was in charge of commanding the Army this time, Earl Simon.

“my Lord, what should we do? Why don’t we escape? we can’t fight this!” A man said worriedly.

“my ass! Run! Where can we run to?!” The fat man slapped the man hard.

Although he was scared, he never thought of running.

“don’t worry. Didn’t Her Majesty send people over? ” Fatty seemed to have thought of something as he looked at a corner not far away.

On the other side, there was an Army of about 30 people. They were all advanced Knights, wearing specially made tall armor and wide helmets that covered their faces. It was almost impossible to see their faces. It was a very strange Army.

“Forget it, I don’t care anymore, let’s fight!”

On the other side, the Vis Empire was also slowly approaching. He knew that he could not delay any longer.

The Black Dragon flag not far away began to wave, and the Army also set off toward the opposite side.

“Fight!”

The battle started at once.

In the short distance of a few hundred meters, the cavalrymen were the first to collide.

Like two streams of iron clashing, the sound of metal colliding, the neighing of horses, and painful curses mixed together. It was unknown how many people had died in this round of collision.

The cavalrymen didn’t stop after the collision. Instead, they directly inserted themselves into the opposing officers, and the battle officially began.

At a location.

One of the Vis Knights used a heavy sword to smash down on a warrior’s shield. The opponent was sent staggering by the sudden force, and his shield fell to the ground.

Then the Knight simply swung his sword again, and the man was killed. The Knight didn’t even look at him. He just passed by and continued.

Not far away, one of Bryne’s war chariots also passed by. Spears extended from both sides of the chariot, continuously reaping the lives of the people on both sides.

Life was constantly flowing away. Even Knights could not guarantee that they could survive in such an environment.

“damn it, my Lord. The situation is not good.” On Bryne’s side, the Earl’s guard looked at the situation in front of him and said anxiously.

Nothing could be seen on the battlefield, but they were standing at a higher place and could see clearly that Bryne was being suppressed, even though it was not a one-sided battle yet.

If he didn’t have any power to break the situation, then he would definitely lose.

“My Lord, that group hasn’t made a move yet.” What made the attendant anxious was that the Knights sent by Her Majesty the Queen on the other side seemed to have no reaction. They had not moved at all since the beginning, as if they were waiting for an opportunity.

“If we had known that we couldn’t rely on them, we would have left,” The noble also cursed. Seeing the increasingly terrible environment, he prepared to leave first.

The war was lost, but he would not die for it.

…

“Your Excellency, Bryne is no match for us at all.” Beside the general, the Knight’s smile became even more brilliant.

Before the battle began, they were still a little nervous, but now, they just wanted to laugh out loud.

Bryne was no longer the same old Bryne.

“eh? Your Excellency, there’s a group of Knights over there that suddenly moved.”

Someone suddenly shouted.

The large group of Knights had finally moved.

“It’s just a last-ditch struggle.” The general said in disdain. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

What could 30 Knights do?

Unless they could kill their way to him and kill him directly.

But wasn’t that nonsense?

“The battle is almost over!” Ignoring the Knights, the general revealed a confident smile.

They had already won this battle.