110 Choosing a Focused Spell

29.9.

In theory, the highest mental force an apprentice could reach was also the limit of an ordinary human.

If he wanted to break through to 30 points, he would need some other methods.

There were two methods recorded in Saleen metatrin’s book.

The first was the most common method, which was to take limit-breaking potions. This could help a mage break through their mental force, but there was a certain amount of danger, so the dosage had to be controlled.

!!

The second method was to get help from a high-level mage. This method was relatively safe, but it consumed a lot of the mage’s energy. Usually, the apprentice had to be a relative of the high-level mage or pay a huge price.

And the problem with Eli now was that he couldn’t use either of the two methods.

For one, the ingredients for the limit-breaking potion were something that Eli had never seen in the Knight Kingdom before. The requirements for the ingredients were also very high and difficult to meet. The latter was even more ridiculous. There wasn’t even a single apprentice here, let alone a high-level mage.

“So what should we do?” Eli furrowed his brows as he pondered this serious question.

He was already 102 years old. Normally, even if a mage had lived to this age, they would never consider breaking through because their states did not allow them to do so. But it was different for him. He was in good health, and his life was a little longer than ordinary mages.

Although it was suspected that the advancement of a mage would consume vitality, Eli didn’t care. After all, it didn’t matter to Eli. He could also work with blood integration. These were all small problems.

Eli wanted to be the strongest. Based on his knowledge, mages were stronger than warlocks.

“I can ask the Empire to look for the materials for the potions, but I can’t put all my hopes on it. I have to think of other ways.” Eli pondered as he looked at the magic herb field outside the window.

At this time, in the far-off farmland, an empty area was particularly obvious.

In the center, there were more than a dozen blood bamboo flowers. The largest one was even a meter tall, and the aura it exuded was close to that of a first circle. It was a huge difference from before.

That one had been specially cultivated by Eli.

Every time Eli’s experiment failed, he would pour waste blood on it. At first, Eli didn’t notice it, but later on, he realized by chance that this blood bamboo flower was so strange. It was much bigger than the other flowers, and the potions made from the flowers were stronger. Only then did he understand that this plant had absorbed too much blood from magical beasts and had leveled up.

For now, Eli wondered if the flowers of this plant could provide him with the ingredients he needed.

“I’ll do both. On the one hand, I’ll get the Empire to help me find magic medicine, and on the other hand, I’ll get the Empire to find the blood of magical beasts to cultivate the blood bamboo flower.”

Eli, who had been an apprentice mage for more than 80 years, had finally reached this stage. His pace was really slow.

He had endured until all his friends had died, until Bryne’s Emperor had passed on for two terms, until Bryne had gone from being normal to being weak, and then to becoming the most powerful country.

These were everything that had happened in the last eighty years.

“time really flies. Oh, and I need to remind Anna to look for the ruins.” Eli exclaimed, then returned to the laboratory.

The next day.

The bryne Empire had set up a new department.

The ruins Department.

They only had three duties. The first was to find specific extraordinary monsters and magic potions, the second was to hunt magical beasts and collect blood, and the third was to look for strange places within the Empire or places where there might be relics.

As soon as the Department was established, it immediately selected the top talents from all departments in the country, including scholars, Grand scholars, people who were good at grave robbing, Knights, Grand Knights, and even those who were arrested in the war. If they had these special skills, they could be pardoned.

The Department was set up in secret, so ordinary people did not know about it. However, some aristocrats did know about it and expressed their confusion. After all, the Empire had just absorbed so much land, and the first thing they should do was to develop it. However, Queen Anna had spent so much energy on this. It was simply unreasonable.

They had even released some of the more talented prisoners, which made them feel even more ridiculous.

Several nobles expressed their dissatisfaction with Queen Anna, but the next day, the Empire lost a few Marquises and Earls and gained a few more Earls, Viscounts, and barons. No one dared to talk about it anymore.

It was only then that they realized who the real master of the Empire was.

…

It was the second day after Eli ordered Anna to set up the ruins Department.

Eli had also officially begun his preparations for his mental power breakthrough, as well as the solidification of his model.

Saleen metatrin’s legacy did not include many preparations for spell models, but there were seven to eight excellent spell models, all of which were from Saleen metatrin’s personal collection.

Among them were Star Shield, blood red Hand, moon attraction, thorn control, shadow corrosion, water curtain, rock barrier, and spirit shield.

Eli had to choose one of them, and this required a lot of caution.

The spell model was a special type of spell. There were two special points about it. One was that it could be cast instantly and only required a small amount of mana. The other was that the spell model would improve along with the mage’s strength.

For example, when a mage advanced to the second circle, even if the spell model was only the first circle, it could still burst out the power of the second circle. This was one of the strengths of a mage.

Therefore, the choice of a focused spell was a huge issue. It had to be carefully chosen, and there was no second chance. This was very important to a mage.

There were a total of eight first-circle spells available for Eli to choose from.

Among them, the star Shield, water curtain, rock barrier, and spirit shield were all defensive spells. The first three were physical and elemental, while the latter were spiritual. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Of the other four, only the blood-red Hand and shadow corrosion were offensive spells, while the other two were control spells.

Which one to choose was a big problem.

However, Eli still leaned towards a defensive spell. After all, he had many combat techniques. He would have all kinds of combat techniques in the future, and defensive spells were relatively rare.

Furthermore, he only had one life, so he naturally had to protect himself.

Finally, after a few days of thinking, he made a decision.

In the end, he chose spirit shield.

The reason was that this spell just happened to fill in the gap of his lack of mental defense spells, and the interesting thing about this spell was that it consumed very little energy, and Eli could maintain it 24 hours a day to protect his mental safety. It was very practical and very suitable for him.

“Since I’ve made my choice, then I need to prepare well.” Taking out the model of the spirit Shield to record on paper, Eli was prepared to study it.

He was getting closer and closer to a breakthrough!