112 Breakthrough

“You found the sun Corolla?”

Just as he recovered from the good news of the blood bamboo flower’s advancement, he received another piece of good news.

The sun Corolla was one of the most important materials in the limit-breaking potion. It was a top material of the zero circle, and it usually took at least a hundred years before it bloomed.

The latter didn’t matter. What Eli had always thought didn’t exist in this land, but they actually found it. It was a pleasant surprise.

However, it seemed inevitable. After all, tens of thousands of people had searched every corner of the Empire, which was nearly a million square kilometers of land. Even if the place was barren, it should not be without a zero circle Material.

Of course, it would be impossible for a normal person to find it.

This was something that an Empire had spent a full ten years to find.

“Then quickly send it to me,” Eli ordered.

…

Now that he had the ingredients for the magic potion, the next step was naturally to concoct the magic potion in preparation for his breakthrough.

On the third day, all the ingredients for the limit-breaking potion were sent to the manor. Eli looked at the dozens of ingredients in front of him, took a deep breath, and decided to prepare and wait a little longer.

For some of the materials, he only had one of them, so it was better to prepare more.

…

Five years later.

In the laboratory.

Eli took a deep breath, picked up a stalk of magic medicine, and began to process it. After five years of preparation, he was already confident that he could concoct the magic medicine.

Very quickly, the materials were processed one by one.

Eli began to process the potion according to the formula. After five years of preparation, he had a thorough understanding of every step. He had also done many simulations, so he was very confident.

Soon, he finished all the steps.

An hour later, Eli looked at the potion in front of him and smiled.

It was a dark purple potion. It looked ordinary, but even just by smelling it, Eli seemed to feel the throbbing of his mental power, which made him very happy.

Of course, even though the limit-breaking potion was ready, it was still not enough.

Eli needed more preparation. Khorium 3, which was the new blood bamboo flower potion, should be produced.

After five years of growth, the blood bamboo flower had completely become a first circle Material. The flower completely met Eli’s requirements, and he planned to make more in case of an emergency.

A year later, Eli looked at the ten bottles of khorium three in front of him and revealed a satisfied smile.

These potions were the result of his hard work.

If he wanted to produce blood bamboo flowers of suitable quality, zero circle magical beast blood would definitely not work, so he could only feed the flower with his own blood. This was the result after sacrificing about two thousand years of vitality.

It might not seem like an equal amount, but input and output were two completely different things. He had input 2000 years, but that did not mean that the blood bamboo flower could also produce a 2000-year quality blood bamboo flower. Being able to convert a portion of it was already very strong.

So, Eli felt that this flower was a perfect match for him.

One needed life force, while the other had endless life force.

“Since I’m ready, it’s time to break through.” Eli took a deep breath.

…

Three days later.

All personnel was prohibited from entering Leighton Manor. At the same time, a team of more than a dozen Grand Knights surrounded the manor, and nearly a hundred Knights were patrolling.

They didn’t know what to do, but the Queen’s order was not to let a single mosquito in.

In the basement.

The light illuminated the space, and at this moment, Eli was sitting in the center, and around him, there were fine runes all over, exuding a rich aura and attracting the surrounding elements.

In front of him, eleven bottles of potions were neatly arranged.

He activated the spell formation, and more elements were instantly attracted to him. They approached him, and in an instant, they grew to three to four times their normal sizes. With a calm expression, he immediately consumed the limit-breaking potion.

As the potion entered his body, a cold feeling instantly spread throughout his body.

In the next second, Swoosh!

His mental power, which had not been used for 16 years, also began to increase slowly.

29.90.

29.91.

…

29.99.

30.0.

It was as if the shackles on his body had been broken. Eli felt as if his mental energy had broken through a certain limit, and a mysterious change was beginning to happen in his body.

Due to the rise of his mental strength, even more elements began to gather. Like a small vortex, it began to spiral above Eli’s head, and a large number of elements began to pour into his body.

This was also a very important step in advancing to the next level.

Semi-elemental transformation.

It was impossible for an ordinary person’s body to withstand more than 30 points of mental force, and every mage had its own methods to remedy that. For knights, some chose to strengthen the body, while others could rely on innate strong vitality. As for mages, they chose to transform their body into elements.

This step was also the main difference between an apprentice and an official mage.

An elementalized body would give a mage a qualitative leap in terms of the number of elements they could use, their sensitivity to the elements, and even their power.

It was still possible to defeat high-level acolytes by relying on numbers, but it was impossible for acolytes to defeat official mages. Even if there were tens of Level 3 acolytes against one first circle mage, it would still be impossible for the mage to lose.

After becoming an official Mage, even if one was just yielding an ordinary zero-circle spell, its power could be increased by at least five to six times.

There were even some mages who did not treat humans as their own race, even if they were once ordinary humans. The transition in life would cause a huge change in mentality.

Of course, it was impossible to complete the elemental essence conversion at the first ring. The further conversion would require further advancement.

At this moment, a large number of gathered elements, under the guidance of Eli’s spiritual power, were transforming Eli’s weak body.

The modification continued.

Eli’s cells gradually began to undergo unknown changes. Little by little, elements began to fuse into it, and there were slight changes to the cell composition. His physical fitness was also rapidly improving.

And at this moment, Eli closed his eyes.

There was another change happening in his mind.

The white pillar of light that had always been in Eli’s consciousness also emitted white spots of light, following the elements and beginning to transform Eli’s body. Eli’s cells were gradually tainted with traces of the aura of time.

Unbeknownst to Eli, the talent for controlling time had been added to his repertoire. Even if Eli did know, he wouldn’t know what it meant. One had to know, the talent of time, even among celestial sorcerers, was an extremely rare talent.

Only the celestials had the chance to come into contact with it or even touch the traces of time. However, Eli, even during this transformation, was already equipped with the talent for time.

…

The modifications were carried out bit by bit. Suddenly, Eli opened his eyes.

It was not because he had succeeded but because there was an insufficient element.

Eli sensed the elements around him. Although there were many of them, they could not last until he finished his advancement. Even the array beneath him was absorbing more elements.

“So this is why there are no mages here?”

In an instant, it seemed like Eli understood something.

He had always thought that there were no mages here because of the lack of resources, but he never thought about the lack of elements. It was difficult to break through to become a first-circle wizard.

In other words, there used to be mages here, but they all left later on. Only then did Saleen metatrin come here.

“Detestable!” The corners of Eli’s mouth twitched, and he looked at the ten bottles of potions not far away. Thankfully, he was prepared.

He picked up a bottle of medicine and drank it directly. Instantly, a huge amount of life force flowed out rapidly, and his spiritual power exploded in an instant. However, this time, the spiritual power did not surge toward Eli but spread out instead.

A large number of elements were attracted by his spiritual power again.

“It’s not enough!” Eli cast a glance at it and drank another bottle.

Bang!

Even more elements gushed over.

Not enough!

Not enough!

Not enough!

It took a total of six potions to finally gather all the elements.

At this moment, a huge elemental vortex formed in the sky above Eli, with a radius of more than ten meters.

At this moment, the Grand Knights patrolling outside also looked up at the sky.

“What’s that?” A Grand Knight’s mouth was wide open. He could feel the spiritual energy fluctuation there. It was hundreds or thousands of times more than the essence within his body.

All the Grand Knights were shocked. They could not understand how there were so many elements.

What was even more terrifying was that all the elements were pouring into the manor below. Their throats moved slightly, and they felt their mouths dry up. What exactly was in the manor?

…

While the Knights were still in shock.

As a large number of elements poured in, Eli’s elemental conversion was quickly completed.

In the end, he reached 15.6% conversion, which was the starting point of a normal mage. In other words, he was already a first-circle mage.

However, if he wanted to become an official mage, this was far from enough. He still needed to solidify the imprint of the spell model.

This step didn’t cause any major problems.

He began to imprint.

Complex runes began to gather in his mind, forming a complex spell model. The fixed model was different from other spell models, and even 1st circle spells were rarely more complicated than these.

To ordinary acolytes, this was still rather difficult.

But for Eli, after more than ten years of research, he no longer had any doubts about this model. Even first-circle Wizards probably didn’t have a better understanding of this spell than he did.

Three hours later, the last rune was completed.

Eli finally heaved a sigh of relief. At the same time, in the space of his consciousness, a translucent membrane began to appear, protecting his entire consciousness. It was a first-circle solidified spell-Spirit Shield.

At this point, Eli had finally completed all the advancement requirements.

On the day he turned 118, it was year 393 of the bryne calendar.

He had finally broken through.

To become an official first circle mage.

As a wizard, Eli finally understood what Saleen metatrin’s log meant.FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m