118 The Mage World

“Hello, I’m first circle sorcerer Eli Lucifer.”

If the five circle celestial sorcerer in front of him were still alive, then everything Eli did would be meaningless. In front of such a powerful existence, everything was futile.

This was also the first time Eli felt his life being threatened.

However, the mage said that he was a five-circle, but Saleen metatrin said that this was a four-circle mage ruin. Something wasn’t right.

“You’re very nervous!” As if sensing the change in Eli, Nick said calmly, “There’s no need to worry. This is just a wisp of my true spirit. The real me has long since been reduced to dust in the passage of time.”

He was dead!

Eli heaved a sigh of relief and then said respectfully, “Is there anything I can help you with?”

Although he was relaxed, he still had to be polite. After all, even if it was a true spirit, he felt that it had the power to crush him.

“Didn’t you come for my inheritance?” Nick was very open-minded and cast a glance at Eli.

Eli: “…”

It was hard to say if he wasn’t. This was indeed his goal.

“Relax, everything I had is behind me. However, there’s not much left in these ruins. The main thing is that I’ve basically used up everything that can be used here, leaving only some useless things.” Nick saw that Eli seemed to be in a good mood, so he generously showed off the things behind him.

Among them were some books, strange items, and some materials that seemed to be of considerable value.

Nick was overjoyed, but Eli was puzzled. Shouldn’t there be a test of some sort? Were all celestial mages like this?

Eli felt that he was too prejudiced. He thought he had to go through many challenges before he could get the treasure. However, the celestial mage was ready to hand it away.

“Sir, why are you willing to give me your inheritance?” This was the question that puzzled him the most.

“Because you’re a mage. You should be thankful. If you were a Warlock, I would’ve crushed you into minced meat the moment you came in.” Nick said the most ruthless words in a calm tone.

Why did everyone have negative opinions about warlocks? They were not polite at all, and they were expressing their disgust toward warlocks.

“Can you tell me what happened? Why do you hate warlocks so much?” He asked curiously.

“Don’t you know?” Nick was surprised.

Eli almost vomited blood. He had been in the kingdom of Knights his entire life, so how would he know? However, he still said politely, “My Lord, I was born here and had my mage’s breakthrough here. In other words, you are the first official Mage I have communicated with!”

Nick was speechless.

“You broke through in this horrible place?” Nick’s mouth was wide open. Although he only had a trace of his true soul, he could still sense the outside environment. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Eli had grown into a first-circle sorcerer in a place with scarce resources and elements.

“You’re a true genius!” Nick’s gaze towards Eli changed as he said sternly.

The corner of Eli’s mouth twitched. Genius? a genius who took more than a hundred years to break through to One Circle?

“Since you don’t know anything, I’ll tell you about it. I’ll tell you about that period of time, which was the period of the great catastrophe!” Nick shook his head and waved the staff in his right hand. The scene in front of Eli’s eyes began to change.

Eli knew it was an illusion, but he didn’t stop it.

In the blink of an eye, the scene before his eyes changed. Eli had already arrived in the sky, and there was a huge piece of land under his feet. He recognized it as the knight’s world.

“This is the central continent, the most prosperous place in the mage world.” Nick pointed at the continent.

The scene zoomed in and showed the continent.

Eli looked up at the sky. There were many huge floating islands. No, they were made of metal. They were floating fortresses made by alchemy.

“This is the floating city, and it’s also a tool that we often use to conquer other worlds.” Nick continued.

Eli was watching from the side. He finally understood something. The mages left, and the knights inherited the world he was currently in.

In the fortress, the mages were ready to go. Their terrifying auras spread throughout the world. With a wave of spatial fluctuations, the fortress disappeared into the sky and set off for the endless world.

“They’ve gone to battle other worlds again. I really miss that time. At that time, the Mage world was so powerful, and its name spread throughout the multiverse. We were the Masters of truth, the representatives of fear!” Nick reminisced as he watched the scene.

Eli was also looking forward to it. Such a world was indeed filled with a different kind of charm!

but … suddenly, the scene in front of him changed.

This time, countless floating-space cities set off once again. Their destination was also the endless world, but the people in the floating-space cities were carrying large and small bags with their own things.

The powerful fourth and fifth circle Magi were squeezed together. This time, it was not a battle but an escape.

“the world has changed because of an accident. I can’t tell you about this accident because it’s too early for you. In short, it’s an accident that made the mage world unsuitable for mages to live in.” Nick’s face was filled with sorrow. “After the accident, as long as you’re a mage in the mage world, then you’ll find that your life force is depleting very abnormally. The higher your level, the faster your life force depletes.

“Therefore, the mages left this world, heading to the endless world in search of other places to survive.

“Only a small number of mages were willing to stay. A small portion of them was unwilling to leave, while a large portion of them did not have the ability to leave.

“Therefore, they had to find a new way to live. It just so happened that warlocks had a longer life span, so many people chose to become warlocks. This was not a big deal, but as time passed, more and more warlocks appeared, and they gradually gave up on the meaning of being a mage.

“They rely on their bloodlines, but they forget that they are Magi. They increase their strength but forget their will to pursue the truth. I am a Mage, so I hate these warlocks.” After Nick finished speaking, the image disappeared.

He took a deep breath.

“So that’s how it is!” Eli finally understood everything.

His previous doubts were instantly dispelled. No wonder mages looked down on warlocks.

“that’s why you should feel lucky that you are a mage. My knowledge will not be given to those warlocks who only know how to explore the power of bloodlines.” Nick said with a smile.

He was indeed lucky!

If not for his long lifespan, he might have really chosen the path of a Warlock.

“This is the reason why I’m willing to give you my inheritance.” Nick explained. “it’s mainly because I don’t want my legacy to be broken. It’s been thousands of years, and there must be fewer and fewer mages now. Since you choose the path of a mage, it means you’re a man who desires the truth.” Nick stroked his beard and praised.

Eli nodded. This was indeed the case.

“but remember, the mages are not dead. They have only left temporarily. They are everywhere. One day, when they return, this multiverse will once again remember the power of the mage world.” Nick continued, his calm tone filled with endless longing.

The mages had only left, not died.

They had only dispersed.

But they were still everywhere.

From his simple words, Eli could hear his confidence in the mage civilization.

“but if there’s a chance, you should leave this world. This place is no longer suitable for mages.” Nick shook his head and said in sorrow.

Hope was hope, and reality was reality.

Eli nodded.

Wait… why would he leave?

The Magi had left, so it was impossible for them to take everything they had left behind. There must be a large number of Magus inheritances in the Mage world or good things that could not be taken away.

Warlocks might not be able to use it, but he could!

Eli was dumbfounded, feeling that he was a genius for his sudden idea.

High-level mages could not come back, or even if they did, they had to leave as soon as possible. Otherwise, their life force would be greatly damaged. But Eli did not care!

He was immortal.

Eli didn’t know how great the legacy of civilization was, but he knew that even if he could only take over a portion of it, it was enough for him to grow.

“No, I still want to stay in this world,” Eli said to Nick.

“it seems like you and I are the same kinds of people, both deeply in love with this world.” Nick was stunned as well, and he looked at Eli with even more admiration.

He loved the mage world.

So even if he had the ability to leave at that time, he still stayed here.

But he didn’t expect that the young wizard he would meet thousands of years later would share the same ideal, which made him very surprised.

“Very good. It seems that my inheritance will not be wasted.” Nick nodded and said, “my inheritance is mainly divided into three parts. The first is a medium-grade meditation technique, which will be of great help to your meditation speed. The second is my unique knowledge, life extraction, which is also called extraordinary extraction. The third part is this secret realm, which you can use as a storage place.”

As time passed, Nick’s body became more and more illusory. He knew that he didn’t have much time left and couldn’t chat blindly.

On the other hand, Eli nodded his head, feeling very happy as well. The inheritance of a celestial mage was definitely much stronger than Saleen Metatrin.

“very good. Those things are useless, so don’t mind them. I’ll directly transmit the most important things to you through my mind.” Nick pointed at the resources in the castle not far away.

He didn’t want to give out his core inheritance originally, but Elin was really to his liking. He was a genius, and a mage like Eli was worthy of his inheritance!

“Are you ready?”

“Yes.”

In the next second, Nick touched Eli’s head, and at the same time, a large amount of information poured into his consciousness.

At the same time.

In the shadow of the underground prison, the eyes opened again, revealing the cold vertical pupils.

“Has the inheritance ceremony started?”

“Soon…”

His eyes went back into the darkness. The reason why he didn’t dare to break out of prison was because of the spirit of the celestial mage.

Once the spirit disappeared…