148 Meteor Shower

On the other side.

Shadows appeared around Kratos as he flew toward Mike’s area. In less than a minute, he arrived at a mountain not far from there.

On a big tree on the mountain.

Hiding in the shadows, Kratos’ eyes were fixed on a building on the opposite side of the mountain. For now, all the warlocks from the shadow lizard sorcerer Academy lived here, including their leader, Mike.

“Sigh, you’re the one who asked for it. You can’t blame anyone else.” Kratos shook his head, and the shadows around him bared their fangs like man-eating beasts.

!!

“Eh, why is it so bright today?”

Suddenly, Kratos found that there was something wrong with the light today, and he looked up at the sky.

In the pitch-black night sky, the stars were embellished. One could see a flash of light, leaving a trail behind. It was a meteor shower.

“It’s a rare celestial phenomenon. It’s beautiful, but it’s too short.” Kratos sighed and suddenly found a bright spot in the meteor shower.

The light spot was like a small fish that had accidentally entered the territory of a shark. It dodged left and right, avoiding the meteors. However, there were too many meteors. After more than ten minutes, as more meteors appeared, the light spot had nowhere to escape.

Finally, under Kratos’ dumbfounded gaze, the light spot hit a huge meteor. Then, a light spot bloomed, and the meteor broke into many fragments, shooting in all directions.

“It appears to be falling toward the endless sea.” Kratos wasn’t fully familiar with the world.

The scene he saw today had truly opened his eyes.

He wondered what that light spot was. It seemed to be an object that entered from the outside universe.

Kratos shook his head and was about to continue his journey. However, after taking a few steps, he glanced at the sky and retreated quickly instead of advancing.

In Kratos’ vision, the fragments of the broken meteor were actually flying in his direction.

“How is this possible?!” Kratos retreated rapidly.

In the sky.

The fragment of the meteor left a long trail of flames behind it as it drew a bright line in the dark night sky. With a terrifying shriek, it slowly approached the area.

Kratos retreated quickly with a look of disbelief on his face. The meteorite fragment was really approaching, and if he was not wrong, it would fall on the mountain where his target was.

“It can’t be.” Kratos was a little dumbfounded.

Even if this was only a fragment of the meteor, the power granted by its speed was something that even a third-circle warlock might not be able to withstand. Would the meteor really fall here?

Time would give the answer.

Three seconds later!

Accompanied by a terrifying shriek, the fragments of the meteor streaked across the sky and finally arrived here, and then coincidentally smashed straight into Mike’s area.

With the sound of an explosion, a small mushroom cloud of flames rose. In an instant, Mike’s camp was torn in half. As for the people inside, they didn’t even feel it before they were turned to dust in the explosion.

Kratos was dumbfounded. Although he was a few kilometers away, he could feel the scorching temperature. Even he might not be able to survive the crash.

“Is this… settled?” Kratos said in an uncertain tone.

On the other side, the huge explosion and the rising clouds of fire woke up everyone in the camp.

Everyone walked out and looked at this terrifying scene in shock. The power of nature was so terrifying. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

And all the people Mike had gathered looked at the place where the fire cloud had erupted, and their mouths twitched.

“It can’t be.”

“That seems to be Mike’s camp.”

“How is this possible?”

Everyone felt that they had planned their betrayal a little too early, but who would have thought that such an absurd thing would happen? Did a meteor shower destroy the mage’s world?

Eli was also standing on the roof, watching this scene from afar.

Just now, he suddenly felt a violent tremor. Through the detection means around him, he saw the ridiculous scene. To be honest, Eli didn’t expect the curse to be so evil.

A lifespan of 500 years was the normal limit of a second-circle mage’s life, so Eli had basically sacrificed the whole lifespan of a second-circle mage.

“Sigh, what a pity.” Eli shook his head and returned.

500 years of his life had been taken away in an instant. Even for him, it was really painful. In the future, he would probably need to be more careful with his curses.

He just didn’t know what that light spot was.

…

At the same time.

“F*ck me!”

In a huge flying instrument, the four rings celestial wizard Constantine was dumbfounded.

He was really in deep trouble.

He was one of the Magi who left with the other Magi. He was a 4th circle Mage, and he came back to do something. He didn’t expect to encounter such a huge meteor shower.

What was even more unfortunate was that he was in an awkward position with several latitude gaps. He did not dare to attack and could only dodge. In the end, he was still shot down.

“Damn it!” At this moment, Constantine had already entered the Mage world or the current knight world. He could feel that his life force was being drained three to four times faster.

F * ck!

This was not the worst thing. His aircraft was severely damaged. Without it, he would not dare to come back to the Magus world, even with his current state. This involved a catastrophe that would last for thousands of years.

“Damn it, I have to land by force. The central continent is the best, but it’s too far away. It seems like I have to land on another small continent.” Constantine looked down. There was another small continent in the endless sea. In the end, he chose that place to land.

“I need to fix the flying device. But I doubt there are enough resources on this continent. Plus, there are still those warlocks who are now xenophobic in the central continent.” The corner of Constantine’s mouth twitched.

“Damn it. How did I encounter a meteor shower?!”

Constantine fell rapidly. He couldn’t understand why he was so unlucky.

…

No one knew about Constantine’s sorrow.

But Kratos knew that he had to take responsibility for this matter.

After all, Mike had died in his area, so he had to give an explanation. In fact, he was going to kill Mike and use his connections, but he didn’t expect this to happen before he could do anything.

But fortunately, no one could do anything to him when it came to meteor showers.

However, he still wrote a letter and received a reply very quickly.

“As long as I’m here, no one can touch you.”

Kratos sighed when he saw his teacher’s letter.

After burning the letter, he turned around and returned to his room.

…

“Is it that ridiculous?”

On the other side, Rawls also found out about this matter the next day.

His face was filled with disbelief.

What was this? The meteor fell and just happened to kill the people of the shadow Sorcerer Academy. This was too unlucky.

He wanted to see if he could get rid of Eli with this, but it seemed like he was overthinking it.

“Forget it. I’d better go back to work.” Ross sighed, looked at the work manual that Eli gave him, and planted the plants according to the instructions.

He would consider defeating Eli later.

…

Ten years later.

In Eli’s laboratory.

Eli looked at the fluctuations of the eighteen segments of devouring power that he had recorded, and his heart was filled with joy.

He had finally recorded everything down. The only pity was that he had only recorded it down. If he were to copy it through the spell model, it would be another huge task.

This job took a long time to handle by himself, and it took up a lot of time.

“Sigh, if only I had a mage organization under my control. I could spread it out and let my subordinates help me deal with the mundane jobs.” Eli shook his head.

He had half a mage camp under his command.

This was thanks to Tijie. She was already at the middle stage of the first circle and was the Vice battalion commander of the mage camp. It was a pity that Eli had no time to spare. He had wanted to go and take a look, but he had no choice.

Of course, Tijie wasn’t the strongest. In fact, she should be the weakest under Eli at the moment. Vivika had already broken through to the second circle, while David had long since attained the second circle. Vivika seemed to be in the bloodline tower’s influence all this while, while Eli had no idea where David was.

As for the bloodline tower, Eli had also inquired about it before, but perhaps because the level of the camp was too low, he only knew that it seemed to be a major force on the West Coast, but he didn’t know exactly how big it was.

There was also Ross, who had also become a sorcerer-apprentice, and because of his outstanding talent, he was the Dean’s disciple. He was the future hope of the Academy, and had the potential to inherit the Academy in the future.

Of course, five years ago, his grandfather had passed away and sent a few hundred magic stones to Eli as a reward for saving Ross. He was a very particular old man.

Of course, there was also Eli himself.

Elemental essence conversion 56%, mental force 60 points, bloodline compatibility 54%. As a mage, he could barely be considered late-stage, while warlocks were mid-stage. He was already very familiar with all kinds of techniques, and his combat power was many times stronger than before.

There was also the curse sorcery, which was a killer move.

There was also the work in the Department. The magical plants Department was now completely under Eli’s jurisdiction. Every year, they provided a large amount of resources to him, and he would also sell the magical plants in his secret plane. The resources had always been abundant. There was also the mage relics disposal Department, which brought a lot of new knowledge to him, constantly supplementing his new knowledge.

“I really hope this will continue!” Eli sighed.

Such a peaceful life was what he yearned for!

At this moment, the token on his waist trembled. He opened it.

“Come to the wizard Tower.”

It was signed by Kratos.