203 60 Years

“Phew, it’s been ten years.”

Ten years later. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Having just finished a gathering, Eli leaned back in her high-back chair and stretched his body as he looked at the empty conference room in front of him, feeling relaxed.

At this moment, his mental power was once again condensed and returned to the limit of 200 points. He could no longer increase it. Even his bloodline was the same. There was no point in increasing it.

In the past ten years, Eli did not spend much time on cogitation. Most of his time was spent on the accumulation of knowledge. The more in-depth he studied, the more he realized how shallow his knowledge was.

As the thoughts of many Mages collided, he felt that the structure of his knowledge had once again undergone some minute adjustments. His knowledge was now more reasonable, but he was still improving.

Although he could no longer improve his mental power and bloodline, his understanding of power runes, alchemy runes, potioneering techniques, sensitivity to elemental manipulation, potioneering, and so on were all improving rapidly. He was also gradually adding his own understanding to them.

All the knowledge from the past seemed to be burning at this moment, dissolving, reconstructing, dissolving, and reconstructing in the furnace of his brain …

Of course, it was not just knowledge. Although he was in the irises encampment, he had a basic understanding of the outside world.

In the past ten years.

There was a fierce war between the bloodline tower and the black Isotta. It was said that with the addition of Vivika, a third-circle wind elemental Warlock, the bloodline tower was currently suppressing the black Isotta.

Even the master of the black Isotta, Kloss, did not dare to show his face. It was not because he was afraid of Vivika, but because of the other third circle warlock of the bloodline tower, the dying Natasha. She could still fight him.

Black Isotta kept retreating, and its forces kept shrinking. It didn’t have any plans to show itself. This made many people’s jaws drop. After all, in their minds, Kloss was a ruthless Warlock.

The bloodline tower, which had the upper hand, quickly roped in a large number of small forces and also sent invitations to the White Tower, but they were rejected.

The bloodline tower didn’t have the time to care about them. After all, having third-circle warlocks and not were two completely different concepts. Not to mention, the battle in the South wasn’t any worse. Currently, in the South of the West Coast, the house of the undead, the White Tower, and the irises were all under Eli’s control. The war was raging, and the scene was chaotic. This made many people overlook the threat they posed.

This was also the scene of division that Eli had deliberately created.

Apart from the power struggle, the other most important thing was naturally the collection of resources for advancement. The house of the undead collected soul crystals, while the White Tower and irises collected other things.

Among them, the fear beech wood had already been obtained after the White Tower occupied the territory of the black isotta Alliance, they were still searching for the human-face flower, but there were still no clues about the water elemental fruit.

Eli wasn’t in a hurry and took it slow. It was just that the external environment was getting worse and worse, which made him a little annoyed.

He had also finished learning the soul Blade and was accumulating soul power. However, he hit a dead end with the soul runes. He believed he needed to wait until he was at third-circle.

..

Ten years passed in the blink of an eye.

He was still making steady progress. He had already mastered all the conventional spells below the third circle, and his potionology and alchemy had also improved. He even had new insights about the devour spell and researched many new spells. He mainly relied on the property of the devouring power to create a small spell.

Everything else was normal.

The bloodline tower continued to suppress black Isotta’s attacks, but Kloss was still in hiding, so there was still not much progress. And in the chaos, Eli’s hands had been collecting resources nonstop.

The good news was that the clues about the human-faced flower had been confirmed to be true and were being collected.

There were still no clues about the water elemental fruit.

Also, in the past ten years, Ross had also reached the late stage of his second-circle, Kratos had aged further, and Katarina was about to advance to the middle stage. Everything was going well.

Of course, there were also underling who was sneaky, such as Nikola, who began to put away the soul crystals for himself. He was trying to return to the third circle.

This was something that Eli had secretly discovered, but he did not stop Nikola. He had his own thoughts.

..

Another ten years passed.

The human-faced flower had been found, and the only ingredient for Eli’s soul potion was the water elemental fruit. Unfortunately, there were still no clues.

At this moment, Eli had almost finished digesting all the knowledge. His power had stepped to a new level. The current Eli could be said to be at the peak of the second circle in the true sense.

This year, Catarina had also entered the middle stage, and her control of the camp had become stronger.

..

Five years later

A sad piece of news came.

Kratos was dead.

It was said that he had reached the end of his life and died quietly in his study. After his death, Rawls became the new speaker, but there were not many changes.

The impact of Kratos ‘death was neither great nor small.

Under normal circumstances, his death would definitely cause a stir in the White Tower, and many small forces also thought so. However, to their surprise, their old rival, the house of the undead, seemed to only harass them symbolically, which made many people’s eyes pop out.

Just like that, the White Tower smoothly passed through the power transfer period.

At this time, the bloodline tower’s momentum was also extremely high. Once again, they invited the White Tower to form an alliance. This time, Eli agreed because Vivika had taken over as the new tower master. Although Natasha was not dead yet, her authority had also changed.

It didn’t matter if they were only allies. In fact, most of the southern forces and a small number of central forces had also joined under the influence of the bloodline tower.

The weak depended on the strong.

..

Another ten years passed.

A new change occurred.

Natasha was dead.

The old Warlock finally couldn’t endure the injuries and died in the process of conquering black Isotta, greatly reducing the bloodline tower’s morale.

At this moment, Kloss, who had not appeared for a long time, finally appeared. The black Isotta began their counterattack and quickly took back their territory, starting a new round of entanglement.

A portion of the factions chose to leave the bloodline tower.

There was still no news on the water elemental fruit.

...

..

Another five years passed.

Another piece of bad news came to the bloodline tower.

Deputy Master of Black Isotta, Mason, reached the third-circle.

Mason’s advancement changed everything. With two three-ringed soul masters, black Isotta became an even more powerful force, just like the bloodline tower.

The offense and defense had completely reversed.

The bloodline tower began to be suppressed. At this time, many forces had left the bloodline tower, but the White Tower remained an ally. This was because they had no other choice.

If the bloodline tower fell, White Tower would be next.

At this time, there were still no clues about the water elemental fruit.

On the other hand, Eli was determined to stay in the irises. Now that there were two third-circle warlocks in black Isotta, he would not be able to deal with any of them if he sent one to deal with the White Tower. He might as well hide first.

It was too dangerous outside, and this made Eli feel a sense of danger.

...

Of course, what was worse was that there were no clues about the water elemental fruit.

..

Another five years passed.

An even worse thing happened. Kloss advanced to the middle stage of his third-circle.

The bloodline tower was being suppressed and their forces were being rapidly devoured. Many forces had already left the bloodline tower and joined the black Isotta camp.

Even the higher-up of the White Tower was filled with many voices.

Everything was going in a bad direction.

There were still no clues about the water elemental fruit.

Another interesting thing was that Kloss finally found out that it was Herman instead of Kratos who caused the destruction. Herman’s head was worth more than 100000 magic stones, and many warlocks were interested in it.

However, no one knew where he was.

Some said that he was afraid, while others said that he was already dead.

However, Herman didn’t show up, so no one knew what was going on.

..

Another five years passed.

It had been sixty years since Eli came to irises.

The bloodline tower’s situation was already very bad, but Eli finally revealed a smile that he had not seen for a long time.

There was good news.

There was finally a clue to the water elemental fruit.