229 The Storm Gradually Subsides

In the end, Eli took the mechanical box away under Vivika’s insistence.

After taking it away, he studied it for a while and found that the locks on the mechanical box were indeed quite interesting. They were of the first, second, and third circle levels. As long as one was skilled enough, they could be opened.

In fact, this was similar to potioneering. The mage world once had another sub-class called mechanical mages. They focused purely on mechanical knowledge and mechanical refining. There were also differences in level, and they were also distributed according to circles.

Currently, Eli should be a third-circle pharmacologist and a zero-circle mechanic, and this was because he had obtained alchemy knowledge in the secret plane, which also had the effect of drawing parallels from inference.

!!

After studying it for a few days, Eli finally gave up and decided to wait for the knowledge from the black Isotta to arrive.

As for him, he was temporarily staying in the bloodline house.

To him, the bloodline tower was not much different from the White Tower and the iris. They were all forces that could be used, and it was the same no matter where he lived. Besides, as a major force, the bloodline tower had more information left behind by mages. Eli was immersed in it and learned a lot of new knowledge.

While he was studying, the forces related to him were also expanding rapidly.

Among them, the bloodline tower developed the fastest. Due to the deaths of Kloss and Mason, the remaining forces of the black Isotta were forced to retreat under the pressure of the bloodline tower. Their territories were slowly devoured, and the bloodline tower’s strength grew rapidly.

The White Tower, as a faction attached to the bloodline tower, also developed rapidly. The small factions that betrayed the bloodline tower were mostly dealt with by the White Tower. For a time, a huge amount of resources poured into the White Tower. Under the accumulation of a large number of resources, several two-circle warlocks were born, but because there was no information, they were still unable to break through to the third circle.

Speaking of the third circle, Eli had also obtained the relevant information from Vivika, and he also understood how warlocks advanced to the third circle. Breakthrough was difficult without information, and back then, Eli was lucky.

However, even with the information, he had no intention of spreading it to the White Tower at the moment. It might not be a good thing for the White Tower, and the other forces would not allow it. Before he had the power to be invincible on the West Coast, Eli decided to keep a low profile.

Just like that, a year passed.

As Eli learned new knowledge, he also gained a deeper understanding of the third-circle spells and new means, which made his strength change again. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

And this year, the bloodline tower had finally dealt with most of the forces of black Isotta. As for the smaller forces, they had joined with other forces. This was unavoidable, and now it was already a very good ending.

Just last week, Eli already knew that Vivika and the rest had arrived at the core area of black Isotta, and they would soon be able to bring back the machinery knowledge that Eli wanted.

Vivika even invited Eli to come along, but he rejected her. Since there were already people helping out with the work, wouldn’t it be a waste of time if he went out?

Eli waited patiently.

But before Vivika and the others returned, Eli had another piece of good news.

The bloodline mark on Kloss’ bloodline ring was finally worn away.

“The seal is finally removed!” First, he took out the ring.

The ring was a black skull ring. It was black and white, with a little bit of red blood wrapped around the ring. However, a year ago, the blood-red color could wrap around the entire ring, but now there was only a little bit.

At this point, Eli could also open it directly. Of course, he would first drip his blood on it.

Without any hesitation, Eli extended his right hand, and a crack automatically opened up on his fingertip. A drop of blood flowed out and dripped onto the ring, then quickly devoured the remaining blood threads and covered the entire ring.

In just a few seconds, the ring changed into a black and red skeleton, and a mysterious connection was formed between Eli and the ring.

“Open!”

A smile appeared on Elie’s face as he opened the ring. The space within the ring was instantly exposed to his mind.

This was a space of about 100 cubic meters. At this time, a large number of items were placed, almost filling the entire space,.

“There are quite a lot of things.” Eli raised his eyebrows and began to count.

First, he cleaned up the magic stones. In the end, he found 10 high-grade magic stones, 300 medium-grade magic stones, and 36500 low-grade magic stones. The total value was about 160000 low-grade magic stones, which was a huge sum.

“As expected of the boss of black Isotta!” Looking at the magic stones …

The entire White Tower only produced 200000 to 300000 magic stones a year. Kloss’ collection alone was equivalent to the daily flow of the White Tower. As for irises, it might be two to three years’ worth of magic stones.

Although there were a lot of them, there was nothing special that he needed to use for the time being. He would leave them for now. Magic stones were currency after all, and they would be of use one day.

After cleaning up the magic stones, Eli began to organize the materials.

This part was relatively common. Other than some ores, there were some magical plants. There were also some interesting ones, such as a few precious magical plants from the third circle. Unfortunately, they had all been processed and could not be planted again.

“What a waste!” Eli looked at these magic plants, his heart aching.

If it were up to him, he would definitely protect all of them so that it would be convenient for him to plant them again.

What a pity!

Holding onto his displeasure towards this group of barbaric warlocks, Eli continued to inspect them. Other than the things above, there was a large number of miscellaneous items, including mage tools, books, and some strange things.

Most of them were common items, but there were also things that surprised Eli.

“This is chimeras’ knowledge!”

Looking at the books that were piled together, Eli was a little surprised.

A few of the books were greenish-black in color, and there was even some blood vessel-like things on them. They were piled at the bottom of all the junk, just like garbage.

However, when Eli flipped through these, he was very surprised, because the things inside were actually a unique part of the dark Mage’s knowledge, the knowledge of chimeras.

Chimeras were creatures that fused from elemental or flesh creatures. Mages would constantly cultivate them to make them stronger and stronger. They were one of indispensable partners of dark sorcerers.

“I didn’t expect to have such a harvest!” A smile appeared on Eli’s face.

However, it seemed to be normal. After all, the West Coast was once the territory of the dark Magi, and it was not rare for knowledge of dark Magi to appear. However, it still made Eli very surprised.

New knowledge meant new power.

As a Mage who had been left behind, scavenging was his only method to grow stronger.

“When everything has settled down, I’ll train one for fun.” Eli pursed his lips, smiled, and continued to look through the other things.

However, it seemed that his luck had run out, and he did not find anything good.

“It’s alright. The harvest is not small!”

Not to mention the knowledge of chimeras, even the materials and magic stones, were enough to satisfy Eli. At least Kloss was much better than Mason, who had nothing.

Just as he was sighing, there was a sudden knock on the door.

...

Eli turned around. He was in the tower, where Nikola found Vivika, and he was temporarily staying there.

“Who is it?”

Eli found it strange, and he extended his mental power outwards.

Female, first circle, unknown.

After some thought, Eli walked over and opened the door. He didn’t think there would be any danger in the bloodline tower’s territory, not to mention that he was only in the third circle. On the West Coast, there were basically very few dangers.

He opened the door and saw a young woman standing outside with a smile on his face.

She looked very young, with black hair and silver eyes and a pretty face. Although she was wearing a loose robe, it was obvious that she was very well-built and had a good figure.

At this moment, she still had a warm smile on her face, which looked very comfortable.

“And you are?” Eli asked.

“My name is Aisha, and I’m tower master Vivika’s student. My teacher and the others have returned to the bloodline tower. My teacher asked me to bring you to the bloodline tower’s Supreme meeting!” Aisha said respectfully, observing Eli.

He looked very young, with black hair and black eyes, but his eyes were very bright as if they contained endless wisdom. His expression was calm as if he could calmly deal with any accident.

...

She was very curious as to why this person would live in her teacher’s private Tower, and also curious about this person’s identity, as well as her teacher’s invitation to this person to attend the most important meeting.

Who was he?

“What? Is Vivika back?”

On the other hand, Eli was pleasantly surprised. It seemed like he had found a way to obtain mechanical knowledge.