280 Fear

Gada!

Sensing that Eli’s aura had disappeared, Hydra suddenly froze on the spot.

In the next second, his massive body began to flip over, and the other two snake heads darted out as well. They spun in circles as if they were looking for where Eli had gone. But he didn’t find him.

“Gada!”

Hydra was a little confused.

This was the first time he was far away from Eli.

From the moment it was born until now, he had always been by Eli’s side.

It was only after half an hour that Hydra seemed to have recovered from his grief. His gaze also gradually became fierce, and the trace of connection in the air also gradually became clear.

As long as he devoured all the blood-red threads, he would be able to return.

Thinking of this, Hydra felt one of the bloodlines. A large number of shadows slowly appeared on the ground, and his body slowly blended into the shadows.

Then, in the shadows, he advanced quickly.

Time for the hunt.

It didn’t take long for him to reach his first destination.

..

Beside a River.

It was a River that flowed through the mountain range, extending from the north to the south. Beside the river was a large open space, and at this moment, a huge demonic Wolf was drinking water.

The demonic Wolf was about five meters long, covered in silver fur, and there was a lightning-like mark on its head. Its aura was very powerful, and it had reached the middle stage of the third circle!

At this time, there were still dozens of magical beasts a few dozen meters away from him, watching the magic Wolf drink water from a distance, not daring to move a step.

Looking at this scene, the demon Wolf was still very proud.

When he woke up, who would have thought that the Magi of the past had already disappeared, leaving behind only a few weak warlocks. Although he was still a slave, at least he wasn’t enslaved anymore.

The mage World War was much more dangerous than this. He had once participated as a Mage’s slave. That was a true meat grinder. In order to protect their homeland, the Masters of the other world would really risk their lives. Even he had suffered more than a dozen fatal injuries in that war!

At least he could enjoy a happy life here every day. If that wasn’t happiness, then what was? Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

He turned back to look at his men and lowered his head to drink water again!

Soon, he finished the water and was ready to leave.

But when he turned his head, he was stunned.

Where are his subordinates?

At this time, on the original empty land on the shore, his dozen or so subordinates had all disappeared one by one. The wolf was the only one left on the crowded riverbank!

He immediately tensed up and his body tensed up.

He looked around as if he was trying to find out what had happened.

But the next second, he seemed to feel something and turned around.

Behind him, a huge shadow was already like a wave, five to six meters tall. In the shadow, three pairs of eyes were looking at him as if they were looking at a dead Wolf!

The demon Wolf was stunned and prepared to turn around and run.

However, the next second, he felt his body getting heavier and heavier. When he looked down, his body had already fallen into the shadow, and it was getting deeper and deeper!

The demonic Wolf howled in pain.

A few seconds later, the wailing stopped.

After the demonic Wolf died, the Hydra let out a sound, changed direction, and continued to set off.

..

At the same time.

In a campsite behind the mountain range.

This was the Holy tower’s base in the mountains. It was in charge of the dispatch and combat work of the entire magical beast Army. And here, Sancher was in charge.

At this moment, Situ was in a tent. Not far from him was a shelf with more than a dozen blood-red tokens hanging on it.

Suddenly, one of the command medallions shattered, and cracks appeared on other blood-red command medallions. With a cracking sound, it shattered into pieces, and the pieces fell to the ground.

Sancher was stunned for a moment, and then he frowned.

The token represented the dozens of magical beast cores that they controlled. There was only one possibility for it to shatter, and that was death!

“How is that possible? The demonic beasts of the third circle? is there anything in this mountain range that can threaten them?” Sancher shouted in disbelief.

“Every beast slave core is at the third circle. With such strength, what could have killed them in the wild? could it be that the warlocks from bloodline tower sneaked in?”

That was impossible!

Sancher shook his head.

That was unlikely. Even so, how could they find the core beasts so quickly?

Could it really have been an accident?

In the end, Sancher could only attribute the reason to this conjecture.

However, he still had to investigate. He thought for a moment and prepared to get up.

But the next second, another token on the shelf was broken with a crack!

Sancher’s eyes widened as he stared at the frame.

...

His throat moved slightly. Two of them were gone in such a short time. What exactly happened?

He realized that something was wrong.

“No, I’ll wait!” Sancher pondered.

He wanted to wait a few more minutes to see if it would happen again.

As expected, five minutes later, another cracking sound was heard and another token was broken.

The corner of Sancher’s mouth twitched. He had already realized that there was a big problem, and it was a problem that he did not know about.

He had to do something!

He immediately ran to the shelf and took a dozen tokens. At the same time, he ordered all the core magical beasts to gather in the camp and bring their subordinates!

After giving the order, Sancher finally heaved a sigh of relief.

This way, there should be no problem.

He just didn’t know what was going on. Two core beasts had already died.

...

As long as the magical beasts gathered together, could this thing, which was unknown whether it was a human or a beast, directly charge into their camp and kill more than a dozen core beasts?

“Hehe!”

At the thought of this, Sancher was a little amused!

..

Although this mountain range was a small one, the magical beasts would still need time to return after being scattered all over the place. And this could still cause problems.

Sancher, on the other hand, waited silently.

Five minutes later.

Another token shattered.

Another ten minutes later, another one shattered.

Another five minutes passed.

This time, there was finally a third circle core beast that returned, which made Sancher heave a sigh of relief.

Time passed by slowly.

In the blink of an eye, two hours passed.

Sancher’s mouth twitched as he looked at the remaining eight tokens.

There were more than ten of them, and only half of them were left.

Fortunately, the remaining magical beast cores had already arrived at the campsite.

With that in mind, Sancher slowly walked out of the tent. At that moment, eight third-circle magical beasts were standing on the ground outside the tent as if they were waiting for something!

The magical beasts only looked over when they saw Sancher, who was holding a token, come out. They let out roars.

“Is this it?” Santie’s heart was bleeding. In such a short time, they had lost a few cores. Fortunately, as long as one was still alive, they could control the others.

He looked out of the camp.

The camp was located on a mountain peak. At this time, the entire mountainside to the bottom of the mountain was occupied by magical beasts. A preliminary estimate of the number of magical beasts was in the thousands, and there were still many magical beasts on the way.

Sancher was completely at ease.

“So, what exactly happened to them?” However, questions arose again!

Sancher frowned, and a shadow seemed to appear at the corner of his eyes.

Shadow?

Isn’t it daytime?

Where did the shadow come from?

Sancher was stunned. He looked down and saw that all the trees and rocks outside the mountain peak had been covered by a thick shadow. It was like a dark ocean.

Shadows were always accompanied by the unknown and fear. Fortunately, there were still thousands of magical beasts and some of their people gathered here, so he was not too afraid.

“is it the main culprit who killed the magical beast cores? ” He pursed his lips and narrowed his eyes.

At that moment, all the magical beasts saw the shadow and felt a chill. They felt uneasy and roared. A few third circle magical beasts stood up as if they sensed something and looked at the mountain.

It was not a very tall mountain, but at the top of the mountain was a lush and green tree that was dozens of meters tall!

At this moment, a large shadow covered the entire tree. The shadow seemed to be flowing, and a huge body gradually covered the tree. From the shadow, Hydra’s body slowly appeared.

Its huge body was wrapped around a large tree, and its pitch black body was like an abyss. The three heads of the Hydra were looking at the campsite and the seven to eight magical beast cores as if they were looking at their prey!

In an instant, everyone’s hearts trembled!