311 Celestial

However, this pressure did not seem to be enough!

Again!

Again!

Eli let out a low growl, and his Silver Eye once again bloomed with dazzling light. Other than the third layer of silver rings, a fourth silver ring gradually appeared, and at this moment, the silver Eye had advanced to a fourth circle.

The upgraded Silver Eye was even more powerful. In the blink of an eye, his mental power could only see a small dot, and the silver Eye accelerated this process. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

This was normal. Eli’s meditation technique was strong to begin with, and he was well prepared. He even had a silver-white eye. It would be a joke if he couldn’t even reach this level.

As his mental strength was compressed to the extreme, the inexplicable power became clearer and clearer in Eli’s heart.

As time passed, illusory mental energy gradually changed.

A trace of translucent energy gradually appeared.

Eli sensed that power. It was just a trace, but it was more powerful than mental power. Its essence was higher than mental power.

He knew that it was the power of celestial.

And with the birth of this, he understood.

The advancement this time was a success. The next step was to wait for it to take shape.

It could be said that as long as he waited for the subsequent transformation to be completed, he would become a celestial wizard.

At this moment, even Eli was extremely excited.

But suddenly, a dazzling light burst out in his peripheral vision.

Taken aback, Eli dove into his mental world.

In the illusory mental world, the white light pillar that pierced through time was blooming with a dazzling light, and a Grand and distant time aura was emitted.

At the same time, Eli realized.

His bloodline was starting to condense.

In the blink of an eye, the blood in his blood vessels began to jump like a violent spirit. The power of the bloodline in it jumped up and down and began to condense.

This scene was very similar to the process of a warlock’s advancement.

It was wrong!

Eli’s eyes widened.

This was a process that only warlocks would experience when they advanced.

He was going to level up again!

Even though he didn’t quite understand how this could have happened before he advanced, he had a feeling that something unexpected might have happened, so the current incident wasn’t particularly unexpected.

It could only be said that it was an expected accident.

Since he was already here, he would take things as they came.

In the outside world, Eli opened his eyes and immediately took out the unused Comoros potion. He opened it and swallowed it, allowing the orange-red potion to enter his body.

As the potion was consumed, the violent blood flow clearly reduced a lot, and the bloodline began to condense slowly.

Although Eli didn’t focus much on warlock skills, he was still much stronger than warlocks of the same rank, so this step was much smoother.

However, this step was lacking in many aspects, so it took a lot of time for Eli.

Finally, as a blood-red power was born in his blood, Eli finally heaved a sigh of relief. This was the source of the Warlock bloodline!

But in the next moment, Eli lost his calm again.

The moment the bloodline avatar appeared, it was as if the power of celestial and the bloodline avatar were attracted. In the blink of an eye, the bloodline avatar entered the space of consciousness and the two began to merge.

This feeling was inexplicably familiar to Eli.

A moment later, he realized that this was exactly what had happened when he first reached the third circle.

Eli was also in awe!

He was free to do whatever he wanted. In any case, his path to advancement had already ended, and what was next was just the follow-up.

As the bloodline avatar fused with the power of celestial mage, a power that was somewhere in between the two was born once again. However, Eli could sense that this power was primarily made up of the power of celestial mage, with the bloodline as a supplement.

And as the fusion of the two ended, the white beam that had been blooming stopped as well. It returned to its original state as if it had not moved at all. Eli was also very curious as to what it was and what its goal was!

He could only think about it after he advanced!

Advancing to the celestial level was a miraculous process. The first half of the breakthrough was only the beginning, the second half of the transformation was the true essence. In Eli’s mind, he could feel that he had gained something more.

It was something that every mage could get when they advanced.

The celestial body…

As for sensing this change, Eli spent a full day. At the same time, an inexplicable aura was gradually emitted from his body. It was the aura that belonged to the essence of a celestial.

A day later.

Eli opened his eyes again and heaved a long sigh of relief.

He had finally advanced successfully.

The elemental clouds in the sky had already reached tens of miles, and the ground was covered in broken soul crystals, which were sparkling like crystals!

“But my mental power is a little weak now!”

Elie stood up, stretched his body, and looked at the elements in the sky. In the next second, the elements in the sky seemed to be attracted, and they surged toward Eli, quickly replenishing his power.

On the other hand, Eli’s body was like a black hole, absorbing without restraint. His bloodline and even his mental power were recovering at an astonishing speed.

...

It was only when a ray of sunlight shone on his face that he realized that he had already devoured all the elements. Only then did he stop. At this time, his power had already reached its peak!

“It’s over!”

Eli stretched his body and made a cracking sound.