325 The Change of the Era

After a full ten minutes, the third-circle warlock finally adjusted his mentality.

He barely managed to get up and dejectedly advanced in the direction of the bloodline tower.

When he pushed open the door of the conference room, he saw a scene.

There was no sound in the conference room.

Many people were lying on the table with tears flowing down from the corners of their eyes. Some were leaning against the high-back chairs in a daze, staring at the ceiling listlessly. Some were trembling and breaking out in cold sweats.

At the very front, their most trusted Lord Anderson was leaning back in his chair. His lips were chapped and he was mumbling to himself as if he had lost his mind.

Lord Gaido’s death was a destructive blow to everyone.

They had come in high spirits, but now they were in despair.

They understood that the hourglass of time was over.

“It’s true!”

Looking at this scene, the three-circle warlock no longer had any doubts. Two streams of tears rolled down from the corners of his eyes. The return to the west coast, the return to their glory!

All gone!

Once again, he collapsed to the ground.

It wasn’t that his body couldn’t stand up, but that his will had completely crumbled.

..

The Flames of War had yet to reach the core area of the bloodline tower.

But the real war had ended.

On the same day, Anderson ordered a retreat, and the people of hourglass disregarded everything and retreated.

On the same day, the bloodline tower’s Army began to gather. Tens of thousands of warlocks set off toward the North. They only had one goal: to take down the time hourglass and unify the West Coast.

The war had begun!

..

The war between the hourglass and the bloodline tower was different from what he had imagined.

The warlocks of the bloodline tower had to face an environmental problem because of the plateau’s unique environment. The plateau’s environment prevented them from using their full strength, so when the first wave of attacks arrived, the bloodline tower was repelled!

The bloodline tower that had been defeated had set up a new Battlefront in the North with Nikola as the leader. He was happy to take on this task.

The new war was a timely help to Nikola.

A large number of undead finally alleviated his weakened state, and his addition also added new power to the bloodline tower, causing quite a bit of trouble for the time hourglass. After all, the undead wasn’t held back by the environment.

However, after a long time, many people still felt anxious. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

In addition, Eli also sent out Hydra.

The current Hydra was not the same as it was 200 years ago.

Ordinary half-step celestial warlocks were no match for him.

With his help, the bloodline tower broke through the defenses of the hourglass and entered its hinterlands.

The resistance of the hourglass was tenacious, but it was only a matter of time before they lost.

..

A year later.

The bloodline tower had entered the core area of the hourglass.

The holy city was broken through in the hourglass of time, and Anderson was swallowed up by Hydra on the spot. The other higher-ups were killed, and there were more than 100000 warlocks and mortals that were captured.

The hourglass of time had been destroyed.

And the bloodline tower found something interesting.

It was said that after the bloodline tower took control of the city, they came to the prison and found Situ. When they found him, his body had been rotten for a long time, but his hands were still holding the window bars as if he was looking into the distance!

This Warlock, who had once caused a lot of trouble for the bloodline tower, eventually died in prison.

But no matter what, it was all over.

When the flag of the bloodline tower fluttered on the plateau, it meant that this force that had existed for a thousand years after the great catastrophe was also crushed by the wheels of time.

The West Coast was unified.

From then on, the bloodline tower was the sole ruler of the West Coast.

..

“Grandmaster, we’re still sorting out the information from the hourglass. It’ll probably take some time because their book collection vault seems to be very scattered. We need time to search!”

In the wizard Tower, Aisha reported to Eli.

Eli nodded, his heart filled with emotions.

When he first arrived, the bloodline tower was still an ordinary force on the West Coast.

Now that close to a thousand years had passed, it had actually grown to its current level.

It really made one feel emotional.

The Alliance of ten thousand blood, the shadow lizard Warlock Academy, the unicorn Warlock Academy, the Holy tower, the heart of the night, the Harpy, the heart of thorns …

The forces that were at least famous on the West Coast or in certain areas had all disappeared as time passed. Many of Eli’s acquaintances had also left.

He should be able to meditate in peace now.

...

After thinking for a moment, Eli looked at Aisha and said, “The war is over, but there are still many things to deal with. I’ll have to trouble you!”

“Yes, Grandmaster, this is what I should do.” Aisha nodded.

“Oh, right, Grandmaster. In a month, we’ll be holding a grand event for the entire bloodline tower. Would you like to participate? ” Aisha asked, looking forward to it.

To the bloodline tower, the Grandmaster was like a god. If he participated, he would definitely be able to push this banquet to the peak.

“I’m not going. I’m more used to the quiet.”

Eli shook his head and refused.

He usually refused to show off.

“Alright then!” Aisha felt a little regretful, but she still stood up, bowed to Eli, and then turned to leave.

Eli’s gaze was calm.

..

A month later.

...

The bloodline tower’s event began.

The entire area of the bloodline tower was bustling with activity. Countless warlocks walked out of their houses and celebrated this day like mortals.

The ground was filled with people, and there were flying magical beasts in the sky that scattered ribbon-like objects.

On this day, the drinks in the bloodline tower’s area were all free. All the shops had a 30% discount. The remaining losses would be paid by the bloodline tower. For this banquet, the bloodline had paid a lot.

But it was worth it.

It could be expected that after this banquet ended, the bloodline tower’s unity would be greatly strengthened. The benefits outweighed the losses.

As for the loss of money, it was not a big deal. After all, this was their territory. By doing this, they would only be putting money from their left hand to their right hand.

As for Eli, he didn’t go out that day.

He only looked at the lively scene through the window. The lights were flourishing, and he turned to enter the laboratory. He began to try to fuse the time grains with the scepter of Eli.

He was already used to being alone.

He had rarely seen such a lively scene, but so what? it was just a day in his long life. It was slightly different, but that was all.

However, he was still very happy.

At least the environment was stable again, and he could focus on his own things.

He only hoped that the stability this time would last a little longer.

However, this was also unpredictable because the future was always changing.

Even the divination spell could only see a corner of it.

As for what the real future was, there was only one way to know.

That was to experience a look personally.

He was looking forward to that day.