Chapter 35: Purple Irises

Translator: Lonelytree

“The horses are here. I can also take this opportunity to meet count Gimori.”

Eli kept the letter. In this world, the most common means of communication was through letters.

Count Gimori would stay at Moore Manor for a few days every month. If Eli remembered correctly, the count would be in the manor tomorrow, so Eli only needed to go there tomorrow, and he should be able to see the count.

It could only be said that the horse came at the right time.

“I hope the count can help me,” Eli shook his head and walked into the room.

If he really couldn’t rely on the count, then he might have to rely on other channels, but that would be very troublesome and might have unknown risks. He would rather choose to give up.

The worst result would be to take it slow.

He was the one who had the agency.

...

The next day, after renting a carriage, Eli set off for the Moore Manor.

It didn’t take long for Eli to arrive at the manor, and he was led by the manor’s maidservant in the direction of the horse track. This was the same process as the last time, where he was led to the horse track by the maidservant, got his money, and was finally sent back to the city by the manor.

“Let’s train the horse first.” The count would be in the manor the whole day, so Eli was not in a hurry. He planned to meet the Count after everything was over.

Soon, he arrived at the horse track.

It seemed that all the remaining horses had been sent here today. There were a total of thirty horses.

The staff of the stable brought the horses out in batches, and then they were tamed by Eli.

During this process, the horse tamers on the racecourse were also staring at Eli’s movements as if they wanted to learn something. Unfortunately, they couldn’t even understand how Eli trained the horse.

“A natural-born horse tamer!” As they watched the horses being tamed one by one, all the horse Tamers were once again convinced by Elie.

It was around eight o ‘clock in the morning when Eli arrived, and by ten O’ clock, his mission was already completed.

Although there were many horses, Eli was very efficient. Eli could have been much faster to cast his spell in an area of effect, but that would be a little too shocking.

“This is three gold tarls!” As usual, the maid handed the gold tarls to Eli and was about to send him off, but this time Eli stopped her and said, “I want to see the count.”

“Mr. Eli, do you want to see the count? The count is indeed in the manor at the moment, but I need to report to the Butler first and then inform the count. Is that alright?” The maidservant was also a little surprised when she heard this. She hesitated for a moment and said.

“Of course,” Eli nodded.

Then, the maidservant brought Eli to the castle, left him outside the castle, and went in alone to report. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Very quickly, the maidservant came out. Looking at Eli, she said, “the Earl is upstairs, but he might not be able to see you. However, the Butler is there too. You can go in and have a chat with him.”

‘Unable to see me? Could something have happened?’

Eli nodded and then followed the maidservant into the castle.

In the living room, Eli saw the Butler. He was an old man with silver hair, a face full of wrinkles, but bright eyes, and a straight body.

“Mr. Eli, I’m sorry. His Excellency, the count, is troubled by something today, so he might not be able to see you!” The Butler saw Eli coming in and walked over to apologize.

“Butler Helen, what happened? Perhaps I can provide some help.” He knew the Count’s butler, so he asked politely.

“Something did happen, but you might not be able to help.” The Butler shook his head and sighed.

“You haven’t told me yet, so how do you know I can’t help?” Eli smiled.

“Alright, since you want to know, I’ll tell you. But you can’t tell anyone about this!” The Butler was more familiar with Eli now, so he shook his head and started talking about the Count’s troubles.

Count Gimori was a Grand Knight, and he had become a noble by virtue of his contributions. After becoming a noble, count Gimori also started to invest in businesses in order to earn more money.

As his business grew, he naturally needed a bigger backer.

The Gimori family was backed by the Alina family.

However, a few days ago, Marquis Alina had suddenly been poisoned and fallen into a coma. The entire Marquis’ family had fallen into chaos. Naturally, the Gimori family, which was backed by the Marquis, was also greatly affected. Count Gimori was also very upset by this.

“The Marquis was poisoned?”

Eli seemed to have understood a lot in an instant. No wonder Rock Manor had stopped selling purple irises. It turned out that the Marquis had been poisoned.

When the Marquis died, and a new Marquis took over, the purple irises would probably be re-sold.

Eli’s heart was at ease.

As for the Marquis’s death, it had nothing to do with him.

However, the Butler’s next words immediately stirred up Eli’s emotions again. He sighed and said, ” I heard that the Marquis was poisoned when he was patrolling Rock Manor. I don’t know what’s in the manor. I heard that Rock Manor is closing down. It’s a pity that the crops inside might have been destroyed.”

Eli’s eyes widened. How could this be?

If that were true, wouldn’t there be no more purple irises in the future?

Eli pondered, feeling like he should do something.

The Butler was also very depressed. The Count was kind to Eli, and if the interests of the Gimori family were damaged, he would definitely be affected as well. But what could he do?

“Perhaps I can provide some help!”

The Butler raised his head and looked at Eli.

...

In the study, count Gimori sat on a chair. In front of him were the various problems that the family had encountered recently. Ever since the Marquis had been poisoned, the family’s business had been affected one after another.

He was very upset, but he had no choice.

Many famous doctors of the Empire and mystics had gathered in the Marquis’s house to try to detoxify the poison, but they had made no progress. They could only keep the poison from spreading.

At first, he also wanted to find someone to help him detoxify the poison. If he succeeded, then he would have a higher status in front of the Marquis. However, after looking around, he could not find that person at all.

After all, the best doctors in the Empire were either in the mystic academy or the palace.

“Maybe I should give up some of my business.” If the Marquis were really dead, then he would have to think about the future.

Alex, the eldest son of the Marquis family, might not have the ability to control that large family. When the time came, the Marquis’ wife might help to take charge, but he and the Marquis ‘wife did not know each other very well.

“Let’s withdraw the business first.” Count Gimori sat down and thought.

At the same time, there was a knock on the door.

“Come in!” The Count was a little confused. Didn’t he ask the Butler to keep the others outside?

The door opened, and the Butler walked in. He looked at the Count and said, “Your Excellency, someone wants to see you!”

Count Gimori looked over, and at that moment, Eli happened to follow him in. Looking at the count, he smiled and said, “my Lord, I heard that you’ve been in some trouble recently.

“Perhaps I can provide some help.”