382 The Eight-Armed Naga Family’s Response

Three days later.

Glen sent the things over.

There were ten strange-looking fruits, an ancient mage book, and a secret manual.

In the secret realm, on the lawn, Eli was observing these things.

!!

The first was the fruit. Because the fruit tree had to be watered with the manticore’s poison, it could not be moved. However, the fruit was brought back.

Each of these fruits was dark purple in color and the size of a pineapple. Their surfaces were rough and uneven, and they had long tentacles growing on them. They were extremely ugly.

Looking at the ugly appearance, Eli finally decided to experiment on some before eating.

Putting down the fruit, Eli picked up the mage Book.

The outer layer of the Book seemed to be made from the skin of some high-level magic beast. The outer cover was made of mithril, and the surface was engraved with patterns. The inner layer was made of hard paper. There were only nine pages, and they were all blank.

It looked ordinary, but Eli had a smile on his face as he used his mental power to sense inside the book.

A huge amount of mental strength belonging to a Radiant Sun Mage instantly wrapped around the entire book. In an instant, the book floated up and emitted a silvery-white light. Eli felt his mental strength rapidly depleting. In the blink of an eye, a quarter of it had gone down.

Of course, Eli did not panic. As his mental strength drained, he could feel that he was establishing a connection with the Sorcerer Book.

Time passed bit by bit. In the end, his mental power stopped at only one-third of its original level.

Meanwhile, Eli had finally completed the branding of the mage Book.

“A fifth-circle wizard tool called the Almie Book. Its function is to store nine spells of the fifth-circle level or below.” Eli recited the function and name of this weapon, unable to conceal the joy at the corner of his mouth.

In fact, there were many low-level mage Tools that could store mage spells, but they were limited to those below the fourth circle. Celestial mage spells were too powerful to be stored in normal mage tools. Since this book could store nine celestial spells, it had to be very powerful.

“Terrifying, terrifying!”

Eli gasped.

Moreover, this book could be assembled and disassembled. In other words, Eli could separate a page out to give to others. This was good for the Bloodline Tower, which lacked combat power and manpower.

However, Eli had to be careful. After all, if the page went missing, he would suffer a huge loss.

Then, Eli looked at another book beside him.

Nine Levels of Explosive Blood Secret Technique!

If he stored a mage spell that had been amplified nine times inside the book, the spell would be immensely powerful!

“Looks like I need to study it properly!” Eli pursed his lips, took the fruit, and walked toward the laboratory. He needed to check the property of the fruit and the book first.

If it were true, it would be a huge boost to Eli’s combat power.

When he passed through the grassland where Hill was, the place where Hydra used to lie down was also empty.

This was because within the territory of the Manticore Clan, a huge Wind Elemental Ore Vein had been discovered. Hydra immediately flew over and forgot about his master.

” Thank you, Manticore Clan! ” Eli took a deep breath. Everyone had gained a lot from this war.

Once the digestion was completed, the Bloodline Tower’s power would undergo a drastic change.

Soon, Eli arrived at the laboratory.

Three days later.

Eli walked out of the laboratory. After a detailed experiment, he confirmed that the fruit was harmless and that the secret manual was reliable.

Thinking of this, Eli took out a bottle of dark green potion from his pocket. It was made from the ten fruits.

“It is estimated that it can increase my permanent poison resistance by 30%!” Eli shook the potion, and the dark green potion swayed in the bottle.

Shadow Dragons already had extremely high poison resistance. It would be terrifying if the resistance increased by another 30 percent.

Thinking of this, Eli no longer hesitated and swallowed the potion.

Once the potion entered his mouth and throat, it was instantly absorbed by his body’s cells. A change occurred between his cells. This change was not fast, but Eli could clearly feel it. His cells were tougher, and their resistance to poison was higher.

Although this would only increase Eli’s combat power by a small margin, it was still better than nothing. At the very least, he would be able to deal with poison attacks in the future with ease. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Moreover, he still obtained the Nine Levels of Explosive Blood secret technique!

Ely pursed his lips and opened the book.

He began to study.

After learning, he still had to find someone to experiment with!

….

At this moment.

In an area further north of the Manticore clan.

This was a huge swamp. There were only a few plants in the swamp, and most of the creatures liked humidity. The air here was filled with the unpleasant smell of sulfur, and there were many dark green flames floating in the air. At the center of the swamp was a large flat land, which was hundreds of acres in size.

On this flat ground, there were dark Gothic castles everywhere. The towering spire, the towers, and the sparkling seven-colored glass formed the characteristics of this building complex. The castle at the center was also the tallest.

Through the glass, one could see that there were candlelight tables made of gold on both sides. The orange candlelight lit up the interior.

The dark gray tiles were covered with a red carpet, and the castle was supported by pillars. In the middle of the castle were statues of eight-armed snake demons. In the center of the castle was an exquisite oak table, and high-back velvet chairs were placed on both sides. There was no one there.

At the end of the long table sat a man. He had long dark purple hair, and his eyes were deep and cold. He was wearing a thick warlock robe and a golden snake-patterned ring on his finger.

He was the current leader of the Eight-Armed Naga, Hesse Quinn.

At this moment, his deep eyes were looking at the letter in his hand.

” The three areas in the north that are rich in life force have been explored, but no suitable habitat for the Eight-Armed Naga has been found. The west is still searching, and three areas seem to have been discovered in the east and the border of the Holy Tower. One of them is possible to be used as the new breeding ground and the Holy Tower is not interested in fighting for it.

“In the south, the Manticore Family was killed, and the Amina Family took action. There was also a character called Eli in the Bloodline Tower, who played an important role in the destruction of the Manticore Family!”

...

Hesse couldn’t help but frown when he read the information.

Ever since the Eight-Armed Naga’s bloodline cultivation ground had problems, he had ordered his subordinates to find a new suitable place.

Unfortunately, he had yet to find anything.

But the manticore was destroyed instead.

“I remember that place is called the Grassi Land.” Hesse shook his head.

In fact, he did not have much hope for that place. After all, he had only heard that the life aura was very dense and nothing more.

” But he destroyed the Manticore Clan. That means he’s not giving us face. ” Hesse’s gaze was cold.

He took out a piece of paper and started writing.

“Send a peak Radiant Moon Warlock, Marsin Quinn, to investigate the Bloodline Tower and the strength of each Warlock. Prepare the next step of the plan to deal with the Bloodline Tower. Although the Grassi Land might not be suitable, it deserves a deeper inspection.

“And cut off some of the cooperation between the Amina family. This time, this family is the main reason for the defeat of the manticore.”

After José finished writing, he rolled up the letter. A black snake on the table leg had opened its mouth.

...

He stuffed the letter into the black snake’s mouth, and then the black snake slowly slithered out of the castle.

After that, Hesse continued to look at other documents.

Time was running out.

He had to hurry up!