385 Hill

The happiest person to be able to stay in the Grassi Land was definitely not Eli but Hill. The moment Glen said this, Hill’s branches and leaves instantly stood up in the secret realm, emitting a strong sense of excitement!

Sensing Hill’s change, Eli raised his head and said to Glen, “Since it’s done, then bring me to see it.”

“Yes, my lord.” Glen nodded.

The two of them left the mage tower and walked toward the back of the mountain. They soon arrived at the valley.

Following the path into the valley, the secret realm appeared in front of Eli’s eyes again.

The Grassi Land was still the same, but compared to a few months ago, the changes here were too great.

This secret land was divided into two sides by the river. The forest side did not change much, but the plains on the other side had changed greatly.

The entire plain area had been tidied up. The originally large patches of weeds had been cleared and turned into magic medicine fields. Most of the magic plants had been transplanted here. In the center area was a mage Tower. There were also several new laboratories around it.

“Sir, this is the newly built base. What do you think?” Glen asked.

“I’m very satisfied.” Eli nodded. He was already very satisfied with this place as his residence.

“Then, Sir, let’s go in and take a look.” Glen laughed.

“No need.” Eli shook his head. He had participated in many of the details of these buildings, so he naturally knew what was going on inside.

At this moment, as the two of them approached the wizard tower, a figure flew over.

“My lord!” Nikola said respectfully. After these few days, he had already reached the level of stars.

“Your speed is not bad.” Eli nodded.

Suddenly, the soft voice of a mosquito sounded in Eli’s ears. He sensed that it was indeed from the secret realm.

Hill couldn’t wait any longer! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“We are almost there!” Eli pursed his lips, then turned to them and said, “Go back to the tower.”

“Yes!” Glen took a few steps back in confusion while Nikola seemed to have guessed something!

Eli took a deep breath and sent his consciousness into the secret realm. Hill, who sensed Eli’s consciousness, was even happier. Countless branches stretched out wantonly, emitting a life aura that spread throughout the entire secret realm. Clearly, she had been waiting for this day for a long time.

“Sorry for the wait!”

Eli apologized. In the next second, the ground within a dozen meters of Eli’s location began to fly into the sky. Countless roots were exposed, intertwining into a huge ball.

“Out!”

Eli’s eyes lit up.

In the next second, in the outside world, a tree that was nearly 30 meters tall instantly appeared in front of everyone in the air in front of Eli.

It looked like a willow tree, but its branches were longer. Countless branches extending from the trunk, and then countless branches grew out. Countless green leaves grew, emitting a dense life aura that instantly radiated hundreds of meters away.

“What is this?” Glen’s mouth was wide open. Although the tree in front of him didn’t emit a strong aura, the life aura it emitted was something he had never seen before among creatures below the fourth circle.

“She’s finally out!”

Nikola, on the other hand, was filled with emotions. He was the first subordinate to join the Lord, but according to the Lord, Hill’s existence was far earlier than his.

He was also very curious about what interesting changes would happen next.

“Hill, go to the other side of the Grassi Land!” On the ground, Eli was commanding Hill.

Hill was also very obedient. She flew directly to the other side of the forest. During this process, the soil in the forest began to squirm, and the roots of the trees rolled. In the blink of an eye, countless trees made a huge empty space in the center, as if they were welcoming their queen!

Hill landed in the area, and countless roots instantly pierced into it.

“Is that it?” Glen’s eyes were filled with curiosity.

“Of course not!”

Eli shook his head. In his perception, Hill’s trunk was suppressing a huge amount of energy, which had been accumulated over the past two thousand years.

“Wind!” At this moment, Glen raised his hand and felt a gust of wind brush past his fingertips.

” No, it’s the huge amount of wood element that’s driving the air! ” Glen widened his eyes and looked at Hill in the distance.

In the forest, Hill’s height could only be considered ordinary compared to the surrounding trees. However, at this moment, countless green dots floated out from the bodies of these plants and approached Hill. In fact, it was not just these plants, but all the plants nearby, or even further away …

Eli raised his head and looked at the sky. A green ocean was forming. This was formed by the convergence of a large number of wood elements.

Eli’s body quickly rose up, and he looked around from a few hundred meters in the air.

At this moment, in the mountain range of the Bloodline Tower, countless green lights flew out from the plants, covering dozens of kilometers. The other side was no different. Many people were watching this scene in a daze.

“What happened?” A Warlock stood on the city wall and looked up at the ocean-like wood elements in the sky. They were all moving to the back of the mountain in the distance!

” That seems to be the Grassi region! ” A Warlock beside him muttered. The Grassi Land was no secret.

“Looks like something big has happened!”

The other Warlocks felt uneasy. After all, no one knew if it was a good change.

“Is she trying to break through to the celestial Realm?”

Even Eli was stunned by the scene in front of him. He had expected some movement, but he did not expect it to be so exaggerated!

As expected, Hill had been holding it in for so long!

“But it should be about time!”

Eli looked up at the sky. Sure enough, in the next second, he saw the green ocean flowing towards Hill on the ground. It was like the Heavenly River flowing into the human world. It was extremely spectacular.

Meanwhile, the wood elements that were pouring back were gathering directly toward Hill.

The dense wood element that was almost liquefied enveloped Hill and was absorbed by her. Her aura was also rising.

First circle limit.

...

Second circle.

Limit of the second circle.

Third circle.

In just a dozen seconds, Hill’s aura had reached the limit of three rings, and it didn’t stop. It seemed like it was going to continue.

” Hill, it’s about time to stop. You haven’t accumulated enough! ”

At this moment, Eli spoke from afar.

He had been observing Hill’s condition. It was about time for the upgrade to end when she reached the limit of the third circle.

It was almost impossible to break through from the first circle to the fourth circle because they were two completely different levels.

Upon hearing her father’s voice, Hill’s advancement slowly came to a halt. It was obvious that she still listened to her old father.

“This is the limit of the third circle!”

At this moment, Glen was stunned. In just a dozen seconds, a tree had broken through from the first circle to the limit of the third circle. This was a blow to his worldview!

...

“It’s over just like that?” Nikola asked curiously.

“No!” Eli shook his head, his eyes never relaxing.

Although Hill’s aura had changed, her condition remained the same.

The next step was to change her state!

Something big would probably happen again!