388 The Restless Greenfield

Just as Eli was unaware of it.

To the north of the Amina Family!

Green Field!

This was a large area that had long been occupied by foreign races. There were slaves of the mages during the mage era, as well as a small number of native races. The environment there was also complicated and chaotic. There were battles happening every day, and there was no peace.

!!

There were many powerful races there, but one of them could not be ignored.

The Elf Race!

At this moment, in an area of the green field, there were countless tall trees surrounding it. Above the trees were huge nests.

There, the creatures walking were humanoid. Their bodies were similar to humans, but their pointy ears and dazzling eyes showed that they were not just humans. According to human standards, they were very beautiful.

At this moment, in the center of this area.

Thousands of elves had already gathered. They raised their heads and looked ahead.

In the center of the area, an altar stood in the middle, and an old elf stood on it.

She was dressed in simple natural clothes and had a green garland on her head. She looked very old, and her face was covered in wrinkles. She held a brown wooden staff in her right hand.

At this moment, she was looking up with her eyes closed as if she was praying and sensing something!

The elves on the ground watched this scene silently. They were also curious about what had happened.

Just half an hour ago, all the elves suddenly felt their souls throb. It was a secret hidden deep in their blood.

Ten minutes later, the elven priest on the altar suddenly opened her eyes.

Her eyes were green as she looked at the elves. She extended her wooden staff and said,” I sensed the Mother Tree’s aura! ”

In an instant, the elves on the field were in an uproar, and their mouths were wide open.

Thousands of years ago, the elves were one of the strongest races under the Mages because of their protector, the Mother Tree of Life. It was a powerful creature with an eighth circle. It had some influence even in the Mage World, but in that war, the Mother Tree died!

After that, some elves left the mage world while others stayed.

Although the elves could still survive, they were much worse off than before.

Therefore, when they heard the news of the Mother Tree, they were shocked. The Mother Tree was the ancestor of the elven race and the only faith of the elven race!

Everyone looked at the Elven Priestess expectantly, waiting for her next words.

” It’s indeed the Mother Tree’s aura, but it’s much weaker now. I can sense that she’s in the human world, near the southern part of the green fields! ” The elven priest spoke again.

The elves’ eyes turned cold.

“Erwin.” the Elven Priest suddenly said.

An elf immediately walked out from the crowd.

It was a Moon Elf with long silver hair and silver pupils. Her skin was as white as milk, and she was tall and wore black leather armor. She carried a longbow on her back and had a cold aura.

She went directly to the altar and half-knelt as if she was a female general waiting for orders.

” Erwin, lead the elven army to the south and join the battle with the southern forces of the Green Field. Find an opportunity to rush out and find Lord Mother Tree! ”

The priest reached out her hand, and a green leaf slowly appeared before flying toward Erwin.

Erwin grabbed the leaf.

“This leaf will lead you to the Mother Tree!”

“Yes!”

With a determined look, Erwin turned around and walked toward the crowd. The elves on both sides made way for her.

As for the priest, she watched all of this with a deep gaze. There seemed to be some doubt in her eyes.

She had sensed Lord Mother Tree, but there seemed to be a powerful aura around Lord Mother Tree. Moreover, that aura feels vaguely familiar to her.

That terrifying aura reminds her of the once-master of the elves, the mage.

“Impossible, there are no more Mages in this world!”

She shook her head and walked down the altar.

Compared to this, she was more worried about the situation of the elves. In the green fields, the elves were once one of the strongest lackeys of the mage, but now, they were targeted by many parties. The situation was quite bad.

Erwin was only a third-circle elf. It wasn’t that the priestess didn’t want to send out a celestial, but because they were being targeted, she couldn’t afford to send out any celestial elves.

“I miss the time when the mages were here!”

The priestess was from that era, so she knew what the world was like in the past.

But everything was over.

There were no more Mages!

Three days later.

In the temple of the Amina Family, which was the first to bear the brunt of the attack, Selona frowned.

“Sir, the elves seem to be involved in the recent attacks on humans in the Green Field. We have lost a lot of Warlocks!” A Warlock reported to Selona.

“Yes, yes.” Selona nodded helplessly.

They didn’t know much about the situation in the Green Field, but generally speaking, only a few warlike races would expand outwards. Why was the elf race involved this time?

This was not good news for the Amina family.

“Defend to the death. We can’t let a creature from the green fields pass through the defense line!” Selona slammed the table.

“Yes!” The Warlock immediately retreated.

...

After the Warlock left, Selona started to deal with the Golden Cicada Merchant Association and the Charm Mansion.

” Thank you, Sir Eli. ”

He was silently grateful.

….

Eight-Armed Naga Family.

Ancient castle.

” Sir, Sir Marsin Quinn has been confirmed dead. The bloodline lamp in the family has been completely extinguished. ” A Warlock reported.

“Damn it!”

Hesse smashed the table heavily, his eyes cold.

“Have you found out who did it?” he asked.

” I’m not sure, but the last time he appeared was when he entered the Savon Mountain Range. We also learned that a thousand-meter-tall mountain disappeared that day and caused an earthquake. We suspect that it has something to do with him! ” the Warlock replied.

...

” The Savon Mountains is in the territory of the Bloodline Tower. ” Hesse frowned.

He felt that the Bloodline Tower was behind this, but he couldn’t imagine the Bloodline Tower to be that powerful.

“Eli? Could it be this Warlock?” He pondered.

According to his previous performance, Eli didn’t seem to have any particularly powerful battle achievements. The only time he killed a Radiant Moon Warlock was when he had other forces helping him. Especially when he killed Jerre, even the head of the Amina family took action.

But it seemed that Eli was stronger than he had imagined.

At the very least, he was at the peak of Radiant Moon.

“What a big problem! “Hesse shook his head.

“Sir, there is another piece of news.” the Warlock said.

“Speak!”

” Sir, just a few days ago, a powerful life aura suddenly erupted from the Bloodline Tower, and it even triggered a Beast Tide. It’s said that the life aura it emitted was at least a hundred times stronger than normal! ” the Warlock said.

“What?!”

Hesse stood up, and his eyes were wide open as he grabbed the Warlock’s collar.

“Yes, my lord. Many people saw it.” The Warlock didn’t understand why his lord was reacting like this, so he was a little scared.

Hearing the answer, Hesse threw the Warlock aside, and his eyes lit up.

At this moment, he only had one thought in mind, and that was to take down the Bloodline Tower.

They really needed this place filled with vitality. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

” Pass on my order, everyone … ” Hesse was about to tell the Warlock his next plan.

Suddenly, the door in the distance opened, and a female Warlock rushed in, her face full of panic.

“Milord, bad news!” The warlock screamed.

“What’s wrong?” Hesse frowned. What news could be worse than the death of a Radiant Moon?

” Sir, we found out that one piece of news about our family is circulating on the market. It’s spread by the Charm Mansion! ” The Warlock panted heavily.

“What news?” Hesse frowned!

” Sir, it’s about the Bloodline cultivation Land of our family. The news says that there’s a big problem with the Bloodline Cultivation Land of our family. All the actions we’ve been doing recently are to find a new Bloodline Cultivation Land. ” the Warlock said quickly.

Hesse’s heart skipped a beat!

“Impossible!” He knew how much this would impact his family.

“Quickly contact the Charm Mansion and cut off this news,” he said anxiously.

” Sir, I stopped it immediately, but it seems that hundreds of copies of this news have already been sold. ” The Warlock said bitterly.

“We’re finished!” Hesse immediately collapsed on the chair behind him.

” And there’s news from the front line that the Holy Tower has begun to gather their Army. The surrounding forces can also begin to clear out our family’s territory. All places with abundant life force have been protected. ” The Warlock gave Hesse bad news.

Hesse closed his eyes.

He understood that they would be busy for the next few years or even decades. Not to mention taking down the Bloodline Tower, they would probably have some difficulties in defending themselves.

“Who the hell is behind this?”

Hesse gritted his teeth and cursed in pain.