392 Twenty-Five Years of Modification

In the blink of an eye, 25 years had passed.

Outside Bloodline City.

A merchant group was walking on the main road outside the Bloodline Tower. In the center of the merchant group was a huge rhinoceros. On the back of the rhinoceros was a gorgeous tent-like object, and two people were sitting inside.

There was a man with silver hair on his head and a little girl who looked only a few years old.

“Father, is this the Bloodline Tower?” The girl pointed at the city in the distance.

” That’s right. This is the strongest third-grade force in the vicinity! ” The man nodded and looked ahead.

“Father, what are we doing here?” the girl asked curiously.

“We’re here to buy something!” The man explained with a smile.

In fact, he was not the only one. There were countless Warlocks on the road. Some of them came from the South, while others came from other forces. However, most of them had the same goal: to see the richest third-class force in the Western Regions, the Bloodline Tower.

The rhinoceros walked up and down while the man let out a long sigh.

Who would have thought that the Bloodline Tower would have such a grand occasion today?

25 years ago, the Bloodline Tower invented the first potion for apprentice Warlocks. After that, they successively introduced the first circle potions. Although the quantity was limited, it was an unprecedented shock to all Warlocks. After all, besides being convenient, the effects of potions were also several times stronger than directly consuming magical plants.

Later on, with the help of magic potions, they also reached an agreement with the Golden Cicada Trade Union. A large number of magic crystals and resources had entered the Bloodline Tower, making this city one of the wealthiest among the level-3 forces.

“It’s a pity that their alchemical formulas rarely get exposed. I wonder how they make them.”

They were already very close to Bloodline City. When he raised his head, he could see the tall city walls, and there were some silver patterns on the city walls. It seemed to be the array patterns of the mage era!

The man was very curious about the effects of these patterns. He had never seen them before.

Soon, the caravan got off the carriage. After several hours of inspection, they finally entered the city.

Entering the city, the man was completely shocked.

On the main road, the houses on both sides were neatly arranged. The shops were bustling with activity. There was not a single piece of trash on the road, and there were no wandering children in the alleys. This was something he had never seen in any city. This was the first time he had seen such a ” clean ” city.

“Are there no beggars here?” The man seemed a little confused.

” Begging for what? If the children here don’t have parents, they’re basically sent to the academy to learn about potions and alchemy. The adults can also be arranged to farm or do other things. These are all ordered by Lord Eli. ” An old man who was passing by said to him.

“Is that so?” The Warlock opened his mouth in shock.

As the person in charge of the Chamber of Commerce, he had been to many cities over the years. However, no matter which city he was in, he had to be careful of the feces that might appear below and the wild children who stretched their hands out. However, this place seemed to be different!

“Sir, the Magic Potions Department is over there!” At this moment, a subordinate reminded him.

The man nodded and held the girl’s hand as they walked over. Along the way, the man felt the joy of walking freely for the first time.

And just as the old man said, he really didn’t see any wandering children along the way. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The people on the road also had happy smiles on their faces.

“What kind of person is Eli?” After walking down this path, the man was extremely curious about Eli.

It was as if everything had changed because of this man.

He even saw many statues of Eli in the city, and in front of each statue was a bouquet of flowers. It could be seen that the people here really loved this practical ruler!

“I still have one day. Perhaps I will have the chance to visit this lord.” The man suddenly had the desire to see this man.

However, when he arrived at the entrance of the Magic Potions Department, he realized that he might have been thinking too much.

He looked at the thousands of people lining up in front of the Potions Department. He felt that he might have to spend the rest of his journey in line.

He had underestimated the prosperity of the Bloodline Tower.

…

“Twenty-five years!”

In the Grassi Land, in the Tower, Eli stood in the window on the top floor and sighed.

These twenty-five years had been much smoother than he had imagined.

According to the information from the Charm Mansion and the deal with the Golden Cicada Merchant Association, the Bloodline Tower’s rise was much faster than Eli had expected.

Compared to the Bloodline Tower from 25 years ago, they had expanded several times. Their combat power alone was not inferior to that of an ordinary rank three forces. This was what Eli estimated without counting the mage tools and other mage support methods.

At this moment, the Power of celestial in Eli’s body had already reached 230 units, reaching the peak of the Dark Sun.

It was not just Eli. After digesting the souls of the celestial, Nicholas had already reached the peak of Morning Star. Hydra was even more exaggerated. With Eli’s support over the years and the elemental wind resources purchased from the Golden Cicada Merchant Union, he had already caught up. His combat power was comparable to Radiant Moon Warlocks.

There was also Dylan. Eli had put him in charge of the machinery department, which had increased his strength by quite a bit. He was now at the peak of the third circle.

Of course, there were many changes. For example, Alida had also advanced to the third ring, and Glen had actually broken through to the nebula realm.

And …

“Brother Eli, guess who I am? ” A warm little hand covers Eli’s eyes.

“Vivika!”

Eli said helplessly.

“Hehe!”

Eli turned around, and behind him was a graceful young girl, Vivika.

She had long black hair and blue eyes. She had a graceful figure and fair skin. She wore a white dress that revealed half of her calves.

” Brother Eli, Lady Liliana is looking for you! ” said Vivika.

“Yes.” Eli nodded and glanced at the card. “Not bad, you’ve reached the limit of the first circle. It seems that the bloodline of a Tier 4 Wind Spirit Emperor is still very suitable for you, but don’t slack off! ”

With the support of Eli’s resources, it was not difficult for her to reach the limit of the first circle at this age. In fact, she could have broken through long ago. It was just that Eli wanted her to take it slow.

...

“Got it.” Vivika nodded.

The two of them were already familiar with each other. Ely walked out of the room and entered another room. Liliana was waiting for him anxiously.

When she saw Eli come in, she stood up and said anxiously, “Eli, something big has happened.”

“What’s wrong?” The two of them were already very familiar with each other.

” The Eight-Armed Naga and the other forces have reached the final battle. They won. We received news that they are going to attack your Bloodline Tower next!

” There are even third-level forces gathering!

” It’s said that the Eight-Armed Naga sent a powerful Sorcerer at the Radiant Sun level! ”

Liliana looked anxious, and Eli was surprised. He didn’t expect the eight-armed Naga to survive.

Several forces of the same level had failed to defeat the Eight-Armed Naga. It seemed that this force was stronger than Eli had imagined.

” Brother Eli, is there going to be a war? ”

Vivika asked. She was no longer a child.

...

“Yes.”

Eli narrowed his eyes.

The long-awaited rest time was over.

It was time to fight!