398 Eli’s Attack

The battles below the Third Circle were nothing. Celestials were the ones who decided the victory of the war!

In the next second.

Pavao flew towards the battlefield.

The fourteen figures behind him also flew forward.

In the distance, more than a dozen figures from Nightfall City also flew out and flew toward them. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Next was the battle between the celestials!

…..

The Bloodline Tower had a total of a dozen people.

The Bloodline Tower had six members. Apart from Eli, there was Glen, Gerry, Lesina, and two celestials from the affiliated forces. There were five members from the Amina Family, two celestials including Selona, three Nebula Warlocks including Chris, a Radiant Moon Warlock from the Golden Cicada Merchant Association, and lastly, a Warlock that Eli had never expected, Lobelia.

Lobelia arrived yesterday. Liliana had used her resources to ask for her help.

Eli was also a little touched!

Thus, their current faction consisted of four Radiant Moons and seven Morning Stars, while the Akasha family had seven Radiant Moons and eight Morning Stars. In terms of numbers, they could crush the Bloodline Tower.

Thus, the Akasha Family’s celestials looked rather relaxed, but the Bloodline Tower looked rather solemn.

Both sides tacitly flew above the battlefield by a few thousand meters. The Warlocks led by Pavao confronted the team led by Eli!

” Eli, you have no chance of winning today. I can give you a chance. If you join us, I can spare your life! ” Pavao looked at Eli and smiled.

“Oh? Then I think you guys should join the Bloodline Tower. The battle on the ground for your side is really terrible!” Eli replied with a smile.

“If you die today, then the victory of the Warlocks below will be meaningless.” Pavao sneered.

At this moment, his eyes were filled with coldness as he looked at Eli!

“You can try! “Eli smiled.

“Good!” Pavao nodded and turned to the Warlocks behind him.” Gjorj, Newman, you two will fight against Ely together with me. The others will choose their own opponents! ”

“Yes, sir!” The two Full Moon Warlocks nodded.

They still gave Eli the respect he deserved. They chose to fight three against one.

On the other side.

” Master Eli, it seems that Liliana has fallen in love with you! ” Lobelia teased, but her face was full of seriousness.

“Thank you for your help. However, we must be careful in the upcoming battle.” Eli replied.

The others behind him also nodded. Only Hydra’s eyes were filled with battle intent!

At this moment, the many celestials began to disperse in unison. Meanwhile, Eli and Pavao flew higher into the sky, and the two Warlocks followed.

The clouds covered the sky, and the four of them disappeared from everyone’s sight.

As for the celestials below, they directly activated their bloodline avatars.

In an instant, nearly 20 huge figures appeared in the sky, almost blocking the sky. The ground even darkened!

The Akasha Family’s Warlocks transformed into huge red dragons with volcano-like structures behind them, emitting scorching heat. The others were huge demonic bears, huge birds, and tree demons waving vines.

The Bloodline Tower was a mess. Glen transformed into a huge Wind Elemental Lord, followed by a huge Frost Wolf and a huge lizard with a unique color. The Amina Family was more unified, transforming into a huge angel, just like the statue in front of the Amina Family. The Golden Cicada Chamber of Commerce transformed into a huge golden cicada, shining with golden light. Lobelia transformed into a succubus, emitting a unique charm aura. This was the most iconic bloodline of the Charm Residence.

At this moment, the Warlocks had tacitly split up to fight one on one, or one on two.

The battle was about to start!

The faces of many people were also very serious. Even the Warlocks of the Akasha family were very serious.

Although they were in a crushing state, this was a battle between celestials. There was no room for carelessness!

Bang!

However, in the next second, everyone heard a loud explosion. The sound came from above.

Everyone looked up and saw a huge Lava Red Dragon falling to the ground with a wound so deep that one could see its heart. Blood scattered, and its huge body slowly disappeared, turning into a human figure that instantly disappeared from everyone’s sight. It fell to the ground.

The battleground of the celestials instantly froze.

After more than ten seconds, a Warlock said in a trembling voice, “That’s Lord Pavao!”

All the Warlocks ‘expressions changed. The Akasha family’s celestial was confused and dazed.

“How is that possible? Daren was defeated in an instant?”

“It hasn’t even been five seconds!”

No one knew what had happened. In just a few seconds, Pavao fainted and fell to the ground.

If Pavao was like this, then what about the other two?

Everyone looked up.

Above the thick clouds, everyone seemed to hear a painful wail. Then, a red lava dragon and a huge bat fell.

Even worse than Pavao, the two celestials had already lost their life force. In other words, they were already dead.

It had been less than ten seconds since they had flown higher into the sky.

All the Warlocks of the Akasha Family felt their bodies stiffen as if they had fallen into an ice cave!

He raised his head.

In the clouds, a huge shadow dragon poked its head out and looked at them with cold eyes!

The huge shadow dragon seemed to be in preparation for a powerful breath.

...