410 Elemental Hand

Outside the treehouse.

Erwin stood guard outside the treehouse, glancing inside from time to time.

In the wooden house, the various branches of the elves were talking to Lord Eli. Although she didn’t know what they were talking about, she vaguely understood that the elves would probably undergo a huge change in the future.

She hoped it was a good result!

!!

—————-

In the wooden house, Eli and a few Elven Priests were discussing the upcoming problems and some troubles that needed to be solved. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Sir, the biggest problem with the Elven Race’s unification is that each territory is separated. If this cannot be resolved, it will be difficult for the Elven Race to become a unified force! ” The moon elf priestess looked at Elii.

“Yes, this indeed needs to be resolved.”

Eli nodded.

Eli had learned about this from the Elven Priests.

A few hundred years ago, the elves were unified, but later on, due to some reasons, the elves were scattered. A few forces took the opportunity to intervene and occupy several regions, causing the elf territory to be completely separated.

After hundreds of years of changes, these areas were firmly occupied by the alien races.

Therefore, if he wanted to fulfill his previous promise, he had to at least deal with these races first.

“Tell me about the situation. I just came to Green Field!” Eli said.

” Sir, so far, the Dark Elves and Moon Elves have their territories connected to each other. With the Moon Elves as the center, we are separated from the Wood Elves by the Gnolls, the Blood Elves by the Treants, the Flower Elves by the Astral Spirits, and the Light Elves by the Bearmen!

“These races aren’t simple either. They all have the combat power of three or four Radiant Moon Warlocks.”

Hearing this, the other priests also sighed.

The elves of today were much weaker than before. Each branch only had two or three celestials, and the Radiant Moons only had five priests.

Moreover, they were not that young anymore. All of them combined could defeat one force but not all.

Firstly, they could not gather together for a single reason. Secondly, it was indeed very troublesome!

“However, since we want to unify the territory, we naturally can’t separate it. Therefore, we have to deal with these factions.” the Dark Elven Priest said.

” Alright, but it might take some time. It looks like we old bones are going to fight again! ” The light elf priest was an old man and laughed.

“I don’t know, sir. What do you think?” The moon elf priestess looked at Eli, waiting for his decision.

The other priests also looked at Eli.

Looking at everyone’s gazes, Eli pondered for a few seconds before asking a question that confused all the elves.

“Do you know that these races have the remains of mages?”

Hearing this question, the elves looked at each other, and their mouths twitched!

This …

This topic had changed too quickly. They couldn’t keep up!

After a few seconds, the flower elf priest said, “Sir, the Astral Spirits were responsible for the sealing of some items. They have some sealing spells, while the Tree Demons were responsible for purifying some special areas. They have a special purification rune, and the Bearmen and Gnolls are combat units. There might be some remnants of the mage Tool! ”

On the other side.

Eli’s eyes lit up. This green field was indeed a good place. Almost every foreign race had something!

“I’ll help you deal with them,” Eli said, looking at everyone.

“Sir, this isn’t appropriate. Actually, we can take this slow.” The moon elf priest’s mouth was wide open.

“It’s alright.” Eli shook his head and said righteously, “Everything is for the sake of the unity of the elves.”

The few priests instantly sucked in a breath of cold air, and the way they looked at Eli changed.

Lord is benevolent!

“Then when does Milord plan to go?” The Blood Elf Priest asked.

Eli looked out of the window. It was noon, and the sun was hanging high in the sky.

He turned to look at them and said,

“Why don’t we do it now?”

“Ah!” The Elven Priests gaped again. This was too hasty.

The forces of these foreign races were not weak!

As soon as he finished speaking, Eli stood up and looked at the few of them. “Come and lead the way for me!

” As for the Moon Elf Priestess, help me gather all the knowledge of the elves ‘potions. This is also what I need! ”

The few of them stood rooted to the ground after listening to Eli’s words.

Especially the moon elf priestess. She looked at Eli’s eyes and felt that they were glowing green.

“Then I’ll go with Milord.” The Blood Elf Priest said.

“I’ll go too!”

“I’ll go too.”

The Elven Priests decided to go with Eli for his safety.

Five minutes later.

The moon elf priestess and Erwin stood outside the treehouse, staring blankly as Eli disappeared with a few figures.

” Lord Priest, where is Lord Eli going? ” Erwin asked curiously.”

...

“To do something that sounds ridiculous!” The moon elf priestess Yolanda’s mouth twitched. She looked at Erwin and said, “Erwin, come with me to the moon elves ‘secret warehouse!”

“To the secret warehouse?”

“Yes, go and organize the knowledge that Lord Mages once gave us!”

…

On the other side.

Eli and the five Elven Priests were flying in the sky!

“Sir, this is the territory of the gnolls!” The Wood Elf Priest said to Eli.

Eli stopped and looked down.

A large flat area suddenly appeared in the forest ahead. It was covered with gravel and sand. In the center of the area was a building that looked like a temple. In front of the temple stood a huge stone statue of a gnoll. Outside the temple were a large number of humanoid creatures that looked like jackals. These were the gnolls!

At this moment, they were standing not far above the temple. They had already entered the gnolls’ territory. There were already many gnolls roaring and looking at them from the earth.

In the distant temple, fourteen auras erupted. Four of them were Radiant Moons and ten were celestials!

...

“Who dares to behave atrociously in front of the gnoll clan!”

Dozens of figures flew out. Each of them was at least five meters tall and emitted a powerful aura. The giant gnoll in the lead was seven meters tall and wore silver-white leather armor. He also held a huge spiked club in his hand. He was the one who had spoken just now.

His aura was also the strongest among all the gnolls.

The Elven Priests immediately became nervous. They looked at Eli, curious about how Eli would resolve this.

This was a total of more than ten fourth-circle creatures!

However, in the next second, they saw a huge illusory figure rise up behind Eli.

Celestial Body!

The gigantic celestial Body was 150 meters tall and looked similar to Eli. However, it seemed as if countless elements were surging within its body, and the aura it emitted was terrifying.

Eli felt the Celestial Body behind him. In the Warlock world, he could only use his bloodline avatar to fight, but here, he could use the methods of Mages!

“Come on!” Eli lowered his head and looked at the group of celestials before him, a faint smile on his face.

In the next second.

The Celestial Body suddenly raised its hand, and countless elements instantly gathered toward it.

Fourth-circle spell-Elemental Hand!

It covered the sky.

The huge palm was burning with countless light shadows as if it was a giant hand that could destroy the world and tears the void apart!

Eli hovered in the sky above the gnolls. His black sorcerer’s robe fluttered in the wind. At this time, he held the scepter in his hand. His gaze was calm as he looked at the gnolls as if he was a god looking at mortals!

Although this was a fourth-circle spell upgraded from the Elemental Hand, it was still terrifying when combined with the full power of Eli.

The gnolls in the sky were dumbfounded by this terrifying scene.

Therefore, the gnolls felt a fatal threat!

“Let’s attack together and block this attack!”

The gnoll leader’s eyes were filled with fear as he shouted.

The other gnolls also understood the crisis of the situation. Dozens of gnolls howled, and their aura completely erupted. Their bodies almost expanded several times again, and even the leader directly grew to 200 meters in size. The spiked club in his hand also grew in proportion, and he held it tightly in his hand.

He waved his spiked club and let out a furious roar, swinging it at the approaching Elemental Hand.

The other ten or so gnolls also transformed into their hundred-meter-long forms and attacked together.

A total of 14 giants faced the sudden appearance of the huge Elemental Hand. They overcame their fear and roared with the desire for life!

Boom!

The 14 giant gnolls crashed into the huge Elemental Hand. The power of the Elemental Hand suddenly exploded and slammed into the bodies of the many gnolls. They did not stop it. The huge Elemental Hand instantly sent all the figures flying to the ground dozens of kilometers away like an elemental tide that could destroy the world.

Boom!

Another rumble!

Along with a huge mushroom cloud, countless cities within a radius of dozens of miles were swept up, and the aftershock of the elements spread in all directions.

Countless trees were torn into pieces, and a huge pit spread out in all directions!

This process lasted for a few minutes.

When everything dispersed, a huge pit that was more than ten kilometers wide appeared in the distance. There were 14 dead bodies in the pit. Their flesh and blood stuck to the ground like 14 huge flowers of flesh and blood.

The Elemental Hand, the most basic of the fourth-circle spells, was used together with Celestial Body to kill fourteen fourth-circle gnolls in one blow!

Gulp!

In the distance, a few Elven Priests were watching this scene with their mouths agape.

“Are you kidding me? It’s solved just like that!” The wood elf priest’s body trembled. He had never expected that the enemy who had troubled them for hundreds of years would be gone just like that.

” Lord Eli’s strength is too exaggerated. ” The Blood Elf Priest’s mouth twitched.

He had seen Celestial mages before, but he had never seen a spell and that was so terrifying!

No wonder he could be the vanguard of the mage Alliance!

“As expected of a great Magus!” The other priests sighed.

They suddenly felt a little emotional. Fortunately, their lord was the first to contact the elf race!

Eli also put away his Celestial Body. He was quite satisfied with the power this time.

As expected, Magi should use mage spells!

“Congratulations, my lord!” Seeing that Eli had retracted his attack, the Elven Priests congratulated him.

“The gnolls have been dealt with. Let’s go!” Eli said to them with a smile.

“Leave?”

” That’s right. We’re going to the next territory. Of course, we need to be fast! ” Eli asked curiously. He then looked at the wood elf and smiled. “I’ll have to trouble the Wood Elf Priestess to help me clean up this place and then help me collect all the gnolls ‘resources. It shouldn’t be a problem, right? ”

“No problem, no problem!” The wood elf priest nodded, then quickly shook her head.

A faction that had lost its celestial was very easy for a Radiant Moon elf like her to deal with.

She lowered her head and looked. The gnoll tribe was in a mess. Most of them did not even understand what had happened!

The wood elf priest took a deep breath. The gnolls were dozens of kilometers away. In an instant, countless vines grew and surrounded the area.

When she was done, she looked up and found that Eli and the others had already left.

“They appear to be heading towards the treants.”

The wood elf priest shook her head and felt a moment of silence for the treants!