412 Epic Harvest

Eli was counting his harvest in the treehouse alone. At this time, the other Elven Priests, including Erwin, began to unify the elves.

With the presence of the five Elven Priests, Eli did not have to worry too much about this. He calmly counted his gains this time.

Eli took out an interspatial ring. Everything he had gained this time was inside!

Open it!

!!

The things inside instantly entered Eli’s perception!

The first was the gains from the Gnoll tribe. A spiked club and a silver-white armor. They were the things that the gnoll leader had used that day. They were two fourth-circle mage Tools!

The spiked club was a fourth-circle high-grade offensive magic weapon. It could instantly burst out five times its original power, and it had a very strong defensive effect against elements. It should have been refined for high-grade foreign races in the mage era. It also had a low requirement for mental power and could also be used by warlocks.

However, Eli only thought about the scene of him swinging this mace at someone and decisively gave up on this Tool. It was too ungraceful!

However, Eli was planning to go back and study this magic tool. The low mental strength requirement was worth learning. Perhaps he could equip the Celestial Warlocks of the Bloodline Tower with it to increase their combat strength!

Putting down the spiked club, Eli picked up the armor.

But a few seconds later, Eli realized that he was mistaken. This was not armor at all, but a very interesting Tool!

A fourth-circle high-grade mage Tool, the Silver Cloak.

Its main body was a ball of flowing mercury-like liquid that could turn into clothes. However, it could flow freely and transform into various shapes. Moreover, it could also transform according to the size of its wearer. The most amazing thing was that in battle, one could focus on defense in some areas, such as gathering most of the liquid to where one needed it!

This was an excellent Tool!

Although he already had many defensive magic Tools, Ely still put them on immediately, turning them into inner armor to defend himself.

Defensive mage Tools, the more, the better!

He was done with the gnolls. Next, it was the treants!

The treants had very few things. They only had one item, a piece of tree bark that emitted a unique aura.

This was not a simple tree bark. There was a complicated rune imprinted on the tree bark, like a twisted Taiji Diagram.

This was also what Eli wanted. It was a purification rune because the treants used to be ‘cleaners’ for the mages.

Of course, he would need to study it carefully later, so Eli put it away again.

Thus, Eli began to organize the third part, the book left behind by the Astral Spirit race.

When Eli saw the book, he was also very surprised. He did not expect this race to have books!

The contents of these books were about a field that Eli had never stepped into before, sealing sorcery!

It was also one of the few spells that Eli could not imagine!

This information covered many sealing spells from the first to the fifth circle, as well as a sealing spell belonging to the astral spirit race, the Astral Sealing Spell. It was a powerful sealing spell that relied on connecting with the world’s will and then creating a connection. It was one of the strongest sealing spells in the mage’s World.

Of course, this was a special spell of the astral spirits. The astral spirits were born in the multi-worlds, and so they could directly contact the world’s will. If a mage wanted to use this spell, they had to sacrifice a large number of souls through the spell formation.

Of course, there was also a simple method, which was to directly sacrifice one’s life force or soul!

When Eli saw this, he smiled and immediately memorized the sealing technique.

After memorizing this, it was time for the fourth part. The relics of the Bearman Race. Just like the gnolls, the Bearman Race, as a fighting race, only contributed one mage Tool. It was a wristband.

The band was silver and covered with thorn-like patterns. It was only a four-circle low-level mage Tool, but when Eli carved the brand and sensed its effect, he fell silent.

The function of this Tool was a little strange!

This Tool could emit a powerful charm that would cause the surrounding creatures to develop sexual desire. It would even cause some changes in their minds, and it would also strengthen the ability of the owner in that aspect. Moreover, it would also produce a wonderful sense of happiness!

God knows how the Bearmen Clan could have such a strange Tool. This didn’t make sense!

Moreover, in terms of the charm effect, the Silver Eye was more powerful. For Eli, this tool was rather useless. Thus, he carefully put it away. But he was rather curious about the wonderful sense of happiness that the tool could create. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

At this point, Eli had finished sorting out the gains of the four races. However, this was not all because there was still one more highlight.

Potionology knowledge from the elves!

Eli looked down at the final harvest. There were three ancient wooden boxes with some pictures of the elves carved on the surface.

Opening the boxes, there were three boxes full of books, and they were all about Potionology.

Eli casually picked up a book titled ” A Small Technique for Potion Concoction-Water Training Method! ”

Flipping through was a skill that Eli had yet to master, and it was very practical.

Another book.

” A Celestial Mage teaches you how to become a Potion Master. ”

What an awkward name. However, Eli still flipped through it. Reality proved that the books that were kept in the elves’ collection were indeed very valuable. This book actually systematically introduced some ideas, as well as some potion formulas. It was a very good supplement for Eli!

Putting it down again, Eli continued to flip through the other materials. He quickly skimmed through them and gained a lot.

Compared to the fragmented knowledge that Eli had read in the past, these books were basically very systematic.

” Sun Potion and Eternal Night Potion. ” Ely looked down at a book called Clyde’s Potion Notes. His eyes lit up when he saw the two potions.

The two potions were the ones that Eli had been looking for these past few days. He could find magic plants, and they were suitable for him.

The Sun Potion was suitable for the Corona stage, while the Eternal Night Potion was suitable for the Radiant Sun stage. The ingredients for both potions were actually very complicated and high-level. There were basically no ingredients below the fourth circle, but they could be evolved from low-level plants. In short, Eli could find a way to cheat.

In fact, these two potions should be used by Mages when they break through, but they could also be used normally. It was just that it was difficult to gather the materials.

Of course, this wasn’t a problem for Eli.

It could be foreseen that Eli’s strength would begin to grow rapidly again!

“Awesome!” Eli took a deep breath, feeling extremely carefree. The Green Field was indeed a treasure trove!

” Moreover, the elves are very good at concocting potions. The potion department of the Bloodline Tower can also start operating! ”

...

Eli took a deep breath and suddenly felt a little expectant.

The Greenfield dungeon was temporarily over. It was time to go to the main storyline!