Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

413 A New Source of Faith Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Three days later!

Eli received a piece of good news, which was that the elves had basically been unified.

After giving Eli a signal, the moon elves and the other elf tribes began to migrate. It was only then that Eli learned that this wasn’t the original territory of the elves. The original elf territory was in the center of this area.

Another three days!

!!

In the vast forest, the moon elves were advancing. There were thousands of elves.

Each elf was carrying a large number of supplies. Behind the group, there was a long line of huge elk helping to transport them. This was a small race nearby. At the center of the group was a huge carriage made of countless flowers and trees, pulled by an even larger elk.

In the carriage, Eli sat in the middle, with Erwin and Priest Yolanda sitting on both sides.

Erwin had delicate facial features and fair skin. She was wearing a light green muslin dress and a crown inlaid with beautiful gems. She was holding a gorgeous scepter in his right hand. She looked more heroic and noble.

” Not bad. At least you have the aura of a queen. ” Eli joked with a smile.

“My lord!” Erwin’s cheeks turned slightly red as she tried to refute.

“Hahahaha!” Looking at Erwin’s expression, Eli first laughed out loud, but then there was an inexplicable sadness in his heart!

He thought of Anna of the Bryne Empire. That was how she was sent to the position of the queen by Eli!

In the end, because he was trapped in the Shadow Dragon’s secret realm, he did not even see her for the last time.

Erwin and Yolanda, on the other hand, watched as Eli’s mood suddenly sank. They didn’t dare to speak and waited silently.

After a full ten seconds, Eli smiled again and looked at the two of them. “I’m sorry. I thought of some people I haven’t seen in a long time!”

“Indeed.” Eli nodded and smiled.

Eli only spent around a hundred years at Bryne, but it had the most profound influence on Eli. It could be said that his most basic worldview and other thoughts were formed and sprouted at that stage!

Those people had indeed left a deep impression on him!

“Milord, we’re here!” The Moon Elf Priestess suddenly said.

At this moment, Eli also sensed the moose carriage that had stopped. Then, his consciousness passed through the carriage and sensed outside.

At this moment, they arrived at another forest. Among the towering trees, there were many elven buildings. These buildings were very standard elven style, very beautiful and exquisite. At the center of the forest was a beautiful building that looked like a human palace.

It was a towering tower with a beautiful glass of various colors, and most of it was white.

Many elves were still cleaning up the palace, and their slightly different appearances from the moon elves meant that they belonged to other elf branches. Eli and the others were the latest to arrive.

” Sir Eli, a few Elven Priests are already waiting! ” Erwin smiled.

“Good! “Eli stood up. His body began to change, and so did his face. In the blink of an eye, he had turned into a golden-haired, blue-eyed man!

“Sir, what are you doing?” The Elven Priest asked in astonishment.

Elu turned to the two of them and said calmly, “My identity has to be kept a secret, at least here!”

“Alright!” The two elves looked at each other and nodded.

Since Eli wanted to circle between humans and non-humans, he naturally couldn’t use the same identity.

“Then how should we address you now?” Erwin asked curiously.

” Roland, Mage Roland! ”

Eli answered with a smile.

Decades after the Herman ID went offline, the old ID took over!

Facing the sunlight, ” Roland ” led the two of them out of the carriage and toward the elven palace in the distance!

They walked among the elves. Eli walked at the front, and Erwin and Yolanda followed on both sides!

Along the way, the elves looked at the three of them, especially at Eli, who was at the front.

After a few days of spreading the news, a piece of news had also spread among the elves. It was that the lord of the mage Alliance had returned. It was with his help that the elves were unified again!

Along the way, the elves looked at him with curiosity and respect. He could even feel the power of faith from them. For elves who could live for hundreds of years, 4,000 years was obviously not enough to erase their respect for wizards.

Eli’s strong will allowed him to easily ignore all this. Soon, he was led to the Elf Palace by the others.

At this moment, there was a huge and gorgeous white stone throne in the palace. On the empty throne stood a few Elven Priests. They had obviously been waiting for a long time.

The Elven Priests were stunned when they saw Eli’s unfamiliar face.

” This is Sir Eli, but we have to address him as Sir Roland from now on! ” Erwin reminded.

At this moment, the others finally understood. Then, they said respectfully to Eli, “Lord Roland!”

” It’s good that everyone is here. ” Eli smiled and said softly, ” I have a few things to discuss with everyone! ”

The Elven Priests looked at each other. At this moment, Eli had already sat in the center seat and said, “Everyone, please take a seat!”