430 Spatial Teleportation

Moreover, it could save a lot of travel time, save efficiency, and increase profits!

“Looks like I have something to do next!”

Eli pursed his lips. He had always been interested in unknown knowledge, not to mention this kind of useful knowledge.

He first put away the other items, then took the stone tablet and returned to the mage tower.

!!

….

A week later!

In the laboratory!

Eli stood not far away, looking at the ground in the middle of the laboratory.

On the ground, a huge stone slab floated in the air, and there were a few mechanical pillars standing around it. At this moment, tentacles formed by elements extended out and connected to the various nodes of the stone slab spell formation.

He calmly walked to the control panel at the side and pressed the switch. The elemental tentacles lit up to charge the spell formation. The spell formation instantly emitted a bright light, and even the surrounding space rippled and spread in all directions, accompanied by a buzzing sound!

He stood not far away and watched calmly. Through the light, he saw more details, including the meaning of the runes and the specific arrangement of the lines. These were the details he needed to understand!

The light lasted for more than ten minutes, and Eli also observed for more than ten minutes. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

It was not until the experiment was over that Eli rubbed his eyes and shook his head.

” This is already the fifth experiment. There are no problems in other aspects, but I’ve never come into contact with spatial runes. I can’t understand them! ” Eli frowned. He had never touched upon spatial runes before. There were some runes that he could not understand at all.

At this time, many years of experimental experience quickly gave Eli a few solutions.

“One is to replicate these spell formations step by step through experiments and then figure out the functions of these spell formations. The second is to find relevant information and then perhaps find some clues. The third is to directly use this spell formation once and observe the details inside it!”

But soon, Eli rejected the first two.

The first one relied on his own copying. Each rune had at least hundreds of ways to be used, and there were probably hundreds of thousands of combinations. Although he did not lack time, it did not mean that he was willing to spend a lot of time on such repetitive work!

He was still in a period of rapid improvement in his strength, and there were still many existences that could threaten him in the central continent. His main focus was still on improving his strength. Of course, if it was in the past in the West Coast, he could still let the Mages in the Mage Camp slowly deal with it. However, the central continent did not have the conditions, and the Warlocks could not carry out this kind of operation.

The second was to search for information!

Of course, this was a good idea. However, the possibility of him finding such information was very low. He searched through Jesse’s soul and saw nothing.

Moreover, the need for the spatial spell formation was also very urgent. Therefore, although it seemed that Eli still had a choice, he actually only had the third option.

“Do I have to use it directly?” Eli pursed his lips and looked at the spatial spell formation in the distance!

He could activate it if he wanted to, but there was only one spell formation. If there were two, he could establish a two-way connection and teleport to the other side. However, there was only one, a one-way teleportation formation. Who knew where he would be teleported to!

If he accidentally ran to another domain, it would be troublesome.

“No, it’s not advisable to take the risk!” Eli rejected this idea. He was an immortal. How could he be in such danger?

However, if that wasn’t the case, how could he replicate this spell formation?

Eli frowned and lowered his head in deep thought.

Twenty minutes later.

Eli raised his head, and his eyes lit up. He had thought of a solution.

“Since I can’t do it myself, what if it’s not me?” Eli pursed his lips and thought of a solution.

For this experiment, he decided to pay a certain price. Since he did not know how to do it, why not let his clone do it?

In any case, the clone was connected to his will. At least, he could communicate with it at the beginning of the teleportation. Then, the clone would be teleported. After the teleportation, if it was still within the range that he could contact, he could naturally retrieve it. However, if the clone were not within the range that he could contact, it would directly turn into pure faith power and fuse into the void!

He had obtained enough power of faith in this war. Just the power he had obtained so far had already filled up the third mark. Moreover, there would be an endless supply of power of faith for a long time to come. In general, he did not lack the power of faith now.

It was not a problem to take some faith to condense a clone for an experiment.

Moreover, if he was just observing, he would need to spend less faith power.

“A good idea!”

Eli slammed the table and decided. Then, he looked at the spell formation not far away. If this was the plan, then he still needed to make some adjustments. Some simple adjustments, and then he should be able to start the experiment in three days.

Two days later!

It was still a familiar location. The spell formation did not move, and the surrounding equipment had also been adjusted. ” Eli ” was already standing on the spell formation.