Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

549 The Frightened Liches, Lich King David

At the extreme north!

At noon, the sun shone down, but it could not change the environment at all.

In the ancient castle in the cold wind, the Lich King sat in front of a long ice table. On both sides sat the Bone Dragon Lich and the Calamity Lich. Further down were the Liches of the Thousand Leaves and Divine Tree.

No Lich spoke, only the whistling of the cold wind passing through the holes in the Lich’s body!

“Why isn’t anyone talking?”

A calm voice rang out, waking up many Liches.

Everyone raised their heads and looked at the tall Lich at the front. It was the Lich King.

” Sir, please don’t joke around. The most important thing now is to think about how to deal with Eli and confirm if he has any way to restrain us.” The Bone Dragon Lich sighed and said.

The Bone Dragon Lich’s words were like a switch, and all the Liches present began to worry.

“Indeed. If it’s true, then we’ll be in big trouble!”

“How did this happen? I was just testing them, but in the end, we were restricted. At least only one of the few people I developed came back. The others died, and a few phylacteries were in my hands. I watched as their souls gradually rotted.”

“What should we do?”

The Lich King frowned when he saw everyone’s worried expressions.

Even he felt troubled.

The Lich’s immortality and the secret of immortality were their strongest techniques, but Eli actually had a method to restrain them. Although he was not sure if it would be effective against high-level Liches, the threat was real.

“Everyone!” Suddenly, he coughed and said.

Everyone looked over.

” According to my observation and research, the Black Fog should be related to the Black Fog of the world fragment at the periphery of the world. Although I don’t know how he mastered it, it is essentially a law. As long as we are stronger than the law, it can be crushed. It can’t be said to be a restraint, but it can pose a threat to the phylactery. It is equivalent to losing a way out. It is a threat overall, but it is not fatal!

“We only need to be stronger than him.” the Lich King said slowly.

The Liches nodded in agreement.

However, a few seconds later, the castle fell silent again. Although that was the truth, killing Eli was not an easy task. After all, it was Eli.

“Sir, if that’s the case, then I’ve thought of a way.” However, a few seconds later, the Calamity Lich spoke up. His true form was a giant elephant, and his two tusks were emitting a cold light.

“Oh?” Everyone looked at him.

“Therefore, we naturally can’t take this risk. However, we know that in the outer layer of the world, there are actually some old fellows hidden in many world fragments. Most of them have a vague relationship with the former Warlock Alliance or belong to individual forces, but most of them have fallen into a deep sleep.

“If they join forces, their power might even surpass that of the Bloodline Alliance. If we can wake them up and make them join forces to deal with Eli, even he will definitely die!”

“Then what price do we have to pay? After all, they are essentially humans.” The Bone Dragon Lich asked in a buzzing voice.

“Hehe, those old fellows used to be supported by the Warlock Alliance and its forces to maintain their existence. However, ever since the establishment of the Bloodline Alliance, this was cut off. Therefore, the living environment of those old fellows is very poor. Even if we don’t urge them, they will make a move sooner or later.

“As long as we promise to give them the Bloodline Tower after they kill Eli, I believe they will be eager.” The Lich chuckled.

“Isn’t this destroying an enemy to create an even stronger enemy?” A Lich questioned.

“Hehe, do you think that there will be no losses in the battle between the two sides? Moreover, our forces have expanded and strengthened by several times. We have attracted countless liches. According to our previous plan, as long as we devour one more wave, everyone’s strength will soar again.” His sharp tusks swayed as he looked at the Liches and laughed.

The Liches on both sides also smiled.

Other than the Liches present, the Liches in the Bloodline Tower’s territory probably thought that they were just creating trouble for the enemy.

That was only the first reason. The second reason was to absorb these Liches and make a leap in strength.

“But the final decision is up to you, sir. What do you think?” At this moment, the Lich looked at the Lich King, who had been silent all this while.

“Yes!”

The Lich King slowly nodded in agreement.

..

“It’s over. I can continue my experiment!”

In the Wizard Tower, Eli looked at Alida’s back as she left and then pondered.

At this time, the lich disaster was almost over, and it had entered the post-war comfort period.

” However, the losses this time are still too great. Even though I killed a large number of Liches, a considerable number of Liches still escaped. The total number of deaths is in the tens of millions.” Eli shook his head.

Moreover, he had a feeling that the Lich Tower’s plans were not as simple as they seemed.

“I need to be stronger.” Eli pursed his lips.

His instinctive caution made him feel that his strength was still not enough and needed to be further strengthened. However, it was almost impossible for his strength to increase greatly in a short period of time.

“Unless a wave of Warlocks comparable to the Warlock Alliance’s fifth circle attacks me, but how is that possible? There are those old fellows in the outer world, and their total number might even surpass that of the Warlock Alliance. However, each of them is more secretive than the last, and no one is leading them!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Eli shook his head, feeling that this idea was too unreliable.

It was even more unreliable than completing the bloodline evolution within a hundred years.

“Forget it. We’ll take it one step at a time.”

Shaking his head, he returned to the secret realm.

Feeling the time world fragments around him becoming more and more tense, he understood that he had to use this precious place quickly. It might collapse at any time!

..

Outside the world.

Outside a hidden world fragment.

The Bone Dragon Lich and the Calamity Lich stood side by side, looking at the trembling Warlock in front of them.

“You’re one of the remaining peak Thousand Leaves Warriors of the Warlock Alliance, right? We have something to discuss with you!” The Lich chuckled.

“What exactly are you doing?” The Warlock looked at the two of them, and his expression turned ugly.

“This is a great thing for you. You don’t mind if we go in and talk, right?” The Bone Dragon Lich asked.

“Alright.”

The Warlock nodded helplessly. He had no doubt that if he did not agree, he was afraid that the two of them would attack him directly. He could sense that he was not their match!

Soon, the three of them entered the world fragment.

A day later.

The three of them came out again, but the Warlock’s face was filled with joy.

“According to our agreement, as long as the Warlocks can kill Eli, we won’t invade the Bloodline Tower’s territory for 200 years. If you are an old fifth-circle Warlock, we can help him transform into a Lich.” The Bone Dragon Lich briefly repeated the contract that they had signed a while ago.

“Good!” The Warlock nodded, unable to hide his joy.

He had never expected that the opportunity to revive his family would suddenly appear in front of him.

The Lich Tower was responsible for uniting the Warlocks, and all they needed to do was to work together to kill Eli. Although this process was not simple, the benefits after that were too great.

Whether it was the Bloodline Tower’s territory or even turning into a Lich.

Of course, he understood that this was a scheme, but he had no other choice.

Seeing the joy on his face, the two Liches had mocking expressions on their faces. So what if they gave them 200 years? Moreover, there were many Warlocks who had reached the end of their lives. It might even be close to 70%. At that time, there would definitely be many Warlocks who would choose to transform into Liches.

Once they transformed, the newly established forces would instantly be greatly reduced. Coupled with the 200 years of development, the Central Continent would still be under their control. Moreover, they had also eliminated their dangerous enemy, Eli.

Big profit!

Of course, he couldn’t smile too happily. It was a little disrespectful.

The two of them put away their expressions and turned around to head to other areas.

The Warlock took a look and flew to another area. He had to contact the other Warlocks as soon as possible.

Before flying, he seemed to be still worried. He took out the contract that he had just signed and looked through it line by line. It was not until he saw his name and his partner’s name at the end that he nodded in relief.

He retracted it and sped up again. He only turned around to look at the Warlock World and sighed,

“I didn’t expect the dignified Lich King to have such an ordinary name… David!”