59 The Deal

The boy’s throat moved slightly, and cold sweat dripped from his forehead.

What just happened?

In just a moment, before he could even react, the dagger had already disappeared from his hand. In the blink of an eye, he turned from a criminal to a hostage as if it was a dream.

However, the coldness of the dagger told him that it was not a dream.

Everything was real.

“Tell me, who are you? Why did you barge in here?” Eli was smiling like a gentleman.

“I ran out because I didn’t pay at camellia lane, and then they sent people to chase me.” the boy’s voice trembled. He knew that at this distance, even if the man in front of him was an ordinary person, he could easily kill him.

“No, you’re lying!” Eli shook his head, and stars appeared in his eyes. He glanced at the boy and said, “no, other than your trembling muscles and unnatural facial expressions, if I’m not wrong, your body is very clean. You’re a virgin. ”

With just one look, the boy felt as if he had been seen through from head to toe.

The first half of the sentence chilled his heart, and the second half made him widen his eyes. Even though a sharp dagger was placed on his neck, he still gritted his teeth and said, “Alright, I’m sorry for lying to you. But I’ll just say this. I’m not a virgin.”

“Ha!” The voice was low but extremely insulting. “tell me about your situation. my patience is limited.”

The carriage was moving along the streets in the evening.

The boy glanced at Eli. Although he didn’t know why, he could tell that Eli wasn’t lying to him, so he slowly said, “My real name is Aria Kazan, and my father is the owner of the Kazan Chamber of Commerce.”

“Kazan chamber of commerce? it sounds a little familiar.” Eli frowned, feeling as if he had heard this name before.

“The Kazan chamber of commerce is the largest chamber of commerce in the Lorraine kingdom. Its herb and perfume business is the largest in the kingdom.” Aria reminded.

“You’re the son of the owner of the Kazan Chamber of Commerce. Then why are you being hunted down? Don’t tell me your father doesn’t know?” it was strange, but from Aria’s expression, he was not lying.

“That’s because my father died, and my uncle joseph secretly used his former power to obtain the support of two-thirds of the people in the chamber of commerce and took over the chamber of commerce. ” aria said through gritted teeth.

“Then why did he still want to kill you when you didn’t have the ability to resist? ” Eli was a little curious.

“Because my father left the title deed to the chamber of commerce to me. That’s why he wants to capture me. ” knowing his situation, Aria did not dare to lie.

“Let me go. If I take back my rights to the Chamber of Commerce, I will definitely repay you.” Aria was agitated as he looked at Eli with a sincere gaze.

“You think you still have a chance?” His sharp mind allowed him to quickly analyze the situation, but he didn’t think Aria Kazan could take back the Chamber of Commerce.

On one side was a large Chamber of Commerce with many people, and on the other side was Aria Kazan, who was alone.

No matter how he looked at it, it didn’t seem reliable.

In fact, when he heard that Aria was the son of the owner of the Kazan chamber of commerce, he was a little surprised because the Kazan chamber of commerce could solve the purpose of his visit.

However, he immediately understood that he had just met an abandoned child.

This time, Aria was silent.

If he could really take back the chamber of commerce, he wouldn’t have been chased so badly. If it wasn’t for the carriage that suddenly came, he might have been caught.

A few seconds later, he said, “Actually, I still have a chance. As long as I can get the support of the major nobles behind the chamber of commerce, I can take it back. Not all members are traitors. There are people I can trust. ”

Every large chamber of commerce had nobles behind them, and it was because of their support that the chamber of commerce could operate better.

” But why do you think that the great nobles behind the chamber of commerce will support you? To them, I think it makes no difference whether you or Joseph is the leader of the chamber.” Eli shook his head. Aria in front of him was as innocent as a child.

“No, the aristocrat behind the Kazan Chamber of Commerce is different. She is a real top aristocrat. She doesn’t care how much profit the Kazan Chamber of Commerce can bring her. In fact, the only reason why the Kazan Chamber of Commerce can get her support is because of our perfume production. The Chamber of Commerce has the best perfume in the Empire.

“She’s a perfume fanatic, and as long as I can come up with a better perfume, I can get her support.” Aria hesitated for a moment and then said more.

“Perfume fanatic?” eli raised an eyebrow.

This world was getting more and more ridiculous.

But it was also normal. If she didn’t care who provided her with benefits and only wanted the perfume, then it seemed that if Aria Kazan could come up with a better perfume, he could really get the support of this noble.

The way Eli looked at him suddenly changed.

If that was the case, Aria Kazan had great potential value!

He wanted to invest in this project.

“Do you have a better perfume?” Eli asked with concern, his dagger still on Aria’s neck.

“No, I don’t,” Aria was really silent this time.

Eli, “...”

As expected, he shouldn’t have trusted this kid.

However, if he could help Aria Kazan obtain the chamber of commerce, then many of Eli’s problems could be easily solved, whether it was his material problems or Roland’s.

He didn’t know how to make perfume, but it was possible if he used his Wizard Power.

“Sir, I’m really sorry. If you’re willing to let me go, I’ll take back the Chamber of Commerce in the future. I’ll definitely...” Aria’s eyes were sincere as he pleaded. He was really afraid that Eli would kill him with a knife.

“Of course.” What Aria didn’t expect was that this time, eli actually smiled and said.

Aria’s eyes widened, and he was about to thank him.

“There’s no need to thank me so quickly. How about this? I want to talk business with you.” Eli looked at Aria, his gaze softening.

“What business?” Aria was a little shocked.

“I can provide you with better perfume to help you take back the chamber of commerce. However, according to the principle of equivalent exchange, you have to pay me back something. ” Eli said with a smile.

Aria was completely confused.

“A better perfume?”

If it weren’t for the dagger on Aria’s neck, he would have laughed out loud. The Kazan chamber of commerce made its fortune with perfume, but the man in front of him said he could produce a better perfume. Was this a joke?

“Yes,” Eli nodded again.

Aria wanted to reject him, but looking into Eli’s eyes, Aria felt an inexplicable attraction, as if he wanted to agree with him subconsciously.

He was already in this state, what else could he lose?

What if Eli really succeeded?

“Alright!” Aria nodded.

“Then what do you want in return?” Aria asked.

“You’ll know when the time comes.” eli smiled but did not reply this time.

“I’ll come and find you in three days. ” Eli patted Aria’s shoulder and handed him the dagger. “I’ve arrived. You should leave.”

The carriage had already arrived at the casino. Eli patted Aria’s shoulder and got off the carriage.

Aria looked at the dagger in his hand and was stunned.

He took the opportunity to run out of the carriage when the coachman stopped the carriage at the back. He ran in another direction, determined the direction, and decided to find his aunt, whom he believed in.

However, he suddenly stopped on the way. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“He didn’t tell me where to meet in three days, did he?”

On the way, Aria blinked and felt that he had met a strange person.