73 Weiss’ Legacy

The team arrived at Jun Lin at midnight!

So when they arrived at the city, there was no one else other than a team of soldiers and some nobles ‘ servants to welcome them.

As for Eli and Clement, they asked the carriage driver to send them back. As for the rewards, or if someone wanted to see them, that would have to wait.

Soon, with the sound of horse hooves, Eli returned to his house. The pitch-black house stood in the darkness, and the vines clinging to the railings told Eli that everything was normal.

Eli asked the coachman to carefully move the box down, then asked the coachman to help move it in.

“Yes, sir, of course!” The coachman nodded and looked at the house. He felt that the darkness was particularly terrifying.

He carried the box and walked into the small courtyard.

Whoosh!

He seemed to hear something crawling and making a series of rubbing sounds.

The coachman’s heart beat even faster. He glanced around and found some small animal corpses under the vines not far away. He couldn’t help but become more afraid.

“Just move it here.” Suddenly, Eli spoke.

The coachman immediately put down the box and ran out of the yard. He then got on the carriage and left.

“What’s the matter?” Eli shook his head in confusion, looked at the vines, and came to a sudden realization.

He had been away from home for three months, but he had not fed the vines.

However, these were all small problems. He would think about it tomorrow. Eli couldn’t wait to see what was in the box!

He took the box into the laboratory and closed the door. Eli opened the box.

In an instant, the contents of the box were displayed before his eyes.

There was a crystal ball and three books.

It was definitely a great harvest.

There weren’t many things, just books, and a crystal ball, but it was enough to surprise him.

Eli immediately picked up the books. The three books were ‘Warlocks’ bloodline choice’, ‘advanced potionology’, and’ advanced alchemy’.

When he saw the names of the three books, Eli’s mouth was wide open. These were all stores of knowledge. They were all that he lacked the most, what he wanted the most.

He first picked up advanced potionology and immediately flipped through it.

In an instant, looking at the familiar yet higher level of knowledge in the book, Eli trembled in joy. Be it the special techniques recorded in it or some new potions, they all made Eli feel as if a new world had been opened up.

Eli read through it hungrily and only reluctantly stopped after two hours.

He had almost forgotten about today’s mission. He had to sort out these things first!

He then picked up the other advanced alchemy book and carefully read it. He was also very surprised because he saw how rough his original technique was.

Every mage had an instinctive pursuit of knowledge, and even Eli was no exception.

To him, the harvest this time was far more precious than a Chamber of Commerce.

“Oh, there’s one more.” as if recalling something, Eli picked up the last book.

Regarding this book, Eli was really curious.

Saleen Metatrin’s notes had very little information about the future of a first circle sorcerer, so it appeared like bloodline warlocks were part of it.

He didn’t know much about bloodlines.

He flipped open the book.

He found that there were all kinds of bloodlines, their advantages, and disadvantages, as well as a comparison, how to choose the most suitable bloodline, and what bloodline to integrate when advancing!

Bloodline integration?

When Eli saw this line, he had a strange expression on his face. What did this mean?

Wasn’t advancing one’s mental strength the only requirement to progressing as a mage? Why did he still need bloodline integration?

That was not what Saleen Metatrin’s notes said.

Could it be that there was a problem with Saleen Metatrin’s notes?

Eli had a headache.

He was filled with doubts. If that were the case, would he have to give up his mental power as a mage to specialize in bloodline integration?

But would mages really do that?

Wasn’t this a complete violation of the mage’s principle of putting mental force first?

Also, if that were the case, the path of a mage would be too narrow. Eli even suspected that he would only be able to use the power of the bloodline if he chose this path. To a mage, this would be a complete weakening.

Was there no other choice than to become a blood mage?

“It’s really strange!” Eli looked at the book, but he didn’t find the author.

“Strange, forget it. Let’s just see what’s in the crystal ball.” With doubts in his heart, Eli picked up the crystal ball at the side.

That was where the magic oscillation came from.

The crystal ball was usually an important auxiliary tool for a mage. It was often used to record information, experimental data, and so on. It was also the part that eli looked forward to the most. He felt that it would contain some clues about Saleen Metatrin.

The mental power was instantly connected.

The contents of the crystal ball were also displayed in Eli’s consciousness.

Ignoring some of the experimental data, Eli found Weiss’ log inside and learned more about him.

It turned out that Weiss did not come from the place of the mages. He was a student that Saleen had taken in from the east and became a mage apprentice. He had followed Saleen Metatrin all the way here.

After arriving here, they began to search for ruin, but they did not find it. Saleen Metatrin had actually enslaved more than ten grand Knights. Then, a group of people established the Bryne Empire to help in the search.

Weiss was in charge of the area of the Olisen Kingdom and discovered that there might be clues there. As such, Saleen metatrin assassinated the king and some of the leaders of the Olisen Kingdom and destroyed the country. They didn’t find the thing they were looking for, but Weiss died in an accident.

That’s all?

Eli blinked. This seemed to be much less than he had imagined!

There was also no substantial information. The only thing that was certain was that Saleen metatrin seemed to be looking for a ruin.

Eli was a little disappointed.

He had thought that he would be able to find out more about Saleen Metatrin!

However, it seemed to make sense. After all, Weiss was just a student that Saleen Metatrin had taken in on the road. He was only a level two apprentice. How many could he know? Saleen metatrin probably did not even think much of him. He was just looking for a tool.

“It seems like I have to take more time to find Saleen Metatrin’s items.”

Shaking his head, Eli threw those thoughts to the back of his mind. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The books had already given him enough surprises. Eli felt that this was already very good, and there was no need to ask for too much.

As for that broken staff, Eli was prepared to melt it down and fuse it into his staff, just like recycling waste.

However, the blood Warlock’s bloodline choice book still left a deep doubt in Eli’s mind.

Why was it that Saleen Metatrin’s notes mentioned breaking through mental power while the advancement in the book required the integration of blood?

Could there be something in this that Eli wasn’t clear about?

In this regard, Eli remained cautious.