87 Entering the Prison

He was the third son of the Herm family. However, he had moved out of the Herm family’s manor a few years ago and was living alone in a Manor not far from Jun Lin.

“This is his Manor.”

Eli glanced at the manor not far away, and his figure turned into a black shadow, quickly sneaking into the manor.

It was just an ordinary Manor, so how could it possibly stop Eli? Soon, he searched the manor and confirmed Kaelun’s location.

…

“Beauty, you look so sexy today!”

In the room, Kaelun gave a perverted smile to the woman on the bed.

He was about 1.7 meters tall, short, and fat. His face was round and chubby, and there were many pimples on it. He looked very ordinary, even a little ugly.

The woman, on the other hand, had a delicate appearance, but she was slightly regretful. When she heard from her father that a direct descendant of the Herman family wanted to see her, she was pleasantly surprised, but when she saw him, she felt like vomiting.

He was too ugly, but she had no chance to regret it.

“I’m coming!” Kaelun pursed his lips. The woman in front of him was very beautiful, and he could easily get her with a simple trick. This feeling made him very happy.

Kaelun smiled and walked towards the woman but suddenly felt a little dizzy.

He shook his heavy head and looked at the woman in front of him. She was unconscious.

“Something’s wrong!” Kaelun’s eyes widened. The next second, his vision blurred, and he fell heavily to the ground.

“Are you kidding me? Even Grand Knights might not be able to resist the knockout powder. Can you? ” After the two of them fainted, Eli walked in from the window. He looked at the two of them and raised his eyebrows.

If a normal person inhaled this drug, they would be unconscious for a long time, so there was no need to worry about the woman. It was better to focus on his target, Kaelun.

Looking at the stool beside him, Eli tied him to it and stuffed his mouth.

He woke Kaelun up.

Immediately, a Wuwu sound came out of his mouth.

What exactly happened? he was dumbfounded.

Then, he saw the man’s eyes light up, and he fell unconscious again.

Ten minutes later.

The man was unconscious on the chair.

On the other hand, Eli nodded in satisfaction. he already knew everything.

Initially, he had wanted to get more information about the prison from Kaelun, but when he found out that he had only been there once and knew almost nothing, he was shocked.

He knows that some nobles are more undisciplined and lazy, but this man was on a whole new level.

However, this made Eli even more relaxed. In this case, the prison would not know anything about him, which made him even more relaxed.

Tolerating the disgust, Eli took off Kaelun’s clothes. His appearance and body quickly changed into Karen’s through the mask, and he put on his clothes.

He looked at himself in the mirror and found that he looked exactly like Kaelun.

“Not bad, this is enough.” a smile appeared on Eli’s face, and he turned to look at the two people not far away.

He carried them directly onto the bed and made sure that they wouldn’t wake up for a day, then he strode out of the room.

“Master!” There was a guard at the door who was standing guard seriously.

“Not bad, you’re full of energy,” Eli praised.

“It’s all for the Lord. With me here, I won’t let a single insect enter.” The guard was excited.

“Not bad!” Eli nodded. “Prepare the carriage. I’m going to the second prison.” In the past ten minutes or so, Eli had already learned about Kaelun’s tone and some of his habits. It might be a little flawed, but it wouldn’t be a big deal. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Yes!” Although the guard found it strange since it was almost nighttime, but he didn’t say anything.

“Oh, right, you just stay here. Don’t open the door before tomorrow, and don’t let anyone in. I trust you, so I’m giving you this task!” Eli patted the guard on the shoulder and encouraged him.

“Yes!” The guard was in high spirits. Oh my God, he actually won the master’s appreciation today.

Very quickly, the carriage was arranged.

The carriage took Eli all the way to the Empire’s second prison.

Ten minutes later, they arrived at their destination.

Eli walked down and swaggered inside.

Two low-level Knights were guarding the door. When they saw someone coming, they were ready to stop them.

“Don’t you have eyes? Can’t you see who this is? This is the head Warden, master Kaelun!” Before Eli could open his mouth, the man who was both the coachman and his guard shouted.

“I’m sorry, lord warden.” The two guards were taken aback as well. They looked at Eli, not expecting him to really be the Lord Warden.

After all, he had only been here once, and it was dark and windy now, so the two of them could not see him clearly.

“It’s fine, it’s fine. I just have something to do.” Eli waved his hand generously and walked straight in. The two guards didn’t even dare to stop him.

“I’m going to see seviro. Do you guys know where he is? ” as if remembering something, eli turned around and asked.

“Lord Warden, Seviro should be at the lowest level. He’s being held there alone. I’ll take you there.” The guard hesitated for a moment before saying.

Normally, no one was allowed to see seviro. However, the person in front of him was the head Warden. If he wanted to see seviro, no one would dare to stop him.

“Alright, then you’ll take me to see him.” a smile appeared on Eli’s face.

‘This is more like it!’

Why did he have to sneak in? Wasn’t it better to enter openly?

The faceless mask might sound useless, but it was a God-tier item in the Knight Kingdom. It would be even more terrifying if it was used in a world of mortals.

Just like that, Eli was brought all the way to the bottommost level.

“Huh? Isn’t seviro locked up in Room 3? ” On the way, Eli asked as he walked past the three rooms.

“That’s the information that was released. Seviro is a Grand Knight. How could he be locked up there? The place where he’s locked up is even more hidden. It’s hard for normal people to find out.” The guard explained. “Lord Warden doesn’t come here often, so you don’t know.”

“Oh, I see.” Eli nodded.

Fortunately, he didn’t come in by himself.

Soon, after passing through a secret passage, Eli arrived at a floor that was not recorded in official records.

“My Lord, Seviro is locked up in the innermost area, but his condition might not be good.” The guard said.

“Oh? ” Eli raised an eyebrow.

…

In another room.

“The Lord Warden went to see seviro.” The guard reported.

“So be it. He’s the warden, anyway. As long as he doesn’t do anything crazy, he can do whatever he wants.” The guard reported to the only Grand Knight posted at the prison.

The guard left.

The Grand Knight, on the other hand, began to exercise normally and did not feel that there was any problem.