Chapter 1011: Luo Feng’s God Country

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Star Tower was nine light years tall. It was so enormous, as if it were covering half the universe.

This most power true treasure in the universe had led to mass slaughtering among the four pinnacle races, yet no great being was able to take it. The true treasure became a battlefield for billions of races in the universe, and countless undying fighters died inside.

******

Inside the tower, at the core palace.

A blurry, golden light was glowing as Luo Feng walked out of the golden light.

"Star Tower." Luo Feng smiled. He felt the joy from Star Tower. "Go to Seal Space."

Luo Feng walked to the edge of the palace, and a portal leading to "Seal Space" appeared. Star Tower was innately a sealing true treasure, and Seal Space was its center. It was vast with black ground and cordilleras.

Sou!

Luo Feng flew up and looked down at the ground.

"Remote Ocean, show up!" Luo Feng yelled.

Hong!

With the earth shattering, the Remote Ocean appeared in the Seal Space out of nowhere.

Remote Ocean body, earthling original body, Mosha body, and Golden Horned Beast body could all enter and exit the internal world instantly. Of course, after the internal world and space fragmented, being merged and turning into a god country, it would happen no more. The internal world could still exist for a while after someone becoming undying, but after a certain amount of time, the internal world would start to crumble.

"A diameter of six billion miles." Luo Feng stood on the ocean, stepped on the waves, and pride filled his heart. "Such godly power. Boundless! Star Tower! Drive!"

Luo Feng started to control Star Tower with his mind. Willpower wasn't closely related to actual power but had a lot to do with one's training and experience. However, with consciousness bound together with power, a sector lord could kill a universe-level fighter with one look, as his consciousness force could crush a universe-level fighter's soul!

After becoming undying, consciousness depended on godly power. Luo Feng's Remote Ocean body had greater godly power than most universe knights, and he had a terrifically large amount of such power. His consciousness surpassed most universe knights and had reached the universe overlord level.

Hong! Long! Long!

Water pillars swirled and extended to the hollow around them. They penetrated Star Tower, and the godly power merged with the entire Star Tower. Mysterious force emanated from Star Tower, and the seal stars and law engravings on the heavenly pillar bewildered Luo Feng.

"It's so complicated. I can't comprehend them at all. But it feels so good when my godly power and Star Tower completely merged with each other. I don't need to care about the meaning of the law engravings. I'll use my force." Luo Feng clenched his teeth and growled. "Move!"

Hong!

Star Tower barely trembled; the amplification was so small that it was not visible.

"This is too difficult to drive." Luo Feng was a bit stupefied. He felt like an ant trying to push a rock. "Godly power, burn! Drive!"

Luo Feng clenched his teeth.

Hong!

All the godly power in Star Tower started to burn, and it became 1,000 times more powerful. Star Tower started to move, and Luo Feng now felt like an ant carrying a grain of rice. Though it was still heavy, he could at least run with it. Luo Feng stopped after moving Star Tower only a little bit.

"Stop." Luo Feng stopped burning his godly power. "Oh my god. I've already burned godly power dozens of times more than that of Remote Ocean body." Luo Feng was dazed. "Though I can move Star Tower, I can't drive it like I do on other true treasures."

Luo Feng shook his head. It was supposed to be easy when utilizing weapons. A spiritual force weapon was supposed to be at light speed when being utilized! When Luo Feng used Star Map, the stars would shoot out like lightning. On the other hand, he needed to burn his godly power when driving Star Tower, and it was still so slow that enemies could totally dodge it.

"No wonder," Luo Feng whispered. "No wonder master Zuo Shan Ke said I can only drive Star Tower when I become a universe knight. He gave me the Nine Volume Manual and knew that I had a Golden Horned Beast body. He could tell that I could easily achieve a life gene level thousands of times greater, but he still speculated that I needed to be a universe knight." Luo Feng nodded. "It seems I don't have enough godly power, and neither do I have deep law comprehension."

There were two ways to drive spiritual force weapons. One way was to achieve adequately deep law comprehension, which could amplify the effect of godly power tenfold. The other way was to obtain a large amount of godly power.

"If I'm really able to drive Star Tower, I'll be capable of changing the size of Star Tower to make it move as fast as lightning." Luo Feng shook his head. "I'm only undying. It seems that I'm not yet qualified to use this supreme true treasure."

Supreme true treasures were extremely precious in the universe. Only universe supreme masters or universe masters could use those true treasures, and one of the reasons was that the conditions for utilizing supreme true treasures were so harsh. Although Luo Feng had a perfect life gene level, he was still only undying. He would be dreaming if he thought he was able to drive Star Tower now.

If it weren't for the Remote Ocean, Luo Feng couldn't have even moved Star Tower with his other bodies. After all, he had consumed an enormous amount of godly power just now.

"Remote Ocean, come back."

Luo Feng stood above Remote Ocean.

Sou!

The Remote Ocean went back to his internal world.

******

"I will be one of the strongest beings in the universe when I'm able to drive Star Tower," Luo Feng whispered in the palace.

He understood that he couldn't compare with universe masters like Primal Chaos City Leader and Master of Sky Wolf, even though he was indeed incredibly strong. However, his newfound "immortality" could already be a problem for some universe masters.

Star Map was already an ultimate technique. The first move required 160 stars, the second required 520 stars, and the third needed 1,600 stars. When all the 1,600 stars combined, their power was increased exponentially.

Luo Feng presumed that he would need more stars when he created later moves of Star Map, so he took some seal stars from Star Tower, and thus the stars on Star Map amounted to 10,000.

"I'll go and create my god country now. Back to the human territory."

Luo Feng stepped into the golden glow.

Sou!

He disappeared.

******

Inside the human territory, within the Ganwu Universe.

Luo Feng teleported himself into a region of space 50 million light years from Earth, where there was nothing but dying planets and stars.

"I'll choose this place," Luo Feng whispered.

He thought he shouldn't follow any rules when choosing a god country.

Zoom!

Luo Feng tore the space apart and stepped into the interlayers.

There were thousands of layers in the space interlayers. The first layer was shattered, fragmented space. The second layer was the god country. The third layer was the space flood… These were categorized in terms of an ordinary undying fighter. To the real supreme beings in the universe, there was only one vast layer of space interlayers. The closer it was to the original universe, the smaller the space fragments were, and the farther it was, the larger the fragments were. And the deeper the space interlayers, the more dangerous it got.

At the safest areas, even sector lords could survive. However, some areas could be life-threatening even to some universe knights!

Sou!

Luo Feng teleported himself and flew past the god country layer. He entered the space flood layer, opened his Shi Wu Wings, and flew deeper.

"Ordinary undying fighters will establish their god countries in the god country layer," Luo Feng whispered. "Some supreme beings will do the same thing. However, they'll move their god country deeper toward the space flood layer when they become stronger." 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

The deeper it was, the safer the god country would be. Godly power was infused in the Shi Wu Wings, which made them stronger. It started to fly among the space flood like a flash of light.

"The space fragments are getting larger and larger—some with diameters of 6 billion miles."

Luo Feng could only see those enormous space fragments. There were already land and water on some of them. They were flying at high speed, and once they hit someone—especially the ones with a diameter of 6 billion miles—they could annihilate an emperor instantly.

Sou!

Sou!

Luo Feng flew deeper and deeper. Sometimes, he teleported himself to dodge a colossal space fragment. His internal world had a diameter of 600 billion miles, so he needed to choose a space fragment that was of equal height, width, and length.

******

Two days after.

Luo Feng finally saw some space fragments with a diameter of one trillion kilometers, and some were even larger.

"I need to be careful. Space fragments of this size can possibly kill a universe knight."

Luo Feng was extremely careful. Those space fragments all came from the space flood, and they could easily hit someone because they flew so fast. Fortunately, Luo Feng had his Shi Wu Wings, which helped him dodge the space fragments nimbly.

Luo Feng teleported himself around a space fragment that had the largest diameter of 3.9 trillion miles and the smallest diameter of 1.3 trillion miles. It could merge with his internal world completely.

"Build the god country!"

Luo Feng opened his wings and triggered his internal world.

Suddenly, an invisible force burst out from his internal world, and it locked that space fragment.

Hu!

An enormous world showed up out of nowhere, as if it existed in an illusion or another dimension. It flew toward the targeted space fragment, and the space fragment was likewise drawn to it. One looked real, and one looked like a void. They got closer and closer to each other.

Hong! Long! Long!

Space trembled, and all the other space fragments avoided it. The world and the huge space fragment merged, stabilizing each other. A new, real world was born, and after a short while, the illusory world completely disappeared.

It was his god country!