Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1014: Bark Mirror Emperor and Blade River Emperor

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Luo Feng and the other heirs in the Hong Alliance looked toward Bark Mirror, along with heirs from other groups as well. They were all wondering what Bark Mirror Emperor would like to do.

Heng! Heng!

Bark Mirror Emperor smiled and kept walking toward the Hong Alliance group even though he was being stared at by lots of other heirs. He soon arrived at the where Hong Alliance group had gathered.

A universe knight within the Hong Alliance stood up. "Bark Mirror Emperor, what are you doing here?"

"I'm here… for Blade River Emperor."

"Blade River Emperor?"

All the heirs who heard this stood up in anticipation. They had all heard that Bark Mirror Emperor had once hunted Blade River Emperor, and the latter could only resort to hiding in the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool to escape. Now, Bark Mirror Emperor was back for Blade River Emperor.

Luo Feng looked at Bark Mirror Emperor and asked, "Why are you looking for me, Bark Mirror Emperor?"

"Haha! I haven't seen you for more than 80,000 years." Bark Mirror Emperor looked at Luo Feng, smiled, and showed his fangs. "I can already sense that you're more powerful. Blade River Emperor, have you become undying?"

Quite a few heirs started to wonder the same thing.

"Hmm… Blade River Emperor is indeed more powerful."

"But still, he can't compare with Bark Mirror Emperor."

"Bark Mirror Emperor is a unique life form who can rival a universe knight. As for Blade River Emperor, he is, after all, a human being. It's quite normal that he's less powerful."

There were many discussions among the heirs in the distance. But Luo Feng wasn't affected by the discussions at all. He nodded and answered, "You're indeed perceptive. That's right. I just became undying."

"Congratulations." Bark Mirror Emperor broke into laughter. "The legendary Blade River Emperor—who could kill an emperor limit when he was only a sector lord, who could escape me when he was only a sector lord, and who could stay alive under the attack from Mud Knight when he was only a sector lord. You had 620,000 battles and won almost all of them…"

Bark Mirror Emperor seemed to be flattering Luo Feng, but his tone sounded aggressive. The heirs listening to the conversation were quite disturbed by his words… Luo Feng's reputation was built on them! However, they had to admit that Luo Feng was indeed impressive to have accomplished so much as a mere sector lord.

"Now that you've become undying," Bark Mirror Emperor continued, "I have to admit that I was not as good as you when I was a sector lord. I'm exhilarated that you've become undying. Exhilarated."

"Thanks," Luo Feng said.

"If you were that powerful when you were only a sector lord," said Bark Mirror Emperor, "you must be much more powerful now that you've become undying."

The heirs on the open-air square thought that the way Bark Mirror Emperor complimented Luo Feng was bizarre, but they agreed. Luo Feng must be incredibly strong if he was able to win so many battles without the help of outer force, and he was only a sector lord back then.

"I'm here," said Bark Mirror Emperor, glaring at Luo Feng, "firstly to congratulate you, and secondly… to challenge you! Blade River Emperor, you're worth challenging. Blade River Emperor, you're worth all my efforts. Do you dare have a life or death battle with me, Blade River Emperor?"

Bark Mirror Emperor gazed at Luo Feng.

Silence. The open-air square went silent instantly. The heirs were all excited, but they kept quiet and watched Luo Feng.

"Life or death battle?" Luo Feng frowned. "Whereabouts? Inside the world of glory?"

"Of course not." Bark Mirror Emperor licked his lips, and his golden eyes glinted with hostility. "I mean a real-life battle. We can pick a place in the Ancestral God Secret Region and have a battle with the promise that neither of us will accept any assistance. It's an entirely one-on-one, life or death battle. Do you dare accept my challenge?" He smirked. "No need to invent excuses. Just tell me, do you dare accept? If you're scared, you can say no. However, I don't think a universe-renowned peerless talent will disappoint me."

Bark Mirror Emperor stared at Luo Feng. "Accept? Or not?"

******

The open-air square was deathly silent. Tens of millions of heirs all listened carefully.

Blade River Emperor was indeed a legend. Would he fight Bark Mirror Emperor after becoming undying? Even though Bark Mirror Emperor wasn't as fabled as him, he was, after all, a powerful unique life form that could intimidate countless undying fighters. Would he accept the challenge?

It was understandable to assume that Luo Feng wouldn't dare accept the challenge. After all, a life or death battle invitation from a powerful unique life form was intimidating enough to most. However, his reputation would be shattered if he said no.

Luo Feng was undying, but Bark Mirror Emperor was undying as well.

They were both undying… yet Luo Feng was still terrified of Bark Mirror Emperor!

******

"Accept or deny?" Bark Mirror Emperor asked again, staring at Luo Feng.

Hu!

Luo Feng stood up, looked at Bark Mirror Emperor, and smiled. "How can I not take the chance since you're leaping to your own death?"

All the heirs on the open-air square were thrilled.

"You accepted it?" Bark Mirror Emperor's eyes gleamed.

"Of course!" Luo Feng said. He looked around. "I won't deny any challenges from undying fighters!" The voice resounded on the entire square.

All the heirs were stunned.

"Oh?"

"Reckless!"

What Luo Feng had just said was so audacious that Zhu Chong Emperor, who had been watching from afar, couldn't help smiling.

A gloomy teenager in half-transparent purple armor chuckled. "Zhu Chong Emperor, he said he won't deny any challenges from undying fighters," said the teenager. It was difficult to tell whether the teenager was male or female. "Are you just going to let him go like that? If I were still undying, I would kill him myself." DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Zhu Chong Emperor glanced at the purple-armored teenager beside him. "Purple Rain Knight, you're already a universe knight. Don't meddle."

The purple-armored teenager was an incredible unique life form with a life gene level higher than that of Zhu Chong Emperor! He was the mightiest undying fighter on Bauhinia Island before, and he had killed quite a few universe knights when he was undying. After becoming a universe knight, he grew to be a powerful combatant in the Ancestral God School.

"He might not even survive Bark Mirror Emperor, let alone me." Zhu Chong Emperor shook his head. "Luo Feng is too arrogant. He may be a peerless talent, but Bark Mirror Emperor is a special life form with a life gene level of 2,000 times. That's a huge gap."

"Yes." Purple Rain Knight nodded.

Special life forms had their own sense of pride.

"Haha… Fantastic." Bark Mirror Emperor broke into laughter. "I'll send an email to you later and tell you the universe coordinates. I'll choose an area right next to the portal of the Ancestral God Secret Region."

"Okay." Luo Feng nodded. "What time?"

"The sooner, the better. But I need to give you some time for preparations. In half a day, and I'll tell you the location later." Bark Mirror Emperor was further excited.

"Okay." Luo Feng nodded.

"Haha…" Bark Mirror Emperor laughed again. He stared at Luo Feng. "Blade River Emperor, I didn't imagine you would be this brave!"

"I hope you can still laugh at the end of the battle." Luo Feng smiled.

"The one with a strong personality," Bark Mirror Emperor said, grinning, "is always the one who dies first."

Sou!

Bark Mirror Emperor disappeared.

Luo Feng looked around and noticed Zhu Chong Emperor and the purple-armored teenager staring at him. He smiled and vanished.

******

The news incited a firestorm. All the heirs in Ancestral God School were thrilled. Even the battle between two real universe knights wouldn't have drawn so much attention. After all, a battle between two undying fighters with universe-knight power was rarer.

Bark Mirror Emperor was a unique life form with the power of a universe knight. Blade River Emperor, a universe-renowned super-talent of the human race, and he had just become undying!

A life-or-death battle between those two… It was such explosive news that billions of races in the universe knew about it instantly through the heirs on Bauhinia Island. All the superpowers knew about it immediately, and so did the human race.

"What? Blade River Emperor Luo Feng is going to engage in a life-or-death battle with Bark Mirror Emperor in the Ancestral God Secret Region?"

"Is that a joke?"

"Bark Mirror Emperor is a powerful special life form, and he has the power of a universe knight. Even ordinary universe knights can be killed by him. Blade River Emperor is simply reckless!"

"Blade River Emperor has a clone talent technique. He won't die."

"But he can get killed! And then his treasures will be taken away. His true treasures were bestowed by our human race. If they're taken by Bark Mirror Emperor, it's a loss for all of us."

"Reckless."

"Arrogant."

"Foolhardy."

Those universe knights who were already dissatisfied with Luo Feng all thought this peerless talent was too haughty! They had seen many peerless talents who were similarly full of themselves, and they would only come to their senses after they suffered great losses!

"He will come to his senses after this battle."

"However, it will cost him true treasures!"

******

Meanwhile, Luo Feng spent his time in the palace on Bauhinia Island.

"This Bark Mirror Emperor is indeed confident," Luo Feng chuckled.

"Master," said Tian Chen Emperor. "Primal Chaos City Leader gave you a big challenge by letting you live on the mountainside of Thunder Island."

"Of course, I know that." Luo Feng nodded. "That's why I need Bark Mirror Emperor. True gold fears no fire; the stronger the fire is, the purer the gold is. It's about time."

Luo Feng stood up.

"We congratulate our master beforehand, for we know you will return with a victory," Tian Chen Emperor said respectfully.

"Prepare a celebration feast," said Luo Feng. "I'll invite Thousand Rain Emperor, Cha Man Emperor, and my teachers after I defeat Bark Mirror Emperor."

He laughed, then teleported himself to the square in front of the leader's palace on Bauhinia Island. He then teleported himself to the secret region through the waterfall.