Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1017: Blade River Emperor, You Are Vicious!

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

My human godly body will be annihilated immediately if I am touched by these two black whirlwinds! thought Luo Feng.

Although he was significantly inferior when it came to battle techniques, he could still sense that the two black whirlwinds were the most horrendous attacks he had ever encountered!

Pei Feng Knight had already made three moves. The first move was one of the deified general ultimate techniques, and it was terrifically powerful. Luo Feng had withstood that attack with his Tower Pearl. The second move was a material attack, which was used when being cornered by weaker universe knights. However, it could still destroy half of Luo Feng's godly body. As for the third move, it was a material attack used when fighting universe overlords! Both of the two black whirlwinds were hundreds of times more powerful than the miniature tornados!

No! thought Luo Feng. I'm trapped in time law domain now, so even if I use Ancient Boat Galaxy, I can't get away. Perhaps he'll even take my Ancient Boat Galaxy. As for my Mosha body, he is only able to perform Domain when he's alone, so I would need to put my original earthling body back in the world ring. However, Pei Feng Knight would never give me a chance like that.

Luo Feng flew swiftly with his Shi Wu Wing. He had made up his mind. Neither Ancient Boat Galaxy nor Mosha body was suitable. That left him with only one option…

******

Pei Feng Knight pursued Luo Feng, his eyes glinting greedily.

He's got to have a soul true treasure to be able to resist my deified general technique, he thought. He's got to! No wonder Bark Mirror Emperor wasn't able to kill the then-sector-lord Blade River Emperor. And Bark Mirror Emperor had the benefit of an incredibly powerful talent technique!

Pei Feng Knight was feeling more confident now. The deified general technique could severely damage even a universe overlord. Luo Feng would need a soul true treasure to resist it.

A soul true treasure. The human race must indeed highly value Blade River Emperor. Even I, as a universe overlord, don't have that kind of true treasure.

Pei Feng Knight watched the black whirlwinds closing in and shouted eagerly, "Die! Die! I'll take your true treasures after you're dead!"

Pei Feng Knight was a universe overlord, yet he only had two true treasures, both of which were mediocre and common. One was a piece of protective armor, and the other was a blade. He immediately figured out that this peerless talent of the human race had a true treasure wing and a soul true treasure.

"Die! Die!" Pei Feng Knight cried, watching expectantly.

It's all over, he thought. Even a universe knight with true treasure armor is likely to be killed by this move.

******

All was silent. Two black whirlwinds intertwined with each other as they got closer and closer to Luo Feng.

"Pei Feng Knight, you've left me no choice!" Luo Feng transmitted his roaring voice.

Hong!

A towering shadow suddenly appeared behind Luo Feng. It was more than 5,500 miles tall.

A godly body standing at a height of 5,500 miles was a terrific sight, and Pei Feng Knight was shocked to his very core.

"What… What kind of special life form is this?" Pei Feng Knight stammered.

A godly body at a height of more than 5,500 miles existed almost exclusively among flesh-and-blood-type living beings.

Earth only had a diameter of 6,000 miles… This living being was nearly as large as the planet Earth!

Hong!

The entire godly body started to burn, and the godly tower surged, destabilizing the time law domain.

Although Remote Ocean body only had a life gene level of 1,000 times and the original earthling body had a level of 3,000 times, Remote Ocean body emitted millions of times greater pressure to the time law domain than the original earthling body.

The reason: Remote Ocean body was simply gigantic! The godly power he burned every second was more than 100 million times that the original earthling body did.

The two black whirlwinds pursued Luo Feng at lightspeed, but Remote Ocean body charged directly at the black whirlwinds! Luo Feng had chosen the most appropriate time to let out Remote Ocean body, as he did so when the black whirlwinds were only 6,000 miles away from him.

Remote Ocean body enveloped the black whirlwinds.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

Like snow melting under the sun's rays, Remote Ocean body was being consumed.

"Larger, larger, larger!" Remote Ocean body broke into laughter, and the sound resounded through the boundless space.

His godly body was suddenly enlarged, and he became 60,000 miles tall. The density of his body, therefore, became much lower. Yet the black whirlwinds were trapped inside Remote Ocean body and needed to annihilate the godly power around them to move forward.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

The black whirlwinds kept consuming the godly power around them, but Remote Ocean body had unlimited godly power!

"Remote Ocean body had the same godly power as universe knights," said Luo Feng. "I had a godly body at the height of more than 5,500 miles for you to destroy. Let's see how much your black whirlwinds can destroy!"

Luo Feng relied solely on the gigantic godly body! It was unlikely for an enormous godly body like that to fall. One wouldn't be able to destroy the body—even if the body didn't fight back at all! DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

After a few seconds… the two black whirlwinds dissipated after annihilating an enormous amount of godly power.

"You can destroy 9 percent of my godly body?" Remote Ocean body laughed. "Ordinary universe knights can't damage one-1,000th of it even if they self-destruct. No wonder you're a universe overlord!"

Hong!

Remote Ocean body dashed at Pei Feng Knight. Pei Feng Knight had been chasing Luo Feng all along, and they were now only six million miles away from each other.

Remote Ocean body raced towards Pei Feng Knight. "The original earthling body is moving in the opposite direction with Remote Ocean body moving in a straight line. I'll get closer and closer to you if you continue to pursue the original earthling body!"

"Blade River Emperor, do you really think you're invincible with that body?" Pei Feng Knight roared. "I'll let you know now that even a gigantic godly body like this is useless against me!"

Remote Ocean body bumped into Pei Feng Knight.

"Explode! Explode! Explode!" Remote Ocean body roared and blew itself up!

"What?" Pei Feng Knight shouted, completely shocked.

Never in his wildest dreams would he have expected this. Supreme beings with powerful godly bodies like that would never self-destruct! A godly body at a height of more than 5,500 miles would cost too much to recover, yet Remote Ocean body let out all its energies at once!

The power… was unbelievably mighty!

Hong! Long! Long!

An area of 60,000 miles around Remote Ocean body was dead silent, but everywhere within 600,000 miles was instantly blasted by the godly power. Space fragments flew hundreds of millions of miles into the distance.

"Bastard!" came a furious cry from the center of the explosion.

A blue figure stood at the center of the explosion. He was surrounded by black air. The six eyes glinted fiercely. "Damn you! Damn you!"

"Enough, Pei Feng Knight."

Two powerful figures stood face-to-face with each other. One of them was Pei Feng Knight, and the other was a werewolf great being—beside whom stood Luo Feng.

Luo Feng looked at Jiu Feng Knight in front of him. Jiu Feng Knight had received the complete deified general inheritance. He was a candidate deified general and a universe overlord! Jiu Feng had arrived just as Luo Feng's Remote Ocean body exploded himself…

Luo Feng flew beside Jiu Feng Knight, as he didn't want to continue the fight.

Universe overlords are too powerful, Luo Feng thought. My Remote Ocean body can only injure him after self-destruction.

******

Jiu Feng Knight and Pei Feng Knight faced each other at a distance. They were both candidate deified generals, and they belonged to the same category of deified general inheritance.

Pei Feng Knight glared at the werewolf great being. "You want to stop me, Jiu Feng?"

"I'm human," Jiu Feng Knight said coldly. "I'll surely defend a great being of my race."

There were black whirlpools in all the six of Pei Feng Knight's eyes, and the airflow was tumbling around him. "Then let's fight," he said.

Jiu Feng Knight responded, "Jiu Feng, you were not my match even before 20 percent of your godly body was depleted. I suggest that you leave. Otherwise, other great beings of my race will arrive soon."

"Bastard." Pei Feng Knight clenched his teeth. "Damn it!"

He was exasperated. He was a universe overlord! It was strenuous to complete the deified general inheritance, yet he had done it! And as a universe overlord, he was seldom defeated unless he facing other universe overlords or universe masters. He hadn't risked everything yet. However, he hadn't expected to be attacked by the self-destruction of that godly body at a height of more than 5,500 miles!

5,500 miles! If it weren't for his true treasure armor, he would have been annihilated! Even with his true treasure armor, 20 percent of his godly body was gone!

He was defeated… by an undying fighter!

"Blade River Emperor!" Pei Feng Knight roared, glaring at Luo Feng. "You… You were willing to blow up your godly body! A godly body as powerful as a universe knight! A godly body at the height of greater than 5,500 miles! You are vicious!"

Luo Feng remained calm. "All too easy," he said.

"I've underestimated you," Pei Feng Knight said. He stared at Luo Feng. "Next time… I'll utilize everything I've got. I'll treat you like a universe overlord." Pei Feng Knight glanced at Jiu Feng Knight. "Jiu Feng… You only rely on your true treasures."

With that, Jiu Feng Knight turned into a beam of light and teleported himself away.

Although they were both universe overlords, Pei Feng Knight came from a mighty race of Northern Territory Alliance. There were lots of races within the Northern Territory Alliance, but they only had about the same amount of resources as the Hong Alliance did. It was fortunate for Pei Feng Knight to have been given two true treasures.

As for Jiu Feng Knight, he came from the human race—a pinnacle race in the universe with valuables to spare. Naturally, they highly valued their own great beings. Jiu Feng Knight had four true treasures, and they were a perfect combination. With his own mighty power and four true treasures, Jiu Feng Knight was indeed Pei Feng Knight's better.

"Good for you, Luo Feng," Jiu Feng Knight said. He glanced at Luo Feng with a smile on his face.