Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1047: Three Universe Masters Meet Each Other

Flame Star Master growled in the endless flames.

Hong! Long! Long!

Each inch of the original star was trembling, and the space and time under Fu Mo Master's control were taken away… Apparently, Flame Star Master and Fu Mo Master were fighting for the control over the original star.

"Fu Mo Master!" The giant beast in flames roared, and his voice pierced through layers of space and blasted beside Fu Mo Master's ears. "That Golden Horned Beast is a member of my Space Beast Alliance. Now that I'm here, don't even think about hurting him! Hahaha… You can't suppress him by controlling space and time, and you can only fly towards him. The great being of my Space Beast Alliance will have already left through the whirlpool long before you arrive! Hahaha!"

Fu Mo Master, who was standing on the plain like a mountain, replied with indignation, "Flame Star Master, my Northern Territory Alliance has already arranged everything! Even if you can stop me, I can still stop you from controlling the space and time! The great beings of my Northern Territory Alliance will encircle that Golden Horned Beast under my command! There's no way he can run away."

"First team, move to coordinate…"

"Second team, move to coordinate…"

Fu Mo Master transmitted his voice to the great beings arranged by the Northern Territory Alliance, and he even gave the order to the six teams on the other side through his alliance. Although Fu Mo Master wasn't able to suppress Golden Horned Beast through his control over space and time, he was still able to know his every move.

"Yes."

Hong!

There were several universe overlords coming out of all six whirlpool portals. At that moment, dozens of universe overlords gathered on the original star and started to encircle the Golden Horned Beast.

"He's a member of my Space Beast Alliance!" Flame Star Master said, infuriated.

Although he also couldn't manipulate space and time while Fu Mo Master was disturbing him, he was still capable of knowing everything that was happening on the original star. Even Flame Star Master was amazed by the number of races and great beings of the Northern Territory Alliance. There was only one universe supreme master within the Northern Territory Alliance, but the number of universe masters and universe knights was much higher than in other alliances. That was why the Northern Territory Alliance was so reckless when it came to fighting for resources.

"Fu Mo Master, it was the great being of my Space Beast Alliance who acquired the valuable! How dare you!" Flame Star Master was exasperated. He clenched his teeth as he growled, "You have invoked my fury…!"

"Humph! Stop preaching to me!" Fu Mo Master snorted. "Power is the thing that matters most in the universe. Flame Star Master, I promise not to hurt the Golden Horned Beast as long as he gives us the godly blade."

It may have only been a component, but Blade River Luo was a top-tier domain type true treasure. It had the attacking power of a pinnacle attack-type true treasure! The blade was definitely more precious than a senior true treasure, and the Thorn Ring Alliance would be willing to risk everything to get it back.

"Hahaha! You're joking, right?" Flame Star Master roared. The fire around him raged. "You're not the only one who can summon great beings! I'll summon Golden Horn Master here. Let's see what you can do against the great beings of my Space Beast Alliance."

Fu Mo Master sneered, unintimidated. "Do you really think I'm afraid of him? Let him come! I bet it'll take him a long time to arrive here, anyway! I hold influence over space and time here, and even universe masters will have to fly slowly as a result."

However, Fu Mo Master was a bit daunted inside. As Golden Horn Master was a terrific being among the universe masters of the Space Beast Alliance, and he had four godly bodies.

"Do you think the great beings of my Northern Territory Alliance are inferior to yours?" Fu Mo Master demanded, refusing to back down.

The great beings from the Northern Territory Alliance were notorious for their temperaments; the alliance was made up of quite a few powerful races, but none of them were pinnacle races. They had needed to be humble before they were united. But after being united, with a universe supreme master to guard them, everything changed.

The Northern Territory Alliance group would have to admit defeat against a universe supreme master. However, they would sooner die than surrender now! Once a valuable was born, the great beings of the Northern Territory Alliance would flood this place… After all, the Northern Territory Alliance was known for being reckless and for its high number of great beings.

******

While Fu Mo Master and Flame Star Master confronted each other, standing tens of billions of miles apart, another omnipotent force flooded in through the whirlpool portal. It was a towering figure standing 6,000 miles tall. He carried an ancient, rugged stone staff and walked barefoot. He wore a Thousand Treasure coat.

"Hahaha! I didn't expect to find two universe masters here," his voice resounded.

Though the voice was not at high volume, it echoed in the hearts of all the great beings on the original star.

Hong! Long! Long!

Star Sky River enveloped the original star. Powerful objects floating on the blurry river. All the great beings, including the universe overlords ordered to action, froze.

Fu Mo Master was startled. "Primal Chaos City Leader!"

"Primal Chaos City Leader!" Flame Star Master was also shocked.

Both Fu Mo Master and Flame Star Master were renowned universe masters, yet they couldn't compare with Primal Chaos City Leader. Primal Chaos City Leader had three bodies, and each of them was overwhelmingly more powerful than they were. The Thousand Treasures River was a top-tier domain type true treasure, and the power of the true treasure could easily kill them!

Of course, Primal Chaos City Leader wouldn't dare kill them recklessly, unless he had made up his mind to engage in all-out war with the Northern Territory Alliance. Universe masters slaughtering the weak was a rare occurrence.

"Primal Chaos City Leader," Flame Star Master said, growing anxious. "That's a great being of my Space Beast Alliance. You're a revered universe master, and it would be condescending of you to seize a valuable from a nobody."

"Power is all that matters. What can you do if Primal Chaos City Leader actually captures it?"

"Please, Primal Chaos City Leader, for Space Beast Alliance's sake," Flame Star Master said. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

If Primal Chaos City Leader hadn't had the Thousand Treasures River, Primal Chaos City Leader couldn't intimidate Flame Star Master. However, Primal Chaos City Leader could instantly kill Golden Horned Beast with Thousand Treasures River. That was one of the advantages of a domain type true treasure. It could sweep away the weak.

"Do you really think the Hong Alliance care about your Space Beast Alliance?" Fu Mo Master said. "Primal Chaos City Leader, I'll back off now because of you and your Thousand Treasures River. As for the component of Blade River Luo, it belongs either to you or Flame Star Master."

Though Fu Mo Master had stopped meddling, he still wanted to see what would happen next. The Hong Alliance was one of the greatest superpowers. The Space Beast Alliance was aloof and mysterious, but it had strong unity. It would be interesting to see the confrontation between those two.

Flame Star Master opened his mouth. "Primal Chaos City Leader…"

"Flame Star Master, I don't think Primal Chaos City Leader would come here for nothing," Fu Mo Master said.

"Hahaha…!" Primal Chaos City Leader's laughter resounded, affecting Flame Star Master and Fu Mo Master. They were all amazed… It was clear why Primal Chaos City Leader was considered one of the most powerful universe masters.

"Flame Star Master," said Primal Chaos City Leader, "since you asked, I'll stop meddling with it for your sake."

Fu Mo Master was taken aback.

Flame Star Master quickly responded, "Thank you, Primal Chaos City Leader."

"Humph!" Fu Mo Master snorted and stepped into the whirlpool portal. "Retreat!"

Fu Mo Master gave the order to the universe overlords of the Northern Territory Alliance. He wouldn't interfere anymore, even though he was a bit irritated. After all, as a universe master, he needed to keep his promise. He, like all universe masters, valued his reputation.

"Go."

"Let's go."

Although those universe overlords like Qi Blood Palace Leader were reluctant, they had to follow his orders.

"Universe knights of the Hong Alliance, do not attack that Golden Horned Beast," Primal Chaos City Leader commanded.

He was at the highest level in the Hong Alliance, which meant his voice was heard by the universe knights present. They all followed the order.

Hua!

Thousand Treasures River disappeared, and so did Primal Chaos City Leader.

******

As Primal Chaos City Leader was transmitting his voice to other great beings, Luo Feng heard a different message.

"My disciple, it's in your best interest that the Space Beast Alliance is involved in this. The Northern Territory Alliance won't interfere anymore now that Fu Mo Master has made a promise. Other universe knights won't meddle since they know three universe masters are involved. The only thing you need to worry about is the Thorn Ring Alliance, but don't be too anxious about that. Get out of here with your Remote Ocean body and some other great beings. Even if the great beings of the Thorn Ring Alliance want to come and arrange an attack, it will take them quite a while."

Luo Feng relieved.

Golden Horned Beast waved his wing, preparing to fly away—

Hua!

"Little thing," Flame Star Master's voice rang out beside Golden Horned Beast. "I've never seen you in the Space Beast Alliance before. Have you been vagabonding? Every space beast vagabonds when they are young… until they are taken back to the alliance when they become undying to be discovered. Tell me, have you never been back?"