Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1077: It’s a Trap!

VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Nine Tiger River was vast and mighty as it hovered in the area, occupying an area that was tens of millions of miles wide. With Luo Feng's godly power giving it the ultimate boost—especially now that Luo Feng was so highly accomplished in his techniques—merely the secret engraving sculpture of this Nine Tiger River posed no difficulty. He could easily decode the engravings to boost it to its limits.

Its mighty power had ridiculously strong pressure, combined with Luo Feng's life gene level that was increased by 9,800 times and his godly power, which had been amplified 100 times. If Nine Tiger River were to undergo a complete boost with such conditions…

If the Nine Great Beasts within the Nine Tiger River were to join forces, they could easily annihilate a secondary universe knight. Even if they were to attack as separate entities, one was more than enough to seriously injure a secondary universe knight.

Falling into Nine Tiger River, even a senior universe knight would find it arduous to fly or move about!

"True treasure!"

"It's a domain type true treasure!"

"That human form Luo Feng hid his true powers earlier on. He concealed the power of this domain type true treasure."

Ji Qi Knight used voice transmission to communicate with Zhu Ka Knight who was nearby. The four-hoofed Zhu Ka Knight tried his best to make his way to Ji Qi Knight but found his speed of flight absurdly slow. He used voice transmission out of anxiety, saying, "Why did that human form Luo Feng hide the power of his domain type true treasure? If he released its power earlier on, he would have been able to escape from us easily. Yet, he didn't! What is his motive?"

Ji Qi Knight and the four-hoofed being were flustered. The sudden surge in power of Nine Tiger River made them feel uneasy. They sensed something amiss!

"It's a trap!"

"Yes, it must be a trap! We have to leave this domain quickly! Within this domain, the speed we are flying at is laughably slow. If a strong enemy appears, we will be defeated!"

"Hurry!"

"Hurry up!"

They were not confident, but taking risks on a place like the Original Star kept the knights of other races vigilant. Every single one had been blinded by their greed into a frenzy as soon as they saw Luo Feng; out of 13 knights of other races, there were some who were still reluctant to give up or still sought his treasures by seeking his human form. However, for most of them, now that they realized something was amiss, the immediate decision was to leave right away!

******

In the middle of Nine Tiger River, Luo Feng stood in silence with his wings outspread. He had a bird's eye view of the entire Nine Tiger River and knew every move the 13 knights of other races made.

"Starting to panic?" said Luo Feng. "Maintaining great vigilance. What a pity. You are too late."

Luo Feng grasped the handle of his Cutting Pearl Sword from behind and lightly drew it out. The cold blade met with no obstructions within the waters of the Nine Tiger River. He was in total control because… this was Luo Feng's territory.

Hong!

By his side, a golden horned beast that was black all over was also hovering in midair.

"Golden Horned Beast body shall stay on the outside to attack while I kill from the inside… Let no one escape." Luo Feng gave his orders silently. "God Beast, transform!"

Hua! Hua!

Luo Feng and Golden Horned Beast transformed at the same time. Golden Horned Beast's hooves and claws grew bigger and bulkier. Its head also changed. Other than its pair of wings, it looked just like a Golden Beast God. Luo Feng's human form was also changing. His godly body grew slightly taller. Scales began to appear on his skin, and his eyes glowed with a faint tinge of gold. Although his godly power amplification had reached the limit of 100 times, under the transformation to a Beast God form… he was even more at ease as he carried out a slaughter… with the "heart of Beast God."

"Kill! Let's begin!"

Luo Feng made his move and swooped directly at the strongest one of the group trapped in Nine Tiger River a universe overlord known as "Para-chopper Knight."

Para-chopper Knight was the calmest of the group trapped in Nine Tiger River. He was from the Bug Clan Alliance, but he was not originally from the bug clan. He did, however, enjoy a most respectable status because he wielded great power! He was skilled in close combat and was very powerful. Plus, his soul was naturally strong in defense. The only weakness he had was that his godly body was small; his height was a mere two and a half feet. That was why he was very particular about defending his godly body. The most valuable thing on him was none other than a suit of senior true treasure armor!

Once he sensed the great surge of power of Nine Tiger River, Para-chopper Knight understood what was going on instantly. "We have been tricked! It's a trap! Human form Luo Feng was the bait, purposely used to attract our attention to get us to move nearer. His world ring must have universe overlords or equivalent life forms hiding away… The situation is unfavorable to us here! We have got to leave right away!"

Para-chopper Knight held onto a gigantic sword. He sliced through every obstruction in his way and flew off. His speed was the fastest!

"Huh?"

Para-chopper Knight frowned. He sensed that the other races were near. Although he had unsettling feelings, he was not afraid. He did not sense that there were universe masters hidden in Luo Feng's world ring. And if there were no universe masters, common universe overlords did not pose a great threat to him.

"Within the human race, the most fearsome universe overlord, 'Heaven Erosion Palace Leader,' has since been spending his time hidden deep within the human race secret region. He rarely makes appearances. There is no news about Star Prison Devil Master's intentions to enter the Original Star. So other than two or three of the most powerful ones, universe overlords from the human race are nothing to fear."

Para-chopper Knight had just finished analyzing the situation when a golden light appeared before him. Its beauty was so enticing that it was soul-awakening… This golden light came from the blade that sliced through the water surface of Nine Tiger River.

Seemingly slowly and with an unrivalled gracefulness, the blade found its way to Para-chopper Knight. With widening eyes, Para-chopper Knight grew shocked and increasingly furious. He waved his huge sword with all his might, using his strongest skill—Arbitration of Fate!

Peng!

His huge sword was cast into the air, where it tumbled about in the golden river water. Icy cold, razor sharp pain erupted as the golden blade hacked right through Para-chopper Knight's godly body.

"This… What swordsmanship is this?" he gasped, paralyzed with fear. "This is… This is more fearsome than any other universe overlord I have met in a long time!"

The swordsmanship was so beautiful that it was earth-shattering… It could certainly bring the limit of the path to a whole new level! A new limit of the law!

Peng!

The power of this one strike reached the limit of a senior true treasure armor straight away. Where the true treasure armor was supposed to weaken the impact of attacks to 1/10,000th of their power… this one strike was weakened merely to 1/1,000th!

In an instant, 62 percent of Para-chopper Knight's godly body was consumed. Barely scraping through this strike, Para-chopper was scared out of his wits.

"Even with my senior true treasure, more than half of my godly body was consumed," he said. "Not good!"

He had no doubt that the next strike would take his life for sure. This poignant golden light from that blade would once again appear before him!

"Quick, escape!" Para-chopper knight transmitted a shrill voice with his godly power!

Peng!

But under the glowing blade's next strike, Para-chopper Knight's petite godly body was annihilated in an instant, leaving behind an exquisite true treasure armor that emitted a faint purple light suspended in midair. As for the world ring and huge sword, they had been cast into the distance a moment before.

******

Two strikes to kill him, thought Luo Feng. Seems like with my ultimate technique of a universe master, those universe overlords with senior true treasure armors will still be able to put up a tough fight… And this time, it was just a small godly body. If his godly body had been as big as the Golden Horned Beast's, no matter how many thousands or tens of thousands of strikes I make, I'm afraid I still wouldn't have been able to kill him.

Luo Feng was quick to realize his weak points. His swordsmanship was already very strong, but it barely surpassed the limit of a senior true treasure armor. Senior true treasure armors would still able to provide his enemies with an extremely strong defense.

"Oh? Starting to panic?" said Luo Feng, looking around. "Let's continue then."

Luo Feng held his Cutting Pearl Sword, his pair of wings spread wide open to form an arc shape as he charged toward another senior universe knight, his next kill.

Yes, panic! Out of the 13 knights of other races trapped in Nine Tiger River, when the most powerful of them, Para-chopper Knight, knew he was never going to make it past the second strike, his shrill transmission made the rest of the knights crazy with worry.

"Hurry up and escape!"

"It's a trap!"

"Even Para-chopper Knight cannot ward off his strikes! Quick, quickly escape!"

"Ah!"

"It's a great beast… Ah!"

Piercing shrieks were transmitted throughout Nine Tiger River with godly power as the medium.

Hong!

The aftermath of the fight came in rumbling waves. Compared to Luo Feng's cold, decisive, clean-cut swordsmanship, the Golden Horned Beast was wild with fury—simply unstoppable!

"Roar!"

In sync with the looming roars, the hideous black beast god, the armored Golden Horned Beast, lowered his head and charged forward at high speed. With one single collision, the longest horn on his head rammed hard into Ji Qi Knight's body. Ji Qi's eyes widened in fear, then—bam! His godly body was annihilated. With only a single top-tier treasure armor on him, there was simply no way he could put up any resistance against such an attack from Golden Horned Beast.

"It's a trap!"

"That human form of Luo Feng is only bait! There is a strong universe overlord who is much stronger than Para-chopper Knight! He is after our lives, hurry…!"

"Hateful humans!"

Bitter and forlorn, sad and shrill, reluctant and begrudging, all sorts of roars rang out. Yet, with his Cutting Pearl Sword in hand, Luo Feng, who had been beast-deified, was cold-blooded as he roamed the sky above the golden river. His Cutting Pearl Sword cut through the universe knights one at a time. Under the poignant golden light of his blade, senior universe knights were annihilated one by one. Most of them were from other races that did not even have any ordinary true treasure armors; they did not have a shred of hope of warding off Luo Feng's advances.

Luo Feng attacked from the inside out, but Golden Horned Beast worked in the opposite direction, attacking from the outside in. There was no way any of the universe knights of other races could escape. It was clear that these senior universe knights were moving at a snail's pace in Nine Tiger River, and the only one who was able to fly at a high speed—Para-chopper Knight—had been the first to be exterminated. As for the remaining ones, all hope was lost.

The number of knights of other races trapped in Nine Tiger River was consistently dropping. Eight, six, three, two, one…

******

Outside the mighty Nine Tiger River, the battle had attracted the attention of knights of various races who were slightly further away. As many as six teams of universe knights were already observing the situation within Nine Tiger River from a distance. Among these six teams of knights, there was a total of 15 knights and one universe overlord.

"It's a trap!"

"He's just the bait!"

"Quickly escape!"

Shrill voices were transmitted via godly power. A multitude of voices were transmitted all over, and the six teams of 15 knights of other races watching from a distance could not help but shudder.

They watched on from afar. Their view was obscured by the massive river waters, so they could not clearly see what was going on. Yet, they could sense the happenings within Nine Tiger River. In the beginning, there had been a very strong sources of energy, followed by piercing screams and begrudging roars shouting, "Luo Feng is bait! It's a trap! Universe overlord!"

But a fleeting moment later, silence prevailed.

All was dead silence.

At this point, the six teams of knights of other races, all hovering in midair while watching the entire episode from afar, felt a hair-raising horror. They knew… every one of the knights trapped in there had lost their lives.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

A lone figure appeared in the middle of the golden, flowing river. He carried his battle sword on his back with a pair of wings outspread, and he sported a head of black hair. He was scanning the six teams of knights from thousands of miles away. At that moment, none of the knights dared make a sound.