Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1080: The Runaway Tian Yang Knight

Luo Feng tried his best to control his emotions as he asked immediately, "Where?"

Kuang Zhou Knight told him every single detail he knew, including which original star Tian Yang Knight was on and its coordinates.

"Thank you," Luo Feng said. He was exceedingly grateful.

"A small matter," Kuang Zhou Knight said, then asked out of curiosity, "Why are you so concerned about Tian Yang Knight? Is there bad blood between you two? He is a universe overlord…"

"A favor for a friend," Luo Feng replied with a single sentence.

"Oh," Kuang Zhou Knight said and nodded, content with this reason.

******

In the sky of the Original Star, Luo Feng, who had transformed into a beam of light, flew forward. Without warning, he drew an arc with his wings in the air and changed his course to another direction.

I have waited for so many years, he thought. I sought the fourth black metal board to increase my power just for this very day!

With his silver armor and wings, Luo Feng waited with eyes filled with anticipation. The strong beckoning of the Shi Wu Wings was unforgettable. He believed that once Shi Wu Wings and Black Wings were combined, there would be qualitative changes.

Everyone knew that the strength of a true treasure was what determined the ease of finding it. In the course of just under a year, Luo Feng had killed 82 senior universe knights and five universe overlords. However, from the 82 senior universe knights, he only managed to obtain a total of six ordinary true treasures; from the five universe overlords, he only managed to obtain 18 ordinary true treasures and four senior true treasures (ordinary true treasure series could be considered equivalent to senior true treasures). Even if he were to add in the several treasures in their world rings, the total value, upon calculation, would only be 60 to 70 true treasure points.

This was still insufficient to exchange for a top-tier true treasure! And universe masters were all eyeing the top-tier true treasures greedily.

Under normal circumstances, only universe masters would be armed with top-tier true treasure weapons! As for pinnacle true treasures like Force Armor, these might as well be once-in-a-lifetime opportunities, where even someone like True Yan Emperor would have difficulty obtaining them.

I have killed five universe overlords, although they were killed because they attacked me out of greed. But now that the news is widespread, it will be impossible to shun universe overlords, who are always well-informed. I am considered quite wealthy among all the universe overlords, but a top-tier true treasure… I am still a little far from it. Once I have the other pair of wings, however… And once they are combined…

Luo Feng's anticipation surged. A single acquisition would far surpass close to a year's worth of killing.

Sou!

Luo Feng sped toward the path of a whirlpool leading to Original Star Number 02881.

******

In Original Star Number 02881.

"I think a universe knight from the Hong Alliance has just discovered my location," said a voice.

A bald man with eight arms—a great being from the automaton clan—suddenly emerged from nestled within the bed of weeds. Tian Yang Knight's godly body was armed with unique technological weapons. For instance, his head was able to turn 360 degrees, providing a high degree of alertness.

"For now, my whereabouts cannot be divulged," he said. "Just in case, I had better leave here as soon as possible."

Tian Yang Knight's eyes revealed a cold glimmer, and with a great shrug of his black wings, he sped up and soared into the sky.

******

As darkness fell, Golden Horned Beast hovered high in the night sky, surveying the surroundings.

"This is it. Based on the tip-off Kuang Zhou Knight provided, it should be this area."

Golden Horned Luo Feng scanned the land below. His original earthling body had become so famous that even universe overlords would make a detour if they ran into him, so in order to ensure that Tian Yang Knight would not catch wind of his arrival and have the chance to escape, Luo Feng had rushed over in his Golden Horned Beast body. Also, his Golden Horned Beast body did not make use of Shi Wu Wings. This way… Tian Yang Knight would have no means of knowing that he had arrived.

"Not here…! He's not here?"

Golden Horned Luo Feng was slightly confused. He had carefully perused the deserted plains filled with weeds. The weeds were very tall. If he did not look carefully, he might not be able to find a great being hiding there.

Hong! Long!

A vast sea of golden waves spread out in an instant, enveloping everything it touched, permeating every inch of the bed of weeds. Within a fleeting moment, the golden waves had engulfed everything in the vast domain within a radius of 19 million miles. Within the area demarcated by the domain type true treasure, not a single great being would be capable of escaping.

"No one?" Golden Horned Luo Feng found it increasingly suspicious. "Rushing over here took me some time, but it was, at most, just over two days. These universe knights who hide in the Original Stars, keeping watch for the right opportunities, normally stay for at least half a year to a year. How can they all be gone?"

Golden Horned Luo Feng looked around the vastness between heaven and earth. There was no way he could determine where Tian Yang Knight was. However, the Shi Wu Wings, which were hidden in his world ring seemed to be provoked and ready to make their move. Obviously, they must have sensed the location of their counterpart… the Black Wings!

"Heck!" Golden Horned Luo Feng growled softly.

The vast sea of golden waves disappeared in an instant. At the same time, the true treasure Shi Wu Wings came out of the world ring and attached to the scale armor on his wings. Beast God Armor also accommodated Shi Wu Wings to allow the assimilation of both. Beast God Armor may have been a set, but its original functionality did not involve wings.

With the assimilation of the scale armor true treasure into scale armor wings, however, the defense level achieved was equally impressive. When it came to speed of flight, the scale armor wings still paled in comparison to Shi Wu Wings. Now that the two were combined, the effect achieved was naturally second to none.

Weng! Weng! Weng!

A strong summon was transmitted from a certain direction, and his Shi Wu Wings shook as though ready to take flight.

"Over there!"

Golden Horned Luo Feng looked far to his left. This strong summoning sensation felt the same as it had back then. It was obviously coming from the Black Wings that belonged to Tian Yang Knight.

"This time, I am not letting you escape."

Golden Horned Luo Feng quickly spread his wings as his speed skyrocketed. He accelerated without stopping and continued in this manner till he reached a speed near to light speed. Then he flew off in a linear direction.

******

In a swamp a few billions of miles away from Luo Feng, Tian Yang Knight had become a turbid color as he lay in the water, creating the illusion that he was drowning. Without using godly power or domain to search, just by using the naked eye alone, one would not be able to discover any trace of him.

Weng! Weng! Weng!

Tian Yang Knight's glowing wings shook, unable to calm down.

"Huh?"

Hua!

A golden-armored head emerged from the swamp, a pair of eyes stared coldly into the distance.

"That's it…" he whispered. "It's that Golden Horned Beast. The moment you stepped on this original star, I could sense you. But I did not expect you to approach me here."

Tian Yang Knight's eyes were filled with coldness. Of course, he could not forget that battle that had occurred almost 20,000 years ago. The Golden Horned Beast had a true treasure pair of wings that was extremely important to him. At that time, the Golden Horned Beast was clearly much weaker than him in terms of power, but it had a powerful true treasure armor and a massive godly body, which placed Tian Yang Knight at a disadvantage. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"Annoying fellow. Is he here to annoy me again?" Tian Yang Knight gritted his teeth. "Obviously his power does not match up to mine. Yet he has a senior true treasure armor and a huge godly body. Fighting against him… Even when my godly body has been totally used up, he will not have consumed much of his. Annoying. If you did not have such a big godly body, I would definitely fight you."

Again, Tian Yang Knight clenched his teeth in anger.

Hong!

He immediately transformed into light and flew off in another direction.

******

Golden Horned Beast could vaguely sense the location where the sound transmission had come from, but as he was approaching it, the position started to move. It was continuously on the move.

"Is he escaping?" Luo Feng was shocked. "Why is he escaping?"

In their previous battle, Tian Yang Knight initially had the upper hand. Luo Feng managed to claim the final victory thanks to his massive godly body, which provided him with a slight advantage. Overall, however, Tian Yang Knight was still the one in control of the situation. It did not make sense to Luo Feng that he was running just because he sensed that Luo Feng was near.

"If you are going to flee, then I'm going to give chase. I shall see how long you can remain on the run."

Luo Feng continued to give chase at top speed.

******

The bald great being with eight arms of the automaton clan and the Golden Horned Beast, one after the other, flew across the Original Star several billion miles apart. Yet no matter how fast or how far Tian Yang Knight flew, Golden Horned Beast was able to sense his location with such accuracy that there was no way he could escape.

"Damn!" growled Tian Yang Knight. "Why is he so persistent? Does he think that by chasing me, he will be able to get me to fight against him? Apart from universe masters, even top-tiered universe overlords may not be able to kill me. Damn—if not for the current situation, I would definitely teach you a good lesson."

Tian Yang Knight was fuming from being hunted down, but he forced himself to hold back the rage that was consuming him from within.

"I shall move on to another original star," Tian Yang Knight decided.

He saw a faraway space whirlpool and made his way over. He went through the space whirlpool and arrived at another original star.

******

Almost half an hour passed, and Golden Horned Beast made his way to the whirlpool where Tian Yang Knight had disappeared.

"According to what I have sensed, he disappeared here." Golden Horned Beast saw the space whirlpool and analyzed the situation. "Even if he had self-destructed, that pair of wings was indestructible, so I should still be able to sense it if it was around. Obviously, he has entered another original star."

Hong!

Golden Horned Beast went through the space whirlpool and arrived at another original star.

******

Upon entering the other original star, Tian Yang Knight continued flying for another six million miles or so before he stopped to hide.

"That annoying Golden Horned Beast knows he can't catch up with me. He can't do anything to me at all. Most likely, he will not give up the chase."

A short while later, the familiar, strong summoning feeling was transmitted to him again. The Black Wings on his back shook again.

"Damn!" Tian Yang Knight's immense anger was incomparable. "Golden Horned Beast!" he shouted with unbridled hatred.

If that was not a crucial moment; he could still go all-out to escape from Luo Feng or even summon other great beings from the automaton clan to take down this Golden Horned Beast.

"Good, good, good," he muttered. "I shall wait for you. I'll soon show you… the difference between you and I."

Tian Yang Knight's anger had reached its limit as he stood in the heartland of the forest, waiting in silence.

******

Luo Feng was baffled.

"What? He's not escaping anymore? How strange. Not my business, I guess. Anyway, it's good for me that he is no longer on the run."

Luo Feng was brimming with confidence. Unless a universe master made a personal appearance, there was no one Luo Feng feared.

Hong!

Golden Horned Beast flew quickly in the same direction. A short while later, he made it to the sky above the forest where he immediately swooped down to the spot where he could clearly sense the other pair of wings.

The bald being of the automaton race stood atop the canopy of a tree. His Black Wings were in a slight fanning motion as he stared coldly at Luo Feng.

"Annoying Golden Horned Beast!" he growled.

"Tian Yang Knight," Golden Horned Beast said, approaching at top speed and not slowing down for an instant.

"Damn it!" Tian Yang Knight let out a furious roar.

All the suppressed anger that had accumulated after being chased after for such a long period erupted.

Hong! Long! Long!

Everything between heaven and earth suddenly fell into a vast blackness. Golden Horned Beast, who was initially flying at an extremely fast rate of speed, suddenly felt as though it had fallen into a muddy swamp. It immediately reduced his speed.

Golden Horned Luo Feng was taken aback.

"It's a domain type true treasure!"

Tian Yang Knight… Since when did he possess a domain type true treasure?