Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1089: Luo Feng’s Resolution

In the vast sky of Remote Ocean, a godly light could be seen, emitted by the golden sanctuary.

Luo Feng sat cross-legged in front of the sanctuary, but his eyes were looking at the limitless god country, with pictures of secret engravings running through his mind. These recollections were constantly at the back of his mind, and occasionally, he would recall the three mysterious yet marvelous techniques of teleportation, strangulation, and space sealing… Being accomplished in the studies of pictures of secret engravings had led Luo Feng's creation of technique to contain a complete set of space laws, which was why whenever he thought of those sculptures with secret engravings… he would be slightly astir with emotions.

"A little bit. Just a little bit. The feeling is getting nearer and nearer. It feels like I can gain full comprehension to achieve a breakthrough anytime. I just need a little more."

Luo Feng's brows were slightly furrowed as he stopped midway through his cultivation session. He had connected to the virtual universe with his consciousness and had received a message of high importance.

In his mail settings, messages from ordinary friends were set as "do not disturb." Only mail from important people like his wife, sons, and teacher would pass the screening test by a virtual assistant and reach him even if it would be disrupting his cultivation progress.

"Teacher Primal Chaos City Leader wants to see me?" said Luo Feng. "He wants to see me? Could it be…?"

A thought suddenly arose in Luo Feng's mind, and he could not help but start to worry.

******

In the virtual universe, an endless chaotic airflow enshrouded Thunder Island. On a winding corridor behind the palace, Luo Feng walked alongside Primal Chaos City Leader. After a few moments, Luo Feng broke the silence.

"Teacher, you summoned me here, and yet you are not saying anything. This is making me very unsettled."

"I am not saying anything because I am thinking about how I should go about convincing you. Luo Feng, you should be able to guess what I am driving at." Primal Chaos City Leader cast his gaze at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng nodded when he heard this. "I was at Primal Chaos City, and when the virtual universe system identified a disambiguation mirror stone… I knew that you were bound to call on me regarding this. Earlier on, I was still wishfully hoping that the virtual universe system would keep the secret for me and not let this news go public."

Prior to the identification, it had never crossed Luo Feng's mind that Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress coveted the disambiguation mirror stone. If he had guessed the degree of importance of this item, then the result would not have brought about such an uproar. After the identification process was completed, when Luo Feng found out it was a disambiguation mirror stone, it was all too late.

"The virtual universe system normally maintains confidentiality," Primal Chaos City Leader said. "After applying a thorough and logical judgment on the results, it must have reached a final confirmation… that this matter will affect the entire race. Therefore, it chose to forward the information to every one of us universe masters."

Luo Feng nodded.

"Now the situation is very simple," said Primal Chaos City Leader. He walked to the dining table outside the corridor and casually summoned his servants. Two servants soon entered in a reverent manner and lined the table with a delectable spread of fine cuisine. "Luo Feng, sit. Sit while we talk."

Luo Feng followed suit and sat down. The moment he saw that there were food and drinks laid out, he knew that Primal Chaos City Leader, his teacher, was taking this matter very seriously. At the very least, he had made exquisite arrangements just for their meetup. In the past, whenever teacher and student had conversations, it was always chatting by the cliff in front of the palace or within the palace hall. This time, it was at the back of the corridor—and even called for sitting down for a conversation? This was unprecedented.

"The situation is simple, because when you were at Primal Chaos City to identify the valuable, the virtual universe system sent the information to the Huge Axe Creator and all the other universe masters of our human race." Looking at Luo Feng, Primal Chaos City Leader added, "Which means that… every great being of the human race who is a higher-up will know. How should we handle this matter? Let's make a decision."

Luo Feng's cheek twitched. Decision? He glanced over at his teacher,

Primal Chaos City Leader saw his reaction and said, "I believe you can guess the outcome."

"What outcome?" Luo Feng could not help but exclaim.

"Our race really needs this disambiguation mirror stone," Primal Chaos City Leader solemnly informed him. "The disambiguation mirror stone involves a super true treasure. The Disambiguation Temple is one of the greatest treasure vaults that has emerged during the opening of the entire Original Star. It is vital to our race! The human race may be strong and powerful, but we do not have a single supreme true treasure to reign dominance over the others. With one more domain type true treasure of a pinnacle level… it would greatly benefit our race."

"No supreme true treasure to reign dominance over the others?" Luo Feng was stunned for a moment. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

The human race… had no supreme true treasures.

"We humans really do not have any supreme true treasures?" Luo Feng could not help asking.

Primal Chaos City Leader hesitated for a while, then shook his head and replied, "No. We used to. But not now."

"Used to?"

Luo Feng grew increasingly suspicious. There seemed to be more than met the eyes. Yet, according to the information he had found on the virtual universe network—especially now that his status allowed him access to much more important information—he realized that supreme true treasures were indeed an extremely rare sight in the universe.

Based on what Sitting Mountain Guest had told him, even for universe supreme beings, there were a few of them who did not own any supreme true treasures! Universe supreme beings would go crazy over supreme true treasures without fail. The predominant treasure of the universe's greatest power, the Ancestral God School… was none other than a piece of a supreme true treasure.

Through all this coveting and all the information, Luo Feng could discern the rarity of supreme true treasures, but what he had not expected was that, as strong and comparatively powerful as they were, even the Hong Alliance and the human race did not own any supreme true treasures.

"Yes, indeed, there are none." Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng and said, "Out of the top nine powers in the universe, five of them possess a supreme true treasure, but our human race certainly doesn't."

Luo Feng felt a twinge of anxiety. This was one of the shortcomings of the human race.

"The true treasure that the disambiguation mirror stone involves should be comparable to the most important true treasure that we human race possess." Primal Chaos City Leader gazed at Luo Feng. "And all the universe masters are in consensus that… the disambiguation mirror stone is in your hands; thus you should be allowed to venture into Disambiguation Temple. But the outcome may not be ideal. If it were given to Huge Axe Creator instead, the chances of succeeding would be much higher.

"Huge Axe Creator?" Luo Feng's heart lurched. That was a universe supreme being!

"Of course, I won't force you." Primal Chaos City Leader held up his wine glass, looked at the wine through the transparent glass and continued. "The decision is yours to make." Then he looked Luo Feng straight in his eyes and said, "I hope that you will help our race this once."

Luo Feng was taken aback. Help? He was no fool, having attained the level of cultivation of today. Besides, he had led the life of a vagrant roaming the universe for 50,000 years, which had widened his horizons and allowed him a penetrating view of all the deception and dishonesty common in the universe. There were many things that he could have figured out on his own. He could have guessed why Primal Chaos City Leader summoned him here.

The negotiation tactic that Primal Chaos City Leader deployed was considerably dignified and aboveboard. There was no other method than to come up with a detailed analysis of the entire situation and present all the facts to Luo Feng outright. Then in his capacity as an honorable universe master, as well as his position of a teacher to Luo Feng, he would ask Luo Feng to help their race this once!

This put Luo Feng in a spot. He was not mentally prepared for this. He found it difficult to reject him then and there.

"Teacher…" Luo Feng began.

Primal Chaos City Leader was still looking at Luo Feng.

"This time around," Luo Feng continued, "there are 36 disambiguation mirror stones scattered all over the 10,081 original starts, yet our human race does not own a single one at all?"

"Not one." Primal Chaos City Leader raised his head to down his wine. Based on Luo Feng's question, he could already detect his unwillingness. Putting down his wine glass, he said, "The number of great beings within the human race is one of the fewest in the universe. We form the minority. Take the Northern Territory Alliance, for instance. It is the alliance with the greatest number of great beings on the universe. The number of universe knights that they have is more than 100 times that of our Hong Alliance! The more the number of great beings dispersed in the various primal stars, the higher the chances of obtaining these ambiguation mirror stones. My speculation of the situation at present is that the Northern Territory Alliance would, at most, have obtained one or two disambiguation mirror stones. After all, in contrast to the entire universe, the Northern Territory Alliance only constitutes a small portion. If even they are unlikely to own more than one, then how many can we humans possibly obtain?"

"That few?" Luo Feng was dumbfounded.

The number of heirs and universe knights of the Hong Alliance was a far cry from that of the Northern Territory Alliance. This time, in the Original Stars, the number of universe knights from the Northern Territory Alliance who had died at his hands exceeded 20.

"There is still a large batch of top-tier powers within the universe that are in the lead, like the Nine Territories Alliance and the Thorn Ring Alliance, and also some other allied powers that are much weaker… Although they are weak, their numbers are many, which is why most of the 36 disambiguation mirror stones were taken by these powers. When the time comes, they will enter Disambiguation Temple through the 36 different paths… These powers will then get the chance to obtain even more powerful true treasures. Maybe this was a balancing method of the universe."

Luo Feng nodded his head as he listened on.

Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng and said, "Give me an answer. Are you willing or not?"

Luo Feng gave a straightforward reply. "Teacher, I am unwilling to."

Primal Chaos City Leader gave a slight frown, but his expression softened thereafter, and he said, "You are unwilling to? Out of 36 great beings entering the Disambiguation Temple this time around, there may be a few great beings who have obtained these disambiguation mirror stones that we are not acquainted with. But those going in… more than half of them range from universe masters to universe supreme beings. Others will most likely be top-tier universe overlords and universe overlords. If you do not have the capability of a universe overlord, then you do not qualify to enter! This is the rule that countless generations have observed whenever it comes to vying for the greatest treasure each time the Original Stars open. And ultimately, the ones who obtain the supreme true treasures… are almost always universe masters or universe supreme beings!"

Primal Chaos City Leader stared at Luo Feng and added, "Do you even know… what a universe supreme being is? Even for someone of my level, meeting a supreme being means doomsday has arrived. They are the most powerful and fearsome life forms within the universe." Primal Chaos City Leader was starting to sound anxious. "And you still want to go?"

Luo Feng nodded. "Yes."

It was precisely because he knew the details of the entire situation; and also, he knew that the disambiguation mirror stone was not distributed according to how capable or how strong the great beings were, but rather, distributed at random. Therefore, strong and weak alike might stand a chance of obtaining these mirror stones. Besides, every one of these great beings would be entering through a different path, so it was all a gamble one had to take.

From a historical point of view, since countless generations before, during every opening of the Original Stars, the greatest treasure—according to what Primal Chaos City Leader knew—was most likely to be claimed by a universe master or a universe supreme being.

If I were to attain the level of a universe knight, thought Luo Feng, my godly body would become much bigger and stronger. Then Force Armor would be able to muster its third form! I might even be able to try to obtain the fifth black metal board. From what I heard from Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest, the fifth black metal board may present me with an accidental surprise. Regardless, by that time, I will already be able to mobilize Star Tower. Even if I were to face a universe supreme being, I would be able to hide in Star Tower, and he could not do anything to me!

After all, Star Tower… was a supreme true treasure!

The human race did not owe any supreme true treasure; Star Tower did not have a master to control it and was placed out of any territory and on the battlefield. This had brought about war among the four pinnacle races, where universe supreme beings went crazy for them but no one could claim it. This was power!

Luo Feng counted upon Star Tower… Naturally, he was fearless of any other being. He was brimming with confidence.

The Disambiguation Temple… of course he would be the one going in! If he got stronger, his race would get stronger likewise.

"Don't you feel that your abilities may not make the grade?" Primal Chaos City Leader could not help but ask. "Going there is too dangerous for you."

"Teacher," Luo Feng said, looking at Primal Chaos City Leader. "Your disciple now possess the power of a top-tier universe overlord."