Chapter 1092: My Heart is Peaceful

Inside Flame God Territory, in the main palace surrounded by endless flames.

"That human Luo Feng has the power of a top-tier universe overlord? He killed Flourishing Light Horde Leader with one attack? Not possible!" Flame Emperor raged and roared, and his eyes were glinting with madness. He was innately proud, and he was proud of being cultivated by Mountain Sitting Guest.

He looked down upon his older brother, as he was originally a slave of his teacher, and he had inferior potential and true treasures compared to him. He already craved to become an equal of Mountain Sitting Guest or even stronger!

However, after Luo Feng showed up, Mountain Sitting Guest also devoted his time and energies to this third disciple, and he had even prepared a supreme true treasure Star Tower for Luo Feng! Flame Emperor longed for that supreme true treasure, but it was no use. He had been wary of that third brother, as he found him to be the biggest threat to him.

"100,000 years!" Flame Emperor growled. "How is it possible for him to have the power of a top-tier universe overlord in only 100,000 years! How is it possible? It must be teacher Mountain Sitting Guest! It's got to be because of his arrangements! Luo Feng isn't capable of accomplishing that all by himself! Teacher Mountain Sitting Guest favors third brother too much! He gave him the supreme true treasure! And now he helped him gain the power of a top-tier universe overlord after he's been undying for only 20,000 years."

Flame Emperor's face twisted with fury. "Just wait and see… Just wait and see, Teacher Mountain Sitting Guest! He'll never catch up with me, even with your help! I'll always be his better! I'll be stronger—stronger even than you!"

The space around Flame Emperor cracked, and the eyes under his sole horn looked crazed and terrifying.

******

The news was widely spread, and it shocked all the powers in the universe.

Para-chopper Knight from the bug race had been resurrected. He had a senior true treasure armor yet was still killed by Luo Feng.

"Luo Feng was the one who killed me," Para-chopper Knight said. "I had a senior true treasure armor, but one attack from him damaged more than half of my godly body, and two attacks killed me directly!"

That news was more shocking! A universe overlord wearing a senior true treasure armor being killed by two attacks was even more terrifying than Flourishing Light Horde Leader being killed by one!

"A senior true treasure? A universe overlord was killed even while wearing a senior true treasure?"

"That's outrageous."

"He must be a top-tier universe overlord!"

"What a coincidence! The Bug Race Alliance gave out the news right after the Northern Territory Alliance gave out the news."

"It's extremely difficult to resurrect a universe overlord. Para-chopper Knight must have been revived after the news spread that Flourishing Light Horde Leader was killed by Luo Feng… The bug race resurrected Para-chopper Knight just to verify the news. Nobody expected Para-chopper Knight to say something so shocking."

The two pieces of news were spread in one day, and they took the universe by storm!

******

Inside the universe owned by the automaton race.

Countless threads were connecting the planets and stars, giving the universe the appearance of a gigantic net.

A voice resounded in every corner in that universe. "My children," it said, "that human who's only been training for 100,000 years is so powerful that he can kill a universe overlord wearing a senior true treasure? Is that true?"

"Father God, I've contacted the Thorn Ring Alliance, and they said it's true."

"I've done my research as well, and it is true. I've seen the footage of Para-chopper Knight being killed."

"Father God, we can't leave Luo Feng alive!"

"Father God!"

Automation race was a peculiar race, as all the members in the race were intelligent life forms, but there was a command for them to obey at their very core! They surrendered themselves completely to the greatest being in the automation race, a universe supreme being known as "Father God." They would happily die if it was a command from their Father God, and there was an exceptional bond among the creatures within automaton race.

Father God's voice was spread all across the universe, saying, "It's only been 20,000 years since he became undying, and he has the power of a top-tier universe overlord now. He'll definitely be a threat to our race if we just let him roam free! My children, follow my order. Search for Luo Feng and kill him! We must kill him before he becomes a universe master!"

"Yes."

"Yes, Father God!"

******

The automaton race, bug race, and demon race were all terrified.

The human race, bug race, demon race, and automaton race lived nearby each other, and they had been fighting against each other for an eternity. There had been a myriad of feuds among them, and one great being after another was born in the course of war! They looked down upon prison race and the crystal race.

Once a particular race of the four pinnacle races became stronger, other three races would often form an alliance without discussion. The other three races would take action if an exceptional genius was born, as they couldn't allow any one power among them to be visibly stronger! Of course, if a race suddenly stumbled and fell, it would be a pleasant surprise to the other three races. The responses to news of Luo Feng came as expected.

"He's been growing too fast!"

"He'll be another Primal Chaos City Leader if we let him roam free. We must kill him as soon as possible. Otherwise, he'll become so powerful that even universe supreme masters aren't able to kill him!"

"Kill him!"

"Kill him before he becomes a universe master!"

"Pass along my order! Every great being on the original stars should keep an eye on Luo Feng!"

"Pass along my order!"

The automaton race, bug race, and demon race all made this a top priority. They all knew that if a supreme being was born within the race, like Nine Remoteness Master—although he wasn't technically a universe supreme master—he could make all the pinnacle races desperate.

Luo Feng had an inherited technique: clone! He could be reborn even if one of his godly bodies was killed! A powerful universe master with clone technique would be a nightmare to enemy races! And he would definitely become a pillar of his own race.

"We must kill him!"

******

The Northern Territory Alliance also wanted Luo Feng dead, but they felt relatively relieved. They knew that the automaton race, demon race, and bug race ought to be the anxious ones! As for the Ancestral God School, the Space Beast Alliance, the prison race, and they crystal race… They were looking forward to watching the fight among the four pinnacle races.

"That human Luo Feng is indeed incredible."

"If he can survive this and become a universe master, nobody will be able to hurt him."

******

No one was more shocked than the human race.

In the open-air bar in the virtual universe, most of the universe knights had gathered. Normally, there were only a few thousand of them, but today, more than 90 percent of the universe knights of the human race were here! Universe knights of other races were also here. There were discussions everywhere.

"Is Luo Feng that incredible?"

"He's improved too fast!"

"Even Flame Emperor can't compare with him."

Jealousy was to be expected in the face of such power, just as how Luo Feng had upset many universe knights when he'd moved to the mountainside of Thunder Island. However, Luo Feng had exceptional power now. He was so powerful that he could kill a universe overlord with one attack… That kind of power was awed by universe knights.

"It's a miracle."

"Legendary!"

"It's a miracle within our race! Where's True Yan Knight? He's Luo Feng's teacher."

"True Yan turned off his communications already. Perhaps too many universe knights are looking for him."

Ganwu Universe Country Master was also laughing loudly. Other universe knights were all talking about Luo Feng. Ganwu Universe Country Master was a bit dazed, but he became happy instantly. After all, Luo Feng was close to him. He was the teacher of Luo Feng's son!

"Is Luo Feng's son your disciple?"

"Haha, yes."

"Luo Feng has a son."

******

Inside the god country, the endless Remote Ocean was tumbling and expanding. Lots of creatures were being created, and they expanded the Remote Ocean.

"It's crazy."

Luo Feng was sitting in the godly temple, soaked in golden light. He shook his head and smiled. He had known he couldn't hide the fact that he had killed all those universe knights and universe overlords. He knew that the news would be impossible to keep quiet once those great beings were resurrected. However, he hadn't expected everyone to be so angry about it.

After talking with Primal Chaos City Leader and True Yan Knight, he turned off the acceptance of the virtual universe.

"I'll keep practicing."

Luo Feng closed his eyes and smiled. It was filled with hustle and bustle out there, but it was tranquil and peaceful in his god country.

Hua! Hua!

The water in the endless Remote Ocean was flowing. All was a racket outside! But it was quiet in his god country. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"Teleportation, hang, seal," Luo Feng whispered.

He opened his eyes, and his godly power triggered law threads. Three broken engraving pictures showed up in the sky, and they merged. A perfect engraving picture showed up. It was an engraving picture that looked like the seventh picture of the "Nine Universe Primal Chaos Tablet."

"I've finished the space law," Luo Feng said with a smile.

Hong! Long!

Endless universe origin law arrived at the god country, and the Remote Ocean started to churn.