Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1095: Star Tower Disappeared

Inside the Palace of Primal Chaos Ruins.

Luo Feng went to visit Primal Chaos City Leader after leaving the palace of True Yan Knight. He was not content with trading his disambiguation mirror stone for half the ownership of Earth! However, he knew that Primal Chaos City Leader was only one of the dozens of universe masters in the human race. Though he was powerful, he wasn't at Huge Axe Creator's level. Besides, Primal Chaos City Leader had been guiding him patiently, and Luo Feng admired the character of his teacher.

True Yan Knight and Primal Chaos City Leader had completely different personalities. True Yan Knight was frank and forthright, and he would do anything for those he cared about. When Luo Feng was chased by Bark Mirror Emperor, True Yan Knight went to fight him even though he wasn't sure whether he was going to win or not.

As for Primal Chaos City Leader, he was responsible for the entire human race, and many important issues concerning the human race were determined by him. The rise and fall of the humans were all under his consideration. He had always been fair, and his principle was to "put the race first" when he was treating his disciples, which made Luo Feng respect him.

"Teacher." Luo Feng gave a salutation.

Garnet armor with complex patterns and a scaled tail spread out from a set of battle gear. Under several fiery horns was a fierce face with engravings on it. It was another body of Primal Chaos City Leader. The eyes were broad like the sky and intimidating.

"Why are you here to see me?" asked Primal Chaos City Leader.

"I plan to leave the human territory, and I wanted to tell you before I left," answered Luo Feng.

"Oh? It seems that you went to visit True Yan about this, too." Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. He was the guard of the primal universe, which meant he knew everything going on in the primal universe. However, he hadn't eavesdropped on the conversation between Luo Feng and True Yan Knight.

"Do you know how dangerous it is for you on the outside?" asked Primal Chaos City Leader.

"I do." Luo Feng nodded. "The bug race, the demon race, and the automaton race all want me dead."

"But you're still going out?" Primal Chaos City Leader continued.

Luo Feng nodded.

Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. "Then go. You're not weak in any aspect, which means you should be the one who makes all your own decisions. But remember, you're not only representing yourself. You're still representing your family and your earthling bloodline. Just remember this."

"Yes." Luo Feng nodded and bowed. "Then I'll leave now."

"Go," Primal Chaos City Leader said, then added, "If you can't handle the danger by yourself, crush the keepsake I left you."

Luo Feng nodded, and with the space ripple, he disappeared. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Primal Chaos City Leader was left alone in Primal Chaos Ruins.

This disciple of mine manifests such power after hiding for almost 20,000 years, Primal Chaos City Leader thought. And now, he's leaving the human territory. He must have some peculiar experiences, and they happened at some place in the universe.

Primal Chaos City Leader had figured this out a long time ago, but he wouldn't try to influence Luo Feng. From his perspective, if Luo Feng had Remote Ocean body, then even he was killed outside, he could easily resurrect himself. The true treasures would be the only things lost.

Bug race, demon race, automaton race? thought Primal Chaos City Leader. They would be desperate if they knew Luo Feng has a Remote Ocean body. All they can get is the true treasures he carries.

Primal Chaos City Leader was confident. Although he was more proficient in close combat, he was also a master in souls, and in the primal universe—which was under his control—he could tell that Luo Feng's mind and willpower were already at the universe master level!

Godly power determined minds. Minds affected willpower as well! After 180 million years of training and becoming a universe knight, Luo Feng's mind and willpower had already reached the universe master level.

However, Primal Chaos City Leader was wrong about one thing. If those other races killed Luo Feng's body, they would get exceptional true treasures: Force Armor, Shi Wu Wings, and Beast God Armor.

******

After leaving Primal Chaos City, Luo Feng first went back to his god country. Then he went to Star Tower by god country transportation!

In the center palace of the Star Tower, the light started to dim. Luo Feng walked out.

"Star Tower," Luo Feng said as he looked around the palace where he received life or death inheritance. "My godly power should be enough to drive Star Tower."

Hong!

The godly power on Luo Feng started to burn and spread along the ground. It went into the center of Star Tower like electricity, transferred to the pillars and seal stars. The burning godly power flowed like water in the river, channeled through the pillars and seal stars, however. Those engravings were too difficult; Luo Feng was only able to understand the easiest ones.

After only a short while, the burning godly power merged with every inch of Star Tower.

"Rise!" Luo Feng growled.

Weng!

Star Tower rose eight inches and fell eight inches slowly. Such a tiny ripple was imperceptible.

Luo Feng took back his godly power, and the Golden Horned Beast in the world ring started to transfer the godly power to his original earthling body.

"My original earthling body is also a universe knight with a life gene level of 9,800 times, and it's strong enough to drive Star Tower. However, the godly power consumed is too much. If it weren't for the Golden Horned Beast, that move would have consumed 30 percent of my godly body. My understanding of the engravings in Star Tower is too limited."

He was able to drive it with his godly power if he wanted, but it consumed too much power. If he were able to fully comprehend the engravings, it would be much easier.

Luo Feng left the center palace and started to wander through Star Tower. He went to various locations via the internal transportation. He couldn't even see the end of the heavenly pillars.

Luo Feng perused the engravings on the heavenly pillars and couldn't help exclaiming, "Incredible! Even the simplest engravings are so amazing. The engravings in Star Tower are even more complex and complete than those of the miniature universe. No wonder it's a supreme true treasure."

He walked around and saw the heavenly pillars and seal stars. He even went to tour the spaces in Star Tower where lots of other races were adventuring and fighting. Luo Feng was able to see the mysteries formed by those spaces.

******

After 32 days of walking through Star Tower, Luo Feng went back to the center palace and sat down with his legs crossed. His consciousness was fully integrated with Star Tower, and all the engraving sculptures flooded his mind… He started to study them carefully. The deeper he understood those engravings, the more power he could wield.

Mysterious! Complicated! Space, time, gold, wood, water, fire, ground, wind, lightning, and light… All law threads were mixed together perfectly, and they were 10,000 times more complicated than the miniature universe engraving picture. After all, the miniature universe only had a diameter of six billion miles while Star Tower was nine light years tall! If the miniature universe was a small room, the Star Tower was a skyscraper comprised of countless small rooms.

Fortunately, I'm on the engraving-picture path, thought Luo Feng. Otherwise, it would take me forever to reach full comprehension if I only know of space law and gold law.

He sat with his legs crossed for three years before he opened his eyes.

"Finally," he said, "I've finished understanding the first level of mysteries.

However, after understanding the first level, Luo Feng better grasped how incredible Star Tower truly was.

"I'm only able to fully comprehend the first level." He looked up at the center palace. "It should be easier to drive now."

Hong!

Luo Feng's eyes gleamed, and his godly power started to burn. Endless godly power immediately infused Star Tower, and the easiest engravings at the periphery were completely driven. Luo Feng felt much more comfortable.

I need to drive those warriors out before taking it back, he thought.

******

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

Beings of different races were being driven out through the portals at the bottom, and millions of beings showed up outside Star Tower. They were all in shock.

"What happened?"

"I was adventuring there, but I was driven out."

"Me too!"

"Why did Star Tower drive us out?"

All the other races were astounded. This had never happened in all the time since Star Tower showed up in the outer-domain battlefield.

All of them had been driven out today? It was bizarre!

"Look! The nine whirlpool nebulas disappeared!"

"They disappeared!"

All the undying fighters were shocked to their very core.

"Look! Star Tower is shrinking!"

"It's shrinking!"

Star Tower, which was nine light years tall, was quickly contracting. After only a short while, it became half a mile tall, and then, it disappeared completely.

"Star Tower disappeared!"

"How is that possible?"

Everyone was terrified.

The news spread like wildfire. No one exaggerated anything this time, but the news that Star Tower had disappeared was thousands of times more shocking than Luo Feng killing a universe overlord! A supreme true treasure craved by billions of races in the universe… had just vanished!