Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1098: Blood Cloud Palace

Surrounded by the rolling Nine Tiger River, Golden Horned Beast advanced and penetrated his way through carefully.

In the faraway darkness…

"That golden horned beast is making its way to Master's palace! We have to stop him. We cannot let him bother Master!"

"Silver Dragon, not even I am able to stop him. It's the same for you."

"I may not be able to stop him, but Black Sky… you are definitely able. Our powers may be comparable, but your godly body is much bigger than mine! With such a massive godly body, you may be able to pester him persistently and hold him back for a long time! But you are retreating after your first defeat. Don't you know that Master's stateliness should never be compromised? Yet you condoned the Golden Horned Beast's act of intruding into Master's palace!"

"No, Silver Dragon. His power is much stronger than you think. If he had really wanted to shake me off his tracks, there would have been no way I could stop him."

"What? You can't stop him? Could he possibly be a universe master?"

"Even if he isn't, his powers are comparable," Black Sky Horde Leader said. "We shall take things a step at a time. Let him meet with Master for now! Since he does not want to heed my advice, if he gets annihilated, we are not to blame… If he meets our Master and causes a disturbance, his only end will be to face annihilation!"

"That's right," another cold voice said. "That Golden Horned Beast is going to regret this."

"Let's go."

Black Sky Horde Leader, together with the other small figure on his body, disappeared quickly into the darkness.

******

Golden waves surged forward rapidly and swept through the void space, clearing all obstacles in its way.

Golden Horned Beast cast his gaze into the distance. Black Sky Horde Leader's words made him cautious. After all, this was the place Sitting Mountain Guest Teacher had arranged. Earlier, the third black metal board had been found to be with the Green Knight and Purple Knight; those were definitely universe overlords! As for the fourth black metal board, he'd had to meet with Craftsman Master. Now, for the fifth piece—the final black metal board—this would probably be an extraordinary experience, too.

"If he can enslave Black Sky Horde Leader, this 'Master' must be at least a universe master," Luo Feng speculated.

Following the intense beckoning of the black metal board, Golden Horned Beast advanced progressively.

******

Half an hour later, there were no longer any obstructions in the way. Obviously, all the other special life forms were apprehensive after witnessing the loss Black Sky Horde Leader had suffered. They gave up trying to stop this Golden Horned Beast.

"That annoying Golden Horned Beast. How dare he bother Master!"

"He is indeed very powerful; Sir Black Sky was defeated by him."

"We shall see. When he meets with Master, he is going to regret it. But by then, it will be too late for regrets."

******

Golden Horned Beast could faintly feel the other special life forms secretly watching him from afar, but they were not bothering him, so he did not feel like paying them any attention. Half an hour after he started out, amidst the dark mist ahead, the corner of the large palace started to show up indistinctly.

This towering palace was fully cloaked with a coat of blood red, and the single corner that was revealed was simply unbelievable.

"A palace?"

Golden Horned Beast manipulated Nine Tiger River to advance at a rapid speed, and soon, he arrived at the main doors of the palace. The doors seemed ordinary, but they exuded an overwhelming amount of power. Above the doors, there were three extremely complicated sets of secret engravings. Though they were indecipherable, the meanings of the three words were directly transmitted into his mind: Blood Cloud Palace!

"Blood Cloud Palace…?" Riding the rolling, golden waves in front of the palace, Golden Horned Beast's face registered a shocked expression. "The legendary Blood Cloud Palace? The… the fifth black metal board is here in Blood Cloud Palace."

Golden Horned Luo Feng was thunderstruck. At the same time, on the faraway Redbud Island, the moment his original earthling body got this news, it connected with the virtual universe without delay and started a deliberate investigation.

Luo Feng was no stranger to Blood Cloud Palace. It was very prominent among the billions of super great beings of various races in the universe. Yet wherever Blood Cloud Palace traversed became a sea of bloody massacres!

Blood Cloud Master was a strangely wicked character. Whenever he found a certain great being to be an eyesore, he would kill without a second thought, and the killing extended to the home of the great being. At times, he would even attack the core of a race's territory… When he had a target in mind, he killed without mercy!

However, as far as his background, identity, what race was he from, and his true power… all of these were unknown!

All that was known about him was that his Blood Cloud Palace was a flying-palace type true treasure. Back when it had run rampant in the universe, it killed countless and made enemies with almost 99 percent of all the powers in the universe! There were many universe masters who wanted him dead, but although Blood Cloud Palace Master was a loner, he was powerful to the extent of annihilating two universe masters single-handedly! The number of universe overlords who had fallen at his hands was even more alarming. Moreover, the moment he sensed that the situation might not be favorable to him, he would flee the scene in his Blood Cloud Palace at top speed.

Over the course of many long years, there had been no great being who could contain this Blood Cloud Palace Master! And if there was some power who went head-on with Blood Cloud Palace Master, he would react like a raving lunatic and conjure up all sorts of retaliation methods to deal with his opponent.

An evil lunatic, powerful and mysterious! This was Blood Cloud Palace Master!

No one knew where his home was, what the true threshold of his power was, whether he was a special life-form, or if he belonged to a certain race. Everything about him was a mystery. Because he was always dressed in a blood-red battle robe and wore a blood-red mask, his true appearance was also a mystery. During his craziest moments, he once made the entire universe hate him while he continued living at ease and comfort and even annihilated two universe masters.

Battles between universe masters were always close; the victor was always difficult to predict. Yet he had killed two! This was strong evidence of how overpowering he was.

Rumors had it that Blood Cloud Palace Master was of human origins! Because no matter how perverse Blood Cloud Palace Master was—killing and annihilating countless lives, including great beings from the Ancestral God School, the Northern Territory Alliance, the crystal clan, the prison clan, the bug clan, the demon clan, the automaton race, and the Space Beast Alliance—the human race was always free from harm…

As for the Nine Territories Alliance and others, which were one notch lower in strength, they would undoubtedly suffer a great deal.

If a universe overlord of a certain race was killed by Blood Could Palace Master, it was best to let the matter go. If the race decided to continue fighting on, they would suffer greater losses. After all, even the various top powers in the Ancestral God School were unsuccessful in dealing with this Blood Cloud Palace Master.

"Blood Cloud Palace," Golden Horned Beast said. It raised its head to look at the three engraved words on the top of the palace doors.

Back when Blood Cloud Palace Master ran rampant in the universe, so full of arrogance as if nobody could beat him, he was definitely a mysteriously overpowering presence. However, since that glorious period, rumors of him have dwindled. He eventually started to disappear from the scene. Thereafter, he only emerged twice. The last time he made an appearance was about three million eras ago. He has disappeared for much too long.

There has been no news at all, and various powers of the universe have speculated that Blood Cloud Palace Master must be one of the universe masters in disguise, assuming another identity. But there is no longer any need for this disguise now. So he has yet to make another appearance.

Luo Feng finished looking into the relevant detailed information that he found within the virtual universe. He only had one thought in mind. This was a lunatic! A powerful lunatic! He was a loner free of all constraints and attachments. Even top powers who fought him suffered in the end. Whoever came forth to provoke him… would simply have to fight!

Who would have known that the Blood Cloud Palace was hiding here? And with Black Sky Horde Leader guarding it!

Luo Feng was dumbfounded.

No wonder not a single great being could find it. After all, the universe masters do not really care much about visiting ancient secret regions, and the ordinary universe knights wouldn't even be able to make it to the doors with Black Sky Horde Leader standing guard. Various races of the universe only know that this is Black Sky Horde Leader's territory. What they didn't know… is that this is actually the home of Blood Cloud Palace Master.

"What should I do? Should I go in or not?"

Blood Cloud Palace Master's fame was overwhelming, his strength was overpowering, and he had killed two universe masters single-handedly. Based on calculated estimations, his power had to be a close match to Primal Chaos City Leader! No wonder Black Sky horde leader had been so confident earlier on. Moreover, Blood Cloud Palace was a flying-palace type true treasure. However, based on what he could sense, that black metal board was within this palace type true treasure.

"How about I enter this true treasure?" Golden Horned Beast hesitated for a while but was quick to come to a decision. "A flying-palace type true treasure's main purpose is to protect its owner! I have never heard of this Blood Cloud Palace being able to trap a great being."

Sou!

The palace doors were open. No more hesitation. Golden Horned Beast shrank the size of Nine Tiger River right away while flying straight for the palace doors.

Flying through the doors, he reached a gigantic and spacious public square from which he had a clear of three faraway palaces. The main palace was in the middle, while the other two were side palaces. Indistinctly, he could see that there seemed to be other palaces behind the main palace.

"It must be in the main palace."

Golden Horned Beast could clearly sense the intense beckoning from where he was, so at top speed, he flew in the direction of the main palace.

The main palace exuded a murderous and overbearing aura that seemed to know no limit. As Golden Horned Beast entered, a blood-red throne in the main palace was the first sight that greeted him. But there was no one on the throne.

"Where is Blood Cloud Palace Master? Could it be that he is not here?"

He is the master of Blood Cloud Palace. The moment I entered, he should have been able to sense my presence. Why is he not showing himself?

Such thoughts were running through Golden Horned Beast's mind, but he did not show signs of hesitation. He had to act. Following the beckoning, he speedily arrived at the rear chamber of the main palace! The palace was divided into the main palace, several other side palaces, and many rear chambers. Golden Horned Beast moved at an alarming speed along the corridors. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

"Here it is."

He rammed his way through the doors and entered and found his way into a secret room.

Upon entering, the sight that greeted Golden Horned Beast was mildly startling. In this room, there was a large quantity of valuables that exuded various kinds of powerful auras. Judging by their auras, there must have been a large amount of precious materials among them… There was a startling number of treasures in the room. Even at one quick glance, he could see at least several tens of thousands of treasures, of which there must be as many as 100 true treasures. Based on Luo Feng's assessment, these should only be ordinary true treasures!

"Is this a treasure vault?" Luo Feng wondered. "But the doors were pushed open so easily. No… This is Blood Cloud Palace, how can its master be so confident? Just laying everything out in the open? My guess is, to Blood Cloud Palace Master, these may not be precious after all."

Hundreds of true treasures, tens of thousands of treasures, vast amounts of materials… All of them gave this treasure vault a boundless breath of life. Yet Golden Horned Beast only had eyes for that one item placed directly in the middle of the materials—a piece of black metal board that seemed to be incomplete.

"The fifth piece!"

However, Golden Horned Beast felt strange. Could it really be this easy?

Sou!

A thread of godly power shot out from the sharp pointed tip of Golden Horned Beast's horns and intruded on the metal board. Very quickly, the last section of information from the Nine Volume Manual surged into Luo Feng's consciousness in a frenzied, unrestrained manner.