Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1104: Ancestral God Fights Devil God

"Ancestral God?" Luo Feng looked to where the voice came from. A being flew up from an ordinary palace close to his palace. It was a great being of another race that was dozens of feet tall and had six arms. He was in human form with thick legs, but he had a face on each side of his head. The face at the front looked amiable with a smiled, yet the one at the back was dark and fierce.

Each of his six arms was grasping a short stick, and there were four sections on each stick, making them look like parrying daggers from Earth. Three of the parrying daggers were black while the other three were white, and power flowed around each parrying dagger.

"Ancestral God is living beside me?" Luo Feng was started. He had been practicing on Redbud Island for 62 years and hadn't known that the Ancestral God was living beside him until now.

The amiable face of Ancestral God looked at the sky, and his voice was transmitted from the space and time under his control to the space and time under Virtual-Real Devil Master's control.

"Virtual-Real Devil Master, get out!" he said. "I'll pretend that you were never here."

"Haha! It's Double-Face Ancestral God!" said Virtual-Real Devil Master. "You dare to be so arrogant in front of me! Humph! I've never given a damn about your so-called Ancestral God School, and I always go wherever I want! Who can stop me? I'll kill that human Luo Feng today, and you won't be able to stop me!"

The space and time controlled by the being in the black mist were pushed down after his gloating.

Hong! Long!

The power from the space and time controlled by Devil Master was stronger.

Peng!

Double-Face Ancestral God looked up, and the space under his control also surged.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

When the two universe spaces clashed against each other, the Five-color Aurora Lake started to launch attacks. All the auroras shrank and merged together, forming a golden pillar. The universe space controlled by Virtual-Real Devil Master was slashed as if there were a gully.

"No wonder it's a supreme true treasure." Luo Feng looked up and was awed. "That universe space is completely under the control of Virtual-Real Devil Master, and even universe operation law has backed off! It's more incredible than the control on time and space by universe masters, and it's still powerless under a supreme true treasure."

The golden pillar dashed down, and a dark space gully extended toward Virtual-Real Devil Master.

"Ha!" Virtual-Real Devil Master suddenly looked up, and black mist permeated. "Five-color Aurora Lake? Scram!"

Virtual-Real Devil master roared, and armor appeared that trembled the surrounding space. It was a mysterious suit of armor with blood stains on it. The armor integrated with each inch of the sky of Virtual-Real Devil Master.

A dark hollow that was more than 30 square feet appeared. The golden pillar kept bombarding Virtual-Real Devil Master, but the armor withstood it!

Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng!

Each inch of the space sparked like fireworks. The universe space controlled by Virtual-Real Devil Master crumbled into particles, yet the space controlled by the Ancestral God was stable.

Luo Feng saw Virtual-Real Devil Master clearly. Virtual-Real Devil Master fell a little bit, and the golden pillar was dissipated. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"Hahaha! I have a supreme true treasure to protect me!" Virtual-Real Devil Master said. "Nobody in the universe oceans can kill me! Let alone you, Double-Face Ancestral God!" He followed this sentiment by recklessly roaring, "Universe space, break!"

Hong!

The being in black mist dove, and his right foot stamped and ground! His right foot wore an ancient boot, which obviously was a component of a supreme true treasure. The ancient boot twisted the time and space under its impact. The flow of time was in disorder, and space was cracked.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

The space controlled by Ancestral God was also cracked, as he wasn't able to resist that attack.

"Virtual-Real Devil Master, you're being outrageous!"

Double-Face Ancestral God switched faces. The dark black face moved to the forefront and glared at Virtual-Real Devil Master. He roared in anger and flew up. Each of his arms was carrying a parrying dagger. With the daggers being waved, three black airflows and three white airflows were formed. They were combined and formed a complex black-and-white airflow picture!

The picture gushed, and the right foot stamped down!

Hong!

The moment they touched, the power of the supreme true treasure Virtual-Real Devil Master was carrying and the power all the six pinnacle true treasures carried by Ancestral God was merged… The attacking ability of the protection true treasure Virtual-Real Devil Master had was only an accessory, and the attacking power of it was not much different from the true treasures Ancestral God had.

"Virtual-Real, get the hell out!"

All six arms of Double-Face Ancestral God waved, and the attacks from each parrying dagger overlaid with each other, making them more powerful! The universe spaces controlled by them were trembling.

Luo Feng could feel the space around him trembling. He wanted secretly to run away. However, it was safest for him to stay in the time and space controlled by Ancestral God. Besides, two universe supreme masters were fighting, and the space and time controlled by them were unstable. He wasn't able to leave using god country transportation!

I can't even run away, he thought. There's a universe supreme master trying to kill me.

Luo Feng gazed at the fight between the two universe supreme masters in the sky. Although the fight only affected the spaces controlled by them, the spaces were sometimes dismantled and became particles. And sometimes, the particles gathered again. He could feel how terrific it was. Virtual-Real Devil Master was using a supreme true treasure! Ancestral God was using six black-and-white parrying daggers! Perhaps universe masters could be killed!

"Virtual-Real Devil Master, don't blame me! Five-color Aurora Lake!" Ancestral God roared.

Five-color Aurora Lake, which had been only partly utilized, immediately shrank. It was the guarding true treasure of the Ancestral God School that covered several square light years. But now, it was shrinking. All the auroras shrank to the size of rice grains, then formed a giant, five-colored blade.

"Cut!"

The five-color giant blade slashed down! The six parrying blades slashed at Virtual-Real Devil Master again…

"Damn Ancestral God! Damn you!" Virtual-Real Devil master bellowed.

He needed to defend himself from attacks from the five-color giant blade and the six parrying daggers from Ancestral God at once. He wasn't able to handle them at the same time and got hit several times, which consumed his godly body.

"You're pushing me!" Virtual-Real Devil Master raised his head and roared. "Ahhhhh!" The space around him cracked.

Ancestral God bounced away. The giant blade couldn't get close.

Neither Ancestral God nor the five-color giant blade could get close, and the force from Virtual-Real Devil Master was inconceivably strong, which stunned Luo Feng who was watching down there. Rumor had it that universe supreme masters were restricted by the universe operation, and thus, they could only show power that was slightly stronger than universe masters. How could they be that strong! Neither Ancestral God nor the supreme true treasure could get close.

"Virtual-Real Devil Master, this is the original universe!" Ancestral God shouted.

"Ya!"

Virtual-Real Devil Master looked omnipotent. He disregarded the five-color giant blade and dove down. At the same time, a golden chain showed up in the space, and it bound the arm of Virtual-Real Devil Master, making it difficult for him to hit down.

"No!" Virtual-Real Devil Master was terrified.

Another green chain extended from space and entangled the other arm of Virtual-Real Devil Master. A navy blue chain extended from space… Chains continued to come out of space, bearing down Virtual-Real Devil Master.

"Damn it!" Virtual-Real Devil master roared, exasperated. However, his force got weaker and weaker, and the chains stopped giving out power as he grew weaker.

Virtual-Real Devil Master looked down. "Double-Face Ancestral God, this is the original universe! You're not my match in Universe Ocean!"

Double-Face Ancestral God looked up. "Unfortunately for you, you're in the original universe now! Each of us three Ancestral Gods can outpower you! In the original universe, nobody can challenge us! We're the guardians of universe operation law, and we're given grace by the universe origin. Give up! Do you want to challenge the universe origin?"

Virtual-Real Devil Master glared down. Double-Face Ancestral God glared up.

"Good," Virtual-Real Devil Master snorted. "You'll learn the consequences in Universe Ocean."

"We never go to Universe Ocean!" said Double-Face Ancestral God.

Virtual-Real Devil Master clenched his teeth. The Ancestral God School couldn't roam the Universe Ocean, but it was sitting in the crown in the original universe.

"Little one," said Virtual-Real Devil Master. He glanced at Luo Feng, who was in shock. "You got lucky today!"

Hong!

Virtual-Real Devil Master surged much faster than light. He broke out of the Five-Color Aurora Lake and disappeared.

The shattered universe space went back to being peaceful, and nothing on Redbud Island was damaged. Other candidates only felt the space trembling. They had no idea what had just happened.

Luo Feng stared at the sky. Both Ancestral God and Virtual-Real Devil Master had disappeared.

Then Luo Feng heard the voice of Ancestral God. "Come here, Luo Feng."