Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1107: Disguise

Luo Feng leaned back and put his legs on the desk. He kept his eyes closed and reviewed what he had just read about universe masters and universe supreme masters.

"There are differences between the power of universe masters, and it's difficult for a universe master to kill another one unless there is a huge gap of power between them. As for universe supreme masters, they're slightly stronger even than the most powerful universe masters, but they're rare. There is only one universe supreme master within our race, and he is Huge Axe Creator! Besides, if they kill universe masters, they'll be punished by the universe… Which makes it extremely difficult for universe masters to die!"

Luo Feng nodded. It didn't necessarily mean that their power prevented them from dying. But apparently, this was one of the reasons it was unlikely. Aside from that, some supreme beings weren't willing to act on something unless the valuables were attractive enough—such as the fights for true treasures on the original stars. Those were some of the only scenarios that would lead to the deaths of universe masters.

"What should I do? The automaton race, demon race, and bug race asked a universe supreme master to kill me. What should I do?"

Luo Feng kept thinking. Even a fool could tell that Virtual-Real Devil Master had been hired by the bug race, demon race, and automaton race.

"Ancestral God defended me this time. However, he can't keep being my bodyguard. What am I going to do next time? Although it's almost impossible for the three races to invite a universe supreme master to attack me again, they might be more well-prepared next time. It's certainly not outside the realm of possibility."

Luo Feng frowned. It was tricky. He had a supreme true treasure, Star Tower, and he didn't need to be afraid of universe supreme masters! But it was also a problem for him! How could he defend himself against a universe supreme master? Was a top-tier universe overlord able to resist a universe supreme master? What a joke! If he did, everyone would be able to figure out that he must own an incredible true treasure; otherwise, there would be no way he could survive against a universe supreme master.

"If a universe supreme master comes to kill me and Ancestral God can't stop him in time, my secret will be exposed."

Luo Feng kept thinking. He wouldn't just die that easily. If pressed, he would fight! And if he survived against a universe supreme master, everyone would figure out that he had an incredible valuable. Besides, the disappearance of Star Tower had led to turmoil in the universe, and if Luo Feng could survive against a universe supreme master, many would surmise that Luo Feng had something to do Star Tower.

"If that happens, I'll be in deep trouble," he mumbled. "Perhaps there are quite a few universe supreme masters who have their eyes on Star Tower, and if they speculate that I took it, they'll come after me. They won't need the request of the bug race, demon race, or automaton race. Then what would I do? Hide? I'm not going to live in Star Tower forever!"

Luo Feng kept contemplating with his eyes closed.

There are two ways, he decided. One, I hide in the original universe until I become a universe master. However, it is extremely difficult to turn into a universe master from a universe knight. I might not be able to make it even if I spend another 180 million years. Besides, the longer it takes, the more anxious and angrier those three alliances will get. They might even attack my family.

The fight among great beings rarely involved families, but this guideline only applied to the human race! However, killings among races were ruthless, as the ultimate goal was to annihilate the enemy races! They would go to any lengths! Remote Ocean body, who was more powerful than top-tier universe overlords, was guarding Earth, and it was heavily defended. Unless a universe master was sent out…

Second, I can trick them into thinking that I'm a universe master! Luo Feng thought. Why are they so keen to kill me? Because they're afraid I'll become a universe master… If they believe I already am a universe master, they'll regret that they didn't kill me earlier. Even if they want to ask a universe supreme leader to kill me, they won't agree to do so as easily, as the punishment for killing a universe master is really heavy.

Two options… Luo Feng immediately eliminated the first possibility, as he didn't know how long it would take him to become a universe master… Plenty of universe knights remained stuck at the universe-overlord level for an eternity! Besides, he hadn't even completed the fifth level of the beast god path yet! It'd take him a very long time to complete the seventh level of the beast god path. Besides, Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest also didn't want him to hide and train himself. Instead, he wanted him to fight to improve himself. He might never become a universe master if he just kept practicing in a safe place.

"I can only choose the second option," said Luo Feng. "Okay. I'll disguise myself as a universe master."

My godly body is very close to that of a universe master. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Based on the information he gathered, a godly body would surge 100 times when someone turned from a universe knight to a universe master, which meant the weakest universe masters' godly bodies were as powerful as universe knights with life gene level of 10,000 times!

Godly bodies are equal, thought Luo Feng. And my mind and willpower are at universe-master level. So are my techniques. He nodded. I have a pinnacle technique of universe masters, Golden Mountain, and an ultimate technique of universe masters, Golden Light. If I perform these two techniques often, I'll demonstrate that I have the power of a universe-master! The only weakness is that I'm not able to control a space and time.

Control over space and time could both suppress enemies. And it could also be used to reverse time to resurrect some universe knights and undying fighters.

The fights between universe masters are so intense that control over space and time is useless. It's only used to restrain the weak. No one will force me to resurrect anyone by turning back time.

"Okay," Luo Feng said with a nod.

It was completely feasible. The most convincing one was his techniques. He needed to perform his universe-master level techniques Golden Mountain and Golden Light more often to let more supreme beings know. They would quickly see that they were techniques of the universe master level, and engraving-picture path was obviously a secret! Only universe masters were able to create ultimate techniques of universe masters; this was common sense in the original universe—without knowledge of engraving-picture path.

"I can totally do it!" Luo Feng nodded. "I just need to prove it by fighting."

Since Luo Feng was determined to make all the races in the universe believe that he was a universe master, he needed to prove it in battle! And the fights needed to be credible!

"Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest wanted me to kill ten universe overlords or one universe master, and if I can accomplish that, he'll make me a pinnacle true treasure. I can't guarantee that I can kill a universe master, as I've never fought one, and I might not be able to control it. I can't make any mistakes. It needs to be a perfect fight! I need to thrill all the races and convince them that I'm a universe master! I need to let the bug race, the demon race, and the automaton race believe that I've become a universe master and that it will be costly to kill me!"

Luo Feng stood up immediately. "Babata!" he shouted.

The intelligent life form answered, "Master?"

"Gather all the information on the top-tier universe overlords from demon race, the automaton race, and the bug race, and the top-tier universe overlords of the alliances they belonged to. I'll read all the information and pick some to fight." He had decided to pick from the three races.

"Yes, Master!"

Hua!

After only a short while…

"All the information has been gathered," said Babata. "The information is very detailed. It includes their past, their fighting records, their power, and the true treasures they have."

"I'll read them one by one," said Luo Feng.

Just when Luo Feng was choosing his prey, he received an email from Primal Chaos City Leader. It simply read, "Come!"

Luo Feng immediately stopped and rushed to the godly palace where Primal Chaos City Leader was staying.

******

Endless air permeated, and a round table that looked like jade was placed in front of the godly palace. There were two beings sitting there. One of them was Primal Chaos City Leader while the other was a giant man with a dragon tail who wore baggy armor. He sat there like a mountain.

Luo Feng immediately realized that he was also a universe master.

"Luo Feng, this is Long Yan Master," Primal Chaos City Leader said when he saw Luo Feng.

"Teacher, Long Yan Master." Luo Feng gave a salutation.

"Luo Feng." Primal Chaos City Leader turned around. "I called you here for something vital. Based on our intelligence, something big happened in the Ancestral God School. The supreme true treasure Five-Color Aurora Lake suddenly disappeared before it showed itself again, yet no candidates on Redbud Island know what happened. Do you know what that means? That means a space and time were controlled, and none of the great beings knew what happened."

"Though universe masters are able to control space and time, they're not capable of doing that," continued Primal Chaos City Leader. "Only universe supreme masters can! Universe supreme masters cover everything, and that Five-Color Aurora Lake disappeared. It's likely that a universe supreme master trespassed in the center of the Ancestral God School."

Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng. "Did that universe supreme master go after you?"