Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1110: The Melee

In the virtual universe, Thunder Island, Luo Feng sat in the study of his palace.

A large screen that was suspended in midair listed detailed information about the latest updates on Sky Flower Knight's movements and the coordinates of his current whereabouts.

"Original Star Number 02933." Luo Feng revealed a trace of a smile. "Sky Flower Knight seems to be having quite a few rewarding years recently. Just based on what great beings of various races have heard, he obtained a senior true treasure and close to ten ordinary true treasures. Sky Flower Knight, if you have taken these true treasures back to where your demon clan is, then count yourself lucky. If not… all of these shall be mine."

His consciousness may have been connected to the virtual universe, but the moment Luo Feng's original earthling body caught wind of the news, he left Redbud Island immediately. He used god country transportation and returned to his god country. This was because he needed to bring his Golden Horned Beast body with him.

"This time around, we are going to the original star. Original star, where even universe masters and universe supreme beings are unable to teleport, and within it… Even if I were to be discovered, or the other races are after my life, I will still have to fly slowly."

Luo Feng nodded to himself, at other places, the moment his whereabouts were discovered, his enemies might appear very soon, but on the Original Star, it would be difficult for them to reach him that quickly.

"But, that is still an original star! This is a place where billions of great beings gather. I must stay vigilant."

"This concerns my battle to fame." Luo Feng would be giving his all, with Golden Horned Beast and Mosha bodies, he started making his way to the original star.

******

First, Luo Feng entered Original Star Number 03921. In the star, he flew alone for about half a day, then reached the whirlpool leading to Original Star Number 02933. After deliberation, he discovered that this was the fastest way of arriving at this Original Star.

In the sky above the vast ocean of Original Star Number 02933 was a gigantic whirlpool tunnel, and a burly, flaming figure flew through it at that moment. He was around 30 feet tall and black all over, and every inch of his godly body was spurting flames periodically.

"I have reached the original star."

Luo Feng looked at his flaming body and laughed. He was in the form of his Mosha body as he rushed his way here and had allowed his Mosha body to display its talent technique of Replication, where it replicated a certain universe overlord out of the various special life forms under Blood Cloud Palace's command. The other universe overlords had their merits too, but a universe overlord sporting just one head with a pair of hands and legs was hard to come by; Luo Feng was still used to human form. Behind him, he carried a long battle sword that was around 18 feet long. This true treasure sword was none other than "Bo He."

Sou!

With his blade behind him, the burly, flaming body swept across space at high speed, flew across the ocean, and arrived at an area that consisted of more lands. Then he flew high in the skies enveloping a vast swamp area. He continued flying for around a day when he started to approach a location with coordinates provided by Kuang Zhou Knight.

"It should be here."

Although he had been in flight for a whole day, Luo Feng was still unsettled at heart. Luo Feng started to slow down while observing his surroundings. Kuang Zhou Knight had provided him with the coordinates of Sky Flower Knight's whereabouts discovered by a great being from the Hong Alliance, but that had been discovered three days ago. After three days, there were bound to be changes. He watched carefully along the way.

After half an hour, Luo Feng landed in a small lake within the swamp. The moment his feet touched the water's surface, the flames encircling his ankles created hissing, chi, chi sounds as the flames were distinguished and smoke started to rise from the lake water.

"Nothing? He's not here?" Luo Feng frowned. "I have scoured the entire area of this domain, but still, I do not see Sky Flower Knight."

Sou!

Luo Feng soared high into the sky, and into the extreme limits of space. Then he regained flying at a high speed as he started conducting another round of search on a much larger scale. After all, it had only been three days since the great being from the Hong Alliance had spotted Sky Flower Knight. In those three days, Sky Flower Knight would not have time to leave this original star. He had to still be in the area.

Luo Feng expanded his area of search in a circular manner. When he was half an hour into his search, he suddenly detected a unique aura approaching and spreading out in all directions. This threw Luo Feng—who was preoccupied with his search—off-guard in surprise. He had been roaming and wandering about the original stars, so he was experienced enough to be able to tell that this was the aura of an emerging treasure.

"What a strong aura!" said Luo Feng. "Very strong. It must be a true treasure, and possibly a senior true treasure. To think I came here in search for Sky Flower Knight and have coincidentally been met with the birth of a true treasure!"

Luo Feng laughed. Then his eyes lit up. "That's right, discovering the birth of a true treasure. If I have sensed it, then Sky Flower Knight will discover it too, if he is in the vicinity! Then he will be rushing over as fast as he can… Hahaha…!"

Sou!

Luo Feng made an arc in the sky as he changed course to head off toward where the source of aura was detected, flying at breakneck speed.

******

As the aura started to spread, those who were nearer to where the birth had taken place would naturally discover it first. "It's a true treasure. It must be the birth of a senior true treasure!"

"Quick!"

"Let's hurry over."

"Such a strong true treasure aura! Quick! As fast as we can! We will earn a fortune if we can get it."

"Let's hope we are the first to make it there."

Those who were slightly further away were late to discover it. Yet regardless of earlier or later, countless teams of knights from top powers of the universe—as well as lone wanderers such as universe overlords and top-tier universe overlords—all rushed over to the source of the aura as fast as they could.

"Haha! My luck is good. I managed to chance upon the birth of a senior true treasure. This aura is definitely one of a senior true treasure!" Exuding an overbearing bloody aura, this great being grinned. He was of a race that sported a huge, blood-red eye vertically in the middle of his face, was covered with snow-white hair, and walked with a crooked back.

He was none other than Sky Flower Knight! A sky wolf who once managed to soul transfer with a special life-form!

"Previously, to trade for true treasure White Needle, I contributed almost all of my other true treasures to the race," he said. "How poor I am. Now that a senior true treasure has emerged… Hmm-hmm. The more powerful the true treasure, the slower its birth will be. By the time I rush over, I think it may not have fully emerged. This treasure is mine."

Sky Flower Knight gave a shrill laugh. At the same time, he transformed into light and dashed toward the source of the aura.

******

Teams, lone wanderers, or small groups of threes and fives all rushed over to the source of the aura. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Hong!

Hong!

A crazy surge of energy spread outward in all directions in a wave. Luo Feng had not reached the destination but could already feel the strong energy waves spreading.

Seems like the battle has already begun for this true treasure, thought Luo Feng.

At this moment, Remote Ocean's consciousness, which was constantly connected to the virtual universe, received a message Kuang Zhou Knight had just sent over.

"Blade River, Blade River! Original Star Number 02933, which was the location of the coordinates I have previously provided you with—there is fighting going on at a location not far from that place. There are powerfully strong waves. Sky Flower Knight is over there right now and is fighting a battle."

"He is really there!"

Luo Feng could not contain his delight and continued heading towards the source of the aura. At a far distance away, there was a vast and spacious forest, and the battle was going on in that very forest. One look at the groups of knights from various races suspended in midair, and Luo Feng easily counted over 20.

He flew high up into the sky of the vast, spacious forest and looked down from where he was. There were three figures below him. One was a figure covered in snow-white hair who looked exceptionally violent. His hands were holding two heavenly hammers, and with a formidable stance, he charged toward the other two great beings without inhibitions. The other two knights, with equally big godly bodies, were also holding their true treasures and retaliating.

Luo Feng looked down and nodded his head. Demon clan: Sky Flower Knight. Nine Territory Alliance: Zha Wei Horde Leader and Thousand Shadow Knight. No wonder no one is willing to give in. It turns out there are two universe overlords.

Sky Flower Knight may have been strong, but he was only strong in terms of his life gene level, which was as high as around 2,000 times. Zha Wei horde leader and Thousand Island Knight's life gene levels were both 100 times. Their powers were obviously inferior by one level. However, they both had relatively large godly bodies, so the only disadvantage they had was that one level of difference. Zha Wei horde leader was a fighter while Thousand Shadow Knight was a Spirit Reader.

With both working hand-in-hand, they definitely made a worthy fight.

They were not keen on defeating Sky Flower Knight; they only wanted to buy some time, so that when the true treasure was fully emerged, they would be the first to snatch it away. Now that the senior true treasure, a blue-colored true treasure heavenly hammer, was already halfway out. The handle of the hammer was already fully exposed. The hammer's head was gradually emerging too.

"One top-tier universe overlord and two universe overlords. The true treasure will definitely be taken by either one of them. Just my luck. If there was only one universe overlord, I would still take the gamble. But three of them, one of whom is one top-tier universe overlord…"

High up in the sky, some other knights of different races were shaking their heads helplessly, not daring to intervene. Under Sky Flower Knight's attacks, Zha Wei horde leader and Thousand Shadow Knight could still put up a tough fight. As for them, mere universe knights, trying to fight him was rushing to their doom!

******

Luo Feng was suspended high up in the air, looking down in silence.

"Who is that?" someone said.

"Not someone I know of, but his aura is pretty strong. And he is a lone wanderer, so it's highly possible that he is a universe overlord."

"Seems like this universe overlord is waiting for an opportunity."

All the knights of different races started discussing among themselves. They were aware that from this level of fighting for the treasure, there would be no chance for them—mere knights—to intervene at all!

******

"Zha Wei Horde Leader and Thousand Shadow Knight… both of you want to snatch my treasure away?" Sky Flower Knight roared. The blood-red vertical eye was incomparably fearsome and insane. "The true treasure that emerged this time is a heavenly hammer true treasure. Heavenly hammer is the weapon I wield, so this should belong to me. With the two of you trying to back me into a corner, do not blame me for not showing mercy!"

"What bullsh*t! Both of us may not be your match, but if you think you can kill us easily, dream on."

"Should we both fear you?"

Zha Wei Horde Leader and Thousand Shadow Knight were extremely crazy. Zha Wei Horde Leader never failed to put up tough resistance, while Thousand Island Knight would use his spiritual force to transform 1,000 phantoms that could envelop all of heaven and earth, thus pestering Sky Flower Knight into a crazy frenzy. Sky Flower Knight could only use his huge hammer to blast away their attacks. Yet Zha Wei Horde Leader and Thousand Shadow Knight were not in a hurry at all. They were both waiting for an opportunity—waiting for the moment the true treasure was fully emerged, when they would snatch it away immediately.

Time passed by. The three were in a continual state of crossfire, while the other knights high above watched without daring to intervene. Luo Feng, too, watched silently.

"Almost."

"The true treasure will soon be born."

The eyes of Zha Wei Horde Leader and Thousand Shadow Knight lit up.

"Thousand Island, our last chance. All depends on you."

"Leave it to me!" Thousand Shadow Knight said, his eyes filled with insanity.

When it was time to fight, he just had to fight like crazy. Treasures had to be fought for.

"Wanting this for yourselves is wishful thinking!" Sky Flower Knight roared.

He made his way toward the treasure. He did not want to be so far away from it, but Zha Wei Horde Leader and Thousand Shadow Knight were attacking aggressively. Their might was overwhelming. Every attack would end up with both sides retreating violently.

And while they fought, Luo Feng had been gradually descending toward them…

"The treasure is born!"

"It's born!"

In a split second, every knight in the air was electrified with excitement.

Hua!

Sky Flower Knight, Zha Wei Horde Leader, and Thousand Shadow Knight all reacted as one; at the same time, they noticed a figure already swooping down from midair.