Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1113: Encirclement

Three beings arrived in the sky. They were the three universe supreme masters from three pinnacle races.

The silver snake head said, "Luo Feng showed up on the original stars, and he has the power of a universe master!"

"I've got the report as well," said the phantom. "Sky Flower Knight of your demon race fought Luo Feng, and he's no match at all. He survived because of his flying-palace type true treasure."

"I have the information, too," said the breathtaking being.

"Good," said the silver snake head. "It's a great opportunity. We can cooperate with each other and kill him now."

"Of course we have too, but is he actually a universe master?" the breathtaking being said.

"I want to know, too," said the phantom.

Although none of them believed Luo Feng could have become a universe master in such a short time, they all knew that the universe was constantly changing, and miracles were possible.

The silver snake said, "I'm not sure! Of course, I hope he's a universe master!"

The universe supreme masters from the automaton race and the bug race wished the same thing, as Luo Feng was already too powerful, and it would be better if he actually was a universe master. If he was already a universe master, it meant Luo Feng wouldn't be too powerful later.

"I think he has an incredible inherited technique, and that was how he hurt my disciple," said the silver snake head. "If he's a universe knight, we need to kill him! Even if he's a universe master, we can still eradicate him. What do you think? My demon race alone might not succeed, but we have a much greater chance if we cooperate."

Father God of Automaton race and Empress of Bug Race both went silent.

"I agree!"

"I'm on board!"

They both answered.

"Nobody can stop us if we cooperate," the silver snake said with a smile. "I think we send three universe masters each, and nine universe masters go to that original star at the same time to encircle them."

"Nine universe masters?"

"You're overestimating Luo Feng."

The Empress and Father God were reluctant, as there weren't enough universe masters within their races.

"We can't give him any chance if we want to kill him," said the silver snake head. "Otherwise, he'll get away and be stronger. If it weren't for that man being so crazy, our races would be suppressed by the human race! Don't underestimate the humans. They have great potential! I see that crazy man on Luo Feng."

"No…"

"How is it possible?"

All of them were terrified, thinking of the crazy man who was annihilated.

"Think about how long Luo Feng has practiced," said the silver snake head.

"I'll send three," said the breathtaking being.

"I'll send three as well," said the phantom.

All the universe supreme masters reached a consensus. Together, they would send nine universe masters, along with a great number of universe knights, to kill Luo Feng! And the other powers would make sure the Hong Alliance didn't meddle!

******

Luo Feng was flying on Original Star Number 02933, and a white shuttle was following him.

"Still following me?" Luo Feng looked behind him. "All the three races have got the information, and they might have made a plan already. Fortunately, they don't know my trump card. It'll be a wonderful fight."

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Boundless golden waves showed up, and the white shuttle was covered by the waves, which slowed it down.

"Nine Tiger River?" Sky Flower Knight lowered his head, and his eye glinted disdainfully. "Want to get away? Don't count on it."

His godly power permeated.

Hong!

"Useless! I'm in the Nine Tiger River, and you're controlling it. If you're a bit farther than me and I get out of it, I can keep following you."

Sky Flower Knight was confident.

Time flew. Nine Tiger River moved forward, and Sky Flower Knight was in Nine Tiger River. After a while…

"Why is he squandering his godly power by using Nine Tiger River?" Sky Flower Knight smirked, but then he was dazed. "Wait! Space law domain!"

Sky Flower Knight performed law domain.

Hong! Long!

Two law domains clashed with each other, and Sky Flower Knight felt something wrong from the clash. Why did Luo Feng keep stopping him from inspection?

Sky Flower Knight heard a laugh, and the golden river disappeared.

"Hahaha! Sky Flower Knight. How stupid are you!"

A towering Golden Horned Beast with six horns was standing in the sky.

A head with snowy hair showed up from the shuttle and said, "Where's Luo Feng?"

The Golden Horned Beast smiled. "He's not here anymore."

"Damn Golden Horned Beast! How are you controlling the Nine Tiger River?" Sky Flower Knight was anxious and infuriated.

"We're best friends, and I've been adventuring through the original stars with him," said the Golden Horned Beast. "I've been hiding in his world ring. He's already put Nine Tiger River back into the world ring and taken back his life imprint. That's how I use it." Golden Horned Beast smiled. "As for Luo Feng? He's flown far away."

"Damn it…" said Sky Flower Knight.

He clenched his teeth. He remembered that Luo Feng won the name of top-tier universe overlord because he had slaughtered a great many universe knights of other races, and many of them claimed to have been killed by a black, strange beast—or a Golden Horned Beast!

"How could I forget about the Golden Horned Beast!" Sky Flower Knight said, irritated.

"Haha! Perhaps you can still catch Luo Feng now." Golden Horned Beast smiled, waved his wings, and flew away.

Sky Flower Knight was angry with himself. He had been tricked!

Inside the virtual space of the demon race, Sky Flower Knight had to report to his teacher, Dream Demon Ancestor. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"Teacher," he said. "I lost Luo Feng."

******

Lost him!

All the races were irritated, but they couldn't do anything but change the plan immediately. They had to order the great beings from the demon race alliance, the bug race alliance, and the automaton race alliance to search for Luo Feng on Original Star Number 02933. They sent nine universe masters to that original star.

******

"Coming after me?"

Luo Feng flew through the sky to where he meant to meet Golden Horned Beast.

"That Sky Flower Knight was underestimating me. He was so easily tricked."

Luo Feng was smiling when suddenly…

Hong!

Everything went silent!

The first universe master of the nine universe masters sent arrived at the original star, following the boundless energy. All the universe knights went quiet. They all knew that a universe master had arrived!

"You're dead, Luo Feng!" a deep voice said, trembling the ground.

Luo Feng smiled. "Which universe master is it?"

"Bug race alliance, Master of Banff!" came the answer.

"You, want to kill me?" Luo Feng chuckled. Luo Feng laughed louder and louder without caring about the space constraint around him. He kept flying.

"These are Luo Feng's coordinates."

"Go there!"

"Encircle him."

The alliances quickly gave the order, and a great many universe knights on that original star went toward those coordinates, and even great beings of the three alliances on other original stars flew there.

Hong Alliance got the information immediately and quickly made arrangements.

Hong!

On Original Star Number 02933, where Master of Banff stayed, another universe master had arrived. However, the space and time were in disorder because of the fight to control space and time, and neither of them was able to control the space and time.

"It's a universe master from the Hong Alliance," Luo Feng realized.

At the same time, Luo Feng got an email from his teacher, Primal Chaos City Leader. It read: "Luo Feng, Long Yan Master has already arrived at your original star! This time, all the three pinnacle races will try their best to kill you, and our alliance can only stall them. Even if I go there, I'll be constrained. I heard that you have the power of a universe master now? Can you guarantee you will survive that? Self-destruct if you can't. Understand?"

The Hong Alliance wasn't worried. They'd given Luo Feng the soul type true treasure Afterimage. They knew that Luo Feng had the clone technique, and the worst he would suffer would be the loss of some true treasures.

"Of course, I can," Luo Feng replied.

"This is getting more and more interesting," he said to himself. "Time will tell. I don't know how this fight will end…"

Luo Feng beamed.