Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1116: Blood Light

He had a towering body with a huge dragon tail extending from the base of his spine. He looked up at the black ocean, and under his burning godly power, the entire black ocean was suppressed; it couldn't get close to him.

"Floating Mountain Ocean?" Long Yan Master whispered. "Tong Ling Master is here, too." His eyes glinted with concern. "They sent Tong Ling Master. He is quite a handful. All the universe masters sent by the three alliances are extraordinary, and it seems that they really want Luo Feng's life."

"Our alliance can't do anything!" Long Yan Master exclaimed. "Even if the Hong Alliance put all our efforts and sent Huge Axe Creator to come here, the three alliances can also send a universe supreme master to constrain Huge Axe Creator, and it might be bloodier later."

The Hong Alliance wasn't afraid of any one-to-one combat. However, it could only disturb the cooperation of three alliances.

"Luo Feng's power has surged too fast. His progress intimidates the three alliances, and the three alliances who've been fighting each other have set aside their feud and formed a single alliance." Long Yan Master shook his head and looked at the dangerous area. "Luo Feng, you're on your own, now. The best we can do is to stall them."

******

Nobody knew how Luo Feng's current situation. The three-race alliance didn't know it, and neither did Hong Alliance.

"Hahaha… Everyone who has tried to stop me has died! Die! Nobody can survive."

Luo Feng looked peaceful, but his eyes were glinting ferociously. Actually, the spiritual-force crystal in his head had been giving Luo Feng a headache while he was on the earth. And that crystal made him innately mad, during which he looked forward to life-or-death combat. When he was cornered by Li Wei, he slaughtered all those who cornered him.

Such madness was only mild until he did soul transfer on Golden Horned Beast! The Golden Horned Beast was naturally bloodthirsty, and that bloodthirstiness affected Luo Feng, which made Luo Feng more and more fearsome. Fortunately, Luo Feng had an extremely strong mind and willpower, with which he was able to control it well.

It had been a long time since he'd slaughtered like this after becoming undying. Even after he had fully comprehended Beast God Heart, he hadn't slaughter like this. This was the first time after he had fully comprehended Beast God Heart that he killed out of madness. The more he killed, the faster he killed.

100… 200… 400… 800…

Luo Feng was completely absorbed in the Beast God Heart! And he killed every life form in his sight!

The killing bordered on insanity. One supreme being after another died, and no one could resist him. Besides, those universe knights find it difficult to get away from Mosha body's inherited technique Domain.

Hong!

Boundless black ocean submerged the plain and sky, and the constraining power was so large that Luo Feng's mind was clear from killing.

"Clear!"

Luo Feng looked around the boundless ocean. It looked like water, but it was an area made by special energies of high density like that of Nine Tiger River.

Strong power, thought Luo Feng. Wielded in combat, it might be 100 times stronger than an attack using all the power of my Mosha body, and it might rival the Thousand Treasures River of my teacher. It must be Tong Ling master's Floating Mountain Ocean!

Luo Feng had gathered enough information; he had the access authority of a top-tier universe overlord in the virtual universe, allowing him to read some information of the universe masters of the bug race, the demon race, and the automation race. The more he read about them, the more he realized how terrific universe masters were. However, Luo Feng was still confident that he could achieve his goal in this fight.

"Human, Luo Feng!" A vigorous voice went into Luo Feng's ears.

"Tong Ling Master from the demon race alliance?" Luo Feng smiled.

"You're still smiling?" said the vigorous voice. "Hahaha… How bold you are! Just so you know, Master of Banoff will be here soon."

Luo Feng smiled even broader, turned around, and kept flying in one direction. He broke the black ocean water, moving quicker and quicker.

"You still dare to fly in my Floating Mountain Ocean?"

The vigorous voice became angry, and the power within that ocean surged. The drops of water began hitting Luo Feng like neutrons, but Luo Feng kept flying without being affected.

"Hmm," said the voice. "I thought my Floating Mountain Ocean might kill you if I fully utilized it, but now, it seems you indeed have some abilities to be proud of."

The power from the black ocean kept surging. It could have easily killed a top-tier universe overlord. However, Luo Feng easily broke through the water and flew into the distance, which startled Tong Ling Master at the other side of the original star.

"Did that Luo Feng really become a universe master?" he wondered aloud.

I have a pinnacle true treasure Force Armor on me! thought Luo Feng. And it can weaken attacks to 1/100,000th! My godly body is more than 55,000 miles tall. Even the pinnacle universe masters might need to use all their power if they want to kill me. Only a domain type true treasure? It can't hope to affect me!

Luo Feng knew his power clearly. True treasure armor—from ordinary true treasures, senior true treasures, top-tier true treasures to pinnacle true treasures—most of them could weaken attacks to 1/10,000th, yet they had different limits. Only the most exceptional pinnacle true treasures were able to weaken attacks to 1/100,000th.

Force Armor was able to weaken attacks to 1/100,000th, which meant Force Armor was an exceptional pinnacle true treasure! Besides, Force Armor had an incredibly high limit! Attacks from universe masters were unlikely to reach the limit\, which meant Force Armor was able to weaken the attacks from universe masters to 1/100,000th!

Flame Emperor had the Force Armor to protect his godly body, and the Original Soul to protect his soul! He didn't need to be afraid of anything! And, of course, Sitting Mountain Guest had a supreme true treasure!

******

"Luo Feng was able to easily resist the attack from my Floating Mountain Ocean, even when I fully utilized it," reported Tong Ling Master.

All the universe masters were startled when Tong Ling Master passed the news back the three alliances. There were two possibilities. One: Luo Feng had become a universe master, and he had a supreme godly body. Two: Luo Feng had an incredible true treasure to protect his godly body.

"Did Luo Feng become a universe master?"

"Humph! Perhaps he got an incredible true treasure by luck."

"It's not that easy to get a true treasure. Real true treasures all have strong backgrounds, and you can't just get one by luck, unless the seniors give it to you. Several universe masters are using top-tier true treasure armors. How could Luo Feng also be given one?"

"Master of Banoff will fight him, and we'll know the truth soon."

The bug race, the automaton race, and the demon race all found that Luo Feng had a great many mysteries, and some great beings started to wonder whether he had become a universe master.

******

Luo Feng broke the black water and flew freely.

Mosha body was in one of his world rings.

"It felt so good to kill them all."

Luo Feng had killed more than 800 universe knights, which gave him a satisfaction he had never felt before. Besides, he also had the craving to create techniques! The desire to kill in his heart! He wanted to combine that with his blade technique. He was indeed incredible when performing Golden Light, but he didn't feel the madness.

Hua! Hua!

Mosha body looked up and saw the godly power being triggered. Complex engraving pictures kept showing up. Luo Feng could sense that urge.

No, he thought. It doesn't feel like that. No.

Luo Feng knew that he was able to create universe-overlord level techniques using only his rations! However, it would require inspiration and emotion for him to create techniques of universe masters, just as when he had created Golden Light when he had just fully comprehended Beast God Heart.

"No… Yes! That's it." Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Luo Feng looked to the gigantic engraving picture in the sky, and under the control of his mind, the engraving picture became increasingly complex. He gained more and more inspiration, and the desire to kill was completely injected into the engraving picture. In the end, the engraving picture was completed.

Hong!

A gigantic, complete engraving picture floated in the sky, emanating endless force and faint aggression.

"Done."

Luo Feng's eyes gleamed. He pointed to the sky, and another giant engraving picture showed up, which was the engraving picture of Golden Light. The two engravings were floating side by side in the sky. Both permeated boundless power; the one on the left looked bloodthirsty, and the one on the right looked indifferent.

"Finally, I've created the second ultimate technique of universe masters," Luo Feng said.

He smiled. It had been a long time, and he'd already started the sixth level of the beast god path. Under the strain and excessive killings, he'd created the second technique!

"I'll name it 'Blood Light.'"

Suddenly, a towering being raced toward Luo Feng from among the black ocean.

A voice resounded in the sky.

"Luo Feng!"

Luo Feng turned back, and knew immediately…

Master of Banoff was here!