Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1119: Finishing Everyone Off with a Single Blow

As compared to the previous killing of Tian Yang Knight, Luo Feng's miniature universe was a full two notches higher in power level. It could completely envelop all the universe knights of the three pinnacle alliances that were within it and wipe them all out at one go. This control over the fate of countless thousands of universe knights gave Luo Feng an unprecedented feeling of liberation and excitement.

"This is the moment I have been waiting for." At this moment, Luo Feng was carefree. He was entirely without inhibitions—mad with rage. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

When Virtual-Real Devil Master had barged his way onto Redbud Island to kill him, Luo Feng had been incredibly angry! However, it did not take him long to realize that this was the law of strength and weakness of the universe. Since he had demonstrated how awfully fearsome the strength of his power was, it was understandable that the three pinnacle races would want to get rid of him. His only worry was that they would continue to bother him. The only solution was to make the three pinnacle races unwilling to provoke him, just like how the three pinnacle races were unwilling to aggravate Primal Chaos City Leader! The question was, how?

Earlier on, Luo Feng had made many kinds of plans to carry out his "Battle to Fame." The first plan was to achieve a clean kill of the top-tier universe overlord Sky Flower Knight and let the trillions of races in the universe know that Luo Feng had the combat power of a universe master! If the three pinnacle races would henceforth retreat, that would be good; Luo Feng did not want to blow the matter out of proportion. With their retreat, he would also have gained enough fame within the universe to earn a reputation for himself.

However, if the three pinnacle races wanted to blow things out of proportion… Luo Feng had also devised subsequent counteractions as backup plans.

While Luo Feng had been carrying out his initial plan, a terrible development had occurred. Sky Flower Knight had unexpectedly possessed a flying-palace type true treasure, "White Needle," and had managed to escape from Luo Feng. To make matter worse, he had turned the tables by following Luo Feng instead!

As Luo Feng had not managed to kill Sky Flower Knight, he naturally felt he had not made the impactful statement he'd hoped. On the contrary, Sky Flower Knight was now hot on his heels… which had led to the three pinnacle races choosing to ride the waves and take the opportunity to eradicate Luo Feng!

With the power of Luo Feng's Mosha body, he had easily shaken Sky Flower Knight off; he could have taken advantage of the time when the three pinnacle races still lacked concrete plans on how to attack him. During that time, he could have made a speedy escape into the nearest whirlpool tunnel and sneak away immediately.

However—Luo Feng had not done so!

He had let Sky Flower Knight follow him about, and after some time, when Luo Feng felt that the three pinnacle races had reached a consensus after negotiations and were starting to deploy forces, he proceeded to shake Sky Flower Knight off his tail! Even when Sky Flower Knight was no longer able to keep up with him, Luo Feng still did not try his make to escape…

In the beginning, he only relied on his original earthling body to fly around and hide about. He was aware that the three alliances would surely deploy numerous universe masters because the ones who had weaker powers were not his match. He was also aware that when they did so, the Hong Alliance would inevitably send universe masters to intervene. Therefore, he could depend on the fact that a large number of universe knights would try to encircle and trap him to determine his whereabouts.

In the beginning, he had not made use of Mosha body to use "Domain," as he had been worried that the three alliances would not take the bait and carry out their plan. However, numerous universe knights started surrounding him, and Luo Feng also started to kill… Mosha body was able to make use of Domain and move at such an alarming speed that the other universe knights had no chance to escape.

The results revealed that he was indeed quite ruthless, having killed more than 800 universe knights! Of course, this was only for starters!

When the universe master that the three alliances had sent, Master of Banff, finally arrived, Luo Feng met his advances without a trace of fear. Luo Feng had always wanted to challenge a universe master to test his true power and see where he really stood. With Force Armor and Afterimage, and with Golden Horned Beast holding on to Star Tower, even a universe supreme being would not be a life-threatening risk to him, much less a universe master! Luo Feng was confident of staying alive.

The battle with Master of Banff was just a means for him to test his true power and see where he really stood; it was just a way for him to prove his capability. What truly caused the three alliances to feel heartache and regret was his strongest technique: "I Am the Universe."

Previously, I Am the Universe had a diameter of 60 million miles, and in the original star, those who wanted to encircle and trap him were already within this area. Now, I Am the Universe was ridiculously powerful, and its diameter was 6 billion miles. Out of all the techniques, perhaps only Star Tower could surpass it. Killing these universe knights could be done within the blink of an eye.

Upon achieving this stage of planning, Luo Feng finally managed to reach the climax.

******

The prominent Long Yan Master stood in midair as he kept trying his best to gain control of a part of time and space to interfere with the other universe masters' efforts to do likewise. Although he was not very successful, he could still indistinctly feel that in a certain direction from afar, there was an immeasurable and fearsome aura. This aura was shocking.

"Primal Chaos City Leader, what is happening? What has happened?" Long Yan Master shot out a series of questions out of anxiety. "Could this be some special techniques the three races are using?"

He did not know the situation. On the other hand, Primal Chaos City Leader, who was controlling Thousand Treasures River, was crystal clear on what was happening because his Thousand Treasures River had touched that gigantic miniature universe.

"This… this is…" Primal Chaos City Leader was very much taken aback. "There is already a hint of the mystique of a primal universe! This technique is already considered to be at a level of the most powerful technique of a universe master. Who could be using such a technique? Could it be that fellow, Banff? Has he already comprehended the most powerful technique of a universe master?"

Primal Chaos City Leader was indeed shocked. Whatever this technique was, it would be categorized as being at the pinnacle or ultimate level. However, the ultimate techniques created by a universe master would be further graded as high- or low-performing. Some might have barely made it past the threshold to be considered an ultimate technique, while the others might have attained the "limit" of an ultimate technique. These would be the so-called "strongest techniques of a universe master"! They represented the limit a universe master could achieve!

The universe masters capable of creating techniques of such a standard were all well-renowned in the universe. For instance, Primal Chaos City Leader and Nine Remoteness Master…

On the surface, it was impossible to tell who was the creator of this miniature universe.

"If Master of Banff can achieve this, then… Then this is bad news," said Primal Chaos City Leader, beginning to feel frustrated.

…

"What…?" gasped Tong Ling Master. He shared the same amount of shock. His Floating Mountain Ocean also touched this miniature universe and felt the limitless power it contained. "The strongest technique of a universe master?"

Tong Ling Master could differentiate in an instant. It was simple. If one stance of this technique could transform a godly power into its most original form of chaotic airflow, then this must be the limit of a universe master! And probably only the technique of a universe supreme being would be able to surpass such a technique.

"Who could have created it?" wondered Ton Ling Master. "Luo Feng? Impossible! Banff? Right, his accomplishment of soul abilities is said to be on the top level of all universe masters. I shouldn't be surprised that he can create this miniature universe." Tong Ling Master sighed to himself. "To think that Banff is one step ahead of me and managed to create a technique of such standard when I have yet to succeed."

Creating an ultimate technique posed no difficulty to a universe master. It was all about whether there was enough time spent achieving it. But as for the limit of an ultimate… According to legends, the strongest technique of a universe master was something the majority of universe masters could not create.

******

On Original Star Number 02933, a miniature universe suddenly appeared. Outside of it was Primal Chaos City Leader, Long Yan Master, Tong Ling Master, and a few other universe masters, all of whom were clueless of its true creator; there were many who were inclined to believe that it was the creation of Master of Banff.

But in that miniature universe…

"Banff, you could actually create a strongest technique?" A towering beast with six thick, strong, clawed hoofs and a very long nose had just detected the limitless chaotic airflow in the surroundings and was momentarily shocked. He was quick to let out a sound that echoed in the cyan light of Master of Banff's "Oro Boundary."

"Hahaha, congratulations, Banff," and another universe master. This one was in a different kind of human form with a black-scaled helmet and three eyes with a dark red glow.

This time, the three races sent out nine universe masters. The other six universe masters were dispersed in all directions. While Master of Banff was battling Luo Feng, there were two other universe masters rushing to get into the area within the danger zone.

Suddenly, a voice filled with rage resonated through the area the two universe masters were in. "This technique was not used by me!" said the voice. "It's Luo Feng! The human Luo Feng!"

The two universe masters were dumbfounded.

"What…?"

How was that possible?

"Quick, we need to join efforts to break this technique!" Master of Banff urged with great anxiety. "The power of this technique is extremely strong! My top-tier domain type true treasure is unable to break it open at all!"

"Okay."

"Together!"

There was no time to waste feeling shocked by Luo Feng using such a technique. The other two universe masters were quick to understand the severity of the trouble they were facing. Such a large miniature universe must have enveloped a great many universe knights within it. If all of them were killed, reversing time and space to resurrect such a large number might not be possible even if all the universe masters of the three alliances were to try until they were gravely injured!

******

When Luo Feng's miniature universe had just started to take form, Master of Banff knew right away that something was not right. He tried to manipulate his top-tier domain type true treasure, "Oro Boundary," to create an impact on the entire miniature universe. However, the miniature universe was constructed after the godly power of Luo Feng's gigantic godly body had internalized the complicated miniature universe picture of secret engravings. His stability was unbelievable.

"Luo Feng! Luo Feng! Don't mess around!" Master of Banff said, transmitting his voice over to Luo Feng who was far away while he struck the miniature universe with an impact. "There are as many as 6,000 universe knights here! These are universe knights from the three great alliances—not just the Bug Clan Alliance! The number of races implicated is even higher. If you kill them all, you are making yourself the enemy of all those many races! The godly bodies of these 6,000 universe knights would consume an immeasurable amount of godly power. To resurrect them would be a great price to pay. If you kill them all, there will be dire consequences! The three great alliances will go crazy!"

Master of Banff was going mad with anxiety. The valuables of over 6,000 universe knights were important, but their lives were also very important! These were all senior universe knights, and there were even some universe overlords! Resurrecting a universe overlord, a universe supreme being required excessive power… Even resurrecting one to two senior universe knights would be a tough feat for an ordinary universe master; if there were tens or hundreds of them, then only an extremely powerful universe master was able to resurrect them. But resurrecting more than 6,000 of them? Overwhelming!

If universe supreme beings and universe masters of the three alliances were all deployed into action, and all were heavily injured, it would be impossible to resurrect them all. If the task of slowly reversing time and space to resurrect more than 6,000 dead bodies fell on the universe masters—who had to recover their powers on their own prior to resurrecting the rest—how long would that take? If there was a huge price to pay to allow a universe master to continuously recover its power so that he could continue resurrecting, what a ridiculously exorbitant amount would that be!

Compared to the price required for resurrection, the majority of these senior universe knights would use their series of treasures. There were also a few true treasures. But when everything was added together, the accumulated amount might be the value of a pinnacle domain type true treasure! It was still a far cry from the imposing price required for resurrection!

"Offend the three major alliances?" said Luo Feng. "Make them go crazy? Hahaha! Time and again, every one of you has attempted to kill me, destroy my soul, and see to it that I can never be resurrected. And now, you want to negotiate with me?" Suspended in midair, Luo Feng's eyes flashed with a trace of coldness and insanity, and at the same time, both hands pushed downward in a sudden motion as he shouted, "All of you shall die!"

Hong! Long! Long!

The unlimited chaotic airflow of the entire miniature universe was like a gigantic metal board beyond measure. It moved downward, suppressing everything beneath it! Those countless cyan lights were simply irresistible.

"Ah!"

"No!"

Over 6,000 universe knights from the Bug Clan Alliance, the Demon Alliance, and the Automaton Race Alliance looked up at the sky and let out cries of shock. Then a thunderous bang sounded, and the entire miniature universe seemed to shake under the impact; it was as though the gigantic metal board was crushing thousands of houseflies, making mincemeat out of all of them. All the universe knights were annihilated one after the other. Even their treasures were crushed and shattered…