Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1122: The Great Freedom

Thousand Treasure River condensed to form a blurred image of Primal Chaos City Leader, who was smiling as he spoke. "Your opponent killed you so easily, and of course, they knew that you allowed yourself to be killed on purpose. But they wanted face! You are a new and upcoming individual, so bowing down to the three top powers was not a big deal. But this time, over 6,000 universe knights were killed in one go. It is news big enough to shock the entire universe. Your fame has skyrocketed. No single great being would dare belittle you anymore, including the universe supreme beings."

Luo Feng nodded. Even if the enemies were the three great alliances, even if they wanted to kill Luo Feng, they had to admit… not one of them dared to underestimate him.

"Teacher, allowing my Mosha body out would be equivalent to asking me to watch it get killed by our opponents without doing anything to help." Luo Feng shook his head. "Courting death in such a manner is not my cup of tea. Even if they were to kill me in the future, they would have to do so with true capability."

"Since you have made up your mind, I will not stop you," said Primal Chaos City Leader. "It's just that the bad blood between you and the three great alliances will continue to intensify."

Luo Feng smiled and said, "There is nothing to fear, even if there is much hatred!" His smile carried absolute confidence. He had established a name for himself within the universe, but he had relied solely on himself to achieve all these. Of course he was not afraid of any great being!

"Good!" Primal Chaos City Leader's blurred image nodded and replied, "What should be done? You just go ahead and do it!

"Yes." Luo Feng gave a slanted smile and right away, he started to summon his Mosha body out while his original earthling body went back into the world ring.

Shua! Shua! Shua!

Luo Feng's Mosha body flashed continuously. Being within the Thousand Treasure River domain did not cause any interference to his speed at all. Luo Feng was able to maintain a speed of a few million miles per second, and it only took him a minute or two to make it to the next nearest whirlpool tunnel. There were a total of 10,081 whirlpool tunnels on every original star, and the distance between two such whirlpool tunnels was approximately 600 million miles.

"Time to go!"

Luo Feng went through this whirlpool tunnel immediately and arrived at another original star—Original Star Number 0829.

"Hahaha…"

Mosha Luo Feng displayed his talent technique "Domain" once again, and within a mere five minutes, he went through another whirlpool tunnel and arrived at another original star.

Domain was an uncommon talent technique that only gifted ones could possess. Some could not be mastered even with due diligence. Just like the talent technique of dividing bodies—a skill that made many universe masters go green with envy. Domain allowed Mosha body to fuse with space in an instant and break away thereafter.

Why was the fusion possible? It was because the Mosha body possessed a "life crystal" with 10,081 different planes. Before its transformation, it might have reached a consensus with the space laws and thus possessed heightened senses, but it was still unable to fuse with space. Upon absorbing the essence of the "heart of space," however, this life crystal had started to undergo changes. That was when it had gained the ability to completely fuse with space.

Universe masters and universe supreme beings were unable to completely fuse with space and were thus unable to become a part of space.

******

About ten minutes after Luo Feng left Original Star Number 02933, a towering and winding, gigantic silver snake emerged from the whirlpool tunnel and remained suspended in mid-air.

Hong!

Limitless power spread throughout the entire original star within a split second. Unbelievable willpower shrouded the whole original star. In the brief moment, he had taken control over all of time and space on this part of the original star. The control over time and space by universe masters was always a far cry when compared to that of universe supreme beings, who were even able to bring about a temporary withdrawal of universe laws.

Of course, original stars were situated nearest the land of origins of the universe. The universe origins could not be defied or provoked; in the land of origins, not even universe supreme beings could teleport about, and one's flying speed was unable to surpass the speed of light. After all, if one were to engage in a fight with the universe origins, even the mightiest universe supreme beings would be on the losing end.

"Dream Demon Ancestor." All the universe masters, including Primal Chaos City Leader and Long Yan Master showed their respects.

"Primal Chaos City Leader, where is your disciple, Luo Feng?" Dream Demon Ancestor's voice was transmitted through space and immediately resonated in Primal Chaos City Leader's ears.

"My disciple, Luo Feng, left this original star earlier." Primal Chaos City Leader smiled. "Since Dream Demon Ancestor is here, Long Yan Master and I shall take our leave."

"Let's go."

Primal Chaos City Leader and Long Yan Master sped toward the whirlpool tunnel that was not far behind them and made their exit from this original star through the tunnel.

"Humph!" A grunt resonated throughout the entire original star. Dream Demon Ancestor sneered after them, enraged. "All of you nine universe masters must start heading out to the other original stars," he ordered. "Search every original star you get to and find Luo Feng."

"Understood!"

Universe masters were highly efficient when it came to conducting searches. The moment they arrived at the various original stars, they would gain control of time and space right away. At that point, scouring the entire planet was a piece of cake! Luo Feng's Mosha body and other disguises would all be rendered useless. Besides, all three alliances had each sent close to ten universe masters to conduct large-scale searches.

After all, during the opening of the original stars, there were already a sizable number of universe masters entering the stars in search of treasures. The only trouble was that flying from one whirlpool tunnel to another was quite time-consuming.

******

One after the other, universe masters were arriving. They all started to us "control of time and space," which shocked the numerous universe knights who were clueless about the major event that had brought about this large-scale search. However, very quickly, they all caught wind of the news of the unbelievable event that had happened on Original Star Number 02933.

Such a major event would never be able to be kept under wraps. Furthermore, the Hong Alliance had been adding fuel to the fire, hence causing the news to spread even faster.

"Luo Feng has defeated Master of Banff? With one stance of his talent technique, he killed over 6,000 universe knights, and those were all at least at the level of senior universe knights. There were even a few universe overlords! This is not a joke, right?"

"It's true! The news is already spreading!"

"Over 6,000 universe knights, all killed with one move?"

"Has Luo Feng become a universe master?"

"God…"

"Blade River Emperor? Wrong! He should now be 'Blade River Master'!"

"Back when I was in the Ancestral God School, in the virtual space above the open public square, I witnessed his fight against Bark Mirror Emperor. It happened not too long ago, probably only around 20,000 years. Since then he has become a universe master? What a miracle! What unbelievable defiance. This Luo Feng… he is so powerful."

"Over 6,000 universe knights! If I could kill over 6000 universe knights in one move, my name would be remembered throughout the universe, and countless races would come to know me and continue to spread my name. If this is the case, even if I were to be annihilated right away, I would do so with a most willing heart."

"You must be out of your mind."

The explosive news hit the billions of races like a tornado and drove countless great beings into a frenzied state. This was practically a fairytale. The unbelievable rate at which Luo Feng had risen was what made countless universe knights look up to him. He now stood on the highest pinnacle, shoulder-to-shoulder with all the other universe masters. Of one accord, they all started to address Luo Feng as "Blade River Master."

Luo Feng was indeed stepping on the three major races and had defeated over 6,000 universe knights to become a legend who shocked the universe. It was equivalent to announcing to the trillions of races, "I, Luo Feng, have officially joined the ranks of pinnacle great beings of the vast universe!"

******

Among the hills in Original Star Number 03129, a being wearing a blood-red battle robe and a mask, with a pair of golden horns on his head and a tail extending out from behind his robe, made himself comfortable by leaning against a mound behind him.

Luo Feng smiled. "So comfortable."

With his Mosha body, he continuously went through one whirlpool tunnel to the next at high speed. After three consecutive transfers through three different whirlpool tunnels, he decided to remain on Original Star Number 03129, where he quickly put his Mosha body back in his world ring and let his Golden Horned Beast body take the form of Blood Cloud Palace Master before coming out.

Now, Mosha body and his original earthling body are in the world ring while on the outside… there was Blood Cloud Palace Master! The renowned Blood Cloud Palace Master!

"Hahaha…" Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Luo Feng leaned against the mound and laughed out loud. How carefree!

It was such a chore being on the run previously, where he also had many things to take account for. For example, taking care not to compromise any of the Hong Alliance's benefits. Now that he had a change in identity—transforming into Blood Cloud Palace Master—he did not need to worry about anything more since Blood Cloud Palace Master already was everyone's enemy! This sort of freedom to wander about anywhere in a carefree manner was satisfying.

Luo Feng stretched out his hands, and a long shuttle with red lines appeared! One end of the shuttle was thick while the other was sharp, and it seemed very ordinary. In fact, this was Star Tower in another form after being disguised by Blood Cloud Pearl. Blood Cloud Pearl was extremely powerful in its ability to use disguises, but, of course, the disguises would not be too far off the mark to be considered ridiculous. For instance, it would be impossible to disguise Star Tower as a domain type true treasure, that would not work out.

Star Tower was originally in the shape of a tower with a thick lower end and a sharp top; it was just slightly disguised into the form of an ancient, long shuttle! Henceforth, this long shuttle was Blood Cloud Palace Master's new weapon!

Luo Feng had lain in the same spot leisurely for more than an hour when a towering figure suddenly stepped through the whirlpool tunnel. He had a strong and burly built and was quite manlike except for the fact that on his head were nine fiery-red tentacles and each tentacle was entwined with a flame. His eyes resembled flaming red rubies. He was the famous Sinking Fire Master.

Hong!

Immeasurable power was unleashed within a split second and fell upon the entire original star. Across the original star, universe knights from the various powers of the universe initially felt shocked, but the next moment, they were all discussing amongst themselves.

"Ah, a universe master."

"A universe master has arrived."

"Could it be looking for Blade River Master, Luo Feng, too?"

Obviously, they had all heard the news that at that moment, universe masters of the Demon Alliance, the Bug Clan Alliance, and the Automaton Race Alliance were conducting a large-scale search for Luo Feng. As the search went on, universe masters of the other top powers who were on the 10,081 original stars joined in the fun of watching what was going to happen. They were all curious to know whether, in the end, the three great alliances' efforts would come to naught, or if they would finally succeed in killing Luo Feng.

"Hmm?"

Sinking Fire Master stood in midair and took control over time and space in this original star to search for Luo Feng, yet he discovered another presence.

What a familiar aura! What familiar power! What familiar armor! What a familiar mask!

A hint of shock flashed in Sinking Fire Master's eyes as he exclaimed, "Blood Cloud Palace Master!"

If Luo Feng's offense was that he was too ruthless in his approach toward the three major alliances, then Blood Cloud Palace Master could be said to have created an even bigger storm. He was practically the nightmare of trillions of races within the universe—the universe's public enemy! Various universe knights and universe overlords had died at his hands. Even universe masters had been killed by him.

"I have found Blood Cloud Palace Master! Blood Cloud Palace Master is now on Original Star Number 03129!" Sinking Fire Master immediately transmitted the news to his other higher-ups of Demon Alliance, including Dream Demon Ancestor and Shock Demon Ancestor.