Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1128: Fence

A piece of news came when the universe masters were searching for Blood Cloud Palace Leader on the original stars… Star River Master from the Northern Territory Alliance had fought Blood Cloud Palace Leader, and Blood Cloud Palace Leader had only suffered from a slight injury even under Star River Master's best moves, and Star River Master had left voluntarily. All the universe masters searching the original stars were shocked.

"Impossible!"

"Star River Master utilized all his power? Though I could survive that, I would be severely injured. That Blood Cloud Palace Leader's power barely changed at all?"

"How can he be that powerful?"

"Did Blood Cloud Palace Leader hide in Blood Cloud Palace? No? He withstood the supreme technique of Star River Master?"

They couldn't believe what they heard, and the more they learned about that fight, the more hopeless they became. Gosh! Star River Master used his best true treasure to perform his most supreme technique.

Blood Cloud Palace Leader was able to withstand that without even being severely hurt? A sense of hopelessness flooded almost every universe master's mind—even for beings like Sky Beacon Godly Master, who were confident that they were Star River Master's equals.

"Let's go."

"Let's go back."

"Just go? Just like that?"

"What else can we do? If Star River Master can't deal with Blood Cloud Palace Leader, then no one else can. Even universe supreme masters are only slightly stronger than Star River Master. In the original universe, the power of universe supreme masters was heavily constrained… What could universe supreme masters do? Heavily injure Blood Cloud Palace Leader?"

"Let's go."

The universe masters gave up one after another. They all felt helpless.

"I can't believe Blood Cloud Palace Leader is this powerful."

"Although Blood Cloud Palace Leader was always powerful, he wasn't as insanely powerful as this. When hunted by beings like Star River Master in the past, he would have definitely run away without putting up a fight."

"It's much more difficult to kill him now."

Some universe masters chose to leave. This was how the universe worked. Power determined someone's destiny!

No matter how crazy, evil, and reckless someone was, if he could become a universe supreme master, no powers would dare to mess with him, and instead, they would try to butter him up! Like lone universe supreme masters such as Sitting Mountain Guest and Virtual-Real Devil Master, they all had weird tempers and might kill anyone at any time. No powers dared to go after them. Why?

One didn't even need to be a universe supreme master. Someone at Star River Master was already attractive enough for all the powers in the universe. Obviously, Blood Cloud Palace Leader was hardly injured by the supreme technique of Star River Master. Apparently, he was almost at that level.

"Don't mess with that maniac."

"Don't mess with him. We can't kill him, he's great at fleeing, and he doesn't have any inhibitions. Unless we try to seal him, no powers will be willing to make such sacrifices to do that. After all, Blood Cloud Palace Leader is only an individual. He's not related to any powers."

One fight determined his status. Blood Cloud Palace Leader had gone from a common enemy among the powers in the universe to someone no one was willing to mess with. Actually, there were powers who wanted to admit him, but based on their experience, Blood Cloud Palace Leader might kill those who approached him. He was a maniac!

*****

Inside Luo Feng's god country.

Luo Feng's original plan was to take a tour on the original stars for a longer time, but he didn't expect all those universe masters to leave. And Luo Feng went out without being noticed.

Hong! Long! Long!

The waves were churning like thunder, tumbling through the boundless Remote Ocean. Above the Remote Ocean, at the center of his god country and inside the godly palace, Luo Feng looked down at the god country.

"I came back. It's done."

Luo Feng smiled. He felt relieved as never before. He recalled the series of incidents starting from Virtual-Real Devil Master coming after him—which triggered him to kill Heavenly Flower Knight—but he didn't expect him to hide in a flying-palace type true treasure. That had led to a bigger incident in which he had killed 8,000 universe knights, fought a universe master, and killed more than 6,000 universe knights with his miniature universe. After Blood Cloud Palace Leader showed himself, it had led to a larger disturbance, distracting everyone.

"I've achieved my goal."

I'm at the same level of Master of Banff, Luo Feng thought, and I performed a supreme technique! I am a universe master! And I am a universe master who's a handful.

His only weakness was his inability to control space and time, which might lead to some suspicions. However, it didn't matter. He was able to perform Golden Light and Miniature Universe, which showed Luo Feng had the power of a universe master—at least according to the powers in the universe. Besides, Luo Feng had several bodies, which meant he was extremely difficult to kill.

"Regardless, that Star River Master is indeed strong!" Luo Feng exclaimed. "If I didn't have the shuttle of Star Tower, that attack would've destroyed half of my godly body." CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

He used the long shuttle to resist it. And then, the power was weakened by Force Armor, yet he had still lost 1/500th of his godly body. Two moves could kill him!

"I have a weaker godly body compared to the pinnacle universe masters, and I don't' have a stronger enough weapon." Luo Feng frowned. "Blood Ghost Blade is not enough to fight universe masters."

A body of Sinking Fire Master had a pair of hammers which was a top-tier true treasure. And he wasn't even a top-tier universe master.

The Flame God Halberd that Flame Emperor used was a top-tier pinnacle true treasure, which was at the same level of Force Armor!

Primal Chaos City Leader had three bodies, and the most powerful one was the one fighting in Universe Ocean, and even the one in the original star was the one wearing Thousand Treasures Coat and holding a true treasure stone staff. Thousand Treasures Coat was only a domain type true treasure at the same level as the true treasure of Star River Master… As for attacking true treasures, they should be similar.

My weapon isn't good enough, thought Luo Feng. Okay. Teacher said if I killed ten top-tier universe overlords or one universe master, he would make a pinnacle true treasure for me. I need a top-tier pinnacle true treasure like Flame God Halberd.

He didn't need a domain type pinnacle true treasure. After all, a top-tier pinnacle true treasure weapon was also highly valuable.

Luo Feng took out a stone token.

"Teacher."

Luo Feng's consciousness entered the token and started to pass the message. The token was an ordinary true treasure made by Sitting Mountain Guest for communications, which made Luo Feng admire Sitting Mountain Guest even more. Blood Cloud Pearl was used for disguise while tokens were used for communications. Those, plus Force Armor and Star Tower, all had strict requirements for those who used them. The true treasures made by Sitting Mountain Guest were largely different from those born in the universe.

A message was conveyed immediately. "Haha! Disciple! I've already heard what you did on the original star. But my question is, why did you fight that Star River Master? You've intimidated all the powers by doing that, and they won't want to encircle you anymore."

Luo Feng was rendered speechless. If this was the case… No wonder teacher ran when he came across beings stronger like Star River Master. His teacher was certainly able to create a body to resist Star River Master.

"I didn't think of that," said Luo Feng. "Besides, I wouldn't have been able to run away."

"That's right. You're not good enough for that." Sitting Mountain Guest, while in disguise, was extremely proficient in escaping. "Why're you contacting me?" he asked.

"Teacher, I killed a body of Sinking Fire Master," said Luo Feng. "It should be counted as killing a universe master."

"You're oversimplifying things, my disciple," said Sitting Mountain Guest.

Luo Feng was speechless. Things were not going as he'd expected.

"Of course it doesn't count," said Sitting Mountain Guest.

"Killing a body should be as difficult as killing a real universe master," Luo Feng tried to argue.

"Of course it's not," said Sitting Mountain Guest. "Blood Cloud Palace Leader is known for his fierceness. If it weren't for having another body, ordinary universe masters wouldn't even dare to fight you in the first place. As for those who have multiple bodies, they have the guts to take risks even if they're not strong enough. Do you really think Sinking Fire Master would fight you if he didn't have another body?"

Luo Feng said nothing. He knew he was right. Most of the universe masters chasing him were in groups, and those who acted alone had security.

"No one is such a fool," said Sitting Mountain Guest. "It's not as easy as you think to kill a universe master. He only risked it because he had multiple bodies." Sitting Mountain Guest laughed. "It won't be so easy to get your teacher to make a pinnacle true treasure for you!"

Luo Feng pouted, but it seemed there was nothing he could do. "Teacher, I killed the body of that Sinking Fire Master and got some true treasures, but I can't exchange them. If I give them to my race, my identity will be exposed."

Luo Feng was concerned about this. The valuables obtained by Blood Cloud Palace Leader were stolen goods, and true treasures with great fame could be identified easily. It would be difficult to exchange them.

"That's right," said Sitting Mountain Guest. "I'll handle it. Come here to exchange for a true treasure. Here are the coordinates of my place. Just come here."

The coordinates were sent.

Luo Feng looked forward to it. It had been a long time since Sitting Mountain Guest first became his teacher, but he had never been to his home yet.

"Sure," said Luo Feng. "I'll be there as soon as possible."

Luo Feng organized his true treasures, left his god country, and took off for the home of Sitting Mountain Guest.