Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1131: The Origin

The moment Darkness Master set his eyes on someone, a creepy and strange tune would seem to start reverberating in that person's mind. Then, without being able to resist, the person would fall under his influence. The "flow of illusion" consisted of an unconscious penetration of the mind to draw one into an illusion. Darkness Master did not make use of any disguise, and everyone knew about his invisible influence… but pulling away from it was very difficult.

"Luo Feng, this is your Teacher Uncle," Primal Chaos City Leader said. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

The moment he spoke, the spookiness in the surroundings became mild, while that creepy, strange force seemed to be wiped out.

"Teacher Uncle," Luo Feng greeted.

"I heard you have cultivated for slightly over a billion years." Darkness Master studied Luo Feng's face and continued, "I am not surprised you have been able to reach this standard within such a short time, since for an endless time, you have been my brother's most outstanding disciple."

Luo Feng replied, "Actually, the time I spent on cultivation was not only slightly over a billion years. I once cultivated for a long time at a place where time flew by extremely fast."

Everyone, including Primal Chaos City Leader, nodded. They were all relieved, but places like House of Time required an alarming amount of energy to sustain revolution, and the greater the rate of time velocity, the more expensive it would cost. Therefore, the more difficult sustenance would be! Furthermore, the evolution of the universe would last for an endless time, and combat was the best method for honing skills and building up bodies. This was why few top powers would send their geniuses to a certain place in isolation to get them to cultivate diligently.

"All right."

Primal Chaos City Leader scanned his surroundings. "As of today, the six leaders of the virtual universe branch are all gathered here."

At the moment, Long Yan Master, Ice Mountain Master, Darkness Master, You Hou Master, and Luo Feng all looked over to listen to what Primal Chaos City Leader had to say. In terms of power and status… Primal Chaos City Leader was unquestionably the leading figure of the virtual universe branch.

"The birth of one more universe master would be a blessing for us in the virtual universe, and it is also a blessing for humanity," said Primal Chaos City Leader with a smile. "And this disciple of mine, when it comes to survival ability, he beats all six of us hands down."

"Oh?" Darkness Master looked over.

Ice Mountain Master also looked at Luo Feng silently.

"Really?" You Hou Master and Long Yan Master asked outright.

Primal Chaos City Leader elaborated. "Luo Feng… For one thing, he has the talent of being able to divide bodies. Two, one of his bodies has a life form that resembles that of Nine Remoteness Master."

"Nine Remoteness Master?"

Darkness Master, Long Yan Master, Ice Mountain Master, You Hou Master all looked over at Luo Feng in surprise.

Luo Feng said, "I was just lucky!" He showed no trace of displeasure toward his teacher's candid approach in pointing out his capabilities, as he was aware that he had to fight for his status with his capabilities! From how things looked to him, the virtual universe branch was the strongest.

His apparent capability should be close to that of You Hou Master, who was the weakest of the lot. So long as he was able to show part of his capability, his status would be different! Moreover… whether his Remote Ocean body was revealed or not would not make much difference. It was just like how Nine Remoteness Master openly made known to the entire universe that no one would be able to do anything to him.

"Luo Feng. How big is the ocean of your godly body?" Darkness Master asked out of curiosity.

It was something the few other universe masters present were curious about, too. After all, Nine Remoteness Master's "ocean godly body" was comparable to a supreme true treasure and was something many great beings were secretly envious of.

"The time I spent on cultivation was short, so the ocean of my godly body is still in the initial stage of expansion," Luo Feng said. "Its diameter is only a couple tens of billions of miles."

"A couple tens of… billions?" You Hou Master took a deep breath.

Darkness Master, Long Yan Master, and Ice Mountain Master were all taken aback.

Gosh! Even the Li Volcano and World Tree, which were considered to have immensely large godly bodies were only slightly past six billion miles. Such godly bodies were more than enough to send great beings into despair, so learning that Luo Feng's ocean godly body was several tens of billions of miles wide was astounding news. Everyone could only stare wide-eyed and mouth agape. The speed at which great beings fought and attacked to cause such an ocean to be used up would never match up to the speed of its self-recovery.

"Amazing!"

"Admirable!"

"What a massive godly body!"

Darkness Master and Ice Mountain Master sang Luo Feng's praises. They were starting to see him in a different light. Previously, their only impression of him was that he was just another universe master of humanity. Luo Feng's combat power was still much lower compared to theirs, but he had a limitless Remote Ocean that they did not possess… and because of this, Luo Feng's status immediately rose up the ranks. The question was, why was Nine Remoteness Master so frightening?

The answer was because Nine Remoteness Master would always make use of his strongest talent technique and risk his life for every fight he was involved in! Even if Nine Remoteness Master were to self-destruct, within a twinkling of the eye, a new Nine Remoteness Master would appear. On the other hand, even if his opponent also had the talent of dividing bodies, to recover from the loss of a strong godly body would entail a hefty price. This was why Nine Remoteness Master became such an intimidating presence within the universe.

"Luo Feng." Darkness Master let out a smile, which was most rarely seen, and said, "With your Remote Ocean body, making use of the strongest technique of a universe master, you self-destructed! This technique alone would enable you to run rampant throughout the universe."

Luo Feng nodded with a smile. Yes. "I Am the Universe" was a technique that was very demanding on one's godly power. When one had reached the undying level, only with the perfect life gene level could he make use of this technique. Upon reaching the universe knight level, Remote Ocean body would need a godly power that was at least ten times stronger to be able to make use of I Am the Universe! With a body that was 5,500 miles tall, one could fully make use of I Am the Universe!

The ultimate attack technique was to directly carry out Destruction of Miniature Universe. His original earthling body and golden horned beast body did not dare to make use of Destruction of Miniature Universe because the explosive power of this technique did not have the ability to differentiate foe from self; there was the possibility of self-annihilation.

Yet Remote Ocean body had nothing to fear. From Luo Feng's point of view, he was now merely a universe knight, for Remote Ocean body to make use of this technique of universe destruction, the power was not strong enough. When he had become a universe master… then this technique would truly instill fear among the other great beings. Remote Ocean body was a trump card that would earn Luo Feng a unique status.

Primal Chaos City Leader smiled and said, "We will be carrying out the highest-level meeting of the human race in a while. But before that, Luo Feng, for your status as universe master, what do you intend to use as your name?"

"My name as a universe master?" Luo Feng mused to himself.

"Blade River Emperor was only one of your disguises previously," Primal Chaos City Leader said. "Now, the whole universe calls you by the name of Blade River Master. You can use Blade River Master, or you can use another name of your choice. Upon becoming a universe master, maybe you will have your own opinions. This is why the majority of universe masters change their names to something new. Like me. When my teacher entrusted me with Primal Chaos City, to constantly remind myself of my teacher's entrustment, I changed my name to 'Primal Chaos City Leader.'"

Luo Feng nodded. He understood. For some universe masters, if they were weaker, they did not dare to give themselves names that sounded overpowering, as this would cause other beings to look down on them. However, as they get more powerful, their ambitious goals would start to change. Therefore, they would change their universe names.

"A name…" Luo Feng said to himself.

Some great beings renamed themselves according to the weapons they were skilled in using. Some renamed themselves something in remembrance of their hometown or something in their hearts they wanted to hold on to. Some renamed themselves purely out of ambitious goals.

Luo Feng smiled and announced, "Milky Way Horde Leader. I shall be called Milky Way Horde Leader."

He could still remember those days on Earth when he looked up at the sky to see the limitless Milky Way filled with stars. The Milky Way, where home was. Making it to where he was today… was it all not for the sake of protecting his loved ones? Was it not for the sake of protecting his hometown? Horde Leader… It also represented his territory, so he needed to defend his own territory!

"Milky Way Horde Leader."

The five universe masters gave his choice some thought, then all nodded in agreement. A name was merely a designation. When one chose to give himself another name, the other great beings would not interfere—unless the name was simply too awful or was a taboo that must be abstained from. Otherwise, regardless of how weird a name was, it truly did not matter.

"Okay," said Primal Chaos City Leader. "So the sixth universe master of the virtual universe branch will be Milky Way Horde Leader." He suddenly stood up and said, "Let's go. We shall go meet the creator of our virtual universe branch now."

"Creator of our virtual universe branch?" Luo Feng felt a little tremor of fear in his heart.

Huge Axe Creator was the creator of Huge Axe Dojo. But the creator of the virtual universe branch…? Who could that be? Luo Feng had tried to search for answers in the past but always ended up with no returns. His authority was limited and thus, insufficient.

Darkness Master also stood up. "Let's go meet Teacher."

"To meet Teacher." Ice Mountain Master followed suit.

******

In an instant, all six universe master ascended to the sky amidst a limitless chaotic airflow and advanced along the path of the airflow.

"Luo Feng," Primal Chaos City Leader said as he flew. "I, Darkness, and Ice Mountain are all Teacher's disciples. Teacher has made great contributions to humanity. If not for him, humanity would never be able to become a pinnacle race so easily. Even Huge Axe Creator had once received Teacher's guidance and kindness. He was humanity's first universe supreme being!"

Following Primal Chaos City Leader's voice, Long Yan Master, who was beside them, also said, "I have also received his kind guidance."

Luo Feng held his breath. He knew he had touched on highly confidential information about humankind. All these years, and he only knew that humanity had Huge Axe Creator. Even Sitting Mountain Guest only knew Huge Axe Creator! The strongest being in humanity that everyone knew of was Huge Axe Creator. They had not heard of another.

"Teacher's name is 'Origin,'" Primal Chaos City Leader said. "Previously, humankind was only a strong race. Under Teacher's guidance, we have grown and gotten stronger. Teacher ran rampant in the universe, roamed the Universe Ocean, and killed countless to eventually build up his reputation! This had allowed humanity to gain power and continue to grow stronger. In the primal universe, there are quite a few universe supreme beings, but Teacher can be said to be incomparable. The other supreme beings keep their distance if they see him from afar."

"All the way across the Universe Ocean… his name is always the most renowned," continued Primal Chaos City Leader. "Invincible! No one is comparable to Teacher."

Primal Chaos City Leader's eyes were filled with admiration as memories of past events came flashing back. Even Darkness Master, Ice Mountain Master, and Long Yan Master fell silent. They were all immersed in their memories of their Teacher.

"Previously, when humanity gained its reputation as a top power, even the Ancestral God School, who has the protection of the universe origin, was reluctant to provoke our race. At that time, we humans were at our prime!"

The six universe masters flew through space together, causing the chaotic airflow in the surroundings to be continuously forced apart. There was absolute silence all around. Only Primal Chaos City Leader's voice could be heard. Luo Feng was also completely immersed in his imagination as he tried to picture the one presence which, from the primal universe all the way across Universe Ocean, was said to be formidable. Even other supreme beings knew to keep their distance.

"We have arrived!" Primal Chaos City Leader said.

Luo Feng raised his head to look and saw that surrounded by the airflow were countless towering statues. There were endless fluctuations in the various laws of gold, wood, water, fire, earth, wind, lightning, light, space, time, golden space, wooden space, water space… Various sorts of laws, to the extent of the fluctuations in the laws of revolution, all seemed to surge out of the countless statues.

With a faraway look in his eyes, Luo Feng seemed to have felt the similarity between these countless towering statues and the 'universe origins.'