Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1134: I’ve Said So

Just when Luo Feng was pondering the relationship between Rong Jun and Huge Axe Founder, Huge Axe Founder looked around all the universe masters and smiled. "We haven't seen this for a while. All the universe masters gather here today." Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

All the 19 universe masters laughed.

"We're here today because we want to give Luo Feng a formal welcome." Huge Axe Founder looked to Luo Feng. "From today on, there'll be one more universe maser within the human race. Luo Feng has the clone technique, and his surviving ability is ranked top ten in the universe… It's lucky for us humans to have him."

Hua.

Most of the universe masters looked to Luo Feng, and some of them transmitted their voices to discuss. Apparently, Huge Axe Founder's assertion that Luo Feng's surviving ability was ranked in the top ten startled them.

It seems Huge Axe Founder knows about my Remote Ocean body, Luo Feng thought. Whereas the universe masters from other streams haven't known about it. Otherwise, they won't be that surprised!

"According to the rules of us humans," Huge Axe Founder said, smiling, "anyone who becomes a universe master can be bestowed a valuable as precious as a top-tier true treasure weapon by our race. Luo Feng, what do you want?"

Luo Feng couldn't help exclaiming. This was one of the differences between the pinnacle race and the weaker ones. Even for the Northern Territory Alliance, which was one of the top nine powers, universe masters wouldn't be bestowed valuables, as there were too many races and great beings—unless some mighty universe masters offered to join the alliance.

"Just name your demand, Luo Feng." Huge Axe Founder looked to Luo Feng.

All the universe masters looked to Luo Feng as well.

Luo Feng turned to Huge Axe Founder and smiled. "I don't want other true treasures, but I do want my territory, the Milky Way, to be reconstructed, and I want to stay there forever. I want to stay in my home forever and make it more stable."

"Stay in the Milky Way forever?" said Primal Chaos City Leader.

The other universe masters were all a bit surprised. Normally, universe masters would choose secret region like the primal secret region. It was unusual for a universe master to be stationed in one galaxy, but Primal Chaos City Leader didn't try to hinder that, as he knew how much Luo Feng valued his home planet, especially since he had named himself Milky Way Horde Leader.

"Luo Feng wants to be stationed in the Milky Way forever?"

The other universe masters were all surprised. However, they didn't voice their confusion, as the universe masters from the virtual universe didn't say much.

"I will, of course, allow that." Huge Axe Founder nodded. "The Milky Way is only one galaxy, and one top-tier true treasure is more than enough to stabilize it."

"It's indeed enough," said Luo Feng.

It would be costly for one universe master to be stationed in the Milky Way and to reconstruct it. Although it was not as valuable as a top-tier true treasure, it wouldn't be much different. Besides, Luo Feng had a great many true treasures with him, so he didn't need ordinary true treasures.

"I remember that Luo Feng wants his home planet, Earth, back," said Huge Axe Founder again.

Luo Feng's eyes immediately gleamed. The other universe masters went silent and all looked to Huge Axe Founder.

"Now that Luo Feng has become a universe master and is sitting with us, I should return the ownership of the Earth to Luo Feng," said Huge Axe Founder.

"Huge Axe," the scaled giant with three horns suddenly said. "Universe masters should make contributions and support an entire race. After being bestowed at the start, universe masters should make contributions before they gain more! True treasures need to be exchanged with true treasure points after contributions! And the same rule applies here. Milky Way Horde Leader shouldn't get anything for free, now. The other half of the ownership of Earth belongs to our race, and Milky Way Horde Leader should contribute valuables as precious as that!"

"Yes, he should give valuables to exchange," agreed some other universe masters.

Luo Feng looked to that scaled giant with the three horns. It was Huang Jian Master. Huang Jian Master even gave Luo Feng a head nod.

Huang Jian!

Primal Chaos City Leader said, "The other half of ownership of Earth is under my virtual universe, and the contract was signed between my virtual universe company and Luo Feng. Although you all have offspring on Earth, those 50 billion mixed elements are paid by my virtual universe company. I can totally give it back to Luo Feng, as the other half of the ownership belongs to my virtual universe company."

"The virtual universe company is a part of the human race," said Huang Jian Master. "How can the virtual universe company give out an asset like that? He should contribute before he gains!"

"Haha! I bought the earth for 50 billion mixed elements," said Primal Chaos City Leader. "Luo Feng, just pay fifty billion mixed elements to buy the other half of the ownership back."

50 billion mixed elements? Was that a joke?

Any treasure would be much more precious than that. To universe masters, 50 billion mixed elements were like a drop of water, yet the Earth was a boundless ocean! There was no comparison.

"We all know how precious the Earth is," Huang Jian Master said with a frown. "50 billion mixed elements is nothing! Don't mention how you purchased it with 50 billion mixed elements. Firstly, we didn't know about the potential of Earth, and also, Luo Feng was extremely weak. 50 billion mixed elements were enough for him."

"Oh, Huang Jian, are you trying to interfere with the trade of my virtual universe company?" said Primal Chaos City Leader. "You're not the person in charge of the virtual universe company. I am."

"I'm not interfering," said Huang Jian Master, "but we need to have rules. If it were a personal asset of yours, you could deal with it however you want. However, it's an asset of the virtual universe company, and it belongs to Teacher Origin. How can you just give away valuables of the virtual universe company like that?"

They kept arguing. One of them was the person in charge of the virtual universe company while the other was the founder of the Universe Mercenary Alliance. Both of them were top-tier universe masters and held a similar status.

Qing Dong Master and Peng Gong Master stayed silent, sitting aside. After all, they were related to the Earth.

"Okay," Huge Axe Founder said.

Huang Jian Master and Primal Chaos City Leader looked to Huge Axe Founder.

Huge Axe Founder frowned. "I've said so! When Luo Feng is able to sit with me, the other half of the ownership will be returned to Luo Feng! I should live up to my promise! Since the other half of the ownership of the Earth belongs to the virtual universe company, I'll just give a pinnacle true treasure to the virtual universe to cover the loss."

"Huge Axe!"

"Huge Axe," said Huang Jian Master.

"Huge Axe Founder!" even Luo Feng couldn't help shouting.

"It's done," Huge Axe said. He glanced at all the universe masters, and they went silent.

******

The main issue was to welcome Luo Feng. They also talked about the original stars and Universe Ocean before the meeting was over. The universe masters of the virtual universe were dismissed. Only Luo Feng was called by Primal Chaos City Leader.

"Teacher, why does it end with Huge Axe Founder transferring a pinnacle true treasure to the virtual universe company?" Luo Feng couldn't help asking as he felt like he owed Huge Axe Founder.

"Don't overthink it." Primal Chaos City Leader shook his head. "Huge Axe Founder is a universe supreme master within our human race, and he has the greatest number of true treasures! He will just give away true treasures to races! Many powerful true treasures that need to be exchanged in the races are given away by Huge Axe Founder! It's nothing to him to give us one. After this is finished, I'll give the true treasure back to our race."

Luo Feng nodded. It wasn't easy to support an entire race! The weak would be at a disadvantage if they were alone, but lone universe supreme masters could live a relaxing life. They stood among the strongest in the universe and thus were able to obtain many true treasures. However, they only needed several true treasures. Others were useless to them. On the contrary, if the universe supreme masters were related to a race, they not only needed to be careful but also needed to make continuous contributions to the race he belonged to.

"I understand." Luo Feng nodded. He knew that he needed to return the favor from Huge Axe Founder.

"Don't blame Huang Jian Master for trying to obstruct that," said Primal Chaos City Leader. "It's all about interest. Look at other universe masters. Did you wonder why others didn't say anything? Because it's related to the interests of the other four streams as well. Huang Jian Master was basically speaking for them… Almost every issue in the universe has to do with interests, either individual or relating to race."

Luo Feng nodded.

"By the way." Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng. "Do you really plan to stay in the Milky Way galaxy forever?"

"Yes." Luo Feng nodded. "Forever!"

"Universe masters in the human race are usually stationed in the important places in the human territory," said Primal Chaos City Leader. "For one thing, there are plenty of universe knights, undying fighters, and talents who need protection from the supreme beings, and for another, there are several universe masters in the important places. They can help each other out if there's a catastrophe. If there's only one of you staying in the Milky Way, other great beings will need to spend some time to get there if other races attack it. Of course, some universe masters choose to have one of their bodies to guard their homes. You're not changing your mind?"

Luo Feng smiled and said, "No. I'll guard the Milky Way forever."

He had fought for such a long time—and even risked his own life—for what? To stand at the top of the universe and protect his home!