Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Chapter 1137: Second Form of Shi Wu Wings

There were several beasts on the farms where weeds were growing. Many varieties of broken cars sat abandoned and ruined on the highway. Some of them were tipped over, and the dust on the highway told its history.

A shadow walked on the highway.

"Reserve?"

Luo Feng walked on the shabby highway, recalling the past a long time ago when he first joined the Fire Hammer Squad and adventured in the wilderness. He remembered Chen Gu who used fiery weapons who was very friendly to him. He remembered Zhang Ke, who lost his arm. The Wei brothers, who were skilled with a scimitar… And of course, that captain Gao who was powerful with hammers…

"It's been more than 100,000 years."

Luo Feng shook his head and smiled. Those were the brothers who had endured troubles with him before. However, Luo Feng had been adventuring through the universe, and he didn't even have time to see his family members. As for those old friends, he had only seen them a few times. Luo's family had been secretly helping those old friends without affecting their lives. Time was cruel, however, and more than half of Luo Feng's friends had died.

Although Luo Feng's family had infinite wealth, it still had control over resources. The family would help their old friends, but they wouldn't improve their friends' power to at universe level or domain-lord level.

There were still many reserves on Earth, which were remains from the era of Headquarter City. Some of the beasts were protected as endangered animals. Those animals were allowed to live in the reserves, on the cracked highways, in rolled-over cars. Ruined buildings in the reserves were renovated. New material was applied—material that could last for a long time.

The surface was deliberately made to look ancient; after all, the concrete used before was not likely to be maintained. Tourists had to view them from spaceships in the sky. The areas could not be trespassed, and the beasts inside were off-limits.

As for Luo Feng, he went in via teleportation. He had the highest access authority to the entire defense system of Earth, so he could get in without any problem.

Sou!

Luo Feng jumped up to the balcony on the sixth floor. He looked down. He could hear faint, beastly roars as he looked at the moon.

"Just like before," whispered Luo Feng. He frowned. "Huh?"

Shua!

He disappeared from the balcony.

******

In a sky around 800 light years away from Earth was a group of towering, resplendent palaces. Powerful guards walked within the palaces. Sector-lord guards and even undying servants were walking through corridors that were tens of millions of miles long. These were Luo Feng's godly palaces.

Inside the tallest main palace, fires burned around 12 gigantic pillars. Suddenly, a giant being showed up on the throne. It was Luo Feng's 6,000-mile-tall body. He looked down at the three beings.

Three beings bowed at the same time. "Milky Way Horde Leader."

"Ganwu, Kuang Zhou, North Larva." Luo Feng smiled and looked down. "You've done a great job."

All of them had dealt with the issues he had asked them to do, and they had finished today. Of course, he needed to meet with the three of them. There was much more he needed these three universe knights to help him with.

"It's our honor to serve Horde Leader," said Kuang Zhou as he raised his head, followed by Ganwu Country Master and North Larva Knight.

Luo Feng smiled and nodded. "From now on, you'll be in charge of everything here. You can connect to the virtual universe if you need me, or you can crush your keepsake."

"Yes." Three universe knights bowed.

Luo Feng nodded and said, "You may go now."

The three universe knights bowed and left the palace.

Luo Feng was 6,000 miles tall. He put his hands on the armrests and raised his head to look at the towering godly palace six million miles tall. Even for Luo Feng, the godly palace felt like an endless sky.

"The godly palaces are all so large," whispered Luo Feng. "Okay. I've been studying the second level of Star Tower. However, I still haven't fully completed the second level of Shi Wu Wings, which is inferior to Star Tower. I'll spend my time on Earth studying the Shi Wu Wings."

Luo Feng disappeared.

He could arrive at Earth within one teleportation, as Earth was less than 1,000 light years away from his godly palaces. As for the three universe knights, undying guards, and sector-lord guards and servants… They had been arranged by the virtual universe company! Generally, a universe master would select some universe knights as their disciples. There were only a few universe masters within the human race, most of whom were reluctant to take disciples, so most universe knights could be disciples of universe masters.

Primal Chaos City Leader wanted Luo Feng to take disciples. Luo Feng, however, not only needed to train himself but also hadn't reached the universe-master level at law comprehension. That was why he hadn't taken any disciples. Instead, he had chosen three universe knights to deal with his issues.

Those universe knights who worked for Luo Feng directly had Luo Feng as a connection now! Those with connections were on a totally different level than those who didn't have them.

Luo Feng firstly chose Ganwu Country Master and Kuang Zhou Knight, who were close to him. Then Ganwu Country Master had recommended North Larva Knight, who was his friend. Thus, these three universe knights were under Luo Feng, now. Ganwu Country Master would never find himself in an embarrassing situation with Luo Feng as his connection.

"Ganwu, I can go to Horde Leader only because of you…" said North Larva Knight. "I can't even repay you…"

"North Larva, we're best friends," said Ganwu Country Master, "and you've helped me lots of times. This is nothing."

Ganwu Country Master, Kuang Zhou Knight, and North Larva Knight had turned the tables around now. Having connections set them apart. They were bestowed with one ordinary true treasure each when Luo Feng admitted them! It was enough to make other universe knights jealous.

******

Luo Feng made a portal connecting his god country with Earth. He was able to quickly go back to his god country from Earth and to arrive back at Earth from his god country. With that path, even space shock.

Twelve years passed.

"Haha! Shi Wu Wing is more complicated than I thought," said Luo Feng. "I've spent twelve years, and I've finally fully comprehended the second form."

Shua!

Luo Feng teleported from his palace to a silent sky hundreds of light years away. He didn't dare try the second form of the Shi Wu Wings while on Earth. With his power, a slight trace of his Shi Wu Wings could dismantle Earth.

Luo Feng stood in space, his eyes gleaming. "Let me see the power of the second form of Shi Wu Wings."

The four-winged Shi Wu Wings were a top-tier true treasure. The first form of the four-winged Shi Wu Wings was more powerful than the second form of the two-winged Shi Wu Wings. And the second form of the fourth wing should be more powerful than the third form of the two-winged version.

The first form was called "space and time in disorder." But what about the second form?

Chi! Chi! Chi!

Endless burning power flooded Shi Wu Wings along the engraving sculptures, and the power triggered all the sculptures. Instantly, the second level of sculptures on Shi Wu Wings were completely utilized, and the silver wing immediately started to change. The wing became sharper, and golden threads appeared on it. An elegant but powerful force permeated from it. It made Shi Wu Wing stronger than ordinary top-tier true treasures.

Hong!

The sky was enveloped in golden light. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Luo Feng stood in the sky in silence. No matter how powerful the second form of Shi Wu Wings was, Luo Feng wouldn't be overly surprised. Rather, the function of Shi Wu Wings was what thrilled him.

"This, this…" Luo Feng looked around. "There is a star-level strange beast on a planet 1.2 light years away." He looked in another direction. "And there is a construction team 2.9 light years away from me, reconstructing that planet. There's a spaceship 3.8 light years away from me. There's sector-lord team on patrol 19.6 light years away from me."

The 80-square-light-year area was entirely enveloped by the blurry golden light! This area was completely under Luo Feng's control, and he knew everything that was happening within the area.

"How…? How come?" The more Luo Feng sensed everything around him, the more thrilled he got. "Even universe masters aren't able to control such a giant area! Suppression!"

Luo Feng triggered the wing, and the constraining power on the space surged. All the spaceships in this area immediately slowed down. Some stars started to tremble. If Luo Feng didn't control his power intentionally, those stars would've been annihilated.

"Suppression!" Luo Feng pointed to a star in the distance.

Hong!

The star, its three planets, and all the many asteroids held within its gravity were all annihilated under power that could kill a universe knight. A whole solar system vanished from existence just like that.

"So powerful." Luo Feng put all the suppression on himself. He could feel the incredible constraining power. "It's stronger than that of universe masters."

Luo Feng felt constraint akin to a universe master's control over space and time! He could tell clearly that his control over the area of 80 square light years was more powerful than that of universe masters, but, of course, it was still inferior to that of universe supreme masters!

"It's more powerful than that of universe masters! My Shi Wu Wings…" Luo Feng was overjoyed. "The first form can throw time and space into disorder, and the second form can fully control space and time! The control is stronger than that of universe masters, and so is the range."

Luo Feng narrowed the golden light. "I can control the size. Impressive." He smiled. "From now on, I'll have the ability to control space and time. Who will doubt that I'm a universe master? Haha…"

It was within his expectations to discover that the second form had such a function, but it was an exhilarating surprise.

"I'll name the second form of Shi Wu Wings…" whispered Luo Feng, who was covered with golden light, "Golden Country!"