Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1140: The Dark Continent

There was a seven-color light membrane that was as thin as a piece of film high up in the sky covering the vast continent. It had an extremely strong resistance, but Luo Feng could easily pass through it.

"This resistance, I think only a sector lord will be able to penetrate."

Luo Feng nodded slightly, then headed downward to the ground. Just being high up in the sky, Luo Feng could feel an extremely strong "suction force" from beneath. It was so strong that Luo Feng was taken aback.

"Such a strong force," he said. "I think only those of universe level would be able to keep flying under such force."

He only flashed about in midair for a short moment before he landed on the vast grounds. The moment his feet touched the ground as he landed, the strong suction force weakened to be almost negligible, all within an instant.

Luo Feng commented lightly, "Yuan Ao Master really put in a lot of thought and effort when he created these twelve continents. One great continent and one seven-color light membrane. There must be a repulsive force between the two so as not to feel such a strong repulsive force upon landing."

Luo Feng could not help but marvel at the capability of Yuan Ao Master, who came to existence during the earliest period after the birth of the universe. At the very least, his efforts were evident in the creation of these twelve continents.

Luo Feng scanned his surroundings. This was a deserted plain in pitch-black darkness. At first glance, there were countless skeletons left lying on the grounds, and many were already decomposing. There were some that were still sturdy and whole; obviously, the death was not too long ago.

"This battlefield occupies a space around 6,000 miles wide," Luo Feng said to himself. "Among the corpses lying around, there are some who were highly skilled, while the others were mediocre. The best around here is merely a sector lord."

With his godly power, he investigated the entire battlefield and discovered the corpses of three sector lords. One was buried deep underground while the other two were hidden deep within the mountains.

On either side of the battlefield, there was an incomparably majestic ancient city. On the wall surrounding both cities, for a distance of at least 6,000 miles, there were large numbers of warriors on patrol. These warriors looked like they all came from different races, and the cities' walls reeked of blood, as though they were telling the cruelest stories found in the history of war.

"Battlefield? Impregnable passes on both sides?"

Luo Feng underwent a rapid transformation where his wings became a dark green color, and his hairstyle became a cropped short and fiery red. His skin also turned dark green. This look resembled the soldiers of one of the races he managed to detect when he investigated the place with his godly power. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"I cannot identify this race at all." He conducted his investigation with his consciousness, rapidly scanning through the virtual universe, but what he found gave him a good shock. "Ka Vulture clan? This weak little race disappeared from the universe a long time ago. Only some remnants of it are left in the Yuan Ao region." Luo Feng sighed. "Previously, when Yuan Ao Master rampantly plundered about, who would have expected him to leave behind a trace of this Ka Vulture clan?"

Shua!

With one step, Luo Feng crossed the majestic frontier of the city, which was more than 6,000 miles away from where he was. Luo Feng appeared in the sky above the incomparably luxurious and vast city where thousands of people were bustling with excitement. Luo Feng was positioned high up in the sky, so naturally, those ordinary life forms would not be able to see him.

Luo Feng checked the golden toad that he held in his left palm. Both eyes were still gray.

"Still gray. Every continent is immeasurably massive. This toad with its gray eyes will only be able to detect if I am within a distance of 60 million miles away from my target. How long will that take?"

Luo Feng took another step forward. He would continue investigating until he reached the 60-million-mile range.

******

Luo Feng embarked on a long period of investigative works. Out of these twelve continents, the one of the smallest diameter would be around one light year, and the biggest could be as big as eight light years!

Every time Luo Feng teleported, he made sure to maintain 60 million miles, so if he were to teleport 10,000 times a day… it would take ten days for him to pass through a continent with a diameter of one light year. And the width itself was already one light year…

"If I had to look into twelve such continents, I'm afraid I would need several tens of thousands of years. Fortunately, the investigative works would only require some efforts on my part."

Therefore, Luo Feng only took out a trace of his consciousness to begin on this long journey of investigative works. The bulk of his consciousness was completely devoted to studying the beast god path and pictures of secret engravings.

******

In the twinkling of an eye, Luo Feng had spent half a year on this continent.

"Nothing. There is nothing here, either. Here… Huh? It's red now!"

After teleporting repeatedly, Luo Feng suddenly stopped. The eyes of the golden toad in his hand turned fiery red. After half a year of probing around, this was the first time the eyes of the golden toad had turned red. Naturally, Luo Feng was so overwhelmed with emotions that his other bodies temporarily stopped cultivating too.

"In that direction."

Luo Feng looked up into the distance. With one teleportation, he reached around one million miles away from his target. Thereafter, Luo Feng started flying…

"One million miles. I can make it there in a split moment. I have to see for myself what the situation is around the target. What could be so highly regarded by Ancestral God of the Ancestral God School—the universe's top power—who even mentioned that something terrible might happen to the primal universe?"

Luo Feng did not dare to be the least bit careless and maintained due vigilance. After all, Ancestral God mentioned that something "bodes ill for the primal universe," so it would be no simple affair, after all.

Flying high in the air, Luo Feng's godly power investigated within 6,000 miles of his surroundings as he did not dare to probe too far away, lest he alerted his target unnecessarily and gave it the chance for escape.

This was Luo Feng's first time investigating a vast continent so meticulously. This task showed him scenes depicting snippets of life on this continent where various events of love and hatred unfolded before him. Luo Feng got to see the uniqueness of the civilization on this "Dark Continent" with his own eyes, and that made him happy.

"Interesting fellow, unlucky fellow."

Luo Feng's power suddenly locked down on a certain spot of this continent.

******

"Mighty Flame family, just you wait! I, Bu Ah, will become the great Holy One, and then I will raze the entire Mighty Flame fortress to the ground!"

A burly rider was seen on the back of his gigantic demon beast with tusks. He was tall, bulky, and his entire body was covered with sturdy armor. By the sides of his demon beast were two large, blood-red axes. On his face, there was a scar slashed across half of his face, adding on to his ferocity.

"How dare you insult me like that! I served him well, fought for him with my life, and yet he dared insult me so. Even my maid was snatched away from me and given to someone else. I will take my revenge, I definitely will! I will be back, and I will come back as the great Holy One and stamp on the entire Mighty Flame fortress until it becomes nothing but a flat piece of land."

The demon beast rider cursed and swore. Then his demon beast took off in a sprint.

Hong! Long! Long!

Rumbling of hooves were heard from behind.

The demon beast rider looked behind, and for the moment, his eyes widened as he went pale. Behind him, an army of at least 100 demon beast riders were charging toward him with murderous intentions.

Gagagaga!

A piercing sound was heard from the sky, causing this demon beast rider, "Bu Ah," to look up. In midair, there was a gigantic beast that was fiery red all over, and its scaled armor and wings were surrounded by a ring of flames.

"Fire pterosaur! There are only nine fire pterosaurs in Mighty Flame fortress, and just to kill me, a fifth-grade rider, they have mobilized a fire pterosaur and 100 demon beast riders."

Bu Ah's eyes revealed a look of insanity as he grabbed a rider's rifle that was a good 36 feet long from the back of his demon beast in one swift move. With both hands, he held the rifle and took aim at the fire pterosaur fast approaching him from high up in the air. Beads of perspiration rolled down Bu Ah's face as his entire body trembled. He gritted his teeth and stared. It was not fear he felt; it was because the fire pterosaur charging down from the sky was overwhelmingly oppressive.

To be a worthy opponent of a fire pterosaur, one needed to be a "ninth-grade rider," which was just second to the level of a Holy One. He was merely a fifth-grade rider… Combining the efforts of 1,000 riders of his level would still be unable to defeat one fire pterosaur!

Hong!

The demon beast he was riding went soft in the knees and fell. Bu Ah fell off its back in midair and crashed to the ground rapidly. Although his body was in a somersault as he fell, his hands were still holding onto the rifle and aiming at midair.

"Mighty Flame family! Mighty Flame family! You wretched beings!" Bu Ah roared. "Even if I, the great Bu Ah, were to perish now, I would come back as a demon rider to haunt you all."

"Hahaha…"

"Demon rider?"

"In your dreams."

The fire pterosaur was hovering in midair while the other demon beast riders caught up at top speed. Soon, Bu Ah was heavily surrounded.

This troop of demon beast riders… Luo Feng judged from where he was, high up in the sky and seemed to consist of three different races; in terms of power, that flying beast should probably be of a "star level seventh-to-eighth grade standard." Although flying was usually only possible for beings of universe level, this beast had wings and the innate ability it could rely on, so flying was already almost possible.

As for those riders, they should mostly be of the star traveler level standard, the highest of the lot would, at most, be at a star traveler level ninth grade standard.

A rider wearing the most elegant armor, who was riding a snow-white, single-horned beast, said, "Bu Ah, I am not going to be a bully. My underlings are not fighting you, only me… I will fight you."

"Come, come, Uncle Bu Ah shall spank your bottom!"

Bu Ah, holding on to his gigantic rifle, grinned. He was like a crazy demon as he stared at the handsome rider. He was aware that before the Mighty Flame family, he was a puny nobody, even though he knew that putting up a resistance would cost him his life, he was not going to take it lying down.

Suddenly… everything between heaven and earth fell into silence. It was as though time stopped. Even the wild grass by the roadside that was bending in the direction of the winds froze in their respective positions. The riders and the beast hovering in mid-air stopped moving too.

"What, what is happening?" Bu Ah was terrified as he held onto his rifle.

A lone figure approached him slowly, a smile on his face as he looked at Bu Ah.

"You shall do," said the man with his dark green wings. He looked at Bu Ah, and an invisible force held Bu Ah captive.

Shua!

Around 600 miles away, in the middle of a deserted plain, Bu Ah was released and fell onto the ground. He immediately stood up, while continuing to blabber, "I must have encountered a ghost. Could Uncle Bu Ah have met with the demon ghost? Hmm… where is the fire pterosaur? Where, where is this? Ah…"

The big, burly man looked at the figure standing in front of him with great terror. The figure wore a black robe that looked harmlessly simple. With his dark green wings and skin and his fiery red, cropped hair, his entire being seemed to exude a faint, mysterious aura.

"Sir." Bu Ah bowed immediately.

Luo Feng looked at Bu Ah. "After arriving at your world, I needed to find a life form to ask about certain things. You are the chosen one. I know you are fearful of that Mighty Flame family. Fret not. The troop that was after you will think you have escaped far away. Oh? You are guessing who I am? A Holy One? A legendary being? A demigod?"

Bu Ah's fear intensified. This being before him knew all the thoughts that were going through his mind.

Luo Feng laughed. Being at universe level, he could easily conduct a soul-search on another being at a star traveler level, given his current power… There was no way the thoughts of such a weak little fellow could escape investigation. Luo Feng teased this fellow for fun, but at the same time, he was speedily scanning through his memories to conduct a meticulous search.

"Interesting world. Interesting young fellow." Luo Feng looked at Bu Ah. At the same time, he turned to look far away into the mountains. "Whatever caused the eyes of the golden toad to turn red is in that direction, and what lives there is actually what the locals call a legendary being. I admire your character, but I am curious to know what you will become if you own great power."

Luo Feng studied Bu Ah, who was in a mixed state of fear and uneasiness. Suddenly, a kiwi fruit seed—something ordinary that came from the universe—appeared on Luo Feng's palm. It was one of the countless materials hidden within Luo Feng's world ring. The next moment, it transformed into a stream of green light and enshrouded Bu Ah.

"Ah!" Bu Ah was in great shock. Within an instant, he was entirely enveloped in that green light.

Under the subtle control of Luo Feng's godly power, Bu Ah's body continuously absorbed the essence of energy and achieved breakthroughs repeatedly. His life gene level was soaring at a frightening speed, almost instantaneously… Within a short moment, a ninth-grade universe level being was born.

Luo Feng smiled as he watched everything happened. Since he had already obtained the information he needed, then what he had done to Bu Ah was merely out of randomness to appease his earlier curiosity. To a great universe master… the value of a small seed taken from the universe could most probably be neglected.

Turning around, Luo Feng stepped forward and left.