Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1143 The Beginning of the Plo

Standing in midair above the mouth of the volcano, Luo Feng disappeared suddenly. Then, one after another, domains connected to the Dark Continent started appearing, but Luo Feng would always appear within one million miles of a place where undying spirits could be found.

"Not red."

"Not red."

"Red!"

"Not red."

After teleporting for a few hundred times, within an extremely short time, he finished surveying the few hundred undying spirits. Out of these undying spirits, there was a total of 12 who could cause both eyes of the golden toad to turn red. Being prudent, Luo Feng immediately put all 12 undying spirits within a dim, sealed space around them to ensure that all 12 undying spirits were unable to move an inch.

"Now, it is time to go meet Torch Smelting Master God."

Luo Feng trod ahead in midair. One step forward, and he arrived directly above the towering godly palace, which was completely surrounded by volcanoes.

"Huh?" Luo Feng frowned. "There are two targets within this godly palace?"

With the golden toad, he could detect that there were two targets beneath him.

******

Within the godly palace, in a quiet palace hall, Torch Smelting Master God held onto his scepter as he stood in one spot. He was unable to break free from the invisible golden light restraining him.

Suddenly, there was absolute silence. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

A man with dark green wings was slowly descending from the sky and landed in this palace hall, which was in the highest point of this godly palace. Yet he was completely unnoticed by the guards stationed around the entire godly palace. Torch Smelting Master God was a little intimidated when he saw the man before him.

He said, "If I may ask, why is my lord here at Yuan Ao secret region? If I am clear of your purpose of visit, I can request an audience for you with Yuan Ao Master."

"Why not address him as Yuan Ao Supreme God?" Luo Feng jested.

At the same time, he made a speedy judgment that this Torch Smelting Master God was the cause of the eyes of that golden toad turning red, and not some strange object.

"My lord, you possess such power," Torch Smelting Master God said reverentially. "You must be a universe master from other powers of the universe."

Luo Feng made no denial.

"My lord, please feel free to give me your orders," Torch Smelting Master God said. "I, Torch Smelting, will do my best to serve you."

"Let me ask you," Luo Feng began.

"Please speak your mind," Torch Smelting Master God had barely started when his eyes darkened as though he had already entered an illusion.

Luo Feng frowned as he looked at Torch Smelting Master God before him. I suppose he is only an elementary knight. Yet, I could only manage to make him fall into an illusion, I am unable to search his memory.

To search memories, firstly, one had to be good in the skill itself; secondly, both parties must be very far apart. This Torch Smelting Master God was also a universe knight, albeit a very weak one, but he was very good with aspects involving souls, so Luo Feng could at most push him into an illusion but was unable to search his memories. Luo Feng stood where he was, waiting silently for a moment.

"Finally, he cannot hold out any longer." Luo Feng smiled and nodded.

Torch Smelting Knight had finally fallen into the illusion. Of course, this merely meant that Luo Feng could carry out his interrogation. He was still unable to search his memories.

"Let me ask you, what special secret do you have?" Luo Feng asked.

With his scepter in his hands, Torch Smelting knight started speaking in a mechanical manner. "I sneak-attacked 'Stoic God' and killed him…"

Luo Feng listened with furrowed brows. Something was not right.

It did not sound as though there was anything threatening the primal universe. The primal universe was impregnated with hundreds of millions of races… Even the invincible existence, human form "Teacher Origin," was suppressed by the universe origin. To be able to be termed as something that boded ill against the primal universe, where even Teacher Origin was mobilized, this was definitely no trivial matter.

"Have you ever left Yuan Ao secret region? Has Yuan Ao Master ever ordered you to handle some important matters? Have you ever obtained any unique treasures, or met with any unique encounters? What makes you stand out from the other knights? What is special about you?"

Luo Feng interrogated Torch Smelting Master God without pause. Completely immersed within his illusionary world, Torch Smelting Master God answered all Luo Feng's questions with everything he knew. The more Luo Feng heard, the more confused he got. Then, he was struck by a sudden thought…

Shua!

A figure encased in golden light flew over. This was the other target found within the godly palace that caused the eyes of the golden toad to turn red—an undying spirit. This tall and burly life form was black all over. He merely stood in one spot with lifeless eyes. He had already fallen under Luo Feng's control, wordlessly and without any warning.

"Search his memories."

Luo Feng was unable to search Torch Smelting Master God, but he was able to search those of this undying. A moment later…

"Huh?" Luo Feng looked at the black and burly undying life form and Torch Smelting Master God. "So coincidental? This undying spirit and the one I killed previously, Povah God, are all soul servants of this Torch Smelting Master God?"

Combining the two memories, Luo Feng discovered this common ground. With a thought in mind, Luo Feng made his move.

In certain faraway lands within the Dark Continent, there were 12 "undying spirits" who could also cause the eyes of the golden toad to become red. With a single thought, Luo Feng released them from the sealed space. Then, by switching time and space, he shifted all of them into this towering palace hall.

Within this palace hall, 15 figures suddenly gathered. Now, Luo Feng was with Torch Smelting Master God and 13 undying spirits.

"Every one of them here are targets."

"Search!"

Immediately, Luo Feng went to the trouble of painstakingly searching the memories of every undying spirit present. Apart from Torch Smelting Master God, he searched the memories of all the other 13 undying spirits… Then he carefully carried out comparisons.

"There is nothing out of the norm. They are all very ordinary undying! And they crawled out step-by-step from the Dark Continent." Luo Feng analyzed this. "The only common thing was… all 13 of them are soul servants of Torch Smelting Master God."

"Torch Smelting." Luo Feng looked at Torch Smelting, "how many soul servants do you have?"

"A total of 20," Torch Smelting Master God replied. "Four have been annihilated. 16 left."

Luo Feng took one look at the 13 undying spirits standing there expressionlessly, as though they were in a coma, and asked, "All are undying?"

"There are three demigods," Torch Smelting Master God replied.

"Under the command of which undying spirit, from which empire?" Luo Feng asked.

******

Since he had already searched the memories of these 13 undying spirits, he was naturally familiar with the geographical location of the entire Dark Continent. According to what Torch Smelting Master God said, Luo Feng was able to locate the three soul servant of Torch Smelting Master God, who were sector lords! He searched their memories… but the results were surprising. These three sector lords were unable to cause the eyes of the golden toad to turn red, so obviously, they were not the targets he was looking for.

These three sector lords were not targets. But—out of all the soul servants of Torch Smelting Master God—every single one of the undying servants are targets. Even Torch Smelting Master God himself is a target.

Luo Feng pondered this. But Torch Smelting Master God himself does not seem to present any problems. Could it be…?

"Torch Smelting, is Yuan Ao your master?" Luo Feng asked.

"Yes," Torch Smelting Master God replied in a mechanical manner.

Luo Feng laughed suddenly. "So, it is really him…" Luo Feng continued pressing him for more information. "Do you know whether Yuan Ao Master has other soul servants?"

"Yes, there are two that I know of," Torch Smelting Master God replied in his mechanical voice again.

"Tell me their names. Where are they?" Luo Feng asked.

******

A short while later…

Including Torch Smelting Master God, all 14 targets were annihilated without a second thought. Luo Feng retreated from this golden kingdom and immediately teleported away from the Dark Continent. Then he proceeded to an even wider continent out of the twelve large continents: Towering Continent.

******

Within the mezzanine spaces corresponding to the universe space of the Yuan Ao secret region, in the depths of the limitless space debris, there was a vast, towering god country. This god country was mighty and boundless.

Suspended in midair above this god country was a gigantic continent. This suspended continent had many black chains that were all at least 60 million miles long, plunged straight into the bottomless ocean. The entire suspended continent seemed unable to float away because of these few hundred huge black chains connected to it.

Right in the core of this suspended continent, there was a vast lake. Within the lake, there was a boiling-hot black fluid. If any universe knight were to fall within this black fluid, he would be burned and annihilated within an instant.

There was an incomparably towering figure lying over there. This towering figure was like a giant sculpted out of a gigantic mountain, and it lay within the vast lake brimming with that boiling-hot black fluid.

Hua!

The giant sat up suddenly. His head was squarish with only one large eye and a mouth. His godly body wore gray armor covered with a layer of mercury-like liquid set into a continuous motion. The moment he sat up, it was as though a towering mountain were emerging out of a lake filled with black fluid. The black fluid continuously flowed from his body to return to the lake.

He was none other than the famous Yuan Ao Master!

"The misty, golden domain," Yuan Ao Master said in a low voice. "Even Torch Smelting is unable to resist? Looks resembling that of the Ka Vulture clan with an invincible power. Oh… He has fallen into an illusion."

Torch Smelting Master God was his soul servant, so naturally, they could communicate via their souls even if they were very far away from one another. Even at the very instant, he knew he had fallen into an illusion; Torch Smelting Master God was quick at providing Yuan Ao Master with information immediately.

What a pity. He quickly fell into enemy's hands and was no longer able to transmit information.

"What strong power. A top-tier universe overlord? No. He must be a universe master."

Yuan Ao Master waited in silence. Only a short moment later, Yuan Ao Master felt his servant, Torch Smelting Master God, being annihilated.

"He really is dead." Yuan Ao Master affirmed the fact in a low voice, his eyes burning with a strange emotion. "Everything is happening as expected. Once the plan is activated… the Ancestral God School—the self-proclaimed guardians of the primal universe origin—will be sure to make a move. Indeed, this move came pretty quickly. The Ancestral God School must have sent a universe master. Bring it on."

"What a great sacrifice," he continued, "but Ancestral God School coming here doesn't really mean much. Since the great being from the Ancestral God School has arrived… I should also move on to my next step: the demons… The Space Beast Alliance… The Northern Territory Alliance… They should all make their way here one after the other."

******

Luo Feng was oblivious to everything that was happening.

Strange, he thought. It is understandable if Yuan Ao Master did not know about me killing Povah God. But I killed his soul servant, Torch Smelting Master God. Yuan Ao Master would surely learn of it almost immediately. Luo Feng stood high up in the sky of the vast Tower Continent, with slightly furrowed brows as he considered. But Yuan Ao Master has not made a single move at all.

Yuan Ao Master might have very strong power, but Luo Feng had no fear for him.

But Yuan Ao Master did not appear…

Luo Feng felt that something was not right. If there was someone slaughtering great beings in the human territory, then universe masters of the human race would have reacted and appeared quickly. Besides, based on the information obtained from earlier investigations, Torch Smelting Master God and the other undying soul servants were already confirmed as targets. Since Yuan Ao Master was the master of Torch Smelting Master God, it was very likely that the source might be found with Yuan Ao Master!

"We shall see. I am very interested to know what tricks he has up his sleeves and what could mean harm to the primal universe."

With a thought in mind, Luo Feng made his move.

Hong! Long!

An endless, misty, golden light—bringing with it the power of Milky Way Horde Leader—landed directly on this Towering Continent with a maximum diameter of 5.1 light years. At this very moment, not one of those great beings on Towering Continent would ever hold hopes of eluding Luo Feng's control.