Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1146 Strange Objec

Luo Feng had thick arms, and one was carrying a cardinal shield while the other was carrying a bronze and bloody hammer. The hammer was enormous, and there were nails on it.

Hou!

There were flames around the hammer, and it dashed at Luo Feng with mighty power. The space around it turned into particles.

Luo Feng's blade Absolute Guest came out of the sheath. Absolute Guest was a pinnacle true treasure blade created by Sitting Mountain Guest and was much more powerful than Blade Ghost Blade, which Luo Feng wielded to fight Master of Banff! A powerful true treasure could affect power to a large extent, and the closest power level was that of a supreme true treasure; the gap was larger.

"Dang!"

The blade hit the arm of the hammer, and the shock wave made Luo Feng take three steps back.

Yuan Ao Master took two steps back and stopped.

"You?" Yuan Ao Master growled and glared at Luo Feng. "You were at an advantage when you were fighting Master of Banff only because you performed your supreme technique! Your blade technique wasn't that impressive. How could you just resist my hammer?"

Luo Feng sneered and said, "Stop talking! Show me your true power!"

Luo Feng knew exactly how powerful Yuan Ao Master was, despite the fact that he shouted like that. He had been suppressing Yuan Ao Master using Golden Country and Nine Tiger River at the beginning! As a matter of fact, Yuan Ao Master was indeed stronger than Luo Feng.

When he was fighting Master of Banff, Master of Banff used Floating Mountain Sea to suppress Luo Feng, and Luo Feng was only using Blood Ghost Blade. That was how Master of Banff was able to be at an advantage. However, Luo Feng was the one at an advantage now. He had better true treasures, and he was able to rival Yuan Ao Master even without I Am the Universe.

"How rampant you are!" Yuan Ao Master roared. "Well, you're indeed qualified to be rampant, as you've been only training for a few dozen eras. However, you need to learn that nobody cares how long you've been practicing. I'll reveal my true power now!"

Hong!

The godly body of Yuan Ao Master was surrounded by flames that were like nebulas. The flames were so powerful that even Nine Tiger River under Golden Country crumbled instantly.

"So powerful!" Luo Feng looked to the flame whirlpool in shock. "It can rival the supreme technique 'Dark Dight' of Star River Master."

Hong! Long! Long!

The breathtaking and shining flame whirlpool shrank and concentrated on that gigantic hammer. The fire on the hammer surged. All of a sudden, the hammer was emanating endless force, as if it were a pinnacle domain type true treasure.

"Burn!" Yuan Ao Master roared.

Hong!

The huge hammer looked bloody under the flame, and the bloodstains seemed to be triggered. An evil force permeated that drilled into Luo Feng and started to attack his body.

"Kill! Kill! Kill! Die!"

The roaring resounded in Luo Feng's mind.

"Humph!" Yuan Ao Master sneered. To him, although Luo Feng was a peerless genius in the human race—even in the universe—he had only practiced for a few dozen eras, and his mind might be his disadvantage. The hammer might not be a threat to real universe masters, but it was likely to work on this human genius! It could at least daze Luo Feng and put him in danger.

Peng!

The hammer arrived in front of Luo Feng.

Hua!

Golden light shone, and it was sharp and cold! It hid the hammer directly.

Luo Feng was blasted away like a beam of light and didn't stop flying for thousands of kilometers, yet Yuan Ao Master stood in the sky, dazed.

"He resisted it? And his godly body isn't weakened, either?" said Yuan Ao Master.

"Hahaha, is this your move, Yuan Ao Master?"

Luo Feng laughed on the outside, but inside, he was shocked. Even though he had Nine Tiger River and Golden Country, he was still at a severe disadvantage… That move was indeed terrifically powerful. Although it was less powerful than the trump card of Star River Master, it was only slightly weaker. However, it was different from when he was fighting Star River Master. He had Golden Country, Nine Tiger River, and Absolute Guest. He didn't have Star Tower, but Luo Feng had only lost 2/10,000ths of his godly body.

That Yuan Ao Master might've already lost 1/10,000th of his godly body already, Luo Feng thought. I have Force Armor to protect me.

"Good," said Yuan Ao Master. "Incredible. No wonder you're a peerless genius in the human race. It's been less than one era since you fought Master of Banff, but your power has surged again! You're not even injured at my hands. I originally considered consuming you to death, as I have a large godly body, but now, you're qualified to make me use that!" Yuan Ao Master glared at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng was surprised. Use that?

"Haha! Everyone can bluff," said Luo Feng. "Don't you have a supreme true treasure?" Luo Feng opened his four wings and stood on Nine Tiger River, looking at Yuan Ao Master in the distance.

"Humph! I've only used it once in Universe Ocean since I got it. This will be the first time I use it in the original universe." Yuan Ao Master waved his hands, and the hammer disappeared, after which a strange black object showed up in Yuan Ao Master's hands. The black object was mighty.

"How powerful." Luo Feng confirmed that the black object was one of the targets using his golden toad. "That's a target? That strange object?"

Luo Feng was shocked. He had killed some undying fighters and universe knights since coming here. It had always been living beings that made the golden toad's eyes turn red! And he was supposed to kill all of them.

Ancestral God asked Luo Feng to find out what was happening here. Luo Feng surmised that… the origin might be that strange object!

That strange object looked like a giant piece of black wood, and one side was broken. The grains on the wood looked odd—like half-circles winding with each other—and the entire black wood was strangely powerful.

So powerful! I've seen many valuables, but the only two things that can outpower this are a fully utilized Star Tower and Five-Color Aurora Lake, Luo Feng thought. I have Star Tower in my hands, but I can't fully utilize it, and it can't trump this black wood now.

Although Yuan Ao Master had launched some attacks, that black wood was already more forceful than the true treasure maces and the pinnacle true treasure that Double-Face Ancestral God used.

"I killed a universe master with one attack." Yuan Ao Master stroked the black wood. "This is a valuable I got in Universe Ocean after lots of efforts and dangers. I'll use it to rip you into pieces. I'll take your true treasures by destroying this body of yours, and it'll be your punishment. As for the Ancestral God School? Haha! I'm not even afraid of Ancestral God! Just come!"

******

Demon race territory in the distance.

Inside Dream Ancestor Secret Region, a giant silver snake was floating in the space where the palaces of Dream Demon Ancestor. He looked up in a certain direction in the universe.

"A ripple… It's that ripple," said the silver snake slowly. "It's in Yuan Ao Secret Region. Did Yuan Ao Master get a strange object? What a moron. How stupid is he to bring that object back to the original universe. Doesn't he know the original universe doesn't allow that kind of strange object?"

The silver snake made an order immediately.

"Sky Wolf, You Mo, go to Yuan Ao Secret Region. I'll go there if you run into dangers."

"Yes."

Sky Wolf Master and You Mo Master took the order. Both of them had lived for a long time, and Sky Wolf Master was a pinnacle universe master with great surviving skills. So was You Mo Master. The two universe masters were only scouts.

******

The Northern Territory Alliance.

"That strange object! It's rare for it to show up even in Universe Ocean, and it shows up now? Though it still can't rival a supreme true treasure, it's very close already. Even pinnacle set true treasures can't rival that. I'm sure that the universe supreme masters in the original universe have already heard. I'll send two universe masters there to see, and I can get there immediately."

Soon, Northern Territory Alliance sent two universe masters. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

******

Meanwhile, the Ancestral God School sent three universe masters. The bug race sent one universe master, and the space Beast Alliance sent two universe masters.

The superpowers in the universe all sent universe masters, and the universe supreme masters behind them were observing the situation closely. On the contrary, the automaton race and the human race didn't send anyone, as Huge Axe Founder was in Universe Ocean while Father God was in another universe.