Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1149 Being Trampled On

Yuan Ao Master who shrank into the size of a fist, then suddenly underwent explosive growth. At the same time, he let out crazy and wild laughter.

"Hahaha! Nine Remoteness, the legendary Nine Remoteness! Fearsome Nine Remoteness… His legendary ultimate technique 'Nine Remoteness Ocean Eye' is famous throughout the Universe Ocean. Many top powers are afraid of it. But I have the godly wood! Nine Remoteness poses no threat to me at all. Haha… In the primal universe, the universe supreme beings' powers can only be so strong-at the very most, slightly higher than Nine Remoteness's legendary ultimate technique. Who can take me down? Bring it on, human! Luo Feng, You Nan, Anaconda! You three fellows, come here… Let me trample on you."

With a stern expression, You Nan Master said, "Let's go."

Luo Feng nodded, and Anaconda Master also gave a slight nod with its gigantic snake's head.

Sou!

They transformed into light and flew away at high speed. With the large, black godly wood in his hands, Yuan Ao Master stood within the void space as he looked at the three beams of light escaping. He let out unrestrained and wild laughter.

"Escaping is all you are capable of? Haha! Ancestral God School! Haha! You are unable to do anything to a universe supreme being. I have this godly wood; its power is almost the same as a universe supreme being. I am not afraid of you. Haha…!"

Afar, the three beams of light made their way out of the sealed space of that domain and immediately vanished from sight.

******

Within the quiet void space of Yuan Ao Secret Region, a continuous, mountainous region hovered in midair. And within this mountainous region, there was a waterfall. Luo Feng, You Nan Master, and Anaconda Master stood by the pond beneath the waterfall.

Hua!

A dim ray of light appeared, and a lone figure walked out. It was Nine Remoteness Master in his magnificent black robe.

"Nine Remoteness Master," Luo Feng, You Nan Master, and Anaconda Master all said, looking over.

"Very powerful." Nine Remoteness Master shook his head and said, "My strongest technique, together with a self-destruction attack. If he did not have that godly wood, my attacks would give him severe injuries. However, he was able to rely on the black godly wood to ward off my attacks and retaliate. This rendered 90 percent of my attacks useless, as he could easily ward them off. From how I see it, the attacks earlier on only made him lose one 1/1,000th of his godly body."

Luo Feng, You Nan Master, and Anaconda Master fell into momentary silence.

Being able to cause Yuan Ao Master to lose 1/1,000th of his godly body was considered quite a feat. Previously, when Luo Feng had fought against Yuan Ao Master, he had not been able to hurt him at all; on the contrary, Yuan Ao Master might have consumed some of his godly body, but that was because he chose to execute his strongest technique, which caused him to use up some of his godly power. If Yuan Ao Master were to execute his ultimate technique with the empowerment of the black godly wood, he might be at a disadvantage, but there was no doubt he could ward off Luo Feng's attacks without consuming his godly body.

"Nine Remoteness, within the primal universe, in terms of attack techniques, probably only a universe supreme being can surpass you," Anaconda Master said.

"If even you are unable to," You Nan Master said, "what can we do?"

Luo Feng was also frowning. Since becoming Milky Way Horde Leader, Luo Feng would engage in idle chats occasionally with his teacher, Primal Chaos City Leader, to obtain a deeper understanding of the powers of universe masters. Based on what he already knew, universe masters could be categorized into the levels of elementary, ordinary, pinnacle, and top-tier.

To be considered top-tier, one's life gene level, true treasures, and techniques had to reach the pinnacle stage. Numerous existences in the universe, like Ice Mountain Master and Void Gold Master, could all be pulled into this category. However, Star River Master, Primal Chaos City Leader, Nine Remoteness Master, and a few others were the cream of the crop and were more outstanding than the rest.

For instance, Star River Master's technique had achieved the perfect combination of two supreme techniques. As for Nine Remoteness Master, every time he divided out another body, its life gene level would likely only be able to reach 1,000 times, but as for the supreme technique that he could execute… Once he self-destructed, he was able to converge all the energy of his entire godly being to bring about a mass explosion in an instant! The explosive surge in power was certainly alarming.

That was why Star River Master, Primal Chaos City Leader, and Nine Remoteness Master were considered the cream of the crop-and could be regarded as the most powerful universe masters within the universe today!

Of course, Nine Remoteness Master's flaws were obvious. Each body could only execute its most powerful attack once. Once execution was completed, another body would be required. God Country Transportation would then send another one. By that time, the enemy would have long fled the scene. So, relatively speaking, Star River Master and Primal Chaos City Leader were more intimidating.

Primal Chaos City Leader's supreme technique's sustainability was not as good as that of Star River Master, while Star River Master's godly body remained a mystery. All that was known was that he could execute his supreme technique repeatedly and sustain it for a long time. Naturally, this made Star River Master a tad stronger than Primal Chaos City Leader when it came to being a deterrent force in the vast universe.

Above the rank of a supreme universe master was the universe supreme being!

The primal universe had a strong binding force over the powers of supreme universe beings, and all of them were under this constraint, allowing the powers that these universe supreme beings unleashed to be a notch stronger than those of Star River Master and Primal Chaos City Leader. That was all! Of course, their merits were obvious, too… They could repeatedly and continuously execute a technique without having to worry about consumption of their godly bodies because the amount of godly body being used up would be nowhere near the limit designated to a universe supreme being.

"In a head-on battle, no one within this primal universe would be able to kill Yuan Ao Master," Nine Remoteness Master said.

"What can we do?"

"The few of us will not be able to shoulder the weight of this responsibility."

Nine Remoteness Master's eyes scanned the crowd of three, including Luo Feng. Then he said, "Hold it! Let's continue this conversation when the others have arrived."

"Right."

"That's all we can do, for now."

*******

The first to arrive was Sea Lotus Master from the bug clan. The number of universe masters in the bug clan was pathetic, but every single universe master wielded a power that was so frighteningly strong. Universe masters of the bug clan… even the weakest one was of a pinnacle level. They were not only skilled in soul type techniques like creating illusions but could also rely on the bug soldiers under their command to execute material techniques, which were not easy to deal with.

Hong! Long! Long!

An area in space collapsed. Space particles rolled about like countless grains of sand in an endless stream. A dazzling golden Mother Nest was suspended in void space, surrounded by 1,000 strong and burly bug soldiers. Every one of them exuded staggering power and could be regarded as top-tier universe overlords. Under the control of the consciousness of a universe master, this power would be even more intense.

Hua!

Innumerable blades converged and swept across the vast sky.

Yuan Ao Master stood at a towering height of one million miles. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"Hahaha, Sea Lotus… it's futile. All those techniques of yours are completely useless."

His hand still held the black godly wood that was a few million miles long. It swept across the void space in a frenzied manner, crushing anything in its way. It was unstoppable and met blows dealt by the bug soldiers head-on, blocking off the bug soldiers repeatedly.

From afar, Nine Remoteness Master, Luo Feng, Anaconda Master, and You Nan Master watched the fight as bystanders.

******

Sea Lotus Master's escape technique was resolute. When he knew he could not beat Yuan Ao Master, he was quick to flee the battlefield after gathering his bug soldier warriors. Thereafter, he joined Nine Remoteness Master and company.

"Nine Remoteness, you did not help me," lamented Sea Lotus Master-a captivating beauty with frail wings that lightly trembling and pretty eyes looking at Nine Remoteness Master.

"You saw how powerful he was," Nine Remoteness Master said, shaking his head. "There was no way I could help you."

"What are you Ancestral God School fellows prepared to do?" Sea Lotus Master asked.

"How about you all from the bug clan?" Nine Remoteness Master rebuked.

"I have to report everything to our Queen, then wait and see. Our Queen is the one who decides what should be done."

Nine Remoteness Master laughed. "We shall wait and see, then."

******

When the various top powers reached the Yuan Ao Secret Region, those who immediately went to confront Yuan Ao Master suffered great losses. Fortunately, universe supreme beings of the various top powers knew that Yuan Ao Master had a strange object, so the universe masters they sent forth were not the strongest in power. Rather, they were extremely skilled in life-saving techniques, so not one being was annihilated.

A battle raged in the midst of the void space. It was a fight in which Sky Wolf Master and You Mo Master from the demon clan joined forces to fight Yuan Ao Master.

"Haha! Look. Sky Wolf Master and You Mo Master are here."

"The two of them alone are life forms that would be trampled on."

"Haha!" laughed Yuan Ao Master. "Sky Wolf. You Mo. The two of you want to fight me? What's your worth?"

Yuan Ao Master held onto his black godly wood and stood as a towering figure in the midst of the void space like an undefeatable entity, seeking attention wildly and with no inhibitions. The black godly wood in his hands would occasionally exhibit a sudden immense growth, which was when he would wield it in a frenzied manner, slashing about insanely.

Yuan Ao Master was aware that he could not possibly kill all these fellows with their hidden trump cards. As such, he could not be bothered using his supreme technique. Every single attack was only a display of his ultimate technique. With Yuan Ao Master's massive godly body, he could rely on it to naturally replenish all that he had consumed from the use of his ultimate technique. No matter how long a fight was, he would never feel the toil.

"Haha! Using my ultimate technique, I could trample on both of you."

Yuan Ao Master waved his black godly wood once again, and for the next few moments, either Sky Wolf Master could be seen being hurled away or You Mo Master could be seen retreating in midair.

Sky Wolf Master and You Mo Master were in a rage.

"Bastard!"

"Loathsome Yuan Ao…!"

They had both realized that while they were exchanging blows with Yuan Ao Master, the commotion had attracted a group of onlookers who watched comfortably from afar without lifting a helping hand. The group included universe masters such as Nine Remoteness Master, Sea Lotus Master, and Golden Horned Master, who represented the Ancestral God School, the bug clan, and the Space Beast Alliance respectively. Sky Wolf Master and You Mo Master wanted to salvage some dignity!

Initially, Yuan Ao Master's power was comparable to theirs, so even if he were to use his ultimate technique to fight them, he would still be able to surpass them by a notch without breaking a sweat! But now, with that black godly wood in hand, he was trampling them without reservations.

"We are not going to fight on further."

"Nine Remoteness Master and company must have failed to gain any benefits, either. Let's go."

"Let's go."

The moment Sky Wolf Master and You Mo Master came to a decision, they immediately acted. The next moment, Sky Wolf Master returned to his Sky Wolf Palace while You Mo Master transformed into an endless black airflow and made a speedy departure.

In the middle of the void space, Yuan Ao Master let out hearty laughter. "Hahaha… I have driven away the Ancestral God School, the bug clan, the Space Beast Alliance, and the demons. I know all of you want this godly wood, but with me holding on to it, you can covet it all you want. Even bringing a universe supreme being here would be pointless. Hahaha…"

******

Time flew by, and batches of great beings came. Various top powers within the universe had arrived, but every single batch met the fate of being trampled on. Eventually, they would all flock to Nine Remoteness Master and company, where previous groups had gathered.

"Humph." Sky Wolf Master, who was pitch-black from head to toe, looked at the human form of Luo Feng in the distance. With four hooves suspended in midair above a mountain peak in the secret region, his eyes flashed with a trace of ferocious hostility as he shouted, "Human Luo Feng!"

Sitting cross-legged on a rock, Luo Feng seemed to sense his glare from afar and looked over. His eyes met those of Sky Wolf Master.

"Sky Wolf." Luo Feng gave a light-hearted laugh, then he turned around and no longer bothered himself with Sky Wolf Master.

Luo Feng's eyes scanned his surroundings. Whether standing, sitting cross-legged, or sprawling on the ground a ways away, the various universe masters from different races and clans were all getting suspicious.

Strange. Why are the universe masters representing humanity still not here? Of all the top powers, only the automaton clan and the human race are missing representatives. I need to ask Teacher!

Right away, Luo Feng connected to the virtual universe with his consciousness.