Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1152 The Legacy of Xuan Yuan

"If this is a one-on-one fight, none of you will be able to do anything to me. Just for this godly wood, all of you have joined efforts to attack me. This brazen behavior is simply shocking."

Yuan Ao Master went on a rampage. In that vast space filled with waves, he crashed and sent gigantic pieces of debris flying about at extremely high speeds while roaring his rage to vent his anger.

Yet no matter how angry he was, there was Black Universe Creator controlling a part of time and space, and Golden Horn Master executing his pinnacle domain type true treasure Endless Light Domain. Both combined caused Yuan Ao Master's speed to be extremely slow.

Following behind them, Black Universe Creator and universe masters of the top nine powers were making their way over in a formidable array.

"Curse! Curse all you want now. You are going to be annihilated right away!"

"What a pathetic fellow."

"Who can he blame? He was always alone. How would he have known that strange objects should never be brought into the primal universe? The moment he allowed the object to recognize its master and brought it into the primal universe, his fate was sealed."

The universe masters following behind either snorted or sympathized. Even Luo Feng shook his head silently. A universe master who had gained his reputation rapidly during the birth period of the universe was about to be annihilated.

Ice Mountain Master did a voice transmission: "The chances of strange objects appearing in the Universe Ocean are low. The number of strange objects appearing is comparable to the numbers of supreme true treasures. For me, Teacher did tell me about this previously. That is how I know we cannot bring strange objects into the primal universe. Even for some of the universe masters who are here now, I believe quite a few of you only got to know about the secret information regarding strange objects now, because of this accidental event. So, I don't think that it's strange for Yuan Ao Master to be so clueless about it."

"That's true." Luo Feng sighed. "If he had known, he would never have done so."

"Who can he blame?" Ice Mountain Master said halfheartedly. "He can only blame the fate that dictated his annihilation."

Luo Feng sighed. Take the fate of the Eight Natural Beast Gods; they had been born as universe masters where their entire bodies constituted of treasures. In the beginning, when the number of great beings from various top powers of the universe were few, the Eight Natural Beast Gods were safe. However, as the great beings from countless races started to sprout, it was only natural for them to come to covet after valuables, so they made their advances like a pack of hungry wolves. That marked the end of the Eight Natural Beast Gods, who were subsequently split up like prey.

Why was Blood Cloud Palace Master attacked? One, because he was indeed an insane fellow. And two, because he did not have an impressive background.

On the contrary, Luo Feng, who had killed over 6,000 universe knights in one move, belonged to the Hong Alliance! Furthermore, he had the support of the Ancestral God School… The three major alliances could only suppress their anger and submit to humiliation. On the other hand, if he was a lone, wandering universe master, if he were to pull off such an unbridled massacre of universe knights, the three major alliances would definitely go crazy and retaliate!

To great beings like Sitting Mountain Guest, Space Ancestor, and Huge Axe Creator, an impressive background was a burden. But to universe masters like Luo Feng, such backgrounds would serve as their tower of strength, their backing.

Without backing, one would be like Yuan Ao Master—ostracized by the primal universe because of a strange object. Even the Ancestral God School was first in line to launch their attack. When universe supreme beings made their moves and attacked, they would not be punished. And these top powers would show no trace of mercy. Even the Eight Beast Gods who had the Ancestral God School as their backing were all killed. What would it have been like if various top powers were to go crazy coveting after valuables? The devastating scene would be massive. This was why Sitting Mountain Guest had warned Luo Feng against rushing to reveal Star Tower.

"Come, come," said Yuan Ao Master. "You all want to kill me, so I might as well take a few of you as my funerary subjects!"

Yuan Ao Master was like a man possessed, crashing and crushing gigantic space debris, roaring without a pause like a rabid dog putting up its final struggle. His display of anger made various super beings hot on his heels either sigh inwardly or sneer at his predicament.

An endless light shrouded a large area of the surroundings, and the group of super beings chasing up from behind in that area. The fastest of them all, Black Universe Creator, was rapidly approaching.

Yuan Ao Master looked behind him, and his anger intensified. "Black Universe!"

The gigantic, golden-flamed figure spoke up. "Give it up."

"In your dreams!" Yuan Ao Master roared.

Hua!

The golden-flamed figure was dangerously near. When Luo Feng and the group of universe masters were still far behind, the golden-flamed figure was considered to have caught up with Yuan Ao Master.

"There is no escape for you!" The golden-flamed figure suddenly stretched out his palm, and this gigantic palm immediately swung about in the direction of the opponent before him.

Hong! Long!

The surroundings had completely collapsed and scattered. Only a gigantic black palm could be seen sweeping across the sky. This black palm was as high as a few million miles tall; there were faint traces of countless stars rotating right in the middle of the palm. It looked as though endless stars were within this gigantic palm, which had reached Yuan Ao Master's spot high up in the sky in a rapid move.

"Want to kill me?" roared Yuan Ao Master. "What makes you, Black Universe, think you are capable of killing me? Ah! Ah! Ah! Burn and die!"

Yuan Ao Master's voice was like resonating thunder as a gigantic whirlpool of flames appeared to surround his godly body. The bright, dazzling flames were all concentrating together to gather on that black godly wood. Therefore, the black godly wood suddenly expanded tremendously.

Hong!

Limitless power gathered on this black godly wood like a pillar to heaven. Then the black godly wood directly smashed at that gigantic black palm that was slamming down from above.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

A tremor ran through Yuan Ao Master's godly body. Suddenly, he plummeted down. Even his godly body suddenly trembled. Many cracks appeared, but his body underwent a speedy recovery.

"You are indeed a universe supreme being," said Yuan Ao Master. "With one strike, you have annihilated 3/1,000ths of my godly body!" Yuan Ao Master looked up and let out a crazy roar. "If there is only one of you, without the help of any other universe master, there will be no way you can stop me should I want to escape. If I had better armor… you wouldn't be able to hurt me at all."

The golden-flamed figure paid no heed. With another strike of his gigantic palm, he said, "And now, it is time for you to accept your death sentence."

The gigantic black palm that contained countless stars circulating within it started trampling on Yuan Ao Master all over again.

******

When Luo Feng and company saw what was happening in the distance, they flew over quickly.

"Huh? Nine Remoteness Master may be able to make him lose 1/1,000th of his godly body, but this Black Universe Creator can actually make him lose 3/1,000ths of his godly body?"

Luo Feng took a while to process and understand. Firstly, the power executed by a universe supreme being was only able to surpass the self-destruction attack method by Nine Remoteness Master by a finger's breadth. Secondly, the two attack methods were different.

It was just like the exchange of blows between Star River Master and Luo Feng, when Luo Feng had used Star Tower to ward off his attack. The attack power was first weakened by the defense mechanism of Star Tower before it was transmitted to the body.

The exchange of blows between Black Universe Creator and Yuan Ao Master was the same. Black Universe Creator's strike was on the strange object, which was the godly wood. Upon absorbing the blow, the godly wood would be weakened. Thus, the impact of his strike would be transmitted to Yuan Ao Master's entire body.

Nine Remoteness Master had a different self-destruction attack method. It was similar to Explosion of Universe!

Within an instant, power from all directions converged and took aim at Yuan Ao Master. Although Yuan Ao Master was using the black godly wood to absorb part of the explosive power, there was still the remaining power attacking him from all other directions. The godly wood was only able to block attacks from one direction; it could not ward off the impact from the endless power coming from any other directions. Yuan Ao Master would inevitably sustain heavy injuries.

"Nine Remoteness Master's injury level was 1/1,000th. Black Universe Creator's injury level was 3/1,000ths." Luo Feng nodded to himself. "No wonder he was so confident. If he had Force Armor, a top-quality pinnacle true treasure, his loss would be even smaller."

When they saw Black Universe Creator suppressing Yuan Ao Master from afar, the numerous great beings from various top powers—Milky River Horde Leader Luo Feng, Ice Mountain Master, Sea Lotus Master, Golden Horn Master, Xuan Mie Master, You Mo Master, Sky Wolf Master, Canthus Devil Master, You Nan Master, Flame Emperor—race in from all directions to surround them.

"Give it up, Yuan Ao."

"Yuan Ao Master, there is no way you can escape."

Universe masters from all directions looked over to the middle, where Yuan Ao Master was being trampled on.

Peng!

Yuan Ao Master was a sorry sight. With the black godly wood in his hand, he was flying in an inverted manner. Under the restraint of the vast light, even inverted flight was rapidly brought to a halt. He looked around, teeth clenched with extreme anger, his single eye was filled with insanity. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"I just obtained this strange object," he shouted. "If I had a little more time, I would have been able to exchange this for even better armor! Or exchange it for more precious materials to increase my life gene level… By then, even you, Black Universe Creator, would not have been able to injure me easily."

Luo Feng nodded to himself. True. Yuan Ao Master may have had a strange object that allowed him to attain an attack force that matched the level of Star River Master and Nine Remoteness Master, but his godly body's life gene level and defense armor were still a notch lower, so his defense level was obviously not on par.

"Even if you had better armor, you would still be unable to put up resistance." The golden-flamed figure advanced again. At the same time, he shouted out an order: "Ice Mountain, it's time to take out your true treasure! Ice Mountain!"

From afar, Ice Mountain Master shouted a command. Suddenly, a crystal palace appeared and rapidly expanded. In the blink of an eye, it had become a towering place that was 60 million miles tall. The entire palace was filled with sculptures of secret engravings and exuded an ancient, cold aura.

"Open!" Ice Mountain Master shouted.

Hua!

The doors of that ancient palace opened with a loud rumble, and behind those doors was pitch-black darkness. An immeasurably massive suction force was exerted on Yuan Ao Master in an instant. This was a pinnacle sealing type true treasure. Activated by Ice Mountain Master, its power was so strong that even Yuan An Master felt his godly body budging repeatedly under its influence.

"You think you can suppress and seal me in here?" said Yuan Ao Master.

His godly power was burning as he did all he could to resist. At the same time, he shouted and looking about frantically in all directions. At that moment, Yuan Ao Master resembled a lone wolf at its craziest… He had come to the moment of life or death.

"If you are not going in on your own, I will send you in," the golden-flamed figure said with a wave of his hand.

"Black Universe Creator!" Yuan Ao Master clenched his teeth with rage. As though with great reluctance, he shouted, "If you help me, I will give you this black godly wood."

Suddenly, Black Universe Creator stopped.

"Black Universe! Black Universe Creator!" Nine Remoteness Master and Golden Horn Master called out at the same time. They seemed to be very angry.

Black Universe Creator sighed. "Yuan Ao, even if I don't help you, I can still obtain that black godly wood at the expense of some of my true treasures. But if I were to help you… it would be equivalent to offending various powers of the primal universe."

"I—I…" Yuan Ao Master's single eye was filled with insanity as he scanned his surroundings. Through gritted teeth, he said, "I still have one treasure… A remnant diagram left behind by a universe supreme being called 'Xuan Yuan,' who was annihilated long ago—the Tilted Peak Sector Remnant Diagram!"

"What!"

"Xuan Yuan's legacy?"

"Tilted Peak Sector Remnant Diagram?

Every super being present was shocked, including Black Universe Creator. It was the same feeling for Luo Feng. He did not know Xuan Yuan, but he was dumbfounded by the description: "a universe supreme being called 'Xuan Yuan,' who was annihilated long ago…"