Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1155 That’s Mine

"Be careful."

"Pulling Traces Diagram!"

The universe masters who were fighting each other were all terrified by the self-destruction of Yuan Ao Master. A universe master a million kilometers tall had blown himself up, and the energies burst out instantly. The resulting shock wave was billions of times stronger than a supernova. It eradicated everything!

Peng! Peng! Peng!

The space fragments flying in the distance turned into particles. So did the space around him! As for the universe masters, they all tried to form a huge protection, either by using pinnacle domain type true treasures or burning their godly power.

"Defend!"

"We can't let that shock wave destroy the Pulling Traces Diagram!"

Everyone, including Black Universe Creator, manipulating the space, was trying to resist that shock wave. The center of the explosion was horrendous, and Black Universe Creator, who was fighting Yuan Ao Master, was affected the most. However, he had a supreme true treasure to protect him, so he only bounced away several kilometers without being injured. As for Ice Mountain Palace, which was close to Yuan Ao Master, it was also blasted away.

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

The power of the shock wave was already significantly weakened when the shock wave arrived at the universe masters, but the universe masters still felt pressured, as they needed to protect both themselves and the fragments of Pulling Traces Diagram.

Even with that defense, the shock wave turned the space into particles. As for the fragments of Pulling Traces Diagram, they were floating in space, and because of the shock wave, they flew in all directions.

After a while, the shock wave dissipated.

"We protected it."

"Humph! That Yuan Ao Master didn't want to make things difficult for us—even going so far as to commit suicide. If it weren't for so many universe masters being here, the Pulling Traces Diagram fragments would have been turned into ashes. Thank God."

The space 10 billion square kilometers around them had been turned to particles, and they flowed like sand. The particles—elements of space—started to gather.

******

Luo Feng was relieved after defending himself against that shock wave.

"Luo Feng, two huge fragments of the Pulling Traces Diagram are flying toward you!" A godly power transmitted a voice.

"Ah!"

Luo Feng noticed the two fragments of Pulling Traces Diagram instantly. He looked back and saw two fragments floating tens of millions of kilometers away from him, and the two fragments were significantly large. The smaller one was twice as big as the one he obtained, and the larger one was more than three times larger.

"It's mine." Luo Feng flew toward it like a beam of light.

"Not on my watch!" A roar was transmitted through godly power. "That's mine!"

Luo Feng took a glimpse. The giant black Sky Wolf was also flying toward it, roaring at several others who were trying to seize it.

"Humph! Sky Wolf, you want to compete with me for that?" Towering Flame Emperor, holding his giant Yan Shen Halberd, transmitted his voice. "My third brother, don't even think about getting this one!"

"Hahaha…! I haven't gotten any fragments yet," You Nan Master laughed.

"Then let's fight," said Luo Feng coldly. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

At that moment, Flame Emperor, Luo Feng, You Nan Master, and Sky Wolf Master were the closest to the fragment, and Flame Emperor and Luo Feng tried to compete for it. Other than them, Ice Mountain Master and You Mo Master were also approaching the fragments.

Apparently, the two fragments were close to each other, and since they were large, the universe masters would fight for those two.

"Let me help you, Luo Feng." Ice Mountain Master flew toward him like a trace of like.

"Sky Wolf, let's strive together." You Mo Master also flew toward them.

All was madness. The six universe masters were all staring at the fragments with eyes gleaming.

"No…!" Luo Feng felt intimidated. You Nan Master was incredibly fast—the fastest out of all of them. Luo Feng tried to suppress him using his Golden Country, but the black mist around You Nan Master blocked it. They were rather far from each other, so Nine Tiger River couldn't reach him.

"Uncle, do you have a domain type true treasure?" Luo Feng transmitted his voice instantly.

"I do!" answered Ice Mountain Master.

"Uncle, combine your domain type true treasure and my Golden Country," said Luo Feng. "Then we can resist them."

"Sure."

Hua! Hua!

The black mist permeated, and there were ice crystals in the mist surrounded by golden light. They tried to stop the other parties altogether. Under that power, the black mist of You Nan Master crumbled.

"Hahaha! Luo Feng, this wing true treasure of yours is indeed powerful," said Ice Mountain Master. "It has such a strong control over space. With my top-tier domain type true treasure 'Cold Fog Sector,' it can compare to a pinnacle domain type true treasure." Ice Mountain Master was excited, which was rare. "These two fragments belong to us humans!"

"Yes!" Luo Feng got excited.

"Damn it!" Flame Emperor roared. Under that double pressure of the black mist and the golden light, Flame Emperor was slowed down significantly! However, he could only clench his teeth and reluctantly admit defeat. He transmitted his exasperated voice: "Damn you, third brother!"

Hong! Long!

Flame Emperor flew in another direction. He didn't want to waste his time, as he knew he couldn't get the fragments. He needed to hurry and get other fragments.

"Hahaha! Milky Way Horde Leader, you're indeed impressive. It seems the two fragments will fall into your hands. I'll stop now." You Nan Master also found out that he was too slow to get that under the suppression. He transmitted his guffawing voice and left like a beam of light.

Two parties chose to leave. Only the demon race and human race were still competing.

"Human Luo Feng!" Sky Wolf Master stared at Luo Feng in the distance. "You were just a baby when I first met you, and now you're so powerful. Unfortunately, you humans are too na?ve compare to us demon race."

Hong!

Colorful threads showed up in the sky, and they extended everywhere. They hit the black mist, which was suppressed, and retreated instantly. Even with Golden Country, Cold Fog Sector kept drawing back under that power.

Ice Mountain Master was irritated. "Dream Ancestor Domain!"

"Dream Ancestor Domain!"

Dream Demon Ancestor was one of the two universe supreme masters of the demon race, and the true treasure she used was naturally famous. She had several true treasures that were well-known in the universe—at least—and the pinnacle domain type true treasure "Dream Ancestor Domain" was one of them.

"They have Dream Ancestor Domain." Luo Feng grew anxious. "It's a bit trickier, now."

The combination of Golden Country and Cold Fog Sector may have been able to rival a pinnacle domain type true treasure, but it was still inferior to Dream Ancestor Domain.

I don't have enough godly power. If I become a universe master, my godly power will be able to make Golden Country stronger, and with Ice Fog Sector, it'll be able to rival that Dream Ancestor Domain.

Luo Feng felt bad, but he couldn't do anything about it.

Ice Mountain Master transmitted his voice. "We still have hope."

However…

Hua! Hua! Hua!

The hideous You Mo Master screamed, and black vines shot out of his body. Instantly, 81 black vines covered the sky for tens of millions of square kilometers, and they charged Luo Feng.

"Devil Islet Vine!" Luo Feng looked ghastly.

"It's Devil Islet Vine!" Ice Mountain Master was also furious.

Devil Islet Vine was another one of the well-known true treasures of Dream Demon Ancestor, and it was a pinnacle attack type true treasure on the spiritual force leader path! Pinnacle true treasures should be the least valuable out of all the pinnacle true treasures, yet there were huge gaps among the pinnacle true treasure weapons. Force Armor, for instance, was one of the best pinnacle true treasure armors! As for those inferior ones, they were only able to weaken the attack to 1/10,000th.

The same rule applied to Devil Islet Vine. It was extremely valuable. The vines could be combined as one and could be used as a splash. They could be separated to bind the enemies. Although they could be cut into parts, those parts could merge as one immediately.

"Haha! The major powers in the universe sent universe masters, but the universe masters sent by the demon race are the weakest." Sky Wolf Master transmitted his voice and sounded insolent. "Haha! The demon race is the strongest among the six pinnacle races. How is it possible that it sent the weakest universe masters? We're just here show that we're weak, and we'll only show our trump card when it's crucial. Dream Demon Ancestor gave us 'Dream Ancestor Domain' and 'Devil Islet Vine,' and they're extraordinary in terms of fighting and fleeing! Hahaha, you didn't know our trump cards in the first place, so you relaxed. You weren't vigilant, and that's how we can now take advantage! If you knew our trump cards in advance and resisted us, wouldn't have been able to do that. These two fragments are worthy of our trump cards!"

Sky Wolf Master was smug as the 81 black vines waved through space.

Luo Feng immediately appeared, and so did Ice Mountain Master.

"Damn it." Luo Feng clenched his teeth.

Ice Mountain Master looked irritated as well. They both understood that they had been played by the demon race!