Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1158 Universe Ocean

The virtual universe, at the apex of Thunder Island.

Luo Feng and Ice Mountain Master walked through the hallway side by side, looking pleased. Although the fight on the original star had made him famous—and even made him a universe master—Luo Feng knew that he was still only one of the weakest universe masters. The real reason he had killed all those universe knights was that he'd wanted to regain ownership of Earth and give it back to the earthlings!

The earth was back now. The earthlings had become a bloodline in the universe just like Manka clan, the earthlings had also become a royal bloodline.

Luo Feng knew that he was still weak! He was still at a disadvantage with his Force Armor and Star Tower in front of Star River Master! Without that Star Tower, he was indeed one of the weakest. Fortunately…

Fortunately, I went to the original secret region and found another path, thought Luo Feng. Shi Wu Wings are very special and can control space and time! And I was lucky enough to get a top-tier domain type true treasure: Flame Sand Cup. Miniature Universe, Shi Wu Wings, and Flame Sand Cup… The combination of those three can definitely outpower a pinnacle domain type true treasure and rival the best pinnacle domain type true treasures! Perhaps only supreme true treasures would be able to suppress it. Under that move, my enemies' power will be at least one level weaker.

Usually, the combination of Golden Country and Flame Domain can barely rival a pinnacle domain type true treasure. At crucial times, I can use Miniature Universe, but 10 percent of my godly body will be consumed.

When Luo Feng was still undying, it took 10 percent of his godly body, but now, Luo Feng could spend only 1 percent or even just 0.1 percent of his godly body to perform it, although the power would be significantly weaker.

Sadly, I only have one supreme technique, and it's an aiding technique like Miniature Universe, Luo Feng thought. If only I had an attack type supreme technique.

Beings like Star River Master and Ice Mountain Master all had attack type supreme techniques.

I was one of the weakest before, but luckily, I had Force Armor to protect myself. Now, I can at least suppress Sky Wolf Master.

Luo Feng looked to the being sitting in the distance. He stopped thinking and walked toward him. "Teacher."

"Brother!" yelled Ice Mountain Master.

"Sit," said Primal Chaos City Leader as he poured grape wine for Luo Feng and Ice Mountain Master.

Luo Feng and Ice Mountain Master sat down.

"I can tell that you've gained a lot." Primal Chaos City Leader smiled. "Good job, you two. Luo Feng, tell me everything that happened."

"Sure." Luo Feng nodded.

Ice Mountain Master was aloof. He had gained quite a few fragments of the Pulling Traces Diagram during the fight in Yuan Ao Secret Region, and he'd been helped by Luo Feng, so he was exceptionally nice to Luo Feng.

"I followed the orders of Double-Face Ancestral Cod…" Luo Feng said and began to share the details.

Luo Feng knew the circumstances better than any other great being. After all, they had all joined after Luo Feng. Ice Mountain listened carefully. Luo Feng finished after a short while.

"Two fragments of the Pulling Traces Diagram. Five…" Primal Chaos City Leader looked to Ice Mountain Master.

"Luo Feng's so humble," said Ice Mountain Master. "If it weren't for his Golden Country, I wouldn't have gotten so many against all those universe masters. That Golden Country. It can control space and time, and it's even more powerful than a universe master's control over space and time… With my Cold Fog Sector, it can rival a pinnacle domain type true treasure."

"Golden Country?" Primal Chaos City Leader was thrilled. "What Golden Country? Luo Feng, when did you gain a true treasure to control space and time?"

"Hahaha… Brother, you're his teacher. Even you don't know?" Ice Mountain Master smiled, as he rarely saw his brother surprised

"I really don't know." Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng.

"It's Shi Wu Wings," answered Luo Feng.

"Shi Wu Wings?" Primal Chaos City Leader was awestruck.

Luo Feng nodded. "Yes. Shi Wu Wings. I got another true treasure wing on the original star by accident, and that pair of wings merged with the Shi Wu Wings. Together, they formed the wings I have now."

"Merged? It was a broken true treasure?" Primal Chaos City Leader was shocked.

"A broken true treasure?" Ice Mountain Master was surprised, too.

"No wonder, no wonder," said Primal Chao City Leader. "I got the Shi Wu Wings in Universe Ocean, and I felt that the material was special, but I couldn't tell that it was broken from the outside. I just thought it was a wing true treasure made of special a material. It's a component. Usually, the power will be affected if it's only a component, but the Shi Wu Wings are perfect. It seems that true treasure is incredible."

Luo Feng nodded.

"How's its power?" asked Primal Chaos City Leader.

"Shi Wu Wings can control space and time," said Luo Feng. "Better than universe masters but weaker than universe supreme masters. It must be a top-tier true treasure."

"A top-tier true treasure!" Primal Chaos City Leader exclaimed. "It can control space and time, and it's special. It must be more precious than ordinary top-tier domain type true treasures. Is the four-winged true treasure complete?"

"I don't think so," said Luo Feng.

He had a different status now, so he didn't need to hide even if he had a pinnacle domain type true treasure. Besides, the Shi Wu Wings had been given to him by his teacher, so Primal Chaos City Leader would know if he got the third component. It would be best not to hide from him.

"It's not?" Primal Chaos City Leader was surprised.

So was Ice Mountain Master. "It's not?" he said.

"Haha…" Primal Chaos City Leader smiled. "It must be a top-tier pinnacle true treasure, and it's special as well."

Luo Feng couldn't help asking, "Could it be a component of a supreme true treasure?"

"Haha, a component?" Primal Chaos City Leader couldn't help laughing. "Luo Feng, all the supreme true treasures are perfect, and they're indestructible. Even in the Lands of Extremis, they can't be destroyed, which is why supreme true treasures are always born in one piece. Only owners of supreme true treasures can take parts of supreme true treasures. To break one? No one is able to do that."

Luo Feng nodded. Supreme true treasures like Star Tower… Only Star Tower and seal stars could be taken out. As for breaking it, it was impossible.

"Brother," said Ice Mountain Master. "Your disciple didn't just help with the fragments. He also suppressed Sky Wolf Master—who was using Dream Ancestor Domain—and got the Flame Sand Cup."

"Flame Sand Cup?" Primal Chaos City Leader's eyes gleamed.

"By luck," said Luo Feng.

Primal Chaos City Leader gazed at Luo Feng, looking confused. "Not by luck." He shook his head. "Luo Feng, I know that your godly power is weaker than other universe masters and significantly weaker than Star River Master and me. However, if you're able to suppress Sky Wolf Master and get the Flame Sand Cup… We wanted to protect you and only send you to Universe Ocean after you became a universe master. But now, you can go."

Luo Feng was dazed. Universe Ocean?

"Brother?" Ice Mountain Master said, frowning.

Primal Chaos City Leader shook his head at Ice Mountain Master and looked at Luo Feng. "Universe Ocean is extremely dangerous, but some top-tier universe overlords will go there. You can go, but when you become a universe master, you'll be another pillar of the human race. We planned for you to go to Universe Ocean after you became a universe master, but you're stronger than we thought. You can go to Universe Ocean now.

"Comparatively, the original universe is only a cradle! A cradle that breeds and nurtures us. It's safe. Universe Ocean is the real war zone. Many supreme beings before the great incarnation—and even universe supreme masters—are in Universe Ocean." He stared at Luo Feng. "It's more dangerous, especially the Lands of Extremis. Even universe supreme masters can die there."

Luo Feng held his breath.

"That's where the great beings gather," continued Primal Chaos City Leader. "Many true treasures and valuables are born in Universe Ocean. It takes an eternity for original stars to open, and the most precious one is a pinnacle domain type true treasure. As for the depths of the Lands of Extremis, there are many supreme true treasures and countless pinnacle true treasures… Of course, don't even go to the internal area, let alone the depths. You can only adventure in the outer area. You'll be sharpened there. The great beings before the great incarnation are all older than those in the original universe! Those ancient great beings are almighty, and fighting them can give you more inspiration so that you can improve faster." Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Luo Feng nodded.

The great incarnation. When the original universe was born, transformed, operated, got weak, and died… this was an incarnation. Everything in the original universe would be annihilated after one incarnation. After the original universe bred new races, it would be another incarnation. As for the great beings before the great incarnation, some of them were able to survive the great incarnation.

"Go back and prepare," said Primal Chaos City Leader. "Send me all the information on the fragments of the Pulling Traces Diagram. I'll send them to Huge Axe Founder. He and the virtual universe will determine how many contribution points you can get."

Luo Feng nodded. He had made great contributions this time, but Primal Chaos City Leader didn't have the authority to determine that.

"Brother, Luo Feng made the greater contribution this time," said Ice Mountain Master. "Without him, we wouldn't even know about the Yuan Ao Secret Region. I gained the five fragments with the help of Luo Feng."

"If it weren't for the power of Uncle, I would be useless," said Luo Feng.

"Relax. Our race will treat contributors fairly." Primal Chaos City Leader smiled. "Luo Feng, make some preparations. Universe Ocean is not a cradle like the original universe."

"Yes." Luo Feng answered.

"Universe Ocean!" Luo Feng whispered. He was looked forward to it.

******

Universe Ocean was boundless. No universe supreme masters were able to find the end of it. There was chaos airflow in Universe Ocean, and the original universe was known to be the largest celestial body there! It was unbelievably large.

Aside from the original universe, there were some other small universes. These small universes were less than one-billionth the size of the original universe. It was like an ocean compared to a drop of water!

There was a small universe 10 billion light years away from the original universe. Inside the small universe…

"Hahaha… The plan was made!" a towering iron being said. He had a pair of eyes that were on fire—eyes more terrific than billions of stars combined. "The na?ve beings in the original universe didn't suspect anything, but they tried to get the valuables. I gave up that soul slave Yuan Ao Master. I didn't want to, but he didn't make it. And Hao Lei threw the strange object, the godly wood. But it's all worth it."

The power trembled the ground.

"Don't celebrate now," a crawling, mountainous being covered with brown rocks growled. "It's just the start. We need to wait for the harvest."

"Yes."

A lightning giant phantom was in the sky. There were lightning balls in the chest, each of which was like a star. "This era is our last chance," he said. "If we can't seize it, we'll die, and so will our race."

Silence.

The three great beings remained silent for a long time.

"We've set our plan, and we're fully prepared," said the lightning giant. "We sacrificed a lot, and we must succeed. For eternity, for race, we must succeed."

"For eternity, for race," said the crawling, mountainous being.

"For eternity, for race," said the iron being.

The voices rang with absolute determination.