Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1182: The Black-Striped Stone Pillar

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

In the vast Universe Ocean, endless chaotic airflow filled the atmosphere.

Shua! Shua! Shua!

A black-haired man with silver wings left scattered streaks of shadows as he teleported repeatedly across vast distances within the Universe Ocean… This was Luo Feng, who was just leaving the primal universe and making his way toward Universe Boat all by himself.

This was different from the first time he went to Tilted Peak Sector. Although it took only slightly more than 1,000 years, after absorbing a large amount of energy from the origin during the time spent in the space of the wings, the once heavily damaged Shi Wu Wings were able to restore their original form to become almost perfect again. Once the hazy golden light spread to fill the surroundings, the force was so powerful that even Luo Feng was breathless with wonder. Sometimes, an unknown occurrence could bring a bigger surprise than all the other known ones combined!

Other great beings could be strong in attack, defense, godly body, techniques, and much more…

For him, regardless of how many flaws or how lacking he was, merely by relying on the combination of the perfect Shi Wu Wings, Flame Sand Cup, and Miniature Universe, he could at least wipe out all the other pinnacle domain true treasures! He could fight if he wanted to or leave if he needed to; he was in total control of what would be done.

“I’m so looking forward to it. I will make use of this journey to hone my willpower to the level of a universe supreme master. Then I will go back to Tilted Peak Sector and claim that pair of white wings.”

Luo Feng was filled with anticipation. On the one hand, he allowed his mind to run wild with its thoughts. On the other hand, he maintained a high frequency of long-distance teleportation.

Hua.

Suddenly, he stopped.

“A natural wormhole.”

Luo Feng looked far into the distance at the gigantic, distorted space whirlpool. He revealed a trace of a smile. It had been a pretty dull journey rushing about Universe Ocean. There were chaotic airflows everywhere. At times, he would make a single teleportation that would last over a span of one to two days; other times, he would maintain a high or almost maximum frequency of repeated teleportation. Everywhere he passed, there was no direction to speak of. The only constant was that chaotic airflow… 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Indeed, how dull it was. So when he saw that natural wormhole, it was like seeing a ray of hope amidst helplessness.

“My trip to Universe Boat this time will probably take a long, long time,” Luo Feng commented lightly.

Prior to setting off, he had looked up a large quantity of information on Universe Boat so that he would be clear on where he should go to hone his willpower. The Universe Boat was massive, and its internal domain was fraught with dangers with many places where he would never dare to teleport. The destination he had set his sights on was none other than the land for honing willpower.

Universe Boat, one of the three most dangerous lands, was fraught with danger. Based on ready information found within the human race’s databank, there were quite a few lands for honing willpower within the internal domain, and every single one had a different environment. Within one of these environments, the “Black-Striped Stone Pillar” could be found—or, according to what Luo Feng and the humans called it, the “Celestial Magic Pillar.” It was one of the countless strange objects found within Universe Boat.

There was a total of 16 Celestial Magic Pillars (black-striped stone pillars)! These 16 Celestial Magic Pillars all stood at a towering height of more than 1,000 light years and were all extremely powerful. No attack was strong enough to cause damage or take them away. They were the supporting pillars of a certain strange space. Within that strange space were numerous gigantic secret chambers. Within each secret chamber, there was an isolated space, and each one had a corresponding black token. Anyone who wanted to enter the isolated space of this secret chamber would have to possess the corresponding black token.

What Jie Fanzi had left behind was a green token that was of a higher grade. Similarly, the green token corresponded to one of the secret chambers with an isolated space that was even deeper within the internal domain. It was so deep that it could be the end of the internal domain, where the edge of the core region was. Even universe supreme masters were extremely cautious when they were located there. Great beings like Primal Chaos City Leader would not even dare venture so far in…

The Celestial Magic Pillars were located in a space that was not so deep in. Thus, the difficulty level was much lower, so great beings like Primal Chaos City Leader, Star River Master, Ice Mountain Master, and An Yong Master would at least dare to take a shot at entering the region. Spending a couple hundred or 1,000 years within the internal domain ought to have been more than enough to reach the space with the Celestial Magic Pillars.

These Celestial Magic Pillars were magical and exerted the impact of endless willpower. The closer they were, the more intimidating the impact of their willpower could get. And the closer to these Celestial Magic Pillars, the faster the time velocity was! Time velocity could reach a ratio of 100 to 1. Or even 1000 to 1.

This time velocity was the reason why Luo Feng decided to head to this space with the Celestial Magic Pillars! After all, just by venturing deeper and deeper into the internal region to arrive at a land for honing willpower was a long process that could take a couple hundred or 1,000 years. The process of traveling back and forth would take an extremely long time.

One also had to consider the time spent on attaining the willpower of a universe supreme master… If going to the space with the Celestial Magic Pillars was more time-saving, then naturally, it would be Luo Feng’s first choice.

“The largest hidden treasure within Original Star was within the Disambiguation Temple; so within the Disambiguation Temple, there must be various components of a pinnacle domain type true treasure.”

Luo Feng had to make a choice. He had already obtained one Disambiguation Mirror Stone, so he was qualified to enter the temple. Yet he might not be able to make it on time. After all, once all 36 Disambiguation Mirror Stones had been born, Disambiguation Temple would open. Those with the Disambiguation Mirror Stones would be granted entry.

Suppose the Disambiguation Temple opened, but he was over at where the Celestial Magic Pillars were. By the time he made it back, a couple hundred or 1,000 years would have passed. Then the fight for treasures at the Disambiguation Temple would have ended!

“The Disambiguation Mirror Stones. I have left them in God Country. Should Disambiguation Temple open, I would be able to rush back within the shortest time possible—that is, if I made the trip personally. Otherwise, I could hand the stones over to Teacher and company. Then at least the Disambiguation Mirror Stones will not go to waste.”

Luo Feng valued this Disambiguation Mirror Stones, but upon consideration, he valued the pair of damaged white wings more than he did the stones.

Hua!

Luo Feng transformed into a beam of light, flew into the natural wormhole, and soon, was transmitted an extremely far distance away.

******

Time passed.

After using up almost 12 days within the vast Universe Ocean, Luo Feng finally arrived at one of the three most dangerous lands, Universe Boat.

“That, ahead of us, is Universe Boat.”

Luo Feng continued to teleport repeatedly for a few minutes.

Suddenly, the scenery before him changed. Chaotic airflow suddenly thinned out substantially. From afar, a more astounding scene unfolded.

“This, this…”

Luo Feng stood in void space as he looked at the unbelievable scene billions of light years away. Even though he had witnessed this scene before when he was going through the information he’d found, this was the first time he had laid eyes on the true Universe Boat, and he felt an overwhelming shock.

The immeasurable towering Universe Boat… was a damaged, incomparably gigantic naval vessel. It was as tall as several tens of millions of light years, and as long as billions of light years. It was a complex mix of deep black and bewildering purple, and its body… even from a couple billion light years away, Luo Feng could see the dense spots of damaged areas that were full of cracks and holes.

It was like a naval vessel that had been shot by a barrage of lasers, then hacked by many gigantic blades… It was utterly damaged!

Hong! Long! Long!

An overpowering gravitational force was released from within the Universe Boat, swallowing the surrounding chaotic airflow in a frantic manner, causing the chaotic airflow in its surroundings to always be maintained at a thinned condition.

Upon swallowing the chaotic airflow, the entire Universe Boat was able to maintain a constant release of its endless power. A circular, gigantic river of flames surrounded the Universe Boat while the vast Cold Sea enshrouded it with cold air. Amidst the cold air, one could vaguely see glittering and translucent icebergs that resembled mirrors… At the same time, a huge wind whirlpool was raging in the surroundings.

Pi! Pa!

A gigantic electric snake that was several tens of thousands light years long was raging and roaring. Streaks of resplendent light rays of various colors dazzled Luo Feng. Huge, lush green vines climbed and twined around the surface of the vessel, appearing to be so quiet.

Flames, cold air, wind, electricity, vines, rays…

In the outermost boundary, a large number of broken segments were constantly circulating the bulk of Universe Boat while flying at high speed; these were likely segments that had broken off the body of Universe Boat, and they were constantly flying around at high speeds.

Luo Feng did not find all these most shocking at all. What shocked him most was that at the lower region of the Universe Boat, there was a thick chaotic air mass. He could see a faint array of colorful electric lights flashing; there were colors like gold, red, blue, and green. And within that chaotic airflow, there was a huge, damaged miniature universe!

A miniature universe!

“Swallowed a miniature universe… it has actually swallowed a miniature universe.” Luo Feng was truly taken aback. “The top half of the miniature universe is gone. Could it be because it was partially swallowed?”

The miniature universe by itself was as long as billions of light years. It was damaged, but it still had a diameter of billions of light years. If its height was taken into consideration, the size of the miniature universe would have been even bigger.

I really wonder what the background of the Universe Boat is. Luo Feng could not help the thoughts that were thronging his mind. Directly swallowing the chaotic airflow is not something that just any great being would be capable of. Only a miniature universe would be able to absorb and transform this chaotic airflow into energy of universe laws. However—not only can Universe Boat constantly swallow the chaotic airflow, but it can even swallow the whole miniature universe. And it can transform everything it has absorbed into gold, wood, water, fire, earth, wind, thunder and lightning, light rays, time, space, and various kinds of energy. Within the Universe Boat, not only are there secret chambers that contain isolated spaces aplenty, but there are also quite a handful of places with strange time velocity.

To be able to achieve all of the above, it is practically comparable to the universe laws of a miniature universe. This Universe Boat. How was it made in the first place? And how did it get so severely damaged?

“It’s just that, according to the legends of the three most dangerous lands… we have already lost count of the number of reincarnation eras that have passed,” Luo Feng said to himself.

Countless great beings often discovered items left behind by some universe supreme masters known from history. They often discovered some information, yet regardless of which reincarnation era these were from, all seemed to involve records of the three most dangerous lands. The eternal nature of the three most dangerous lands was comparable to the endless generations of reincarnations of the primal universe. No one knew how the three most dangerous lands had been born.

Luo Feng was quite appalled when he actually saw Universe Boat with his own eyes; he had spent quite some time teleporting before he finally arrived at the region of the Universe Boat where a great number of broken segments were flying at high speeds. There were countless broken segments. The small ones were as big as tens of billions of kilometers, and the big ones were as big as a couple hundreds of light years.

Sou!

Luo Feng teleported himself to land on a piece of a broken segment of the Universe Boat. This segment’s largest diameter was around 0.6 light years. Other than some patterns that were purple, the rest of it was all a deep black color, resulting in the entire broken segment exuding an oppressive force that made Luo Feng’s heart tremble… And this broken segment shared a vague connection to the Universe Boat that was quite a distance away.

Since time immemorial, countless great beings had tried, but none had been able to take away a single piece of Universe Boat’s broken segments. Even if they were to attack a Universe Boat broken segment at full force, they would still not be able to throw the broken segment into chaos. It was as though an invisible rope tied the broken segment and Universe Boat together.

“I have arrived on Universe Boat,” Luo Feng said to himself. “I shall head over to the gathering place of my fellow human race first.”

With that, a human figure could be seen flashing about in the void space.

After spending about five minutes, Luo Feng teleported and appeared on a fast-flying, distorted piece of Universe Boat broken segment. This was the gathering place for humans from the primal universe.

On the three most dangerous lands—be it Tilted Peak Sector, Universe Boat, or Flowing Countless Mountains—the human race would always designate a gathering place. As the exploration process required constant vigilance and caution, if one felt tired after spending a long time exploring dangerous lands, they could return to these designated gathering places to rest.