Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1209: Swallow Hawk Master

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Among the top-tier great beings, the difference in godly powers was highly insignificant. They were more particular about which true treasures were suitable for them and which secret techniques were more powerful!

Except for Luo Feng. In terms of true treasures and secret techniques, he did not lose out to these top-tier universe masters, but he was one notch weaker in terms of godly power. Therefore the power he could unleash dropped by one level.

“I know you have your own plans, having just lost your wings true treasure yet gaining another valuable armor that is secondary only to a supreme true treasure. You are merely a universe knight, but when it comes to studying diagrams of secret engravings, you have achieved the level of a universe master.” Primal Chaos City Leader laughed while shaking his head. Then he entrusted Luo Feng with instruction. “I will not stand in your way, but you must maintain your vigilance at all times. If you meet with dangers you are unable to handle alone, inform me or inform Huge Axe.”

“Understood.” Luo Feng nodded.

To Huge Axe and Primal Chaos City Leader, he was indeed a unique individual. Treasures emerging in an endless stream? Powers improving mysteriously?

Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng, with a trace of hope in his eyes. “Given the rate at which you are improving now, to truly become a universe master, you just need to hone your skills a little bit more. Then you will be my equivalent.”

Since Luo Feng’s outburst in the Wave of Stars Ocean battle hundreds of years before—the battle that shocked him and Huge Axe—Primal Chaos City Leader had personally approached Luo Feng for a friendly exchange of skills, as well as to have a proper conversation. Thereafter, Huge Axe had brought Luo Feng to see Teacher Origin, who had also had a discussion with Luo Feng. Teacher Origin might have been kept under suppression for eternity, but he was still able to execute Virtual Universe, a powerful secret technique, so naturally, he would be able to interact and communicate with Primal Chaos City Leader and Huge Axe…

The results of that conversation led Teacher Origin and Huge Axe to determine that… before the rise of Luo Feng, Primal Chaos City Leader had been the next promising individual hopeful of becoming a universe supreme master. Following in his stead would be Darkness Master and Peng Gong Master.

But now, the possible order of promising candidates for universe supreme master might have changed to Primal Chaos City Leader, Luo Feng, Peng Gong Master, followed by Darkness Master!

The two great life forms, Teacher Origin and Huge Axe, were highly in favor of Luo Feng.

Since then… this would naturally make Primal Chaos City Leader pay more attention to this disciple. If both Teacher and disciple became universe supreme masters, they would become a highly talked about celebrity pair in Universe Ocean. Furthermore, Teacher Origin was Primal Chaos City Leader’s teacher, and Primal Chaos City Leader was Luo Feng’s teacher. Wouldn’t that be three generations of universe supreme masters coming from the same branch? Think of how greatly Primal Chaos City Leader would look forward to seeing this happen.

With high hopes, Primal Chaos City Leader said with a smile, “Besides, given your comprehension of the universe revolution, when you have become a universe master, you will not have to wait long before you try to become a universe supreme master. But with regards to this, I have no suggestions. After all, the path of every universe supreme master is different. Even I am still searching for mine.”

Luo Feng was truly awe-inspired.

Yes. It would not be difficult for him to become a universe master because he was leading in terms of achievements of secret techniques, and his path of law comprehension was smooth-sailing. In addition, he had already comprehended the Heart of Beast God, so in the future, succeeding at the beast god path would be a breeze! However, if he wanted to become a universe supreme master, that would be much more difficult… because every universe supreme master had to follow a different path.

Studies of diagrams of secret engravings, studies of beast gods and such—all had predecessors. Therefore, he had to give up on all these. So long as there were predecessors, he had to abandon those paths. That said, his path would become very narrow.

“Haha, too far away.” Primal Chaos City Leader finished with a laugh. “You still have quite a long way to go. I think it is better for you to put your heart into cultivating to become a universe master for now.”

“Understood.” Luo Feng replied.

“If there is trouble or danger, remember to tell me or tell Huge Axe! Now, you not only belong to your Earth branch or to yourself; you also belong to us—the human race!” Primal Chaos City Leader jokingly added, “Go ahead, I am not worried about you going over to the black-striped stone pillar. That is the territory of the three old fellows.”

“Yes, I understand. I will take my leave now.”

Luo Feng retreated immediately, his figure disappearing into the shadows.

******

The space of the black-striped stone pillars was one of the few major domains within the Universe Boat that was free of danger. Dangers due to great beings fighting one another were not counted, as places with great beings would always be grounds for resentment and feuds. The entire space was supported by 16 black-striped stone pillars that were all 1,000 light years tall; other than the frozen space near the black-striped stone pillars that disallowed teleportation, there would be no trouble teleporting within the other regions in that entire space.

And…

The black-striped stone pillars were natural monuments! These 13, 1,000-light-year stone pillars all have extremely profound black secret engravings etched onto them. The level of their secret engravings was very high… and they contained resentments and feuds that even universe supreme masters could not comprehend. However, it was just like the powerful lost knowledge of that ancient being that Luo Feng found in that hidden secret space. If there were no step-by-step instructions to follow and no gradual increase in difficulty level to aid in comprehending those secret engravings, then the diagrams of black secret engravings found all over those stone pillars would be incomprehensible!

Every black-striped stone pillar was extremely powerful—more powerful than any supreme true treasure. Its length of 1,000 light years made this apparent. Up until now, there was no great being who could touch a black-striped stone pillar with their bare hands; the closer one got to a black-striped stone pillar, the more terrifying the impact it had on one’s willpower. Even a universe supreme master was unable to stand before a black-striped stone pillar.

Regardless, this was a natural, ancient monument that was easily found. The level of secret engravings was extraordinarily high and distributed all over the 1,000-light-year stone pillar, and there were as many as 16 such pillars. Naturally, it would attract hibernating old fellows to entrench themselves here.

There was safety, an allowance for teleportation, fast time velocity, and monuments around… Various factors made this a good resting and cultivation place for great beings who were tired from roaming the depths of Universe Boat.

******

There was fog spreading out, and there seemed no end to it.

In his silver armor, Luo Feng teleported twice over short distances. The fog was thinning, as the space of the black-striped stone pillars was from a highest to a lowest point, where the boundary of the surroundings was filled with thick fog. But the surroundings of the middle area where the 16 black-striped stone pillars were dispersed at random did not hold a trace of fog.

There was another saying: The boundary between areas that allowed and disallowed teleportation was where fog would be so thin that it might seem negligible.

Xiu!

A stream of silver, rainbowlike light flashed across the void space.

“Haha! After traveling for the past 620 years, I finally arrived at this space of the black-striped stone pillars.” Luo Feng had transformed himself in a stream of rainbow light and was full of smiles, happy and carefree. “However, my two teachers, Sitting Mountain Guest and Primal Chaos City Leader, were right. Battles are indeed the best when it comes to honing skills. Since I entered Universe Boat, I have been wandering about, gaining experiences from a large number of dangerous lands, getting involved in several life-and-death battles, and I finally achieved a breakthrough in my battle at the Wave of Stars Ocean.”

Although he was not a universe master, when it came to studying diagrams of secret engravings, he had an achievement at the level of a universe master! After his battle in the Wave of Stars Ocean, he had spent time creating a series of strongest secret techniques of universe masters. This was comparable to the strongest secret technique of a miniature universe and was an attack secret technique. Most importantly, it was something he created himself and was evidence of his capability.

Earlier on, when he advanced with the identity of Cracking Gold Master, he had created this set of strongest secret techniques and named it after his identity: “Cracking Gold’.

Cracking Gold was a secret technique he created with his own hands. However, his strongest move was the triple levels of secret engravings on the right arm of Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor. He had specially named it Extermination God.

“Huh?” Luo Feng turned his head to look off into the distance.

Although he was transformed into a stream of silver, rainbowlike light while flying at high speed, he was also unleashing Snow Fire Sector. Snow Fire Sector was one of the true treasures he had obtained during his current venture in Universe Boat. It was a top-tier domain type true treasure! It was the cause of that battle in Wave of the Stars Ocean, where several great beings fought one another to vie for its ownership.

“I have actually run into someone from the Hong Alliance.” Luo Feng laughed.

“Milky Way Horde Leader!”

A stream of deep green rainbowlike light flew over. It was quite fast, but Luo Feng could still clearly make out the face of the other party with his naked eye. It was Swallow Hawk Master, a universe master of a different race from the Hong Alliance. Swallow Hawk Master held a relatively high position within the Hong Alliance because he was extremely powerful, and he belonged to the same level as Ice Mountain Master. Usually, he would be roaming the internal domain of the three most dangerous lands with various means that he carried along with him. He was remarkably skilled at keeping himself alive, and also, it was extremely difficult to provoke him.

“I heard that Milky Way Horde Leader has gotten a new domain true treasure that enshrouds you with endless blue flames. The moment I discovered a sight like this from the domain I was previously in, I suspected that it was you, Milky Way Horde Leader, so I rushed over here. With one look, I have proven to myself that I was right. Haha! Fancy running into a fellow member from our Hong Alliance in the internal domain of Universe Boat. What a delight!”

Deep green all over, the bird-being stretched and spread out its wings. The top of its head sported golden feathers, and it communicated with the direct use of the human common language via voice transmission. Within the Hong Alliance, it used more of the human common language for conversations.

“Being able to meet Swallow Hawk Master, this is indeed something delightful,” Luo Feng exclaimed with joy. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“I heard about what happened to you, Milky Way Horde Leader,” said Swallow Hawk Master. “The other bodies of Ultimate Arrow Master and Five Chaos Master were annihilated, one after the other. Later, you moved about as Cracking Gold Master… All this while, you have been continually pushing yourself for improvement. I’m afraid I am no longer your match.”

Luo Feng smiled. What the other party was saying was true. Besides, this was a super great practically licking his boots. Of course, he found it pleasurable.

“Swallow Hawk Master, you are too modest!” Luo Feng laughed.

“May I ask, why has Milky Way horde leader come to this space of the black-striped stone pillars?”

Swallow Hawk Master was beside Luo Feng, and the two transformed into streams of rainbowlike lights. Using their godly powers as a medium, they conversed with one another.

“I am here to borrow the strength of the black-striped stone pillars to sharpen and hone my willpower,” Luo Feng replied right away.

“Oh?” Swallow Hawk Master was surprised. “Sharpen and hone your willpower? From the three reincarnation eras of Universe Ocean and Two Holy Land universes, not many have specially chosen this place to sharpen and hone their willpower. Most of them are here just for a temporary break, or to comprehend the secret engravings on the black-striped stone pillars. I have been here for quite some time. There are certain things I think I should tell you first, Milky Way Horde Leader.”

“Swallow Hawk Master, please speak your mind,” Luo Feng said.

“The space of the black-striped stone pillars is very safe, and there are ancient monuments with secret engravings which are very profound,” Swallow Hawk Master said. “That’s why there’s always a group of great beings entrenched here. Especially the three beings who are the strongest among them all. The three existences are all universe supreme masters! One is a lone wanderer, and the others belonged to different races; they are Bei Chi Star Master from the first reincarnation era, Blood Orchid Ancestor, and Rampaging Devil God from the second reincarnation era.”

“This I know.” Luo Feng nodded.

“I want to tell you about the temperaments of these three,” Swallow Hawk Master began. “Bei Chi Star Master has a remarkably good character. So long as you treat him with respect, nothing will go wrong. But Blood Orchid Ancestor is a plant life-form… It is spread all over the place. You must stay as far as one million kilometers away from it. Otherwise, you may be in danger of annihilation. These two are still all right—one of a good temperament, the other being extremely evil—and are easy to deal with. The most troublesome one will be Rampaging Devil Master.”

Luo Feng nodded. He had also heard things about Rampaging Devil Master, including that it was very dangerous and difficult to deal with. But the space of the black-striped stone pillars was the territory of these three old fellows, so he must be vigilant and be certain not to offend any of them.