Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1212: Transmission

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

At this moment, Luo Feng’s silver armor transformed into something hideous; there were bulges in its shoulders, and blades were protruding out of his elbows. Each of his hands became five blades; his entire being had become a Blade Beast God.

Peng! Peng!

Clear Eye Master used both hands to ward off the attacks, causing the rocky earth below to vibrate so violently that there were cracks spreading in all directions.

“Clear Eye, your soul attack is impressive, but your material attack techniques are a notch lower!”

Luo Feng’s entire being seemed to transform into a full weapon—elbows, sharp claws, fists, knees, fingers, toes, head… It was launching attacks in a frenzied manner, causing Clear Eye Master to suffer occasional hits. Yet Clear Eye Master’s godly body was strong and large, so he was still able to bear the blows.

“Ah!” Clear Eye Master let out a begrudging roar of reluctance. “Silver Wings Horde Leader!”

Hong!

The surrounding endless, hazy cyan light spots suddenly became a great, glorious light, and countless rolling waves of cyan light moved to wrap and surround Luo Feng, trying their best to trap him. Instantly, Luo Feng, who had been moving at an insanely accelerated speed, was forced to slow down. Clear Eye Master immediately retreated as far away as he could. From afar, he looked at Luo Feng. His eyes were filled with complex emotions.

A mere youngster who had cultivated for a couple of eras could force him, Clear Eye Master, to make use of his pinnacle domain type true treasure!

This was an insult.

As a super great being who specialized in soul type attacks, he would naturally have backup plans. Should any of his soul attacks fail, for instance, within the Universe Ocean, there were some special life forms that did not have souls, so his attacks would be futile! This was why Clear Eye Master’s domain type true treasure, palace type true treasure, armor, and various other defense and survival techniques were all extremely strong.

However, the moment he was forced to use these, it would mean that he could not beat his opponent, and now, he was being forced by Luo Feng to go all out on the use of his domain true treasure. For such an arrogant character like Clear Eye Master, such an insult would naturally bring him to nurse a grievance.

“Domain true treasure?” Luo Feng’s eyes glimmered with the ferocity of a beast god. Then he sat down right away, cross-legged, and sneered. “For being able to make you, Clear Eye Master, use your domain type true treasure at full force, I am truly honored. Clear Eye Master, it seems like… there’s nothing you can do to me.”

“How did you ward off my soul attacks?” Clear Eye Master could not help asking. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Make a guess.” Luo Feng smiled softly.

Clear Eye Master frowned. “According to information sources, you have a Mosha body. Could it be that your master body for battle now is your Mosha body? Or could it be that you have a unique true treasure that is extremely strong in protecting and defending your soul?”

If it was his Mosha body, then it certainly would not be afraid of any soul attack.

“Why should I tell you?” Luo Feng shut his eyes instantly. He could not be bothered with Clear Eye Master.

Clear Eye Master truly intended to escape, but Luo Feng was reluctant to reveal his Shi Wu Wings yet, so he did not give chase.

Once Shi Wu Wings were revealed, there would be much trouble. The Divine Eye Clan might think that Huge Axe Creator gave Shi Wu Wings to Luo Feng after obtaining it. But Huge Axe Creator and Primal Chaos City Leader both knew that previously, Huge Axe did not obtain the wings. Those who were present at the ninth level of Deep Abyss at that time were the few—including Sitting Mountain Guest and Brilliant Gold Devil God.

Brilliant Gold Devil God was from the second reincarnation era. It would be highly unlikely that he would be the one to give the wings to Luo Feng. Then it would be an easy guess—Sitting Mountain Guest and Luo Feng were related!

“Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest does not seem to want to publicize this matter,” Luo Feng said to himself. “If Teacher did not mind… I would have made use of Shi Wu Wing’s ability to control time and space. Then, even if I were pitted against Five Chaos Master, I would have no trace of fear.”

Luo Feng was aware that he was already different than he had been during the battle in God-Destroying Valley. At that time, he had been weak in close combat, but now, he was already at the fourth-tier of the top level. Compared to Five Chaos, he only fell short in terms of godly power. When it came to the true treasures each owned, he still had a slight advantage (he had Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor while Five Chaos had nothing superior to talk about).

Besides, he had Shi Wu Wings to complement his power! When the two confronted one another in a fight, their powers would not differ much.

“But, this Clear Eye Master…” Luo Feng looked at the far away Clear Eye Master, who wore a very displeased expression. Immediately, he shut his eyes and said to himself, “He is not enough to force me to use Shi Wu Wings.”

“Humph!” Clear Eye Master gave an angry snort, then transformed into a streak of light and left.

When Clear Eye Master was gone, Luo Feng opened his eyes with a solemn expression. He was only trying to look as though everything was easy to him earlier on… but in fact, he had depended on the double defense of Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor and Star Tower. Clear Eye Master’s power earlier on was so strong that it could exterminate a single reincarnation cycle; Luo Feng had used Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor to weaken the force, yet it was still so mighty. Like wheels in continuous rolling motion, it had been crushing and suppressing Luo Feng’s soul! If he had only had an ordinary soul treasure, it would not have been able to protect him at all.

Luckily, it was Star Tower!

“He was so strong. Normal great beings don’t even have Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor, or any supreme treasure.” Luo Feng sighed to himself. “Impressive, indeed. However, it is not good to just depend on true treasures. I must sharpen and hone my willpower as soon as I can. If my willpower could reach the level of a universe supreme master, warding off soul attacks might be much easier, and I will be able to obtain that pair of white wings.”

Sou!

With that, Luo Feng transformed into light and flew outside.

Being where he was, he was merely trying to get a feel of what it was to sharpen and hone his willpower. Now, the first and foremost thing to do… was to find his own secret space chamber!

******

The battle was witnessed by a crowd of over 20 universe masters from afar, including Swallow Hawk Master. Initially, everyone thought that Luo Feng would suffer a great loss, yet, unexpectedly, Clear Eye Master’s techniques that allowed him to ran rampant across Universe Ocean failed to work their powers on Luo Feng. He had even lost big-time in close combat later on.

If even his most powerful soul attack techniques failed, when it came to close combat, it was within the expectation of the numerous universe masters that he would still be at the losing end.

What Swallow Hawk Master and the other great beings found unbelievable was that Luo Feng could ward off the soul attacks so easily. Could it really be because he had a Mosha body?

******

In the endless snowy grounds of internal domain of Universe Boat.

Five Chaos Master and An Yong Master were treading across the snowy grounds, not daring to fly, as the skies of this domain were extremely dangerous. Every step they took, however, allowed them to advance a distance of several hundreds of thousands of kilometers.

“Huh?” Five Chaos Master stopped with a frown.

“What is the matter?” An Yong Master asked right away.

Five Chaos Master’s face flashed a glimmer of rage as he said in a low voice, “That Luo Feng has appeared in the space of black-striped stone pillars!”

“Space of black-striped stone pillars?” An Yong Master was happy for a moment, then immediately said, “Right. From what I remember, Clear Eye is now over at the space of black-striped stone pillars.”

At the very thought of Clear Eye, An Yong Master was deeply fearful.

“Clear Eye had already exchanged blows with Luo Feng,” Five Chaos Master continued, shaking his head.

A pity. Even Clear Eye was not Luo Feng’s match. Luo Feng easily warded off his soul attacks without flinching! He could only rely on his domain type true treasures to suppress Luo Feng so that Luo Feng could not get near enough to him to fight in close combat.

“What!” An Yong Master was in great shock.

“Luo Feng has several massive bodies, and this, perhaps, might be his Mosha body,” Five Chaos Master guessed with a frown. “I couldn’t care less how he managed to ward off the soul attacks. That has nothing to do with me at all. I can totally suppress him, given my capability. What I am troubled over now is… after the battle, Luo Feng left quickly with no one knowing where he is heading off to this time.”

“Still on his way?” An Yong Master’s eyes narrowed into a glare. “Where, exactly, is this Luo Feng’s final destination?”

“Who knows?” Five Chaos Master shook his head.

******

The space of the black-striped stone pillars was vast and strange, and the 16 black-striped stone pillars were endlessly tall.

“Haha! After half a month, I finally found my own secret space chamber.”

Luo Feng looked at the far away black-tipped architecture and could not help smiling. He had already sensed something, and because it was a sensation that could only be detected well within a short distance, he had spent the past few days running around these 16 black-striped stone pillars.

“Five Chaos, oh Five Chaos. Your black token has fallen in my hands. Who knows… what else have you left here in this secret space chamber?”

Sou!

Luo Feng transformed into a streak of light and flew off at high speed.

The secret space chamber was massive. Its size was comparable to the flying gigantic rocks winding about the black-striped stone pillars. When Luo Feng flew to stand before it, he felt how small he was, but when he used his hands to lightly touch the walls, he easily went through them.

“Huh?” Luo Feng was surprised and let out a laugh. Thereafter, he took a step forward and his entire being passed through the wall of that structure to enter within.

There was an individual space within the secret space chamber—towering, vast, and endless. Only the master of a black token could enter. Any other great being, regardless of whether they were a universe supreme master or not, could banish all thoughts of breaking into this space. For eternity, no other great being was able to destroy a secret space chamber. Even if it was the secret space chamber of this black token, which was at the lowest level of the secret space chambers of the three great tokens.

“This is huge.”

Luo Feng was suspended in midair as he looked down at the vast land. On the land covered by the rolling mountains, there was a part that seemed to be shaved flat; one look at the smooth rock walls, and he could see a large number of diagrams of secret engravings and transcripts.

Sou!

Luo Feng descended swiftly to land on the starting point of the countless sculptures of engravings and transcripts. On it, there were ancient writings that he was not familiar with. These were different from the writings left behind by the civilized ancient existence in the Universe Boat. Yet they contained a strong willpower of their own and could easily transmit information to onlookers.

At Luo Feng’s level, a large amount of information could be transmitted to him even through a mere piece of the painting.

“I am Nine Mortal Master! This black token has been here with me for countless generations. Generations of great beings have been annihilated, with only some traces that could be distinguished. This is something that I have always lamented about. So… I have a thought. I hope that in the future, the successive owners of this secret space chamber could leave behind some information about themselves. At least when their end is near and they will thus be annihilated, future generations shall know of them. I have lived for almost three generation eras. My end is nearing. I have been waiting in silence. If I am to die, the later generations can have my treasures. Haha. It’s just that, I don’t know who from the later generation would have such an opportunity.”

“I am Sparrow Spring! Senior Nine Mortal’s treasures have since become my possessions, and I am thankful to Senior Nine Mortal and the seniors before him. Perhaps this secret space chamber has had many other masters before, but the information was not detailed enough, so I have proclaimed Senior Nine Mortal as its first space owner. I shall be the second, and if I am unable to avoid doomsday, then I shall leave these valuables here. These are the diagrams of secret techniques that I have comprehended…”

******

On the vast and spacious rock wall, there was a large number of sculptures. Every sculpture represented a different space master.

“I am Imperial Eye Master, 193rd space master! The previous senior did not leave anything behind! Haha! But having roamed the three most dangerous lands, the most annoying thing to take note of was that there were many unknown places within the three most dangerous grounds, and thus, many unknown dangers. So I came up with an idea. Every space master should leave a map related to his own findings of the three most dangerous lands. Every generation thereafter will then supplement the map with more details! And this map shall always be left here! I believe, after countless generations, this map will become more detailed and will be the greatest boon to owners of this secret space chamber. I shall leave my map about the three most dangerous lands here.”

******

Venturing along the smooth rock walls, Luo Feng could see the writings left behind by generations of space masters. Looking down the same eye line, there seemed to be no end.

“Haha! You later generations, just cry your eyes out! I will destroy everything accumulated about the three most dangerous lands on this map. Remember, I am Piercing Master! The 1,928th space master! I left behind, no treasure at all! Haha…”

******

The more he looked, the more transcripts he found.

Further down, another space master left a map that sparked the transmission of a rich pool of information. There might be interruptions or intentional destructions in between, but the majority chose to transmit and hand down the recordings accumulated and collected in this map; it was a tradition. In the map, many great beings had chosen to leave their diagrams of secret techniques which they were so proud of.

“I think the number of space masters may have to be calculated in units of tens of thousands.”

Luo Feng looked on silently, as though he could see the change of space masters, generation after generation.

With the passing of endless time, everything had dispersed within Universe Ocean, leaving no traces in this secret space chamber.