Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1296: The Breakthrough, A Universe Master!

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

The mountain range, lake, and wooden house were all suspended in the air.

With it as the center, everything within the vast space and spread around its surroundings fell within its area of control. This mountain, lake, and wooden house… The greatest area under the influence of its control was a diameter as wide as one light year! How vast this region was! And within this region, a single thought could execute the power of a sixth tier as the top level.

The various universe masters were all in awe.

“Impressive. Simply too, too impressive!”

“In the primal universe, it is even more powerful than a supreme true treasure. The only downside of it is that controlling it is a tad more complex. It requires both bodies of Primal Chaos City Leader to control it together.”

“A simplified miniature universe? How did Teacher Origin achieve that?”

“I cannot fathom it. I simply cannot fathom any of it! Indeed, that’s Teacher Origin for you. Only Teacher Origin can create a virtual universe, which has reached a stupefying level on the way the universe revolves. I suppose this must be the reason why he can create this unique treasure, ‘Palm Universe.'”

The part of time and space that was under the influence of this Palm Universe was completely isolated from the outside world. All the universe masters were shocked yet intoxicated by what they saw.

“Luo Feng.”

“Luo Feng?”

Suddenly, someone realized that there was something not quite right with Luo Feng. Earlier, he was still smiling; but later, he shut his eyes and his entire being started to exude a strange aura.

“Do not disturb Luo Feng!” Darkness Master immediately shouted to stop the others.

Within the human race, the majority were not aware that Luo Feng was merely a universe knight. But Darkness Master knew.

Could it be that he was going to achieve a breakthrough soon? Darkness Master wondered to himself. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Not only him—Primal Chaos City Leader, who was standing above a lake quite a distance away, also saw the seemingly unique state that Luo Feng was in. In his heart, he could not help looking forward with much eagerness.

This disciple of mine is going to have a breakthrough soon?

******

Luo Feng was already capable of creating secret techniques at a universe supreme master level, and his law comprehension had already reached the ultimate limit of its bottleneck, whereby he had comprehended heart of beast god long ago. He could be said to have met the various expectations, and his avatar was consistently cultivating in a cultivation space within the space of inheritance. With a rate of 10,000 times of time velocity, he had been cultivating for many years.

What Luo Feng had accumulated was more than abundant. So even if he was slower, upon enduring a few more years in the outside world, he would be able to break through; that was for sure. If he was fast, the breakthrough could be anytime.

This breakthrough… It could occur at a time when he was getting emotional or feeling touched or just looking at the revolving, starlit sky or even in a life-or-death battle. In short, no one knew when it would happen because at any point in time, with a little touch of his gifted talent, he might be enlightened and thus be able to achieve the breakthrough.

Palm universe was a unique treasure. Luo Feng could not comprehend Shi Wu Wings and the Boat of Mausoleum because they were both too profound. However, Palm Universe was very close by. Since he could create a secret technique at a universe supreme master level—and what this Palm Universe contained was also at the ultimate limit of a universe supreme master—Luo Feng could, therefore, vaguely comprehend it. Just one touch of this Palm Universe, and the bottleneck that he was stuck at for so long seemed to disappear soundlessly. He had, thus, broken through this bottleneck.

Luo Feng suddenly opened his eyes. “Teacher.”

Primal Chaos City Leader looked over.

Teacher and disciple exchanged glances, and mutual understanding traversed the space between them. The look of excitement on Primal Chaos City Leader’s face was hard to conceal. This disciple of his was beyond formidable. Even though he had yet to achieve his breakthrough, he was already so powerful. Once he achieved his breakthrough… he would be a great help in the final battle that was drawing close.

“I will first make a trip out,” Luo Feng said.

“Go.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. At the same time, he stopped the execution of Palm Universe right away for Luo Feng to exit.

Shua!

With a single teleportation, Luo Feng disappeared wordlessly.

******

Luo Feng’s god country was so endlessly vast that it could be described as inexhaustible.

Hua!

The endless Remote Ocean was always filled with ripples, and even without any wind, it had waves that rose up to three feet high. This endless Remote Ocean stretched over a diameter of 80 billion kilometers. It was deep and vast, and its normal waves were so big that they were astounding. With this endless Remote Ocean, together with the additional support from his god country, even if other universe supreme masters were to barge their way in, they would be in for a great loss.

The god country that was originally peaceful underwent a change. Just as Luo Feng broke through the bottleneck while he was inside the Boat of Mausoleum—

Hong!

The origin laws of the primal universe fell right away. An endless oppressive force enveloped the entire god country. The endless Remote Ocean that was originally considerably peaceful was suddenly surging with mighty waves.

“Huh?”

Amidst the endless Remote Ocean, a figure suddenly emerged. This was Remote Ocean body. It was looking up into the sky where immeasurably huge, black and white whirlpools were appearing. These rotating whirlpools were enormous, and they carried with them an inexhaustible amount of power.

Upon discovering his breakthrough, Luo Feng destroyed his previous Remote Ocean body and bred a new one right away. It was the fastest method to get back to god country.

“Breakthrough!”

Luo Feng’s Remote Ocean body teleported out into the sky beyond the edge of the entire Remote Ocean in a flash.

“This tremendous momentum is so, so imposing.”

Luo Feng looked up into the sky to see that huge whirlpool which had a diameter greater than tens of billions of kilometers. This was different from the previous five-colored whirlpool that had appeared when he achieved his breakthrough to become a universe knight. This time, it was composed of alternating black and white ones. Within a large black whirlpool, there was a white one, and within this white one, there was another black one.

Black whirlpool, then white whirlpool. Black whirlpool, then white whirlpool. Round after round.

While exuding a formidable oppressive force, there was a passageway at the center of this huge whirlpool. It was the link between the universe law ocean and Luo Feng’s god country.

“The critical moment!”

Luo Feng suddenly understood what was happening. It was the most critical moment of his breakthrough—the swallowing of godly power!

The endless Remote Ocean was massive. To increase his godly power, he would need a long, long time! And the bigger his godly body, the stronger the ability to recover. Even if a universe master were to self-destruct suddenly, the speed at which his godly power was consumed during this instant self-destruction was nothing compared to the speed of auto-recovery of Remote Ocean! The greater the volume, the greater the power. As a result, the speed of recovery would be even more alarming.

This was why the endless Remote Ocean progressed at a very slow pace during its initial stage of growth. For its diameter to double from 10 billion kilometers to 20 billion kilometers, a long time was required. For the diameter to expand from 20 billion kilometers to 80 billion kilometers, it would be much faster. But when the latter was compared to the speed attainable in future expansions, it was still considered to be much slower. Further down the road, the speed would soar to a figure that was exponentially faster. That was how Nine Remoteness Master had been able to create that massive Nine Remoteness Ocean.

Luo Feng was about to become a universe master. His endless Remote Ocean was still far inferior to Nine Remoteness Ocean. Therefore, Luo Feng would cherish this opportunity even more.

“The time for swallowing godly power is limited,” Luo Feng said to himself. “The swallowing must occur at the most efficient rate possible.”

Hong! Long! Long!

From the alternating black and white circles that were intertwined at the center of the whirlpool—that whirlpool passageway with a diameter of few tens of billions of kilometers—was pouring out ocean water that was empowered by a formidable godly power. Torrential ocean waters surged out in a frenzied manner.

Hong! Long! Long!

Like an ocean collapsing, the water poured out at a speed so fast that it was simply terrifying. Compared to when Luo Feng achieved a breakthrough to become a universe knight, everything was much faster this time around.

“Inhale, suck, absorb!”

Luo Feng used his willpower to the best of his ability and tried hard to control his endless Remote Ocean. He was absorbing like crazy, and the transformation took place immediately.

His godly power that was originally 10,000 times the life genes of knight soared up 100 times to hit a godly level of 10,000 times life genes—a universe master level!

Swallow, then transform… The rate at which that whirlpool passageway was pouring out godly power empowered the ocean water totally in sync with the rate at which Luo Feng’s endless Remote Ocean absorbed it. The faster he absorbed, the faster the pouring of ocean water would be.

“Transform! Transform! Transform!” Luo Feng was doing his best to keep everything, and he also noticed that after his willpower got stronger, it brought him more benefits.

The powerful willpower also greatly increased the efficiency of the transformation happening under his control. But no matter how great the increase was… it was still not enough.

******

A moment later, peace and quiet resumed in the god country. The oppressive force of the primal universe origin laws was gone, and for a short moment, Luo Feng could swallow godly power to his heart’s content.

“My endless Remote Ocean has a diameter of 80 billion kilometers.” Luo Feng stood in the sky above the Remote Ocean. “Just a while ago, the godly power transformed reached around 15 percent of the size of my endless Remote Ocean!”

Luo Feng estimated that the entire Remote Ocean must have had an approximate diameter of 80 billion kilometers, of which, more than 40 billion kilometers along its whole diameter was successfully transformed. That was approximately 15 percent of its entirety. In terms of efficiency, this rate was considered high. After all, the endless Remote Ocean was massive.

“When I became a universe knight previously, the rate of transformation was 12 percent. This time around, the rate has increased a little. I was lucky that my willpower also reached a breakthrough point. If my willpower had not reached the level of a universe supreme master, I’m afraid the transformation of godly power this time around would have been far lesser.”

Luo Feng continued his descent.

Pu! Tong!

He sank down into the endless Remote Ocean, where his body naturally fell apart and blended into the Remote Ocean.

Soon, a new Remote Ocean body was formed within the endless Remote Ocean. This Remote Ocean body was a lofty figure that was close to 10,000 kilometers tall. Its godly power was 1,000 times that of a universe master life gene level, and it was also ten times higher than the godly power of Luo Feng himself when he was still at the universe knight level.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

The entire endless Remote Ocean was still resonating with the faraway universe origin law ocean, absorbing its godly power and trying hard to transform the entire Remote Ocean. The only pity was that now, the speed had slowed down considerably compared to before.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

Three light rays appeared at the same time within his god country and transformed into three streaks of light high up in the sky. They flew about freely. Bouts of godly power rapidly shot out from the Remote Ocean below to quickly envelop the three godly bodies within their influence. These three godly bodies were none other than the original earthling body, Golden Horned Beast body, and Mosha body.

In an instant, the three godly bodies started to transform. The original earthling body and Golden Horned Beast body’s godly powers soared to 100 times, reaching a godly power level of 10,000 times that of a universe master life gene. Mosha body’s godly power also soared by 100 times, reaching a godly power level of 100 times that of a universe master life gene.

“My Mosha body, in terms of godly power, is comparable to my previous original body.”

The original earthling body, Golden Horned Beast body, Mosha body, and Remote Ocean body were all full of fighting spirit. His original earthling body and Golden Horned Beast body, with their pinnacle true treasure in hand, could both display an outburst of combat power up to the sixth tier as the top level! Mosha body, with its Blood Ghost Blade, would also be able to display an outburst of combat power up to the sixth-tier. Remote Ocean body was equipped with even more methods.

“Now, I have to address two things.”

Four different bodies of Luo Feng flew to the core of his god country. At the public square before his godly palace, the four bodies found scattered spots to settle down, where Golden Horned Beast body lay sprawled on the ground.

“The first thing will be my Mosha body!” Luo Feng whispered. “After becoming a universe master, the bottleneck of 100 times life genes will no longer be imposed on my Mosha body, which means I can bring the increase to as high as 1,000 times life level—or even 10,000 times of life level. Regarding the materials required to increase the life genes, I have already prepared them all.”

His Mosha body was not a flesh and blood life form, so it could not cultivate the Nine Volume Manual. Just like any ordinary universe master, it had to reach the level of a universe master before its current 100 times life gene level could increase further.

“The second thing will be my god country. If I achieve a breakthrough to become a universe master, my god country will become even more complete.”

Luo Feng looked at his own vast god country.

At that moment, his god country was slowly transforming. The expansion of its area was secondary. More importantly, the structure was beginning to stabilize toward an ultimate limit. Once the perfect transformation was completed this time around, the next breakthrough would be that of his god country’s “miniature universe,” which meant that this time, it was already the ultimate level of his god country.