Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1383: The Final Step

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Time and space trembled. Deeper down along the godly power route of the true god path, Luo Feng appeared out of nowhere.

“Huh?” At first glance, Luo Feng mused, “A river?”

Directly ahead, a passageway was there, as usual. The two sides of the passageway were also the same—walls filled with countless specimens. However, the wide yet deep passageway before him was a river!

“This…”

Luo Feng stood on top of the river as he looked down beneath his feet with astonishment. His godly power had reached out to detect, and thus, he discovered that this river contained an endless, mighty godly power that had no master! It was like the godly power without a master in the “Ocean Law” of the primal universe, where he could absorb it for his own use in whatever quantity he pleased.

“This godly power is without a master. And such a great amount of it!”

Luo Feng was pleasantly surprised. His godly body was as tall as 10,000 kilometers, while the width and height of the passageway were around 100 million kilometers. Its length stretched for tens of billion kilometers. Such a massive passageway! And almost half of it was filled with godly power condensed and gathered to form a river.

“That Godly King has left so much unclaimed godly power here…” Luo Feng contemplated. “For those who remained here to comprehend, once they achieved a thorough comprehension, they would achieve a breakthrough in their godly body. Then, most certainly, they would need to replenish their godly power. Could it be for this reason?”

Regardless of the reason, if he let godly power go to waste without absorbing any of it, he would be a fool.

Hua!

With a move of intention, Luo Feng eagerly sucked up the godly power water beneath him. Earlier on, when he had been progressing from the first to the third level of Wu Qi Tower, Luo Feng had indeed exhausted much of his godly power—especially because his earthling original body suddenly achieved a breakthrough in life gene level to reach 16,000 times. His golden horned beast body had to replenish the godly power that his earthling original body had lost. Thus, the godly body of his golden horned beast was always lacking a great amount of godly power.

“Since there is so much godly power, I might as well take it all in one go and enable my godly body to attain the highest life gene level that I have so far comprehended.” Luo Feng hesitated no further. His eyes lit up. “Godly body, reassemble!”

Hong!

Luo Feng’s earthling body was completely disassembled in an instant. It transformed into mighty godly power. Every life structure of this godly power was reconstructed. Then everything came crashing together rapidly to condense and give form to his earthling original body.

Hu!

Luo Feng’s godly body was swallowing from the river in its surroundings like crazy. It sought to replenish its godly body as quickly as possible.

At the same moment, Golden Horned Beast was also undergoing a reassembly of his godly body. Shortly after, it too started to replenish its godly power. After a short moment, everything came to a halt.

“Now, my godly body has a life gene level of around 28,000 times. But I am still far from my target!” Luo Feng said to himself.

Previously, when had been was about to make his way to Godly King Valley, he had managed to obtain a large quantity of blood, scales, and hair samples from the endless Remote Ocean of the primal universe. That was when he had managed to achieve a breakthrough by comprehending the life structure at 16,000 times life gene level in one swift move.

In the following period of time, as Luo Feng was rushing to get about places—especially while on the third level of Wu Qi Tower, waiting for the other batches of warriors to arrive—he had remained in the space of cultivation where time was accelerated at a rate of 10,000 times. Even with time passing by so fast, Luo Feng managed to achieve multiple breakthroughs in succession and finally attained a level of 28,000 times life genes level. This was still regarded as reaching a small bottleneck within a short period.

At that moment, Luo Feng was certainly making good use of the chance to absorb as much godly power as he could so that he could bring the state of his godly body to its strongest form in one swift move. Yet even with the inherited technique “Creation” and a great quantity of blood, hair, and scale samples, there was not once when he was able to attain the first stage requirement of 30,000 times in one swift move. To be more truthful, Luo Feng was indeed a little disappointed.

After all, 30,000 times was only the first stage.

******

“Life Diagram!” Luo Feng stepped onto the river of godly power and looked at the numerous complex, three-dimensional life diagrams on the two sides of the river.

Blood and flesh type, rock type, energy type, metal type, plant type… There were various kinds of three-dimensional life diagrams, and they had life gene levels that ranged from 10,000 times more to 30,000 times more. The number was far too many. Luo Feng’s grasp of the life diagrams on blood and flesh life forms was the fastest, as for the others, he was apparently much slower. In the first place, Luo Feng had placed emphasis on studying the blood and flesh type, while putting others on hold for the time being. But of course, while he focused on studying blood and flesh type, he would also gain additional knowledge about other life forms.

Every day, time passed. As Luo Feng was studying these life diagrams in the faraway primal universe, endless Remote Ocean was also studying them. And in the space of inheritance within the space of cultivation, his golden horned beast body was constantly carrying out experiments.

It had only been 15 days. Yet, ever so easily, Luo Feng achieved another breakthrough. His life gene level soared up to 32,000 times. This was mainly because Luo Feng had a good foundation to begin with. Originally, his life gene level was already at 28,000 times. And with a little more contact and comprehension, it was a matter of course that he would be able to achieve a breakthrough to reach the stage of 30,000 times life gene level.

Hong!

The lofty Luo Feng was surrounded by the surging river, which was pouring into him continuously.

Godly body, stage one: Its height could surge up to ten times. Of course, there had to first be enough godly power. Thereafter, he could absorb a tremendous amount of godly power…

Luo Feng soared to a height of one million kilometers! Even his golden horned beast body experienced the same growth spurt to one million kilometers in length. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

“Haha…”

Luo Feng laughed heartily as he stood at this end of the river’s passageway. Similarly, there was a wooden door, and on that wooden door, there was an incomplete piece of life diagram.

“Still a blood and flesh life form?” Luo Feng mused to himself. “Could it be a test that His Majesty the Godly King set under that wooden doo, based on the warriors entering? So if it’s a plant type warrior entering, the test at the wooden door would be a life diagram of a plant type great being?”

Luo Feng did not hesitate and was quick to supplement this life diagram.

This life diagram was at a 30,000 times life gene level, and Luo Feng was able to resolve it after a brief moment of careful contemplation.

Buzz!

The wooden door released cyan rays of light that enshrouded Luo Feng, transporting him into an even deeper region along this true god path.

*****

Luo Feng appeared out of thin air. Right ahead, a passageway was there, as usual. The two sides of the passageway were also the same; they were still walls. The difference was that the passageway of the river had become wider and deeper. The three-dimensional life diagrams on both sides of the wall were more complex and massive.

“The first phase was perfect life gene level, the second stage was 10,000 times to 30,000 times… The third stage… must be 30,000 to 60,000 times.” Luo Feng’s gaze swept over the surroundings. He found everything incomparably mysterious and severe. “In the previous two phases of the passageway, I was able to pass through easily because I already had the foundation. This phase of the passageway… I don’t think it will be that easy.”

Luo Feng flew ahead and looked to the left at the first life diagram, which portrayed a blood and flesh type. Based on Luo Feng’s speculation, this should be a life diagram that had a life gene level of around 35,000 times. However, one look at this life diagram, and Luo Feng was stuck. There were many areas that he could not comprehend.

If he was unable to comprehend it, then no matter how he looked at it—or even if he shut his eyes—he would not be able to recall anything. Only through thorough comprehension could he remember.

Luo Feng temporarily put on hold the studies on the other types of life forms and specifically observed the life diagrams of blood and flesh life forms. For the first diagram, he stood on the river, unmoving, and for more than three months, he watched. As he was watching, endless Remote Ocean in the primal universe was executing the inherited technique Creation to observe those true god samples of blood, scales, and hair, while his golden horned beast body was relying on the 10,000 times acceleration in time to consistently study and analyze the samples.

What might have seemed like more than three months, was actually a few thousand years. But he did finally finish a thorough comprehension.

For the second diagram, Luo Feng stood and watched for more than a month.

For the third diagram, he looked on for more than half a year.

******

Luo Feng purely focused on the life diagrams of the blood and flesh life forms. From low to high, he observed; thereafter, he would compare them with some of the life structures of true gods observed by endless Remote Ocean, who was making use of the inherited technique Creation. Then he would study them in more detail. Under 10,000 times acceleration in time, he continuously researched the different changes in life diagrams and the significance such changes represented.

How mysterious! It was as though he was creating a technique. And Luo Feng’s grasp of life gene level was continuously on the rise, too. After a year and six months, Luo Feng’s life gene level had skyrocketed to 40,000 times.

After around 80 years, it had reached 50,000 times. However, during the following 1,000 years or so, Luo Feng remained stagnant at this phase, unable to achieve a breakthrough.

Yet Luo Feng could not bear to leave this passageway. This true god path was an incomparably precious plot of land. Even the pulse of Duan Dong River did not have such a detailed series of life diagrams to begin with! And he had to stay here to comprehend, because the moment he left, anything he had not comprehended thoroughly before would be forgotten right away. There was no way he would be able to recall anything.

“One era! The maximum time given to complete a mission to receive a title was one era. When the next era comes, it will be time for the next mission term. I have to try my best and put in my all to gain much more within this era—even more than what I have already gained now.

“Such precious life diagrams, all placed before me, where I can view them to my heart’s content. I even have the inherited technique Creation. Two great advantages are working to my benefit. If I miss such an opportunity, I might have to devote a period of up to a million times longer in the future—or even longer. But still, it might not be as rewarding as what I stand to gain now.”

Luo Feng did not dare go easy on himself.

******

Outside Wu Qi Tower.

Sou!

A warrior was removed and sent out.

On the third level of that silver-gray palace beside Wu Qi Tower, four figures stood by the railings as they looked down at the warrior who was being moved out.

“From within Wu Qi, the other warriors are being sent out one by one,” lamented the burly commander. “They have maxed out the limit on their period of stay on the fourth level. That Warrior Milky Way had accomplished even more and can stay on longer. How rewarding it had been for him on the godly power route of the true god path up until now, no one knows!”

The other three commanders also looked toward Wu Qi Tower. They could not see what was happening inside. But they were all clearly aware that, since Warrior Milky Way was able to venture even further along the true god path, it would mean that he could enter the fifth level and continue making his way to the peak!

“I wonder how much he can gain during this half-era.”

******

Luo Feng was not the least bit aware that he could only stay on this true god path for, at most, half a century. Yet it was pointless to know this because he was already trying his best to comprehend. And he was comprehending like crazy.

It was his 4,200th year on this true god path.

Almost at the end of the entire passageway, before an extremely large life diagram, Luo Feng stood unmoving. He had been standing there like that for more than 2,000 years.

Suddenly… he smiled.

The furrowed brows, previously so closely knitted, were finally released. Now, he was fully at ease. The moment he gained understanding, he was enlightened all at once! This feeling of enlightenment was immeasurably incredible.

“So, this is it.” Luo Feng laughed heartily.

Hong!

His godly body disassembled instantly. Soon after, every bit of godly power underwent a drastic change as the elements crashed into one another and condensed together. At the same time, the surrounding river surged in tumbling waves. They too added on to the condensation of godly power. A towering godly body was continuously growing bigger. Very quickly, Luo Feng’s legs had touched the surface of the ground of the passageway, and his head was almost touching the ceiling.

Luo Feng’s godly body stood as high as 100 million kilometers. His life gene level had exceeded 60,000 times!

Even with a massive body of 100 million kilometers, it was not in the least bit cumbersome, unlike other kinds of massive life forms that could hardly move about. Luo Feng’s current life gene level reached as high as 60,000 times. He had gained such a massive godly body, yet his speed and agility, on the contrary, became stronger rather than slower and more cumbersome. His earthling original body and golden horned beast body had both reached their state of limit.

“Next phase!”

Luo Feng rapidly shrank himself and walked to the wooden door where he had used up some time to complete repairing those imperfections on the incomplete life diagrams.

Hua!

The cyan light shone upon him, and Luo Feng was transported away to the other end.

******

There was a passageway before him with walls on both sides. There was no trace of godly ocean water within the passageway, and there was not a single specimen to be found on the walls. It was just emptiness.

“Emptiness…” Luo Feng was taken aback.