Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1410: The Trillionth Era (Part II)

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

In the 53,000th era, Luo Feng’s son, Luo Hai, finally became a universe knight. He was the third universe knight of the Luo Family.

Although Luo Feng had two sons, Luo Ping had always lacked interest and focus in various aspects during cultivation, relying on external help like treasures to barely become an undying fighter. As for Luo Hai, he may have given his best, but he had not encountered many setbacks along the way. After all, his father, Luo Feng, had unknowingly given him a lot of help, even if he had not purposely intended to. There were always some great beings who would try hard to please or flatter Luo Feng. Thus, Luo Hai had not been forced to struggle through enough setbacks; even if he was an impressive talent, he would never be as dazzling as Luo Feng and Hong.

“Even with the help from various parties, cultivating to become a universe knight might be his peak,” commented Luo Feng. “If he ever wanted to become a universe master, it would take a miracle.”

An extraordinary talent was truly not that easy to come by.

******

For a long time, the population of the pulse of the Luo Family grew at an extremely shocking rate. Naturally, the birth of talents was also plentiful. Even before Luo Hai, two others had already become universe knights.

However, out of these numerous so-called “talents,” none caught Luo Feng’s eyes. By his reckoning, even in ideal conditions, reaching the level of a universe knight would be their peak. If such conditions were not provided, and without the ancient inheritance, these first three to become universe knights—including his son Luo Hai—would stop at the level of undying fighters.

Finally…

In the 91,000th era, an extraordinary talent finally emerged within the pulse of the Luo family named Luo Zhen Ni! He was a truly stunning talent who originally had not enjoyed any status in the Luo Family. He was merely a young fellow who lived on an “exiled star,” yet he had quickly risen. Then, finally, he managed to attract Luo Feng’s attraction.

Luo Feng briefly conducted a test and was delighted with the result.

The total area of Luo Feng’s territory and some other deserted grounds on the universe was comparable to a Ganwu Universe. Within this vast land, there had finally been the birth of a talent who met his expectations. Luo Feng took this Luo Zhen Ni as his disciple right away.

This was Luo Feng’s first formal disciple. Many other universe masters who were higher-ups from the human race, even Primal Chaos City Leader himself, had been trying to persuade Luo Feng to take in his own disciples. He was, after all, a number-one master in Universe Ocean. Many groups of powers within the human race were very eager to send the talents from their own camps to Luo Feng, but Luo Feng was never eager to become a teacher. Besides, the birth of an extraordinary talent was not easy to come by. This was why Luo Feng had let the matter drag on endlessly.

This time, Luo Feng was formally ready to take in a disciple. The only thing was, Luo Feng had very stringent requirements for his disciples, which was not secondary to what Primal Chaos City Leader expected of his disciples.

Even for someone as close to him as his own son, Luo Hai, Luo Feng made no exceptions. This went to show how demanding and stringent he was.

******

In the 91,200th era, Luo Zhen Ni finally became a universe knight. Luo Feng was especially strict with his principles, which delayed the entire progress. Otherwise, Luo Zhen Ni would have achieved his breakthrough long ago.

******

In the 330,000th era, within the human race in the territory of the primal prison clan, another extraordinary human talent, “Fire Dome,” was born. In the wild, he arose. Incomparably dazzling, he attracted many human universe masters to vie for him as their disciple. When Luo Feng finally stepped onto the scene, these two extraordinary talents unquestionably became his disciples.

When Luo Feng showed up, the other universe masters no longer put up any objection. Even Fire Dome was very excited to have Luo Feng as his Teacher.

In fact, on the peak where Luo Feng, Primal Chaos City Leader, and Peng Gong True God stood, there was no need for them to take in disciples to establish their footing and power, given their status. Luo Feng’s decision to take in disciples was because he had taken a fancy for Fire Dome’s talent. He felt that this Fire Dome was a good candidate as heir to the legacy of his senior, Jie Fanzi, which was not easy to come by.

Fire Dome was also extremely skilled in Water Law and Fire Law. The set of lost knowledge that Jie Fanzi had created, in Luo Feng’s perspective, was superior. If he personally imparted Jie Fanzi’s knowledge, too—further combined with Fire Dome’s innate talent—Fire Dome was bound for great achievements.

******

The 1,910,000th century, the human race saw the birth of its third true god—Darkness True God!

Darkness Master had finally achieved his breakthrough to become a true god. This was something that the great beings of the human race had expected. The various groups of top powers within Universe Ocean had expected this, too. It was just that they were filled with doubts as to why Luo Feng had yet to achieve his breakthrough!

******

In the 9,200,000th era, Luo Feng created another race. This race was capable of multiplying in number and could likewise be considered as part of the human race (Luo Feng had created a human-like, flesh-and-blood life form intentionally. After all, he was himself, a human, which had naturally led him to study a race that bore a similarity to the human race.) When this race reached maturity, it could reach star traveler level right away, which was considered highly outstanding.

To be able to create life forms that could reproduce—this was a breakthrough that brought tremendous progress to Luo Feng’s life structure diagram. Thereafter, he underwent multiple breakthroughs. His life gene level skyrocketed from 72,000 times to 79,000 times, then went up to break through to 83,000 times before finally reaching a bottleneck of 85,000 times, where it came to a halt.

******

Time passed.

Previously, there were undying godly souls who remained at the status quo for a long period of time, and the total accumulated to a large number. With the help of the inheritance of the ancient civilization, many became universe knights. Simultaneously, many universe knights also broke through to become universe masters. This enabled the number of human universe masters to continuously increase. However, the number of true gods increased at a greatly reduced rate.

******

In the 100 millionth era, the human race saw the birth of the fourth true god: Deserted Mirror True God.

In the 700 millionth era, the human race saw the birth of the fifth true god: Qing Dong True God. In the millionth era after Qing Dong Master broke through to become a true god, Luo Feng’s second disciple, Fire Dome’ unexpectedly achieved a breakthrough to become the sixth true god of the human era.

What a miracle! Fire Dome had gone under Luo Feng’s tutelage after Luo Zhen Ni, who was the first disciple.

Luo Zhen Ni was the first to become a universe master, with Fire Dome following closely to become a universe master, too. No one would have expected Fire Dome to become a true god within a time span close to 700 million eras after becoming a universe master!

This sparked a heated discussion within Universe Ocean. The topic was all about how Luo Feng’s disciple had already become a true god, yet he, the teacher, had yet to become one.

******

In the twelfth era, the human race saw the birth of the seventh true god: Ice Mountain True God.

Ice Mountain Master had finally become a true god.

******

The nineteenth era, the human race saw the birth of the eighth true god: Long Yan True God.

Long Yan Master was an aged universe master who had previously been a follower of Teacher Origin. He, too, had finally achieved a breakthrough. In fact, the group of aged universe masters like him had all become universe masters without the help of the inheritance of the ancient civilization. Now, with all kinds of available help, an 80 to 90 percent success rate of becoming a true god was simply a matter of course.

On the contrary, for their descendants—especially those who had depended on the guidance of the ancient civilization to become universe masters—they were certainly a notch lower in terms of potential.

****** Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

The 10 billionth era was considered to be the breakout period for the humans. The accumulation over endlessly long years had an unprecedented explosion during this century.

This caused the number of human universe masters to soar up to 239, while the number of universe supreme masters soared up to 21!

******

The skyrocketing within these 10 billion eras was mainly because there was such a rich accumulation to work with in the first place, thus allowing the breakout within such a short period of time.

The humans were not the only ones who had entered a breakout period. The other groups within the primal universe and groups within Universe Ocean were also experiencing breakouts. After all, the inheritance of the ancient civilization was indeed a great help to them. It was just that they did not receive an inheritance as great as the humans, and the information they had was not as detailed. Furthermore, they did not own as many treasures as compared to the humans. After all, Luo Feng was only second to the Godly King in the World of Jin. Many of the treasures he had acquired from there were all sent back to his race.

Even if this was so, for the demons, the number of universe masters soared to 52, and the number of true gods reached four! (Originally, there had only been two.)

For the bug clan, the number of universe masters also reached 32, and the number of true gods reached two. For the automaton race, the number of universe masters reached 39, and the number of true gods was three. For the prison clan, the number of universe masters reached 78, and the number of true gods was four. For the crystal clan, the number of universe masters reached 49, and the number of true gods was five.

As for the Hong Alliance, those races, which had originally been vassal races of the humans, underwent another round of great expansion. Although the humans had intentionally kept them under suppression and deliberately slowed down the development of the vassal races, these vassal races of the humans already had a few hundred universe masters to start with. At that moment, the number of universe masters from these vassal races reached 1,220 while the number of true gods was seven.

In fact, the different races within the Hong Alliance could only have 1,220 universe masters in the first place. This was due to the suppression by the humans and the selections by the World of Jin.

******

Thanks to the ancient civilization, in the first hundred eras, the whole of Universe Ocean underwent an explosive growth spurt.

The first and second reincarnation eras were no longer able to give rise to true gods, but there was a large batch of universe masters rising within them. These newly appointed universe masters naturally followed in the stead of their preceding fellow universe masters as they charged toward the World of Jin with murderous intentions.

Luo Feng held supreme power in the World of Jin, so although there were past instances when a handful of races had provoked and challenged the humans’ authority due to matters related to territory, Luo Feng was quick to mete out severe punishment within the World of Jin, so no one dared to provoke or challenge the human authority.

******

In the following years, the development of all the powerful groups in Universe Ocean slowed down noticeably. After all, the accumulation from the previous eras had completely erupted in the past 10 billion eras.

As with the humans, great beings were able to emerge, all thanks to the births of talents. Luckily, the human territory was large enough to accommodate these numerous births.

*******

The first 10 billion eras was a period of explosive growth. The population of the entire Universe Ocean grew tremendously. But as the trillionth era approached, the rate of growth slowed down.

In the 1.6 trillionth era, the human race saw the birth of the 23rd true god: Hong.

Hong, an extraordinary figure from the pulse of Earth, was only secondary to Luo Feng. He had finally crossed over to join the ranks of the true gods. This also raised great concern from the various groups of powers within Universe Ocean. What they were concerned about was the fact that Hong’s brother, Luo Feng—who had the greatest influence over the entire human race and was a Number One Master within Universe Ocean—was still merely a universe master. Why?

“The race that I created, once it matures, can reach star level right away. My life gene level had already reached 89,999 times! Just a little bit more… This is really a fraction of a difference!”

Luo Feng knew that this was an extremely tough step to take.

One could not underestimate the subtle difference between 89,999 times and 90,000 times. In terms of skills, there appeared to be little difference. Yet there was a fundamental leap in the level of life genes. Leading up to the trillionth era, Luo Feng was stuck at this level and just could not seem to achieve a breakthrough. And within the trillionth era, the three shots made by Luo Feng made it evidently clear that he wielded a terrifying power that placed him at the absolute superior position in Universe Ocean.

It was enough to instill fear and send shudders through the various powerful groups. As a universe master, he was already top of the pile in Universe Ocean! If he became a true god, how incredible would that be?

******

It was the 1,630 billionth era. Within Universe Ocean, two true gods finally joined forces. And for the first time, they set off for the nest of the Sector Beast: the “Land of Darkness”!