Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 237: Archaeological Ruins Item List

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Everyone in the meeting room was feeling anxious.

"Brother Hong, do you have any guarantee?" Thunder God and Hong were sitting in a corner, no one around dared to go close.

"None at all!"

"Hong shook his head, "However, even if we have no guarantee, in the end, we will still have to fight! As a star traveller level 7 along with my own domain, I already have no match in the star traveller level. Plus my fast evolving cloud contact vine that I've been feeding the Mu Ya crystals to, even if I battle to the death with a Star level 1, I might still have some hope!"

"The biggest problem lies in we not knowing much about the swallowing beast" Hong said seriously.

"Right." Thunder God nodded.

However, Hong and Thunder God clearly didn't know…a star level one human fighter and a star level 1 monster was very different! Not to mention the scariest of the monsters…the space beasts! Even more so the elite of the space beast bloodline, the golden horned beast, this was the leading bloodline in the vast universe.

This was also why Babata had deemed it the end of the world!

"Attention!"

"Attention!"

The American president, "The American side has just sent over a footage regarding the swallowing beast!"

Immediately everybody went silent.

Luo Feng too looked over.

A new footage was showing on the screen, this was in the vast wilderness, a base was one a wide river. At this particular base a large number of soldiers and personnel were in the midst of fleeing! One after another, the disc shaped battleships were flying and leaving!

"They had just received orders from headquarters, give up the base and quickly retreat." The american president said. "Headquarters had determined from our satellites that the swallowing beast was headed in that direction."

"However, it's too fast, the retreat hadn't completed…"

On the screen, a golden light stopped, it was that four clawed, scaled winged swallowing beast.

There was silence and a sense of dread in the meeting room.

"Another is about to get devoured?" Luo Feng shook his head.

On the screen , the swallowing monster actually rushed straight at the base, almost like lightning, and swept past the base. Its wings' scales acted like knives and sliced past the base, cutting through almost like it was tofu and destroying the base. The soldiers who were unable to evacuate in time were either crushed to death or cut into slices by the wings!

The base had turned into a wreckage!

With its ice cold golden pupils, it looked at the battleships fleeing in all directions, their speed…was just pitiful compared to its own!

It simply moved it's front claws!

"Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!"

Five golden rays shot out!

It's speed was shocking, it immediately hit five of the battleships, those hit immediately exploded into large fireballs, lighting up the dark night sky.

That was the end of the footage!

"Attention all." The American president said seriously, "This footage has shown us two things, one, it didn't devour the base this time, it destroyed it. Two, it has long range abilities."

"Bastard!"

"Bullsheet!"

In the meeting room's sides, the nuclear warhead experts had formed a discussion group, after seeing the footage, they exploded and began to curse! The old men with heads of white were all elites and of status, it was usually impossible to get any one of them to lose their composure. This time however, a great many of them were raging, their faces bright red.

"What's wrong?" Hong looked over.

"Let me explain".

One particular big nosed Russian nuclear weapons expert stood up, he looked at everyone, "We've been discussing of using a large amount of nuclear warheads on the creature's body or inside his mouth! What we were most worried about before was its swallowing ability, once devoured, whether our electronic signal would be compromised and we wouldn't be able to detonate! However, we pretty much can deal with that!"

"Now we realized our biggest problem! It has long range capabilities!"

This big nosed Russian said angrily, "With this swallowing monster's unbelievable defensive abilities, even with a large amount of nuclear warheads, if they don't get within 50 meters to detonate, they probably wouldn't be able to break through its scales!"

Everyone in the meeting room was startled.

"Attention all!"

"The cons of a hydrogen bomb, is its 'shockwave' and the resulting 'nuclear radiation', it's initial explosion is but a small factor. However…its initial impact are nothing to this swallowing monster. Radiation? Even the representatives here aren't afraid of it, much less this swallowing monster."

"That's why! Only the explosion at the start can harm it!"

Luo Feng nodded his head as he heard.

When a large amount of nuclear warheads explode, that initial explosion had temperatures that went up to over 20 million degrees…

"However, it has to be right on its body!"

For such an existence, the closer the better, the best would be inside its mouth! It's internal organs durability cannot compare to its outer scales, to detonate over 100 megatons of nuclear warheads in its mouth would blow its head right off!"

Luo Feng's eyes lit up as he heard.

100 megatons of nuclear warheads?

He didn't believe that wouldn't do the job!

……

Within his wrist cuff, Babata'a body stood.

"Detonating 100 megatons of nuclear warheads in its mouth?" Babata was eating an apple, shaking his head, "Wishful thinking. They obviously don't understand the swallowing beast…Its reputation is known far and wide in the vast universe, the golden horned beast, an elite bloodline even among the space beast."

"Even the low level civilizations, middle, high level civilizations all cannot belittle it."

"If it was so easy to kill, it wouldn't be a golden horned beast."

"it's a pity…I have too little knowledge on the golden horned beast. I'm not clear on its weaknesses." Babata felt helpless.

Even for undying beings, meeting the space beast was hard due to their small population.

They could be rated as rare and uncommon animals!

China's endangered animal was the panda bears, even now, several zoos didn't have variations of the pandas. The golden horned beast…even undying beings, Yun Mo Planet's master's 600 million years of life, travelling over countless galaxies, had never seen a gold horned beast.

Even the golden horned beast, for birth till death, such an incredibly long life of roaming the universe would probably never meet another of its kind!

It's population was small beyond compare!

Due to that factor, seeing one was hard enough, when one had the chance to meet one, it was even harder to get the chance to dissect and analyze one! And if one had the chance to dissect one, it was hard to research just what the beast had and its special abilities!

Hence!

In the vast universe, the knowledge on the space beast had always been blank! Even the undying beings weren't too clear, they just roughly knew. Maybe if the Yun Mo Planet's master had lived longer, with greater powers and met more warriors, they would have known more.

600 million years of undying, it was indeed young.

……

Virtual war god palace, meeting room.

"Attention all, now the biggest problem is…if we were to fly the ship with the nuclear warheads to him, it would shoot it down with a golden light. Within a 1000m radius, it would be destroyed, what do we do? Within a 1000m radius, even if it successfully detonated…even a star traveller warrior wouldn't be killed." That Russian with the big nose said.

"Attention all, to detonate the bombs on its body, we would only have one chance."

"Once we fail, with its intellect and the damage it would receive, I'm afraid it wouldn't let another ship close to itself again. We would have no more chances." The Russian said as he looked at everybody.

Suddenly…

Hong stood up: "When the time comes, we'll use my prehistoric level auto jet to deliver the bombs! With my auto jet's defensive abilities, unless it attacks it up close, even its golden lights wouldn't be able to destroy my auto jet. With the nuclear warheads in the autojet, once it gets close, the AI system will self detonate!"

"Thank you." The Russian with the big nose was elated.

Hong's prehistoric level auto jet was the earth's strongest battleship!

a universe level auto jet, it could forcefully go against an emperor grade monster.

Hong's prehistoric level, was even more capable of fighting a grand emperor level monster!

With its defensive abilities, it was even higher than Hong's! It was definitely one of Hong's greatest rewards from the archeological ruins.

"With this, the chances of detonating the warheads in the creature's mouth is high, much higher." The big nosed Russian was extremely excited, the earth's leading experts too were all elated.

Yet at that time…

Luo Feng creased his eyebrows, connecting his thoughts to Babata.

"Attention all." Luo Feng stood up.

Everyone in the meeting room turned over, looking at Luo Feng with suspicion. Hong and Thunder God too turned over curiously. Luo Feng wasn't a nuclear expert, nor was he a leader of a country, what could he say?

"Regarding the swallowing monster, I have some information." Luo Feng said seriously.

There was a sudden silence in the room.

"One, when the monster swallows, it warps the space around it. It isolates the things from the outside world. To control an auto jet to detonate from far away is impossible. Also…when it's swallowing, within that swallowing space, the auto jet and the nuclear warheads will automatically break apart, so the chances of trying to explode it within its mouth is very low!"

The moment he said those words, everyone's expressions changed.

This was the worst news they could receive!

"Two, this swallowing beast's power is indeed at the star level! Luo Feng said.

"Three, the only good news, is that it has a limit to how much it can swallow, it is not a bottomless pit. Just like how it chose to destroy the base instead of swallowing it."

"Luo Feng's voice resounded across the meeting room.

This 3rd news was the only good point, the first two were just devastating!

"Representative Luo, are you sure?"

"Are you very sure?"

The nuclear experts were all looking towards Luo Feng.

"Definitely." Luo Feng nodded, "This swallowing monster has the ability to swallow, digest, and absorb metal!"

"No wonder it ate the base."

"Damn, we are in trouble."

This news flustered a great number of people.

At this time Luo Feng walked towards Hong, Hong was still troubled over his news that the monster was at the star level.

"Head." Luo Feng looked at Hong.

"It looks like you've earned some rewards from this one year, you actually have precious information on this swallowing beast." Hong looked at Luo Feng, he didn't find it strange at all. There were many researchers on earth who dug into the archeological ruins. After becoming a representative, not researching would the weird thing.

"I would like to acquire a list of all of earth's archeological ruins." Luo Feng said seriously, "every archeological ruin's condition, I hope the list comes with some sort of description for each one."

"This is?" Hong was shocked.

"I want to see if we can find a powerful weapon from these ruins!" Luo Feng said.

Hong shook his head: "The list of Ancient ruins, along with their descriptions, I can give you. However, Luo feng, to find a weapon capable of killing a star level is too difficult. And even if there was one…I'd expect it to be corroded by now."

"I want to give it a try." Luo Feng didn't want to hesitate.

He had time, but humanity and earth didn't

Looking at Luo Feng's expression, Hong nodded his head seriously: "Alright, I'll immediately send over the list. However, you must be careful!"

"Yes." Luo Feng slightly nodded his head, his body suddenly disappeared from the virtual space, he had left the space.

"Humanity's survival is at stake."

Hong muttered, "Luo Feng is trying his best, everyone is trying their best, I really hope we can pass this calamity!"