Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 538: Luo Feng VS World Leader

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"Si Yong?" The silver haired youth Na Ke and his father were at a loss.

Si Yong was the world leader of this side of the world, a being like an emperor!

"Si Yong knows you are here and is rushing over." Luo Feng had discovered the purple clothed lady’s communicator after he killed her. Using his own AI to hack it, he was able to find out quite a lot.

"How were we discovered? I was very careful when I took my dad over." Na Ke was in disbelief.

"Because there’s a chip in your dad’s body." Luo Feng replied.

"What?" Na ke turned to look at his father. Nabu’s face was filled with suspicion. Na Ke quickly used his spirit energy to scan his father’s body, finally finding a little chip within the bone of his leg, immediately saying, "Father, bear with me, I’ll extract the chip."

Over his years of exploring, Na Ke had heard of the communication devices. Usually those equipped with them were all domain level.

A black light swept past Nabu’s leg and the device was immediately dug out. After which he used his spirit energy to pressure the wound, and with Nabu’s body structure, this little wound was nothing.

Luo Feng ordered the quantum computer, "Do a scan to see if there are any more devices in his body."

"Yes master." The AI shot out a signal scan, "Confirmed, only one device and its been extracted."

"Hm."

Luo Feng looked at the father and son before him. "Na Ke, Nabu, quickly leave…ah, right," He flipped his hand and retrieved a space ring, tossing it to Na Ke.

"This is?" Na Ke was stunned.

"Wealth." Luo Feng said.

Since he was leaving Blood River world, the currency of this world had no more use to him. However…through his hunt, he had acquired quite a massive amount of wealth. The amount he was giving them right now was about 100 times that of a city leader, Luo Feng didn’t even take out the rest.

Too much wasn’t a good thing for Na Ke. He had given enough.

"Hurry and leave." Luo Feng said. "The further the better…as for Si Yong, I’ll stall him for you!"

"Big brother Feng!" Na Ke couldn’t help but shout.

"Lord Feng, you…" Nabu too couldn’t believe it.

"Quickly go!" Luo Feng frowned, shouting coldly.

Na Ke and Nabu were afterall clean law abiding people that had been through much suffering. At this point, there wasn’t much else to say. Na Ke immediately brought his father, stepping on a spirit weapon and becoming a beam of light leaving.

Watching the two leave, Luo Feng smiled.

"Little Na Ke, during my trip here in Blood River continent, it was fate that made us meet each other. Your future depends on your own self now." Luo Feng said softly. After which he rushed into the skies and landed on the peak of a 1000m tall mountain. Standing alone on top, gazing into the distant horizon, "A domain lord has no challenge to me whatsoever, only a sector lord has some meaning!"

"Come Si Yong!"

Luo Feng stood there, the winds blew, he patiently waited.

…

A silver black disc appeared in the 15th cloud level above that mountain.

"According to the communication device coordinates, its right here." Almost like the ocean blue, dressed in black armor, Si Yong’s lips were thin and cold. He vanished from the ship and became a black beam of light rushing downwards through the 15th, 14th…

Right till the 1st cloud level heading towards that forest.

Suddenly!

He stopped in mid air, frowning as he looked at the majestic peak of the mountain. There stood a black clothed man.

"I’m called…"He stared hard at him, "Feng!"

"Feng!" Si Yong unleashed his world energy, immediately discovering the purple clothed lady’s body, his facial muscles twitched, "My disciple…"

"Dead." The black clothed man said coldly, "I killed her!"

Si Yong’s eyes were like lightning, struggling, he roared, "You actually dare kill my disciples in my territory, you are but a small domain level…"

"If you want to battle, cut the chatter, let’s fight." The black clothed man’s eyes were piercing, filled with fighting spirit.

Si yong was taken aback. A domain level challenging a world level? What joke was that.

After he was stunned, he turned to rage!

"Haha, haha…" Si Yong laughed , "Today will be your funeral!"

The cold mountain breeze howled, Luo Feng’s blood however was burning and boiling. The blue haired man before him was a sector lord. Just from his energy alone, he should be about sector lord 4 or 5.

Domain level 9 challenging sector lord 4 or 5?

And there was a breakthrough in between?

Madness!

Even the strongest genius of the universe wouldn’t attempt something like that, because the level difference was too huge. Just strength alone was tens of times different! What’s more…a sector lord could use a side of his world to pressure his enemy. Even if the enemy was strong, no one would be that crazy.

Only Luo Feng dared to do something so insane! In terms of genius…he was now comparable to Bolan, the pinnacle of the universe humans. And right now he was a favoured of space, the universe’s strongest assassins…Mosha clansman!

"Domain level 9 against a sector lord 4 or 5?" Luo Feng stared ahead at Si Yong in mid air, as his spirits were burning wildly.

…

The two suddenly grew silent.

One stood above the majestic peak, and one in mid air. The two who faced off were completely silent.

"Rumble…"Suddenly the land and skies changed colors. The black armored Si Yong floated in mid air, his long hair flying, his gaze shooting out glaring beams of light. Laughing loudly, "You think you can fight me?" Immediately the mountain stones, including the mountain Luo Feng was standing on began to crumble.

Countless amounts of rubble rose up and floated in mid air.

A blur of stones floated all over.

"Go!" Si Yong pointed at Luo Feng, coldly ordering.

Hu…

Like a mad tornado, countless stones passed through space. This was tens of millions of times more crazy than ten million arrows being shot, and all of them engulfed Luo Feng, almost as though it wanted to turn his entire body into a target! Si Yong was a sector lord level 5, even though he was controlling so many stones, every one of them had the power to kill a domain lord level 9. Hence, with so many gathered, the power was terrifying!

Using pure power to suppress his enemy!

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

Under the attacks of countless stones, the mountains crumbled and every one of them began to fall. Countless trees fell, the ripple from every stone’s attack clashed time and again. Thousands of km were affected by the countless high powered ripples, decimating and razing the surroundings to the ground.

"Your stones fly too slowly." A voice resounded.

Si Yong turned fiercely, and on his left stood Luo Feng. He was shocked within, "This punk Feng is so fast. His instantaneous speed is definitely much faster than me! Much faster!"

"Use your real strength, otherwise killing you will be pointless." Luo Feng flipped his hand and a blood shadow blade appeared. He stared at his opponent, as his eyes burned with spirit.

Shua!

Luo Feng immediately rushed forward, his rushing speed was extremely quick. Even though he was prepared, Si Yong was still shocked. His options were limited, quickly projecting his internal world, the vast world energy immediately warped and changed everything within the 1,000 li area!

The scenery changed, it was a destroyed mountain range in the night before.

Now however it was an endless ocean, the water below even had an ice mountain.

"Hm?" Luo Feng immediately felt the terrifying pressure, almost as though his entire body was shackled.

"This is the true power of a sector lord, the strongest trump card a sector lord can use against a domain lord…an entire world? Indeed its powerful. With the pressure of the world, all of my powers will decrease in strength!" Luo Feng licked his lips, his eyes burning even more, "This is thrilling, fighting with everything!"

Shua!

Under the pressure of the world, over 10 thousand Luo Feng’s appeared in the air above the ocean. The appearance of the blur of images made Si Yong shocked.

"My god, even with my world pressure he still can form over 10 thousand images? This, this…his comprehension of the space laws, just what level has he reached? "Si Yong was completely stunned. Not even mentioning Blood River world, even in the universe there were extremely few people of this level.

"Hua!" Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

A resplendent flash of a blade could be seen, which was extremely glaring and intoxicating… The moment it flashed, the surrounding space seemed to be subdued, and a formless space energy pressured on Si Yong’s region. Through the space pressure…he was able to battle the world pressure!

"Just what level have his space laws reached?" As Si Yong was shocked. One black and one white awl appeared before him.

Dang!

The white awl brought with it endless ice cold energy, as the surroundings froze into ice and snow and attacked Luo Feng’s blade!

"Chi!" Luo Feng felt his body tremble and fresh blood spurting out from his mouth. Simultaneously he shouted, "Illusion!"

Hu!

His body immediately became a blur, the surroundings became nothing but a blur of images. This made Si Yong get even more serious. Suddenly a blur of silhouettes seem to teleport right beside him, simultaneously the brutal and powerful energy of a blade slashed right at Si Yong.

"Block." Si Yong retreated abruptly, simultaneously using the black awl to defend.

"Dang!"

The powerful blade actually knocked away the black awl, its strong slash sliced right at Si Yong’s neck.

"Rumble!" Four shields appeared beside Si Yong’s body and they floated around him. Luo Feng’s blade hit one of them head on…knocking Si Yong’s entire body backwards by 100 km.

The Mosha clansman’s strongest trump card!

Illusionary 7 blades…Burial!

Before coming to Blood River world, his strongest move was the dutchman’s pipe. And because of how the golden horned beast had been studying the 1st claw and had fast comprehension of it, this 1st claw became Luo Feng’s strongest move. The 1st claw was very similar to Burial.

Studying the 1st claw had made his comprehension of Burial soar. After 80 years, this move instead became the Mosha clansman’s strongest move!

Burial, why burial?

Using one’s full strength, even sacrificing himself to unleash the most brutal and intrepid attack! It was incredibly powerful!

Si Yong who was knocked back had an ugly expression. Looking at the 4 shields before him, his eyes focused once more. "I was actually forced to use my world, defensive weapons and spirit weapons all in a short amount of time. This, this…" Before this, Si Yong never would have thought that he’d be forced by a domain lord to use all his tricks.

"Yayaya!!!" Si Yong’s entire face was flushed red. He roared and stared at the distant Luo Feng. "Punk, I’ll let you know that a domain level cannot defeat a world level. It’s just impossible!!!"