Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 543: The Worth of the Blood River Crystals

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

His earning were already considered excellent. Back in primal chaos city with the 10 times reward he earned quite a bit. After buying the 1st 2 volumes of Time Space scribbles he still had 20,360 points left.

After that, he consecutively passed the 1st 9 islands of Fantasy Ocean, gaining 51,100 points.

And during the time he spent in Blood River world, he passed the heavenly bridge’s 6th level, gaining 3,200 points.

A total of 74,660 points!

The 1st volume of Time space scribbles was only 1000 points. The first two required 10k points, the first three required 100k points, first four was 1 million…it’s compounded. Especially for all 9 volumes, the entire set reached 100 billion points. This was something even the universe country leaders could only stare at.

And, there wasn’t any discount!

The amount required to pay for these was like choosing a bottomless pit.

"Looks like I have to confirm the end of the mission before I can purchase the 3rd volume." Luo Feng gently clicked and closed the treasure trove document. He then proceeded to open the Management file and chose Training, very quickly entering the training page. He chose to confirm the end of his mission.

"How do you do, your majesty Luo Feng." A gentle voice resounded from the screen. "You are requesting to confirm the end of your mission?"

"Yes." Luo Feng nodded. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

"May I ask, of the two missions in Blood River world, which did you finish?" The gentle voice continued.

"Both of them." Luo Feng replied.

"Please wait a moment your majesty. A universe ship will arrive shortly at your star fragment to verify. After the verification, your majesty will acquire the points designated as the reward." The gentle voice spoke.

Indeed, about 8 hours later.

A grey blade shaped universe ship that was 100m long landed on the star fragment. Luo Feng led his sector lord Ao Duo and others to welcome them.

"How do you do your majesty Luo Feng." Three black uniformed men and women walked out of the cabin door. The leading black uniformed man said, "Please enter the ship, your guards need not follow."

"Alright." Luo Feng nodded.

He entered this blade like ship and quickly reached a specific verification cabin.

"When your majesty has entered the cabin, just act according to the AI’s instructions." The three of them were humble and respectful. In terms of strength they were all sector lords. But, as their talent in battle wasn’t that high, they belonged to the management and chore side of the company. However even in these departments, they had different statuses.

The things these three handled were considered more core. They too knew that the geniuses from this batch’s genius competition, Bolan, Rong Jun and Luo Feng were heavily favored. Naturally, their attitude was humble.

If they were to meet some other geniuses who were not necessarily outstanding, they would do their job simply as is, with a cold face. Why would they even be humble about it.

"Hm." Luo Feng nodded, stepping into the cabin.

Within.

The electronic voice resounded, "Please take out one blood river crystal and place it on the desk."

Luo Feng placed one crystal on the alloy desk.

"1st mission of acquiring one crystal, complete. Points awarded 10k." The electronic voice said. "Luo Feng please prove that you are a blood warrior and place the blood river medal on the desk."

Chi!

The cloud contact armor on his body automatically separated, revealing his bare chest. Luo Feng triggered the blood river energy within and a red engraving appeared on his chest. Even though it was simple, it was complete and infused with incredibly mysterious energy and power. This in turn, completely raised Luo Feng’s melding with the universe laws and energy by one fold. Simultaneously, he tossed out the blood river medal onto the table too.

The blue light scanned Luo Feng and the table.

"Verified!"

"Luo Feng, congratulations on completing the 2nd mission, becoming a blood warrior and acquiring a blood river medal. Points awarded 100k." The voice spoke.

Luo Feng smiled immediately.

"Luo Feng." A cold lady’s voice suddenly resounded. "I’m messaging you via the virtual universe network. This contact will be classified and divulging of this contact is forbidden."

"Ah…" Luo Feng was stunned.

"Yes." Luo Feng reacted.

Classified?

What classified?

"Don’t be nervous, we interview anyone that enters Blood River world." The cold lady’s voice sounded. "Since you were able to become a blood warrior and were able to hand in one more crystal. I assume that you should still have extra blood river crystals on you."

Luo Feng was shocked.

Blood river crystals…

He couldn’t even see any way to buy this within the treasure trove!

"The blood river crystal is unique only to Blood River world. Even in the vast universe, it’s regarded as an extremely mysterious and valuable crystal. Hence, it is very important. Among our human race, It is considered as a prohibited item, prohibited as in it’s forbidden to buy and sell this item. The moment such an action is discovered, the Virtual Universe company, Huge Axe dojo, Universe Mercenary alliance, Universe 1st bank, and Universe Galaxy bank will immediately act and collect all the crystals and punish the person heavily."

Luo Feng was shocked.

Prohibited item?

Just like how star annihilator cannon was an extremely rare item to the universe countries, this crystal was actually a prohibited item and forbidden from sale?

"The way you acquired your crystals was legal and appropriate, we will not snatch them from you." The cold lady continued. "However, there are certain things you need to know. You are definitely not allowed to sell it to others, and can only use it for yourself. If you wish to give them to others…please first send a request to our Virtual Universe company. Once the request gets approved, you can then pass it on to that individual. Also, if you wish to sell the crystals, our Virtual Universe company will be in charge of purchasing them from you. Each crystal will be worth 600 points."

Luo Feng’s heart was beating fast within.

He had many crystals!

Of course there was nowhere else in the universe that these crystals can be found in, only in Blood River world. However, the amount of crystals in Blood River world was plenty. But now, he was finding out from this higher level member of the Virtual Universe company, that it was prohibited. So much so that even giving them as a gift required permission, and if the request didn’t go through, he couldn’t even gift them!

"The Virtual Universe company has many geniuses. In theory, with so many crystals, giving three to each of them shouldn’t be anything." Luo Feng thought. "However it’s obvious that the 5 leviathans are controlling it very strictly."

"Are you willing to sell your crystals?" The cold voice resounded.

600 points for 1!

Luo Feng currently had close to 10k crystals. If he sold them all, he would get over 5 million points.

My god.

That was a huge sum! Because according to what Luo Feng knew, the undyings could exchange money for points,1 mixed element for 1 point.

"If I had known, I would have acquired more." Luo Feng thought.

"Are you willing to sell your crystals?" The cold voice asked again.

"I don’t have that many, I wish to continue to absorb them." Luo Feng said.

"Hm." The cold voice didn’t continue about the matter. "Our conversation ends here, whatever was said today is classified and not to be divulged."

"Yes." Luo Feng nodded.

After which an electronic voice resounded within the cabin, "Luo Feng, the verification is over, you may leave." Simultaneously, the door opened.

…

Standing on the grass, he looked up at the blade shaped ship swiftly vanish into space. Luo Feng had a frown on his face.

"Luo Feng, I dare guarantee, that the blood river crystals should still have some other special uses! If it were simply for absorption, the Virtual Universe company need not keep such a tight reign over it, and be so stingy to its geniuses." Babata shouted. "There’s only one answer. And that is, that they have other uses for it, and I dare say that it's for the absolute warriors amongst the undying, or even the universe country leaders and knights. Hence, they are prohibited items."

Babata’s views were much more vast than Luo Feng’s.

Back then, he had followed Hu Yan Bo throughout the universe to explore, and experienced the dangers of life and death battles, while mostly dealing with undyings! Naturally he saw things much clearer.

"Ah?" Luo Feng thought.

"Geniuses are geniuses. However, the true pillars of humanity are the undyings, like True Yan emperor and so on. And then there are even stronger knights and universe country leaders. These eternal beings are the true pillars of humanity in the vast universe. As for the items they require, naturally they wouldn’t let you geniuses have them. Didn’t they already give you the chance to enter Blood River world? Giving you that one chance is already good enough of them." Babata said.

Luo Feng nodded and communicated through his consciousness, "I understand! I just felt that the blood river crystals were very important, hence I didn’t sell them."

Close to 10k crystals…

If he wanted to sell them, there will always be a chance in the future. But until he discovered if they had any other uses, he couldn’t bear to sell them.

"Selling is easy, but buying is hard. As it’s a prohibited item, there’s nowhere else to buy from." Luo Feng thought.

Virtual universe, Yu Xiang mountain, absolute beginning region.

Luo Feng once again entered and sat at his desk. He opened the treasure trove file in his laptop and discovered that his points had changed.

Points, 184,660.

"It’s enough now."

Luo Feng smiled and swiftly opened the technique file, quickly finding the extremely expensive Time Space Scribbles. After having tasted its benefits, he didn’t even hesitate and immediately chose to buy the first three volumes. There was no other way, no way to simply buy just one volume. Hence, he could only do it this way.

"Exchange successful!"

"Deducting 100k points, remaining points 84,660."

"Please wait a while, someone will deliver it immediately."

The page had three consecutive notifications.

Looking at his remaining points, Luo Feng couldn’t help but exclaim, earning the points really wasn’t easy. He took 80 years to finally absorb all three crystals, and that was because his willpower was incredibly sturdy, and he was able to rush into the whirlpool core. Otherwise, how long would it take, if he stayed outside the core for him to complete the 2nd mission?

100k points was indeed hard to earn!

"The true reward this time is still the close to 10k blood river crystals. Getting so many of them was still much easier than actually absorbing the three. And the virtual universe is willing to pay 600 points for each of them. I can sell them anytime, buying them however is impossible!" Luo Feng understood, only universe level geniuses could accept this mission.

Once he reached domain lord level and head out into the fields, there was absolutely no chance of acquiring more crystals.

"Blood river crystals!"

"Their true worth definitely isn’t just 600 points, I’ll just wait. Maybe it’ll give me a surprise in the future." Luo Feng thought.