Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 544: Attempting Sky Mountain

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

After a while, at the entrance of the Absolute beginning region entrance.

"Your majesty Luo Feng, this is the case of manuals we just received, it’s what you ordered." Lady Fox waved her bushy tail and handed over the case.

"Thanks." Luo Feng received the silver case.

It was finally here!

This was the 3rd manual of Time Space scribbles that was worth 100k points, (as he had already acquired the first two volumes, the Virtual Universe company only sent him the 3rd).

Carrying it, he turned and rose into the sky.

"Luo Feng, you mad man, stay there!" A voice resounded.

Luo Feng turned around to look. In the distance, a silver light landed on the grass. It was the silver armored black haired youth Wuka. This manka prince’s body growth was indeed slow. Even after such a long time, he still hadn’t fully matured.

"Why are you shouting at me?" Luo Feng smiled and walked over.

"In our past, we have had few star fragment meetings, even had the huge party for the absolute beginning members. But, you’ve yet to attend even one of them. Damn, recently even in the virtual universe you’ve completely disappeared." As he spoke, he punched Luo Feng in the chest unhappily.

Luo Feng was initially shaken but diffused the punch.

"These past few months have been critical, hence I haven’t come online." Luo Feng explained. These past few months, he had acquired the beast god statue and had a miraculous encounter in Tian Shi palace. It has indeed been a few months since he’s come online.

"Ah, Luo Feng." Wuka’s face grew mysterious, as he said softly, "Let me tell you a secret."

"What secret?" Luo Feng asked curiously.

"I just came from the Battle arena, and I got some news. Today, Bolan attempted the heavenly bridge." Wuka said softly.

"Again?" Luo Feng was shocked.

Every 3 levels of the bridge was a breakthrough point. The higher the levels, the harder it got!

1-3 levels, 4-6 levels, 7-9…

He had spent 80 years in Blood River world. Bolan, Long Yun, Rong Jun, Wuka, Qian Shui, Jia Lai Xi etc all had chosen their own paths, all improving both slow and quick. However, everybody would still occasionally attempt the heavenly bridge! During which most of them had all improved.

However!

Bolan was on the 6th level back in primal chaos city, and over these 80 years, this absolute genius had been working hard. However, he still hadn’t passed the 7th level of the bridge! It was obvious that the 7th level was extremely difficult!

Right now, in his batch…

Three people had reached the 6th level, Bolan, Rong Jun and himself! Bolan and himself had long reached the 6th level. Rong Jun just managed to do it after 80 years.

And there were four people on the 5th level currently.

"He attempted it again, did he pass?" Luo Feng asked.

"Hehe." Wuka mocked softly. "That proud punk, he just failed two years ago and attempted again today. However, he still failed…haha…would the 7th level be that easy? The difference in difficulty from the 6th to the 7th, is even more than the difficulty from levels 1 to 6 added together!"

"Failed?" Luo Feng nodded.

Right.

His 80 years had many miraculous encounters. The three bodies were all working in unison, along with the raised comprehension and melding from blood river energy. Even after all this, he still didn’t have a guarantee of passing the 7th level.

"Work hard." Wuka said. "Rong Jun, that Savage had just reached the 6th level not long ago. It’ll be at least a few hundred years before he reaches the 7th. Right now in out batch, the fastest to reach the 7th is only you and Bolan! Luo Feng, you have to live up to the reputation of our absolute beginning’s three heroes."

"Get lost." Luo Feng couldn’t help but laugh and scold him.

Absolute beginning’s three heroes?

Hearing that name, he had goosebumps all over. This was because, among this new batch of geniuses, himself, Rong Jun and Wuka, were close, and their performance was good. Naturally, others would lump them as a group. This prince Wuka however was very proud of the title of absolute beginning’s three heroes.

Luo Feng wasn’t used to it, Rong Jun too would frown dissatisfied, Wuka however was very proud.

"I won’t speak anymore to you, I’ll return first." Luo Feng said.

"Ah, what did you buy?" Wuka looked curiously at the briefcase in Luo Feng’s hands.

"Time space scribbles." Luo Feng said.

"3 volumes? That’s 100k points!" Wuka stared wide eyed, saying, "You ruthless, you sure are wealthy!"

Luo Feng didn’t chat more and immediately flew up. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Sou!

He soared through the skies and quickly returned to his villa.

…

Within the study, he sat before his desk and held his breath as he opened the case.

Within it was a thick metal book. This book was 50cm long, 40cm wide and its thickness reached a shocking 50cm. Just how big was it? A half a meter thick book, was much thicker than both earlier volumes. The entire book was still using the gold colored metal pages, and there were a total of 1,000 pages.

"The 3rd volume!"

Luo Feng looked like a hungry wolf staring at a sheep. His eyes gleamed, and he didn’t care about anything else, immediately opening and beginning to study it.

…

This Time space scribbles’ 3rd volume reflected the Rainstorm picture. As he studied this, the golden horned beast still focused on studying the beast god statue’s Tearing sky and land everyday, focusing on the 1st claw. These two will resonated and Luo Feng’s level simply rose at a very obvious rate.

Learning is easy, application and fully grasping it however is difficult. Truly comprehending the 108 wonders was an extremely hard thing to do!

Luo Feng was currently working on the Rainstorm picture with a slight sense of comprehension.

…

"Luo Feng, there’s mail. It’s from the Virtual Universe company." Within the training grounds, Luo Feng sat crossed on the alloy ground. He flipped the thick Time space scribbles before him, and occasionally controlled the Nan Shen Armament to practice, as countless dark gold little blades floated and danced in mid air.

"Ah?"

Luo Feng’s thoughts moved.

Shua!

Countless little golden blades acted like birds returning to their nest, all entering the dark golden long rod on his back.

"Mail?" Luo Feng immediately pointed in mid air and a screen appeared, and on it displayed was the mail he just received.

"Secret region qualification battle?" Luo Feng looked at the subject. With a thought, he quickly opened and read on.

The level of the Virtual Universe company’s core members were separated, from high to low, and also into the primal region, absolute beginning, Sky and Land and Last Phase regions.

It wasn’t such that if one entered the Absolute beginning region, he would remain in there forever! There was intense competition amongst the core members. The weak were knocked back into the lower regions and the strong would remain. The stronger ones even got to proceed into the higher region! Competition was always present!

If one didn’t work hard…

During the genius battle, one may be the number one genius, entering the primal region. However if he didn’t work hard, he may be knocked down into the absolute beginning region during the secret region qualifications. During the 2nd time, he may be knocked into the sky and land region!

Resources were limited!

The human talents were unlimited!

As time passed, new batches of genius would always present themselves. If one’s strength didn’t match the absolute beginning region, he would naturally fall into the sky and land region.

…

Yu Xiang mountain’s primal region members, according to strength were separated into sector lord, domain lord and universe level.

Within the primal region, there were 100 sector lords, 10 domain lords and 3 universe levels!

Absolute beginning region, 1,000 sector lords, 100 domain lords and 30 universe levels!

Sky and land region, 10,000 sector lords, 1,000 domain lords and 300 universe levels!

Last phase region…if a core member failed the competition, he would be dropped into the last phase region, this was the final step.

Of which…

The universe level members would compete every 100 years!

The domain lords would compete every 1,000 years!

The sector lords would compete every 100,000 years! As the sector lords would mostly be stuck at the pinnacle for very very long. Hence, every 10,000 years the Virtual Universe company would organize a genius battle and hero battle, during which, it absorbed a few geniuses here and there, along with some genius sector lords that pop out later. Thus, the number of sector lord geniuses were the most. Even with 100 slots on the primal region namelist, the competition was still extremely intense.

100 slots…

For the many from the genius battles, hero battles and others to compete for.

…

Luo Feng thought as he looked at the screen, "Qualification battle?"

"I’m currently universe level. This means that there’ll be a battle every 100 years, and its beginning in 6 years?" Luo Feng thought. "From the mail, the primal region slots have extremely intense competition, and not just from people from the same batch. One will also battle with the earlier generations and seniors."

"The qualification battle is very tragic!"

"However, to enter the primal region, other than the qualification battle, there’s actually another way?" Luo Feng smiled as he looked at the mail.

The Last Phase members want to enter the Sky and Land region.

The Sky and Land members want to enter the Absolute beginning region.

The absolute beginning members want to enter the primal region!

How is this supposed to happen?

There were two ways. One, was the qualification battles and the second was attempting Sky mountain!

The qualification battles belonged to a large scale elimination battle. The universe level members would compete amongst each other, finally picking the victors. This occurred every 100 years. And at sector lord level…it took place every 100,000 years!

However attempting Sky mountain was different.

The core members could attempt at anytime. There were a total of three sky mountains…primal sky mountain, absolute beginning sky mountain and sky and land sky mountain. If one Last phase member were to pass all three sky mountains consecutively, then he would immediately rise to become a primal region member!

"According to the mail, as long as I pass the primal region sky mountain, I can enter the primal region?" Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

"I’ll give it a shot!"

"After studying the 3rd volume of the Time space scribbles for a couple of months, my understanding of the rainstorm picture has grown. I can even maintain Blade world for 30 seconds now! During a battle between the strong, 30 seconds is enough." Luo Feng thought, "I’ll attempt the primal region sky mountain."

Virtual universe, a specially opened space.

There was a huge piece of land there, and on it were three majestic mountains. Each one higher than the other!

"This is the Sky mountain?" Luo Feng carried on his back the dark golden long rod and looked up at the three majestic mountains. At the halfway mark of each of the 3 were glowing golden words, Sky and Land, Absolute beginning, Primal! Of which, the primal sky mountain was even bigger and taller!

Sou!

Luo Feng became a beam of light and flew straight at the primal sky mountain.