Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 546: Five Warriors

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"Teacher?" Luo Feng stood up. His demeanor was humble. Simultaneously, he opened the screen.

On the screen, one could see a pavilion, which was erected on a reef, and below it was True Yan emperor lifting a wine glass. in the distance behind him was a luxurious and majestic palace, and on it were two large golden words True Yan.

"That should be his shrine in Thunder Island." Luo Feng thought.

"Luo Feng." On the screen, True Yan smiled and shouted.

"Teacher." Luo Feng bowed respectfully.

"You should have already received the mail the Virtual Universe company had sent." He said, eyes mocking, "Don’t you really wish to make it into the primal region?"

"Hm." Luo Feng nodded. After which, he shook his head helplessly and said, "Teacher, after reading the mail, I learnt that there were two ways to enter the primal region. One of them was the qualification battles and second was the Sky mountain. I just went to try the sky mountain…"

"Pffff!" True Yan spat out the wine, and his golden furred face started laughing, "You said you just attempted sky mountain?"

"Hm." Luo Feng nodded.

"Failed?"

"Hm." Luo Feng nodded.

"It’d be weird if you didn’t!" True Yan couldn’t help but mock him. "Looks like you really don’t know anything about the sky mountain."

"I just read the mail and found out about it." Luo Feng said.

True Yan couldn’t stop laughing. "3 sky mountains, the core members can attempt them anytime! As long as one passes it, he’ll immediately rise to a higher region. It sounds perfect, however, do you think the difficulty would be that simple? Do you remember your 7 storey pagoda trial during the genius battle?"

Luo Feng nodded.

He had lost at the 6th storey’s 1st level of the pagoda, and Bolan actually made it to the 7th storey.

"There is a reason behind it!"

"The 7 storey pagoda was set up so that there’s almost no hope of passing!" True Yan said. "This sky mountain is the same! The difficulty is extremely high. Yet, you wish to enter the primal region by passing sky mountain? I’ll tell you this, even if the primal region universe level members all went, none of them would be able to pass their own primal sky mountain."

Luo Feng was stunned.

Even if it’s the primal region members, none of them could pass the primal sky mountain?

"Do you understand?"

"If you can pass the primal sky mountain, that would mean you are even stronger than the same leveled primal region members! Naturally, they’d give you the position then." True Yan said, "As for just how hard it is, you’ve already tried it. Where did you fail, foot? Mid or peak?"

"Foot." Luo Feng was somewhat ashamed, "I killed two of them, before I failed."

"Being able to kill two is already not bad. How long have you been nurtured in the Virtual Universe Company?" True Yan said. "As for the difficulty of the sky mountain, the foot, mid and peak all have three guardians."

"The guardians are all fighter, spirit reader controller and hypnotist."

"The three of them will gang up on you."

"Even if the three of them are weaker than you by a little, with their combined forces, and by working together, they become extremely strong." True Yan said. "The mid mountain guardians are 10 times stronger than the foot! The peak guardians are 10 times stronger than the mid section!"

Luo Feng stared, "How can that be? Doesn’t that mean that the peak guardians are 100 times stronger than the ones at the foot?"

"Right, 100 times." True Yan nodded.

"When unleashing the blade world, I can maintain it for 30 seconds. Unleashing blade world at universe level 9, even in the vast universe, wouldn’t that be absolute already?" Luo Feng was clear on his status, True Yan nodded, "Yes it’s absolute."

"I’m almost able to pass the mountain foot, and yet the peak guardians are 100 times stronger?" Luo Feng couldn’t help but shout out, "How can a universe level 9 pass it?"

It was hard to imagine.

At universe level 9, there was still someone 100 times stronger.

He was able to unleash the blade world! And his willpower and consciousness was able to defend against hypnotism!

"Right, how can one pass?"

True Yan laughed too, "Hence, even the primal region universe level members cannot pass it!"

Luo Feng was stunned.

"The primal sky mountain is a benchmark! It was placed there for people to aspire at, for people to feel like they have a goal, and to never feel proud." True Yan said. "Hence, if you wish to rise to the primal region, the true path is the qualification battles!"

"Teacher?" Luo Feng thought.

On the screen True Yan emperor looked at him.

"Has anyone ever passed the primal sky mountain?" Luo Feng asked.

"Yes! Of course! And quite a few in fact!" True Yan smiled and nodded. "In this vast universe, with it’s countless humans, many of them have had miraculous encounters. There are also strong characters with extremely high comprehension and great physiques…what hasn’t there been? In the vast history, just how many geniuses have there been?"

"You and Bolan are but geniuses of the last 10,000 eras. And how long has the primal universe been around for?"

"Within the endless periods of time, geniuses stronger than you and Bolan by 10 to 100 hundred times have appeared, everything has happened before." True Yan shook his head. "The chances of a genius becoming a strong warrior are extremely high. However, there is still a large amount of them that fall. Back during my generation, of course 10s of thousands of years earlier, there was one called Kedi. He was named as a one in one hundred million eras genius!

"Universe level, domain lord, and sector lord, these 3 periods, he directly passed the primal sky mountain, which is extremely miraculous and beyond compare. When he was in the outfield battles, he simply shocked the other races. During sector lord level, he was able to kill an undying with the title official!"

"A group of universe country leaders and knights competed to accept him as their disciples. Finally, it was the primal chaos city leader that accepted him."

Luo Feng was stunned.

Treating the primal sky mountain as a game? Sector lord level able to kill an undying with the title official? A group of universe country leaders and knights fighting to take him in?

Madness!

"And finally?" True Yan shook his head, "In a particular universe secret region, he died. When he died, he was sector lord pinnacle."

Luo Feng blinked hard.

"Saying someone is a genius, maybe if it’s within a galaxy, indeed he would be number 1. However in a star field? In a universe country? In the entire humanity?" True Yan smiled, "Even if you are the number 1 genius in the universe of humanity, that’s only 1 period of time. In 10,000 years, 10,000 eras, hundred million eras, the entire history of humanity? What are you against that."

Luo Feng couldn’t help but nod.

"One should be confident, but not arrogant." True Yan shook his head, "That Bolan is too proud. Yet he doesn’t know that the group of universe country leaders don’t even favor him. Over their long life, they’ve already seen many geniuses similar to him."

"I understand."

"I will work hard, if others can pass the primal sky mountain, I too will work hard." Luo Feng said.

On the screen, True Yan was slightly taken aback before nodding.

"My reason for calling is to warn you about the qualification matches." True Yan said. "These matches, firstly it is an internal battle within the absolute beginning region! There are a total of 38 in that region. The original 30, plus the 8 of you new people."

Luo Feng nodded.

"38 decisive battles, picking out the top 3."

"The strongest 3 will have the right to challenge the people of the primal region. Of course, very few have ever succeeded." True Yan said, "What I want to talk about now is your internal battle between the 38."

"You, Rong Jun and the rest of the 8 are all new people."

"And as for the old people of the universe level, some of them have been nurtured for 1,000 years, and many for thousands of years." True Yan said. "Right now, of these 30 old people, 5 have passed the 7th level of the heavenly bridge and 25 have passed the 6th."

Luo Feng couldn’t help but stare.

This, this…

30 old people, 5 have passed the 7th level? And the rest have all passed the 6th?

"That’s not strange at all. If Wuka and the rest train for thousands of years, they’d all be able to pass the 6th level as well." True Yan said. "Time, that’s the power of time! Your talents may be high, but they’ve trained longer."

"Why have they not broken through to domain lord after so long?" Luo Feng couldn’t help but ask.

That was simply bullying.

The new people would be crushed. 30 old people and 5 of them had already passed the 7th level!

"Bottleneck, to these geniuses, they can definitely pass it in a 1,000 years." True Yan poured his wine, downing the glass and pouring yet another. "However, the universe level is one that allows them to take missions and earn points! And it is also a good time to lay down solid foundations, naturally their achievements would be higher later."

"Since their life spans are long, what’s thousands of years in the universe level?"

"No one is stupid, they are all taking the chance to earn points."

"And because of this, one can only take 10 missions every 100 years! And the safe level, normal, difficult, dangerous, suicide levels, every one of them have limits to how many you can take." True Yan said.

"This, this is simply bullying." Luo Feng couldn’t help but say.

"They too were once new people." On the screen True Yan said. "You are still ok, staying in the absolute beginning region shouldn’t be a problem. However Wuka and the rest of them, they’d probably be knocked back into the sky and land region."

Luo Feng was silent.

"Your greatest enemies are those 5, the 5 who’ve passed the 7th level of the heavenly bridge." True Yan said. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"5, the 5 from the 30 old people?" Luo Feng frowned.

5 great warriors.

The talents of these 5 people were at least Wuka’s level, and with such long time to train and grow, they would have taken many missions and had much experience.

"Work hard."

"Your opponents are them." True Yan said. "This is your first qualification battle. There’s not much of a chance to enter the primal region. My request for you is for you to make it into the top 3 of the absolute beginning!"

After the call ended, Luo Feng sat in his room for awhile.

"My initial plan was to make it into the primal region. But the old people of the absolute beginning are actually that strong…teacher wishes for me to make it into the top 3?" Luo Feng thought. "A soldier that doesn’t wish to become general is not a good soldier. If I don’t even dare to dream about entering the primal region, than I’d be useless."

"This time!"

"I definitely have to make it into the primal region!"

"6 years, I still have 6 years." Luo Feng thought. As for these next 6 years, he already gave up on the initial plan. He already had a general idea for his plan for the next 6 years.

"My strengths!"

"My advantage is my strength and I will further strengthen them as much as possible."