Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 549: Change

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Virtual universe, primal region, Bolan’s training grounds was currently an ice land.

There was enough snow to bury a person up to his knees.

Bolan sat crossed legged in the snow, topless with his eyes shut.

"Bolan." A cold voice resounded.

Hua!

Bolan stood up and the snow fell in all directions, and he turned to look. A tall and skinny man with eyes like a venomous snake, and a body rippling with origin laws, appeared in the ice land, gazing over him, "Luo Feng has already passed the 7th level. Why, are you not affected by it?"

"Teacher." Bolan bowed, not speaking more.

Primal region members had an undying specially catered to teach them, and according to their needs, they can even change for a different undying teacher!

This one before him was an official level undying.

"Stupid, what a joke." The man’s cold eyes gazed at Bolan. "Are you so stupid that you are still insisting on your old ways?"

"Teacher, I’ve thought it through." Bolan bowed.

"Speak." The cold man said.

"I admit I was too proud before, and too over confident." Bolan said softly. "The study of the Universe primal chaos tablet, I’ve decided to focus on the space laws."

"That’s wise!" The cold man revealed a smile.

Just like how a parent who makes a decision for their children, but they are obstinate in their ways. However…when the child grows up and discovers that the path his parent chose for them is the right choice.

One theory.

Bolan’s decision was a wise one. When he was young, many warriors weren’t as talented as he was, hence his choice had always been right. However…with regards to the problem of which tablet to pick in primal chaos city, the ones giving him advice were undyings and even universe country leaders were afraid of the geniuses falling.

Undyings and even universe country leaders, just how high were their perspectives?

Their long eternal lives has resulted in them seeing how many generations of geniuses pass? Their suggestions…were a result of their experience!

Maybe…

If Bolan continued down this path, in 10,000 years, 100,000 years, a million years, he would still become an absolute warrior amongst the undying. However, Luo Feng of the same generation would have far left him in his dust.

"Your space talent is the most absurd i’ve ever seen." The cold man said. "Even compared to the legendary geniuses of before, just your space talent is top class. Your decision is very wise! You should celebrate having such a rival like Luo Feng in the same generation!"

"Because of him, he’s shocked you." The cold man said.

Bolan was silent, his eyes however gleamed in a new way.

Luo Feng?

"Since you’ve made the decision, then we’ll begin according to the plan I’ve constructed." The cold man said. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

…

The universe tablet was one that trained in space and time. However over a trillion years, just how many were able to work on both space and time and improve at the same speed?

Hence, there were 3 ways to study the universe tablet.

One of them was to have time as the main and space as secondary.

Another was space as the main and time as secondary.

The last was training both at the same time.

If the 3rd option was accomplished, one would definitely be absurdly powerful, and Bolan had picked this 3rd option before. But right now, he was picking to let space be the main and time as the secondary.

Once the path was chosen right…

The improvement speed would be shocking!

"Luo Feng."

"Luo Feng, hurry over."

"Madman, come to Wuka."

Luo Feng who was studying the 3rd volume of time space scribbles seriously immediately received the many messages from Wuka and Rong Jun. The two of them were worried about disturbing his training, hence they sent messages. The virtual assistant Babata would report to Luo Feng according to his situation.

"The both of them, why are they looking for me so urgently?" Luo Feng smiled and shook his head.

After which he flew out his balcony and into the sky, gazing at the not too distant Wuka’s villa.

…

Within the living room.

Wuka and Rong Jun sat there, facing the table with wine on it.

"Madman is here." Rong Jun stood up.

"Luo Feng, Luo Feng." Wuka was the 1st to rush out and welcomed him with a bear hug.

"What’s up?" Luo Feng was shocked as he dodged to the side, smiling as he looked at Wuka, "Why so friendly?"

"Madman, you are too awesome." Wuka grabbed Luo Feng’s arm and dragged him into the living room. Luo Feng saw the exquisite wine on the table, especially with the two complex words Thunder Rain, he was shocked, "Wuka, you stingy punk actually bought Thunder Rain wine?"

Thunder rain wine, in reality, it was something even True Yan emperor couldn’t bear to drink casually.

Even in the virtual universe, this one bottle alone cost 32 mixed elements! Meaning that this one bottle was the equivalent of an entire sector lord’s wealth, drinking 10 galaxies in one go! However amongst Luo Feng, Rong Jun and Wuka, there was no doubt Wuka was the most wealthy. There was no other way about it, his father had such a high position.

Wuka’s father was one of the pinnacle figures in the Manka universe country.

However even so, he wouldn’t dare spend money this way.

"What’s one bottle of wine?" Wuka said passionately as he gently opened the cork off the bottle, and pouring a glass for Luo Feng. The liquid was translucent, with crystal like droplets floating within, and the droplets had traces of electricity coursing through them.

Even though this bottle of wine didn’t have the same effect as changing one’s body structure in reality.

However from the body and soul, the feeling was the same. Drinking it in the virtual universe was an extreme luxury!

"It’s just one bottle. Brother, you’ve passed the 7th level. That’s awesome, thrilling, thrilling." Wuka couldn’t help but shout.

"Oh, you all know about it?" Luo Feng was stunned.

"Madman, you are shameless." Beside, Rong Jun couldn’t help but say as he enjoyed the wine.

"Truly shameless, you actually never told us about this. Luckily watchman Bevin sent a message to all of us." Wuka said.

"Damn." Luo Feng stared, "This Bevin actually…"

"Hahaha, the message came at the right time." Wuka said, "You didn’t see, since the time the virtual universe sent the message regarding the qualification battles, the seniors in the absolute beginning region who were peaceful before suddenly got arrogant and feisty."

"Everybody is competing to not get kicked into the Sky and land region!" Wuka shook his head, "Those seniors look down on the 8 of us, who are new. I was unhappy with it, hence I constantly challenge them to battles!"

"Frequently battle?" Luo Feng was stunned.

Wuka had just passed the heavenly bridge 5th level. But, amongst the 30 universe level seniors, 5 of them had passed the 7th level and 25 had passed the 6th.

"Why, cannot I compete? Our Manka people have never lowered their heads and admitted defeat. Even if we lose temporarily, we’ll return to battle again." Wuka snorted coldly, "Those group of bastards are all arrogant. In the end, they were still injured by me. However, this is still not thrilling. The thrilling part was…when that group saw that letter and the news of you passing the 7th level."

"You didn’t see their expressions, that was exciting."

"Many just stared wide eyed with shock." Wuka laughed loudly. "Back then I was mocking and laughing at them, they couldn’t even retort. That’s truly thrilling, hence I bought a bottle of Thunder Rain to celebrate the achievements of us newbies, and also the number 1 person of our batch."

"Temporarily number 1." Rong Jun smiled beside and glanced at Luo Feng.

"Hm, temporarily number 1." Wuka nodded.

Luo Feng laughed.

The reason why he got along well with these two was because of their one similarity, which was that they were never willing to admit defeat. They may temporarily be lagging behind, however no one would give up and instead constantly improve.

"Wuka, Rong Jun, I are ready to accept another mission." Luo Feng said. "However, my knowledge of the missions is very low, do you have any suggestions?"

"The missions, naturally the higher the difficulty, the more shocking the points." Wuka said.

"I have some suggestions. I’ve already finished the 10 missions for my 100 years." Rong Jun said, "And these were all suggested by my teacher…"

The three of them began their discussion.

…

Luo Feng’s plan was to first pass the 7th level of the heavenly bridge.

And after, grasp the time to go do some missions. Through real life battles and along with the training environments, he would be able to improve himself! Through that first Blood River world mission, he had gained huge benefits, he wasn’t intending to do any random mission, that simply.

Every mission had to have some great benefits hiding behind.

It all depended on whether he could get it or not.

Of course…the prerequisite was strength!

…

The three of them chatted for awhile. Luo Feng finally had a clearer plan of how to choose his missions.

"This wine is really good."

"This feeling is even more wonderful than the life evolution when I broke through to the universe level." Luo Feng closed his eyes, feeling the change in his body and soul. That comfortable feeling, of course these were all simulated by the Virtual Universe company. The real Thunder rain was something even Wuka couldn’t afford in reality.

And even people like True Yan emperor, Tong Nan emperor, these eternal beings, they would only purchase such luxuries once every countless years.

"This wine is awesome. It’s time I attended classes, the class today is taught by an Emperor undying, which fits me well." Luo Feng got up.

"Hm, I won’t send you off."

"Go on."

Rong Jun and Wuka lay in the sofa, enjoying the delicious wine, not willing to get up.

Training should be harsh, but one should still indulge occasionally and enjoy the luxuries of life.

"These two punks." Luo Feng smiled and shook his head, after which he became a beam of light and flew straight into the sky.

…

At this time, within another villa in the absolute beginning region.

"Today’s class talks about space and gold, the fusion of these two laws. That Luo Feng will definitely go. Mo Yi Lin, Ah Shi…you two should go attend the class too and find a way to challenge Luo Feng to feel him out. Once we know what moves he has, we’ll be prepared and when the qualification battles come…it’ll be much easier!" The man dressed in the silver grey robe said.