Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 552: Rage

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"Even if we lose, we cannot lose that badly. Ah Shi, give it all you’ve got!" Mo Yi Lin grit his teeth. The scales on his face were struggling and frowning, and in his hand he wielded a 50cm thick, 3m long huge silver white blade. On it were complex golden engravings, a silver white light energy flowed through it.

Ah Sh’s eyes were flushed red, while each hand was wielding a half moon blade.

"Kill!"

"Kill!"

The two of them moved simultaneously as Luo Feng gathered his blade energy.

Rumble!

Mo Yi Lin fiercely stomped on the arena and it shook slightly, he moved as quick as lightning. The winds howled around him and a visible high pressure ripple followed along, as he raised his huge silver white blade high and swung it at Luo Feng!

Sou! Sou! Sou! The black horned man Ah Shi wielded both half moon blades and their movements were extremely peculiar. Within an instant, 1,000 images appeared and they all formed a powerful battle array filled with countless cold flashes of blade aura that lit up.

In the distance.

Luo Feng floated in mid air and pointed ahead.

"Chi!"

An incredibly condensed blade energy took the form of a dark golden translucent blade, immediately tearing through the space ahead!

"I’ll first kill Mo Yi Lin." Luo Feng looked at the distant Mo Yi Lin, simultaneously accelerating on the dark cloud shuttle and backing off.

"Arghh!"

Mo Yi Lin used both hands to wield the huge blade. He swung it and the surrounding air seemed to condense the space, simultaneously it clashed with the dark golden blade energy! He was very clear that the blade energy’s speed was extremely fast, and that he couldn’t dodge it. The only way was to forcefully deflect it!

"Rumble…" The dark golden blade energy was incredibly strong, causing Mo Yi Lin to completely move backwards. He stepped 10 steps back in the arena, and every step causing craters in the rock ground. Simultaneously cracks could be heard from his body, almost as though his bones had broken inside.

"Chi!" Mo Yi Lin spit out fresh blood.

"Gold, is sturdy like the sun, indeed its very strong." Mo Yi Lin stood on the ground staring at Luo Feng. His main arm which was wielding the blade was already broken in 9 places. Luckily he mostly deflected most of the attack into his right arm, otherwise his body itself would be heavily injured.

Luo Feng became a beam of light in the distant sky, once again forming an incredibly condensed dark golden blade energy before him.

That blade swiveled on the spot, tearing through the space around it.

"Mo Yi Lin, go and die!" Luo Feng stared coldly at him.

"Bastard!"

The black horned Ah Shi roared, becoming a blurry silhouette and chasing after Luo Feng., Luo Feng however stood on his dark cloud shuttle and glanced coldly at him, "Slowly chase on!"

This Ah Shi, unleashing his movements, could produce up to 10,000 images.

Afterall, being able to produce 1,000 images under the pressure of blade world was incredible. It was a pity that with the pressure of blade world, he couldn’t keep up with Luo Feng at all.

The pains of a fighter!

Unless he was like the mosha clansman, who had extreme instantaneous acceleration, pity, against Luo Feng who’ve comprehended the 36 wonders of space and some comprehension of the Rainstorm, Luo Feng’s movements weren’t weaker than his. This created the situation in which he simply couldn’t catch him.

"Xiu!"

The dark golden blade energy tore through the space and shot at Mo Yi Lin.

"Ya!!!" Mo Yi Lin roared, feeling the pressure around him of the endless blade world. Every move he made was affected, he could only use about 70-80% of his power.

"Ya!"

His left hand wielded the huge blade, once again slashing as quick as lightning! However to actually hit the blade world blade energy controlled by Luo Feng was extremely hard. His injuries from before weren’t even healed yet, he could only risk it all and try. And now he was using only one arm, and this left arm wasn’t as proficient as his right arm, including the injuries from before…

Xiu!

The dark golden blade energy flashed and directly pierced through his forehead, leaving behind a hole there, from which, one could completely see through.

Just like a laser that had shot through.

"Ah!" Mo Yi Lin stared wide eyed, following which his body fell. Rumble…with a crash his entire body slumped onto the stone of the arena, causing it to shake and roll about.

Mo Yi Lin, failure!

…

"Luo Feng! Luo Feng! Well done, now kill the other punk!" A loud shout suddenly erupted from below. It was the Manka prince Wuka. He shouted excitedly, beside him was Rong Jun! Not just them two, even Qian Shui, Ai Chen, Lancelot and Ao Pa Te La had arrived.

The newbies of the absolute beginning universe level had all gathered, Jiang Mo had informed them all.

…

Flying about on the dark cloud shuttle above the arena, Luo Feng looked below and saw the whole group. He couldn’t help but smile and shout, "No problem, just a little dish!"

"Yayaya, bastard!!!" Behind him flashing about and constantly chasing, yet unable to catch up at all was the black horned Ah Shi, who roared with rage, "Luo Feng, if you have the guts don’t run!"

In terms of space comprehension, he was close to Luo Feng.

In quantity, he was definitely further ahead in space comprehension, in substance however, Luo Feng’s was more solid.

The two of them drew close!

However Luo Feng had the blade world to pressure him. Hence, how could he ever catch Luo Feng?

"What a joke, you want a controller to fight close combat with you?" While Luo Feng flew, he glanced back at Ah Shi and pointed, "Go!"

The endless blade world gathered before Luo Feng and a dark golden blade energy was formed.

It was extremely piercing!

Xiu!

The blade energy tore through the space and shot at Ah Shi.

"Hu…huh u hu…" Ah Shi madly waved the two half moon blades before him, his entire body becoming a blur.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

The blade energy dodged time and again, Luo Feng had no intention of matching force with him, and purely relied on its extreme speed! Shooting from different directions all around at Ah Shi, pressuring him! Just how fast was the blade energy? Every time Ah Shi waved his blades he felt as though he was dancing on knives!

"Chi!"

The blade energy shot from the side and pierced through Ah Shi’s ears and out the other! The blade energy had left nothing but a mess within his head between his ears!

"Ah…"

Ah Shi stared wide eyed, because of the inertia he moved a few km forward before rolling on the ground.

Ah Shi, failure!

…

"Haha, we’ve won, we’ve won, hahaha…" Wuka laughed loudly.

"Luo Feng, beautiful." That handsome Lancelot smiled too.

"Well done!" Rong Jun waved his fist strongly, excited and thrilled.

Qian Shui, Jiang Mo, Ai Chen and Ao Pa Te La were all incredibly excited. They, the 8 newbies of the absolute beginning region had the lowest qualifications and power. Especially since the qualification battle was drawing close…Jiang Mo, Qian Shui and Wuka knew they were about to be kicked into the Sky and land region. Hence they were all under a lot of pressure.

This battle had helped ease that pressure and avenged them, and was very thrilling!

"Haha." Luo Feng jumped down and landed beside Wuka and Rong Jun.

"Those two punks came to provoke me, and I just dealt with them for kicks. Wuka, were these two among those that bullied you?" Luo Feng smiled.

"Yes they were." Wuka grit his teeth. "I’ve long wanted to teach them a good lesson, but my power wasn’t enough. Haha, Luo Feng, thanks for avenging me, haha, thrilling!"

While Luo Feng and the group were celebrating and dancing about. The universe level seniors, the 10 gathered there…

"Bastard."

"We actually lost."

Those 10 had ugly expressions. Because, over a hundred sector lords and some domain lords all witnessed the battle! And they lost 2v1 to a newbie. This was extremely shameful.

"This Luo Feng is indeed very strong." The silver grey robed youth stared at the distant Luo Feng, "He is actually able to unleash blade world. And from the looks of it, for me to defeat him, I’d have to use my trump card too. However…this move was something I prepared for Ke Luo Fu!"

"Ni Nan, I heard Mo Yi Lin and Ah Shi, the two punks got defeated by a newbie?"

A thick voice resounded. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

The silver armored youth turned, feeling as though a little mountain appeared behind him. This was a over 6m tall, fully black armored man, and his armor was sleeveless, while his neck was red, almost like a red metal!

His face was red and clear, and on his forehead were two curved red horns. There was a rhombus crystal embedded in the middle.

Behind him was a long dragon tail.

"This mad punk is here?" The silver robed youth thought, he said solemnly, "Yes fire dragon! Mo Yi Lin and Ah Shi, those two punks were indeed defeated by a newbie. That newbie is Luo Feng who just passed the 7th level. He’s extremely arrogant, he doesn’t respect us seniors at all. After accepting their challenge…he announced that he would face them 1v2! But no one would have expected him to actually still win."

"Look at how arrogant those 8 new people are." The silver robed youth shook his head and looked at the newbies.

Over there.

Luo Feng and the 8 were extremely happy, Wuka roared from the side, "You seniors have trained for how many thousands of years, arrogant for nothing. Losing 2v1, haha…I feel ashamed for you!"

"Wuka!"

"What are you bragging about." Immediately a group of seniors raged.

"Bastard!" The dragon tailed mountain of a man roared.

Rumble!

He immediately became a red beam of light and smashed into the arena like a meteorite, causing the arena to shake. This tall dragon tailed man extended his palm leaf like hand and pointed at Luo Feng below, "Luo Feng, get up here, I’ll teach you a good lesson. You can only use that blade world, yet how dare you. What gives you the right to be so cocky!"

His voice rumbled and resounded throughout.

Luo Feng who was laughing and chatting below was stunned as he looked up, his expression changed, "It’s him?"

Sa Jin Fire dragon, one of the pinnacle races of humanity the Flame Mother race. He was one of the 5 great warriors of the universe level in the absolute beginning region. He trained in the extremely expensive and absolute Black Hole Evolution comparable to the Time Space Scribbles. 1,500 years ago he had passed the 7th level!