Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 555: Arrival

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

High above the misty Yu Xiang Mountain, there stood two men gazing down with different expressions.

"Haha, Mother Flame, thanks for you golden horn world stone. My disciple’s weapon finally has its material." The 3 eyed man smiled, simultaneously glancing over, checking his expression.

"That punk actually won?" Mother flame gazed below and frowned. "What strong consciousness pressure."

"Don’t change the subject!" The 3 eyed man smiled. "Are you trying to get away with it?"

"Relax, I’ll definitely give you the stone." Mother flame felt his loss. This wasn’t a commonly seen metal in the universe, like the Hybrid copper essence. Even though it was an extremely expensive metal, however with the Yun Mo Master Hu Yan Bo’s ability he could still acquire a large enough amount to build a ship!

And the golden horned world stone? One golden horned beast could only produce one. If a beast died prematurely, then it wouldn’t even have had a chance to produce the stone.

Even with all the stones in the universe added together, a ship couldn’t be built.

Compared to the hybrid copper essence, it was like diamond versus soil.

"I can’t understand why that punk’s consciousness pressure is so strong." Mother flame said.

"He was born with great brain size, or some miraculous encounters, causing his soul to evolve." The 3 eyed man smiled. "Anyway, in the vast universe, there are a lot of mysteries. There’s still much even we don’t know! Encountering something that evolves one’s soul and consciousness strength. Even though it’s rare, there’s still such things."

Mother flame shook his head, staring at the 3 eyed man, "You’ve earned quite a bit."

"Haha, don’t blame me. Blame that little genius from your clan. His willpower is very average, if he was strong enough, he would have been able to remain conscious." The 3 eyed man smiled.

Mother flame was shocked, nodding, "Hm, his willpower is average."

The consciousness was the countless soldiers, whereas willpower was considered the general!

When Luo Feng attempted fantasy ocean, knocking through each island, he would feel the consciousness pressure!

At the 9th island, even many sector lord pinnacles couldn’t pass it.

The 9th island’s consciousness pressure was stronger than even a sector lord pinnacle! In between the sector lord pinnacle and undying.

And when Luo Feng attempted it before, his consciousness was only at the domain lord pinnacle level.

A whole level gap!

He forcefully dealt with it!

Keeping his calm and passing it. And when he reached the 10th island, as that was a pressure on the level of an undying, it completely crumbled his consciousness. Hence, he had failed at this level! A sector lord to undying was a huge evolution of the soul, hence the pressure increase from universe level to domain lord and sector lord wasn’t as terrifying.

Sector lord to undying.

There was an absolute increase in consciousness pressure!

Hence, at the 10th island, Luo Feng’s consciousness was simply destroyed!

Luo Feng’s willpower was already very terrifying, and his consciousness was incomparably sturdy, like a crystal.

It could withstand anything!

When it comes to retaining consciousness, unless it was simply too much of a difference, it would just break.

Either the consciousness would prevail strong, or it would just break. There were only two outcomes!

And those without strong willpower, simply getting shouted at would stun them!

Stun!

This was a state where they were semi conscious and blanked out.

That Sa Jin, under Luo Feng’s consciousness pressure attack was stunned for an instant. If his willpower was as solid as Luo Feng’s, he would have at most felt a little dizzy, but still would have been able to maintain his consciousness.

Absolute beginning region, the area below the arena was silent.

Close to 300 people had already gathered there. This was about one quarter of the members in the entire region!

"How can that be?"

"He lost?"

"Sa Jin unleashed the 9 fists and flame crystal 9 bodies. Yet, he still lost?"

"What happened at that last moment? That Luo Feng, did he use some spirit attack?" The group of sector lords were shocked, as most of them had thought that Sa Jin would win. However, the final outcome was quite a surprise. Even with their abilities, they weren’t able to see what actually happened. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Lost?"

"We’ve lost?"

"Sa Jin, he lost…"

The seniors of the universe level were all completely stunned. They looked dejected at the black haired youth, they too were geniuses in the absolute beginning region! They too were picked from the genius battles, picked from a battle of the strong, and the final group nurtured from the 1,008 universe countries.

Who wasn’t a genius?

And these were geniuses that had been training for very long! And yet today, against a group of newbies that had just joined the Virtual Universe company who had yet to participate in their first qualification battle, they lost.

"Ni Nan."

Mo Yi Lin and Ah Shi who were defeated earlier stood beside the grey armored Ni Nan, "What, what happened?"

"How could we lose?" Ni Nan stared at Luo Feng in the arena. "Sa Jin that punk, even I have no guarantee against him. I can only hope to risk it all and battle. However…in that final moment, he was still defeated. Just what happened?"

"Just what happened?" Ni Nan was worried within.

Because, Luo Feng would be his obstacle in the qualification battle.

"Sa Jin’s final defeat, I might meet the same end." Ni Nan frowned and was pondering hard. "At that final moment, what happened?"

…

Luo Feng carried his dark golden long rod and headed down from the arena.

"Haha, Luo Feng, beautiful!" Wuka jumped and cheered loudly.

"Impressive." Rong Jun smiled and waved his fists.

"Luo Feng, your final roar, "Go and die" was very thrilling." The handsome Lancelot laughed and shouted too. Jiang Mo and Qian Shui and his sister shouted excitedly as well. The gentle and calm Ai Chen was all smiles too, and Ao Pa Te La laughed stupidly there.

Luo Feng smiled and walked to the side of the arena, and jumped down.

"Luo Feng!" A roar could be heard from behind.

Luo Feng turned.

In the distance, a silhouette descended from the arena, it was Sa Jin. The tall and sturdy Mother flame race was filled with shame and rage. The moment his consciousness returned to reality, he immediately jumped back into the virtual universe and flew over from his villa.

"What happened before?" Sa Jin stared at Luo Feng.

He didn’t understand.

For someone who was at the same universe level 9, how could the consciousness pressure difference be that huge?

"Don’t ask me, I can only say your willpower is too weak." Luo Feng looked at Sa Jin and communicated mentally, "Go and train your willpower well."

Sturdy willpower.

Even if one’s consciousness was pressured, as long as the difference wasn’t too huge, one could still maintain consciousness.

"You…" Sa Jin pointed at Luo Feng, speechless.

"I hope the next time I see you, you’ll be stronger. Otherwise…the slot of the primal region doesn’t have your place." Luo Feng finished and jumped down. He landed beside Wuka and Rong Jun and the rest of them, laughing as he said, "Let’s go back."

"Wuka, don’t fight with me. I’m treating today!" The genius Jiang Mo from the Ao Gu Si planet shouted.

This batch of newbies, in terms of wealth.

Wuka, Jiang Mo and Qian Shui were all pretty wealthy. As for Luo Feng and Rong Jun and the rest, they were far worse. Afterall their families were not extremely wealthy.

"I don’t care who’s treating." Luo Feng smiled.

"As long as there’s something to eat." Rong Jun smiled.

"Viciously take his money." Wuka shouted.

The group of newbies laughed and left.

…

Over 200 sector lords and domain lords were still discussing below the arena. Even though they were shocked, they slowly returned to their groups and left. Obviously this battle had made them all strongly remember the name Luo Feng.

…

Below the arena, only the universe level seniors still lingered

"Sa Jin, how could you lose?"

"What happened?" Many people close to Sa Jin walked over.

"Sa Jin?" Ni Nan walked over too.

Sa Jin snorted, gazing at the group and staring at Ni Nan, "Ni Nan, you have to be careful too. Otherwise, you’ll lose to him too at this qualification battle."

After which, Sa Jin turned and left.

"That punk!" The silver armored youth Ni Nan stared at the huge back of Sa Jin, his gaze gloomy, "He actually didn’t share anything."

…

Sa Jin rushed into the sky, smiling coldly, "Ni Nan, do you think I am that stupid? Telling you that Luo Feng’s move? Wouldn’t I be helping you prepare then. If you all lose, I’ll have more hopes of entering the primal region. It’s good I lost this match, at least I’ll be prepared for the qualification battle."

"Hm, looks like I have to frequently visit fantasy ocean to train my willpower."

"With weak willpower, I won’t be able to withstand that consciousness pressure." Sa Jin decided.

This battle quickly grew widespread. Even the undisputed king of the absolute beginning universe level Ke Luo Fu and the terrifying Chemist Yu Feng heard of it. After which many seniors continued to challenge Luo Feng…however he didn’t even respond. Because he had begun to his training mission!

According to the plan, after passing the 7th level he was to begin his training!

…

Absolute beginning region, Dragon tower planet.

This was an ancient and enormous planet. A disguised automaton ship entered the atmosphere of the planet, after which a silhouette kept the ship and flew 100km, landing in the vast forests below.

This was none other than Luo Feng.

His upper half was covered in the dark red armor, an armor made by the cloud contact vine. Above it was another layer of alluring colors. His arms were covered in two alluring colored guards. His legs too had the same armor, formed from alloys, its flexibility and defense were both very high. His arm guards were embedded with a screen within, and on it, large amounts of words were displayed. It was information pertaining to his surroundings.

He carried the dark golden long rod on his back.

"It was really uncomfortable in Blood River world not being able to use many weapons and technology. In this Dragon tower world however, I can use anything." Luo Feng glanced around. "However the danger level here is very high too."

Universe level soldier Luo Feng had arrived in Dragon tower planet.

He thus began his training mission journey…