Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 558: Demon Mountain

Translator: Translation Nation DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Editor: Translation Nation

Demon Mountain was majestically floating in space.

This Demon mountain was simply too enormous. Any platform at the base of the mountain alone, or any canyon was equivalent to the surface area of earth. Hence, at the foot of demon mountain, there were many magnificent palaces, some as tall as 10,000 li. Those who are able to build such palaces were all undyings!

"It’s forbidden to announce loudly!"

"It’s forbidden to fight or kill each other!"

"It’s forbidden to fly out of the canyon!"

"Anybody who breaks these rules will be killed immediately!" A powerful voice resonated throughout the canyon.

Within the canyon, there were many silhouettes, who were either sitting crossed legged or leaning on the stones, or chatting in their groups. They all looked pretty similar, with two hands, two feet, two eyes, nose, and mouth. Even their heights were similar to that of earth people.

The only difference was they all had two curved horns on their foreheads.

Some were black in color, while others were silvery white.

From one look, one could see that there were at least 1,000 people in that canyon.

"Teacher, how long are we going to wait here? Demon mountain has been closed for so long, yet the Virtual Universe company isn’t letting us in at all." An armored but bare armed black horned youth said softly. Beside him were another six men and women, surrounding a purple armored old man in the center.

There were eight of them…

The purple armored old man was at sector lord level. As for his disciples, two of them were domain lords, while the rest five were universe level.

"They have to reach 10,000 people before we can enter!" An old voice resounded from the old man.

"Teacher." A clean voice sounded, a silver horned young lady couldn’t help but say, "The warriors that get here from the many planets, sometimes there’s many while other times there’s only a few. There’s no pattern at all! Right now we’ve only gathered a little over six thousand, who knows how long we’ll have to wait until we hit the 10,000 mark."

"Do you wish to go against the rules of the Virtual Universe company?" The purple armored old man turned and glared at his disciples.

The lady bit her lips and went silent.

"Wait patiently." The old man exclaimed. "As long as any one of you can survive in there for a month, then you’ll be accepted into the Virtual Universe company. Then, you’ll be able to explore the vast universe. Compared to the vast universe, our 9 star ocean is simply too small."

The seven disciples’ eyes gleamed.

Right.

9 star ocean ( The name of the 9 Ancient planets bunched together), in history they’ve had many that entered the Virtual Universe company. Some having gone to explore the universe, and returned to build their own sects and left behind advanced technology. These experiences and incidents made the 9 star ocean know about the wonders of the vast universe.

"Remember, if you feel that it’s too dangerous and you can’t hold out for a month, immediately find a way to exit." The purple armored old man said. "Safety first! If you cannot pass this time, you can always return and try again when you are stronger."

"Understood." The seven disciples nodded.

Suddenly…

A controlled announcement resounded from a distance, the eight of them immediately stood up.

"Teacher, look over there?"

"It’s the Virtual Universe company attendant." The eight of them including the thousands in the canyon all looked shocked at the large group of silver armored people flying from the majestic palace. These were attendants of the Virtual Universe company, and they had high amounts of power and authority.

Even the aboriginal sector lords didn’t dare offend them.

"So many of them?"

"Close to a hundred."

"Why are there so many attendants?" The thousands of universe levels to sector lord aboriginals were all extremely shocked, yet no one dared make a loud sound at all. Because, anyone who disobeyed the rules had one end…death!

"Look, a ship."

"Wow, what a beautiful ship."

The thousands of aboriginals’ eyes gleamed. In the distance a universe ship swiftly drew closer and quickly stopping above the canyon, the cabin door opened.

A colorful armored black haired youth walked out. Close to 100 attendants flew over, all gathering in an organized fashion and standing respectfully. At the front of the group, three white robed men and women all bowed respectfully, "Your majesty Luo Feng!"

"Your Majesty Luo Feng!" Close to 100 attendants said respectfully.

In mid air, Luo Feng nodded, after which, with the three white robed people accompanying him, the group of attendants all flew downwards.

"My god!"

"My god, even the white robed attendants personally welcomed him?"

"White robes, those are sector lord pinnacles that have been acknowledged by the laws, they are like gods!"

"I can see that the black haired youth is only a universe level."

Thousands of aboriginal warriors didn’t dare make a ruckus, and could only discuss in hushed voices to vent their shock. The powerful silver robed attendants were extremely respectful towards that black haired youth, like he was Sun Zi.

Suddenly…

One of the silver robed attendants left the large group and rushed towards the canyon, immediately the voices of the thousands hushed.

"Listen well." The silver robed attendant gazed coldly down on the thousands of aboriginals. "One of our Virtual Universe company majesty’s is about to enter and train in Demon mountain. Hence, we are about to begin the demon mountain mission. You can all enter too, go acquire your identification tag and prepare to enter demon mountain."

"Yes!"

Thousands of aboriginals replied.

The attendant flew away and the aboriginals below were extremely excited.

"A majesty actually came, our luck sure is good. Now we don’t have to wait for 10,000 people anymore." The purple armored old man laughed loudly, and beside him, his seven disciples were gleeful, of which the silver horned lady said, "Teacher, just who is that majesty, his position seems really high?"

"The majesties of the headquarters are all absolute geniuses picked by the Virtual Universe company from the vast universe. They are 10s of thousands to millions of times stronger than you all." The purple armored old man said, "And for three white robes to welcome him, this majesty must have the position of that of a god!"

"Like a god?"

The seven disciples all stared wide eyed.

Luo Feng flew towards the palace, gazing at the aboriginals below in the canyon.

"Your majesty Luo Feng, these are all aboriginal warriors of the 9 planets. According to the rules we’ve set, entering demon mountain…the lowest should be at least a universe level. Hence amongst the group, most of them are universe levels. There are also some domain lords and sector lords." The tall and handsome white robed youth explained as he smiled, simultaneously carefully observing this Luo Feng before him.

Luo Feng’s name was reputable even in the management level.

Even though this person was a low level management level staff, he knew too…that Luo Feng hadn’t even passed his first qualification battle and he had already passed the heavenly bridge’s 7th level. This had made the upper echelons of the Virtual Universe company favor him.

Such a person, how could he be neglected?

They welcomed him and acted according to the primal region member’s customs, which was that three white robes and a team of silver robes are to welcome him. And usually, absolute beginning members only get 1 white robe and 9 silver robes.

…

2nd level of the palace, Luo Feng entered the 2nd level through the guidance of the white robed youth.

And the thousands of aboriginals were entering the 1st level single file.

"These are your identification tags!"

"Everyone will get one, quickly." The attendant said as he gave out the completely black tags. "If you want to enter the virtual universe company, there are two ways to do so. One of them is to survive a month in demon mountain. The other is to kill others and acquire 1,000 black tags or 1 red tag."

"Black tags are the ones you all get."

"The red tags are given to the majesties that come from the Virtual Universe company to train here. As long as you can kill one of them and acquire his red tag! You’ll not only get to enter the Virtual Universe company, but you’ll also get a treasure that even an undying would favor."

These words made the eyes of the thousands of aboriginals gleam, however they weren’t shocked at all.

Because these rules had been passed down over countless years, they all knew it well.

Palace level 2.

"This is your tag." The white robed youth gave Luo Feng a red tag and smiled. "You have to remember, the moment you appear within 500m of those aboriginals, the tags will resonate and they’ll know you carry the red tag, they will immediately try to surround and kill you."

"I know." Luo Feng nodded.

He had read the detailed information much earlier.

Killing someone like him…

Those aboriginals would immediately change their lives, naturally they’d risk it all.

"In demon mountain, those who are able to kill you are either the aboriginals or the beasts within demon mountain." The white robed youth explained. "Naturally…if they can kill you, you can kill them too. As long as you can collect 10,000 black tags, you’ll acquire an extra reward. This is a reward outside the mission!"

"Extra reward?" Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, "This, I didn’t know about."

The white robed youth smiled, "The extra reward is even better than your point rewards!"

"Ah?" Luo Feng’s heart skipped a beat.

"However, I don't have authority to tell you what the reward is. When you acquire 10,000 black tags, then you’ll acquire the reward. Relax…the Virtual Universe company is extremely generous." The white robed youth smiled, "As long as you acquire 10,000 tags, you can exchange one time. If you acquire 20,000 tags, you can exchange two times and so on. There’s no limit."

Luo Feng smiled and shook his head.

Was it that simple?

There were only how many aboriginals within? And among them, there were sector lord pinnacles!

This demon mountain mission wasn’t simple at all.

Demon mountain demon mountain, why demon?

Actually, even though the threat of the aboriginals was big. As long as he didn’t want to collect the 10,000 tags and hid well, then the threat of the aboriginals paled in comparison to the threat of demon mountain itself!

"Demon mountain, entering from the front would be demon note mountain. Entering from the caves behind would be Ice mountain." The white robed youth smiled. "I believe, that your majesty Luo Feng knows about the two different regions, please make a choice of which one you will enter from."

Demon mountain had two sides.

They were split into demon note mountain and ice mountain. The universe evolutions had made two special environments in this mountain. These are actually the true terrors of demon mountain.