Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 561: Exploration

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

When Luo Feng entered demon note mountain, the 1,000s of warriors were still lining up for their identification tags, after which they either entered demon note mountain or ice mountain.

They all had to enter from a fixed, pre picked location from among the 10,000 entrances.

Sou!

A purple disc shaped ship flew to demon mountain’s canyon, the cabin door opened and 6 silhouettes flew out and kept the ship. These 6 were the 6 from the 1,000 star sect sent by Official Po Yu. The leader of the sect was after all an undying, and a core member of the Virtual Universe company, who had explored the universe before. Hence, the domain lords and sector lords of the 1,000 star sect all had universe ships.

Normal universe ships were very cheap.

Of course, domain lords didn’t have large enough space rings to store the universe ships, the sector lords however could store them in their internal worlds.

"Bayan, look. There’s so many queuing to get their tags. Even though one tag is being handed out every second, it would still take a couple of hours to go through these thousands."

"Don’t get careless, we have to grasp our time. We cannot miss our chance, if we do, we’ll have to wait for the next 10,000 batch before we can enter."

The 6 immediately flew towards the distant palace.

It took a few minutes for Official Po Yu to head towards 1,000 star sect, giving the order also took a few minutes. They took another 10 minutes to head over to their ship. At this time, only a small group of the thousands of aboriginals had acquired their tags. As for the distribution? The Virtual Universe company’s members definitely wouldn’t have such high efficiency for such aboriginals.

1 hour later.

"Let’s go! To demon note mountain!"

"According to the god’s orders, we’ll split up and it’ll be easier to meet our target."

"Hm, we’ll split here."

The 6 of them followed the same cave entrance to a split path and separated, and they headed in 6 different paths.

Actually, attempting demon mountain was mostly meant for universe levels. There were very few domain lords and even less sector lords.

Hence, the weakest amongst these 6 was domain lord level 9. The true dangers of demon mountain were the demon notes and beasts. Compared to this, the threats of the other aboriginals to them was small, unless they were truly unlucky to meet the rare sector lord in this vast mountain.

A black horned youth was carefully progressing along the deep and vast pathways, where countless of them interweaved.

"Ang!"

"Yang!"

"Howl!"

Every time he heard the demon notes, Luo Feng would immediately slow down and stop, not daring to risk it, in case he accidentally headed into an extremely strong area. Even though he was confident…he didn’t dare to be careless.

"Luo Feng, at a distance of 18.2km ahead of your path, there’s a domain lord level 3 fighter." Babata’s voice resounded in his consciousness.

"My path?" Luo Feng frowned.

In demon note mountain, other than his three great bodies and the cloud contact vine, there was one more very important thing, Babata! He had an extremely powerful scanning device. Even though the area was small and only within 20km, its efficiency was extremely high. Even Sector lords couldn’t detect that well in this range here.

This scanning device was an expensive device bought back then by the master Hu Yan Bo of the Yun Mo Planet. Even the current Luo Feng wouldn’t be able to afford such a high end device.

Naturally…

The area was only 20km, suitable for such special regions and secret regions like demon note mountain.

"Swiftly getting closer, 12.8 km…9.9km…" Babata informed him.

"I see him." Luo Feng looked ahead.

The path had straightened up completely at this point. Hence when the distance reached 10km, Luo Feng could see that ghostly dwarf like fighter. He was even able to clearly see the black hairs on his face, and his cold eyes. He carefully proceeded forward. When he spotted Luo Feng, he stopped, and after which smiled manically and rushed forward!

"Universe level 9! Haha…" The dwarf laughed loudly. With just two flashes, he reached before Luo Feng, and in his hand he wielded a dark red axe. This hatchet had complex engravings on it.

Luo Feng shook his head.

"Clang!"

He instantly brandished his blade!

Wave!

The cloud contact vine on his body naturally exploded with domain level 9 vine strength. Just a small portion of its strength was already much more powerful than a human domain level 9! The air around was pressured and a blood shadow blade slashed forward with unbelievable speed at the dwarf and his axe.

Rumble!

Just like a huge hammer smashing an ant, the dwarf stared wide eyed as the axe in his hands was immediately knocked backed towards himself. The back of the axe clashed, "Pu Chi"…instantly crushing his body till it exploded, his bones and muscles gushed out of his armor, and fresh blood spewed everywhere as well.

Rumble…

The entire ground rumbled and shook, the surface frozen layer immediately split in all directions with cracks extending, the ice split open and extended for 10km.

"I didn’t actually wish to kill you." Luo Feng swiftly retrieved the two black tags in this dwarf’s storage item. This was already his 19th tag. "You happened to cross my path and attacked me first, how can I not kill you?"

Luo Feng kept the black tags and swiftly proceeded.

10,000 black tags yielded an addition reward, indeed.

However?

The higher the reward the higher the difficulty. As long as he survived in demon note mountain for 3 years, he would simultaneously accomplish the 1st mission, which was to survive for 3 months and the 2nd mission, which was to survive for 3 years. When that time came, he would acquire 400,000 points! The reward for the 10,000 tags was even better than this!

One could only imagine the difficulty!

"Only 10,000 people are allowed to enter in every batch, and they kill amongst themselves. Who knows where they would end up dying in here. Some may even have left early on. Most of the tags should land in the sector lord’s hands. To collect 10,000 black tags with my current strength, it’s definitely impossible." Luo Feng was clear.

He looked down at the dead dwarf, shaking his head.

"My mission is to survive for 3 years."

"I don’t wish to kill others."

"However if anyone gets in my way, I can only do so." Luo Feng continued, leaving behind the body in the broken ice surface.

The low temperatures caused the fresh blood to already freeze, the splits in the ice too swiftly froze over, and not too long after, everything looked like it was before.

…

Demon note mountain was vast, it took up half of the entire mountain.

And the base of demon mountain itself reached a shocking 3.2 hundred million km. It’s height reached a shocking 1.8 hundred million km. Since there were countless caves and pathways that crossed all over, Luo Feng could only cautiously proceed 100,000 km per day. Even after 3 years, he would have probably only covered a small portion of demon note mountain.

Cautious and careful.

1 day, 2 days, 3 days…

In a blink of an eye, 9 days had passed. Within these 9 days, through Babata’s scanning device, Luo Feng had discovered one sector lord, immediately he turned and slipped away. This was also the only time he got close to a sector lord. Other times, he met a few domain lords and large amounts of universe levels. As no one trusted each other, and he didn’t want to be chased down after fleeing, he could only kill those that attacked him.

Within these 9 days, he had already collected 112 black tags.

"My luck is not bad at all. Within these 9 days, I actually haven’t met any of the terrifying beasts of demon mountain." Luo Feng walked along a vast pathway that twisted and turned, throughout which, Babata maintained his scanning device at all times.

"Luo Feng, according to the demon notes you’ve encountered the past 2 days, you should be entering a more dangerous region now. The demon note is obviously much stronger, I guess there’s a dangerous place nearby!"

"Babata, the information the Virtual Universe company gave us is that there’s no way to scan the dangerous regions in demon note mountain, it might seem very safe but dangers may pop up anytime. There’s no need to scan." Luo Feng communicated mentally, simultaneously scanning around in the distance carefully, he couldn’t completely rely on the scanning device.

As normal pathways had distances exceeding 20km, and the scanning area of the device was only 20km. Hence, it was very likely they could actually see each other before the device could detect.

"Luo Feng, 3.6km to your left there are 3 domain lords."

"3.6 km?" Luo Feng was shocked.

Looking to his left.

Not too far away was a stone wall, only then did he let out a sigh of relief. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"Its within another path." Babata said.

"Another path, there’s no danger, why’d you inform me?" Luo Feng shook his head.

"Their conversation, I think it’s important for you." Babata said.

"Ah?" Luo Feng thought.

With a flip of his hand, a little screen appeared.

"Broadcast the footage of the scene to me." Luo Feng said.

"Sending already complete."

Di.

In the little screen in his palm, it showed a similarly frozen stone cave, in which he could see an old man, a middle aged man and a youth. These 3 were staring intensely at 8 thick books before them. "It’s the Pheonix sect’s manual! This dead person must be an upper level in the phoenix sect."

"Teacher, someone actually killed this person and didn’t even take his manual treasures. Haha."

"You are wrong, it wasn’t a human that killed him. It’s a beast! Look at the scars on his armor, obviously a large claw had attacked him."

"Teacher, teacher." The youth smiled, "We acquired the phoenix sect’s manual here, can it be considered another inheritance?"

"Don’t compare this manual to an inheritance."

The old man ordered, "The phoenix sect is very valuable. However, this forbidden land is called demon mountain by the Virtual Universe company, they also send many valuable beings here. From what I hear, they would occasionally send some undyings to enter to acquire the inheritance of this forbidden land!"

"Ah!"

"Undyings to accept the inheritance?" The 2 beside were shocked.

Looking at the screen, Luo Feng was shocked too.

"This you wouldn’t know, this is our 9 star ocean’s secret." The old man said. "The forbidden land, why is it called so? Because this ancient gold mountain exists for passing down things! It’s existence is extremely ancient, tracing back to the earliest of histories of 9 star ocean. Back to the time before the Virtual Universe company took control of demon mountain! Anyway, this forbidden land…has things even the Virtual Universe company desires!"

"Just how powerful is the Virtual Universe company?"

"That’s impossible." The 2 disciples couldn’t believe it.

"Cough." The old man coughed a couple of times and said softly, "The Virtual Universe company is a leviathan of the universe, it is indeed very powerful. However, they still regularly arrange for powerful beings and undyings to enter here, trying to acquire the inheritance. This is a fact. This is our 9 star ocean’s most ancient inheritance, whoever acquires it, that person would really be taking one step to heaven."

…

Luo Feng looked at the conversation of the 3 on his screen, very quickly, it then ended.

He frowned, "Inheritance? Demon mountain? Forbidden land?"