Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 564: Danger From All Ends

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

In the vast ice forest, the scenery was beautiful. Different black stone ice formed all sorts of scenery, and within it, lived a group of extremely stupid but very terrifying beasts. Some were big and some were small, and according to their size, they had formed their own territory.

This was completely subconscious.

The 1,000 beast’s weakest was at a universe level, and the strongest was at sector lord pinnacle. Of which those that had reached that level, from Luo Feng’s glance, there were 12 of them. And among the sector lord level 9 beasts, 3 of them were extremely majestic, one of which was 2 km long, like a giant lizard, the scales formed by the ice were clearly visible.

There was another that was humanoid form, and was 800m tall, like a giant automaton puppet beast.

The last one was a bird type beast with 6 ice wings.

These 3 sector lord pinnacle beasts each took up 3 regions of the forests, and around them were large groups of other beasts.

"I’m trapped from both ends, what should I do?" Luo Feng fiercely slowed down, shocked.

"Howl, howl…"

With a glance, within the 1,000km area, the 1000 beasts all slowly and stupidly turned to look at Luo Feng. The closest 100 to the cave entrance didn’t hesitate as they roared, simultaneously flying or running, some flashing, like 10,000 horses’ energy rushing towards him!

Kill!

Killing all beings that weren’t beasts! These beast’s consciousness and intellect were extremely simple. However, it had given countless warriors attempting demon mountain headache, there was no way to not be enemies of them.

Also.

They were a special life form, as they had no soul. Even if they were sliced into thousands or hundreds or pieces, they were still simply ice chunks. However, these special ice chunks were infused with their sole consciousness, who knows where they were actually stored in. Also, soul attacks were completely useless against them.

"Rumble…"

1,000 beasts all rushed at the same time, the ice forest rumbled, and a layer of ice immediately broke apart.

"Damn!" Luo Feng stared and gritted, "I just have to risk it!"

Sou!

He became a beam of light and clashed straight at the oncoming beasts.

Since Luo Feng’s energy aura wasn’t very strong, hence the 100 beasts that were attracted to him, and the strongest among them was only a sector lord level 1 or 2. The rest were either domain lord or universe level. And Luo Feng that became a beam of light, the Mosha clansman’s strongest point was instantaneous acceleration!

Rumble!

Luo Feng clashed with the claw of a universe level 8 or 9 beast.

"Sorry!"

He wielded the blood shadow blade and immediately pierced angrily at this 4 clawed armored beast which was running towards him. The domain level 9 compared to a universe level 8 or 9, the huge difference in power allowed Luo Feng to instantly pierce through this beast. Rumble! Countless ice chunks broke apart and Luo Feng pierced straight into its body.

At the instant he entered its body!

"Change!" Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

Hua!

Black energy engulfed his body instantly and it swiftly gathered and formed a simple and cute ice formed bear! It’s look was completely similar to the 1st beast Luo Feng had killed, only its height was much lower, forming only a 8m tall beast.

"Clone!"

Natural ability…cloning!

Its energy completely matched the bear beast he had killed before, actually most of the beasts had almost identical energies. The only difference was the strength level! Of course…the energy of humans and the beasts were completely different.

…

It may seem slow, in truth from the time Luo Feng reached the ice forest and met the beasts and rushed towards them.

It was like mars hitting earth!

There was a huge explosion!

Countless ice chunks shot in all directions, the ground was littered with all types of ice.

"Howl…" a 8m tall, completely formed ice bear beast with an energy of universe level 3 walked out from the explosion, letting out a low roar.

The 100 other beasts immediately slowed down and swiftly looked for its target, that human.

However, they couldn’t see it!

With intellects even simpler than a cat or dog, they wouldn’t even think about why the human had vanished. The beasts only knew one thing…since they couldn’t find the human, they turned and returned to their old way of life.

Sector lord Wu Qi had become a complete fireball, chasing his target with shocking speed.

"It must be him!"

"Universe level 9 and he was able to detect me early. And as he fled, his speed reached such unbelievable levels! He definitely has some special technique or special treasures. And these are definitely not something the warriors of the 9 star ocean have." Sector lord Wu Qi’s eyes burned with flames. "It definitely must be the target the god is aiming, only a target that the god wants to kill but cannot kill personally would have such methods!"

Wu Qi naturally understood.

A being that their 1,000 star sect leader had to kneel before and call master, what level of being was that?

And that being herself didn’t dare personally kill this universe level 9 youth. Instead, using the Virtual Universe company allowed rules, she commanded others to do her bidding to kill him in demon mountain. Obviously…that youth’s position must be very high, his background must be special too.

At least terrifying enough for that great being to not mess with!

Understanding was one thing.

But he had no choice, if he didn’t fulfill the task, they would die immediately! Hence he could only do his best to search, and killing within demon mountain was allowed by the Virtual Universe company. He had never heard of…having to pay for killing someone in demon mountain.

"Rumble!" Sector Lord Wu Qi instantly rushed out of the cave entrance and into the ice forest.

"My god!"

He stared.

Within the ice forest, 100 beasts were slowing down, that explosion from the clash before, the ice chunks were still landing on the ground, the 8m tall ice bear was still roaring. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"Hua!"

The hundred beasts along with the other silent beasts in the forest all seem to feel the sector lord’s huge energy, turning simultaneously! 1,000 beasts, almost 99% of them all turned at the same time to look at the terrified sector lord Wu Qi that had slowed down.

"Howl…" The sector lord pinnacle lizard beast let out an earth shaking roar.

Rumble!

It was the first to flash and rush towards Wu Qi!

"Howl…"

Howl…

The other sector lord level beasts under the lizard beast, along with over 1,000 others all roared as they followed their leader, madly rushing towards the human warrior! And the tall human like beasts and bird beasts, as well as the two other sector lord pinnacles simply looked on!

One third of the beasts in the entire ice forests all rushed at sector lord Wu Qi!

"My, my god!"

The sector lord squinted, his face pale, "So many beasts?"

Rumble!

He turned and became a ball of flame, swiftly fleeing back into the caves. As a warrior of 9 star ocean, he was very clear on how terrifying the beasts were. Even though they were stupid, they had no fatal point. Even if they were cut in half, they would continue to attack.

Hence, the same level human and beast, the beast was actually even more terrifying.

Soul attacks were useless!

Even cutting them in half or piercing their heads was useless!

Howl…

The lizard beast was as fast as lightning, he led the way.

The four sector lord level beasts followed behind! And after was the large group of domain lord level beasts howling as they chased.

"Howl…" A cute bear beast followed the large group of over 1,000 beast army, rumbling through the cave and chasing.

That ice bear, its silver eyes glanced about.

"Good."

"It’s like what I expected, these simple minded beasts have taken me to be one of them. Hehe, my body build, energy etc, is completely like the beasts." Mosha Luo Feng’s ice bear, within the vast army of beasts, muttered within and followed the group and chased sector lord Wu Qi.

Of course, the main force chasing him was the sector lord pinnacle lizard beast and the 4 other sector lord beasts.

The army behind was purely just following the leader.

…

Sector lord Wu Qi risked his all and madly fled. His world energy was expanded to over 10,000km area, checking on the army behind him.

"How unlucky."

"I’m only chasing after one universe level 9, and I hit the beast nest." Over 1,000 beasts, among which, 3 of them were sector lord level 9. "These 3, anyone of them can easily kill me." Sector lord Wu Qi couldn’t care less about his assassination order, he only knew he had to protect his life.

Sou!

Sou!

Sou!

Through the bends and twists in the pathway, occasionally spacious and sometimes narrow, the sector lord was incredibly nimble as he passed through the bends and accelerated.

Compared to him, the 2km long lizard beast’s running speed was obviously affected more. As the pathways were normally only a few km wide, hence it couldn’t accelerate at its full speed. Because of the pathway before, Wu Qi couldn’t catch up to Luo Feng.

And now.

Because of the same reason, sector lord Wu Qi left the lizard beast behind.

"I’ve lost them!"

"They’ve already left my 10,000km detection area." Wu Qi let out a sigh of relief as he realized the lizard beast wasn’t within his world energy area. However he still continued to flee, pressing on as he reached the end of the tunnel in one breath…the intersection of 817 caves!

"That universe level 9 was probably killed by the beasts." Sector lord Wu Qi looked at the octagon cave behind, frowning, "According to the god’s orders, I have to confirm that punk’s identity to consider the mission as a success. However the place he died is within that ice forest!"