Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 567: Domain level 9 Opponent

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

With 3 paths ahead and no way back, Luo Feng once again became a shuttle shape and tried the cave on the left.

"Ah?"

"There’s no swallowing energy, and no such terrifying demon note." The flying shuttle within the cave flew a 100,000 km in one breath, finally reaching the end of the cave. Ahead were 38 other caves, simultaneously there were 3 bodies.

"Someone has already been here."

"Looks quite safe." The shuttle returned to human shape. Surely he couldn’t simply just fly around in that form, if he were to be seen by others they’d be shocked.

3 days later.

In his earth body in the black horned youth shape, Luo Feng carefully progressed, and he felt relaxed within though.

Ever since he entered the left cave after leaving the ice forest, he hadn’t met such a precarious situation, and everything was very normal. Just like when he first entered demon note mountain, he would occasionally meet another warrior or a lone beast, and the demon note wasn’t that strong.

"It seems like the ice forest area was indeed special." Luo Feng recalled the episode from before. "The deeper I went into the forest, the stronger the demon note, until the end of it. There I encountered the swallowing cave and the strong demon note…after that, there hasn’t been any danger."

That cave was an end point.

"I still feel that cave had some secret behind it." Luo Feng thought so.

"What are you thinking about? That swallowing cave from the ice forest?" Babata’s voice resounded.

"Hm." Luo Feng nodded.

"I knew you’d think about it, right! Danger often accompanies miracles…these death traps are very terrifying. The dangers will hit wave after wave, however if you survive it, you might get a shocking reward." Babata said. "This is also why many great beings enjoy exploring secret regions."

"However, you have to know your limits."

"The number of treasure troves the universe has produced is countless, however many absolute beings have all fallen to these places." Babata said. "Your strongest golden horned beast hasn’t even stepped into the sector lord level. And you wish to try these death traps? Even undyings have fallen. As for you, your death percentage is over 99%, unless you are truly just simply lucky."

Luo Feng awoke.

The entrance alone was that terrifying, he probably wouldn’t be able to deal with and take what was inside.

"You can only do as much as how strong you are! If you are greedy, you will die."

Luo Feng looked at the endless cave head of him. The cold permeated his body, he couldn’t help but feel tiny, compared to the many mysteries of the vast universe, his power was simply too weak and small. Even undyings fell all the time, he was only an ant compared to the undying.

"Hard work!"

"Only after becoming a true absolute warrior, one of the many in the vast universe, will I be able to control my own fate and protect my family and home." Luo Feng took a deep breath, "Onwards!"

…

Within the depths of the cave.

A skinny 2.6m tall bamboo like man with 2 long silver horns on his head was present. He almost looked like a mountain goat, and he seemed cold and old. As he lay on one of the ice sculptures by the side, his eyes gleamed with gold light, as his nose releasing comfortable snorts.

"Harder, harder."

There were two aboriginal youths, one with crossed legs, another one was massaging the shoulders of that old man. Beside them stood 12 either clean cut, or handsome, or simple looking or brave looking youths. There were universe levels and domain lords.

"Hm."

The skinny goat like old man opened his eyes and smiled at the crossed legged universe level youth before him, "Come here."

"Elder." That universe level youth cleared his throat.

"The elder asks for you." A domain lord level man beside ordered.

That universe level youth approached nervously. The old man smiled, extending his skinny hand and grabbing the youth’s, complimenting him, "Youth sure is a different thing." The universe level youth seemed completely uncomfortable all over, he shuddered and quickly retracted.

"Interesting." The skinny old man smiled. His powerful world energy pressured that youth, almost like a rope binding him, leaving him unable to move at will, he dragged the youth before him.

"Just kill me, kill me." That universe level youth suddenly shouted out, tears flowing from his eyes.

"Brave, if you are truly brave, you can kill yourself." The old man suddenly turned and looked into the distant cave. There a black horned youth was walking, he suddenly stopped.

The two of them had a distance of 100km.

However at this time, they could clearly see each other.

"Hm, hehe…another universe level 9 punk, with an alert gaze, reserved, and firm. I can’t even feel a sense of fear? Prized goods are what I like the most." The skinny old man smiled. "Kamulu, personally go and catch him for me."

"Yes teacher."

Besides, the strongest domain level 9 man respectfully complied and became a beam of light shooting forward.

…

Luo Feng saw the distant skinny old man, especially the energy he emitted, feeling danger, "Sector lord, about level 6 or 7."

Flee!

Luo Feng turned and fled!

"Whoever my elder likes, don’t think of escaping." The silver horned man’s silhouette was like lightning, swiftly chasing, "Little punk, relax. My elder won’t kill you, he’ll take care of you!"

Luo Feng’s expression changed, his goosebumps stood up.

Perverted!

A punk that liked guys.

In the universe, with trillions of races, there were many that liked men. However the majority of the races in humanity still favored the men and women path…that was the main path! And those that liked men, even though Luo Feng felt uncomfortable with it, he didn’t bother himself with it. However now that it was right before him, how could he not be taken aback?

"Haha, Luo Feng, I didn’t expect you to meet such a situation." Babata said.

"That perverted old man." Luo Feng cursed, "Seeing the universe level 9 youth besides him, he should be one of those captured by him, sick."

Sou!

Behind him the domain level 9 silver horned man swiftly chased.

Hence, even though their initial distance was over 100km, with the chasing, it immediately became a few thousand km.

"Don’t resist, otherwise I might hurt you unintentionally. When that happens, the elder will be upset." The silver horned man immediately rushed towards Luo Feng.

"Go and die!" Luo Feng’s eyes were cold.

Sou!

He swapped his bodies and instantly the mosha clan took Luo Feng’s appearance. Because of this his goosebumps were already standing, hence he was too lazy to use his human body to kill him, his earth body relied on the cloud contact vine, even though he was able to kill a domain level 9, it would still be troublesome and take awhile.

For the Mosha clansman, it was much simpler!

Sou!

Illusionary techniques!

Luo Feng instantly reached behind the black horned man and his blade flashed!

Chi!

It cut right through his chest and split apart the armor, and split right through through the life core. The silver horned man stared wide eyed. "This, this…" The originally weak opponent had vanished and killed him, while he couldn’t defend at all.

"Sick." Luo Feng glanced at the body, he flashed and fled.

…

The old man lay there frowning, "Hm, "Why hasn’t Kamulu returned?" Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Teacher, maybe that universe level 9 refuses to submit and senior has to use some strength." Another domain lord level youth beside said.

"Hmph."

The old man gave a low snort, he extended his world energy a bit more, until it reached the body of the silver horned man.

Rumble! The goat like old man’s eyes raged, he waved his hand violently and the universe level youth he was toying with earlier immediately exploded, becoming a mess of meat and flesh. This scared the rest of them as they dodged far away.

"My Kamulu, whoever killed you!!!"

"I will kill him!!!"

The old man roared and instantly became a beam of light, extending his world energy out. However with Mosha Luo Feng’s speed, he had long fled from the cave, how would the old man be able to find him?

Luo Feng had fled 1 million km away, through 7 pathways before he finally stopped.

"Even though I’ve heard and seen before. However these warriors that favor men…actually tried to catch me, truly sick." Luo Feng glanced back. "My strength still isn’t sufficient, if I have to unleash the golden horned beast. This cave however is only a few tens of km wide, with the golden horned beast’s shocking length…it wouldn’t be able to move properly at all."

"Forget it."

He shook his head, he couldn’t be bothered to think of it anymore.

If he had the strength, he would definitely retaliate and kill him.

…

Half a day later.

Luo Feng sat on the ice to rest, sending a thread of consciousness into the virtual universe network, playing with his wife and children. Primal chaos city’s 30 years training (Actual universe 100 years), plus Blood River world’s 80 years, the many years had huge changes within Luo Feng’s family.

"Luo Feng, 19.2 km ahead, there’s a domain lord level 9 man progressing." Babata’s voice resounded.

Luo Feng’s thread of consciousness immediately returned to reality.

He looked up ahead.

Very quickly, a domain lord level 9 man’s silhouette appeared, his body was short and tough, with a couple of black horns.

"Another domain lord level 9?" Luo Feng shook his head.

"Hm?" 10 or so km in the distance, the short man saw Luo Feng, his eyes seem to gleam with ferocity.