Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 570: Fat Sheep

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Luo Feng flashed and knelt beside the E9 laser, picking up the seemingly simple automaton piece of work.

He touched it’s peculiar sculpture, this was very similar to his silver white pyramid ship. However, he could feel that this laser gun’s material was somewhat better. It may seem like just a gun, but it felt even more terrifying than the large cannons of earth.

The barrel of the gun was only 1m in diameter. In the vast universe, a few universe ships main cannons, their barrels were at least 100s to thousands of meters.

This 1m in diameter barrel, in the universe, it was indeed considered only a gun.

"Luo Feng, this is an E9 xth 122 series laser gun that only the automatons can build. It’s reputable for its small size and short preparation time." Babata communicated mentally. "You should know, that technological weapons, even though humanity is proficient with it, the most it can create is a weapon capable of killing a sector lord level 9. As for creating one to kill an undying, humanity cannot do it."

Luo Feng nodded.

Indeed, from sector lord to undying, that was an evolution in essence.

Humanity could at most create an E pinnacle grade alloys, and F grades are metals already produced in the universe. Creating weapons are the same too, after reaching E pinnacle, there hasn’t been a way to breakthrough to create stronger weapons.

The automatons were different!

Automaton’s were the origin for the technology of the universe, and all of its people were Living AIs.

They could even create weapons capable killing of undyings!

They could create F grade comparable alloys! And these alloys had better qualities than the same grade pure metals.

Just like when Luo Feng was in the Yun Mo Ship back then, seeing the automaton undying’s corpse, that corpse was a simple alloy body. Even that alloy was comparable to F grade metals, and for an alloy body to reach such level of flexibility and sturdiness etc, perfection, it was indeed an unbelievable thing.

This, was something only the automaton race could do. No other race could do it.

"A weapon capable of killing an undying, only the automaton can build one." Babata continued, "Of course, those levels of weapons are extremely pricey. The automaton undyings, even only a few of them can own such terrifying weapons."

Luo Feng nodded.

His own automaton ship was equipped with an E3 grade laser cannon and a star annihilator. Even though the power of the star annihilator was huge, its preparation time was too long, and definitely not suitable for close combat. As it was so huge, it was not suitable for a person to carry it either.

"Same power, the smaller it is, the more expensive! The shorter the preparation time, the more expensive!"

"This E9 grade laser, it’s so small and its storage time is so short, it can be said to be the bane of sector lords." Babata said, "Even amongst the automaton race, this is rare. Your teacher back then never got such an item."

"How expensive would it be?" Luo Feng asked.

"It’s priced at about 5,000 mixed elements." Babata said, "To undyings, it’s not considered too expensive, the problem is that it’s considered a rare item. Even with money it’s hard to buy, unless one is willing to pay few times the original price."

"So expensive?" Luo Feng stared.

5,000 mixed elements was more expensive than even an automaton ship.

"Right, this laser gun can be considered a family heirloom." Babata said. "Imagine having one of these in the family. If a sector lord enemy every flew into your territory, the moment the galaxy security system picks up on the sector lord, you only need 0.1 seconds to prepare and the moment he gets close, kill him in one shot. The sector lord wouldn’t even be able to react!"

Luo Feng nodded.

Right.

The star annihilator was powerful, however it required 60 seconds to store the energy before firing. With the sector lord pinnacle’s speed, one second alone was enough for him to fly 10s of thousands of km to reach the territory’s headquarters. Hence the star annihilator can only be considered a massacre weapon during an attack! And the E9 laser gun, whether it was carried about or as a treasure for the race, country, it was heavenly!

"From today onwards…" Luo Feng rubbed the gun in his hand, feeling the coldness from the weapon.

"I’ve got another trump card."

The mosha clansman’s instantaneous speed is shocking. With it wielding the E9 grade laser and its shocking speed, surviving 0.1 seconds is too easy, once that passes…I can kill the enemy in one shot!

…

Luo Feng kept the gun in his space ring, after which he checked the frozen body.

Even though the ice around had melted and boiled around because of the high temperatures, this was after all demon mountain! Very quickly the cold from around had reached all about, in 10 seconds, the boiling waters once again froze over and became ice. The vapor around too formed an ice layer.

"Pa!" His one step broke through the ice and he took the space belt from Pa Tuo’s body.

"I wonder what he has on him." Luo Feng used his spirit energy to invade it and scan.

With Luo Feng’s perspective, normal treasures didn’t entice him at all. This Pa Tuo’s entire family fortune was far from even 1 mixed element.

"Ah, there are over 3,000 black tags here." Luo Feng was happy with the surprise of so many black tags. The many tags floated before Luo Feng, black and huge, every one of them represented at least a universe level’s life.

Over 3,000 lives!

"Demon mountain, indeed stands for a new lease on life." Luo Feng shook his head. "I hope my tag never becomes another person’s spoils." With a wave he kept all the tags.

Including this unexpected reward.

He had collected a total of 4320 black tags.

…

Sou!

Luo Feng swiftly flew to the distant automaton ship and carefully checked it, the dent caused by the laser shot earlier was already almost gone and looked like it was new again.

"Looks like it’ll be perfect again in awhile. The memory regeneration of this alloy is not bad." Luo Feng complemented within. "Babata, keep it in your storage space."

"Understood."

The automaton ship that had fallen and had its surface frozen over immediately vanished.

Within the caves, Luo Feng seemed like an ant carrying a blade and swiftly making his way forward.

"Even a lion hunting a rabbit has to give its all!"

"If I meet a troublesome opponent, I’ll immediately switch to the mosha clansman to settle it." Luo Feng walked and reflected on the battle before. The reason he was in such danger before was because he didn’t initially treat the domain level 9 as an opponent, resulting in such danger.

As he walked, he frowned.

"Babata." Luo Feng shouted within. "That fighter that wanted to kill me, he shouted, "It’s you. And he even took out an E9 grade laser gun that even undyings rarely own…"

"Firstly, that fighter was only an aboriginal from 9 star ocean. In theory, he couldn’t have acquired that gun." Babata said, "To acquire that gun, it probably was an undying. And one with a huge background! And he only said It’s you when he saw the cloud contact vine, along with the sector lord that was after you before…"

"From everything, I can deduce, some huge figure is trying to kill you!"

"This person gave the laser gun to the domain lord level 9 and told him about your specialties…having a domain lord level 9 cloud contact vine."

"And the sector lord after you before, guarding that cave, he should be the same."

"From this I can deduce!"

"This person that wants to kill you, probably arranged for more than 1 person to kill you. There are sector lords and domain lords with laser guns." Babata explained.

Luo Feng squinted.

Who wants to kill him?

He didn’t feel like he offended anyone.

"Powerful figures that want to kill you probably have some upper level grudge." Babata explained, "My guess is that there are three kinds, first is a sect battle, second is a personal grudge, and the third is a race battle."

"As the Virtual Universe company’s every knight owns his own sect, you would eventually belong to the 9 blade knight’s sect. If the sect battles get intense, and someone views you as a potential threat, he would try to take the chance to get rid of you. However…these sort of genius assassinations, are very despicable, the sect feuds must be pretty big."

"The second reason is personal grudge. You are True Yan emperor’s disciple. Anybody who has a grudge with True Yan may implicate you. Similarly, those who dare do such a thing must have huge grudges, otherwise they wouldn’t take such risks."

"The final reason is race battles. The human race has intense battles with other races, a few warriors may have invaded other races to assassinate the geniuses of others, this is common."

Luo Feng nodded.

Three possibilities.

"Luo Feng, as you get stronger and your position rises, unbeknownst to you, you might offend others, or others may want to kill you over nothing. These numbers will keep rising." Babata said, "Hence you have to be more careful."

"Hm." Luo Feng nodded.

He couldn’t die!

The moment he died, the weak foundation of the humans of earth would immediately change. The shockingly rich Ping Hai corporation would quickly gain the attention of others too and their outcome would be unpredictable. Afterall, even though it was within the Virtual Universe company, the company was too huge, it had too many firms and corporations within. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

This was a power even bigger than a universe country.

…

Luo Feng was even more cautious as he proceeded. Anybody he met who was a domain lord level 7 and up he quickly settled with the mosha clansman, and anyone below, he used his earth body to swiftly settle.

Even though he was careful, killing others was hard to avoid.

Very quickly, his black tag count reached 4831.

…

On the 75th day of arriving in demon mountain.

Luo Feng who was carrying the blood shadow blade walked along the cold pathways. Suddenly he squinted, staring in the distance, about over 90km ahead, there were two universe level youths lifting a handmade exquisite bench. In it lay a skinny goat like old man, who would occasionally snort, and besides him were another 5 youths who were following him.

"It’s him?" Luo Feng squinted, "That old fart?"