Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 573: Roar in the Abyss

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"Hm, this much I know." Luo Feng nodded.

Hu!

Li!

The piercing howls of the wind pierced straight into one’s heart and soul. Luo Feng and Mo Luo however chatted as per normal.

"The 2nd pattern is also the reason I’ve been able to survive till now." Mo Luo smiled. "I’ve separated the demon notes mainly into student, star traveller, star, universe, domain lord and sector lord levels. Luo Feng, you should have realized the main demon notes in this demon note mountain is mainly around the star traveller to domain lord level!"

Luo Feng nodded.

Indeed, rarely would one encounter a sector lord demon note!

"The pattern I’ve discovered is!"

"Where there’s a star level demon note! Then that area would also have a universe level demon note!"

"Where there’s a star traveller level, then there would be a domain lord level demon note!"

"Where there’s a student level demon note, that would have a sector lord level demon note." Mo Luo’s eyes gleamed, saying with full confidence, "Wherever the demon note is weakest, the higher the chances of there being an extremely strong demon note!"

"Ah?" Luo Feng was stunned.

In his mind he swiftly recalled the many places he had been in the past 100 days. Because these past few days, only the demon notes in the ice forest were actually a threat to him. As for the other places…he hadn’t really bothered, from student level to sector lord, these demon notes had no threat to him at all, hence he didn’t bother to figure out the pattern.

Now that he thought about it carefully!

With his AI comparable memory and calculation speed, he swiftly recalled the places where he felt the demon notes.

"Right." Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

Indeed!

There were some places where the demon note strength was simply just star and universe level. Some were at star traveller and domain lord level. Very few places had student and sector lord level. As time passed, the distribution of the demon notes would shift, forcing everybody to keep moving.

"However these are all useless to me." Luo Feng thought within. "The demon notes in this mountain, normally reaching the sector lord level is already quite rare. Unless its like that mysterious cave! Hence…other than those places, they have no threat against me."

…

Luo Feng and Mo Luo, the two core members of the Virtual Universe company proceeded forward.

"Luo Feng, we’ll split after this cave." Mo Luo said as he flew. "There are trillions of caves in demon note mountain, we’ll pick different ones. If we stick together, one would have to yield to the other sooner or later. I believe you won’t enjoy that either."

"Haha…alright, we’ll split ahead." Luo Feng nodded.

If he stuck with Mo Luo, he would have to be extra careful when using the mosha clansman.

Sou! Sou!

The two of them swiftly flew for a while came out of the pathway.

"Hm?" Luo Feng looked shocked.

Ahead was a vast ice field, and on it were huge pits. Every one of them were different from another, the large ones were up to 100km in width while the small ones were just a few km. However one couldn’t even see the depths of these pits, only that they were endless.

Luo Feng and Mo Luo landed.

"What is this place?" Mo Luo carefully walked to the side of a pit.

"Not clear." Luo Feng walked to the side too. This pit…it may be called a pit but in fact, they were like abyss as one couldn’t see the depths at all.

Luo Feng turned to see.

A vast field!

In this vast ice field, the abyss could be seen everywhere, countless.

"Something’s not right." Mo Luo frowned.

"Hm." Luo Feng nodded.

The two absolute geniuses of the Virtual Universe company carefully surveyed their surroundings, simultaneously feeling a strong demon note attack.

"Rumble!" Mo Luo who stood beside Luo Feng, without any warning kicked fiercely. This kick was like a volcano explosion. That golden boot smashed into a shocked and unprepared Luo Feng’s waist. Infused with the strength of the domain lord level 9 metal life form, this caused Luo Feng to be knocked like a bullet into the abyss.

Luo Feng only felt an incredible force hit his entire body and even though there was the defense of the cloud contact vine, Luo Feng still spit out fresh blood from his mouth.

Chi!

Fresh blood!

Hua! Hua! Hua! Hua! Hua! Hua!

Thick red vines fiercely extended from his arms, the vines were thinner but quickly grew thick, they madly extended to catch Mo Luo.

Rumble!

The abyss began to produce an unbelievable swallowing energy, just like when Luo Feng encountered that cave back then. Besides the shocking swallowing energy, a noiseless demon note pierced into his mind. At this time, the cloud contact vine, knowing its master was in danger, couldn’t care less about Mo Luo who had flown far away. It quickly expanded to grab the side walls and ice.

"Ya!"

"Break!"

Luo Feng quickly recovered from the demon note attack. Compared to the last swallowing cave, this demon note was slightly weaker.

"Mo Luo!" The corner of Luo Feng’s eyes split, and his eyes flushed red He roared at Mo Luo who had flown many km above the abyss.

Why?

Why did Mo Luo suddenly attack him?

He had such respect for Mo Luo, and they were both Virtual Universe company members. Also, he had thought that this person had no ability to harm him! Indeed…in a true sneak attack, Luo Feng who had his other bodies couldn’t lose, however at this time…

"Luo Feng, this is demon note mountain, even if I kill you, it isn’t a crime." Mo Luo coldly looked at Luo Feng below, as a sound rang in Luo Feng’s ears. Simultaneously an exquisite looking gun appeared in Mo Luo’s hands.

"Laser gun." Luo Feng’s expression changed.

To dare to take out a laser gun, he probably has a guarantee of killing him. Then, this should be an E grade laser gun.

"C6 grade laser gun." Babata’s voice resounded.

Chi!

Mo Luo who was high in the air shot a beam down into the abyss. This beam was over a 100m away from Luo Feng, it pierced deep down. After which Mo Luo fled as fast as he could, swiftly disappearing in an instant.

Suddenly kicking Luo Feng into the abyss, shooting a beam of laser deep into it and disappearing.

Describing it slowly, this whole process actually took no more than 0.1 seconds! The preparation time of that C grade laser was simply 0!

Rumble…

The terrifying swallowing energy worked on his body.

Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa!

The vines, under the pressure of the energy began to rip apart. Luo Feng however didn’t have a thread of fear within, his eyes were only filled with rage and anger. "That Mo Luo actually, he actually! Since he wants me dead, then I’ll kill you myself!!!" Looking up, such a proud absolute genius actually resorted to such a trick to kill him.

"Mosha clansman!"

"Change!"

Luo Feng instantly vanished and switched bodies, he became a shuttle that tried to fly out.

Suddenly…

Howl…

A roar occurred from the abyss, simultaneously the space about the shuttle began to ripple and the terrifying swallowing energy worked on it.

Its speed decreased.

"What?" Luo Feng was shocked.

"Change!"

The shuttle became a thumb sized awl, yet the energy still remained as strong as ever, pulling it down!

"Change!"

The awl then became a huge stone that filled up the entire pit, however the energy was just as strong, it continued to fall lower, causing sparks as the stone dragged along the sides, large amounts of rubble falling.

"Change!"

"Change!"

…

Luo Feng instantly tried many forms, however no matter what he did, the force exerted on him was still the same. And as he fell, that terrifying howl from below…made one’s heart tremble.

"It’s him, Mo Luo!" As he fell, he remained calm. He recalled how Mo Luo had shot his laser into the abyss, back then he was suspicious…why would he use a C grade laser to shoot in, it had no power whatsoever.

Now from the looks of it…

Mo Luo’s shot was probably to awaken the spirit of whatever was deep within the abyss. That spirit had a swallowing ability similar to that of the golden horned beast. It now consciously worked on Luo Feng’s body, no matter what form he took, the force was just as strong.

And if it were simply just asleep or dormant, the casual amount of swallowing energy like how it was at the cave before, Luo Feng could have easily become smaller and escape.

"Mo Luo must have been clear on the situations here, hence he deliberately did that." Luo Feng raged within.

"Change!"

Luo Feng who was constantly falling did one final change into an ice bear. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

The ice bear fell down and entered the abyss.

"There must be way to survive, there must be." Ice bear Luo Feng instantly disappeared into the depths of the abyss.

…

After a while.

A silhouette flashed and stood at the side of the abyss, gazing down below, it was Mo Luo.

"Luo Feng!"

His lips curled into a smile, looking at the terrifying endless abyss. "You sure are stupid. Since this is demon note mountain, me killing you…its no crime at all! With your talent, even if during this qualification battle you are no threat to me, however the next time, or in the future, you’ll eventually threaten my position."

"It’s better with less people who would threaten me."

"This path to the top, I will stop at nothing." Mo Luo said softly. From an orphan in a war ridden world, to the terrifying death soldier training and factions, all these had changed his rules.

Sou!

He swiftly vanished and left the ancient abyss. Just like how it had been for a trillion years, no one knew, that the absolute genius Luo Feng of the Virtual Universe company had been swallowed in!