Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 576: Forbidden Inheritance

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

The beasts’ had extremely low intelligence, something that only the special environment of demon mountain could create. They only existed to kill the intruders! Hence, when they saw a human suddenly appear in the plaza, they naturally went into a frenzy.

"Howl…"

"Ang…" The beast’s became blurred images and rushed towards Luo Feng, wanting to tear him to shreds.

And the human Luo Feng that appeared beside the ice bear had rushed straight towards the entrance the moment he appeared. His domain lord level 9 cloud contact vine covered foot stomped the ground and with a bang, the ground around the plaza shook, and he became a shooting star that rushed towards the entrance.

Sou!

As he rushed, a large group of angry beasts howled and chased behind him.

Rumble!

The black long rod suddenly appeared, just that one!

At the entrance, the tall and sturdy stone gorilla wielded the thick black long rod like a baseball player, he created whirlwinds as he waved it. Peng! Peng! Peng! Powerful ice beasts were immediately shattered, as large amounts of ice shards scattered far into the distance and knocked right out of the white light.

Howl…

Ao!

The beasts all stared fiercely at Luo Feng, madly rushing towards him.

However, the stone gorilla stood at the entrance, his aura strong and firm, no matter how many came, it didn’t matter.

"These beasts are really stupid." Standing there and gazing at the large amounts of beasts rushing over, Luo Feng exclaimed. "The moment they saw me, they all madly rushed over! Even after knowing there’s no hope they still try. Luckily the light protects the palace, making the trillions of beasts outside unable to enter."

At that time!

The plaza was left with nothing but broken ice shards, with only one beast remaining…the ice bear!

All the other beasts were smashed by the stone gorilla after they madly rushed the entrance!

The palace was tall and majestic, almost like a mountain, Luo Feng seemed small within.

"This is the inheritance palace, where do I accept it?" Luo Feng was dressed in the silver armor outside and cloud contact vine armor within, he carefully treaded within and examined the huge palace, there was a large amount of black fog, in the distance, the black stones occasionally condensed and then melted and dissipated.

The stone gorilla looked at Luo Feng, hugging his black long rod and stopped moving in his corner.

"How strange!"

Luo Feng looked at the scenery filled with black fog, "Babata, have you discovered the mystery of this place?"

"Unable to detect!"

"My scanning signal has been completely jammed." Babata said.

"What?"

Luo Feng was shocked.

Babata’s scanning device was extremely expensive, even though its area was small, at only 20km! It was something Hu Yan Bo had used in dangerous secret regions. It was usable in many secret regions. However within this inheritance palace…the signal was jammed?

"Rumble…" A booming sound could be heard.

Within the palace, rumbling occurred within the black fog area, after which a mysterious sound could be heard, "Ang…Chang…Wu…" The combination of the sounds formed a very mysterious noise, making Luo Feng feel incredibly comfortable.

"This is it!" Luo Feng thought, back when he saw the 32 palaces, he heard this sound.

The sound reverberated throughout! Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The palace changed greatly!

A broken piece of black stone suddenly floated before him with peculiar words, the strokes were similar to the engravings earlier, Luo Feng didn’t recognize the words at all.

"This, this…" He was shocked as he looked at the mysterious words on the stone, "I’ve never even seen these words before, yet I can clearly understand what they mean, it’s unbelievable."

The words continued to appear and disappear.

After awhile, Luo Feng finally understood all of what it said.

"Demon note general?"

"Inhertiance?"

"157,672?"

His eyes were filled with shock.

The mysterious words that appeared on the stone, in summary, said this…

"Since the birth of this demon note inheritance forbidden land, you are the 157,672nd who has come to receive this, those that have the right to receive the demon note inheritance …

Any life form with a soul can receive it.

However since the birth of this place, none have ever completely received the full inheritance, receiving the title of demon note general. Demon note general, be it flesh and blood life form, energy, metal etc, the main thing is that life must have a soul, anyone can become a valuable demon note general!

Demon note general, unique and unmatched!

Since the birth of the universe, it’s been set that there would only be 1. When the time actually comes that one is able to completely receive the full inheritance, becoming a demon note general, this entire forbidden land will crumble.

Puny life form…

Work hard!

Work hard to become a demon note general, follow the inheritance steps on the side, slowly climb the path to becoming an absolute warrior in the universe…"

…

In the palace.

The black mist rumbled about, that mystical sound reverberated throughout the huge palace, simultaneously, the changes that kept occurring within the palace produced a 3 li wide black stone staircase at the end of the black mist, every flight had peculiar engravings, glowing gold.

Human Luo Feng stood before the stairs and was silent for awhile.

"Demon note official?"

"Any life form, as long as he has a soul, has the right to become a demon note official?" Luo Feng looked at the mysterious stairs that formed from the parted black mist, feeling awe within.

The universe was mysterious.

This, Luo Feng had known before.

The human race, had a total of 1008 universe countries, every one of them incredibly vast, the leaders of these countries were invincible and eternal beings…and there were even more powerful beings that created the virtual universe.

However…

Humanity was but 1 of the trillions of races in the universe, however, it was one of the top!

There were a few pinnacle races.

And also some that may not be considered pinnacle, but were in fact very strong, like the Mosha clan, in terms of clan strength…it was probably in the top 10,000. Like the golden horned beast, in terms of strength it ranked one of the top. However their numbers were simply too little, but that didn’t mean they were weak!

Trillions of races!

Endless universe!

Countless secret areas!

"Demon note inheritance? Who left it?" Luo Feng looked about, seeing the words of that displayed earlier, "The touch of humans here is very obvious, obviously it was left behind by some great being! From what I know, demon mountain had been here long before the virtual universe company had taken control of the absolute beginning region!"

Demon mountain’s history was extremely ancient, just like blood river world.

The universe secret regions were very mysterious.

Some were naturally formed environments, however absolute beginnings would leave behind their palaces and training grounds etc. These beings may have controlled parts of the entire secret region even before the virtual universe had taken over. Only against the might of the virtual universe, they chose to back off!

Any resistance would be crushed by the huge power of the virtual universe!

However…

The absolute beings of the universe, even though they back off before the virtual universe company, it didn’t meant they were weak!

"From what I heard from the 2 undyings earlier, the virtual universe would arrange for large amounts of undyings to be stationed in demon mountain." Many thoughts ran in his mind, "Even Babata didn’t even know anything about the mysteries of demon mountain. Obviously, this secret belongs only to the upper echelon of the universe, even more mysterious than primal chaos city."

"Demon note general?"

"This inheritance forbidden land, the moment one life form completes the inheritance, the entire space would crumble? Demon note general, there’s only one in the universe?" Luo Feng nodded, from what it sounded like, there would only be 1 in the entire universe…he would indeed be an absolute warrior in the universe.

"There’s actually been 100s of thousands who’ve come before, yet no one has actually completed."

Luo Feng shook his head, not thinking anymore.

Sou!

With a step, he reached the mysterious staircase.

When his boot landed on the 1st flight, immediately the surrounding scenery grew hazy, Luo Feng couldn’t see the scenery around him anymore, only the never ending staircase ahead. Simultaneously, mysterious information began to permeate his mind.

"Accept the inheritance!"

"Train in the inheritance!"

"Every level will bring new information, when you reach the end of the stairs, you’ll become a great being of the universe…demon note general." The voice rumbled in his mind, the mysterious training methods continuously flooded in.

In an instant, Luo Feng was subdued by the techniques.

This was a soul technique, one needed a soul to train in, in terms of its wonders, compared to the soul imprint his teacher Hu Yan Bo had left behind for him, it was many times clearer, the 2 couldn’t even be compared.

"I feel that this nameless inheritance technique is comparable to the 9 universe tablet, the tablet entices people to study it, and this…is a completely detailed technique. Just this one technique alone is priceless." Luo Feng was excited.

His eyes gleamed strongly!

In his mind he had the golden horned beast’s inherited memories, and he had seen the treasure trove of the virtual universe company, countless techniques from everywhere.

And because his perspectives were wide, he could instantly deduce…

This mysterious technique definitely belonged to the highest of inheritance, an inheritance along with the universe laws and paths itself!

In an instant!

He was completely immersed in the training of the technique…

…

It wasn’t just his earth body, the golden horned beast in the internal world too began to train simultaneously. Only the Mosha clan remained helpless and silly, because this belonged to a kind of soul special technique, and the Mosha clansman was unable to train it.

"Just who left behind this technique, such a terrifying technique, if I can make progress in it, becoming an eternal and invincible being in the universe definitely wouldn’t be an exaggeration!" Luo Feng didn’t think much more about it, he suppressed his mad glee and completely immersed himself in the training.