Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 585: White Dwarf Star

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

There was one messy yellow haired decadent looking man with 4 ears and droopy eyes, he gazed at the other 5: "Sa Jin, Ni Nan and Luo Feng aren’t too much of a threat! My true opponents are Yu Feng and Ke Luo Fu! In the previous qualification battles, my move wasn’t perfect, hence I didn’t unleash it. This time…I will shock everybody! And rush into the primal region! Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Ge was filled with ambition, and his improvement speed was indeed shocking.

…

"Defeating the other 4 will be simple, only that wolf." Yu Feng who was draped in a black robe looked at Ke Luo Fu, the medicine I specially made for him this time, as long as it works…I have a guarantee of making it into the primal region!"

…

Wolf man Ke Luo Fu floated silently in space, "I’m currently in an impossible mission, I have to keep alert with part of my consciousness. The other part to participate here! Under normal circumstances, I can only use about 70% of my power…hm, 70% is enough."

…

The group all had their own thoughts.

And the purple uniformed skinny man who represented the virtual universe company continued, "The absolute beginning’s last 18 will battle with the top 10 of the Sky and land region, these 28 will battle for the 8 slots in the absolute beginning region. The losers will be kicked into the sky and land region."

Luo Feng was shocked within.

The chances of getting kicked out was simply too high.

However, it was right!

The primal region normally has 3 slots for universe level!

The absolute beginning should have 30 universe levels!

Any excess would naturally be kicked out, as long as they weren’t strong enough, they would be kicked!

"Rong Jun may be in trouble this time." He looked at Rong Jun beside, Rong Jun however was smiling, filled with confidence.

"The qualification battles are just about to begin!" The skinny man looked at the group of youths, "The battles will take place in special locations, at that time, the virtual universe system will automatically send you over. Also, you can watch other battles through the screens!"

"Get ready!"

He vanished right after he finished.

The group of geniuses in mid air then opened their screens, at this time…almost 38 of them simultaneously heard a ringing in their ears, Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! They all were teleported out of Yu Xiang Mountain.

Qualification battles!

It’s begun!

"Luo Feng, the absolute beginning qualification battles, your 1st match is about to begin, your opponent is Moshka." The sound he head in his ears had this content, simultaneously, an arm bracelet screen appeared on his wrist, on it the battle details displayed.

Sou!

Luo Feng was already transported, to the location where he would face the senior Moshka.

…

38 people, 19 battles began simultaneously!

Yu Xiang mountain primal region, every primal region member’s villa was 1,000km in area, larger than any territory on earth!

Mo Luo was dressed in long pants, standing in his vast grass field and practicing his attacks.

"Your majesty is too crazy."

"He trains non stop."

"Most of his training time is spent on his fist work, the Beast fist’s wonders don’t pale in comparison to some undying’s techniques." The group of sector lord guards all discussed in hushed voices from a distance, large amount of staff too were filled with respect and shock, they worshipped this Mo Luo.

Mo Luo knew how to win people’s hearts.

At least amongst the over 10k personnel in his villa, they all respected and worshipped him.

…

"Howl…" He roared almost like a wild dog instantly becoming a beam of light and rushing 10km ahead, 2 claws tearing fiercely ahead, causing huge tears in the grass that stretched over 100km, almost like 2 canyons.

"Di!"

"Received mail, the absolute beginning qualification battles have begun." A voice resounded.

Only then did Mo Luo stop.

"It ain’t living if it ain’t crazy enough!" Mo Luo took a deep breath, from his beggar life when he was young, death warrior training in the factions, and his competition among the elites of the virtual universe company, he had fought non stop, finally becoming a core member of the company, and even after he still had to fight to rise and stay.

From the last phase region to sky and land region, from there to the absolute beginning and finally to the primal region.

This way.

He rose from an orphan beggar to the top, becoming a pinnacle genius of the universe!

"Even an undying is only my guard!" Mo Luo gazed at the distant sector lord guards and the leading undying, he smiled and nodded, inside however he roared, "Why, it’s because I fight for it! Using any means, as long as I win, that is the best way for success!"

"The way for an absolute warrior to survive! It ain’t living if it ain’t crazy enough!"

Mo Luo lifted his finger and tapped gently.

Chi!

A screen floated there.

"Watch Luo Feng’s battle." Mo Luo ordered.

Primal region, absolute beginning region, sky and land region, last phase region, the battles all took place at different times. As the lesser the number of people the less time and other preparation it took. Hence the last phase region with the most number of members, just the members alone was about 10,000!

The sky and land had over 300.

Absolute beginning had over 30.

Primal region only had 5!

Hence, naturally the last phase had the most details to prepare and was the earliest to begin. And the primal region with only 5 members would be the last.

…

The broadcast of the battles were open to any core member. Naturally the undyings with high authority could all watch too.

"I don’t believe that Luo Feng is still alive!" Mo Luo stared at the screen, "I personally kicked him down into that terrifying abyss, according to the data I’ve collected, anyone who falls into the abyss won't be able to survive."

Mo Luo was a senior, hence his interaction with others made his knowledge and experience of the impossible missions more than the newbies. Also, he was a primal region member with high authority, he could search for more information online.

Luo Feng simply relied on only searching, his information definitely couldn’t compare to Mo Luo’s.

"He’s definitely dead!"

"There’s actually a rumor in the absolute beginning region that he’s alive!" Mo Luo’s eyes were cold, as Luo Feng had sent out that mail to his friends and gone to visit Wuka and the others. However as he was still receiving the inheritance, his time was critical…hence he only showed himself for a brief moment before returning to the palace.

And only Wuka, Rong Jun and the others had seen him.

The other seniors, those that attended the classes hadn’t seen him since then…hence the news of him being alive wasn’t confirmed publicly.

Of course…

The gathering for the battles earlier, was considered Luo Feng’s 1st public appearance. However this gathering…Mo Luo didn’t personally witness.

"If he’s alive, then I’ll be able to watch the broadcast. If he’s dead, there wouldn’t be his battle at all, naturally I won't be able to see it!" Mo Luo stared at the screen, "Rumors are just rumors, I kicked him into the abyss personally, I can definitely confirm his death!"

A prompt appeared on the screen.

Di!

"Luo Feng’s battle with Moshka is currently going on, connecting to broadcast!"

The information in the prompt was very clear.

Mo Luo was stunned.

He stared at the prompt for awhile before frowning, saying softly, "He’s not dead? He’s actually not dead? How can he be alive after falling into that abyss?"

Rumble!

Luo Feng felt the space around him warp, and later he landed in a desolate surface of a planet, the ground was a dark red, searing temperatures caused his vision to slightly warp, also the extreme gravity made him slightly tremble.

The terrifying magnetic field made him uncomfortable!

"What place is this?" Luo Feng was shocked, he looked down at the screen on his wrist.

On it the detailed information was already translated into earth language…

Battle: Absolute beginning death qualification battles (Universe level)

Opponents: Luo Feng (0 wins 0 loss) against Moshka (0 wins 0 loss)

Location: White dwarf star (Diameter 3,200km, surface gravity 361,000,000g, temperature 21,000 degree Celsius)

"White dwarf star?" Luo Feng smiled, "No wonder the gravity is so shocking!"

White dwarf star was a forbidden region to the weaker humans.

Universe level 9!

It normally took countless planets to produce 1 universe level, 1 universe level 9 warrior had a punch that could destroy a large continent of earth, if he attacked the pacific ocean he could create a tsunami that could engulf the entire planet! Flying speed in space could reach up to 1,500km per second!

A universe level 9 was already enough to rule a galaxy! Some low level civilizations’ strongest was probably at most only a universe level 9.

3 hundred million times the gravity of earth, over 20k degrees in temperature, white dwarf star’s terrifying magnetic field was indeed nothing much to a universe level 9.

Of course…

If it were Neutron star.

A universe level 9 would instantly crumble, however white dwarf star was something they could easily withstand.

"Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!"

The land shook.

Luo Feng looked over, there a silhouette was running fast, every step shaking the ground, causing the solid surface to crack with every stomp, in an instant he stopped before Luo Feng, he stared at him filled with fighting spirit.

This person was about 2.2m, skinny, bald, without a single hair on his body!

Dressed in silver armor with a black belt, black boots and a wrist screen, he carried a strange shaped blade on his back, a proper universe soldier get up! The universe soldiers that went to battles outside the starfields would dress this way.

He stared hard at Luo Feng without blinking, as if he was looking at a huge enemy, his voice was shrill as it resounded, "You are Luo Feng!"