Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Chapter 588: Primal Region

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"My bad." Luo Feng shook his head, "I haven’t been able to forget my battle with Ke Luo Fu earlier."

"Lost badly?" Hong asked.

"Do you still need to ask!" Thunder god teased.

Luo Feng lifted his tea cup, sipping gently, the tea leaves used were specially produced by the Ping Hai company within the virtual universe, the fragrant taste swirled within his mouth, he exclaimed after the sip, "Indeed, I lost really badly, it made me feel like there’s no hope in making it into the primal region!"

Before the battles began, Luo Feng was filled with ambition to make it into the primal region!

"He had acquired a part of the demon note inheritance, his spirit energy amplitude had jumped by leaps and bounds, he had a definite confidence in making it into the primal region…however after the battle with Ke Luo Fu, it was like he was drenched in cold water from above!

Difference!

The difference was huge!

"Losing is fine." Hong smiled, "The only problem is whether you have the confidence." Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"Big brother?" Luo Feng looked at Hong.

"When I was young and training at the assassin camp." Hong’s eyes gleamed with memories, "In terms of physical ability, we chinese compared to the whites and blacks had a huge difference…even though I was lagging behind, I kept progressing, until I became the most terrifying assassin! And those who initially had greater talents and were stronger, I exceeded them."

Luo Feng quietly listened.

"Hence!" Hong smiled at Luo Feng, "3rd brother, talent is important but it isn’t absolute, you have great talent and you train fast. No problem…you’ll train for 10,000 years and become undying! Me? I’ll just train for 100,000 years, 1 million years to become undying, wouldn’t that work too? Who knows…those with greater talents may even fall first!"

Luo Feng realized.

Right.

His teacher had once mentioned that absolute genius who could kill an Official level undying at his sector lord level, didn’t he fall too? He didn’t even become undying!

"Hence, shocking improvement during a certain period isn’t that important, the most important thing is stability and longevity!" Hong looked at Luo Feng, "The most important thing about training is not comparing yourself to others, but only with yourself! As long as you keep improving, keep exceeding yourself, then you’ll ultimately get stronger and stronger…one day, you’ll realize…you won't be able to find another opponent in the entire world. You’ll become number 1!"

Luo Feng listened quietly.

He was filled with great respect towards his big brother Hong.

In terms of strength he was much stronger, however in mental state, his big brother was comparable to the saints of the chinese history.

"Haha, big brother, was this how you became number 1 back then?" Thunder god smiled at Luo Feng.

"Right!" Hong’s eyes were calm, he nodded and smiled, "Back then I only had my loyal pike, with that I worked and trained! Exceeding myself one step at a time…I didn’t even realize that during the great nirvana I had already become the number 1 person on earth. Luo Feng, do you understand what I mean?"

"Understood, I cannot rush! I have to remain grounded and chase my own limits." Luo Feng said.

Hong nodded satisfied.

…

After chatting with them for about over 3 hours, the 3 brothers finally separated. Big brother went on to continue his training, 2nd brother was busy with his own matters, Luo Feng returned back to continue his inheritance training.

He realized one thing.

Everytime he gathered with them, he would gain some form of realization, seeing the road ahead somewhat clearer.

"Mental state! In terms of mental states, 2nd brother is stronger than I am, and big brother is already in a different place altogether." Luo Feng felt that even though his big brother hadn’t fully excelled yet, a day would come where he would definitely be able to shine in the vast universe. This feeling was completely from his instinct.

Even though he spoke calmly, one could feel his complete self confidence within his bones.

On the 2nd day after the absolute beginning battles had ended, the primal region battles began.

As there were only 5 universe levels in the primal region, all their battles would end in a day. And obviously, the battles of the primal region had drawn the attention of many of the other geniuses from the other regions, countless numbers of them watched their battles.

…

Absolute beginning region, Manka prince Wuka’s villa.

Luo Feng, Rong Jun and Wuka had gathered in the living room, drinking wine and watching the screen, the many battles of the primal region geniuses.

"Ah, my villa!"

"I’ll have to leave here soon, to the sky and land region." Wuka sat in his sofa and exclaimed loudly, he glanced at Luo Feng and Rong Jun, "You 2 punks, our absolute beginning heroes should be together, 1 of you have made it into the top 3 and the other will stay here!"

Luo Feng and Rong Jun laughed.

The qualification battles, Luo Feng ranked 2nd and Rong Jun ranked 19.

Rong Jun managed to scrape off and rank in the top 20…that way he didn’t need to compete in the sky and land region. It could be said that it was set in stone that he would remain in the absolute beginning region.

Wuka however was in the bottom 6 without a surprise.

The other 6 newbies, Wuka, Ao Pa Te La, Lancelot, Ai Chen, Jiang Mo and Qian Shui were the 6 from the back! For Wuka to be the 6th from the last was already not bad. However they were about to battle the top 10 of the sky and land region…other than the 6 of them, the others had all passed the heavenly bridge 6th level.

They were set to go into the sky and land region!

"Hmph!"

Every batch of newbies go through the same time, they would be disadvantaged and sent back one region. We are newbies after all." Wuka stared at Luo Feng and Rong Jun, "You 2 wait for me, I’ll quickly return to the absolute beginning."

"Alright, we’ll wait." Rong Jun laughed.

"Work hard Prince Wuka." Luo Feng teased.

After they finished the match being broadcasted on the screen, that of Fei Tuo and Long Yun had already ended.

"Long Yun sure is pitiful." Wuka exclaimed.

"Right." Rong Jun nodded, "He really isn’t on the same level as the other members of the primal region."

Luo Feng nodded too.

There were a total of 5 in the primal region, 3 seniors and 2 newbies.

The 2 were of course from the genius battle, Bolan and Long Yun, after Bolan was spurred by Luo Feng, he finally realized that we wasn’t an invincible genius, that wasting his talents on overdoing it was a stupid thing to do, hence he changed to having space as his main law.

2 years ago, he had already passed the heavenly bridge’s 7th level!

The 3 seniors were Fei Tuo, Simayan and Mo Luo, of which Fei Tuo was the only virtual universe company universe level member to pass the 8th level of the heavenly bridge! Simayan and Mo Luo had passed the 7th…of course, they had passed it long ago.

"Long Yun is pitiful, he loses to everyone he meets, if it were me, I’d long have given up, what’s the point." Wuka shook his head, "They are not even close."

Of the 5, 1 had passed the 8th level, the other 3 had passed the 7th, only Long Yun had just passed the 5th.

"Don’t look down on him." Luo Feng looked at Long Yun’s body in the screen, "Those that know they will lose and still fight, they aren’t normal people."

"Hm." Rong Jun nodded.

"Look! Mo Luo against Bolan!" Wuka shouted.

Luo Feng and Rong Jun gathered their attention and stared at the screen, of the 2 newbies in the primal region, only Bolan had some resistance ability, however when he met the strongest of the seniors Fei Tuo, he lost really badly.

"Both he and Mo Luo had passed the 7th level!" Rong Jun emphasized, "And both are close combat fighters, this battle…maybe Bolan has some hope!"

"Hm." Luo Feng nodded.

Right, there was some hope.

Only some!

The battle began…

Bolan’s bladework was incredibly incisive, and his movement was absurd. Mo Luo however stood his ground, using his Beast fist to block Bolan’s many attacks. The scene of them clashing caused the mountains and forests about to be destroyed completely, Bolan’s every blade caused great canyons on the surface of the planet, and Mo Luo’s every punch and kick caused great damage to the land.

In an instant they exchanged over ten times!

Mo Luo grabbed the chance and sacrificed one leg, closing in and killing Bolan!

"Roar!" Mo Luo’s eyes gleamed with wildness, his right arm became like a winding snake and extended, grabbing Bolan’s neck!

Ka Cha!

In an instant he broke his neck, he fingers piercing through Bolan’s head.

Bolan, dead!

…

Silence!

Luo Feng, Rong Jun and Wuka who were watching were silent for awhile, Bolan’s strength wasn’t weak at all, however he was still killed by the seniors of the primal region.

"What terrifying close combat." Wuka said softly.

Wuka was a close combat fighter too, however, the difference between him and Mo Luo was huge.

"Terrifying." Rong Jun too frowned.

Luo Feng held his breath and watched, in his mind he recalled the instant where Mo Luo grabbed Bolan and killed him, replaying it over and over, the more he thought about it, the more his expression grew heavier…that Mo Luo’s beast fist is truly remarkable, like a fox, python, wild wolf, tiger…

Intrepid! Cunning! Sinister!

It was completely natural!

"This beast fist is something he created, and others are simply learning from others." Luo Feng thought within, "Using one’s own created technique, would be easier to unleash greater strength! Mo Luo is very strong…"

"However…"

"Why do I feel that Ke Luo Fu is still stronger?" Luo Feng frowned, "And Ke Luo Fu is only from the absolute beginning region…peculiar!"

Mo Luo’s strength, Luo Feng was cautious.

Ke Luo Fu’s strength however made him feel despair!

"No hope." Wuka shouted out in the sofa, "Bolan lost to Mo Luo, he would probably lose to the fighter’s bane hypnotist Simayan…then he’d be set to become the primal region’s bottom 3 with Long Yun."

The virtual universe company’s rules were…

The bottom 3 of the primal region, along with the top 3 of the absolute beginning region will fight for the 1 primal region slot.

Now from the looks of it!

Long Yun and Bolan! They would be in the bottom 3.

"That Fei Tuo…as the only one to pass the 8th level of the heavenly bridge, an obviously exceptional being, would get 1st place without a problem.

"Primal region’s bottom 3, 1 would be Bolan, another Long Yun. Who would be the last?" Wuka frowned.

"It’ll definitely be either Mo Luo or Simayan." Rong Jun said, "Luo Feng, who do you think it’ll be?"

Luo Feng frowned.

Who?

Mo Luo!

It had to be him, as long as he was in the bottom 3, then Luo Feng would get the chance to fight him!

"I definitely have to personally defeat him, and step on him, definitely!" Luo Feng had long had this grudge he had to settle, the qualification battles was the chance he got to vent it out on…even if it were in reality, Luo Feng wouldn’t be lenient. Since Mo Luo’s kick back then…he had decided…

The 2, one of them had to die!