Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 591: Luo Feng Against Bolan

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Back when Mo Luo backstabbed him in demon note mountain and he even twisted the story after, Luo Feng didn’t have any proof, he didn’t have anyway to vent his anger within! Every heavy punch was filled with his rage, this made him a lot more carefree.

"This punk, this punk actually…" Mo Luo who was instantly heavily damaged and was getting punched in the face, he couldn’t even defend as his limbs were all broken.

He struggled for a few seconds before realizing there was no way to resist, just laying there and letting Luo Feng punch him.

"Luo Feng!!!"

Mo Luo roared within, simultaneously he swiftly left the virtual universe network and immediately his body vanished.

"Bang!" Luo Feng’s punch hit the air and landed on the stone below, splitting it apart, only then did he stand up.

Beside the dining table.

Wolfman Ke Luo Fu, Yu Feng, Bolan and Long Yun were all shocked from the scene, even the undying bald man slightly frowned.

"My bad!" Luo Feng stood up, turning and revealing a happy and bright smile to the group, "I was too crude earlier!"

"This punk." The bald man shook his head.

Luo Feng had indeed made a move earlier, however the virtual universe company were very lax with these group of geniuses, once the path was chosen, everything was allowed to be chosen solely by their wills. As for the battling within the virtual universe network? That hardly meant anything to them.

As no matter how you fought within the virtual universe, no one could die.

Hence the virtual universe company didn’t even care or manage such things.

The only thing was…

Subconsciously, these groups of geniuses were after all peerless talents, hence they usually cared about their appearances. Even more so when an upper echelon from the virtual universe company, an undying actually comes, he represented the upper echelon of the company, naturally people wouldn’t do such things.

However Luo Feng still went ahead with it!

"So what if I beat him up, I’m crude, so what?" Luo Feng thought.

…

The bald man beside the table shook his head and got up, looking at Luo Feng, "Indeed a disciple of True Yan emperor, exactly like your teacher, explosive and fiery! However you have you control yourself sometimes, hm, I’ll take my leave." After he finished, he left. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Only Ke Luo Fu, Yu Feng, Bolan, Long Yun and Luo Feng were left at the table.

"Vicious." Bolan said.

"You actually made a move." Long Yun said as he looked at Luo Feng, from that attack earlier, he could see that Luo Feng had a wild mad streak deep within his bones.

"If I don’t beat him, it would be unbearable, after doing so, it felt great!" Luo Feng laughed loudly as he walked to his seat and sat down, lifting his wine and downing it in a gulp, "I feel much better now, that Mo Luo’s shamelessness, if I didn’t vent it out, I couldn’t take it."

"Shameless?" Long Yun frowned.

Bolan and Yu Feng had curiosity in their eyes, from the information they had gathered and their short interaction with him, Mo Luo should be a nice guy.

"Hm, that Mo Luo is very scheming." Beside, Wolfman Ke Luo Fu suddenly said.

The rest all looked at him.

"I’ve suffered a little from it." Wolfman Ke Luo Fu looked at Luo Feng, "However from the looks of it, Luo Feng must have lost more."

"I almost lost my little life." Luo Feng teased.

Mo Luo quickly returned to the virtual universe primal region, within his own villa.

"This Luo Feng actually made a move, he dared to make a move? Before the upper echelon undying he dared to make a move?" Mo Luo was aching to fight, attacking someone in the virtual universe couldn’t kill anybody, however Luo Feng was simply too vicious and devious with his attack, he actually instantly broke his 4 limbs.

Thus he had no way to fight back, Luo Feng even sat on him and violently smashed his face in!

Rage!

There were no injuries on his body, however the shame was a lot more unbearable than the damage. Shame, humiliation!

"This Luo Feng, this Luo Feng…" Mo Luo gritted his teeth wanting revenge.

There was no way at all!

This attack was completely one sided, and he was helpless!

…

After the gathering ended, Bolan, Ke Luo Fu, Yu Feng and Long Yun could be said to have watched a good show. Mo Luo held the rage within, Luo Feng however was carefree and happy.

2nd day!

Contest battles were officially beginning, Luo Feng’s first opponent was…Bolan!

"That Long Yun is indeed not a threat at all, I’ll settle him in an instant." Mo Luo sat in his dark quiet study, opening a screen and swiftly selecting Luo Feng and Bolan’s match to watch, Mo Luo was previously heavily injured by Bolan before he killed him, hence he didn’t dare be little Bolan.

To Luo Feng, he naturally knew how strong he was.

As Luo Feng had defeated the 4 warriors that had passed the 7th level of the heavenly bridge, hence he had the right to participate in this contest battles. His strength was definitely strong!

Mo Luo recognized the importance of Luo Feng and Bolan’s fight.

"Who’s stronger?" He stared at the screen, "Let’s hope Bolan teaches Luo Feng a good lesson."

The scene on the screen was the air above an ocean.

Luo Feng and Bolan’s fight was very exciting, 1 used the blade world while the other had space as the main and time as the support, his attacks were terrifying and unpredictable! The flow of time constantly changed as the 2 battled non stop without a clear advantage in either!

"Hm!"

"This Luo Feng can actually match up to Bolan?" Mo Luo frowned, "Not good! Luo Feng is about to win!"

The vast skies above the ocean, had completely become a blade world!

The skies and land warped!

Countless amounts of blade energy revolved about, Luo Feng stood on his dark cloud shuttle in mid air, before him, 2 powerful threads of blade energy had condensed, in the distance, the white robed and blood red bleed wielding Bolan was obviously fatigued, there were many heavy wounds on his body, from his chest down to his legs, fresh blood stained the white robe.

"Luo Feng, you are much stronger than back then." Bolan stared at Luo Feng.

"You are very strong too!" Luo Feng looked at Bolan, "However, let’s end this battle now!"

"Bring it!" Bolan stared at him.

Actually when Luo Feng had heavily injured Bolan earlier in the fight, the end of the battle was already set.

Xiu! Xiu!

2 threads of blade energy tore through the skies, infused with gold origin laws and space origin laws, plus it was 2 threads of condensed blade world energy, it attacked swiftly from 2 sides at Bolan. And the heavily injured Bolan swiftly dodged, he was however affected by his injuries, barely blocking one thread of blade energy, the other pierced right through his forehead!

"Rumble…" The blade world dispersed and countless gold lights swiftly returned to the dark golden long rod on Luo Feng’s back.

Bolan’s body fell from the skies, landing in the endless ocean.

Luo Feng looked at the body fall from mid air, shocked within.

Actually he had treated Bolan with respect, he didn’t instantly take out all his strength and wipe him out, but only used part of it to enjoy a good fight with him. However even so, he was shocked at Bolan’s improvement speed!

Before!

When he unleashed about 300 times of his spirit energy, along with the Nan Shen Armament’s Blade world, only then could he unleash 2 threads of blade energy to kill Bolan!

"I passed the 7th level of the heavenly bridge much earlier than Bolan!"

"However, if I didn’t receive the Demon note inheritance, if I didn’t have my soul pressure advantage, then I wouldn’t even be his match." Luo Feng was shocked within, Bolan’s strength was actually so much stronger than Sa Jin, Ge and Ni Nan. He was probably comparable to chemist Yu Feng!"

Bolan’s improvement was too shocking.

He had only passed the 7th level 2 years ago, his strength was already close to the primal region’s Mo Luo. This forced Luo Feng to have to amplify his spirit energy to 300 times before he could win!

Of course…

If Luo Feng had used his soul pressure, and amplified his spirit energy to above 1800, the battle would have ended instantly.

"Teacher was right." He thought, "Bolan’s talent in space laws are incredible, the moment he focuses on it, his improvement speed would be shocking! And combined with his partial comprehension of time laws, the 2 melded together, they are indeed a troublesome and dangerous combo."

The universe primal chaos tablet, it was the hardest one of all and also the strongest.

Sou!

Luo Feng was teleported out.

His first battle, Luo Feng against Bolan, Victory! Results, 1 win, 0 draw, 0 loss!

…

Within the quiet study, Mo Luo had finished watching the footage of the battle between Luo Feng and Bolan, he couldn’t help but nod.

"This Luo Feng is indeed strong, comparable to Bolan." He revealed a smile, "However, I have a guarantee of defeating Bolan! Even though it may be troublesome against Luo Feng, I’ll still win without a problem!"

"Hm!"

"The 2nd match is about to begin, my opponent is Luo Feng." Mo Luo’s eyes gleamed with wildness, "Luo Feng, I’ll make you taste despair with this match."

Absolute beginning, Luo Feng’s villa’s study, he was watching the 2 other battles that had occurred.

Mo Luo against Long Yun, instant victory! Ke Luo Fu against Yu Feng, it was slightly troublesome, but Ke Luo Fu still won!

"Wolfman Ke Luo Fu is simply too strong." Luo Feng instantly let go of his feelings of relaxation, his own strength, he was very clear. As he had received the demon note inheritance, his spirit energy amplitude had been raised over 20 times, it made him leave Sa Jin, Ge, Ni Nan and the others far behind!

Chemist Yu Feng, as a chemist was simply too peculiar, it was a little troublesome, but he still won.

Only wolf man Ke Luo Fu, no matter how hard he tried he couldn’t win.

"Even though my spirit energy amplitude is strong, my comprehension isn’t enough, I still cannot reach the Nan Shen Armament’s balde world’s 2nd level, Omnipotence." He thought, "Right now I can only be considered at the pinnacle of the 1st level."

Nan Shen Armament’s 6 th level blade world could be split into 3 levels.

1st level, gathering 1 thread of blade energy, condensing more of the blade energy allowed one to form 2 threads, 3 threads…the distance used could be increased and slowly one could gather more threads further.

The 2nd level, one could swiftly condense the blade energy anywhere. For example condensing it suddenly behind the opponent’s head, instantly killing him.

The 3rd level was even more absurd. It could condense the entire blade world into 1 blade, that one blade infused with all the world energy, instantly killing the opponent!

Currently, Luo Feng was only at the pinnacle of the 1st level.

This was relying strongly on his spirit energy amplitude, in terms of law comprehension, just these few years of work had a limit on his improvement.

"Luo Feng, your 2nd primal region contest battle is about to begin, opponent Mo Luo!" The virtual universe system’s voice rang in Luo Feng’s ears.

Shua!

He was already teleported.

Luo Feng’s 2nd battle, began!