Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 594: Shock

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Even though the pain was still within Luo Feng’s threshold, that sort of piercing pain swiftly permeated into his head, even his brain felt the effects of it, waves and waves of radioactive piercing pain, almost like countless ants biting within his brain, even a universe level genius whose willpower wasn’t strong enough wouldn’t be able to withstand it.

These were all secondary, the most important thing was…

Consciousness!

One’s consciousness was deep within the brain, a universe level’s soul too was within that consciousness. A body simulated within the virtual universe was naturally a typical normal body, hence in the network…Luo Feng’s weak point was his consciousness!

The pain had spread throughout his brain and permeated into his consciousness, causing it to shudder within.

"Even though drug 19’s attack on the body is weaker, it is stronger against the brain and its mental effect reaches an absolute level, naturally it can affect the consciousness and once that’s done, a spirit reader will definitely fall!" Flying in the distance on his weapon, Yu Feng’s eyes gleamed, he pointed straight at Luo Feng.

"Go and die!" Immediately countless threads were like sharp blades rushing at Luo Feng, no matter how much of a genius one was, this body was a normal universe level 9 body simulated by the virtual universe company. It would definitely be instantly destroyed.

Against the overwhelming number of blades, Luo Feng’s eyes went cold!

"Subdue!"

His powerful willpower caused his soul to become like a rock, even if his consciousness was shaken, his used his willpower and consciousness to forcefully control his spirit energy. Almost like a general using his ability to direct his soldiers to steady a ship in turbulent waters. Simultaneously controlling his genetic energy and spirit energy to madly enter his body and destroy the poison.

"Even if the skies and lands are destroyed, nothing will affect me!"

Rumble!

Luo Feng, on his dark cloud shuttle, left behind an image and swiftly dodged, simultaneously controlling his blade world to attack, affecting the countless black threads, his eyes raging as he shouted: "Yu Feng, die!"

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

5 translucent dark golden blade shaped condensed blade energys, like 5 golden rainbows tore through the skies and shot at the black robed man. While it shot out, the 5 rainbows melded with the universe space laws, visible ripples could be seen by the naked eye in the surroundings, the blade world formed in the space had formed an incredibly powerful pressuring effect.

Blade world, it was that shocking!

"How could he get over it so easily? Just how terrifying his is willpower and consciousness?" The black robed Yu Feng’s eyes stared, filled with disbelief.

The threads of blade energy, like lasers shot through his body over and over, fresh blood stained his black robes.

His body fell directly from mid air, his eyes still filled with disbelief, as a chemist, researcher and creator, he was very clear on his drugs’ effects, even to the point where he tested the drugs on himself. He couldn’t even suppress the effects of drug 18, much less drug 19.

Luo Feng however suppressed it completely!

"Chi!" That torn and tattered body landed in the sand, Luo Feng landed beside, "Unless your drugs are able to pierce right through my mental state and make my consciousness rumble, they can never affect me."

Sou!

The virtual universe system transported Luo Feng out.

Luo Feng’s 4th match, against the chemist Yu Feng, victory! Result 4 wins, 0 draws, 0 losses!

…

In the universe, it was indeed possible for a drug to completely pierce through one’s mental state and make one’s consciousness crumble immediately, to reach a stage where it can make a universe level 9 warrior’s consciousness crumble, the process of creation was extremely difficult, and it must be a contraband drug. If one could produce it on a large scale, then there would be no point in having the universe soldiers in the wars outside the star fields.

The universe was after all fair.

It gave chemists the ability to create heavenly drugs that were extremely powerful, yet it also made their path extremely difficult.

The overpowering drugs were set to be hard to produce in numbers, even to the point where the creator may not be able to use it himself safely.

"I’ve lost, that would be my strategy’s fault." Yu Feng was dressed in a white robe in his lab, swiftly pondering the reason for the loss, "He’s a spirit reader, his attack methods use spirit energy, then no matter how much I harm his body, with his willpower, he can still use spirit energy to control the Nan Shen Armament and attack me."

"Hence, my initial path of attack was right."

"I first have to affect his use of the Nan Shen Armament."

"1 is to immediately use soul affecting drugs, however my Kasiwo number 6 drug also failed. 2 is to pierce his mental state and affect his consciousness, affecting his control of the Nan Shen Armament from deep within." Yu Feng frowned and pondered, "My thought process wasn’t wrong, hence, there’s only one reason!"

"My drugs aren’t strong enough!"

Yu Feng didn’t think anymore, he immediately tapped in mid air ahead of him and an extra huge screen appeared, on it were a blur of words, he then immersed himself back into his drug research…

Chemists were lone warriors, they had to endure this loneliness too.

Rather, in the vast universe, just the number of life forms alone was countless, much less the types of materials, like plants, just that name alone, even if one recited for up to a hundred million years, he wouldn’t be able to recite all the types of plants in the universe. The many types of plants, metal, liquids, gas…

Everything that could be discovered in the universe.

Whether it was stars, planets, black holes and even microscopic life forms, everything was within a chemist’s field of research. If a chemist was able to produce a black hole through his own methods, then that black hole would be one of his drugs. Naturally that’s an exaggerated example.

Before a black hole, even the universe space would crumble, even an undying would sucked in and destroyed.

Creating a black hole?

The path of the chemist, till date there hasn’t been one who’s accomplished it.

The universe was incredibly vast, with many generations of chemists one after another, however, they still felt as though…there were countless paths for them to proceed on. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Maybe there would come a day where some chemist would have some shocking discovery.

He won!

Luo Feng had defeated the chemist Yu Feng and acquired 4 consecutive wins. Ke Luo Fu too had completed his 4th battle and defeated Long Yun!

Hence, the 2 of them had 4 consecutive wins!

…

The tens of thousands of core members in virtual universe company’s Yu Xiang Mountain were all paying close attention to the upcoming match, even the domain lords and sector lord level members were all awaiting this match. Because usually, halfway through the contest battles, they would be able to tell who would get the slot already.

This time however, it was actually up to the final match.

"This punk from the Ganwu universe country, he just joined the virtual universe company not long ago, only 200 years and he’s actually able to attempt to enter the primal region?"

"However from the footage, Ke Luo Fu is indeed very strong."

After Luo Feng defeated Yu Feng, he sat quietly in his own study, 4 consecutive wins, it made him have the highest chance to enter the primal region.

"Wolfman Ke Luo Fu!"

"A majestic battle to settle this!"

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, almost like a mad golden horned beast.

"Luo Feng!" A voice suddenly rang in his mind, making him stunned as he swiftly ran downstairs, there in the living room, True Yan Emperor stood in a simple golden long robe.

"Teacher!"Luo Feng quickly bowed respectfully.

True Yan emperor carefully observed Luo Feng, a smile appeared on his face as he nodded, Not bad, you’ve done very well this time."

"Your student hasn’t entered the primal region, there’s still one more battle." Luo Feng revealed helplessness, "However this last battle, he doesn’t have any guarantee at all."

"You’ve done well enough." True Yan immediately sat in the sofa and gazed at Luo Feng, "You’ve had 4 consecutive wins this time, 1, the win over Bolan has proven you are the most exceptional in the batch of the genius competition. 2, the win over the primal region member Mo Luo has proven your strength is already primal region level. 3, the win over Yu Feng has proven that even such an exceptional chemist cannot find your weakness."

Luo Feng stood at the side without any sense of pride.

True Yan was surprised as he saw the situation, normally when a teacher teaches a disciple, he worries that his student would get arrogant. But this disciple of his…had been perpetually humble. Even when he complimented him, Luo Feng remained the same.

"But I don’t have any guarantee of beating Ke Luo Fu." Luo Feng was still completely immersed on his upcoming 5th match.

"Beating?"

True Yan laughed out loudly, his laughter rang out throughout the entire living room.

"Teacher?" Luo Feng asked curiously.

"I’ve watched your entire qualification battles this time, hence I’ve seen the battle between you and Ke Luo Fu." True Yan emperor was filled with smiles, "I dare say, he definitely has the ability now to pass the 8th level of the heavenly bridge!"

"What?"

Luo Feng stared wide eyed, "Pass the 8th level?"

Passing every level of the heavenly bridge was incredibly difficult, within the entire virtual universe company’s universe level core members, only the strongest Fei Tuo of the primal region had passed the 8th level. Fe Tuo, the one and only!

Wolfman Ke Luo Fu could pass the 8th level too?

If others had said this Luo Feng would have taken it as a joke, but this coming from his own teacher, the undying being closest to becoming a universe country leader.

"I’ve seen the footage of the previous qualification battles of Ke Luo Fu, he wasn’t that strong before, his strength exploded within the past couple of hundred of years." True Yan sat there and gently sipped his tea, "Passing the 8th level of the heavenly bridge, other than Fei Tuo, there’s no other universe level core members that can be his match."

Luo Feng went silent.

The news his teacher had brought was enough to shock him.

"Don’t be dejected." True Yan emperor laughed, "This battle has already attracted the attention of many of the upper echelons of the virtual universe company. The wolfman Ke Luo Fu is very exceptional, your improvement is very shocking too. Hence the 2 of you both have gained great recognition and attention. Even if you simply lose this round, I believe the next qualification battles you’ll be able to make it into the primal region."

"Is it impossible this time?" Luo Feng took a deep breath.

Right.

His own strength, was already considered the pinnacle of the 7th level. The wolfman Ke Luo Fu was still able to completely suppress him, he indeed had the power to pass the 8th level.

"The final battle of the contest battles!"

"Looks like I have to use that move!" Luo Feng thought within, "Maybe I’ll still have 30% chance to win!"

He had never used that move before, the ‘cheating’ move of his.