Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 597: Dylan

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Wolfman Ke Luo Fu was participating in the qualification battles while in the impossible mission zone? The primal region, absolute beginning region and the elites of all 4 regions were all shocked that Ke Luo Fu actually was so daring, doing such a dangerous thing. The impossible level missions were considered forbidden areas to the universe level members of Yu Xiang mountain.

Impossible level, 90% die there, who would still dare send such a large portion of their consciousness into the virtual universe network?

"Your majesty!"

"Your majesty!"

The leader sector lord Ao Duo bowed from the courtyard, he was followed by a group of guards along with the rest of the staff as they all bowed, Luo Feng walked out of the living room, looking at the group of guards, he was somewhat sad, as he was about to move to the primal region, naturally he had to separate from this group that was under him, he immediately said, "Ao Duo, you and your group have been with me for close to 200 years. Even though we part now and you’ll no longer be my guards, we’ll still always be friends."

"Your majesty." Sector lord Ao Duo and the rest were moved by those words.

The position of a primal region member was extremely high. Much higher than Ao Duo and the others, yet Luo Feng still spoke those simple words, even if he only said it to appease them, it made their hearts warm anyway.

"You all seem like you don’t want me to leave, haha, you never know, I might get kicked out of the primal region some year." Luo Feng laughed and joked, "When that happens, I’ll need you all to be my guards again."

"How can you say that, since your majesty could make it into the primal region, you won't get kicked out ever." Ao Duo said.

"The competition will always be there, there is no absolute." Luo Feng laughed and shook his head, "Alright, all of you, our adventure together ends here."

After he finished, Luo Feng rushed into the sky.

Ao Duo and the over 100 guards along with many more staff members all watched as his silhouette disappeared into the endless skies, they all sighed. Their strength and position was low, they could only be guards and staff. Luo Feng however was a true absolute genius favored by the upper echelon members of the virtual universe company.

Some normal undyings, to these upper echelon members, do not even compare to these absolute geniuses.

After saying goodbye to Lady fox and leaving absolute beginning region, he arrived shortly after at primal region.

The main entrance of the primal region was much more majestic, using grey ancient stones to make the shocking entrance.

"Your majesty Luo Feng." A white bearded old man in a white robe waved at him, he gave off an aura that brightened up the entire area, making people feel warm and comfortable, he was like a sun, "Welcome to the primal region and congratulations on becoming a primal region member."

"Thanks." Luo Feng smiled and nodded.

"I am Ai Tuo, the manager of the primal region." The white robed man’s white beard floated gracefully in the wind, "Please follow me."

Luo Feng followed Ai Tuo and flew in mid air.

And the group of sector lords that were originally following behind Ai Tuo and bowing began a hushed discussion about the new member Luo Feng.

…

In mid air.

Luo Feng and Ai Tuo were flying, while flying, Luo Feng gazed down below and was shocked as he felt a powerful ripple of origin law rippling over from somewhere far away.

"Your majesty Luo Feng, "Ai Tuo saw what happened and smiled, "The greatest difference between the primal region and the absolute beginning region is that there are more undyings living here.

"Firstly, every primal region member would be given a guard team!" Ai Tuo said, "They will have an undying lead the team. And every primal region member can pick their own undying teacher that will stay long term with them in their villa. Hence, the number of undyings here is much higher than that of any other region.

Luo Feng couldn’t help but nod.

It was indeed so, with an undying in the guard team, and another as his teacher. Every member would at least have 2 undyings sticking close to them.

"The entire primal region has a total of 113 villas." Ai Tuo pointed down below at the continuous never ending row of villas, "There are 100 Sector lord members, 10 domain lord members, 3 universe level members. Every member is our virtual universe company’s most valuable treasures."

Luo Feng nodded.

Right.

A sector lord’s life span reached up to 1,000 eras, in that 1,000 eras, out of the entire 1,008 universe countries, the virtual universe company only absorbs 113 members. This alone showed how high these 113 were in position! It far exceeded the normal undyings, of course…the difficulty for remaining within the primal region was definitely the highest for the sector lords.

The 2 tore through the skies.

They flew past the many 1,000s of li villas, finally after a while, Ai Tuo began to slow down.

"That villa 113, is your majesty’s villa." Ai tuo pointed at the spacious villa.

"Hm." Luo Feng looked down and gazed at it.

The villa’s walls were like a continuous mountain range, extending on forever, until the end of one’s vision. Just in terms of surface area, this villa was larger than any of earth’s country’s territories. Of course within the vast universe, using an entire planet as one’s home territory was a common thing.

Undyings had their god countries, and these were extremely vast.

Hence to the undyings, using an entire planet as a villa was considered simple living.

…

Sou! Sou!

Ai Tuo and Luo Feng landed at the entrance of the villa, and there, lined up in an orderly fashion were groups of his guards and staff, with one glance, they easily reached up to 10,000 people, at the front of them all stood a bald man dressed in a black exquisite looking robe, this man had a silver scale and some engravings on his forehead.

"Your majesty!" The bald man slightly bowed.

"Greetings your majesty!" Over a thousand of his soldiers behind him all knelt down on one knee and shouted respectfully, their energies united as one.

"Greetings your majesty!"

The ten thousand staff members all knelt down, incomparably humble and respectful. These staff were all specially picked and nurtured by the virtual universe company, they were used to service the virtual universe company’s true core members. To these staff, being able to work for a primal region member was of the utmost honor.

"Your majesty Luo Feng, this is the leader of your guards…Dylan!" Ai Tuo pointed at the bald man and said, "Dylan is an undying specializing in soul attack and defense, he is extremely strong. Amongst the many guard team generals, he is considered of the top class."

Luo Feng was shocked within.

As he was close to his teacher True Yan emperor, he was very clear on the strength distribution.

According to position, general…Official…Emperor.

And under the virtual universe company, Official level undyings could easily kill a group of normal undyings, hence in truth, the most normal undying…compared to the official level undying had a great difference in between. This made the difference between a general level undying and a normal undying extremely huge too.

The stronger generals are even close to Official level.

"The highest, doesn’t that mean he’s close to an Official?" Luo Feng was shocked, "And he specializes in soul attack and defense. Such a powerful general, why would he become my guard leader?"

"Your majesty, my teacher is Bloodthirst emperor." The bald man bowed slightly.

"3rd senior?" Luo Feng was shocked.

True Yan’s life span was incredibly long, at least Luo Feng still wasn’t clear on just how long he had lived. But it was definitely much longer than Mist emperor’s. And he was very cautious in accepting disciples, he had to be good in character and temper or he wouldn’t be accepted at all, however the path to undying was extremely tough, becoming an emperor was even harder.

Amongst True Yan’s disciples, only his 3rd disciple became an emperor.

"The grandmaster is very concerned about you, his disciple." A voice resounded within Luo Feng’s mind, "He’s worried that when you reach domain lord level and you go out to explore. Hence he arranged for someone he trusted to become the leader of your guards! I sent out my request and the other generals aren’t as strong as I am, hence naturally I passed."

Luo Feng looked at this bald man, a smile appearing on his face.

He was actually the senior in terms of hierarchy of this undying?

"With this relationship, Luo Feng opened up a lot easier to this bald man, however Luo Feng decided at the time too…when he got back, he would contact his teacher True Yan Emperor. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"Mr Dylan, I’ll be in your hands in from now on." Luo Feng said.

"This is my job!" Dylan bowed.

"Haha, your majesty Luo Feng, Dylan is the leader of your guards, he is also the manager of your villa. I’ll let him tell you about the other matters, I’ll take my leave first. If you have any need of my help, please feel free to look for me." Ai Tuo smiled.

"Thank you Mr Ai Tuo." Luo Feng expressed his gratitude.

After which, the white haired old man became a beam of light and swiftly left.

"Your majesty, please follow me." The bald Dylan led the way and brought Luo Feng on a tour of his villa to get used to it.

…

Within the training grounds of the villa.

Luo Feng stood there respectfully, a screen floated before him, there stood the golden armored apeman True Yan emperor.

"Teacher." Luo Feng bowed respectfully.

"You’ve met Dylan." True Yan laughed loudly.

After hearing those words, Luo Feng knew immediately that Dylan was indeed sent by his teacher.

"In the future when you enter the domain lord level, you’ll be placed outside with great authority." True Yan said on the screen, "The power will affect you in many ways that you cannot imagine, and while you’ll have glory on one hand, you’ll face dangers on another. Many of them you won't be able to imagine now. Some of these dangers are even more dangerous than what you may find at the impossible level missions."

Luo Feng was shocked.

"And because of my temper, it’s made me have many enemies outside." True Yan said, "Of course those rubbish bugs do not dare come mess with me. But I’m worried they may come mess with you!"

"Enemies?" Luo Feng was shocked.

"Once you are placed outside, you won't be as safe as being here in the core of the virtual universe company." True Yan Emperor said, "Of course they wouldn’t dare openly attack you, because the moment I discover them…they would be dead without a doubt!" True Yan’s natural strength and brutality didn’t make others feel like it was tyranny, rather, more of a natural thing altogether.

"Teacher, if you have enemies, why don’t you go kill them?" Luo Feng asked.

"Ah…"

True Yan seemed rather embarrassed about it, he said, "My student, your teacher’s way of doing things usually doesn’t beat aroundthe bush, I say whatever I want do and do whatever I want to. Back then I killed many and scolded many, in an instant, I made many enemies too. Just who I’ve offended and all, actually I’m not very sure myself, anyway there are many little matters that others might hold grudges to."

Luo Feng couldn’t help but be speechless.

"However no one dares to openly come attack me. Those that have are all dead." True yan smiled as he said, "Let’s not talk about this, there’s one more very important thing…now that you are in the primal region, you have the right to pick an undying teacher to stick with you for a long time and teach you. This is a rare opportunity."