Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 600: Leaving

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Back then on blood river world, the mosha clansman relied on the automaton ship to decimate the blood river world, wantonly raking in close to 10,000 blood river crystals.

Even though the golden horned beast’s body was much bigger than the wild beast Qi Niu, it barely managed to absorb up to 97 blood river crystals, the killing intent from any crystal absorbed after was simply too terrifying, Luo Feng’s willpower had no way to withstand it. Hence, back then he had to stop temporarily and quietly wait till a breakthrough occurred in the future.

"Demon note inheritance, during its training it constantly tested my withstanding ability, it’s been a huge training factor for my willpower."

"And this inheritance is used to change one’s soul, it’s already increased my soul’s control by over 10 times." Luo Feng thought, "Plus these 12 years, my mental state training has never stopped."

Mental state training was completely different from training other things.

Like origin law comprehension and studying techniques, those require a large amount of focus and energy etc.

Mental state however, didn’t require so much, it was more of placing oneself in the right state of mind.

For example during battle, one had to collect oneself, otherwise losing control of one’s emotions during the battle would result in only 70-80% of strength.

And like Thunder god and Hong, their mental state training has reached an extremely high level, no matter how complex a situation, it wouldn’t affect their state at all. Their battle abilities would in fact still shine through it! Others may exceed their usual abilities through special circumstances, and people like Hong however were able to unleash 200% of his power at any time!

This was was with the right mental state, allowing one to release his strength at an extreme level.

Of course…

In terms of mental state training, Hong had already reached a super level of sainthood in china’s history! Even Thunder god, his mental state was only slightly weaker than Hong’s. And Luo Feng…was weaker than Thunder god by a little.

Luckily, Luo Feng had Hong and Thunder god, the 2 great figures to teach and guide him, hence his mental state had always been improving.

Mental state training didn’t have much relation to the amount of time spent.

And some warriors training, wanting to reach undying had to train for at least a few tens of thousands of years, some requiring millions!

However in terms of mental state training, just a short 10 years was enough to reach an extremely high level. After all, the ancient people of china didn’t have life spans over 100.

12 years!

Over these 12 years, Luo Feng had improved quite a lot. It was a pity in the 3 great mental states, he was still only at the pinnacle of the 1st level, of course in terms of willpower alone he was already incredibly strong.

…

Luo Feng stood in the quiet plaza.

Within his internal world.

The enormous mountain range like golden horned beast, its huge golden eyes bigger than 2 ponds stared at the right scaled claw, the blood river crystal lay within.

"Number 99!"

The right claw clenched and a sharp claw slashed through the palm, immediately the scales tore apart and that little tiny blood river crystal was controlled by the beast’s spirit energy into the wound, from the touch, a formless energy immediately poured into the golden horned beast’s body.

"Howl…"

It raised its head and let out a pained howl.

This was a clash of killing intent and willpower!

An endless amount of killing intent engulfed it, almost like countless war vehicles howling and forcing its way through, Luo Feng’s willpower was condensed and sharp like a blade, defending against the many attacks. This pure clash of willpower, even if one had lots of strength and power, it wouldn’t help this situation at all.

"I definitely must win!"

"I definitely can win, this killing intent cannot defeat me, it cannot get through!" Luo Feng’s willpower roared.

Time and again, persevering…

Suddenly, the originally incredibly fierce killing intent backed away like a river, swiftly retracting,. Simultaneously the blood river crystal lying in the golden horned beast’s right claw began to flow with blood river energy, the energy continuously entered the right claw, once again changing the beast’s terrifying right claw.

The pain, once again attacked!

One could only imagine the amount of pain the 99th crystal brought with it, it caused the golden horned beast to madly clash against the land, tearing through the mountain ranges, however painful…it could only bear with it.

Finally, the pain subsided.

The 99th crystal had completely fused with its right claw.

Howl…The golden horned beast raised its head and howled happily, its howl reverberating throughout the endless internal world.

It slightly raised its right claw, triggering the powerful blood river crystal within it and immediately the claw began to undergo a change, its bones, scales and muscles etc, up to the finest of its cells began to evolve from within, it immediately formed the dark gold claw and on it were many little complex blood red engravings.

The engravings covered the entire right claw, they joined to form a picture, one of a beast howling.

"What a peculiar picture!"

Before, when he successfully absorbed the 98th crystal, the right claw’s blood red engraving picture that appeared didn’t at all look like this beast howling, however when the 99th went through, it added up to a hundred other engravings that combined and made the originally scattered engravings much more complete than before.

The engravings formed a complete beast, a lot like the beast of the beast god statue.

The only difference was…

It doesn’t have the single horn like the beast god statue! And because it’s missing the horn…it looks like this blood red engraving picture is yet to be complete.

"I think when I successfully absorb the 100th, it’ll be complete."

"Hm, I’ll try and see if I can successfully absorb the 100th blood river crystal." The golden horned beast once again retrieved another crystal, trying once again to absorb it…

******

Within the plaza.

Luo Feng stood in the plaza, the stone ground beside was covered in fresh blood, it was blood that the earth body spit out in pain while absorbing the 99th blood river crystal earlier.

"Hu!"

"Absorbing the 100th crystal was a failure." Luo Feng rubbed the sweat off his forehead, "The final absorption of the 100th crystal was indeed very difficult, I think it’ll take a few more years after my willpower rises more before it’ll succeed."

Absorbing the 99th crystal was a success, the 100th was a failure, Luo Feng however was still very excited.

Because according to the red engraving showing on its right claw, it was that of a beast howling, and that beast was almost completely similar to the beast god statue, only it was missing a horn.

"Blood river crystal," it’s indeed linked to the legendary beast god of blood river world." Luo Feng thought, "Whether it’s a blood warrior, black warrior, or the blood river energy the golden horned beast triggers, they are all linked to the beast god."

"Hm."

"And I think, after I successfully absorb the 100th crystal, the horn will appear. And after the entire picture is complete…there may be a huge surprise." Luo Feng was elated, he looked around the plaza, there weren’t any other life forms but him there, below however in the deep abyss world there were trillions of beasts.

Countless beasts, even undying level huge beasts, there were many of them.

"Time to go back!"

Luo Feng’s body warped.

Sou!

He switched with the mosha body and it instantly became an ice bear. A simple cute ice bear that looked about and rushed fiercely forward.

Hu!

The ice bear immediately passed through the white light barrier, it glanced down at the endless abyss world below with countless beasts, with a plop, it landed in the ice below, standing back up stupidly. The surrounding other stupid beasts all didn’t even seem to notice this ice bear.

"Hm?" The ice bear looked up at the 32 floating palaces above, "Ah, all 32 of them have the white barrier?"

Following which, the light that protected Luo Feng’s palace slowly began to dissipate.

"Looks like the other 31 palaces all have life forms accepting the inheritance." The ice bear glanced, "Anyway, I’ve already accepted what I could, and I cannot get anymore. Hm, time to grasp the time and leave!"

The ice bear looked about.

In the vast cold deep abyss world, no matter which direction he looked, it seemed endless, it was littered with endless beasts, and the number of beasts was simply unbelievable."

"How…how do I get out?" Ice bear Luo Feng was stunned.

"How did I enter and how do I go?"

Back then it was due to Mo Luo’s kick that he entered the hole and fell into the deep abyss world. However, flying out of the hole to leave?

"The deep hole region has many huge undying level beasts. Everyone of them simultaneously watches over many holes, just the undying beasts alone, their swallowing energy is terrifying. I’d best not mess with them." Luo Feng recalled.

The entire region below the holes were all undying beasts.

And while Luo Feng was in ice bear form, he didn’t see any other beast fly into the holes.

"Even the other beasts don’t fly into the holes. Whatever they are not doing, I cannot do." Luo Feng thought.

…

Then, the ice bear immediately began to explore the deep abyss world, however after 3 days, it still hadn’t found a way to leave the area, it was getting anxious.

"I’ll just follow one direction and keep walking!"

"I don’t believe I won't reach an end!"

The ice bear began to proceed in one single direction, occasionally running and flying millions of km, occasionally stumbling and walking about, just like that, it walked further and further, gradually, the beasts it could see also got lesser.

"When will I actually walk out of this place."

Ice bear Luo Feng muttered, it continued to proceed in one direction, the beasts within its view got so little that he would only occasionally spot one.

"Howl!"

Terrifying demon note instantly swept past the area, ice bear Luo Feng only slightly shook. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Even though it was a transformation of the mosha clansman, the core within the ice bear was still afterall Luo feng, and the core was hidden within the soul, naturally it would be affected by the demon note.

"This demon note, should be able to affect a lower level sector lord warrior."

"Demon note?"

The ice bear suddenly stopped, it’s eyes staring wide, filled with human emotions, "There’s finally demon notes!!!"

After walking about in the deep abyss world for so long, it hadn’t discovered a single demon note.

"Damn!"

"I’ve finally encountered a demon note."

Ice bear Luo Feng was incredibly excited, so excited he felt like crying.

"Discovering a demon note here, looks like I’m just about almost out of the deep abyss world." The ice bear was so excited it immediately became a blur as it flew, with 1 breath it flew several hundreds of thousands of km, finally seeing the vast stone ice walls, there stood many caves.

"The familiar caves, the caves that I adore so."

The ice bear waved its huge paws excitedly and immediately flew through one of the caves.