Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 603: 3 Rewards

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Luo Feng didn’t know himself that normally only one reward was given, to him, being able to pick from 3 different prizes was normal.

"3 rewards?" Luo Feng looked with anticipation at Sky Feather emperor up in the throne.

"The 1st treasure is the Chrysalis Armor." Sky feather emperor said slowly high in the throne, "The chrysalis armor is one of the more favorite armors amongst the undyings, it’s defensive abilities are not bad, if a sector lord level 1 or 2 uses it, it can completely defend against any attack under undying level unless it’s a soul attack, you are a spirit reader, all the more you should focus on defense, this armor will suit you well."

Luo Feng was shocked within as he heard, if a sector lord level 1 wore that armor, it was akin to having complete defense against anything under undying level, unless it was a soul attack? It was indeed a favorite armor amongst the undyings.

Babata too shouted within his consciousness, "Chrysalis armor, Luo Feng, your teacher only didn’t need all these armors back then after he evolved his cloud contact vine to undying level. Otherwise…even for you teacher, this chrysalis armor is not bad. Its auction price usually reaches 800,000 to 1 million mixed elements."

Luo Feng was shocked as he heard.

800,000 to 1 million mixed elements?

The entire price of the black dragon mountain star field was only about 300,000 to 1 million mixed elements. And an armor was actually worth more than the vast starfield?

"The 2nd reward is a palm size Flame void gold, it’s weight is about 3.1 tonnes." Sky feather emperor continued, "The flame void gold is an extremely valuable weapon material. Before you reach undying level, you may purchase some spirit weapons etc. However after you become undying, you’ll need to build weapons that fit the techniques you create, the flame void gold…belongs to an extremely rare class of materials for building weapons."

Luo Feng blinked.

Palm size of material?

"The 3rd is cash." Sky feather emperor said in his throne, "That chrysalis armor and flame void gold are both worth about 500,000 mixed elements, hence, the 3rd prize is 500,000 mixed elements cash. If you are dissatisfied with the previous 2 choices, you can pick cash, and you can buy whatever you need after."

"You can only pick one of the 3." Sky feather emperor gazed at Luo Feng, "Choose."

The other 24 official level undyings under him all changed their expressions, they were all shocked within.

They had followed Sky feather emperor for extremely long, it had been very long since they saw him speak so much, the huge reward was actually simply something fixed within the virtual universe company’s choices, usually they would casually pick a prize that was close to the amount just to satisfy those that collected the 10,000 black tags.

However this time…

Firstly, Sky feather emperor took out 3 prizes, that was shocking enough.

The chrysalis armor, even the undyings would all vie and fight for it, if Luo Feng used it, he could use it all the way till he reached undying level.

The flame void gold, that was even more rare and valuable, even Sky feather emperor himself said it was rare and very valuable. Just a palm size of it alone was that valuable.

Finally, the cash.

Actually, in comparison, the cash was the lousiest of the 3, however…Sky feather emperor had said if Luo Feng was dissatisfied with the 2 choices, he could use the cash to buy what he truly needed. This was completely all for Luo Feng’s sake. They had rarely ever seen Sky feather emperor treat someone so courteously.

"Babata, which should I choose?" Luo Feng asked within.

Even though he had some idea within, his experience and perspective was indeed weaker, Babata had seen and experienced a lot more.

"The chrysalis armor is not needed at this time, as we can quickly nurture the cloud contact vine to sector lord level, nurturing it to sector lord level 9 isn’t hard… as for becoming undying! Once it becomes undying, with your background and the level of favor from the virtual universe company, it’ll probably be even better than the chrysalis armor! And the moment you find a way to evolve your cloud contact vine to undying, there’ll be no more need of the chrysalis armor."

"As for cash! You don’t need it anyway!"

"Because your teacher’s entire account is in the bank, as long as you go there at domain lord level, to any of the universe galaxy banks in any starfield, you can retrieve his inheritance. Hence…you don’t lack cash."

"Right now, the most important thing to you is the Flame void gold!"

"Even though that Sky feather emperor said that both the chrysalis armor and the Flame void gold are worth 500,000 mixed elements, I have to say…Sky feather emperor’s position is extremely revered, hence he can acquire those items at 500,000 mixed elements. In truth, like I mentioned earlier, the chrysalis armor auctions at 800,000 to 1 million mixed elements, and the flame void gold…auctions at 1.5 million to 2 million mixed elements." Babata said.

"Why is the flame void gold so much more expensive than the chrysalis armor? And Sky feather emperor…why can he buy them at only 500,000 mixed elements?" Luo Feng was curious.

"Because!" FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"The flame void gold is extremely rare and few, almost all of it has been taken by the absolute beings." Babata said, "The rarer a material is, the more expensive it gets! Maybe Sky feather emperor may be able to buy it, but other undyings…even if they are willing to fork out twice the amount, they wouldn’t be able to buy it. In comparison, there’s a lot more of that chrysalis armor around."

"Also!"

"Luo Feng, you’ll eventually need to create your own suitable techniques, this is a path any strong warrior will have to walk, and normally at the pinnacle of sector lord level, you’ll begin to create your own techniques. During that time, you’ll begin to search for materials to build your own weapons." Babata said.

…

The 3 rewards that Sky feather emperor displayed had indeed made the 24 official level undyings suspicious…just what background did this Luo Feng have to make him that way.

True Yan emperor’s disciple?

It couldn’t be just that.

After all, in terms of status, Sky feather emperor was almost equal to True Yan. There was no need to be on good terms with him. And Sky feather’s character was extremely prideful, he didn’t even really care too much about some of the universe country leaders. Even if they were stronger than him, when Sky feather emperor unleashed his greatest technique…

If he truly wished to flee, even the universe country leaders would find it hard to kill him.

Actually in the vast universe, the group that were deemed extremely close to becoming universe country leaders, the emperor level undyings, they may not be a match for the universe country leaders in an all out fight. However, they all had their own great abilities that allowed them to rule over the universe, they still definitely had the ability to survive the fight.

This was also the reason why they didn’t need to rely on the universe country leaders.

"Lord Sky Feather, I’ll pick the 2nd reward, Flam void gold." Luo Feng said respectfully.

"Hmph!" Below the throne, Official Po Yu frowned, she snorted coldly within, "This universe level 9 punk actually knows that the flame void gold is the best choice of the 3, hmph, he must just be extremely lucky." Po Yu seemed to completely dislike Luo Feng.

"Haha…"

In the throne above, Sky feather emperor laughed out loudly, "Very well, this piece of flame void gold is yours."

With a toss, the completely transparent piece of crystal with a hint of gold glowing within passed through space instantly and appeared before Luo Feng.

"My god, teleportation?" Luo Feng was shocked.

He saw it very clearly, that crystal vanished from Sky feather emperor’s hand and appeared right before him. Even though he could resonate with the universe space, he could only faintly feel its ripples.

"After completing the demon mountain mission, you should be returning to the primal region." Sky feather emperor said.

Luo Feng couldn’t care about observing this piece of flame void gold, he immediately kept it in his space ring and replied respectfully, "Yes, even though I’ve entered the primal region for a few years, I’ve spent all these years in demon mountain. Hence I haven’t once entered the primal region."

"Hm, I’ll arrange for a universe ship to send you directly there."

After he finished, Sky feather emperor vanished from the throne.

After a while.

Luo Feng sat in the universe ship that Sky feather emperor had specially arranged for him, as he left demon mountain, not too far away in a space region specially cleared, it began to accelerate and enter universe transfer.

"This sky feather emperor sure is courteous." Luo Feng sat in the cabin and flipped his hand, revealing the 3.1 ton palm size transparent metal, the entire metal was like a clear crystal, even more transparent than a crystal! If one didn’t take notice…it was almost like air itself, only it had very fine hints of gold within.

He rubbed the flame void gold, even then he could feel the space about it slightly ripple.

"What a peculiar metal." Luo Feng was shocked within.

He immediately sent a piece of his consciousness into the virtual universe network, sending a letter to his teacher True Yan Emperor, telling him everything about him acquiring the flame void gold and the rewards choices etc, naturally he explained the entire process…because he felt that Sky feather emperor was incredibly friendly.

After awhile, he received a reply from his teacher.

Luo Feng opened it to look…

"Your teacher had once saved Sky feather’s life, however very few in the universe know about this. Don’t spread it…Reputation is very important to Sky feather emperor. If you respect him, he will return it 10 fold."

"Teacher, you are vicious!"

Luo Feng starred.

So it was that way, normally the more proud a person was, the more he couldn’t owe debts. What’s more, the debt of having his life saved by another?

"This teacher of mine is explosive and straightforward, I heard he’s offended many. He even told me to be careful and prudent when I become domain lord level and become a governor of a territory. However from the looks of it now…even though he indeed has enemies, he also has friends all around. And very powerful friends." Luo Feng sighed and smiled.

…

Time passed, after 3 months, the universe ship finally entered the primal region.

After the ship went through universe transfer and re entered the actual universe, it flew for half a day before reaching the core living area of the primal region geniuses.

"Your majesty Luo Feng, ahead lies the 113 villas where the geniuses live." A tall and sturdy man with 3 pairs of silver wings pointed ahead, the external simulation also allowed Luo Feng to see the distant 136 stars.

The enormous 136 stars revolved constantly in the space, it was incredibly mysterious.

Luo Feng watched on, suddenly the image of the leader of Tian Shi palace demonstrating the 9 black flame planets and the space laws appeared in his mind.

"It’s quite similar." Luo Feng felt the movement of the 136 stars revolving, feeling them resonate with the wonders of the space laws.

"These 136 stars, naturally form their own space, the geniuses that live here are incredibly safe. Even universe country leader level warriors have no way to barge into this space." The silver winged man laughed and explained, "This is also something the virtual universe company has spent a countless amount of energy and resources to prepare for its later generation."

Luo Feng was shocked within.

136 planets, forming their own space?