Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 606: Luo Feng’s Decision

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"I really don’t know." Thunder god shook his head, "I want to help big brother, but big brother only talks a little about it when we drink and he’s frustrated. Afterall our path together, we aren’t real brothers but are akin to one, and when I actually questioned him in detail about it, he wasn’t willing to say."

Luo Feng frowned.

"I’ll look for him." Luo Feng gently tapped the air before him, there a screen appeared, Luo Feng tapped and sent a mail to his big brother."

After a while.

A simply dressed Hong in black walked over, smiling as he said, "You are both here, 3rd brother, why the rush in looking for me?"

"Big brother, sit." Luo Feng said.

Thunder god stared at Hong.

Hong looked at their expressions and frowned, while he sat, he said, "3rd brother, you know too?"

"Hm!" Luo Feng nodded, looking very seriously at Hong, "Big brother, you are serious?"

"Hm." Hong nodded without any sense of hesitation.

When one reached Hong’s level of mental state, he saw through things extremely clearly.

"Haha, I never expected there to be a woman capable enough to attract big brother in the entire universe, I really want to meet this woman and see what magic she has." Luo feng smiled and said, of course as Hong nodded, he understood immediately…Hong seemed to have truly fallen in love.

As to why and how that woman attracted Hong and how their relationship began, these were things that Luo Feng definitely didn’t pursue.

"Is the problem big?" Luo Feng looked at his big brother.

"Somewhat." Hong seemed to frown a little.

"Big brother, tell me what family it is and who the undying behind the family is?" Luo Feng looked at Hong, "Tell me the situation and I’ll help you."

Hong looked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng looked at Hong too.

"I’ll have to trouble you this time now 3rd brother." Hong didn’t reject either, the 3 were all outstanding individuals, even Luo Feng whose mental state was the lowest between the 3 had long reached a state where he saw through things clearly…they were straightforward in almost anything they did and couldn’t care less with the formalities.

And they all understood each other’s thoughts.

"The family is the Jishi family, it’s one of the 300 aristocrat families of the Ganwu universe country, the girl is called Ji Qing." Hong said directly.

Luo Feng nodded.

He immediately opened a screen that floated before him, beside, Hong and Thunder god looked at it.

"Search!" Luo Feng entered the Jishi family of the 300 aristocrat families in the Ganwu universe, the undying being and information on Ji Qing.

With Luo feng’s authority as a primal region member, the amount of information he was able to pull up was extremely detailed.

Hua!

Many articles and lots of information immediately appeared on the screen, they covered the screen completely.

"Ah, why can't we see all this?" Thunder god asked curiously.

"Amongst the information here, there are parts which are confidential, hence you all can't pull up such information." Luo Feng laughed, "These are also part of the authority barriers of the virtual universe network." While he said so, Luo Feng gently tapped the article right at the top.

Once he opened it.

It was a compiled list of information according to Luo Feng’s search on undying within the Jishi family.

"Ah?" Luo Feng revealed a look of shock the moment he opened it.

"What’s the matter?" Thunder god asked, Hong’s eyes too were filled with anticipation.

"The authority required for the information here isn’t high, I can tell you here in the virtual universe." Luo Feng laughed and said, "You all should know that there are a total of over 13,000 star fields in the ganwu universe country, just the undyings under the country leader alone range in the tens of thousands. Of which there are some with great contributions and are powerful, those naturally have been given the titles Official and Emperor!"

A country level emperor or official was completely different from an official or emperor level undying.

Like some beginning level universe civilizations, the strongest may only be a universe level, however they are still emperors, or princes etc.

Hence…

Being an emperor or official of a small country wasn’t worth it, being one in a universe country was much bigger. Like the virtual universe company and Huge axe dojo, their emperors are the true pinnacles of strength and wealth!

Like True Yan emperor, he was at the emperor level!

However, he was much, much higher in position compared to the emperors of the Ganwu universe country!

An official or emperor level undying, was something only the super powers like the huge axe dojo or virtual universe company could bestow! What’s more…amongst the many universe countries, a lot of them didn’t have any emperor level undyings.

"The Ganwu universe country has a total of 32 emperors and 268 officials! Also called the 300 emperor and officials." Luo Feng said, "their power is extremely huge, they are well known amongst the over 10,000 undyings, almost all of them are official level undyings."

Hong and Thunder god listened intently.

"The Ji Shi family, their territory is the Snow border star field, their family ancestor, the 1st ancestor to establish the family name, the undying is called Ji Tian Cang, his Official level name is Silver snow official." Luo Feng said, Silver snow official belongs to the 300 emperor officials, he’s one of the longest officials to follow the country leader, he’s very well favored by the leader."

As Luo Feng spoke, he began to frown more.

This Ji Shi family wasn’t easy to deal with, their background involved the Ganwu universe country leader! Of course…the leader that was high above wouldn’t be bothered to mess with this little girl’s matters.

"So powerful?" Thunder god muttered.

"Hm." Hong seemed pretty calm.

"Ji Qing." Luo Feng continued, "Universe level 9, a rare absolute genius over countless years, now a core member of the universe mercenary alliance."

"What!" Hong stood up fiercely.

Thunder god stared wide eyed too, he opened his mouth wide, it took awhile before he actually muttered, "My god!"

The 5 great leviathans of humanity, the virtual universe company and huge axe dojo were slightly stronger, the others, the universe mercenary alliance, universe 1st bank and universe galaxy bank were slightly weaker. However no matter…the 5 were all on equal levels, the core members of the universe mercenary alliance still required absolute super geniuses to enter!

"She actually is…" Hong’s expression was complex, he shook his head.

He hadn’t joined the core of the huge axe dojo currently, he never expected that the seemingly normal girl he liked was actually a core member of the universe mercenary alliance.

Amongst the 5 leviathans, only the virtual universe company and the huge axe dojo would organize the genius competitions.

Hence, the other 3 powers mostly absorbed geniuses in the dark online, resulting in those absorbed to not have much reputation.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder god, the 3 earth brothers sat together.

"I was affected, whether she’s a core member of the universe mercenary alliance or not, it has nothing to do with my relationship with her." Hong looked at Luo Feng, "3rd brother, you’ve seen the information…this Jishi family is stopping my relationship with Ji Qing, do you have any way to solve this problem?’

"Yes I do." Luo Feng nodded without any hesitation.

"Thanks." Hong’s eyes were filled with gratitude.

Luo Feng laughed, "Big brother, you’ve been helping me these many years, it’s now my turn to return the favor, no need for thanks."

In terms of the mental state training, Hong had never once found it troublesome, but simply guiding Luo Feng…

"Haha…" Hong suddenly laughed.

Because deep within, Hong always remembered his 1st meeting with Luo Feng back then, his age was probably even older than Luo Feng’s grandfather, hence within, he always felt like he was caring for his younger little brother from a later generation, his doing so was a completely natural inclination, he had never once thought of Luo Feng reciprocating.

…

Yu Xiang mountain, within Luo Feng’s primal region villa.

Luo Feng quietly sat before his desk.

"Trouble?" Babata teased, sitting on his shoulder, "Do you feel that the situation is troublesome now?"

"What trouble, big brother has never once asked for my help before, with his personality, for him to actually ask this time…no matter what, I have to do something!" Luo Feng smiled, "What’s more, this matter to me, is indeed not too difficult, it only requires me to make a choice."

"Choice?" Babata was curious.

"Hm."

"I have 2 ways to solve this problem now." Luo Feng said, "The 1st, is to ask my teacher True Yan! With his status…even the Ganwu universe country has to show him respect, that Silver snow official naturally wouldn’t dare act any less, as long as the problem isn’t too huge, the moment my teacher appears, the issue would be solved."

This was the easiest and most direct method.

However…

Luo Feng didn’t wish to trouble his teacher every time, his teacher was indeed protective and partial to him, and he had never once asked his teacher for help before, occasionally asking…Luo Feng believed, his teacher wouldn’t reject.

However, within, Luo Feng felt that unless there was truly no other choice, otherwise it was best not to trouble his teacher.

"The 2nd?" Babata asked.

"The 2nd is for me to break through to the domain lord level now!" Luo Feng said, "The moment I breakthrough, I will immediately be sent out as a governor by the virtual universe company, and in my home place the Ganwu universe country. According to the rules…I’ll be within the virtual universe company’s Ganwu department’s upper echelon, one with the highest level of authority. As the bridge between the virtual universe company and the Ganwu universe country…the moment I take on the position, the group of undyings in the Ganwu universe country, those with power will still all have to respect me! Showing respect to the virtual universe company!"

Luo Feng was a primal region member with extremely high authority.

When a primal region member was sent out, the governor position he took on was extremely high.

Because within the virtual universe company, the primal region member position was akin to an official level undying, the governor position too…reflected this, naturally he would be amongst the highest in authority within the upper echelons of the Ganwu universe country’s department.

"Are you ready to breakthrough?" Babata was shocked, "Werent you intending to attempt the purgatory abyss before breaking through?"

"Hence, I’m pondering!"

Luo Feng frowned as he sat at his desk and pondered.

Actually, there was a 3rd method…that was for him to go meet the silver snow official Ji Tian Cang in the virtual universe now. However he was after all only a universe level primal region member…and the percentage of primal region members falling was extremely high, only few actually become undying. Even if they did become undying, they would normally only become official level undying, only very rarely would an emperor level undying appear.

Ji Tian Cang was an official level undying, existing for trillions of years, an old official highly respected and favored by the Ganwu universe country leader.

To a small kid like Luo Feng…to a kid that may fall at any time, plus this kid didn’t have anyway to influence him, he would at most treat him with some respect…however with regards to the problem, he probably wouldn’t give way!

"There’s no guarantee in the 3rd method."

"The 1st method has the highest guarantee, Teacher True Yan emperor can befriend the universe country leader and is among the upper echelon of the virtual universe company. The moment he appears, that Silver snow official wouldn’t dare deny him."

"The 2nd method, I’ll become a governor and when that happens, I’ll have huge power, I’ll represent the virtual universe company, my words will be much heavier than before!"

Luo Feng frowned. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

"However the 2nd method would mean I’d have to give up the purgatory abyss."

"Purgatory abyss!"

"The confusion galaxy’s big secret is definitely there, it’s just that I haven’t found it. Purgatory abyss is the top mission, the secret is definitely even bigger!"

Suddenly, the image of Ke Luo Fu’s situation popped up in Luo Feng’s mind, his expression couldn’t help but change slightly, sweat beaded down his forehead, he had unknowingly been affected by his own greed. From the 6 dangerous level missions before, he had surprisingly acquired the Purple 100 net leaf.

Hence he had been unwilling to give up on Confusion galaxy.

Luckily he had the Mosha clansman to go explore, so even though he had died several times, he was still able to revive it.

"Purgatory abyss is the top mission, if i'm too overconfident, I’ll probably die there too." Luo Feng took a deep breath, "When it’s time to step back, I have to step back, always chasing my limits…may not always be a good thing."

"What’s more, even if I completed the purgatory abyss mission, I’ll only get 1 million points. The 1 purple 100 net leaf I acquired before and that flame void gold far exceeds that worth."

"I’ll give it up!"

"I’ll give up the final purgatory abyss mission and get ready to breakthrough to the domain lord level!" Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

He suddenly felt like giving up at certain times had its own rewards.

…

"Teacher!"

Luo Feng stood before the screen, on it was his teacher True Yan emperor.

"What’s the matter?" True Yan smiled and looked at Luo Feng.

"Teacher, I feel like I can breakthrough to the domain lord level at any time, do you think that it’s better for me to stay in the universe level or enter the domain lord level." Luo Feng looked at True Yan emperor, even though he had made a decision, it was better to hear what his teacher thought.

"Ah? You feel like you can breakthrough already?" True Yan revealed a look of glee, laughing loudly, "Is there a need to say, of course you should breakthrough! The path of training, there’s time to be prudent and cautious, and other times to be brave and courageous, naturally this time you should push forward! Cutting past all obstructions! What’s the point of staying in the universe level for thousands of years like those seniors? Break into the domain lord level…then you’ll be competing against the domain lord level geniuses, the pressure will be higher, those are the truly valuable battles!"

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

"Move forward!"

"You must have a heart of always pushing forward! What’s more…sector lord level is the time where your origin law comprehension will improve the fastest! Whatever you are doing now is only little stuff. The sector lord battles are the most brutal." True Yan emperor looked at Luo Feng, "You should have finished 2 impossible level missions currently, with 1 last chance for 1 more right? What’s the difference if you miss one? If you lack points in the future…your teacher will use money to exchange for points and give you. The point rewards of an impossible level mission, isn’t worth much to me."

Even at the highest exchange rate, 1 million points represented 1 million mixed elements.

To an absolute being like True Yan Emperor, he indeed wouldn’t care.

Didn’t Sky feather emperor just simply throw out a piece of the flame void gold?

"A heart of always looking forward?"

"I’m only doing the little stuff now?" Luo Feng realized as he smiled at his teacher on the screen, replying respectfully, "Understood, Teacher. I’ll break through to the domain lord level now!"

"Go on!"

"Go explore the starfields, that’s the true place for the strong. Always staying under the protection of the virtual universe company, you won't ever grow." True Yan laughed on the screen.

"Hm."

Luo Feng nodded.