Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 609: Heading to The Ganwu Universe Country

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

The primal region was one of the most ancient universe secret regions and it was incredibly vast.

On black period continent.

The group of palaces went on continuously, as it was impossible to see it end to end. The many generations of primal region geniuses all stayed here. The control center of the entire black period continent was a 66 storey completely black tower. Even the lowest level alone was over 1,000km in length and width, and its height reaching 10,000 km.

This tower controlled the space all around.

Within the 45th level of the tower, there lay a blur of delicate equipment, screens etc, and around them were many silver clothed staff and very few black clothed staff. The enormous screens floating about the hall above suddenly all lit up.

"I want to take a universe ship and leave the primal region towards the Ganwu universe country." A voice suddenly resounded throughout the entire hall.

Immediately the black clothed staff in the hall all looked up. There, a silhouette was on the screen, it was the silver armored black haired youth.

"It’s his majesty Luo Feng!"

"Luo Feng wants to head out immediately to the Ganwu universe country? The order hasn’t been sent out right?"

"The distance from here to the Ganwu universe country is quite far. Even the most exceptional F grade universe ship would still require 1 to 2 years to reach. The longest the order would take to come is probably half a year. It’s not strange for him to depart now."

The group of black clothed staff all discussed softly.

One of the black clothed staff walked to the control board and pressed a button, replying respectfully, "Your majesty Luo Feng, your request has been sent to the control system. Once it’s authorized, it’ll go through immediately."

…

Black period continent, in the air above Luo Feng’s palace, a completely black flat universe ship floated about.

Within the universe ship.

"Dylan, your ship is really not bad. This is a F grade universe ship. I heard that even many undyings are unable to construct an F grade ship like that." Luo Feng sat on the sofa in the control room, looking around and smiling as he complimented.

"This Yan Asterisk ship was a reward from my teacher after I completed a great work." Dylan sat in the sofa beside.

"Reward?" Luo Feng was completely shocked.

His 3rd senior was indeed generous. This ship was only slightly below his Yun Mo Planet ship, however, it was still ultimately an F grade ship.

Di!

"Master, we’ve already acquired the authorization, we can leave immediately." A cute girl image appeared on the screen above the control board, her voice was clean and crisp.

"Let’s depart!" Dylan ordered.

"Yes!"

The ship immediately activated and swiftly flew into the skies, becoming a blur and swiftly flying towards space. As it flew to the side of the black period space…immediately the space about rippled and the ship pierced right through the ripple.

…

Half a day later.

Within the space, the Yan Asterisk ship was like a huge flat fish swimming in space.

"Your majesty, we’ve already left the primal region." Dylan smiled. "The primal region is the core of the Virtual Universe company. I didn’t dare begin my god country transfer there, but it’s possible now."

"Sorry to trouble you." Luo Feng stood right up.

His face was filled with anticipation as he looked out at the vast space, he had never seen or experienced this god country transfer.

"It’ll be quick!"

The black robed bald Dylan stood up beside him, as strong ripples began to generate from his origin law energies. His eyes looked at the endless space around. Suddenly, an incredibly glaring light lit up from his body, immediately spreading throughout and covering kilometers of space outside.

Ang!

The entire universe ship was engulfed in this blinding light.

"This is!" Luo Feng who was also engulfed in the blinding light was shocked as he stared wide eyed. He could faintly see a golden palace through the blinding light. "Is that the god country?"

Xiu!

The entire ship instantly followed the light pathway and swiftly entered the god country.

…

The god country transfer was kind of similar to a far distance teleportation! However this level of teleportation wasn’t the kind after one comprehended the origin laws and used the space law to teleport. Rather, it was the special energy the god countries had within, an ability that is there the moment one produces a god country.

The Yan Asterisk was completely engulfed in the blinding light and instantly vanished from that original space.

Within the undying Dylan’s god country.

"Wa!" Luo Feng stood within the control room. Through the external simulation, he could see the beautiful god country outside.

That jade blue color was like an endless ocean outside, there were ripples above the ocean. In the air above the endless blue…floated a golden palace that was almost like star, it glowed and lit up the entire god country.

"This is my god country." Dylan stood beside Luo Feng and smiled.

"How beautiful and majestic." Luo Feng looked at the distant gold shrine that lit up the entire god country ocean.

"Your majesty, the god country is an unyding’s most important place." Dylan stood beside and warned Luo Feng. "That’s why one must never ever bring enemies with threats into the god country. The moment they invade the god country, that would truly be a battle to the death. Once the god country crumbles…even if the undying manages to somehow survive, he would have no more future forever."

Luo Feng nodded.

"Also, the god country space transfer has to be sent to a very secure location where there’s no other undyings around in the area." Dylan said. "Because, the moment we begin the transfer, it would reveal the location of the god country. If other undyings discover where your god country is, that’d be a nightmare."

"Hm." Luo Feng nodded.

The god country was akin to one’s core.

It was extremely important.

One must never reveal it to others! This time, Dylan had brought Luo Feng and his guards all into his god country. However, as there were no other undyings in the guard team…they weren’t any threat to Dylan.

"Then shall we head to the Ganwu universe country now?" Dylan looked at Luo Feng.

"Hm." Luo Feng nodded.

Dylan’s body began to emit powerful law energies, simultaneously the golden palace suddenly lit up and gleamed brightly, condensing into a light pillar.

Rumble!

The light pillar rushed into the skies!

And the universe ship swiftly flew towards the pillar, flying straight into the pillar and vanishing within it.

Sou!

The super long distance teleportation was complete, the glaring light pillar vanished.

…

Within an unnamed mineral planet in the Ganwu universe country region, a glaring beam of light appeared and a flat ship appeared from that light.

"Your majesty, we are currently in the Ganwu universe country’s Roc stone star field." In the control room, Dylan stood beside Luo Feng and smiled. "I left some of my undying energy here before. Hence, no matter how far the distance is, I am able to feel this energy through my god country…and directly teleport via my god country."

"You have to leave undying energy to be able to do the teleport?" Luo Feng asked curiously.

"Yes." Dylan nodded. "I have to confirm the destination to do the transfer! And every undying’s energy is unique…they are all unique to every individual. Hence, it can be used to make a marker."

Luo Feng nodded.

An undying’s energy was unique to every one, they all were slightly different from each other.

"According to what you said, in order to use the god country to teleport, that place has to have some specially left items?" Luo Feng frowned. "That also means…you’ve been to these places before."

"Right."

Dylan laughed, "For example, places I’ve never been to before, I naturally cannot teleport there."

"How far is this planet from Jade dome planet?" Luo Feng asked.

"This marker position, is the closest to Jade Dome planet of many that I’ve left about." Dylan said. "If we enter universe transfer from here and head over with 50 times light speed in the dark universe. It’ll take about 12 days."

"Ah." Luo Feng nodded.

12 days.

Taking 12 days to travel in the vast universe was indeed an extremely short amount of time.

"Let’s depart." Luo Feng smiled.

"Yes." Dylan nodded.

Luo Feng returned to his resting quarters. This was a cabin Dylan specially arranged for him, and it was extremely luxurious. With just a wave, Luo Feng retrieved the nutrition cabin from his space ring and planted in on the ground.

"I haven’t found the time to use the nutrition cabin." Luo Feng looked at the nutrition liquid within and thought. "For my earth body to rise from domain lord level 1 to domain lord level 9, it’ll probably take half a year of time. Hm…and I’ve been busy with working on Big brother’s problem, I can only occasionally use the nutrition cabin."

Hua!

The nutrition cabin automatically opened after it confirmed Luo Feng’s identity.

After which, Luo Feng stepped in naked and lay in the ice cold valuable nutrition liquid, its rich and endless special energy immediately began to seep into his skin, his muscles, his organs…beginning to swiftly change his body.

…

12 days later. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

After Dylan woke up Luo Feng, he called him over to the control room.

"Your majesty!" 10 sector lord level guards bowed respectfully.

"Hm." Luo Feng nodded. Throughout this journey, the sector lord, domain lord and universe level guards all stayed within the universe ship. Only now, after they arrived at the destination did the 10 sector lords come out from their cabins.

Dylan smiled and pointed at the space outside, "Your majesty, look, that’s Jade dome planet."

Luo Feng looked from the control room. There lay an incredibly glaring planet in the distant space, it was completely jade green on the outer surface.

"Your majesty, Jade Dome planet is one of the nine, 1st class administrative planets. As the Ganwu universe country’s territory is simply too vast, hence they use this 1st class administrative planets to govern different regions, and Jade Dome planet is the center of 1,000 star fields around here." Dylan smiled and explained. "And the planet itself was specially constructed within the god country, it wasn’t naturally formed. The entire planet has a diameter of 980km, about the size of a normal planet."

"Hm."

Luo Feng smiled, "There’s a Universe galaxy bank on Jade Dome planet right."

"Of course." Dylan nodded.

"In a moment I’ll transfer funds within the universe galaxy bank and return that 8 mixed elements to you." Luo Feng smiled.

Universe galaxy bank…

It was time for him to retrieve the inheritance his teacher left for him.