Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 612: Solid Engravings

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"Your majesty Luo Feng, please collect all your required detailed parameters, pictures and information etc, and the performance specifications level of which you wish for your ship to hit. Once done, send them all to us, them more detailed the information is the better. We will be able to determine the upgrades according to the situation and your wishes, testing what requires upgrading and fixing and their costs." The gentle clean voice resounded from the screen.

"Ok."

Luo Feng nodded, he immediately sent over the information Babata had prepared long ago to them.

After a while…

"Your majesty Luo Feng, our Virtual Universe construct can help an F grade universe ship reach up to 50 times light speed. It’s skills are extremely developed, I advise that your majesty also picks the limit of 50 times light speed and performance. If you ask for anything higher…then the upgrade fee will jump exponentially. And usually the quality price ratio of the normal upgrades are the highest." The voice resounded.

"What about the nimbleness and movement capabilities?" Luo Feng asked.

"Same rules apply." The crisp voice was obviously very respectful. "Your majesty, the repairs will require 56,000 mixed elements, and the internal modifications will require 124,000 mixed elements, for a total of 180,000 mixed elements."

Luo Feng nodded.

Babata had calculated before, if he were to purchase the materials outside and let the virtual universe company people fix it, just the materials alone would require 80,000 mixed elements. Luckily…he was a primal region member and had great discounts.

"Your majesty, our design people here are asking…that F grade universe ship is completely constructed from hybrid copper essence. The sides are very thin and sharp, and they have solid engravings on them, with very powerful slicing power. However the origin law engravings are simple and not complete, would you want to improve on them?" The voice said.

Luo Feng was stunned.

The Yun Mo Planet ship was a triangular ship, its sides were incomparably sharp, however what was that about origin law engravings?"

"Just agree." Babata said on his shoulder.

"Improving the engravings, how much would it cost?" Luo Feng asked.

"If it’s a simple repair of the engravings, this can be done for free." The clean voice continued. "But to completely improve it, allowing this ship’s defense to rise by 30%, and it’s slicing attack force to rise by 50%, that would require 139,000 mixed elements."

"I agree to the improvement." Luo Feng nodded.

…

The cloud contact vine alone used up 85,000 mixed elements. The Yun Mo Planet ship used up 319,000 mixed elements, for a total of 404,000 mixed elements.

"Over 400,000 mixed elements gone just like that." Luo Feng sat at his desk and looked at his screen. "Spending money is really like flowing water, right Babata. What’s going on with those engravings, why do they require 139,000 mixed elements?"

"Don’t be stingy." Babata snorted on his shoulder. "Those solid law engravings…are actually similar to a lot of the engravings on spirit weapons and genetic weapons. Through connecting with the origin laws, it triggers the universe law energies, using it to strengthen defense and offense. The master back then already spent a lot of energy into building this ship, he also got a very powerful warrior to engrave those origin laws there."

"A pity!"

"The warrior master got, naturally cannot compare to the masters within the Virtual Universe company." Babata exclaimed. "To be able to raise from the original defense by 30% and attack by 50%, hehe…the origin law engraver masters of the Virtual Universe company are indeed powerful. These are origin law engravings that would raise the entire capabilities of the huge universe ship. Just the materials alone would be extremely expensive, 139,000 mixed elements…hehe, if it were the warrior that your teacher got back then, it would at least be twice the amount! With the Virtual Universe company supporting you from behind, it is indeed much more convenient."

Luo Feng laughed.

It was convenient, the amount spent was however just as extravagant.

Jade dome planet’s Xiang shui city, Swallow mountain villa.

Within an underground warehouse.

Luo Feng had spent 12 billion universe dollars to buy the villa. One could imagine just how huge this place was. The entire villa was about 30km long and wide, and just the construction of the underground warehouse alone reached 3km. This was specially made for the big families and powers to store their universe ships.

"Completely hybrid copper essence!" The three white robed staff stood in the warehouse and looked at the triangular universe ship. The ship’s 3 edges formed an arc line, which was incredibly sharp!

"When this ship accelerates, even a planet would be easily sliced apart." The leading white robed old man smiled at Luo feng and said respectfully, "Your majesty Luo Feng, we’ll be taking this ship away."

"When will it be repaired and returned?" Luo Feng asked.

The three of them were all sent by the Virtual Universe company. As Jade dome planet was an incredibly important planet in the Ganwu universe country, hence on the planet…the company had many important members here. After Luo Feng’s conversation through the network , the company immediately sent people on the same day to take the ship.

"Your majesty, we have many repair and construction facilities all over humanity’s territories. Hence, it’ll only take us no more than 3 months to get it back to you." The white robed old man said.

"Hm." Luo Feng nodded, "Go on."

"Yes."

The white robed old man looked at the Yun Mo planet ship, with a thought he placed it in his internal world.

This entire exchange process was synchronized and transmitted to the virtual universe network. As long as it was done…Luo Feng had no need to worry about the safety of the ship. If the transporters were greedy and daring enough to steal the ship and escape into the universe.

Then, the Virtual Universe company would immediately repay Luo Feng with another similar appearance ship with even better performance capabilities!

…

He watched as the three white robed staff sat in their ship and left. Then he turned to Dylan on by his side, "Dylan, let’s go meet with my big brother."

"Yes your majesty." Dylan nodded.

As the head of his guard team, Dylan was always protecting Luo Feng during his deployment. Of course, as an undying, half of Dylan’s consciousness was within the virtual universe network studying. He only required a part of it in reality to reach the maximum level of security.

The moment danger occurred, Dylan’s other half of his consciousness would immediately return to reality.

"Big brother!" Luo Feng’s eyes were filled with anticipation as he walked out of swallow mountain villa.

It had been very long since he had seen his big brother Hong in reality.

…

One of the 108 cities of Jade dome planet…Treasury city, within one of it’s reputable restaurants Morning Stars’ 3rd level booth. This was where Luo Feng had scheduled to meet Hong. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

"Third brother, Treasury city has a story behind it. You should know that Jade dome planet is a man made planet! Back then, this planet had just been sent out of the god country and into this space…the Ganwu universe country thus began a huge scale immigration. Many huge families were immediately stationed here." Hong sat in his seat, smiling, "Once the families were in place, the strong were numerous as the clouds, naturally the numbers grew more and more. Later on, due to a powerful undying leaving his inheritance treasury here, it created a huge war amongst undyings here. Luckily the planet was man made and the materials used were extravagant. Hence it could withstand the undying war. However because of that, over 10,000 km in area was reduced to waste. Later a city was built over that wasteland and named as Treasury city! It also serves as a warning…"

Luo Feng nodded.

Dylan who was sitting beside Luo Feng smiled, "Jade dome planet engaged in strict security and governing after the initial chaos and is much more peaceful than before."

"After being in this city for so long, I’ve really begun to like it here." Hong shook his head and exclaimed.

"Haha, it’s because there’s a lady you like here." Luo Feng laughed.

"Hah…" Hong naturally smiled.

"Big brother, where do you live now?" Luo Feng asked.

"I’m currently following my teacher. As he’s currently with an old friend studying together, I’m staying at that friend’s place." Hong lifted his wine glass and sipped, "Teacher’s friend is called Bushka, he’s quite a strong undying."

Luo Feng asked, "You and that Ji Qing’s matter, does your teacher and that undying Bushka know?"

"How could I hide this from them?" Hong shook his head. "When my relationship with Ji Qing was discovered by the Ji Shi family, the family immediately sent people to Bushka’s family residence. If it weren’t for his presence and respect for him, the Ji Shi family may have simply killed me then."

Luo Feng’s expression changed.

He could only imagine the situation.

His big brother was in a relationship with Ji Qing, yet he didn’t even know about her background…

Suddenly one day, her family people rushed down and raged at Bushka’s family, ordering Hong to not pester Ji Qing anymore. Whoever faced such a problem would be helpless.

"The Ji Shi family, in terms of strength, is much stronger than Bushka’s family. Hence even Elder Bushka cannot do anything." Hong shook his head. "Elder Bushka had once gone to pay a visit to Silver snow official on my behalf, however that silver snow official…didn’t even go meet him. It made elder Bushka lose face because of me, I’m truly…"

Hong’s expression was complex, he lifted his glass and finished his wine.

Luo Feng nodded as he listened.

Bushka?

He may be a pretty powerful undying, however the difference in power between undyings could at times be enormous. The silver snow official Tian Cang was one of the 300 emperor officials! He became an official a very very long time ago and was one of the oldest subjects of the Ganwu universe country. Whether it was in terms of strength or power, he could definitely suppress Bushka.

And the silver snow official, according to Luo Feng’s deduction from the information he gathered, was obviously a very arrogant person.

Bushka went to visit him, yet he didn’t even show up…that was within Luo Feng’s expectations.

"Looks like this official level undying is very angry about this, and very against it." Luo Feng frowned as he pondered. "Hm, When the official deployment order comes, I’ll become one of the highest level of people within the Ganwu department. When that time comes, only then will my words have weight."

"Big brother, wait awhile more. Once my deployment orders come through, I’ll pay a visit to that Silver snow official." Luo Feng said.