Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 615: Luo Feng Takes Up his Post

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"With this order official, I’m actually able to directly transfer to the Ganwu department from my villa in the virtual universe." Luo Feng looked at the mail and its information on the screen, making some important notes before nodding satisfied.

"To the Ganwu department!" Luo Feng thought.

Shua!

He immediately vanished from his study and was teleported straight to the Ganwu department in the virtual universe.

Within the virtual universe, in an allotted space.

This space had many large continents and everyone one of them represented a universe country. Surrounding these large continents were a blur of many islands, these either represented the middle level civilizations or special locations.

Like the Black Dragon Mountain island under the Ganwu continent, this was the place that the residents of Black Dragon Mountain empire would appear at when they entered the virtual universe network.

…

On Amethyst island under the Ganwu continent.

This was an incomparably beautiful island completely made from Amethyst. Even when its entire surface was compared to the Black Dragon Mountain island, it was still extremely beautiful. On it were continuous palaces all made from amethyst. They came in all heights, with different levels of splendor, and right in the center was an amethyst palace that reached up to 10,000 km in height, it was the most glaring one.

Under the shine of the sun, this majestic palace reflected a whole range of colors.

This Amethyst island, was where the Ganwu department of the Virtual Universe company was stationed. As the universe was simply too vast, this location was naturally built in the virtual universe.

"Everything is going normally, yet the headquarters suddenly sent a supervisor envoy over! This Luo Feng, why the rush to break through to domain lord level…" Within the palace was a huge round table with a diameter exceeding 1,000m, and around it were three huge thrones that were all filled.

The one speaking was an apeman with fur, dressed in an exquisite purple robe, he frowned as he spoke.

Chichichi…

His purple robe emitted rays of purple sparks.

"As if your dissatisfaction will do any good. Even if this Luo Feng didn’t break through to domain lord temporarily, he would still enter the domain lord level in a few thousand years. As his home is the Ganwu universe country, when that happens, he would still become the supervisor envoy and come here." An extremely handsome man with gold long hair as glaring as the sun spoke with disdain. He had three golden feathers on the top of his head.

"Purple lightning Official, Golden Feather Official!" A gentle voice resounded. This was a young lady covered in a black robe and barefooted. Her gaze too seemed to make the space and time around warp. "The order has already been given. This Luo Feng will very quickly arrive to take up his post! There’s absolutely no point in you two arguing now!"

The apeman purple lightning official and the handsome man Golden feather official looked over.

"Luo Feng’s status is the supervisor envoy. He has the authority to check on our work and many other things, he’ll probably find unfavorable evidence against us!" The black robed lady said softly.

"Purple lightning official is in charge of the business side. It has a mess of deals within it, no matter how well the records are kept and evidence destroyed, if one seriously audited it…hahaha, monkey, even if you are not locked in the starfield prison, you’d be sent to the outfields to pay for your crimes through battle!" That demonically handsome man teased.

"And your military department is clean?" The Apeman looked coldly at him.

"Still better than your business department." The handsome man frowned.

"Alright!"

The lady frowned and ordered softly.

Immediately, both men looked at the lady, she gave off an aura of rage. "There are certain things that cannot be avoided and we’d have to break the rules. As long as the supervisor envoy is dead set on checking, with enough time, he’ll definitely find a few problems. Even if the problem isn’t serious, sacking us wouldn’t be a problem.

"Hm." The apeman and the golden haired man nodded and agreed.

"No matter what, we have to maintain our positions!" The Apeman said seriously.

The three tycoons of the ganwu department, what level of status was that?

They had huge power!

Much higher than any other normal official level undyings.

Among the military, business and army department, the hardest to actually check was the army department. Because, the army department was simply too huge, and the ganwu universe country governed it together with the Virtual Universe company…if the supervisor envoy were to check the army department matters, he would still have to go through the high levels of the ganwu universe country, it was extremely complex.

Checking the military and the business department was much easier.

"Firstly, that Luo Feng isn’t stupid. If he really wants to check, that’ll force us to oppose each other." The lady said softly, "This wouldn’t be good for him too."

"If he dares to go to such lengths, we’ll assassinate him!" The golden haired man said coldly.

"Kill him?" The ape man snorted. "Gold feather official, do you think his teacher True Yan emperor is an idiot? True Yan emperor is a sacred being amongst our ape race. And he’s known for being brutal and protective. If you really dare assassinate Luo Feng, unless you do it to a point where not even a drop of water is spilt, wiping even your own memories to ensure there’s no record of it, not allowing True Yan to check, otherwise…you’ll definitely die!!!"

The gold haired man squinted.

True Yan emperor?

Killing someone like himself, Gold feather official, was akin to squashing an ant.

"Wake up both of you, this Luo Feng entered the primal region after his first qualification battles. For such a genius, the highest of levels in the headquarters would take notice of him!" The black robed lady said coldly. "And there’s true yan emperor behind him! The most we can do is teach him a lesson and make him suffer a bit. We definitely cannot kill him. The moment we do…that would be a dead end for us."

The apeman and the gold haired man nodded.

"We have no other way!" The black robed lady pointed into space. There a screen appeared and detailed plans showed, "These are three solutions my underlings have come up with, take a look."

The two looked on.

After reading, they exchanged glances.

"Let’s hope that Luo Feng is a smart guy. That way, he’ll be able to enjoy the glory of his supervisor position during his time and pass it comfortably. Then we three won’t have any problems! Otherwise…everybody will suffer together!" The gold haired man snorted coldly.

After a while…

Du! Du! Du! Du! Du! Du!

A piercing alarm rang in the palace.

The three tycoons stood up fiercely.

"He’s come!" The black robed lady said softly. "Let’s go, we have to be extremely passionate in welcoming the supervisor envoy."

"Right, extremely passionate." The Apeman nodded.

"Maximum passion." The gold haired man forced out what he thought was the friendliest smile he could give.

…

In the east side of Amethyst island, there was a plot of 10 square meters of amethyst stones. There, a beautiful beam of light rose shot into the sky, Luo Feng appeared on the stones.

"So this is the office of the Virtual Universe company in the ganwu department?" Luo Feng’s eyesight was slightly blinded from the flash of light that brought him here. The entire island was simply an enormous art work, the sight of light covering the many amethyst palaces was simply beautiful.

Sou!

Luo Feng flew up and flew towards the center of the island, as amethyst island was simply too huge, akin to a Black Dragon mountain empire island.

"Hm?" After flying for about 100,000 km, Luo Feng saw a blur of silhouettes in the huge amethyst plaza. With a glance, he couldn’t see an end to them.

Right in front of all the people were three human silhouettes.

An apeman dressed in an extremely exquisite purple robe, he was smiling, as purple sparks surrounded him.

A man with incomparably dashing gold long hair. His smile was resplendent, he was almost like a huge sun that gave off warmth.

A young barefooted lady in a black robe. Her enticement, Luo Feng knew too it was hypnotism, but he still felt happier after it.

"Welcome Supervisor Envoy, Mr Luo Feng!" The black robed lady smiled.

Hua!

The blur of human silhouettes all immediately knelt down, simultaneously shouting respectfully, "Greetings your majesty Luo Feng!" FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"Greetings your majesty Luo Feng!" hundreds of undyings bowed.

"Luo Feng, welcome into our Ganwu department!" The black robed lady smiled and said.

"Luo Feng, I’ve long heard of your reputation. To make it into the primal region in such a short time, it really is worthy of respect, admirable indeed." The gold haired man smiled brightly. He seemed very friendly like a sun, without any ill intent.

"Haha…Luo Feng, I’m from the Guan Yan clan of the apeman race. Your teacher True Yan emperor is the greatest being in the Ka Hun Si clan. From young, I’ve always worshipped True Yan emperor, he has always been my target. And today I get to see his disciple, it really makes me happy. Haha…" The Apeman was incredibly passionate.

Luo Feng stood there and looked at the three tycoons’ warm welcome, the hundreds of undyings bowing respectfully and the countless others kneeling, he was shocked.

This, this, this…

The Ganwu department’s welcome was too grand.

And the three tycoons were all official level undyings. In terms of position, they weren’t below him, yet they were so passionate?

"Luo Feng." The black robed lady walked over, smiling, "Let me introduce you."

"I know about the three of you." Luo Feng said directly and looked at the lady. "You should be the head of the army department Black Yan official Risa!"

The black robed lady smiled and nodded.

"You should be the head of the military department, Gold feather official Ai Fu." Luo Feng looked at the gold haired man, he too smiled and nodded.

"And you should be the head of the business department, Purple lightning official Zhen Qian." Luo Feng looked at the apeman. He laughed loudly and nodded, "Looks like Luo Feng has already studied up on us quite a bit and know us pretty well. With your investigative abilities, this supervisor envoy job will be very easy."

"I’ll require assistance from the three of you." Luo Feng smiled.

"Of course."

"Naturally."

"Of course."

The three tycoons smiled and nodded.

"Luo Feng, let me introduce you." The black robed lady smiled and pointed to the blur of human silhouettes, amidst them the undyings bowing respectfully. "Our ganwu department, as it governs over the Ganwu Universe country’s over 10,000 star fields and over 1 hundred million galaxies, hence other than us, the three heads, there are 322 other undyings, there are also 820 million important personnel who help take care of the many starfields and galaxies, they are all here!"

Luo Feng held his breath.

Seeing the blur of silhouettes kneeling before him. Since it was actually 820 million people, no wonder even with his sight, he couldn’t see the end of them.

"Hm?" As his gaze swept across the 322 undyings, he suddenly saw a green skinned old man with wrinkles on his head, he was shocked within, "Man Luo?"

This old man…

Was the old man he frequently saw in the Black Dragon Mountain empire slaughter house.