Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 618: Adulation

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Luo Feng nodded, looking at the distant group of powerful undyings walking and chatting.

"Golden feather official, Purple lightning official, Black yan official!" A man was walking right in front with a large nose, single horn and curly hair, dressed in an exquisite dark gold long robe. He laughed carefree as he walked ahead of the group. In a flash, he had already reached the main entrance of the hall, full of smiles as he looked at Luo Feng, "This must be the new supervisor envoy Mr Luo Feng."

"Haha, you are the quickest." Apeman Purple lightning official laughed loudly. He turned towards Luo Feng, "Luo Feng, this is one of the 300 Emperor officials of the Ganwu universe country, Dragon Wing emperor."

"Dragon wing emperor, how do you do." Luo Feng nodded and smiled.

The emperor officials of the universe country, their bearing wasn’t low at all, they were after all official level undyings.

"Haha, I’ve long heard of your name. You’ve given our Ganwu universe country some reputation, today I finally get to meet you." Dragon wing emperor laughed loudly and said. After which, he brought his two underlings and entered the main hall, led by two staff.

After which, another undying walked over, waving passionately at the 3 tycoons and Luo Feng.

…

The many undyings all brought their underlings and the Ganwu department’s 3 tycoons along with Luo Feng welcomed them.

After a while.

"Purple lightning official, Gold feather official, Black yan official. Your invite really made me, Black dragon, happy, haha…" A tall and sturdy giant dressed completely in black dragon scales and with a single black dragon horn on his forehead walked over very passionately. When his gaze landed on Luo Feng, his eyes gleamed even more.

"Luo Feng, this is your god leader of the Black Dragon mountain empire from your hometown, just call him Black dragon." Apeman purple lightning official smiled and introduced.

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

Ah…

This tall and sturdy godlike giant that gave off a beast like aura. He was actually the god leader of the black Dragon Mountain empire’s sacred land Black dragon mountain.

"Mr Black dragon, how do you do." Luo Feng smiled.

"Hahaha, you are from the Black Dragon mountain empire, I Black dragon naturally feel very proud." Black dragon god leader laughed loudly and was very passionate, after which he entered the main hall.

Apeman Purple lightning official watched as Black dragon entered the main hall, after which, he communicated, "Luo Feng, your hometown’s Black dragon mountain empire god leader…comes from a weaker race of the dragon humans in Black Dragon mountain. There are a total of about 10,000 people in his race in that region. He is the head ancestor of that region, hence he built the Black Dragon mountain empire. His strength is average, still far from that of an official. Normally, for these sort of gatherings, he wouldn’t even be qualified enough to participate. However because he’s the god leader of your home town, we ended up invited him."

Luo Feng nodded.

One after another.

"That’s him…"

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

A tall and skinny man with lumps all over his head brought a kind looking old man with a head full of white hair. As for this white haired old man…Luo Feng naturally recognized, it was Hong’s teacher…The time sector lord Luo! Beside him should be his good friend the undying Bushka.

"Bushak." Apeman purple lightning official smiled and shouted, "Haha, you’ve finally arrived. This Luo Feng…I don’t need to introduce any further."

Luo Feng and Hong’s matters, Luo Feng had already revealed to the 3 tycoons the moment they met.

And the reason why Bushka received the invitation, even he knew himself.

That tall and skinny man with a head full of lumps smiled at Luo Feng, and beside him the time sector lord Luo looked at Luo Feng too.

"Big brother is inside, Mr Bushka, Mr Luo, we’ll chat later." Luo Feng nodded.

"Hm."

The two of them nodded and entered the main hall.

…

There were a total of close to 1000 invitations sent out by the 3 tycoons. Other than the few for special reasons, like exploring the universe secret regions or engaging in battles with the other races of the universe, the rest all showed up. About 80% of the invited guests had arrived.

Luo Feng welcomed them one after another, and got a better recognition of the upper echelon of the Ganwu universe country.

The so called royalty, crown princes, were laughable.

The true powers of the universe country were still the great undyings.

"Gold feather official, Purple lightning official, Black yan official." A clear voice resounded. A silver robed man with silver hair from his temples brought a man and woman along with him. Simultaneously he smiled and waved, after which he looked at Luo Feng, "Mr Luo Feng, the supervisor envoy, being able to meet you makes me happy."

"Luo Feng, this is Silver Snow official." Apeman purple lightning official smiled and explained.

He’s come!

The main guest had arrived! The most important guest he had to meet tonight had come!

It was him, the one who stopped his big brother and Ji Qing!

Luo Feng looked at this silver robed man with a cold aura, he smiled, "Silver snow official’s reputation, when I first came to Jade dome planet, I already heard from many people discussing. Even here on Jade Dome planet, they even build a city Tian Cang city in your name. To be able to meet you today makes me really happy."

"Haha." Silver snow official couldn’t help but laugh.

"I’ve also heard from my guard captain the story of how silver snow official had cased and killed the undying metal life forms Kubati. Just thinking about how you chased him over countless starfields, killed through the bug clan territory, amidst the bug clan’s region finally killing Kubati. It really makes one’s blood boil with excitement." Luo Feng exclaimed.

Silver snow official’s smile grew even wider, laughing, "That was back then. It’s not worth mentioning at all, not worth mentioning."

Silver snow official seemed prideful.

However, it still depended on who he was talking to. Luo Feng, as a primal region member, and now a supervisor envoy, his position was no lower than his. As the new favored absolute genius of the Virtual Universe company, plus True Yan as his teacher! He was definitely one of the new prides of the entire humanity of the universe.

Such an absolute genius, saying these words, it immediately made Silver snow official feel extremely good within.

"Silver snow official, please go in first to rest, we’ll chat later." Luo Feng said.

"Hm."

Silver snow official smiled and nodded, after which he brought Yukan and Ji Feng Yan who were behind him and entered the main hall.

The scene however had let Purple lightning official, Gold feather official and Black yan exchange secret glances and communicate secretly.

"After receiving so many guests, I’ve never seen Luo Feng that passionate."

"Right, it’s almost like he met the person he worships. Luo Feng’s status and perspective is very high too. He needn’t lower himself to such standards right."

"Does he really worship Silver snow official?"

Even though the 3 tycoons knew of Luo Feng’s relationship with Hong from his confession, they didn’t know about the matter of Hong and Ji Qing. After all, the 3 high and mighty tycoons, why would they bother with such little affairs of the heart. Hence they were extremely curious as to why Luo Feng was so courteous earlier.

Finally, close to 1,000 undying guests had all entered the main hall, they sat in their groups around and discussed softly.

And the 3 tycoons of the Ganwu department along with Luo Feng returned to the main hall too. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

"Gold feather official."

A voice reached Gold feathers ears, he turned, in the distance sat Silver snow official Ji Tian Cang.

"Silver snow official, is anything the matter?" Gold feather walked over and sat opposite him.

"There is something." Silver snow said, "Isn’t your military department in charge of the entire Ganwu universe country’s absorption of the elites?"

"Why?" Gold feather looked at him.

Absorption of geniuses, besides the genius battles, was a normal thing that occurred throughout the universe. The elites were split into 3rd grade, 2nd grade, 1st grade and special elites, prior to deciding on the most exceptional that would enter the core. Actually, compared to the genius battles and hero battles, those absorbed geniuses were no weaker.

"There’s a quota for the elites nurturing, can you give my Ji family 5 times the number?" Silver snow official said.

"5 times?" Gold feather smiled slyly, "That’s too high. Hm, I still have something to attend to, I’ll chat with you later."

After which Gold feather left immediately.

"This silver snow official really dared to ask, 5 times the quota? The Virtual Universe company spends so much of resources to nurture the elites. For him to want more of his Ji family in, to let the company nurture his people and not having to spend his family’s money. Hmph…" His eyes gleamed with disdain, giving off a demonic feeling.

However after spotting the distant Luo Feng, he immediately changed and became all friendly again.

"Luo Feng." Gold feather smiled and walked over.

…

Watching Gold feather leave, Silver snow frowned. At this time, Ji Feng Yan and Yukan walked back and Ji Feng Yan asked softly, "Ancestor, did Gold feather official agree?"

"Gold feather didn’t agree or reject." Silver snow snorted coldly, "For 5 times the quota on for our Ji family’s snow border star field, it’s still not obvious within the Ganwu universe country’s entire region. According to the number of elites every generation, nurturing these would have slight ripples. With a few more in, it wouldn’t require Gold feather to spend that much more resources…however, if we don’t satisfy him, accomplishing this would still be hard."

A family’s future was most important.

He had 15 undyings under him. If he was the only pillar of light, how would he have such power today?

A small family, growing to be as large as a race.

Nurturing future generations was incomparably important.

"Ancestor." Ji Feng Yan said softly.

"Hm?" Silver snow official looked at Ji Feng Yan.

"Everyone here can all see that Luo Feng is but a domain lord level 9 punk. Even though he’s a pinnacle genius within the universe, however the path to undying isn’t easy at all, he might even fall soon. The many undyings here all probably don’t care much about him." Ji Feng Yan said softly, "However, from start to end, they are all extremely courteous to him. This is without a doubt…because of the 3 Ganwu department tycoons."

Silver snow official looked at Ji Feng Yan.

"The Ganwu department 3 tycoons control too many resources! For a power to grow…one has to depend on the business department! For the family’s future nurture…one has to depend on the military department! Even the strong wanting to head out to explore outside the starfields, to ensure safety and more recognition, he has to depend on the army department. The 300 Emperor officials, many powerful undying families, none dare go against or disrespect the 3 tycoons!"

"Everybody is courteous to Luo Feng!"

"This is because the 3 tycoons are worried about Luo Feng. He has the supervisor envoy power. Hence they are so polite, personally inviting all the huge figures of the Ganwu universe country and personally introducing all of them to Luo Feng. Who has ever seen the 3 tycoons so polite before? It was normally the other way around!"

"Hence!" Ji Feng Yan said confidently, "As long as we can convince Luo Feng to help, if he speaks for us, it would probably be much more useful."

"Hm."

Silver snow official nodded, "This I understand. But Luo Feng’s background and status is huge too. Asking for his help won’t be too easy either."

"Doesn’t Luo Feng respect you a lot?" Ji Feng Yan said.

"Respect?"

Silver snow official squinted, muttering to himself, "Hm…In awhile, I’ll look for Luo Feng to have a chat."