Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 621: Fantasy Spirit Emperor

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Meeting Fantasy Spirit Emperor?

Luo Feng, Dylan, Luo and Bushka all had wide perspectives of the universe. Having seen much around, they also knew of the pinnacle beings of the 1,008 universe countries. For a small universe level punk trying to meet True Yan emperor, would it be that simple? It was simply dreaming. Similarly, would it be so easy to meet fantasy spirit emperor?

"Big brother, this…" Luo Feng frowned.

Wanting to meet fantasy spirit, he himself didn’t have any connections with her, and never seen her before.

"Is there no way?" Hong looked at Luo Feng, "If there’s truly no way, then…"

"Don’t rush."

Luo Feng shook his head, "Big brother, I can only say I’ll try my best."

"Hm." Hong nodded.

The ceremony went on.

Luo Feng lifted a wine glass and returned to Silver snow official’s side.

"Luo Feng." Silver snow sat there, slightly lifting his glass.

Beside, the undying Yukan and sector lord Ji Feng Yan immediately made way. Luo Feng sat opposite Silver snow and smiled, "Silver snow official, I have something to ask of you."

"What is it? Speak." Silver snow Ji Tian Cang looked at Luo Feng. He was filled with disdain when dealing with Hong, however towards Luo Feng, he was still respectful. An absolute genius that was that glorious in the Virtual Universe company, with even True Yan emperor supporting him from behind, as long as he didn’t fall, he would be terrifying in the future!

Luo Feng smiled, "Please help me send a mail."

"Mail?" Silver snow official squinted, asking curiously, "It’s for…"

"Fantasy spirit emperor." Luo Feng nodded.

Silver snow official was shocked.

"I’ll write the details of the mail, naturally I’ll let you see it too!" Luo Feng smiled. "No matter, this mail is for you to send, naturally I won’t get you in trouble."

"Haha, I’m not worried about that. I believe that even you Luo Feng wouldn’t want to mess with Fantasy spirit emperor and enrage her." Silver snow nodded and smiled.

"Hm, this is the content."

Luo Feng lifted his wrist and on it a mail appeared on his screen, the mail was already opened.

Silver snow read the mail on the screen.

"He wishes to meet Fantasy spirit emperor? He really, really dares to wish it? That universe level punk, without any special background whatsoever. With Fantasy emperor’s status, why would she meet him?" Silver snow was very shocked, he looked suspiciously at Luo Feng, "Luo Feng, do you have such a need to stick your neck out for him?"

"He’s like my blood brother, I definitely have to help." Luo Feng said.

"Hm."

Silver snow nodded.

"I’ll help you send this mail to Fantasy spirit emperor, as for whether she wishes to actually meet Hong and you, that’ll depend on luck." Silver snow smiled. "I’ll give you some advice, if your teacher True Yan is willing to appear, no matter what, at least to meet up…Fantasy spirit emperor will definitely meet you."

Luo Feng smiled and shook his head.

Without a fool proof plan, it was best not to trouble his teacher. His teacher was already teaching him and he was incredibly grateful for that. As for troubling him with these matters, wouldn’t his teacher become a nanny then?

This was highly disrespectful.

"It’s already sent." Silver snow looked at Luo Feng, "The moment she wishes to meet you, I’ll inform you."

"Thank you."

Luo Feng smiled, "I’ll give you my virtual universe network number, you can contact me directly."

…

The main man of the ceremony was Luo feng. As it went on, Luo Feng lifted his wine glass and chatted with many of the undyings, the group of undyings all didn’t dare underestimate this punk. Afterall, just his power alone was enough to affect all of them.

The ceremony finally ended!

However Silver snow had yet to receive a reply from Fantasy spirit.

Jade Dome planet, Luo Residence.

The true upper echelon of the Ganwu universe country had all left in their universe ships. Even the 3 tycoons Purple lightning, Gold feather and Black yan official had left.

…

Night.

With the guests all gone, Luo Feng walked alone in the quiet and spacious palace hallways.

"Big brother." Luo Feng spotted the black robed Hong silently sitting in the grass patch.

Luo Feng was like a breeze moving through the railing, quickly reaching Hong’s side. Hong turned to Luo Feng and said, "Sit."

"Still troubled?" Luo Feng sat and smiled.

"Not troubled, just waiting." Hong turned and smiled at him. "Waiting for the opportunity to come. No matter what, at least tonight I found out why Silver snow official stopped me and Ji Qing. After knowing the reason clearly, only then can I think of solutions to solve the problem."

"You seem very confident." Luo Feng smiled.

"Not one bit, only…there are some things that one must do." Hong laughed, "After trying one’s best, only then would there be no regrets. Even if I cannot do it now…when I get stronger in the future, even stronger than Fantasy spirit emperor, I’ll then bring Qing Qing back myself."

Luo Feng looked shocked at his big brother.

Stronger than Fantasy spirit emperor?

Was he simply bragging or just very confident?

Fantasy spirit emperor…that was absolute a pinnacle being that stood at the top of the universe. With just a wave of her hand she could kill trillions, making an entire group of undyings fall under her hypnotism and die within.

"With no boundaries within, the future becomes limitless." Hong looked at Luo Feng. "Third brother, don’t have any fear within. If you let yourself feel certain things are extremely hard to pass, how would you be able to do it in reality?"

Luo Feng was stunned.

With no boundaries within, the future becomes limitless?

"No matter how powerful a being is, they all took steps to get there." Hong laughed. "As long as you keep improving, keep improving. And with an endless life span…then, becoming a great being in the universe isn’t impossible."

Luo Feng nodded.

Suddenly he paused for a moment…

He quickly connected to the virtual universe network and instantly returned.

"Big brother." A smile showed on Luo Feng’s face.

"Hm?" Hong looked at Luo Feng and smiled, "Looking at your expression, it must be good news."

"Hm, I just received Silver snow official’s mail." Luo Feng smiled.

"Silver snow’s?" Hong’s eyes gleamed.

"Hm, he forwarded Fantasy spirit emperor’s reply." Luo Feng smiled.

"She’s agreed?" Hong’s eyes gleamed with visible light.

Luo Feng smiled and nodded, "Right!"

"Fantasy spirit emperor will send members under her to head to Black Dragon Mountain’s 9 star bay, who will then bring us to meet her in her palace." Luo Feng said, "Hence from now on, we have to constantly maintain a thread of our consciousness in the virtual universe network to await the order and meeting."

Hong nodded.

…

Virtual universe, Black Dragon mountain island, 9 star bay.

Luo Feng and Hong looked at the man before them.

This man was 3m tall, with a couple of black feathered wings on his back, and on his forehead were 10 horns that were different in lengths. He wore black armor and he smiled as he looked at Luo Feng, "True Yan emperor’s disciple Luo Feng? How do you do? I am Fantasy spirit emperor’s disciple Bushla."

"How do you do Bushla." Luo Feng nodded.

"This is the punk that wants to marry my junior?" The black feathered man glanced at Hong. His lips curling into a smile, almost somewhat disdainful. Hong wanted to answer but he quickly turned back to Luo Feng, "Let’s go, teacher is waiting for you two."

"Alright."

Luo feng nodded and immediately, the three of them followed the man and swiftly left 9 star bay, reaching a teleportation region not far from there and transferred.

…

Shua! VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Luo Feng, Hong and the black feathered man Bushla appeared within a vast palace plaza.

"Rumble…" The waves crashed against the shore.

The entire palace was 100,000 km tall, and was split into 9 levels. The lowest level was closest to the ocean, and the plaza Luo Feng the others appeared in was the 5th level’s plaza.

"Follow me." The black feathered man led the way.

Entering deep within the palace, they proceeded.

Even Hong was a universe level. Hence, the speed at which they moved at was extremely fast. In just a few moments, they reached the 7th level.

This was a quiet hall.

At the entrance stood many ladies dressed in mist like white robes, with furry tails waving from behind them. These ladies all had purple eyes that were extremely enticing, and when they looked over…it made others feel their desires within.

With the black feathered man leading, Luo Feng and Hong entered the hall.

They continued forward.

The women that stood on the sides, from the initial white robed ladies all changed to black robed ones. However, it was obvious they were all from the same race with purple eyes and furry tails.

After another 1,000km, they became purple robed women.

"What mysterious illusions." Luo Feng walked within the huge hall and looked at the women standing at the sides. He unconsciously fell into the illusion, feeling as though the ladies all became naked as they exuded their mysterious seduction and drew closer to him.

To no avail

…

Luo Feng and Hong were both people who had reached high levels in mental state training. Hence, illusions that weren’t deliberately targeted at them completely had no effect whatsoever.

"Teacher!" The black feathered man bowed respectfully, his voice resounding throughout the large hall, echoing continuously.

Luo Feng and Hong stopped simultaneously.

They looked up and saw in the distance a huge throne with incredibly complex engravings all over. In it lay a curled up woman with purple long hair, purple eyes and long bushy tail. When the pair of eyes looked down…the surrounding sky and land almost felt like it was engulfed in a powerful energy.

"Fantasy spirit emperor." Luo Feng held his breath.

Having heard of her power before, Luo Feng didn’t dare hesitate.

"Luo Feng?" A gentle voice resounded from the distant throne high above. "Indeed a genius that actually passed the Fantasy ocean’s 10th island during universe level. Such solid mental state, I like you punks with such solid mental states. Your teacher True Yan has such good foresight too, he nurtured Bloodthirst emperor before, and from your information, you kill very madly too. The True Yan lineage are all like that, the teacher kills madly, even the disciples are as such…"

"Thank you for the compliment." Luo Feng bowed.

His teacher True Yan did indeed have time where he madly killed others.

Only now was he much more low profile compared to the past, staying and studying within Primal chaos city. Otherwise, with just the level of explosiveness alone, his teacher wasn’t below his 3rd senior Bloodthirst emperor.

"Hm." The great being from the spirit devil clan lay lazily in the huge throne. Her purple eyes gazed at Hong, "You are the Hong that Qing Qing had mentioned?"

"Yes." Hong bowed and replied.