Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 627: Earth

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

It was only now that Luo Feng truly realized how much he got from acquiring so many blood river crystals back in blood river continent! The benefit was even more than the demon note inheritance, of course it was mostly because the golden horned beast body was much more suitable for absorbing the crystals, otherwise the benefit wouldn’t be that large.

Luo Feng was surprised at the result of absorbing 100 crystals.

When he absorbed the 99th crystal, the right claw of the golden horned beast had nine times the power of the origin laws, simultaneously, the right claws power alone was akin to its entire body’s strength! It had completely risen its full power by one time!

And also…

Its origin law melding was about ten times now! It may seem very little.

But this right claw alone when used was akin to ten times its full strength!

Right, from just one time to ten times!

Just the right claw alone was ten times the body’s strength.

With everything together, it was 11 times its original strength before!

With the beast’s body’s strength, unleashing Deities of the world, with the progress it had made in the 2nd level, it could reach 5 times its strength. And after triggering the blood river energy…plus the new 11 times its power, it was close to 55 times.

Unleashing its natural ability of strengthening, with a slash of the right claw, it reaches close to 110 times the original body's strength!

110 times!

What was that?

Even if the golden horned beast didn’t use spirit energy, genetic energy, just the physical strength alone was 110 times its original, and its original strength was already incredibly intrepid, plus the comprehension of the beast god statue, the ultimate 1 claw technique…its power was simply too terrifying.

If it had only absorbed 99 crystals.

The difference in power was too much.

Because of the increase in strength of the body, and multiplied with deities of the world and strengthening, it multiplies even further, hence it was that terrifying!

"A normal golden horned beast training in deities of the world wouldn’t even compare to me." Luo Feng thought, "And under normal circumstances, there would never be a chance to acquire the beast god statue, much less absorbing so many blood river crystals…my willpower is stronger than many undyings, even if those golden horned beasts acquired blood river crystals, they probably wouldn’t be able to absorb so many."

The combination of many factors.

Luo Feng’s willpower, the golden horned beast’s structure, the resources form the virtual universe company, plus some luck, it finally created a terrifying golden horned beast!

Compared to the golden horned beast, the mosha clansmens strength was much weaker!

"The golden horned beast is still not strong enough now!"

"Firstly, its law comprehension is far from enough, the 1 claw technique, isn’t even 1% of the beast god’s power when it unleashed it."

"Secondly, I’m currently in the 2nd level of deities of the world, and i'm only training a part of it. Making big progress in deities of the world would allow me to raise my strength by 9 times. If I complete even the 3rd level…then it’d be heavenly." Luo Feng pondered.

In his heart…

Ever since he heard of his teacher mentioning that absolute genius Ke Di that could kill an official level undying at sector lord pinnacle level, his ambition began to grow…I, Luo Feng, also want to be able to kill an official level undying at sector lord pinnacle level.

"If he can do it, and I have the golden horned beast body, why can't I do it?" Luo Feng thought.

That Ke Di must have had many miraculous encounters, and many secrets, otherwise, just relying on law comprehension cannot be that heavenly.

Hence Luo Feng wasn’t satisfied with his several encounters.

"The universe is vast and there are many miraculous encounters and things there. To actually combine everything…use it well, only then can one become an absolute warrior." Luo Feng thought, "If I train hard on earth for a few decades, I’ll be able to step into the sector lord level. Then my origin law comprehension will be able to progress at amazing speeds.

Sector lord level was the time of true acceleration.

What Luo Feng could do now was to make his foundation as solid as possible, that way, when he reached sector lord pinnacle, he could unleash terrifying strength!

…

In the blink of an eye, half a month passed.

Within the Yun Mo planet ship control room, Luo Feng and Dylan stood at the control board.

"Immediately beginning universe transfer, entering the solar system.

"Countdown, 10…9…8…7…6…5…4…3…2…1!"

The ship shook slightly.

Very quickly, through the external simulator, Luo Feng saw a familiar space, a burning sun and surrounding it the many planets, revolving about it.

This space was the solar system.

"I’m back!"

Luo Feng let out a long sigh of relief, his gaze complex.

Sou!

The yun mo planet ship swiftly headed towards earth, as an f grade ship, modified and upgraded by the pinnacle of humanity’s technology the virtual universe company, the power this ship held within was tremendous…at least to the point where earth’s security system had no way to detect this f grade ship.

After flying for awhile…

"Hm?" Luo Feng gazed at the planet close to earth, an originally simple red planet…mars.

"It’s actually…hehe, changed so much."

Luo feng smiled.

"Your majesty, why are you smiling?" Dylan asked curiously.

"Look, that planet." Luo Feng pointed at mars.

"The green planet?" Dylan asked curiously.

"No, 200 years ago, it was a red planet." Luo Feng smiled, "However as it is the easiest planet to modify to be suitable for human inhabitants, plus its surface area isn’t too big, at least far from earth’s area. With earth’s current strength, it had completely changed mars into a life planet."

"Changed?" Dylan asked curiously, "The price of creating a life planet is much more than buying a life planet."

Luo Feng smiled.

Right, it was much more.

However the Luo Family was currently the milky way leader, and earth’s position was extremely wealthy, however…the moment they entered universe transfer and left, returning would require going through the wormhole and taking close to 3 years to return. 3 years of travel to the humans of earth was simply too long. Many couldn’t bear to leave earth too, hence they’d rather remodel mars.

Turning mars into a life planet!

Within the solar system, humans were currently living on earth and mars. Of course…there were other moons and satellites that were remodeled but those were much easier. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

…

Very quickly, the yun mo planet ship reached close to earth’s atmosphere.

"Wa, so many ships around?" Dylan couldn’t help but get shocked, "I’ve been to many life planets, there’s rarely so many ships about."

Luo feng gazed at the distant ships that flew out of earth, some heading to the moon and others to mars, he couldn’t help but smile.

"These ships are all not entering universe transfer." Luo Feng explained, "Earth and mars, along with some satellites, have large amount of ships head back and forth. The travel is convenient."

Just like a long distance coach or public train.

Large amount of ships headed to earth, mars and many satellites, within one day, they could make it to their destinations.

They could totally eat breakfast on earth, go to mars for lunch and return to earth to sleep.

Also…

To the Luo family, leader of the milky way, large amounts of a and b grade ships was simply nothing to them. The humans of earth only needed to pay a small amount to sit in the ships to travel…the Luo family’s business of running these ships only required the cost of paying one employee.

"Everybody, leave the ship." Luo Feng suddenly ordered.

Rumble…

The guards on the yun mo planet ship all swiftly left their quarters.

"Dylan, you are in charge of concealing their traces, I don’t want to be discovered by earth, there being over 1,000 people in earth’s atmosphere suddenly." Luo Feng laughed.

"This is easy." Dylan nodded and smiled.

A great undying, if he couldn’t even avoid earth’s detection, that would be a joke.

After a while!

Luo Feng and his guard team stood in the space outside, the yun mo planet ship was kept in Babata’s storage.

"Dylan, keep the guards in your world." Luo Feng smiled, "It’d be best that I return without all the grandeur."

"Yes." Dylan nodded.

Dylan looked at the over 1,000 guards floating there, with a wave, he kept all of them within his internal world. The world created by a sector lord was incredibly convenient, and it even allowed people to live within! However…the worlds were only capable of being created by sector lords, the moment one became an undying, they would lose this ability.

Hence, during sector lord level, they would create a few worlds in preparation.

As the costs was huge, the number of worlds created wouldn’t be that many.

"Hm, Let’s go!" Luo Feng rushed through the atmosphere, Dylan followed behind.

…

Passing the atmosphere, he quickly saw the land of earth.

"That’s…the pacific ocean."

Luo Feng deduced from the continents below, "That way!"

Sou! Sou!

Luo Feng and Dylan’s flying speed had already reached a terrifying speed, within 1 second they flew from the pacific ocean to close to America, finally arriving above Asia.

"What a beautiful planet." Dylan looked at the planet below and exclaimed, "Your home is not bad."

"You should have come 200 years again." Luo Feng smiled and looked below.

Right.

The earth had undergone huge change.

Before the great nirvana, the earth was highly populated, that time, the pollution levels were very bad with smog all over.

After the great nirvana, the entire earth was in its last phase, many cities became playgrounds for beasts, forming wastelands, and the most vast area, the oceans, had become the domain of beasts. Humans could only stay within the bases…careful and vigilant!

However…

With Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder god leaving earth to explore the universe, the earth began to undergo change.

With large amounts of technology and resources, even capable of turning a normal planet into a life planet, then, remodeling earth itself became extremely easy.

"So beautiful." Luo Feng looked below and exclaimed.

The entire earth had become a green ocean, with many types of planets spread throughout, little animals moving within the forests, these animals…were only normal animals, not the beasts of back then.

The wasteland cities had completely gone, ah…no!

There were still small amounts of wasteland cities, they were preserved like museums for the new inhabitants of earth to visit and study.