Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 630: The Plan for the Bug Clan Mother Nest

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

After chatting with his wife for a while and seeing his 2 sons separately, the Luo family held a ceremony that night.

The disciples of the Luo family all rushed back from around the universe.

Evening, the gathering began, the hall was bustling with the disciples within.

"Greetings leader!" Over 2,000 people knelt down respectfully in the hall.

"Haha…" Luo Feng sat in the main seat, smiling as he looked at the crowd below, these over 2,000 people were filled with both men and women, over 200 years, it's been many generations, the youngest at the moment was the 11th generation grandchild! There were a total of over 500 men amongst the 2,000 below.

The rest were women, of course there were many more daughter in laws, grand daughter in laws etc.

Even though there were many in the family with only 1 spouse, the later generations, as they explored the universe more and gained more perspective, were influenced by other families…with many having many wives and even tens of them. The strong in the universe, those with power and status usually had many wives.

Of course!

Those attending today’s family meeting, the men only brought a max of 3 wives each, not daring to bring more.

"Get up all of you." Luo Feng ordered.

"Yes family leader." Over 2,000 people got up.

Luo Feng looked at infants carried by their parents below, many of them blinked and looked at him, some of them had dark blue eyes, obviously some were mixed blood.

"Xu Xin." Luo Feng said softly to his wife beside him, "The later generations all seem to have more wives, the number of children are growing too."

"Hm." Xu Xin nodded, "Like your 9th generation grandson Luo Ke Di, he has 51 wives, a third of them are of earth human bloodline, the rest are all from the other races in the universe, of course they are still races close to that of the women of earth. That is our family rule! He has 21 sons and 28 daughters."

Luo Feng was speechless.

Luo Ke Di? Vicious.

"The family reputation is growing and as the Luo Family gets stronger, especially with you taking up the supervisor envoy position, being one of the 4 tycoons of the Ganwu universe country, many ancient races in the country would mix." Xu Xin said helplessly, these later generation kids have seen much and naturally influenced by them. Those huge families in the universe, some of them marry over 10,000 spouses and have over 10,000 children.

"Compared to them, our Luo family is still ok." Xu Xin said.

"…" Luo Feng was silent.

"This is a normal thing that happens when a family grows, and for the family to flourish, it indeed to be big, with bigger numbers, only then will the chances of elites be higher." Xu Xin smiled, "Those ancient families in the universe, which of them doesn’t have trillions of disciples. Just within the family alone, the number of sector lords, domain lords and universe levels are uncountable!"

Luo Feng forced a smile.

If his later generations, everyone of them married tens of wives and gave birth to tens of children…in a hundred to a thousand years, his family population would range in the trillions.

"The reason why humanity is strong." Dylan said beside him quietly, "is because of its reproductivity strength, its numbers are huge."

Luo Feng turned to look at Dylan.

Reproductivity?

Tens of children?

Why did it feel like a sow giving birth, having a group at a time.

"Mr Dylan is right." Xu Xin smiled and nodded, "For a family to become stronger, it cannot simply rely on one person. It requires large amounts of disciples. There’s only over 500 men in the family, compared to the ancient families in the universe, it’s pitiful."

"Alright." Luo Feng shook his head and smiled.

His own generation, Luo Ping and Luo Hai…

At least the earlier generations all mostly had 1 spouse, occasionally having 2 or 3.

The later it got.

Especially the 6th generation grandchildren, 7th…it got more absurd.

"Right now Luo Ke Di has tens of wives, i'm afraid the later generations will be even more absurd." Luo Feng laughed lightly and Xu Xin said beside him, "Eventually, it wouldn’t even be strange if one comes up with thousands to tens of thousands of wives."

"Luo Ke Di, Luo Ke Di." Luo Hua who sat beside Luo Feng laughed, "Brother, who came up with this name, it seems accurate. That punk’s strength is average, yet he has so many wives and children…and he’s still young, I’ve seen this punk, he has the brains for business, the family gave him 3 life planets as territory, he not only built a few palaces there, he’s even built palaces in many places in the universe, nice places to keep his women. Having 51 wives at such a young age, I think in a few decades, it’ll reach the hundreds or even thousands."

"Luo Ke Di, Luo Ke Di." Luo Hua shook his head, "Just using the huge number of children he has, he can win over his enemies! It’s an accurate name for him!"

"A reminder to all."

"Xu Xin smiled, "51 wives is the reported number. According to the family report system…that Luo Ke Di has another 62 he hasn’t reported."

Luo Feng and Luo Hua exchanged glances.

Speechless!

"Genius." The undying Dylan laughed lightly beside.

…

This gathering, Luo Feng played around with the infants, of course the thing that shocked him the most was still…Luo Ke Di.

Luo Feng had a feeling…

That if this went on.

His family would grow extremely huge, of course compared to the black dragon mountain empire royal family or the Ji Shi family etc, the ancient families…even if his family reached over a hundred million, it wouldn’t even be a fraction of the ancient families.

After the ceremony.

Luo Feng, Xu Xin, Luo Ping and Luo Hai sat together as a family.

"Dad." Luo Hai asked, "How long will you be back for this time?"

"Little Hai, I’ll stay pretty long on earth this time." Luo Feng smiled and rubbed his son’s head, of the 2 sons, Luo Ping was more steady and grounded, Luo Hai however was more hot blooded and was studying in the Ganwu dojo, exploring the universe, with the family’s nurturing, he was already star level 8.

"How long is pretty long?" Luo Hai asked.

Luo Ping looked at his father too.

"If it's short, a few hundred years, if it's long, over a thousands years to tens of thousands." Luo Feng smiled, "The time I’m the supervisor envoy, I’ll remain here in reality on earth. Unless there’s a special mission the virtual universe company sends occasionally, the rest of the time I’ll be here."

"Haha, yay." Luo Hai cheered.

Pa!

Luo Ping and Luo Hai, the 2 brothers bumped fists in celebration.

Luo Feng and Xu Xin laughed at the scene, there were many disciples in the family, the 2 closest however were still their own sons.

"I won't be leaving to explore the universe these few years." Luo Hai shouted, "I want to be on earth, haha, dad, of your guard group, there’s actually 10 sector lords and 100 domain lords…hehe, and even an undying, there’ll be many to teach me in the future."

"Don’t disturb Dylan if it isn’t important, once or twice is fine." Luo Feng ordered, "And you are only a star level 8 punk…the 10 sector lords in my guard team are all recognized by the origin laws. All of them can easily give you pointers, looking for them is enough."

Luo Hai nodded, "Understood dad."

Sector lords recognized by the origin laws? Even if the entire black dragon mountain star field put them together, there would only be so few.

"Xu Xin." Luo Feng looked at his wife, "My plan is to buy a few advanced technological items from the virtual universe to remodel the earth.

"Remodel earth?"

Xu Xin, Luo Ping and Luo Hai looked shocked at Luo Feng.

"Hm!" Luo Feng nodded.

"Dylan." Luo Feng shouted, simultaneously communicating over 1km away into the house.

Sou.

Dylan appeared in mid air.

"Your majesty." Dylan shouted, Luo Ping, Luo Hai and Xu Xin immediately became serious, after all this was an undying.

"Tell them my plans to remodel earth." Luo Feng said.

"Hm." Dylan looked at Xu Xin and the 2 brothers, "Your majesty is True Yan emperor’s disciples, and you even made it into the primal region on your 1st time, you are definitely one of the top elites of the virtual universe company, and the company favors such a genius, similarly…the other races in the universe would too."

Xu Xin, Luo Ping and Luo Hai were shocked.

"The universe isn’t fair."

"War will always be there." Dylan said, "The armies of the universe countries, large amounts of soldiers die every day…however those are still mostly just cannon fodder, for an absolute genius like your majesty, you are the true threat to those other races. With your talent, as long as you don’t fall!"

"It’s set that you’d become at least an official level undying, there’s even hope for you to become an emperor level undying. There’s even a slight chance for you to become the mighty universe country leaders." FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"To these absolute geniuses."

"Humanity recognizes your importance, naturally the other races do too."

"What humanity recognizes…is nurture, while what the other races…they have to kill them early!" Dylan said, Xu Xin, Luo Ping and Luo Hai’s expression changed.

Dylan smiled, "However, don’t worry, the few elites the other races have hidden within humanity do not dare reveal themselves too easily, after all, hiding amongst us and not being discovered is an extremely hard thing to do."

"And also, the absolute geniuses aren’t fully matured yet, and their position is at most similar to an official level undying." Dylan said, "In truth, to break through that space technique surrounding earth, one has to at least be an official level undying proficient in space techniques, and even so, these official level undyings wouldn’t do it personally, because doing that would reveal themselves, and within humanity’s territory, they wouldn’t be able to escape."

Luo Feng nodded, "Hence you needn’t be too worried."

Xu Xin, Luo Ping and Luo Hai nodded.

"To conceal themselves and enter is hard enough, and doing that with an official level undying. To these races, their value is akin to an emperor level undying that’s not in our territory." Dylan smiled, "They cannot bear to lose them! The stronger the being, the harder it is for them to enter human territory and hide. The moment they succeed…they all become important pawns!"

"However we cannot get careless either!"

"Assassination, there’s many ways to do it, they can use poison or automaton weapons or some special methods." Dylan said, "Anyway, there’s many ways to kill someone."

Xu Xin and the 2 brothers were shocked.

"You can relax, during the time any supervisor envoy is sent out, if they cannot even be guaranteed safety in the planet they stay in…they would all be long gone." Dylan laughed, "The virtual universe company already has a perfect remodeling plan for the planets the geniuses stay long term in, it can at least guarantee that…these planets will be completely safe when they are in them. Only when they leave and do the other missions…normally only then would they face danger."

Luo Feng smiled, "Let’s believe in the power of the virtual universe company."

"Right, how's the bug clan mother nest doing?" Luo Feng asked.

There were 2 important things he had to do on earth, 1 was to remodel it and the 2nd was the plan for the bug clan mother nest.