Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 633: Nameless

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"But how did the Flame god race have such special metal?" Luo Feng thought, "Even in my inherited memories or with my authority, i'm unable to find any such information on this metal in the virtual universe network."

"Firstly Luo feng, you have to understand that your inherited memories are the work of generations of golden horned beasts willingly passing down their knowledge through the bloodline, hence you can receive it. Some extra mysterious information, they may not leave behind."

Luo Feng was stunned.

Right.

"Secondly, as the flame god race is a strong race, even with their small numbers, they are still a strong race. Then…to them, destroying a universe country is still easy." Babata said.

"They are , strong and mysterious, with very little contact with the outside world, every race has their own unique things, what do you know about them?" Babata said, "While the words and information in this board is of the Flame god race, it doesn’t mean it’s an item of theirs. After all, there are many beings that actually know the characters and words of the race."

Luo Feng nodded.

"The easiest method is to first learn the language and then translate it, wouldn’t you know it after?" Babata said.

"Haha…"

Luo Feng laughed and nodded.

The flame god race language had similarities with Chinese, they all used pretty similar characters, and all of the characters in the flame god race ancient language added up to only about 10,000 words! It was similar to chinese, while if all the ancient chinese characters were added up would maybe be quite a lot, in truth, many had been discarded, the ones usually used were only that few thousand.

A few thousand words, forming an entire language and culture.

The characters of the flame god race, with Luo Feng’s consciousness memory, just seeing it once allowed him to completely memorize them.

"What a simple and mysterious language, so close to chinese." Luo Feng thought as he began to decipher the information within the black metal board.

The details were…

"9 levels"

"The flesh and blood life form is mainly the body and the soul, the 2 are equally important. This manual specializes in remodeling the body, changing the essence of the physical body, causing it to change from within, and evolve… (There were 829 words after)"

"The training is very dangerous, every 1 of the 9 levels, failure will result in the soul and body crumbling, immediate death."

"The 1st level… (31,231 words after)"

"The 2nd level… (92 words after)"

"The 3rd level… (71 words after)"

…

"The 9th level… (1,292 words after)"

This should be a very mysterious and secret training manual, a total of over 30,000 words, it wasn’t complete though. Even the words within were missing parts, the name had 4 words, only the 2 were legible, the other 2 were unknown.

"Damn."

"According to the details of the front part, there’s a total of 9 levels in this manual, after translating, the 1st manual is complete, the others aren’t." Luo Feng held onto the broken black metal board, it was incomplete.

Hence the information within was incomplete too.

However from the looks of it, it held within the front part of the entire manual.

However, just from looking at it alone, Luo Feng was shocked, because it was completely unlike any technique he had ever come across, many techniques used the origin laws and battle techniques! Just like Deities of the world, it only allowed one to change one’s size and condense one’s power.

Luo Feng had never heard…

Of evolving one’s body from within!

"The evolution of the physical body, it can only happen that many times, from student level to star traveller, star traveller to star level, star level to universe level, universe level to domain lord, domain lord to sector lord!" Luo Feng thought, "And only through these breakthroughs will one’s body evolve. And from level 1 to 9, it’s simply strengthening."

"However, according to this technique."

"Even after one reaches sector lord pinnacle, as long as they train in this, they can see force their body to evolve further?" Luo Feng found it hard to believe.

Physical evolution! Soul evolution!

These were natural things that happened at the breakthroughs, the theory and physics, Luo Feng didn’t know himself, it was purely the movement of the origin laws of the universe. Just like how the universe had set the rules…The soul’s limit was 1,000 eras, the great limit for the star traveller, star, universe and domain lord level.

The limit of the life span, one of the laws of the universe.

The evolution of the body was also one of the laws.

The highest speed in the universe was light speed, this was one of the laws too.

"This manual actually exceeds the universe laws." Luo Feng felt his heart skip a beat, he squinted, the words of the manual translating within his mind.

The name of the manual was incomplete, hence he simply left it nameless.

"The nameless manual."

"Evolving the physical body."

"Even at domain lord level 9, or sector lord level 9! One can still trigger evolution within the physical body." Luo Feng thought, "This is unbelievable… Many people train till the sector lord level 9 and their bodies are already at the peak, unable to evolve further. Even the golden horned beast’s deities of the world only condenses the body and strength, it doesn’t cause any actual change to the body." Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

Genetic change?

Blood river energy!"

"I remember the moment I trigger the blood river energy, the golden horned beast’s genes within its right claw etc will all swiftly change. Just the right claw alone is akin to 10 times the body’s strength." Luo Feng though, the golden horned beast’s body was huge, the right claw alone would normally not even be a tenth of its full strength.

But with the blood river energy, it was 10 times the entire right claw.

This level of genetic change, how terrifying was it?

…

Outside the window, the sky was shimmering.

Luo Feng cleared his throat as he sat on the balcony, he was filled with a fear he never felt before.

Right.

Fear!

"Even after studying the 9 universe primal chaos tablet, with the time space scribbles…these are all guidance in comprehension of the universe origin laws, and comprehending the laws are within the laws of the universe." Luo Feng thought, "I’ve never heard of going against the laws, this is simply…"

"The undying beings are all masters of the universe laws, they are unable to evolve their bodies further."

"If they knew of such a heavenly technique, allowing one to evolve their body after reaching its limits. I’m afraid they would fight madly to come grab it." Luo Feng squinted, "Hm, of course my position within humanity itself is high, and yet low, I haven’t exactly touched the true upper echelon of humanity!"

Humanity, one of the pinnacle races.

Those absolute beings that stood at the pinnacle of humanity had many resources, many of which already monopolized, like the blood river crystals and the slots for the demon note inheritance etc…

Anyway.

For Luo Feng, this little punk, there were many things he could never acquire.

"I dare say that this manual that triggers evolution in the body past the laws of the universe, is incredible valuable."

"No matter what, I definitely cannot reveal it." Luo Feng thought.

This manual.

Would make the universe jealous!

The total of 9 levels, failure in every level would result in the soul and body crumbling into ashes.

Success would mean genetic evolution.

Failure would result in the core itself crumbling.

It was very peculiar and terrifying.

The next day, early in the morning, Luo Feng first went to Shen Nong Jia to look at the mother nest, after which he told his guard team he would be immersed in training, leaving Dylan in charge of the remodeling of earth.

…

Within his family’s secret room, the empty secret room had nothing but a row of weapons.

Luo Feng sat there crossed legged.

"Pa!" Luo Feng threw his blade into the rack of weapons.

He glanced at the blood shadow blade, "Right now my mosha clansman has taken on the form of the blood shadow blade, and the core lies within it…no matter what happens, my life core is within the mosha body. No matter how my earth body trains and even if it's destroyed, I can still rebuild the body."

This manual’s technique was terrifying.

However…

Luo Feng happened to be one of the very few in the universe that had no fear for his life.

The training of this manual required the soul ball and genetic energy ball as the 2 cores, releasing spirit energy and genetic energy to permeate constantly throughout every cell in the body, causing the soul and genetic energy ball and the body, the 3 to find balance, before beginning the training to evolve genetically.

The moment he failed.

The 3 would crumble.

Body, genetic and spirit energy, the 3 would turn to ashes.

If it were a normal flesh and blood life form, the moment the genetic and spirit energy balls turn to ashes, that would be death without a doubt!

"However, this genetic and spirit energy crystal balls…aren’t too important to me. They can only be considered as energy." Luo Feng thought, "If I fail, it’s no big deal, I’ll just have to gather energy to reform the body."

"Exhale!"

"Inhale!"

Luo Feng took a deep breath and the strong gale resulted in a hurricane within the 10m wide spacious room, finally, he closed his eyes and the 30,000 words of the nameless manual appeared in his mind, then he began the training.

Chi!

Chi!

A whirling spirit energy ball that represented his soul flew straight into his brain’s consciousness position.

A genetic energy crystal ball stayed as his Dantian.

"The 3…"

"As 1!"

Immediately the 2 balls simultaneously shot out 720 energy threads, swiftly piercing through his body’s 720 vital points.

"The body as the universe, rise!"

Rumble!

The 2 balls shook violently and once again shot out 36,000 threads that swiftly entered every part of his body, the blur of energy threads pierced through every side of his body, almost like a brand new channel of energy…allowing the genetic and spirit energy balls to condense like never before.

The 3 formed a perfect balance almost like the revolution of the universe, threads of energy following the 72,000 threads, 1,440 main threads that coursed throughout his body.

Incomparably perfect.