Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 636: The 9th Army

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"When it involves war with the other races, it isn’t strange the virtual universe company is ruthless in its methods." Luo Feng looked at the details on the screen.

This was the issue: Through the detailed investigation of the virtual universe company, it confirmed that the Dream underworld empire of the Ganwu universe country’s royal family, the Yao Hai family’s head ancestor Yao Hai and his disciple Jeffrey, the 2 undyings had their souls invaded and controlled by the bug clan’s warriors. Right now, the 2 undyings had already become henchmen for the bug clan.

The entire Yao Hai family was being used by the bug clan, over 3.22 million years, they secretly invaded. As the Yao Hai family became traitors in the wars, there were huge losses for humanity.

Mission targets: Yao Hai family’s suspects, under him the 18 organizations of elites that were being controlled secretly, a total of 1.2 hundred million people, along with the undyings Yao Hai and Jeffrey, kill all of them!

The targets’ strengths in detail"

1, Yao Hao and Jeffrey are normal undyings of the Ganwu universe country, after acquiring the bug clan’s soul manuals, their powers grew greatly, Yao Hai now has the strength of an official level undying and Jeffrey has the power of a higher level general.

2, The normal 1.2 hundred million members, a total of 39 sector lords, 812 domain lords, 91,256 universe levels, the number of star traveller and star levels aren’t confirmed.

Mission objectives:

1, Kill Yao Hai (Official level undying), completion will increase points by 20%, failure would result in a deduction of 20%.

2, Kill Jeffrey (Upper undying general), completion will increase points by 10%, failure would result in a deduction of 10%.

3, Kill all 1.2 hundred million, Completion will increase points by 15%, if even one survives, the mission is a failure, no penalty on failure.

4, Personally kill target Gesili (Sector lord level 1), completion will increase points by 10%, no penalty on failure.

Personally kill target Biao Ai Fu (Sector lord level 1), completion will increase points by 10%, no penalty on failure.

Personally kill target Tan Bulin (Sector lord level 2), completion will increase points by 15%, no penalty on failure.

Personally kill target Biao Lei De (Sector lord level 3), completion will increase points by 20%, no penalty on failure.

Resources you can use:

1 Ganwu universe country’s 9th army (Collective army)

2 Golden horn race Pagoda squadron

3 Virtual universe company’s information system

Mission time limit: 1 year (Any mission not completed within the time frame will be deemed a failure)

Mission rewards: Total completion at 200,000 points, final points awarded.

Person accepting mission: Luo Feng

"What a long introduction." Luo feng sat at his desk and looked at the laptop screen, smiling, "The virtual universe never really let me do things personally, if they wanted me to personally kill an official level undying, I might as well give up immediately."

"The Golden horn race Pagoda squadron?" Babata stared at the screen from Luo Feng’s shoulder.

The details of the mission were very long.

Except for the most basic parts, there were still introductions of the 9th army along with the golden horned race pagoda squadron!

"I need to kill 1.2 hundred million people this time, I definitely cannot do it myself, it would be even harder to not miss anybody." Luo Feng said seriously, "Allowing the 9th army in will be nice, and against the 2 undying, defeating them would be easy, killing them however would be extremely difficult. I’ll need the pagoda squadron to do that."

The 9th army was very strong.

The pagoda squadron was an even more pinnacle force of undyings.

"I cannot delay, I’ll prepare to head out today towards the Dream underworld empire’s Red Dawn planet to meet the golden horn race people." Luo Feng emphasized.

…

That day, Luo Feng informed his wife and children, along with his parents and brother before secretly leaving with the undying Dylan and 5 sector lords in the Yun Mo planet ship, leaving earth.

The Yun Mo planet ship swiftly flew through the dark universe at 50 times light speed.

Within the control room.

Luo Feng and Dylan sat within.

"Dylan, with your experience, how can I get the highest amount of points in this mission, the best is to get 100%." Luo Feng looked at the black robed bald Dylan, in terms of experience and perspective; he paled in comparison to Dylan, and he didn’t dare delay his first mission.

"Of the 4 parts of this mission, "Dylan emphasized, "The most troublesome is killing the 1.2 hundred million targets, with so many targets after all, the moment you make a move, it would result in the groups of targets madly fleeing, and with 1.2 hundred million fleeing madly in the universe, killing all of them cleanly is truly not realistic at all."

Luo feng nodded.

In the vast universe.

Hiding in random corners would make them hard to locate.

"Hence, of the 4 missions, we have to be extremely careful about killing the 1.2 hundred million targets." Dylan said, "If we don’t make a move, everybody must not move, the moment we do, we have to be like lightning, slaughtering all 1.2 hundred million in a short amount of time."

"Understood." Luo Feng nodded.

"And killing the 2 undyings Yao hai and Jeffrey comes with danger as well." Dylan frowned, his gaze cold, "Any undying is extremely hard to kill, much less an official level undying, and the moment any information is leaked and anyone of them flees, teleporting through their god countries, they can instantly travel to a faraway place in the universe, it’ll be impossible to find them."

Luo Feng nodded.

Right.

They couldn’t be careless about this.

"Of the 4 missions, killing Yao Hai, Jeffrey, failure would result in deductions." Dylan emphasized, "Failure would not only mean no completion, it would even result in lesser points overall."

"Hm." Luo Feng nodded.

If he had completed the other 2 missions.

Consecutively personally killing the 4 sector lords and got 55% completion, along with slaughtering the 1.2 hundred million targets completely and acquiring the 15% addition. However the moment he didn’t kill the 2 undyings…that would mean a 30% deduction of his completion…leaving behind only 40% done at the end.

"Finally, the personally killing missions." Dylan smiled, "Actually, these 4 sector lords are not important to the virtual universe company, but their strength will give you a good chance to test your strength and abilities."

Luo Feng nodded.

4 sector lords, 2 sector lord level 1, 1 level 2 and the last one level 3.

Allowing a domain lord level 9 to go kill these sector lords, only the virtual universe company would arrange for something like that.

"And the completion rate for these killings are pretty high, killing all 4 would give you 55%. Even higher than killing the 2 undyings." Dylan laughed.

Whether it was Luo Feng or Dylan.

Towards the virtual universe company’s request of slaughtering the 1.2 hundred million, they were only taken aback but had no sense of unfairness or dissatisfaction.

Because Luo Feng and Dylan, one had inherited memories, another was a powerful being that had lived for a long time, hence the 2 were clear on just how brutal the race wars were in the vast universe! Even a few of those other stronger races, having been exposed or revealed in humanity’s regions, with no way to escape, they would go on a mad massacre, that alone could result in trillions of humans dying!

Hence!

The moment it was judged that one was a traitor of humanity, doing things for the other races, they would be sentenced to death immediately!

"Your majesty, from here to Red dawn planet, with the Yun mo planet ship’s speed, it’ll take 16 days." Dylan smiled, "Your majesty should go rest."

"Hm."

Luo Feng nodded and returned to his resting quarters. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

As he returned, he sent a thread of consciousness into the virtual universe network and entered amethyst island.

Virtual universe, amethyst island.

This incredibly beautiful island that was made completely of amethyst was the ganwu department’s office.

"Envoy."

"Envoy."

As Luo Feng walked within the majestic main palace, the domain lords, sector lords and undyings that saw him all bowed respectfully. After a while…he arrived at a reception hall.

"Luo Feng, Luo Feng, hurry over." Purple lightning official shouted passionately, "The 9th army leader has been here awhile already."

"Ah?"

Luo Feng smiled at purple lightning official and walked together to the hall.

Within the spacious hall, there was a completely black stone table, around it were huge thrones, there were currently 3 sitting in the thrones, they were…Gold feather official, Black Yan official and a tall and skinny man completely covered in green armor.

This tall and skinny man was about 8m tall, his skin was steel color, his gaze cold and his lips purple. Even as he sat there, he gave off a terrifying energy, almost as though he was made completely of endless lightning, no one could get close.

And behind him stood a blur of undyings, with a glance, there was at least a 100.

"9th army leader?" Luo Feng smiled and walked over.

"Envoy." The tall and skinny man got down from the throne and smiled as he walked over.

The 2 exchanged glances and smiled at each other.

"According to the virtual universe company’s order, our million soldiers of the Ganwu universe country’s 9th army will be under your command." The tall and skinny man said seriously, his voice like 2 pieces of steel clanging against each other.

"There’s no subservience, we are all fighting for virtual universe company and humanity." Luo Feng smiled.

The tall and skinny man couldn’t help but smile wider as he heard this.

Afterall, he was an official level undying and the leader of the 9th army, his position was extremely high, hence when he heard he would be under a domain lord level 9 punk, he was somewhat unhappy within. However after hearing Luo Feng’s words, it kept the respect he deserved as an official level undying with great status.

"Luo Feng." The black robed lady smiled, "Let me give you a simple introduction of the 9th army."

Luo Feng listened intently.

"The 9th army is also named the 9th collective army, it is formed with 100 groups." The black robed lady said, "Every group has 1 undying, 100 sector lords, 1,000 domain lords and 10,000 universe levels. The entire 9th army has over 1 million soldiers."

Luo Feng nodded.

Every army that headed to the wars outside had at least 10,000 people.

And Luo Feng’s guard team was made up of 1 undying, 10 sector lords, 100 domain lords and 1,000 universe levels, it was only a tenth of a normal army. It was mostly only a guard team…but extremely important! Hence the sector lords within the team were all sector lord pinnacle and all recognized by the origin laws.

And the normal armies that went to wars weren’t so extravagant. An army with 100 sector lords, there would probably only be a few at pinnacle level and recognized by the laws.