Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 639: Hunting the Undying

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

The blood red triangular ship stopped on a mountain in a desolate mineral planet.

In the other regions of this planet, there were 30 enormous interstellar battleships, along with a ship for the pagoda squadron of the gold horn race…at the core of the battle ships lay the Yun Mo planet ship.

Within a dining hall inside the yun mo planet ship.

"How long will we wait?" The armored youth said impatiently as he ate, "Why hasn’t the information system department given us the exact location of our target, we don’t even know where he is right now and we have no way to make a move, are we to simply just wait here?"

"Be quiet."

The gold armored old man glanced at him.

"Await the order!" The tall and skinny 9th army leader said coldly, "The information system wouldn’t care about your complaints."

The armored youth pouted.

"Footsteps?" The 9th army leader and the gold armored old man turned simultaneously, immediately, the cabin door in the distance automatically opened and a silver armored Luo Feng smiled and walked in, behind him, Dylan followed him.

Looking at Luo Feng’s smile, the 9th army and the old man couldn’t help but smile too.

"Seems like good news." The armored youth muttered too.

"Friends!"

Luo Feng smiled carefree, "Right now, our undying target Yao Hai is having a ceremony in the capital planet!"

"Haha, fantastic." The armored youth jumped up excitedly.

The gold armored old man and the 9th army leader both stood up.

"I didn’t expect the information system to be so efficient." The 9th army leader smiled, beside him the gold armored old man chimed in, "The probably didn’t dare delay his majesty Luo feng."

"Let’s go, follow me to the control room." Luo Feng ordered.

Immediately…

Luo Feng led with his guard Dylan, the leader of the pagoda squadron elder Si Fan Qi with Kashna and the 9th army leader followed behind, the leaders of this entire mission all gathered within the control room of the Yun mo planet ship.

Standing within the control room.

Luo Feng glanced outside at the scenery of the desolate mineral planet, saying coldly, "Pagoda squadron, 30 groups of the 9th army, the target is Dream underworld empire capital planet, head out!"

"Yes!"

"Yes!"

"Yes!"

…

There were many head figures on the screen, a total of 31, these were the captains of the 30 interstellar battleships.

Rumble!

The Yun mo planet ship along with the Pagoda ship, one ahead of the other, became beams of lights and swiftly rushed into the skies.

Rumble…

The land shook. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

30 enormous interstellar battleships that were over 10km in length gradually rose into the skies, their speeds accelerated and finally became 30 shooting stars, flying towards space.

When Luo Feng was leading the team swiftly through the dark universe heading towards the capital planet, on that capital planet, it was a luxurious scene.

The capital planet had always been the core of business and economy, it gathered the upper echelon of the universe country.

And today, a huge and extremely grand ceremony was being held, the ones invited were the highest of people within the Dream underworld empire.

"2nd princess, I heard that undying of our empire is a great person within the Ganwu universe country." A beautiful lady lifting a wine glass, dressed in a purple dress was in the corner softly chatting with another beautiful lady with jade green hair, "Hence even the Head ancestor is coming personally to welcome him."

"The head ancestor, the person coming must be an undying." The jade green hair princess’s eyes gleamed, "I haven’t seen an undying from the universe country."

"You’ll see in a moment princess." The lady smiled.

The dining hall was bustling with activity.

The upper echelon of the empire that had arrived much earlier all conversed softly, a few beautiful women were amongst them looking at the other youths, these sort of upper echelon ceremonies were usually the best chance for youths to find partners.

…

Outside the capital planet.

Hua!

The space seemed to ripple, a triangular blood colored universe ship appeared first, following closely behind was the pagoda ship and finally the incredibly huge interstellar ships that gathered across the space.

"Your majesty, that is the capital planet of the Dream underworld empire." Dylan smiled and pointed ahead.

Luo Feng looked ahead too.

Looking from space, that dream underworld capital planet looked like it was covered in mist, a layer of dark green covered it.

"What a beautiful planet." Luo Feng complemented softly, "It’s a pity today it’ll be destroyed by war."

"That cannot be avoided." Dylan emphasized.

The targets this time were the official level undying Yao Hai and the upper level general undying Jeffrey, as undyings that could easily ripple the entire planet…the moment the mission began, there was no question the entire planet would be affected.

"Elder Si Fan Qi." Luo Feng shouted.

"Your majesty." The elder of the pagoda squadron listened intently to the order.

"In a while, you will bring you team to kill Yao Hai and Jeffrey." Luo Feng said softly, "I hope, to the best of your ability, to let the normal civilians live. Of course…the top priority is still to kill the 2 undyings."

"Understood." Elder Si Fan Qi nodded.

Luo Feng looked at the beautiful planet in space, his eyes slowly concentrating, ordering coldly, "9th army, 30 groups, surround the entire capital planet, the moment the mission begins, stop and destroy any ships that try to flee!"

"Understood!"

"Understood!"

…

30 replies continuously.

"Move!" Luo Feng ordered.

Immediately, the huge 30 interstellar battle ships that surrounded the Yun Mo planet ship began to disperse, preparing to surround the capital planet from space, able to block all traffic in and out within the region.

"Elder Si Fan Qi, your team should move too." Luo Feng looked at Si Fan Qi.

"Your majesty, don’t worry, our pagoda team will definitely kill Yao Hai and Jeffrey." The gold armored old man’s eyes were extremely confident.

"Remember, you have to open broadcast channels with the virtual universe network." Luo Feng said.

Synchronized broadcast, this would allow the battle footage to be instantly recorded and sent to the virtual universe network, and as this form of broadcast was controlled by the virtual universe system, there was no way to fake it. The detailed progress of these missions etc all had to be synchronized broadcast.

"Understood." The old man nodded.

"It all lands on you elder." Luo Feng said to the old man, "Killing the 2 of them is this mission’s most important part, if we fail, we’ll lose a big half of it, we definitely cannot let them escape. Elder Si Fan Qi…I’ll be in space awaiting your news!"

"Let’s go!" Luo Feng watched the gold armored old man leave.

He became a blur and swiftly flew out of the Yun Mo planet ship, entering the neighboring pagoda ship.

Within that ship was 1 emperor level undying and 7 official level undyings, they swiftly became a beam of light and flew towards the atmosphere of the capital planet.

"Babata, the moment the battle begins, engage long distance broadcast, I need to see the process of the battle." Luo Feng said.

"No problem! The virtual universe company had upgraded many of the systems in here very well, we are very close to the planet, completely within the scanning range." Babata shouted excitedly from the screen.

"Remember, only begin the scan when the battle begins, or we’ll alert them too early."

"Understood."

Luo Feng looked on at that peaceful beautiful planet, along with the 30 interstellar battleships about, like 30 moons hovering about the planet.

"It’s begun!"

Luo Feng took a deep breath.

Within the ceremony hall.

"The god leader is here!" A powerful voice resounded throughout the grand ceremony hall, the hall which was originally filled with rampant discussions instantly grew silent, the royal elites and upper echelon, all the distinguished people of the dream underworld empire, all became incredibly humble and respectful as they waited patiently.

At the door of the hall, 3 silhouettes entered.

A formless undying law ripple caused all the sector lords, domain lords, universe levels and many other normal people to feel the pressure.

"Greetings god leader!"

After which a sector lord knelt first on the ground.

Immediately, everyone within the hall all knelt down, shouting loudly, ""Greetings god leader."

The sound resounded throughout the hall.

Standing on the stage before everybody was a green armored, handsome normally looking boy at first glance, his forehead had a peculiar crystal embedded within, this seemingly simply youth, was the emperor who opened the empire within the dream underworld empire, the head ancestor Yao Hai!

He, Yao Hai!

He had the greatest power within the dream underworld empire.

"Today, I’m very happy." Yao Hai smiled, his voice resounding in everyone’s ears, the 2 other undyings standing beside him, one of which was tall and sturdy with a pointy head, he was the number 2 person in this empire, Yao Hai’s disciple…undying Jeffrey!

Another on the other side, dressed in a dark gold long robe with long snow like white hair, smiling, almost like a radiant sun.

"Because the universe country’s Lord Long Chi Er has come to our Dream underworld…" Yao Hai’s voice suddenly stopped.

He frowned.

Even Jeffrey and that white haired undying all frowned, they looked up, because the 3 undyings could feel powerful god energy brushing past them, this was an incredibly disrespectful thing to do.

The upper echelon members gathered in the hall all looked up suspiciously.

"Haha, what a crowded ceremony."

"Hehe, the humans really know how to enjoy."

"Right, look at the little doll on the stage. Haha."

Different sorts of noises that were like glass being scratched resounded throughout the hall, causing many of them to not be able to help but cover their ears.