Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 642: Undying Bug Clan Mother Nest

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

That pyramid mother nest which was a few tens of km tall, during the glaring gold sea of light, it let out an ear piercing scream.

"Sha!"

The ear piercing scream caused the numerous golden bug soldiers to roar together. These golden bug soldiers were mainly split into two kinds. One was similar to human form, about 30m tall, they were completely covered in armor, and on their backs were bug wings. Their eyes resembled a houseflies compound eyes.

Another type was much skinnier and about 100m tall. Their bodies were bent and hunched, and their head portion seemed to be filled with eyes, with hundreds to thousands of eyes. Their backs had hundreds of wings.

These two different types of soldiers were completely gold in color.

The auras they emanated caused the space around them to shake.

With the ear piercing scream of the mother nest, both kinds of soldiers all roared. As the leading gold humanoid shaped soldier opened its mouth, a sharp glass like instrument with a diameter of about 30cm glowed with white light.

Thousands of golden soldiers all opened their mouths and extended a similar instrument from their mouth.

Chi!

"Flee!"

"Quickly flee, all flee! Quickly, quickly, quickly!!!" The 9th army leader was no longer as calm as before. Within the Yun Mo planet ship, he was filled with shock and fear. He hurriedly roared at the 30 interstellar battleships through the control board, they all immediately activated and began to accelerate to flee.

However…

The acceleration of the interstellar battleships, how could they compare to the large group of bug soldiers?

Thousands of 30m gold bug soldiers that resembled the demons in legends, they simultaneously shot out a blinding white pillar of light. Thousands of them gathering and condensing in one point! Thousands of powerful soldiers acting as one.

When thousands of them gathered into one single white pillar of light…

Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! The space around the area shook violently, instantly exploding apart, revealing a terrifying maelstrom within the space, with all sorts of broken space fragments, layers upon layers of disorderly space was flowing around madly.

Simultaneously!

As that target point at the center, the shaken universe space around fell like dominoes, expanding in all directions! In an instant, it was almost like a supernova explosion!

Rumble!

It created a blinding huge ball of light with a diameter of tens of thousands of km. The slow accelerating interstellar battleships were like 30 little ships amidst a storm, they were instantly swallowed by the huge light ball, completely vanishing from vision.

Following closely!

This was a huge ball of light that was even larger than a star. The violent shockwaves shot in all directions, only then did the ear piercing scream truly sound.

Rumble…

The universe shook!

Space tore apart!

It was almost like an apocalypse!

In the light ball that shot in all directions, the 30 interstellar battle ships shook within, almost like playthings, flying all over as the shockwaves threw them about.

Sou!

Amidst the countless shockwaves, a blood colored triangular ship seemed to brave the winds and billows, flying right out.

…

Within the Yun Mo planet ship.

"No!!!" The 9th army leader’s expression was ugly as he stared behind. The external simulator allowed him to easily see the 30 enormous interstellar battle ships rolling about like playthings.

"This, is too terrifying." The armored youth Kashna stared wide eyed.

Luo Feng grit his teeth.

Simply.

Too terrifying.

Just one combined attack…it actually caused mass destruction within an area with a diameter of tens of thousands of km. As for the shockwaves, they reached out even further, what terrifying power! Some normal planets didn’t even have a diameter of 10,000 km. Even a star, their diameters hardly ever exceeded 10,000 km.

With such power, who could block it?

The gold armored elder Si Fan Qi quickly roared, "Quick, quickly flee. Another team of thousands of undying bug soldiers are chasing!"

"Undying bug soldiers?" Luo Feng turned.

From the external simulator, Luo Feng could see the blur of thousands of golden bug soldiers rushing from behind the Yun Mo Planet ship. They were about 100m tall, filled with eyes all over. They were hunched with hundreds of wings on their back. All their eyes were fixed on the fleeing Yun mo planet ship.

These gold bug soldiers had speeds that weren’t slower than the Yun Mo planet ship at all!

Undying level, they could enter universe travel with just their bodies.

"Universe travel, countdown…" Babata’s voice resounded within the ship.

"Don’t do it."

The gold armored elder Si Fan Qi roared, "It’s no use, within the dark universe, they are even faster. When the undying bugs give chase, before we hit maximum speed, their instantaneous acceleration far exceeds this ship’s."

"Then what do we do?" Dylan roared, "Old man, quickly think of something!"

"Quickly."

Luo Feng looked at the group of malevolent gold bug soldiers that was closing in fast, he was panicking too. The legendary undying bug soldiers, in an instant there were thousands of them, what kind of terrifying power was this? Thousands of them combining their attacks, even an emperor level undying would have to flee.

"Don’t do anything, leave it to me."

The gold armored elder roared softly, simultaneously he vanished from the control room.

"Hm?" Luo Feng’s expression changed.

"It’s teleportation, he’s already outside of the ship." Dylan communicated.

"Don’t resist, I’ll absorb all of you into my world." Elder Si Fan Qi’s serious voice resounded within everyone’s mind in the Yun Mo planet ship.

Sou!

The entire Yun Mo planet ship vanished in mid air, leaving behind only the gold armored elder.

"Repulsive bug clan." The elder stood in space, looking back at the thousands of bug soldiers swiftly rushing at him, his eyes filled with hatred. "The next time we meet in the outer region wars, I’ll definitely let you know how powerful I am."

"Wa…"

The thousands of gold bug soldiers saw that the human ship had vanished. They were like humans, all of them had a full body of eyes that shot out gold threads that extended throughout and condensed about the space.

Elder Si Fan Qi who was preparing to teleport again felt the universe space about condense, immediately grit his teeth.

"Bastard." VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Elder Si Fan Qi roared.

Sou!

He accelerated fiercely!

Very quickly, he almost reached light speed, the space around him rippled and he entered the dark universe.

Wa!

The thousands of golden bug soldiers accelerated again and reached light speed, the surrounding space rippled and they all entered the dark universe.

…

Within the world.

The Yun Mo planet had slowed down and stopped in the spacious sky above a forest. Within the control room, the group was silent for awhile.

Luo Feng, Dylan, the 5 sector lord guards, the 7 official level undyings of the pagoda squadron and the 9th army leader, this group of survivors hearts were all still in suspense. This was because everyone was clear…they were only in elder Si Fan Qi’s world.

The moment he died, they would all be killed.

"Can he escape? Can Elder Si Fan Qi escape from the bug soldiers?" Luo Feng looked at Dylan.

"No idea." Dylan shook his head.

"Definitely no problem. My teacher has incredibly strong power." The armored youth Kashna shouted.

Beside him the tall and skinny 9th army leader said solemnly, "Undying bug clan mother nest, they belong to the upper echelon of the bug clan. Everyone of them is incredibly terrifying…in the outer regions, every time one of them appears, it’s a nightmare!"

Bated breaths.

Suffocating.

The group within the control room were all silently awaiting their fates.

The thing they were most worried about right now was the world collapsing. That would indicate the death of elder Si Fan Qi, and when the world was destroyed, they would be revealed! When that happened…this group of absolute warriors, against that undying bug clan mother nest, would have no resistance at all.

Sou!

The Yun mo planet ship vanished from the world.

When it reappeared Luo Feng and the rest could see ahead clearly, it was an endless snow storm.

"This is a mineral planet with low temperatures." A familiar voice resounded.

Luo Feng, the 9th army leader, Dylan and the others all turned to look.

The gold armored elder suddenly appeared within the control room, this was the terrifying power of teleportation…it wasn’t simply extremely fast movement. Fast movement wasn’t enough to break through the defense of the Yun Mo planet ship. However…during teleportation, no mountain or wall could block it.

Of course, even amongst the emperor level undying, only few had the ability to do it.

"Teacher."

"Elder."

It was an uproar of celebration within the control room.

Luo Feng looked at the gold armored elder and bowed, "Elder Si Fan Qi, Thank you for saving our lives."

"It’s my duty." The elder’s eyes were somewhat fatigued, smiling, "That bunch of repulsive bugs are really hard to deal with. Luckily I’m proficient in the space laws and escaping. In terms of space law attacks, I may be weaker, however I definitely have a guarantee in fleeing. After dizzying amounts of universe travel and being chased through thousands of galaxies, I managed to shake them off."

Space laws, they could be split into many sides.

Teleportation belonged to the ultimate of one side.

"Teacher, you are hurt?" The armored youth Kashna stared at the elder’s armor, shocked.

Elder Si Fan Qi’s had a tear.

"I was hit once while fleeing."

He shook his head, "Those repulsive bugs, they all have undying level strength. Even though they don’t have their own intellect, and take all orders from the queen. If it were 1v1, they are much weaker than a true undying. However with thousands of them combined, they far exceed the combined forces of thousands of true undyings, they are indeed terrifying."