Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 645: Creator of The Nan Shen Armament

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"Look, his majesty Luo Feng is about to win." Elder Si Fan qi smiled and looked within the space prison.

Within the prison.

Sector lord Lei De’s face was pierced. A powerful blade energy entered through his body and with a rumble, his body exploded open with blood spurting everywhere, smashing against the formless space barrier before falling on the ground.

"Phew."

Luo Feng stood on the dark cloud shuttle before slowly descending. Staring at the mess, "This Lei De is only a sector lord level 3. I didn’t expect to find it so hard to kill him. Just in terms of strength, he should be about 10 times stronger than me."

Domain lord level 9 to sector lord level 1 was a huge jump. The moment one reached sector lord level 1, he would have the world energy and his own internal world. Also, his strength would rise by over 10 times.

In pure strength alone.

Sector lord level 3 was about 4 times stronger than that of sector lord level 1.

All in all, in terms of pure strength, sector lord level 3 was tens of times that of a domain lord level 9! And Lei De’s origin law comprehension was almost at the heavenly bridge level 6! Luo Feng completely relied on his own comprehension being stronger, along with his shocking spirit amplitude to dominate his opponent and finally kill him.

"I’ve already used my full strength in law attacks, I didn’t expect him to force me to use 1,200 times my amplitude." Luo Feng thought. "A small sector lord level 3 was able to reach heavenly bridge level 6 in comprehension. He’s not renowned or anything, but was just a very normal sector lord."

"Training the origin laws at Sector lord level is indeed fast."

"Rumble!"

The space prison crumbled and dispersed.

"Congratulations your majesty on your victory." Elder Si Fan Qi walked over first and smiled as he said, "Your majesty is only at domain lord level 9 and yet, you actually managed to kill a sector lord level 3 spirit reader. This indeed is respectable, for humanity to be able to produce such an absolute genius like yourself, humanity will only get stronger in the future."

Luo Feng smiled and simultaneously ordered mentally, "Babata, close the broadcast."

"The moment your battle ended, I shut it off already." Babata said.

Luo Feng couldn’t help it.

The difference between a living AI and a normal AI was…a living AI could make his own decisions! Of course he mainly didn’t disobey or go against Luo Feng’s basic orders.

"Your majesty Luo Feng." The armored youth Kashna asked, "How much of your strength did that sector lord level 3 punk make you use?"

"Kashna." Elder Si Fan Qi roared softly, "Shut up."

Kashna lowered his head.

As a sector lord, seeing Luo Feng, a domain lord level 9 kill a sector lord level 3, he naturally felt curious.

"Elder Si Fa Qi, Kashna’s question is nothing." Luo Feng smiled indifferently, "This Lei De forced me to use half of my strength."

"Half?"

Elder Si Fan Qi, Kashna and the others, even the undying Dylan were shocked.

Luo feng had already used the Nan Shen Armament blade world’s omnipresent level, and that still wasn’t his limit?

Luo Feng laughed within.

He had raised his spirit energy amplitude to 1,200 earlier, still halfway from his limit of 3,200. Plus his strongest flying weapon the Luo Fu Liu board! The moment he used that, his flying speed and flexibility etc would rise incredibly! However, the Luo Fu Liu was simply too valuable. It was the usual choice for official level undyings, Luo Feng didn’t want to take it out for this battle.

In summary…

During this battle, Luo Feng had used about 1/3 of his strength! Of course… this was only his earth body.

After a while.

Within the ceremony hall, a banquet had filled the table.

Luo Feng, Dylan, the 5 sector lord guards along with the 9th army leader stood there with human food laid out before them, a few peculiar fruits, meat dishes etc. On the other side, elder Si Fan Qi, the 7 official level undyings and Kashna had special alloys and materials laid out before them.

Just like how the golden horned beast ate mostly metal, different life forms enjoyed completely different foods.

"Elder Si Fan Qi, I’m really grateful for all your help this time. If it weren’t for you all including Mr Long Chi Er, killing Yao Hao and Jeffrey wouldn’t have been that easy." Luo Feng lifted his wine glass, smiling, "Let me toast you all."

"Your majesty is courteous."

Elder Si Fan Qi and the other undyings of the pagoda Squadron all lifted their glasses, even Kashna did so.

"Mr Long Chi Er’s contribution was huge. However, it’s a pity he had to leave early." Elder Si Fan Qi smiled and lifted his glass, drinking some very thick liquid. Luo Feng and the rest couldn’t drink after watching the scene, however elder Si Fan Qi and the others seemed to totally enjoy it.

"Your majesty."

"Elder Si Fan Qi put down his glass and smiled, "After we are done eating, we’ll be returning to our home and race. Before that…I would like to humbly invite your majesty Luo Feng to head over to our Gold horn race’s dwelling place."

Luo Feng was stunned.

Head to where the Gold horn race live?

"Your majesty, our gold horn race is after all a huge race within the universe." Elder Si Fan Qi said proudly. "We have an incredibly ancient history along with humanity, and also our own unique secrets. Even if we don’t talk about anything else, we can talk about the Nan Shen Armament your majesty uses."

"Nan Shen Armament?" Luo Feng was curious, why did they mention this.

"The Nan Shen Armament is one of the 9 god weapons for the spirit reader." Elder Si Fan Qi smiled. "Not just for humans, there are many races in the universe, as long as they walk the path of spirit readers, many use the Nan Shen Armament. A truly good invention will be used by many races in the universe."

Luo Feng nodded.

"Your Majesty should know that the creator of the Nan Shen Armament is the greatest doyen within the history of our gold horn race." Elder Si Fan Qi said.

"Doyen?" Luo Feng was curious.

Doyen, what position was that in the gold horn race?

"Ah, your majesty may not have heard." Elder Si Fan Qi laughed, "Our gold horn race is different from humanity. Humans govern on the universe country level. Our gold horn race however has 100s of thousands of tribes that compete amongst each other, and the ones that govern over all these tribes are the powerful Doyen institution! Only when one becomes a doyen would he be able to enter the institution."

"What level of strength are the doyens?" Luo Feng asked.

The most pinnacle of beings in a race, what strength was that?

"One first has to become a universe knight to be able to become a doyen." Elder Si Fan Qi’s eyes were filled with anticipation, "The doyens within the institution have all become universe knights."

Luo Feng sucked in a cold breath.

There was only one universe knight in the entire Ganwu universe country…the Ganwu leader.

And the most pinnacle force of the gold horn clan was a group of doyens that were all universe knights.

"How many doyens are there in the gold horn race?" Luo Feng asked curiously.

"My apologies." Elder Si Fan Qi shook his head, "The strength of any race will always be a secret. How many doyens the gold horn race has…even I, don’t have the answer, as this is one of the most guarded secrets."

Luo Feng nodded.

It was normal.

If their trump cards were all revealed and they weren’t strong enough, the entire race would be eliminated.

"And the one who created the Nan Shen Armament is the greatest doyen in the history of our gold horn race, Xi Luo Duo!" Elder Si Fan Qi’s voice rose. As for the other 7 official level undyings and Kashna, their eyes all gleamed with pride and worship. "Xi Luo Duo, the great Xi Luo Duo! The eternal pride of our gold horn race…Xi Luo Duo!"

Elder Si Fan Qi and the other 9 members of the race were all extremely passionate in their worship.

Luo Feng could feel the strong passion within.

"Under the great leadership of Xi Luo Duo, our gold horn race managed to have a place in the universe." Elder Si Fan Qi suddenly grew darker, "However, ever since Doyen Xi Luo Duo entered a terrifying universe secret region and hasn’t returned, our gold horn race position has fallen since."

Luo Feng was shocked.

An entire race, its position fell because of the disappearance and death of a great leader? This could only mean that the leader was too strong, and the rest of the race’s power was too far away from this leader’s.

"After which, our gold horn race became the supporters of humanity." Elder Si Fan Qi said, "With humanity’s help, we were able to acquire enough territory for our race to survive."

Luo Feng sighed.

Xi Luo Duo?

Looks like…this was an absolute being that dominated the universe, and was someone much stronger than the Ganwu universe country leader. Otherwise, how could he support an entire race?

"Xi Luo Duo left a sacred tablet back then." Elder Si Fan Qi said proudly. "This sacred tablet, is akin to your humanity’s primal chaos tablet."

Luo Feng was stunned.

Right.

Primal chaos city had a total of 52 primal chaos tablets. They were used to nurture the many generations of humanity’s absolute warriors. He didn’t expect the gold horn race to actually have a sacred tablet similar to the primal chaos tablets, and it was left behind by Xi Luo Duo.

"In our race, only the most exceptional geniuses have the right to go study it." Elder Si Fan Qi exclaimed. "Over trillions of years, many of our undyings relied on it to breakthrough to undying. Even after Xi Luo Duo’s disappearance, he is still our race’s greatest being." Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Luo Feng nodded.

Without the sacred tablet Xi Luo duo left behind, the speed of which the gold horn race nurtured their warriors would probably be much slower.

"Your majesty, the Nan Shen Armament is a god weapon Xi Luo Duo created back then, and it is very suitable for sector lords." Elder Si Fan Qi said. "And the inheritance of Xi Luo Duo, deepens the Nan Shen Armament. Over a trillion years, countless of our elites have studied the sacred tablet, yet most of them only understand a bit of it."

"If your majesty heads over to our gold horn race, I will personally send a request to the doyens. If I get their approval, your majesty will be able to go study the sacred tablet." Elder Si Fan Qi smiled at Luo Feng. "Since your majesty uses the Nan Shen Armament, you should be walking the path of space and gold laws. I believe that studying the tablet will greatly benefit you. Of course…this requires the doyen’s approval, and this is our race’s most sacred ground, I cannot say I have a hundred percent guarantee."

Luo Feng was burning with excitement.

The 52 primal chaos tablets of primal chaos city had 2 laws mixed within them, and also those specialized in time, specialized in space, or even in both.

However…

There was no tablet specializing in Space and gold.

He didn’t expect the great being of another race to actually leave behind a sacred tablet that had that.

"Will your majesty be willing to head to where our gold horn race lives?" Elder Si Fan Qi smiled at Luo Feng.