Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 648: Space Beast

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

After leaving Pagoda tribe, they had been flying at light speed. With the Yun Mo planet ship’s advanced technology, it was still easy for them to see and record everything that happened outside. Luo Feng, Dylan and the rest of them gained profound understanding of the culture of the race.

On the 18th day of flight, they were just about to reach the sacred city.

"On our way here, we frequently saw battles and killings below, what’s going on?" Luo Feng came out of his resting quarters. While looking through some footage, he asked elder Si Fan Qi curiously.

"Our race’s rules are such that, as long as one reaches universe level, he’d have to leave the tribe and wander about, either training outside for a thousand years, or reaching domain lord level before they can return to the tribe." Elder Si Fa Qi said. "And wandering outside, battles and killings are very normal."

"They aren’t forbidden?" Luo Feng asked.

The race originally had a smaller population to begin with.

"Why forbid it? The strong have to be trained through battles." Elder Si Fan Qi said indifferently. "What’s more, only after becoming an undying will one be able to stand at the pinnacle of the race. Otherwise, those with short life spans, the normal race people that cannot become absolute warriors…they are useless to the survival of the race."

"Your majesty, look, ahead it is the sacred city." Elder Si Fan Qi said.

The Yun Mo planet ship slowed down.

Luo Feng looked down. There was an incredibly majestic old city that stood amidst the wilderness. This city had a diameter of 100,000 km, and its most dazzling feature was a pure golden statue that reached up to 10,000 km in height. Even from the ship, Luo Feng could see it clearly.

The ship descended.

As the cabin door opened, Luo Feng, Dylan, the 5 sector lords, Kashna and elder Si Fan Qi all got off, after which Luo Feng kept his ship.

"Do you see that statue?" The elder pointed at the most dazzling pure golden statue in the city. "That’s Xi Luo Duo! The great Xi Luo Duo! At any point in time, there will always be countless warriors rushing over to pay their respects to this place. The entire statue is 12,319 km tall, the legs alone are 1,622km."

Luo Feng nodded, feeling excitement within.

A being able to make an entire race worship for countless years.

"Let’s enter the city." The elder smiled. "Your majesty must remember one point, as the sacred city is a special place and countless geniuses of our gold horn race are gathered here, these are the future of our race. Hence…killing is forbidden in the city, one has to go outside to the huge arena if they want to kill."

Luo Feng and the group entered the ancient sacred city.

There were many residents within.

"Xi Luo Duo." Luo Feng stood in the plaza, looking up at the huge golden statue. Its eyes seemed to encompass the endless universe itself, but without a sense of strictness or force. Rather, there was a calm tranquility. No matter how impatient one was, as long as he looked at the statue, his troubles would disappear.

"Even though I’m not looking at the real person, just from this statue… it’s no wonder he could lead an entire race within the vast universe."

Just as Luo Feng was recalling the achievements of this great being of the gold horn race, many of the clansman in the plaza all looked over curiously and shocked at Luo Feng’s group.

"Look, humans."

"Humans."

"I smelt the blood and flesh from the blood and flesh life forms, however they don’t have any life imprint on them."

The disturbance go bigger and bigger.

More and more of the gold horn clansmen discovered the humans. It was rare to see humans in Laos World, however one would occasionally see some invited humans here at the sacred city. Those that do come over were exceptional.

"Hm?" Luo Feng noticed he was being watched.

"Let’s go." Luo Feng ordered.

"Yes, your majesty." The group complied.

Suddenly…

"Human, you are only domain lord level 9 and you actually dare come to our gold horn race sacred city. You must be one of the absolute geniuses of humanity. I…Kanoen challenge you!" A gold statue like youth with completely dark red skin and a dark golden long rod on his back roared at Luo Feng.

"Challenge?" Luo Feng looked at this youth.

This youth was also domain lord level 9.

"Your majesty needn’t bother." Elder Si Fan Qi said as he stood beside Luo Feng. "As there are indeed many humans that come to the sacred city, of which many are absolute geniuses, there’ve been competitions between the geniuses of humanity versus our race’s geniuses. And there have been many stories, hence many of the younger generations like to challenge the human geniuses when they see them. However, your majesty needn’t bother about them and they won’t dare chase you."

After the elder finished speaking, he sent out ripples of formless undying energy.

It caused the group of gold horn clansman to jump away in shock.

"Hmph!"

Elder Si Fan Qi snorted coldly, no one dared stop them anymore, he smiled and said, "Let’s go visit the doyen in the palace."

Immediately, Luo Feng and the group left the plaza amidst the countless gazes.

"Humans."

"There are humans in the sacred city, the leader is a domain lord level 9."

"Must be a genius of humanity."

"An absolute genius of humanity has come to the sacred city."

The news spread swiftly like a whirlwind throughout the entire sacred city. There gathered all of the geniuses from the 10,000 tribes of the gold horn race. These geniuses all had a competitive spirit…once they knew an absolute genius of humanity had come to the city, a sort of pride in their race made them all get excited and riled up, all wanting to look for the human to challenge him.

Luo feng and the group however had already arrived at the doyen palace.

"This, this…"

Luo Feng stared wide eyed in the distance.

"This, how can this be…it’s impossible!" Arriving at the gold horn race home…Laos world, this was the first time Luo Feng was this shocked.

"Your majesty?" The elder, Kashna were both shocked at how Luo Feng, who had always been calm and collected had lost his composure.

In the distance, there was a majestic palace amidst the continuous mountain range, the palace was completely dark gold, over 1,000 km tall, the area it took up was close to 10,000 km. This palace…with Luo Feng’s vision, was nothing compared to the extravagant palaces he had seen before, hence he wasn’t shocked by it.

However at the entrance of this palace, there was a close to 1 km thick black star chain.

This black star chain was 1 km thick, its length stretched close to 10,000 km, its links pierced right through a completely green 620 km tall, gorilla like peculiar beast’s bones and muscles, the beast squatted there, like a majestic mountain, not much shorter than the palace beside it.

"Space, space…" Luo Feng stared wide eyed, shuddering within,"Space beast!!!"

1st time!

Since he had possessed the golden horned beast, even though he had seen much of the universe and experienced much, he had never seen a 2nd space beast, not even a corpse, much less a living space beast! This was the first time he saw another space beast.

However, this space beast was completely subdued with the black star chain piercing through its body.

"Haha…" Elder Si Fan Qi laughed, "Your majesty is shocked at the space beast, haha, this space beast is one of the 12 pinnacle bloodlines of the space beast, the Hui Suo beast, sector lord pinnacle. Even though it’s only at the sector lord pinnacle level, its true strength makes it so that many normal undyings aren’t even a match for it, it's terrifying."

Luo Feng stared at the beast that was bound like a pet, feeling the anguish and pain it emanated.

"How long has it been?" Luo Feng asked.

"How long what?" The elder was stunned.

"How long has this space beast been captured?" Luo Feng asked solemnly. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"About 20 million years." The elder exclaimed, "The space beast’s life span is long, our gold horn race’s sector lord life space is only about 1,000 eras, this space beast however is ten times that."

"Why is it bound?" Luo Feng asked.

The elder felt like Luo Feng’s tone wasn’t quite right, "This space beast was captured by a doyen back then, however it refused to submit. What level of position is a doyen? A sector lord pinnacle space beast is useless to it, however it’s extremely rare, hence he captured it."

"Right, doyens are universe knights, naturally they won’t care about a space beast." Luo Feng said.

"However, this space beast is very obstinate, it refused to submit, back then it even madly howled and we could hear it frequently, it struggled so hard till its body was injured and its veins, fur etc were damaged." Elder Si Fan Qi exclaimed, "It’s bound by its life core and body, hence no matter how it struggles, it’s useless. Over time…it naturally gave up. However it still refuses to submit, the doyen had said…whenever it submits will be the time to undo the chains."

Luo Feng shuddered when he heard.

The space beasts were very proud.

Just like back when he possessed the golden horned beast, it was incredibly proud, high above, killing humans like hunting sport. Maybe it was ferocious, vicious, however this was its innate disposition, it was born like that! To make one submit was too hard.

"Is this the first time your majesty is seeing a space beast?" Elder Si Fan Qi asked, "This Hui Suo’s is incredibly powerful, sector lord pinnacle and able to defeat normal undyings, shall I introduce to you it’s origins?"

Luo Feng didn’t say a word.

He knew much more than Si Fan Qi.

Hui Suo space beast, one of the 12 pinnacle bloodlines of the space beast, it stood beside the golden horned beast! However it wasn’t a swallowing type beast.

It was a thunder and time space beast.

It was naturally sly and vicious.

It only had 1 natural ability…Time stop!

Even though it was just one ability, its power was unimaginable.

Combined with its innate slyness and vicious character, the time stop ability made the battle strength and fleeing ability of the beast shocking. It could completely stand beside the golden horned beast and the Flaming star beast.