Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 651: Luo Feng and Bei Chuang

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"Your majesty Luo Feng." Elder Si Fan Qi communicated urgently, "The absolute geniuses of our gold horn race aren’t weaker than the geniuses of humanity. However, as there are 10,000 tribes in the entire race, the number of domain lords far exceeds that of a universe country. And the most elite of geniuses get guidance by the doyens, their standards are naturally not low.

Luo Feng nodded.

Right. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

As they constantly feel threatened, the geniuses of the gold horn race are probably nurtured even more than that of humans, even the universe knights doyen gave guidance to the geniuses.

"The top ten of this generation have the Bei Zhi brothers." Si Fan Qi communicated. "Among the top ten, the other 9 all have the origin law comprehension of the heavenly bridge 9th level. And the strongest, the elder of the Bei Zhi brothers Bei Qiu is the only one with the power to pass the 10th level."

"Look, the thousands of youths that wanted to challenge you before, they are all pretty strong, like Jia Ai, he’s one of the top 10 amongst the domain lord level genius."

Luo Feng blinked his eyes, looking at the group of gold horn race youths gathered, he felt a little ashamed.

He hadn’t thought too much of them initially, he had forgotten…that these were the geniuses of an entire race.

Even if they were weaker than humanity.

They wouldn’t be too weak!

The top ten geniuses of humanity were also the primal region members. Nine of them had passed the 10th level of the heavenly bridge, one passing the 11th!

"The 10th level and the 9th had a huge fundamental difference."

"Every 3 levels is a jump, 1-2, 4-6, 7-9, the absolute beginning region’s large amount of geniuses were all stuck at the 9th level, passing the 10th was simply too hard." Luo Feng was shocked. "I didn’t expect there’d actually be one domain lord level in the gold horn race who can pass the 10th. Looks like he’s close to the power level of the members of the primal region.

The one called Bei Qiu.

He was the only one capable of competing with humanity’s domain lord level primal region members.

"Luckily I’m not fighting Bei Qiu, but the other Bei Chuang." Luo Feng thought. "With my current strength, against Bei Qiu…I have no chance of winning."

"Even against Bei Chuang, it’s still very dangerous."

After hearing Bei Chuang had the strength to pass the 9th level, Luo Feng understood he was in trouble.

"Human genius Luo feng, are you afraid?" The black skinned intrepid youth Bei Chuang roared. His eyes were like spotlights, staring at Luo Feng.

"Haha, since I’ve agreed, I will naturally battle you. Why don’t you pick the time and place." Luo feng replied.

"Alright!"

Bei Chuan was extremely happy, saying loudly, "Then we’ll head out immediately. The time is today and the location will be the arena outside the city!"

"Ok." Luo Feng nodded.

From such a simple exchange, a match between the geniuses of humanity and the gold horn race was set. The simple exchange had riled up the thousands of those gathered beside, even the guards of the palace all cheered excitedly as their voices echoed through the wilderness.

"Bei Chuang!"

"Bei Chuang!"

"Bei Chuang!"

In an instant, the geniuses of the gold horn race were all extremely excited, all shouting Bei Chuang’s name.

Right.

As one of the top 10 domain lord level geniuses, he was indeed worthy of representing them in fighting the human genius.

"Everybody relax." The youth Bei chuang looked at the thousands of clansman, immediately shouting loudly, "I, Bei Chuang will definitely win for our gold horn race, definitely!!!"

"Victory!"

"Victory!"

"Victory!"

Thousands of youths roared excitedly.

Luo Feng looked on silently at the scene, thinking, "Victory, right, this battle…I already have no way out, I have to win!"

This battle represented not simply himself, but the glory of humanity!

The moment he lost, then Bei Chuang’s name would be passed down for generations for countless years amongst the race. They would always remember the day Bei Chuang defeated the human genius Luo feng! The more they emphasized the importance of this, the more humiliated Luo Feng would feel if he lost, the only way out was to…

Defeat Bei Chuang!

And win!!!

"Human Luo Feng." The youth Bei Chuang’s fighting spirit was soaring. He was excited like he never was before, "To the arena outside the city, let’s go."

"Let’s go." Luo Feng nodded.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

Luo Feng’s group and the Bei Chuang along with the other geniuses all headed towards the arena. Along the way, many of the geniuses immediately connected to the virtual universe and sent the news to all their friends. Telling them, that the human genius was about to battle their race’s Bei Chuang in the arena!

The gold horn race was subservient to humanity. Hence, they too had rights to use the virtual universe. However, they were limited within a fixed space and could mostly only interact with their own race. A lot of their privileges were also restricted, like not being able to use the slaughterhouse etc.

However the most basic communication was still viable.

News spread like lightning, swiftly throughout the entire sacred city.

"The human genius Luo Feng is about to battle our race genius Bei Chuang."

"In the arena outside the city."

"It’s about to begin."

"Right, the human genius, you heard right. Human!"

The news spread madly.

The residents of the sacred city that were busy with their own affairs all dropped everything and swiftly flew over to the area outside. If one looked from high above, he would discover that traffic which had formed from the sheer number of those rushing over from the city was almost like a river flowing outwards…

In the arena outside the city!

The strong pride of the race! The dissatisfaction of being subservient to humanity for countless years! Naturally they felt some inferiority towards humanity!

The people living within the sacred city were normally proud people. At this time, those that lived in the core of Laos word were all extremely passionate.

They longed for victory!

Wishing for a genius from their race to defeat the genius of humanity!

…

The arena outside the city was extremely vast, it was a special spot within the sacred city.

Actually before the gold horn race had moved over back then, it didn’t have the tradition of arenas. However, after Xi Luo Duo’s disappearance, it made them feel extremely threatened, hence all sorts of things popped up. For example, forbidding geniuses from killing each other, yet fearing they would lack the sense of true battle, hence the arena was created.

Battles were forbidden within the sacred city.

Only within the arena could one have a battle. And the arena was built similar to that of the human’s Huge Axe Dojo arena.

…

"Master, our area only has one hundred million spectator seats. Usually, this number of seats are enough for the battles. However today…master, our seats aren’t enough." A grey skinned youth pointed into the distance, another tall gold skinned man looked up.

In the distant skies.

It was a black blur, as hundreds of millions of gold horn race clansman were flying over.

The sacred city, as the core of the entire gold horn race, there were over two billion residents here. Those able to live here were all mostly warriors in training. Very few battles actually enticed them. However today…over half of them all rushed over.

Half?

That alone was over 1 billion.

"The seats aren’t enough." The gold skinned man roared. "Give the order, immediately get rid of all the seats, and act according to our celebration procedures."

"Yes." The grey skinned youth replied.

The huge arena was undergoing lightning fast changes, the original settings of the comfortable seatings etc were all removed. Even the comfortable booths , luxurious loft viewing areas were all completely taken away. The entire arena was reset to fit more people.

"So many people." Luo Feng sat in the resting quarters and looked out at the sky through the window, seeing the dark cloud of people, as this went on for over ten minutes.

"They should all be here to watch." Dylan looked up too. "This sure is shocking. There’s no way to make such a huge area in the human world for so many people to come spectate. The large scale fights…are normally all held within the virtual universe, that way it’s easier without the chaos."

"The virtual universe and reality sure are different." Luo Feng shook his head.

"Your majesty." Dylan looked at Luo Feng.

"Hm?" Luo Feng turned.

"Any guarantee?" Dylan looked at Luo Feng.

"Not much guarantee, however…this fight, I have no other choice, but to win." Luo Feng’s eyes focused.

…

Over 3 hours passed.

"Your majesty Luo feng, you can enter the arena now." Elder Si Fan Qi walked in.

Luo Feng got up.

"Be careful." Elder Si Fan Qi said, "Battles in the arena, the moment you are careless you will die."

"Hm." Luo Feng nodded.

He definitely understood this.

This was a fight in reality, not one in the virtual universe. This kind of life or death battle, especially involving the glory of two races…had no space for showing mercy. Everybody used all their strengths, and the matches were quick as lightning, the moment one was hit it could result in death.

…

Luo Feng walked out of the room and followed the pathway with the arena’s staff leading him and Dylan, finally reaching the vast arena stage.

Rumble…

The cheers raised terrifying shockwaves, almost demolishing the entire stage.

Luo Feng looked around, seeing the blur of silhouettes all around him. Also, from the 2nd level of the arena to the highest level, all of them were completely filled, with even more floating far in the distance in mid air.

"Bei Chuang!"

"Bei Chuang will win."

"If you lose, commit suicide."

"You have to win."

"Definitely."

"Victory."

"Victory."

All sorts of noises filled the entire space around them. Over one billion gold horn race people roared, causing Luo Feng to helplessly hold his breath.

Luo Feng looked ahead, there stood a green armored black skinned intrepid youth Bei Chuang. At this time, the gold imprint on his forehead was gleaming with red, he had already reached a state of madness. Due to the strong pride for his race, generations of battles against humanity, and over one billion of his clansmen roaring, it had driven him to this point.

He, had to win!

Even if he died, he had to win!!!