Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 654: Sector lord level

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Internal world.

The metal continent which originally had an area of 900,000 km began to madly swallow up the endless gold mist surrounding the place. It also swallowed up the mist above the continent, the mist that engulfed the entire world. The evolution was different from before, the vast metal continent didn’t expand after it swallowed up the gold mist, instead in shrank.

Chi chi chi…

The more it swallowed up the gold mist, the more the continent itself shrank, the entire world however grew bigger.

At this time!

The internal world’s diameter was more than 10 times bigger than before, and the vast continent that had an area of 900,000 km however was constantly shrinking, finally becoming a deep abyss surrounded by golden mountains.

"Dual world pool, form!"

Rumble!

The dual world pool stopped in the space above the continent, as complex engravings filled the entire deep abyss within the dual world pool. This was much more complex than the beast god howling engraving from the blood river energy. Within the mountain range gathered countless gold spots of light. These spots…were the essences of the countless amounts of gold mist absorbed earlier from the 900,000 km metal continent. At this time, the blur of gold lights revolved about like a nebula.

"Gold horn world stone, gather!"

Luo Feng’s consciousness was extremely powerful, controlling this entire process directly.

Rumble!

The nebula of gold lights instantly gathered into one body and became a gold tower like shaped gold stone that was only the size of a finger. This stone floated within the dual world pool. However, it caused the entire space around it to ripple…eventually shaking the entire internal world.

"Gold horn world stone! A golden horned beast can only produce this one gold horn world stone in its entire life. It’s a stone that’s formed from the internal world’s essence, it contains gold and space, a true treasure." Luo Feng exclaimed.

The gold horn world stone was the golden horned beast’s most important treasure!

After breaking through from domain lord to sector lord level, its internal world isn’t purely gold energy anymore, but a very normal internal world that could have rivers, mountains and even life within! Hence the ferocious gold energy that was filled with offensive power forms a dual world pool.

And the energy of that dual world pool was within that gold horn world stone!

…

As the internal world changes, Luo feng’s earth body core began to undergo change too.

Rumble…

His soul and genetic energy crystals began to melt into a liquid under a formless energy. The two began to interweave and as the spirit energy and genetic energy made contact, it fused both his consciousness and willpower…it was this 1st fusion that resulted in the world energy being formed! The birth of world energy!

It allowed a thread of Luo Feng’s consciousness to resonate and feel the energies of the vast universe.

The primal universe, was the most vast and ancient universe that produced many races and life forms. Like the universe at an early stage of formation, even though it was a part of the primal universe, it wasn’t even a fraction of the primal universe.

The primal universe was the true source of energies.

When Luo Feng’s world energy was first produced in his internal world, it connected with the incomparably distant source.

"Ah."

"This is the universe source of energy?"

A thread of his consciousness, with the power of the world energy had already entered this source. It was an incredibly vast land, his consciousness could only feel this vast land, and not any other beings about. And within this endless space, every bit of mud was like a space, within it contained endless universe crystals.

"A grain of sand is like a world?"

"A world has endless universe crystals?"

"This, is this the true face of the universe source?" Luo Feng was incredibly shocked.

However the trillions of km vast space that he could feel was only a small portion of the entire source itself. Even so, it shocked him greatly.

"Two worlds resonance!"

…

When Luo Feng’s consciousness made contact with the source, his core and his internal world both underwent shocking change.

His internal world had initially only had the dual world pool within.

At this time, it was like his internal world had opened a path to the primal universe source, endless universe energies flowed as world energy into his internal world was almost like a torrent or flood. It violently and instantly filled his entire internal world!

One had to know, his internal world space was already 10 times larger than before, however it was still completely filled.

Obviously…

To the primal universe source, every grain of sand’s universe crystals energies could completely fill Luo Feng’s internal world.

"Feels good."

"Instantly having so much universe energy. It’s a pity that such a chance only happens at the break through from domain lord to sector lord level. And only during this time will there be this chance." Luo Feng thought. After which, he didn’t think more about it, his consciousness feeling his internal world which was filled to the brim with world energy from the source.

"Condense!"

"Center continent, gold, wood, water, fire, ground, form the side continents."

With a diameter of 5 million km, a vast continent was formed. With about 1 million in diameter continents within that huge continent, the 5 continents were burning, ice cold, or filled with grass and wood, or metal mountain ranges, or thick grounds.

"Between the 6 continents is an endless ocean."

Rumble…

There was endless waters in between the ground and skies. It flooded the areas and took up half the space in the entire internal world. The surface of the ocean far exceeded that of the continents. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"Within the center continent, there’s an ocean within."

Immediately, the center continent with a diameter of 5 million km had its center portion crumble. The ground was reduced to a void and endless sea water was produced within, filling it up and a 900 km diameter ocean was formed within the center of the continent.

"Within the ocean, there lies the dual world pool."

Gurgle…

The ocean churned.

The dual world pool gently rose and just like a solitary island in the sea, it lay in the center of the endless abyss, almost like another world altogether.

"Endless living things, birth!"

Luo Feng left everything for his internal world to work. The center continent, 5 continents within, internal ocean, endless ocean, all these naturally formed plants, flowers, mountain ranges etc. At this time, the entire internal world was no different from a real world.

"Internal world, formed."

Hua hua…

The universe energies that weren’t completely used swiftly became universe crystals and instantly gathered and formed a universe crystal mountain on the continent.

The internal world was already successfully formed, and the universe energies, world energies naturally gathered and formed a universe crystal mountain. Normally those that just stepped into sector lord level would experience this. However…a normal sector lord would never have acquired such a huge universe crystal mountain.

Because the internal world of the sector lords were much much smaller than Luo feng’s.

"From what I know, many sector lords’ internal worlds only have a diameter of over 10,000 km."

"Mine however, has a diameter over 10 million km."

…

The bigger the internal world, the amount needed to sustain the core was also more! From the 900,000 km internal world reaching to over 10 million km, Luo Feng’s core had to undergo an evolution from its foundation. During the process, the core naturally began to absorb the energies emanated from the internal world, a small portion of the gold horn world stone’s energy.

Rumble…within the core, his spirit and genetic energies had completely fused, and according to the natural evolution of the universe, it formed an origin pearl!

The pearl revolved slightly and released endless threads that connected to the main core.

The main core thus began to change.

From star traveller to domain lord level, this core had always been a half translucent crystal with complex gold engravings. It glowed with golden light and was very mysterious. However, after stepping into the sector lord level…the core absorbed the threads of internal world energies, source energies and universe energies, forming a seemingly normal looking core.

Simple!

With a hint of light, even the gold engravings were completely hidden.

"My god." Luo Feng was shocked. "My core now has to sustain this 10million diameter large internal world. It’s already the core of many sector lord pinnacles, and even more terrifying than that. When I reach the sector lord pinnacle…this core, what level will it reach."

"No wonder the golden horned beast has 3 natural abilities, with inherited memories and a lifespan which was 10 times that of a human."

"However very few actually breakthrough to undying."

Feeling the strength of this core, Luo feng understood why breaking through to the undying was extremely difficult.

Even now, even if Luo Feng released his defenses and allowed others to come attack his core, even a sector lord pinnacle…wouldn’t be able to break it. Naturally Luo Feng wouldn’t give others the chance to do so either.

"Stepping into the sector lord level, my internal world is now a true world. I don’t only have to swallow metals. Normal sector lords would use universe crystals to evolve and change their worlds, and when my internal world was expanding in the past, it relied on countless universe crystals to form."

"I only have two paths."

"The 1st is to use the universe crystals to expand my internal world more. That way, when I reach sector lord pinnacle, my internal world diameter will be over 30 million km."

"The 2nd is to continue using valuable metal groupings from swallowing, the ones suitable for the golden horned beast. After being swallowed into the dual world pool, the most pure and valuable gold energies would enter the gold horn world stone, the other energies would immediately push the internal world to change. After the gold horn world stone evolves, it’s exquisite energies would affect the core and make it stronger, and will be able to withstand a larger internal world. That way, at sector lord pinnacle, my internal world diameter would reach over 90 million km."

Luo Feng was very clear.

The 1st path was much easier, many golden horned beast chose this path.

The 2nd was much harder. As the shackles would be stronger.

The good thing was that the larger the internal world, the stronger one was and his god country eventually would be stronger too. Also, after constantly absorbing the exquisite energies from the gold horn world stone, the stone would be much more powerful too.