Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 657: Technique Manual

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

In an instant, 30 days had already passed.

"Human, your study time is over, you can come out now." The guardian’s voice boomed in Luo Feng’s ears and mind, immediately waking him up. Luo Feng’s consciousness swiftly returned from the universe source and law ocean, dragging himself out of the picture of the howling demon.

"Hu."

Luo Feng couldn’t bear to look away from this majestic dark green sacred tablet.

"It’s a pity that I only had a month. This sacred tablet’s effect on me is even better than the 9 universe tablet." Luo feng thought. The first 7 pictures of the 9 universe tablet were all about space laws, hence it wasn’t of much help towards his comprehension of the gold laws, at least far from this sacred tablet.

…

Luo Feng turned and left, following the pathway out.

The black armored statue like guardian stood there,and beside him was a 3m tall huge blade stuck in the ground. A formless pressure engulfed the entire region, making anyone who entered the tower feel its strength.

Rumble…The huge door of the tower opened and the light from outside shone in.

Luo Feng walked out alone.

"Your majesty."

"Your majesty Luo Feng."

Outside stood Dylan, the 5 sector lords, Si Fan Qi and Kashna. Luo Feng smiled and nodded at them, after which his expression changed, because there was another huge group of gold horn youths gathered outside and they were all like red eyed bulls, all staring hard at him.

"Human Luo feng, I want to challenge you."

"Human, accept my challenge."

"If you have the guts, accept the challenge." All sorts of noises echoed.

Luo Feng frowned and walked towards Dylan and the group, communicating, "Let’s first return to the training quarters. Elder Si Fan Qi…I’m relying on you to deal with this mad group of people."

After which Luo Feng brought Dylan and the rest, swiftly leaving the sacred tablet tower. He felt somewhat fatigued at this point.

Within the training quarters.

Luo Feng and the group pushed through the door and entered, Luo Feng spoke while he walked, "Dylan, I’m about to revise and go over my 30 days worth of study before heading to the technique tower to choose a manual." After which, he immediately chose a quiet room to study.

"His majesty sure is hardworking." Dylan shook his head and smiled at the scene. "Hm, before I reached undying, I was this hardworking as well."

After reaching undying and acquiring eternal life, one was no longer bound by a life span.

Plus, the improvement speed on undyings was extremely hard and slow, as slow as their eternal life. It made undyings lose motivation and so they stopped being as hardworking as before.

…

Luo Feng sat crossed legged in the room. His eyes were closed as he pondered over the things he hadn’t fully grasped about the tablet, and began to dissect and go over them.

Unknowingly, half a month had passed.

"Hm." Luo Feng opened his eyes and revealed a smile, "I’ve finished my study of the tablet."

30 days of study time, it was akin to his own study at sector lord level for 8 years, and close to 3,000 years of that of his domain lord level.

And from birth till now, Luo Feng wasn’t even 300 years old yet.

His improvement during these 30 days was huge!

It couldn’t be helped, the 9 universe primal chaos tablet’s difficulty grew in a totally non linear fashion.

Even though he had comprehended the raindrop and drizzle picture’s 36 wonders, the torrent picture’s 72 drops were more than a hundred times harder. Even after these 30 days, it only allowed him to raise his comprehension level to about the level where he could pass the 9th level of the heavenly bridge. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Comprehending the 108 drops.

A normal warrior’s comprehension would stop at simply understanding them, this was akin to scoring a 100 on a test.

And comprehending the essence of it, was akin to getting even all the extra and bonus questions right, getting a score of 150. Even though it was slightly harder and more profound, it’s difficulty was still over hundreds of times harder! This was also why when True Yan emperor made Luo Feng study floating blood, he was worried Luo Feng didn’t have the capability to do so.

Because comprehending the essence was simply too difficult.

30 days worth of time!

It was akin to his domain lord level’s 3,000 years worth of study, allowing Luo Feng to completely understand the 3rd torrent picture, meaning he would get a 100 points on the 72 more profound drops and finishing it meant he already had the comprehension level to pass the 9th level of the heavenly bridge.

"It’s only been 30 days and I’ve managed to raise my comprehension level from the 7th to the 9th, comprehending the torrent picture."

"A normal warrior, in theory would continue on to the next picture, the 4th!"

"However I cannot do so."

"I have to go through the most profound essence of the 72 drops."

During his 30 days of study, he also realized how hard the essence of the 72 drops was.

The 1st 9 were easy, he had completed them back in primal chaos city.

The middle 27 were much harder, through Blood River world’s encounters, raising his study speed and having the beast god statue to refer to, along with the leader of Tian Shi palace’s guidance, he had finally finished them!

The last 72 were the hardest!

After doing the impossible level mission and studying on earth for 50 years, as well as the 30 days of study with the sacred tablet (close to 3,000 years of his domain lord level study), he had only reached a 100 points level with the torrent picture, having comprehended none of the essence of the 72 drops!

Hard!

It was incredibly hard!

Normal absolute geniuses, even at sector lord level would spend their entire 1,000 era life spans, yet not even comprehending all of the 108 wonders of the space law. Only the true pinnacle super geniuses had the ability to waste so much time doing so. The pinnacle genius back then…Lian Luo, spent 3,000 years studying in primal chaos city.

In terms of talent, with the golden horned beast triggering the blood river energy, the space favored child Mosha clansman, together it probably exceeded the talent of the super genius of humanity Lian Luo.

Especially since Luo Feng had the beast god statue, he could study it at anytime to work on the Sky tearing claw!

Luo Feng walked out of the room and immediately a few silhouettes flashed past him. Dylan, the 5 sector lords, Elder Si fan Qi and Kashna appeared.

"Your majesty’s study is finished?" Dylan smiled.

"Hm." Luo Feng smiled and nodded.

"Congratulations your majesty, how was your study of the sacred tablet?" The elder looked at him."

"Very good." Luo Feng complimented.

It was indeed good.

Right now, simply with his law comprehension he could pass the heavenly bridge’s 9th level. The moment he completely unleashed his spirit energy amplitude, reaching over 3,200…his power would rise by over 10 times. If he were to attempt the heavenly bridge, he could completely pass even the 10th level!

In terms of law comprehension alone, he could pass the 9th.

His battle strength however could pass even the 10th!

"The demon note inheritance truly benefitted me." Luo Feng complemented within. "However, my improvement is too shocking. It’s not good for me to attempt the bridge now." Knowing his own improvement was good enough, there was no need to attempt the bridge now, since there was no special benefits from it.

Without any benefits, it was best to keep it to himself.

"Let’s go to the techniques tower." Luo feng said.

"The tower has all of the manual samples of the gold horn race, and many of them are unique and unconventional. Even our human treasure trove may not necessarily have some of them." Dylan smiled, "Your majesty should choose wisely."

"Of course." Luo Feng smiled and nodded.

Of course.

Wanting to buy a manual within the Virtual Universe Company required huge amounts of points to exchange. Normal manuals go up to 10,000 points, while some valuable ones go for over a million and even tens of millions. As for those incredibly valuable ones, even his teacher True Yan Emperor cannot afford them.

"I have to choose an expensive one, I’ll pick from the most expensive." Luo Feng thought.

The more expensive, the higher its value, this was without a doubt.

Picking one suitable for himself from the expensive ones.

After a while, Luo Feng and the group followed the pathways within the sacred land and reached the majestic white tower. The entire tower was as tall as the sacred tablet tower, its color however was all white, and it gave off a calming energy. As one got closer to it, his soul felt a calm like never before.

Luo Feng and the others climbed the stairs and entered the huge door of the tower, arriving at the 1st level.

"This 1st level is the reception level." Elder Si Fan Qi introduced.

"Your majesty Luo Feng." A piercing sound resounded, a female gold horn race clansman dressed in dark green armor walked over. She gave Luo Feng the feeling of an absolute candle like beauty! Due to their construct being completely different, they skin was very different from that of humans.

The female clansman smiled, "Your majesty Luo Feng, I am Se Si, the receptionist here at the technique tower. I’ve longed since received the doyen palace’s order. Hence, you can pick anyone of the manuals from here, read through it and select it and I will pass the real manual to you. I will give a full explanation to your majesty, giving you enough time to make your choice. Afterall the number of manuals here are simply too huge, and there are a total of 999 levels in this tower, every level having millions of them."

"I’ll be in your care miss Se Si." Luo Feng said.

"Your majesty Luo Feng, we’ll be waiting here. There’s no rush at all, pick wisely, as this is a rare chance." Elder Si Fan Qi said.

"Hm." Luo Feng nodded.

"Let’s go." Luo Feng looked at Se Si.

"I’ll lead."

Se Si walked beside Luo Feng and swiftly reached the 2nd level.

Luo Feng glanced and took a cold breath. The space within the 2nd level was huge. Just its height alone was about 100m tall, with the many racks of books separated and evenly spaced out. Even though they were placed neatly, the space was simply too huge, and each rack was 70-80m tall, and each of them stored many many books.

The entire 2nd level alone definitely had over a million manuals.

"So many on each level, and there are 999 levels?" Luo Feng exclaimed, "The number of manuals for just one race, it’s absurd."

Luo Feng gazed about.

He discovered every manual had a price on them. Some of them had a price of 120 contribution points, some 388 points.

"Your majesty Luo Feng." Se Si explained beside him. "The 999 levels of manuals are separated according to their points. The 1st level’s most expensive book only requires 612 contribution points. The 2nd’ level’s cheapest requires 612 points. It gets more expensive as we go up!"

"How expensive is the 999th level?" Luo Feng asked.

"The cheapest book on the 999th level requires about 98 million contribution points, and the most expensive requires about 1.6 billion points." Se Si said, "Of course, your majesty Luo Feng can pick anyone of them."