Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 660: Studying Xi Luo Duo

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Luo Feng closed the metal book, his eyes could hardly contain his glee.

Even though his teacher True Yan was an absolute warrior, in terms of power, compared to the greatest leader Xi Luo Duo of the entire gold horn race, it was quite the difference. True Yan was a fighter, and also not one that studied gold and space together! Hence, when Luo Feng began studying Xi Luo Duo’s book on basics, he immediately felt a veil lift and a whole new world was opened to him.

He didn’t expect that a spirit reader could train that way.

He didn’t expect that a spirit weapon could be constructed that way. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

He didn’t expect that a technique could be made that way.

…

"This is what a spirit reader should truly be doing." Luo Feng exclaimed. "My spirit energy amplitude exceeds over 3,200, even many emperor level undyings cannot compare to me. According to what Xi Luo Duo said, the most important thing to a spirit reader is his spirit energy amplitude, his basics manual has a high requirement for that too."

There were 36 levels of basics.

They were all working with normal or smaller blades, without any origin law engravings, controlling thousands of blades at once to hundreds of thousands was very normal. Hence the higher the amplitude the better, it tests one’s control ability, law comprehension and technique creation and other sides.

"Babata, You should remember this Nan Shen Armament 36 levels too." Luo Feng communicated with Babata within his consciousness, large amounts of words etc swiftly flowed within his mind.

With mental capabilities even stronger than a quantum computer, Babata immediately acquired the entire manual.

Within the tower.

Luo Feng controlled the metal book and flew it back towards the group of undyings.

"Has your majesty completely memorized it?" The leading green skinned lady undying said with a hoarse voice.

Luo Feng nodded.

The 12 undyings nodded back at Luo Feng and became a blur, all vanishing.

"Let’s go." Luo Feng turned and said.

"Your majesty seems very happy." Dylan said as he walked beside.

"My rewards have been huge." Luo Feng smiled. The elder Si Fan Qi who was beside him was immediately happy too, whether it was studying the sacred tablet or the manual, they were all extremely valuable. However, for the gold horn race to let Luo Feng study them for free, this was definitely an investment. The higher Luo Feng’s rewards, then when Luo Feng becomes the upper echelon of humanity, he would naturally remember this.

If Luo Feng was an ingrate and chooses to forget this favor later, than the gold horn race couldn’t do anything either.

It was purely an investment.

…

The tall entrance of the technique tower was open for long periods, Luo Feng and his group walked out.

"Another bunch of hot headed gold horn race youths." Luo Feng glanced outside at the group of domain lord level 9 youths, after which he was shocked, "That’s strange, why aren’t they challenging me? Usually these youths, the moment they spot me, they would passionately challenge me?"

Hua!

The thousands of domain lord level 9 youths that were gathered there naturally separated, revealing 2 black skinned youths.

"Bei Chuang?" Luo Feng immediately recognized one of them. His gaze then landed on the other black skinned youth beside, who gave off an aura of pride, similar to Bolan. Most of the lonely invincible absolute geniuses all gave off this aura, "That youth beside Bei Chuang looks a lot like him, is he the legendary Bei Qiu, his bigger brother?"

"Your majesty Luo Feng, that is Bei Qiu." The elder communicated.

Bei Qiu was dressed in a purple armor, his gaze was cold as he stared hard at Luo Feng who was standing at the stairs of the tower, his voice had a hint of evil as he said, "Human Luo Feng, I heard you defeated my little brother Bei Chuang, you do indeed have some strength. I, Bei Qiu, today officially challenge you before the technique tower! Do you dare accept my challenge?"

The thousands of gold horn youths all stared at Luo Feng.

Bei Qiu’s gaze had evil as well as pride.

Luo Feng glanced at him.

"Let’s go." Luo Feng said, after which he dodged the thousands of youths and headed far away.

This made the elder, Dylan and the rest of his group all stunned.

The thousands of youths too were stunned.

The human Luo Feng actually ran from the battle?

Humans shunning their battles was a very normal thing. However, Bei Qiu…that was the number 1 domain lord genius of the gold horn race! Even if Luo Feng didn’t dare battle him, he’d at least have to show some respect.

"Human Luo Feng!" Bei Qiu’s eyes gleamed coldly as he roared fiercely.

Luo Feng continued walking far away and not stopping.

"Do you not dare? Are you afraid?" Bei Qiu roared angrily. "Defeating my brother is nothing, if you defeat me…I dare say no domain lord level 9 in our entire gold horn race will challenge you again ever. And if you don’t accept my challenge, our gold horn race will never submit to you!"

…

Luo Feng brought Dylan and the rest of the group through the pathways, he couldn’t be bothered with Bei Qiu’s roars.

"Your majesty?" Dylan looked curiously at Luo Feng.

"I don’t wish to fight him." Luo Feng shook his head and said.

"Before when you rejected the other youths, that was fine. But, rejecting Bei Qiu, he is afterall the most exceptional of the domain lords, if you don’t defeat him, countless clansmen won’t submit to you. Instead, they will say that you bullied the weak and are afraid of the strong." Dylan said. "Of course if you don’t have any guarantee, then you’d probably lose after accepting the fight. It is indeed a good idea not to accept."

"Dylan, what are you going on about?" Luo Feng couldn’t help but laugh.

Right.

Knowing his background and growth, naturally everybody would think he wasn’t a match for Bei Qiu.

However after reaching sector lord and studying the tablet for a month, his law comprehension alone had reached passing the 9th level of the heavenly bridge. The moment he unleashed his over 3,200 spirit energy amplitude, along with his natural ability strength and the blood river energy, his strength would multiply absurdly.

Defeating Bei Qiu? Luo Feng was incredibly confident!

However the moment he defeated Bei Qiu, firstly the Virtual Universe Company’s information system would know immediately, and with Dylan and his teacher True Yan’s relationship, his teacher would know too.

His win over Bei Chuang, he could still use his blood warrior identity and special encounters to explain.

However defeating Bei Qiu…would be much harder to explain.

"The many geniuses of the universe over the history of humanity have had explosive improvements due to miraculous encounters. If I were to reveal my strength…the Virtual Universe Company would definitely conclude that I’ve stumbled upon some incredible miracle." Luo Feng thought. "Seems right, my demon note inheritance in demon note mountain had raised my spirit energy amplitude over 3,200, it is indeed a super miracle."

In terms of origin law comprehension, he was only at the 9th level.

With the amplitude over 3200, that was his true trump card over defeating Bei Qiu.

"If I can avoid it, it’s better not to reveal myself, my demon note inheritance was after all an unintentional swiping of Mist emperor’s slot." Luo Feng thought. "It’s better to remain low key and train for a few hundreds of years. Even if my strength explodes then…it wouldn’t draw too much attention."

Luo Feng and the group returned to the training quarters.

"Dylan, Elder Si Fan Qi, I’ll be studying in isolation for a while to organize my studies from the manual. After which I’ll leave from here." Luo Feng said, after which he entered the room.

He had studied the sacred tablet and acquired the manual.

All the benefits had been received, it was time to leave.

…

Luo Feng sat crossed legged within, recalling the Nan Shen 36 levels and their details. Simultaneously he sent a thread of consciousness into the virtual universe network, beginning to train within his own villa’s training grounds.

To study, to attempt, and to confirm!

Then combine the beast god statue and the ancient pictures together and study.

When training a manual, one had to approach it with consideration of which was the best way to study it before beginning. This was similar to the saying, If the ax is dull and its edge unsharpened, more strength is needed. Luo Feng was currently sharpening his axe to ensure that when he began training, it would be at the optimum condition.

In the blink of an eye, it had been 3 months.

"The requirements are actually so high."

"Practicing with normal blades is indeed much higher, however this unique training method by Xi Luo Duo actually has such origin law study effects. Of course, when one constructs one’s own weapons and techniques, and when one uses these to attack, it’s indeed awesome." Luo Feng smiled and got up. "Next time I’ll approach this manual with the mindset of constructing techniques."

After which he left the study and walked out.

…

This manual had many paths of training.

Any path could lead far, as Luo Feng’s spirit energy amplitude was very high, he had decided on the hardest technique construction angle to study it.

As he walked into the yard, many silhouettes swiftly appeared.

"Elder Si Fan Qi." Luo Feng said. "I’m about to head out immediately to the doyen palace and thank them and say my goodbyes! The doyen palace has been a great help to me this time, allowing me to study and picking any manual I want. I cannot just leave without saying goodbye."

"Hm." The elder smiled and nodded, "Before leaving the sacred city, you should go visit the doyen palace. However your majesty Luo Feng, you should know something."

"What’s up?" Luo Feng was curious.

The elder looked at Dylan beside him, Dylan smiled and said, "Outside, over these 3 months that you’ve been studying, there have been many many gold horn race clansmen that have taken residence outside. Obviously, after you rejected Bei Qiu, a lot of them have been very dissatisfied."

"Very many?" Luo Feng was shocked, he didn’t even feel anything.

"In order to not disrupt your study, I created a space void of noise around your room." Dylan said.

"Thanks." Luo Feng nodded.

"It’s not just a huge bunch of gold horn race clansman that have come and expressed their anger, even that genius Bei Qiu, over these 3 months, he’s been sitting crossed legged outside on the pathway." Dylan said.

Luo Feng was stunned,

"He’s been sitting there outside our entrance for a full 3 months, not even moving." Dylan forced a smile. "Hence even now, there are over 10,000 gold horn race clansmen sitting crossed legged outside.

"I…" Luo Feng was stunned.

"Let’s go." Luo Feng said.

"Outside?" Dylan and the elder looked at him.

"No!"

Luo Feng shook his head, "I don’t care about them, we’ll fly straight to the doyen palace."