Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 663: Unexpected Rewards

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"Which special spots are there?" Luo Feng asked without too much interest. As Laos world was a constructed vast continent and not truly a naturally formed entity from the universe, even if there were any treasures left behind by any warrior of the gold horn race, it would have long been swept up.

Elder Kebu realized that Luo Feng didn’t have any interest, he couldn’t help but be shocked within, "My master told me to risk it all to kill this Luo Feng. However, beside him he has a human undying guard and Si Fan Qi. Their powers far exceed mine and as long as they are here, I have no hopes of killing him. If I cannot make him stay here in Laos world, I would probably never have a chance."

After one’s soul is invaded, they become completely loyal to their owners.

The master’s command was the most important.

They wouldn’t even care about sacrificing their lives.

"Our gold horn race has a rule that the moment one reaches universe level, they have to leave their tribe and train outside." Elder Kebu said. "Hence, in the wastelands of Laos World, there are a few shrines built by undyings that would absorb the exceptional youths outside. Our gold horn race encourages a few powerful beings to head to these shrines and thus make the youths all excited to actually leave their tribes and train!"

Luo Feng laughed.

"Over an extremely long time, some great beings leave behind things when they fall. We elders naturally won’t go and purposely search for these treasures." Kebu laughed. "As for the other undyings, it’s completely impossible for them to search the entire Laos World, thus creating many miraculous places. Also, in order to raise the strength of our gold horn race undying and normal people, we’ve built a few sacred land like places. The sacred tablet is afterall only for gold and space warriors, the other warriors that comprehend other laws have their own special places."

Luo Feng shook his head, "I have no interest."

"There’s one place that would be a waste if your majesty doesn’t visit." Kebu’s wrist quantum computer suddenly shot out a projection in mid air, on it was a simple picture, "Here, this is a place where human warriors definitely have to go when they visit!"

Luo Feng who had been very casual all this while blinked at the picture, his heart shuddered as his eyes gleamed.

He stared hard at the image on the picture.

"How, how can this…" Huge waves erupted within Luo Feng’s mind.

The image on the picture was a huge statue in the canyon of a mountain, the entire statue was a huge lizard like beast with a single horn, that formless pressure made everyone shudder within.

"That’s it!"

"Beast god!"

"It’s a statue of the beast god." Luo Feng stared hard at the picture.

A few miraculous encounters on blood river continent had made Luo Feng aware of an incredibly ancient era, back when the absolute powers of the Virtual Universe Company had clashed with a terrifying beast god of blood river continent over and over. Even though he hadn’t personally seen the beast god, he could still feel its terrifying power.

It far exceeded the golden horned beast and the Hui Suo beast!

… VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Elder Kebu noticed Luo Feng’s expression and immediately smiled. "This is an incredibly special place in our gold horn home. It’s also where the great warriors of humanity would almost all go…Beast god canyon!"

"Beast god canyon?" Luo Feng looked at elder Kebu.

The gold horn race called this statue the beast god too?

"Our race’s greatest being doyen Xi Luo Duo had once said that his studies all came from the comprehension gained from this statue." The elder exclaimed. "Back then, he even said that as long as anybody can comprehend this huge beast god statue, then that person’s power would raise similar to his own."

Luo Feng shuddered.

Power similar to Xi Luo Duo’s level? Xi Luo Duo, that was the greatest leader of the entire gold horn race! He single handedly established the entire race, how powerful was he?

"And because doyen Xi Luo Duo said that." Kebu sighed, "Over the trillions of years, countless people of our race have gone to study the statue. However, none have discovered any mysteries. Even the doyens, I’ve never heard of any that have comprehended this statue. Even the great beings of humanity, those that come here all specially come to study the statue, wanting to comprehend it and have power as strong as Xi Luo Duo, however…I haven’t heard of any that have comprehended it."

"Of course, there may have been some among humanity that have comprehended it without announcing it."

Luo Feng was stunned.

So…

The greatest leader of the gold horn race Xi Luo Duo, he got his power from comprehension of the beast god statue.

"Elder Si Fan Qi, is there such a thing?" Luo Feng looked at the elder beside.

"Hm." Si Fan Qi nodded, smiling as he shook his head. "However over countless years, other than the great Xi Luo Duo, there hasn’t been anyone else who has comprehended the statue. Even I, looking at it, I feel as though it’s a normal statue, and there is nothing special about its structure, I cannot understand it at all. There’s even been a doyen that made a suggestion to slice open the statue to see if there’s anything special hidden within. Of course…out of respect for Xi Luo Duo, and belief in his words, they forbade such an action."

"However, no one could make anything of it." Si Fan Qi shook his head.

Luo feng was shocked.

Si Fan Qi, was an emperor level undying, a powerful being who was able to teleport. If placed in the Ganwu universe country…probably only the ganwu universe country leader would be stronger than him. For such a being, even he couldn’t make anything of the statue.

"Bring me there!" Luo Feng said immediately.

…

The Yun Mo planet ship let the sacred city and headed towards beast god canyon.

"Your majesty, for you to bring me along to beast god canyon, thanks." Within the control room, the stone grey armored elder Kebu said.

"It’s nothing."

Luo Feng looked at the vast land outside, "You wanted to go visit a friend there too right. It’s convenient, we can just go together."

After which Luo Feng turned and returned to his resting chambers.

Dylan stayed in a room right beside Luo Feng’s to protect him.

"Right now there’s no chance at all, this Dylan keeps following him, and his undying energy is wrapped around Luo Feng all the time as a warning device." Kebu looked at Dylan’s back, thinking within. "However there’s no rush, after we reach beast god canyon, the strong there are numerous as the clouds, there’ll be a chance."

The canyon wasn’t too far from the sacred city. After flying in the Yun Mo planet ship for close to a month, they reached their destination.

In the air along the continuous mountain range, a blood colored triangular ship slowed down swiftly and floated there.

Hua!

The cabin door opened.

Luo Feng brought Dylan and the group out of the ship and kept the ship within his internal world.

"Your majesty Luo Feng." Elder Si Fan Qi pointed into the distance, "That is beast god canyon, the beast god statue is there."

Luo Feng looked over, faintly making the blurred silhouette within the canyon.

"Let’s go." Luo Feng ordered.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

They instantly flew over tens of thousands of km, Luo Feng and the group floated above the canyon.

"So many gold horn race clansmen." Luo Feng looked at the clansmen all training along the caves of the canyon. There were even more in the vast land below them. Hence, he couldn’t help but be shocked.

"As Xi Luo Duo had said before, as long as one can comprehend this statue, they would have powers as strong as his. Hence countless of our warriors gather here." Kebu pointed below and smiled. "Look, that 3,000km tall shrine is a doyen shrine, it’s specially built here to protect the statue."

Luo Feng could see the majestic shrine below.

However…

Compared to the beast god statue, the shrine looked ordinary.

"The huge beast god statue there laying like it’s in sleeping form, its entire body length with its tail is about 10,000 km." Kebu explained.

Luo Feng swiftly descended and flew towards the statue.

Hu!

He landed on the ground and looked up at the enormous beast god statue. He had acquired a beast god statue on blood river world before. However that was much smaller, also his own statue was one of the beast god standing on all 4 legs and raising its horn upwards and howling. This one however was about 10,000 km and depicted the beast god laid out, closing its eyes and sleeping.

Every scale was incredibly clear.

"What terrifying pressure."

"It’s simply a lifeless statue, yet it makes me feel like I’m facing that ancient pressure." Luo Feng looked at the sleeping beast god statue and held his breath.

"Your majesty, not even the undyings or doyens have managed to study and comprehend any of the wonders of this statue." Elder Si Fan Qi sighed as he landed beside. "No one can understand it."

"I don’t understand it too."

Luo Feng frowned and said softly.

Right.

He couldn’t see through it at all. The little statue that he got, the golden horned beast could study its tearing sky claw and he could feel the god within. With the mysterious energy emanating and the image of the beast god itself…it allowed the golden horned beast to keep improving and reaching breakthroughs.

This majestic huge beast god statue however, Luo Feng was very clear that they were both beast gods!

Other than the terrifying pressure…

He couldn’t feel anything else!

"There must be some secrets, that Xi Luo Duo wouldn’t casually leave behind this statue and fool his clansmen for trillions of years." Luo Feng stared up at the statue. "Hm, I’ll compare it with my little statue and see what’s the difference between them, I’ll start from every single scale."

At this time…

It wasn’t just Luo Feng, not just the gold horn clansmen, there were other absolute human warriors about, trying hard to understand this huge statue before them.