Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 666: Points

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

He began immediately. Within the vast internal world, the golden horned beast lay before the mountain, using its spirit energy to control over 10k carving blades to carve the statue over and over. He then used the world energy to restore the mountain to its original form and carve it again, repeatedly over and over…this became a loop!

Copying the huge golden horned beast’s scale veins, failing over and over, there was never any aura or imagery.

Failing 10 times, 100 times, 1,000 times.

"I’ve failed over 3,000 times already."

"It sure is hard. Hm, and it’s just copying a few scales of the little beast god statue." The golden horned beast was still fearful of the law attack from before. Hence, it copied very carefully, copying the veins of the little statue, it gave off a natural special feeling.

Almost like carving a pathway of the universe!

As it carved, the formless universe law pressure once again surfaced and gradually got stronger.

"Stop!" After carving 10 scales, the beast stopped and howled as it turned to control the carving blades to try and copy the huge beast god statue’s scales.

…

Luo Feng’s earth body sat in beast god canyon, looking at the huge statue, feeling the peculiar ripples.

The golden horned beast was in charge of carving the statues over and over, trying different ways.

The Mosha body was in charge of holding the little statue and studying it, feeling the special god and imagery within that statue. The more it felt it, the clearer it was at how terrifying the beast god was, that feeling that made others shudder and submit.

…

The three worked as one!

Not resting or sleeping, completely immersed in it, as the golden horned beast carved as fast as lightning, within a day of earth’s time, it would normally have carved over 10,000 times.

Under such circumstances…

In the blink of an eye, a year had passed.

The space beasts were naturally born to be lonely. The golden horned beast stood in the grass patch, not resting as it controlled the blades like lightning, carving at the huge mountain before it, instantly finishing the statue. In an instant, world energy reverted it back to its original mountain state, and it was carved again, the speed was simply shocking.

Howl!

The golden horned beast once again used world energy to revert the mountain, suddenly stopping.

Rumble…the beast that was lying there suddenly stood on all fours. It’s dark gold eyes filled with excitement as it stared at the completed sleeping beast god statue that reached over 10,000 km tall.

"Damn!"

Mosha Luo Feng flashed and immediately landed before the statue. He raised his hand to touch the stone and felt a very faint and extremely weak ripple.

"Ripple."

"That universe law ripple, not gold, wood, water, fire, ground, wind, lightning, light, time or space." Mosha Luo Feng shouted excitedly. "Damn, we’ve succeeded! We actually captured a trace of the hint, triggering the universe source ripple."

"Howl…" On the grass, the golden horned beast too raised its head and howled excitedly. It’s howl echoed throughout the endless grass patch and skies.

…

In the outside world, beast god canyon.

Luo Feng could barely contain his excitement as he sat crossed legged, staring at the distant statue, he felt like shouting out.

He was too excited, truly exhilarated.

"Over one year, more than a year, I’ve copied it over 5 million times! I’ve tried copying the little statue over a hundred times. After the mosha body constantly stared at the little statue and memorized its presence and imagery, trying to absorb it into my consciousness, I didn’t expect to actually succeed this one time." Luo Feng was very excited.

This success was actually the golden horned beast’s carving that had within it almost negligible ripples.

And the huge beast god statue itself had very normal ripples, the pressure it exerted however was no weaker than a doyen’s (Universe knight). The copy of the statue it made however didn’t have any pressure at all.

"Pressure, none! As for the universe law ripples, maybe a trillionth of the huge statue." Luo Feng thought.

"However!"

"At least there’s progress."

"With this little progress, it’s not much help to my strength. But at least it proves one thing…my method works. I’ll continue on! Constantly raising, copying as much of the imagery till it gets stronger, then, the benefits to me would definitely be shocking." Luo Feng knew that the beast god statue was a true treasure.

And his luck was good enough.

The little statue was impossible to copy at the moment. The moment he tried to copy more scales he would be pressured by the universe laws.

The huge statue could be copied, however without the god presence, it was hard to pinpoint whether the copy was right.

Only with the two of them together would it be a success.

And the little statue was a treasure of Blood River continent. Even though no one understood its wonders, its position was extremely high. At least the number of beast god statues circulated in the universe were extremely few, and one of them was in Luo Feng’s hands.

"Your majesty."

"Your majesty Luo Feng?"

Dylan and Si Fan Qi both felt ripples from Luo Feng, immediately asking.

"Haha." Luo Feng looked at both of them and said, "I’ve sat here for over a year. However, I’m very interested in this beast god statue. Hence, I may stay here for another 10 to 100 years. Elder Si Fan Qi, if you have anything to attend to, you can return to the Pagoda tribe. When I’m done studying the beast god statue here I will leave Laos World immediately."

"My time is limitless." Si Fan Qi smiled, "Hundreds to thousands of years are but a flash to me. Your majesty needn’t worry about me, if I have any urgent matters, I will definitely inform you before I leave."

"Hm." Luo Feng nodded, after which he looked at Dylan.

The two of them exchanged glances, not needing to say anything.

Dylan’s job was to protect Luo Feng, and at domain lord level, it was his final chance to lay down his foundation. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

At universe level, they stayed within the nest of the Virtual Universe company, at domain lord level they had guards to protect them. However once they reached Sector lord level…they would truly be exploring the universe. Hence, during his time at domain lord level…the most important thing was his training. Dylan was willing to sacrifice his own few thousands of years of training before disturbing Luo Feng’s training.

Luo Feng’s three bodies worked together.

After the 1st success, he let the golden horned beast try copying again, discovering that he would only succeed 1 out of ten times. After another half a month of copying, it became 1 out of 3 times. Another half a month passed and it was finally solid, he could succeed every time.

At this time!

Luo Feng had truly gotten a grasp of the weakest of the beast god’s presence.

Luo Feng called this the beast god presence.

"This beast god presence, I have grasped a little of it. Even the golden horned beast’s sky tearing claw has gotten stronger from it." Luo Feng sat crossed legged on the stone. In the distance, many gold horn race clansmen silhouettes could be seen. Over 1 hundred million of them were scattered throughout the canyon, almost like a swarm of locusts.

"Hm."

"Since I have a bare grasp of this presence, then, I’ll station here and train." Luo Feng made a decision.

Training anywhere was still training.

Even if he was accompanying his wife, parents, children, he could meet them occasionally in the virtual universe. It was after all 100% simulation, which was not much different from reality.

"The time I spend here, I have to first exchange for 10,000 soul control." Luo Feng immediately sent a thread of his consciousness into the virtual universe network.

Virtual universe, Yu Xiang mountain, primal region, Luo Feng’s villa.

Within his study.

Luo Feng sat before his desk and opened his laptop, swiftly opening the treasure trove folder and picking the techniques. After awhile, he found the 10,000 soul control.

This technique belonged to an extremely high level technique, and was much stronger than the soul imprint Hu Yan Bo had created. Even if Hu Yan Bo had the strength of an official level undying, back then he couldn’t do anything against this sector lord level bug clan mother nest. Even if he had money, he couldn’t purchase this valuable manual.

Afterall, amongst the entire humanity, the number of techniques created to control the mother nest were only 29.

All of them were incredibly expensive.

"Damn."

"So expensive."

Luo Feng looked at the price on the screen. Unlike time space scribbles, an extremely top end manual which could be purchased in parts, this 10,000 soul control couldn’t and had to be bought in its entirety.

10,000 soul control was a technique to control the soul of a slave, with an exchange price 1.5 million points (primal region 70%, absolute beginning 80%, sky and land region 90% and last phase region full price)

"1.5 million points!"

"So pricey." Luo Feng looked at the price and felt the pinch, it was simply too vicious. "Teacher Hu Yan Bo’s soul imprint’s entire manual is only worth about 10,000 points, and just the soul imprint, would probably be only worth thousands of points. And this 10,000 soul control, which was also another soul control technique, had reached 1.5 million!"

Babata who stood on his shoulder twitched his mouth. "Stop complaining! If you weren’t a core member of the virtual universe, even if you had 2 million or 3 million mixed elements, you’d never be able to buy this manual. Normally, any warrior that acquires a mother nest would sell everything of theirs just to find a way to control it. As long as one copy of these manuals are auctioned by the Virtual Universe company, there would be fierce competition for it."

Luo Feng rubbed his chin.

He naturally knew this.

However…

He was poor!

"My points, with the 200,000 points from the mission before, when the one year limit reaches, with two targets still on the run, I would only get 85% completion. And I’d only get 170,000 points from that. The two impossible level missions gave me the most points, demon note mountain gave me 400,000 points and Confusion galaxy gave me 500,000." Luo FEng looked at his points layout.

His total points were only at 1,316,060.