Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 669: Mother Nest Queen

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Milky way, within the atmosphere of that greenish blue planet, a blood red triangular ship was swiftly passing through the atmosphere and activating its cloaking device. Earth’s current security system had no way of detecting the new Yun Mo Planet ship.

"I’m back."

Luo Feng stood in the control room of the ship and gazed down at the blurry continent below. After the ship broke past the cloud layers, he then could see the continuous land clearly below, the many cities, roads etc. He would also occasionally see a few specially persevered wastelands of the Great Nirvana period. Currently these were all museum property and preserved to let the many younger generations see and experience them.

Hua!

The cabin door opened and Luo Feng brought Dylan and the others out of the ship, keeping it back in his internal world.

"Including the time spent in the dark universe, I’ve been away from earth for about 183 years." Luo Feng exclaimed.

"Your majesty hasn’t even reached 500 years of age. Naturally, you feel that this time is long, when you step into the sector lord level…the time you spend simply creating your own techniques would go up to thousands of years. Only then you’ll realize, that to universe warriors, hundreds to thousands of years are indeed nothing more than a blink of an eye." Dylan smiled.

Luo Feng looked at him speechless.

Over thousands of years, a blink of an eye?

He hadn’t even lived for 500 years yet, not even half a blink.

"Let’s go home!" Luo Feng ordered.

Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!

The 7 immediately vanished from mid air and appeared in the air above the Asian continent’s Yang Zhou city, quickly triggering the notice of the 3 sector lord guards stationed there. These were 3 of the 5 guards from Luo Feng’s team that he had left back on earth.

"Greetings your majesty." The 3 sector lords rose into the sky and knelt in mid air.

"Hm." Luo Feng smiled and nodded.

He immediately entered his home straight after and as the entire defense system of his living quarters was managed and designed by Babata, as a Living AI, the amount of effort he put made the system an extremely high quality AI, even though it couldn’t compare to a life form.

Luo Feng’s arrival naturally wouldn’t trigger an attack from the AI.

…

"You don’t even inform me when you return." Xu Xin who was originally sitting in the quiet ancient yard with hundreds of years of history looked at Luo feng with shock as she stared wide eyed. After which she smiled, "You said before that your visit of the gold horn race Laos World would be a long one. I thought it’d be hundreds to thousands of years, at least you have the heart to come back."

Luo Feng laughed along.

In truth, the main reason for his return was the bug clan mother nest. Naturally he couldn’t say this or Xu Xin would definitely be angry.

"Don’t we meet in the virtual universe." Luo Feng said.

"How can that be the same." Xu Xin suddenly revealed a peculiar smile. "Shall we have a ceremony for your return?"

"Ah, forget it." Luo Feng said.

Family gathering?

My god.

Compared to his family the last time he returned, the Luo Family was much bigger than before. One had to know that in the history of china, there were some royal families that lasted for 200 to 300 years, and their members already went up to the tens of thousands. During Luo Feng’s return in the past, there were only over 500 male members, the entire count was over 1,000, and as the generations got later, the number of wives married was getting more ridiculous too.

He stayed on earth for 50 years.

Now it had been another 183 years.

The youngest member of the family was already Luo Feng’s 26th generation grandchild! Just counting those with his bloodline alone reached over tens of thousands. If he included the wives, then it’d be even bigger. And the most daring of all was Luo Ke Di. His wives back then reached over a hundred, now his wives alone reached 1,021! And as he had many sons, plus it’s still the early stages of the family expansion. Hence, Luo Ke Di’s lineage alone…was quite high in status in the family.

"Forget it? This family leader hasn’t returned in close to 200 years. We definitely have to have a gathering when you return." Xu Xin mocked.

"There’s no way around it, there’s too many people."

Luo Feng laughed helplessly. "It’s only been close to 500 years and the men in the family have already reached hundreds of thousands. I finally understand…how those ancient families in the universe have trillions in their family, having a group of sector lords just within the family."

"What’s strange about that." Xu xin exclaimed. "China’s history during the 3 kingdom wars, how many were left out of our population back then? However over a 1,000 years later, the number still exceeded 1 billion. And this was when food was limited, the many generations of war, life spans were limited. If we simply just expanded, in another 100 to 200 years, the family population exceeding 1 hundred million would be very normal."

Luo Feng felt humanity’s reproduction abilities were even more amazing than before. Not humanity’s numbers, as long as they had enough space, food, survival environment, even if they only began with a few tens of men and women, after 1 hundred million years, that number would be unimaginable.

Hence, creating a universe country…wasn’t hard.

The problem was there weren’t enough territories!

…

Luo Feng visited his close family and Mei Wen and some other friends. After all, he hadn’t even lived for 500 years, and a star traveller’s life span alone reached a 1,000 years. Hence, many of them were still alive! Like Mei Wen. With Luo Feng’s resources, even if they weren’t too hard working, he still reached star level.

With enough resources to nurture, even a pig could reach sector lord level!

Of course the amount of resources required to nurture a pig was probably enough to nurture a million sector lords. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

After staying home for a couple of days, Luo Feng brought Dylan and headed towards Shen Rong Jia.

Shen Rong Jia, there stood an ancient castle with close to 10 km in area. It was called an ancient castle but in truth, in terms of size it was almost a city.

Sou! Sou!

Luo Feng and Dylan instantly appeared before the castle.

"Ancient castle." Luo Feng looked at this castle. There were signs of its age on the walls, plants sprawled all around it, and at the top of it you could see silhouettes. The formless energy was very strong, they were all universe level. There was a universe level slave team in charge of guarding this castle.

Rumble… The castle’s main entrance opened.

From within walked out 4 people, and behind them were a group of universe level slave guards.

"Greetings master."

"Greetings your majesty."

The 4 bowed respectfully, the slaves all knelt down.

"Hm, Di Fan, Bai Kalo, and my two sector lord guards, it’s been hard on you." Luo F eng said. This was the place Bai Kalo and Di Fan were in charge of, the two sector lord guards were there to assist.

"Ah." Luo Feng looked shocked at Di Fan, "Di Fan, you’ve broken through to sector lord level?"

"With the two elders here to help me, there was a day when I was on a mountain in Shen Rong Jia looking into space, and unintentionally I broke through." The bald Di Fan said respectfully.

Di Fan and Bai Kalo were the soul slaves he had taken in before. Back then, he only knew the slave soul imprint and used that to control them, the number of slaves he could have was extremely few. Even with Hu Yan Bo’s power he only controlled 9 undying slaves. It showed how little the limit was, and Luo Feng still chose those two as he saw their capabilities and potential.

Di Fan was a slave from birth and worked hard. Even without good resources, he still reached universe level 9.

Bai Ka Lo was a genius that exceeded his teacher Nuo Lan Shan.

After following Luo Feng, they easily broke through to domain lord level and with the nutrition cabin that Luo Feng had provided, even though it wasn’t as good as the one available at Virtual Universe Company, within a few short decades, they both reached domain lord level 9. From domain lord level 1 to 9, the nutrition liquid wasn’t a problem to Luo Feng. As for sector lord level…he couldn’t do so like before.

Di Fan and Bai Kalo bother reached domain lord level 9 long ago!

As Luo feng left behind 5 sector lord guards the last time he returned, the 2 could approach these 5 sector lord pinnacle warriors for guidance. Di Fan however broke through earlier to sector lord level!

"And with your majesty’s techniques and resources, this breakthrough was supposedly even harder than when I trained till universe level 9 back then." Di Fan said.

Luo Feng laughed.

"Work hard." Luo Feng encouraged him, "Bai Kalo, you have to keep up."

"Yes master." Bai Kalo bowed.

These 2 soul slaves, it was his initial plan to invest heavily in them and eventually bring them around with him in battle. However, after he trained in the 10,000 soul control, the number of soul slaves he could control had grown much larger. Especially with the bug clan mother nest in hand, his vision had broadened. Normal sector lord pinnacle warriors would be useless to him.

The plan now was…

Continue to nurture Di Fan and Bai Kalo heavily. They were after all soul slaves, and were definitely loyal. He’ll let them protect the Luo Family well!

…

After chatting with the two of them for a while, he quickly reached the core and most dangerous place of the ancient castle.

"Hm?" Luo Feng rubbed the fence and gazed at the huge round ball below. It had a diameter exceeding 800m, and its surface had many cavities with poisonous gas emitting out and spreading around. It made the entire mother nest look blurry as the poison fog engulfed the area. Many of the universe level slave guards didn’t even dare get close.

"Bug clan mother nest." Dylan stared at it too.

This mother nest was a huge treasure.

"Sou!" With a thought, Luo Feng placed the comatose mother nest within his internal world, leaving behind a huge empty pit with poisonous gas still about.

"We can get rid of this ancient castle." Luo Feng ordered. "Di Fan, and Bai Kalo, you two return to the Luo residence and see Xu Xin to await her orders."

"Yes master." The two complied respectfully.

Sou! Sou!

The two of them became beams of light and vanished.

"You two sector lord guards follow me." Luo Feng ordered. "As for the slave army…continue to wait here for further orders."

"Yes master!"

The slave army complied simultaneously, shaking the land and skies.

The two sector lord guards complied as well.

…

Luo Feng didn’t stay any longer. He immediately flew towards Yang Zhou city with the two sector lords and Dylan.

Since he had placed the mother nest in his internal world and he had already finished the 3rd level of the 10,000 soul control, he couldn’t wait any longer. He decided to immediately lock himself in at home and use all his energy in controlling the queen of the bug clan mother nest.