Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 675: Wu Long Star Field

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"I do need some." Luo Feng smiled.

"How much?" The dark red skinned leader lifted his wine glass and sipped, after which he looked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng muttered to himself softly. "If I want all sector lord pinnacle bug corpses, and not bad ones like tiger armored bugs, I need about 10 million corpses."

"10 million, sector lord pinnacle?" Tian Qiong was somewhat stunned as his red eyes gazed at Luo Feng.

The silver robed man sitting behind Tian qiong was shocked too. Looking at this black haired youth before him, "This Luo Feng sure is vicious. He is actually ready to buy 10 million sector lord pinnacle bug corpses. This is about the max master can deal in one order!"

"Ok, luckily it’s still within my authority. If you required any more, I’d have to have an audit with the other managers." Tian Qiong put down his glass.

"Then I’m in your debt Long Jue emperor." Luo Feng sighed within.

Even though it was 10 million bug corpses, those were referring to complete bodies. However, most of the corpses from the outer regions were all damaged. It normally took a few additional body parts added together to be considered one complete body! Afterall, buying bug corpses…the people buying them were mostly human warriors who owned mother nests, all for producing large amounts of bug soldiers.

They didn’t require perfect corpses.

However…

"According to what Aina told me, 5 or 6 complete tiger armored bug corpses, when swallowed, she would be able to produce 1 living tiger armored bug. After getting ten million complete corpses, building the sector lord army wouldn’t be a problem." Luo Feng finally felt relief, as the biggest problem to building the sector lord army was the huge resources that it required.

If he used normal A grade metals.

Even 100 earth sized metals, along with the same low level blood and materials etc, it wouldn’t even be able to produce 1 sector lord pinnacle bug!

Sector lord!

As for natural evolution, it normally took 1,000 galaxies to produce one sector lord! With an absolute being’s guidance, the probability would rise by 10 times. However, the numbers were still very small. A sector lord, with a wave of his hand could cause great destruction on an entire planet. Hence, creating a sector lord pinnacle bug, one could only imagine the resources required.

Luckily Luo Feng only required the corpses of the sector lord pinnacle bugs. If he went for domain lord pinnacle corpses, the amount needed would be ten thousand times more.

He would require 100 billion domain lord pinnacle bug corpses!

…

1 hour later.

The dark red skin leader Tian Qiong, with the silver robed man beside, brought his tens of undyings and left the luxurious restaurant.

At the top level.

Luo Feng gazed down through the glass. This was the 9,822nd level, and it was about 100km from here to the bottom level. However, Luo Feng could still easily see the endless people within the pathways below, the many races of humanity had all sorts of appearances.

"Your majesty, congratulations." Dylan smiled. "With Long Jue emperor’s agreement, this matter is settled without a hitch. Right, why is your majesty buying so many bug corpses, and who are you buying them for?"

"For myself." Luo Feng said.

"Ah."

Dylan’s eyes gleamed as he smiled. "Even though you have a mother nest, you have no way to control it, why are you getting so many corpses now? The bodies will rot and decay over time."

Only undyings were eternal.

Sector lord bodies would indeed rot.

"Hence I require sector lord pinnacle bug corpses." Luo Feng said indifferently. "The higher the power, the slower the bodies will rot! Those normal student level bodies would begin to rot in 10 days to half a month, universe level would take decades to hundreds of years, sector lord pinnacle, even after 10,000 years, would still only rot a little. After another few tens of thousands of years, it would only rot to the bones. Finally, after another tens of thousands of years, only then would it fully decay. I’m speaking about humans, the bug clan…their construct is different from humans, their surface level has scales and shells etc, they are able to last longer!"

"Also!"

"That’s without maintenance. If I freeze them, the process would be delayed hundreds to thousands of times." Luo Feng said indifferently. "Getting sector lord pinnacle bug corpses, even after storing for 100,000 years, as long as they are frozen, they definitely wouldn’t rot.

Dylan nodded.

"Anyway, whatever I don’t use I can sell in the future." Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. "What’s more, I have a mother nest, I will definitely find a way to control it! According to my plan, I won’t stay at domain lord level over 10,000 years. When I reach sector lord pinnacle, I’ll naturally have a way to control it."

"Your majesty has planned far ahead." Dylan smiled.

Luo Feng glanced at Dylan.

He had told purple lightning official he was buying for someone else earlier. However, Dylan had been sticking by him all this while, and even if he was under the same lineage, under True Yan Emperor, whichever undying he knew, Dylan probably knew even more. Lying to Dylan would eventually be exposed.

Hence he simply admitted to it.

And Dylan was under True Yan’s orders to protect him, every move he made would be reported to True Yan.

True Yan emperor was his teacher.

Other than his own personal secret, he would rather not lie about anything else.

"Planned far ahead? To compete with the pinnacle geniuses of humanity, how can I not plan far ahead? If I only look at the present, I would be exceeded by others." Luo Feng smiled indifferently. "Like how I’ve already purchased the soul control technique and began its training, all in the hopes of controlling the mother nest in the future."

Dylan’s eyes gleamed, smiling as he complimented and nodded, "I respect your majesty’s forward thinking. When you own the mother nest in the future and make a bug army…hehe, your majesty, I await that day."

"Haha…" Luo Feng laughed.

He had long completed the 3rd level of 10,000 soul control and controlled the mother nest. The moment he had enough sector lord bug corpses, he would immediately begin producing that army!

"With the sector lord army in hand, when I explore at sector lord level, I’ll be able to go to dangerous places." Luo Feng anticipated.

…

The Yun Mo planet ship continued to fly in the dark universe.

…

In the 9th month after he left earth, virtual universe, Black Dragon mountain 9 star bay.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder god sat around a table.

"The past few times we tried contacting you, we couldn’t even get through big brother." Luo Feng lifted his tea pot and poured 3 cups. The amber like tea flowed into the cups, "Did you cut off connections?"

"Thirdie, don’t bring up big brother. How many times have I looked for you during these 100 years?" The white robed bald man Thunder god said. "And you only returned to 9 stay bay a few times. When I look for you at other times, you always cut off all connections. Big brother too! During these 100 years, I’ve never even contacted you. The two of you…are so busy!"

"Don’t say that it is just us."

Luo Feng looked at Thunder god, "2nd brother, you haven’t been on earth these past 200 years. Back then, you even said you’d stay rooted on earth."

The two of them argued for awhile.

Beside them, Hong lifted his tea cup and smiled at their noise as he sipped his tea.

"Big brother, Thirdie went to the gold horn race home within these 100 years." Thunder god said. "The gold horn race is another race besides humanity. However, they are subservient to humanity. Right, don’t spread this news about them, it’s just for us to know."

"Hm." Hong nodded.

Luo Feng and Thunder god exchanged glances.

Because of Ji Qing’s matter back then, Hong seemed very calm on the surface. However, the 2 brothers knew that it was a huge blow to him. After that, Hong went to join the Huge axe dojo’s elite training faction. After which…Luo Feng and Thunder god, other than the initial conversations, lost contact with him.

They hadn’t contacted each other in over a hundred years.

"Big brother." Luo Feng spoke.

"Hm?" Hong looked over.

"What have you been doing over these 100 years?" Luo Feng asked.

"Primal chaos city!" Hong said.

"Primal chaos city?" Luo Feng was stunned, beside him thunder god stared wide eyed too.

Luo Feng had been there before, hence thunder god was very clear on what it meant…simply going there was extremely difficult.

"Hm. The last time after Jade Dome planet’s incident, I went to the elite training camp. There, I spent the years working hard and improved quite a bit. Finally, I was accepted into the Huge Axe Dojo’s core!" Hong smiled indifferently. "The group of special elites accepted then had the chance to go to primal chaos city to train. My time there was similar to yours, akin to the outside world of 100 years. It was just yesterday that I left the primal universe. Right now, I’m heading towards one of the Huge Axe Dojo’s secret regions. I’m currently in a ship and my consciousness is in the virtual universe network chatting with you two."

"Damn." Thunder god stared.

"Damn." Luo Feng could only say this too.

Truly.

This big brother Hong was seriously too low profile!

"Big brother, you are too calm for someone who had entered the core of the Huge Axe Dojo. Even the geniuses from the entire ganwu universe country wouldn’t necessarily be picked! Now that you’ve entered their core, you actually told no one and seem so calm. Not even telling anyone about your 100 years in primal chaos city." Thunder god stared wide eyed.

"It was a lucky incident, and it made my training more solid. What’s there to be proud of." Hong said casually.

"You are vicious." Thunder god was speechless.

"Big brother, are you poking fun at him, and about my pride." Luo Feng looked at Hong. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"Haha…"

Hong laughed, "Alright, it was a small matter. Also the Huge Axe Dojo would pick special elites from the entire universe and after which, they go through another round of selection. Even if one gets into the core, they are only in the outer circles of the core. Akin to your last phase members of the Virtual Universe Company. It’s nothing to be proud of. When the day comes that I’m able to enter the innermost core of the Huge Axe secret region, becoming a true member of the organization, I will definitely celebrate big time then."

Luo Feng and thunder god exchanged glances and smiled.

…

From the ganwu universe country’s milky way heading to the distant Wu Long starfield, it was indeed very far.

After a year and 2 months of travel, Luo Feng and his group finally arrived at the Wu Long Starfield.