Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 678: Picking Treasures.

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Luo Feng nodded, turning to Dylan beside, "Dylan, you can stay here and train for awhile."

"Your majesty must be careful alone." Dylan warned.

Over 200 years, Dylan had always stuck right beside him, hardly ever leaving his side.

"Haha, there’s nothing to worry about." Long Jue emperor laughed loudly. "This is Wu Long starfield, a true important land. What danger could there possibly be? And there are many powerful beings stationed here, the moment there’s any incident, the security system will immediately discover it and the knights…they can instantly arrive at any spot in Wu Long Starfield."

"Dylan, you heard it." Luo Feng smiled at him.

"Long Jue Emperor, then I’ll enter." Luo Feng said.

"Haha, go on. But, don’t forget to go to the many rubbish mountains to look for treasures, you might discover something. Over 3,000 eras ago here, there was an internal member who discovered an ancient broken shard that was worth over a hundred million mixed elements. He immediately struck it rich!" Long Jue emperor exclaimed. "Even though we are extremely careful in our separation of remains, the amount of the goods are simply too huge. Even a robot type human would occasionally make mistakes. Sometimes people simply get lucky and find treasures."

"How many have actually got items worth over hundred million mixed elements?" Luo Feng asked.

"In the recent 10,000 eras, only 2." He replied.

Luo Feng shook his head.

The 9 great rubbish starfields would attract the highest echelon of the entire humanity. After which, they sent their own sector lords to enter and pick the items. The number of deals per day was very high…every time there was a deal, according to the size of it, they would also give a world ring for them to head to rubbish mountain.

Yet in the recent hundred million years, only 2 had gotten true treasures. The probability was simply too low.

"Finding treasures, is simply that, finding. However, it’s simply a gift from our end. To actually get treasures will depend on your luck and nothing more." Long Jue mocked.

Luo Feng laughed.

After which he bid goodbye to Long Jue Emperor and Dylan and followed the two white robed men. "Two guides, let head out."

The two replied respectfully, "Yes Lord Luo Feng."

With a wave, a 80 diameter disc shaped universe ship appeared. Simultaneously, they said respectfully, "Lord Luo Feng, travelling within Wu Long starfield requires our internal ship, other ships flying within without authority would be attacked, please enter."

"Hm." Luo Feng and the two white robed guides entered.

After which, the ship accelerated and reached light speed, vanishing into the distant space.

…

Long Jue emperor and Dylan watched the ship go.

"Dylan, how long do you think Luo Feng will take to return?" Long Jue smiled.

"10 days to half a month." Dylan said.

"I’m guessing at least half a year." Long Jue laughed loudly. After that, with the group that welcomed them, they travelled through 100,000 km of space into the distant palace.

The disc shaped ship travelled in the dark universe for awhile before travelling back to the actual universe.

"Lord Luo Feng, even though we only flew for awhile in the dark universe, if we slowly flew in the actual universe to where the sector lord bug corpses were, it would take at least a hundred years." The silver disc shaped ship stopped in space. The cabin door opened and the 3 of them flew out, one of the guides continued.

"I know. For 1 light year in the actual universe, it would only take 3 light seconds in the dark universe." Luo Feng said, gazing about.

My god!

The surrounding light seconds of space was empty, any further and it was an endless sea of bug corpses.

"Every purchase of bug corpses start here." The taller white robed man smiled. "Your majesty, please tell me your metal card numbers."

"Hua!"

With a flip of his hand, 200 metal cards appeared in the air, scaring the 2 white robed men.

They carefully examined the cards. "b2461——95453——13402——96289——71859" "b2446——56453——13202——96226——43193" the numbers were complex. After reading the numbers completely, the 2 white robed men looked down at their quantum computer and swiftly verified, quickly looking back up respectfully at Luo Feng.

"Lord Luo Feng, these 200 metal cards represent 200 units of bug corpses that aren’t too far away. However, there’s some distance in between each of them, calculating the entire trip if we fly together, with a speed of 100,000 km per second, the round trip will take about 13 days." The taller white robed man smiled, "This is considered a shorter distance already."

Luo Feng muttered within.

With Wu Long starfield’s millions of light years in diameter, simply flying for a few days, and being able to verify all the goods, this was indeed very short.

"Let’s go." Luo Feng ordered.

"Yes."

The two white robed guides immediately released their world energies to wrap about Luo Feng, becoming beams of lights as they swiftly flew. Sector lord level warriors could easily maintain close to light speed during flight. Undyings could completely use only their physical bodies to reach light speed and enter the dark universe and back.

"So many." Luo Feng looked about.

The endless blur of goods filled the entire space. With only several pathways in between, Luo Feng and the other two followed a 100km wide pathway and flew.

"Endless bug corpses, almost all of them are broken and damaged." As Luo Feng swiftly flew within the pathway, he used his spirit energy to sweep the surrounding close by corpses. "These are domain lord level corpses. Long Jue Emperor was right, within one unit there are all sorts of levels of corpses, some high level bugs and others lower levels. Indeed the prices all differ."

After flying for 8 days.

Luo Feng and the other two finally reached the region with the sector lord pinnacle bug corpses.

…

Within an observation point in Wu Long Starfield.

A skinny man with a head full of black scales sat in his bed. He looked up at the screen before him that displayed detailed maps of the security system of the entire Wu Long starfield. The entire area was under surveillance, with blurs of dots appearing in different regions of the map.

As long as one was within the good storage region of Wu Long Starfield, no one could escape it’s surveillance.

"b24 region, enlarge."

The skinny man’s green gaze carefully examined the map as he ordered his quantum computer, "Lock in on the 3 silhouettes."

"Di!"

3 moving dots that appeared in the region of b24 of the surveillance map was enlarged. As for these 3 dots, 2 of them were white, while another the other was red.

"Buying bug corpses?"

"No.3 Luo Feng?"

The skinny man stared hard at the screen. As a member of the observation team within Wu Long Starfield, every member could view the maps. The moment there was a problem in any part of the entire area, these members would immediately discover it and go fix the problem or get a new part etc.

Afterall…

Surveillance over a star field with a diameter of millions of light years, how difficult was that? It was easy for problems to arise considering how much machinery was involved.

"No.3 has already entered the bug corpses region for two days, it’s time to make a move!"

Hu!

The skinny man got up and immediately the projected screen vanished too.

"Hua!" The alloy door opened and he walked out.

"Kasey." A tall and sturdy apeman walking in the pathway outside laughed loudly. "Why, are you heading out?"

"I’m too bored, I still have 3 chances of searching for treasures. Hence, I’m prepared to head out now. Hey, you want to go as well?" The skinny man smiled. The apeman seemed somewhat envious. "The moment the chances were given I used them all. I really envy you, you still have 3 chances."

"Haha…Then I’ll be going, wish me luck in finding treasures." The skinny many laughed and headed out.

"Keep dreaming." The apeman shook his head.

Rumble…

The seemingly normal asteroid from outside opened up and the skinny man’s green eyes gazed about. With just a wave, a silver disc shaped ship appeared. He entered it and swiftly began universe travel.

…

After a short period of time.

Outside the palace, floating in space, ripples appeared and a silver disc shaped ship appeared.

After keeping the ship, the skinny agent 6 headed straight towards the sides of the palace, to the slanted hall. His arrival didn’t arouse any of the guard’s suspicion.

"Kasey, why have you come?"

"I’m bored, I’m prepared to go try my luck at the rubbish mountain." Agent 6 casually spoke with the guards he knew well, after which he entered the hall.

Within.

There were many members sitting there.

"I’m here to get a world ring, I still have 3 chances to search for treasures." The skinny man sat in a chair and told a white robed man. "I’ve already requested this through the virtual universe earlier."

"It’s Kasey. Haha, hold on." The white robed man sent a thread of consciousness into the virtual universe and began to work.

"Alright, this is a small world ring. Remember, you have to return the ring once your chance is over. place whatever treasure you’ve found in your own internal world." The man said.

"Relax, you are so naggy, would I not know?"

Kasey smiled. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"Good luck then." The white robed man threw a black world ring out and Kasey grabbed it, after which he casually headed out. Halfway through he turned, "I remember the max amount of time…I’m given is 1 year right?"

"Right, 1 year." The white man said indifferently.

"Haha, this one year will be relaxing." Kasey smirked satisfied.

…

Searching for treasures within the 9 great rubbish starfields had already become a tradition. As there were indeed truly lucky people in history, getting some shocking heavenly treasures. And the rubbish mountains within the rubbish starfields, some had been there for trillions of years. Hence, a few treasures may have been overlooked.

Therefore!

In addition to that, the members within the great rubbish starfields have all made requests, and the higher levels all knew that these rubbish mountains were simply all about luck. There were truly very few treasures within. Plus, the lower level members’ lives were simply too dull. Hence, there was an incentive such that, every 10,000 years, there would 1 chance to use a small world ring to search for treasures.