Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 681: Luo Feng’s Death Trap

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Luo Feng floated in space, the 216 thick vines that stretched over 10,000 km were like huge snakes made wrapping about the assassin within, also the countless leaves all attacked individually, with one of them using the e9 grade laser gun, shooting the glaring pillar of white light at Kasey, the high temperatures caused the surrounding leaves to melt, however it didn’t pierce through Kasey’s armor.

"The e9 grade laser gun can kill normal sector lord level 9s, however it doesn’t guarantee a 100% against a sector lord level 9 pinnacle." Luo Feng was clear on this point.

To be able to make a move within Wu Long Starfield, this assassin must have been hidden for extremely long.

The moment he made a move, it would definitely be shocking!

To be killed so easily, even Luo Feng couldn’t believe it.

"Bring it, let’s see what you have, see how much you can force me to unleash?" Luo Feng stared at the silhouette within the white pillar of light.

Rumble…

Kasey’s expression was pale as he crashed into the large amount of vines behind him

"Vines, kill him." Luo Feng ordered.

Rustle…

The countless vines slid about in space, engulfing Kasey. Kasey was very clear…that the cloud contact vine was a plant life form that was extremely hard to deal with, many powerful humans with backgrounds all used cloud contact vines to protect themselves, in terms of its size and cell genetics, it was extremely terrifying.

Luo Feng’s cloud contact vine was nurtured extremely well.

A total of 216 vines, at sector lord level, every vine could reach up to 30,000 km, its thickness was at least 300 km thick, naturally in battle there was no need to go that big, a sector lord level 6 high level vine’s sturdiness was extremely solid, even a sector lord level 9’s destroying speed…probably couldn’t keep up with its regeneration.

"Ah!!!" Against the vines that swallowed him up, he struggled within and let out a mad howl.

"Why howl before you die?"

Luo Feng stood in the distant space and watched.

Suddenly…

"Rumble…A formless terrifying energy, almost like an ant seeing a dragon, began to expand throughout, causing Luo Feng’s expression to change greatly, the spot where Kasey was began to sprout with explosions of flames, causing the space there to become a sea of flames, large amounts of the vine and its leaves were instantly burnt to ashes.

Many thick vines began to warp.

The vine sent a simple thought to Luo Feng, terrified, unable to withstand…

… VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

With Kasey as the core, an area of 30 km was reduced to ashes, many of the regenerated thick vines didn’t dare go close within that 30 km again.

Endless flames burnt within the space.

There were 2 silhouettes within the flames.

One was the heavily injured and mad Kasey, the other…was a 2m tall man, dressed in ancient black armor, revealing his arms. He was the center of the flames, his arms had thick fiery red hair that covered even his face.

His eyes were like flames burning.

He!

Flame undying!

"No, undying!" Luo Feng watched from far, looking at the undying surrounded by endless flames, he felt a powerful pressure, that undying energy that worked on his body, endless undying energy, like a huge mountain pressing him down!

With the undying energy pressure, he couldn’t resist.

"It’s actually, an undying, this assassin actually brought an undying with him, it definitely, definitely must have been hidden within his internal world." Luo Feng squinted, "What power is this, to actually stay hidden within Wu Long Starfield’s members…My guess was indeed right, his trump card truly is terrifying."

It was terrifying.

So terrifying it drove people crazy.

An undying!

Agent 6, to be able to rank top amongst the other pawns hidden within Wu Long Starfield, it was because he had hidden an undying within his internal world. This undying was one that had his soul controlled by the bug clan, and as his identity was compromised, he had no way to show himself or use his god country to return to the bug clan territory.

Without their hidden ambush value, these controlled undyings were normally used as cannon fodder or weapons.

Placing an undying as a pawn within an internal world…using him at critical times!

If one could create a technological weapon capable of killing an undying, it’s price would be absurd, these normal controlled undyings…however, their worth was still much more. Also, a sector lord wielding these weapons in true battle would still never compare to an undying.

This!

Was agent 6’s true trump card, it was also the trump card the bug clan had prepared to kill Luo Feng!

"Long Jue Emperor, I need help, there’s an undying the member brought with him to kill me." Luo Feng immediately sent a thread of his consciousness into the virtual universe network, simultaneously sending a letter to Long Jue Emperor and spamming it 10 times over!

…

Long Jue emperor was at the time within the outermost palace of the starfield, discussing business with others.

"This is 10 million mixed elements to buy goods, this 10%…which is 1 million mixed elements, is a little for your troubles Long Jue emperor." A bald old man in a black exquisite long robe spoke in a friendly manner, smiling.

"You wish to get 10 million mixed elements worth of goods, that’s not easy…" Long Jue emperor frowned, "You should know that for over 1 million, I cannot make the decision myself."

As it has to go into the accounts, and there would be detailed records within.

Whatever was bought and paid for.

Like Luo Feng purchasing 1 million mixed elements worth of bug corpses, these were all recorded and thoroughly audited.

Hence…it put an end to buying separate batches, and not anyone could simply come and purchase items, one had to have a certain level of position! If one bought 1 million mixed elements worth of goods and simply did it 10 times, it was too good to be true. The virtual universe company and the huge axe dojo along with the other leviathans would never allow such a loophole, their audits were extremely strict.

The moment there was any corruption, the consequences were severe.

"Long Jue emperor, we’ve known each other over the past 10,000 eras, I seriously need to create this weapon, how about this way…15% commission will belong to you. As for how to split this with the other 4 members, that’s up to you." The black robed bald old man’s eyes were almost like space itself, he spoke softly.

"Wait awhile."

Long Jue emperor frowned as he muttered within, "Who’d send me 10 straight messages?"

He sent part of his consciousness into the virtual universe network and entered his palace on Thunder island.

Standing within, he gently tapped the space and a screen appeared, he opened the mail within, "Long Jue Emperor, save me, there’s an undying assassin here brought by an internal member."

Hu!

He was totally shocked.

"Luo Feng, attacked?" Long Jue once again opened the screen and immediately adjusted his Wu Long starfield map, sending out an alarm to the security system, "There’s someone being attacked in Wu Long Starfield, hurry and check it out!" No matter what he first had to find the exact location before sending anyone, as the system used white dots and red dots to distinguish between internal members and outsiders.

However there were many people choosing goods within, it was hard to tell which was Luo Feng, he could only tell from where there was a battle!

Di! Di! Di!

The security system scanned all the observation points within the starfield.

"There’s been no battle." The system replied.

Long Jue Emperor was stunned, however he immediately understood, ordering, "Have there been any points compromised?"

"Observation point b2446——56453——13202——96233 has malfunctioned, 36 seconds ago b2446—56 has already headed there to check and do maintenance." The system replied, this entire process was extremely slow, Luo Feng sent the messages earlier after the battle had only been going on for 4 seconds.

However as Long Jue Emperor slowly moved and opened the mail before waiting for the replies from the system etc, 32 seconds had passed.

"Right here! There’s an attack here in this observation point region." Long Jue emperor shouted.

"Contacting the 2 guides." The security system automatically reacted.

"I’m allowing you to immediately send someone." Long Jue Emperor said anxiously.

"Long Jue Emperor, your authority isn’t enough, the system has to follow the regulated procedures." The system continued to try connecting to the 2 guides in the region, over and over…a total of 20 seconds, to no avail. Only then did it send an order to a knight.

This was an AI!

Even if it was a living AI, like Babata the moment the master gave an order…it had to stick completely to the set regulations within, it couldn’t go against it.

This security system of Wu Long star field was exactly like that, as some requests and orders were set by all 5 managers, hence it had to comply.

Without rules, it would be a mess.

Armies had their rules.

This system too naturally had some fixed rules, it may seem stiff, but without them it would result in chaos and even greater losses. And these stiff regulations, even if there were losses from it, it would be within their ability to withstand them.

"It would take about 90 seconds for a knight to get there. Luo Feng, hope you can survive, if you die…that undying wouldn’t be able to flee, even if he teleported through his god country, the ripples left behind by his god country, at least within 60 seconds, with a knight’s ability, he would be able to track its coordinates, he’ll definitely take revenge for you." Long Jue emperor thought, "It’ll depend on how long you can last."

…

Wu Long Starfield.

The undying surrounded by endless flames turned to look at Kasey beside him.

"Undying, you have 80 seconds, you have to kill Luo Feng within 80 seconds. Otherwise one of humanity’s absolute warriors will get here." Kasey’s eyes gleamed with madness, simultaneously communicating via his world energy.

"You can die now."

A low voice resounded in Kasey’s mind.

Rumble!

Kasey was immediately swallowed by origin law flames and reduced to ashes, this undying hiding within his internal world was considered his final trump card, the moment it was used…it meant that the bug clan would definitely not let Kasey survive, in case humanity discovers how they invaded and stayed hidden within.

"Human!" The flaming undying stood there and turned to Luo Feng, his endless god pressure expanding, Luo Feng couldn’t move.

"You can die too!"

Rumble…

Endless flames erupted and almost like a dragon formed from flames, the surrounding 10,000 km region lit up in flames and rushed at Luo Feng!