Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 682: Golden Horned Beast vs Undying

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

This flame was one infused with origin laws, only a true flame undying that had fully comprehended the flame laws could produce such a level of flame so easily, the domain it spread over…was on a godly level, a true law domain! Even though it wasn’t a true god country, it was still much stronger than a sector lord pinnacle’s world projection.

In an undying fight, some were ground gods, some controlled fire, some the land, these were all the law domains, gold, wood, water, fire, ground, wind, thunder, light, the 8 laws had different levels, naturally their domains were different too.

Hence in an undying fight, they normally didn’t use the law domains.

However!

If an undying was trying to kill a sector lord or domain lord etc, they could use it to bully their opponent. This was the law domain that one only got after fully comprehending a law.

Howl…

A howl tore through the space and resounded.

A mountain like enormous beast that was covered in black scales, the pinnacle of space beasts Golden horned beast appeared before Luo Feng, as it appeared, its body length strength over 200 km, it was still shrinking as it appeared.

Crackle…it’s density kept increasing as it shrank, its scales shrank and its bones and muscles grew more dense, the 5 horns on its head shrank too.

In an instant.

It became a 100 km long space beast!

Deities of the world level 2, small progress, its body length had shrunk 5 times while its density had exploded over 100 times…raising its battle ability to 5 times!

Deities of the world, if he makes great progress in the 2nd level, his strength could be increased by 9 times, the 3rd level allowed his strength to rise 36 times. However this technique was easiest when the golden horned beast was small, as it got stronger, it got harder to train.

Many golden horned beasts only finish the 1st level throughout their entire lives.

Very few actually made great progress in the 2nd level.

As for the 3rd level? It was just a legend.

Luo Feng’s golden horned beast was already sector lord level 6, it was extremely hard to improve in deities of the world, and the requirements were extremely harsh, even now, Luo Feng had no way around it.

…

"Golden horned beast?" The flame undying was shocked as he saw the huge beast, "What powerful energy, it should be a sector lord pinnacle beast, and the golden horned beast of that level is supposed to be over 1,000 km long, this one however has used some sort of shrinking technique."

"A human actually has a golden horned beast to protect it, who knows whether he’s controlled the soul of this beast or it was a gift from his teacher True Yan Emperor." The undying was pondering.

"No matter!"

"Even a sector lord pinnacle golden horned beast will die!" The flame undying’s eyes lit up and burned with flames.

Rumble!

The flame laws became a huge fire dragon rushing at the golden horned beast.

Against the endless flames, the golden horned beast let out a fierce howl.

Rumble…

The surrounding over 10,000 km in area warped and became an endless mountain range world, powerful world projection…it immediately clashed against the burning flames, the mountains that hit first were immediately burnt to ashes, however the world projection continued to form.

The flames continued to burn!

The world kept forming!

As such, it became a stalemate!

"How can he have such powerful world projection?" The undying’s expression changed, "It’s actually comparable to the law domain, I’ve long heard of the powerful swallowing beast’s internal world and how vast it was, however…this one is simply absurd!"

World projection, it depended on how powerful one’s internal world was.

Under normal circumstances.

The moment law domain was unleashed, the world projection of a sector lord would instantly crumble without any ability to withstand it.

And for it to be comparable to the law domain, it was simply an impossible scenario.

A human sector lord pinnacle’s internal world only had a diameter of 10,000 km, Luo feng’s however was over 60 million km! Much bigger than even true golden horned beast’s worlds! Normally, sector lord pinnacle golden horned beasts only had world’s with diameters about 30 million km…

Unleashing world projection, they could barely withstand law domain.

They may be disadvantaged but they could withstand it.

At this time!

Luo Feng’s world projection was in a stalemate with the law domain. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

60 million km compared to 10,000 km, the difference was 6,000 times, it was like china’s entire territory compared to a small village, china’s projection compared to the village’s projection, the power difference was huge.

"Howl!" the beast howled.

Picking the hardest path naturally had its benefits.

At least, it's incredibly huge internal world had an extremely powerful world projection, there was no need to fear an undying!

"It’s no use! Law domain is but an assisting skill, in an undying battle, we don’t even use this." The undying roared too, instantly becoming a flaming beam of light and rushing towards the beast.

Howl!

The beast raised its head and howled.

The engravings on its 5 horns all lit up, its head, neck, back, 4 claws, scaled wings all lit up with engravings all over. It wasn’t just such, even its right claw began to undergo change, becoming thicker, its scales changed as they swiftly changed to gold.

Natural ability strengthening!

Blood river energy triggered!

The natural ability made it’s body grow in strength by an entire time, its physical strength, world energy etc!

With the blood river energy triggered, it’s entire body strength was condensed and its right claw’s strength rose by 11 times.

Deities of the world amplitude was 5 times, natural ability strengthen was 2 times.

Blood river energy amplitude was 11 times, the nameless manual had resulted in its strength already 3 times from before.

It’s terrifying right claw strength…was currently a shocking 330 times that of a normal sector lord level 6 golden horned beast without any natural abilities, and a normal sector lord level 6 beast was already no weaker than a human sector lord pinnacle warrior.

330 times amplitude!

And with its spirit energy amplitude at over 3,200 (32 times that of a normal human), and its strengthen ability doubling that, its world energy was now 64 times stronger!

However in comparison.

The beast’s strongest point was still its body!

Its world projection could match up to the law domain, hence it at least had the ability to put up a fight!

Howl…the beast roared madly, simultaneously welcoming the undying rushing over, it waved its powerful right claw and through its comprehension of the gold and space laws from studying the beast god’s howling picture, it followed the beast god presence comprehension that it had worked so hard on for over 180 years…unleashing it’s strongest attack!

Sky tearing claw!

Rumble…the space around it was instantly torn apart, layers of space were split, causing space tears all around.

"Even if you are a golden horned beast, you are only sector lord level, you actually dare block me, go and die!" A huge blade appeared in the flame undying’s hands, it burned with powerful flames and with a slash…the universe space was also torn apart, the seams and layers sliced open.

This move was infused with complete flame laws along with some space laws.

Its power was terrifying!

With undying energy backing this move, it was extremely powerful.

Rumble…

The gold claw clashed directly with the flaming blade. However against the right claw, the blade seemed as small as a toothpick.

…

330 times stronger than a normal sector lord pinnacle level strength, even though the world energy was far from its right claw’s power, it was infused within, its power was stronger from that. And with its 10 times amplitude from its comprehension of the beast god howling picture, this terrifying claw attack…

Was the golden horned beast’s strongest move!

And even though that flame undying was a very normal undying, he was still an undying, he’s strength was countless times stronger than a sector lord. A sector lord pinnacle golden horned beast, only very few exceptional ones were comparable to a normal undying, many still choose to flee.

Rumble!

The huge golden horned beast and the flame undying were knocked far apart, the powerful clash caused space around them to tear open, its powerful ripples seeped in through the tears into space itself.

"330 times the strength of a normal sector lord pinnacle, and with the howling beast god picture amplitude, and my law comprehension raised 10 times…plus that little bit of the beast god presence, I actually, actually still cannot defeat a normal undying." Luo Feng was shocked by the difference between a sector lord and undying.

"I, am an undying, I actually cannot defeat a sector lord level golden horned beast?" The flame undying was shocked too.

After which…

Howl, the beast once against rushed.

"Kill!" The flame undying began to grow mad too.

Fierce battle.

The scales on the beast were torn apart as gold blood spewed everywhere.

Waving its right claw, the black armor on the undying was slashed open too, its scales flying everywhere, his layer of red fur was slashed apart, his muscles torn, his gold blood flying about.

Rumble! The beast was knocked hard into the endless bug corpses.

Rumble! The undying too was knocked hard into another pile of corpses.

It was a tough even battle.

One had a 60 million km diameter internal world, with training in the nameless manual along with 100 absorbed blood river crystals, along with other special encounters.

The other was a normal flame undying.

1, had completely comprehended the flame laws and some of the space laws.

1 had comprehended a good half of the gold laws and a part of the space laws, along with the beast god presence, and the howling beast god picture raising its amplitude to 10 times.

Rumble! Rumble!

A golden horned beast and a flame undying, battling within the endless bug corpses, almost every second they would exchange over 100s to 1,000s of blows, fast as lightning, the scales of the beasts were torn apart while the skin and muscles of the flame undying were torn apart too, gold blood spewed in all directions.

"The battle has already lasted 50 seconds." The undying was boiling with rage, "Kasey had said I have to kill Luo Feng in 80 seconds. This human is protected by the Golden horned beast within its internal world, if I don’t kill it, I can't kill him."

"There’s no time!"

The flame undying, as a soul controlled slave was willing to do everything at any price to fulfill his master’s orders.

Xiu!

He rushed again at the beast, the beast roared as it raised its powerful gold right claw again, as the 2 clashed…

"Arghhh…" The undying’s expression was struggling, his red fur shook as he howled, his eyes filled with madness, "Go and die golden horned beast, explode! Explode! Explode! Explode! Explode!"

Rumble…

The space about crumbled as he instantly became a terrifying super fire ball, almost like a new star that was about to explode!

God, self destruct!

The final move!

Complete the mission at all costs!