Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 684: No Evidence

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Wu Long Starfield, the place where remains of corpses, weapons and weapons etc were sorted out well from the outer region wars, lined up organized within space itself. Only the tens of thousands of km area that had just gone through an undying level of catastrophe was in a mess, the organized corpses of the sector lord bugs were strewn about.

A few tens of thousands of km away from Luo Feng, where the round metal observation device was situated, a silhouette appeared.

He was about 10m tall, dressed in a complex peculiar armor that was black and purple, mysterious engravings covered the entire armor, causing it to emanate energy that shook even the space about, the boots he wore…it felt like an endless mountain.

Standing in space, he dominated that area!

"Hm?" He glanced at the broken ball beside him, before gazing in Luo Feng’s direction, muttering, "Energy ripples, it’s a flame undying."

Sou!

Luo Feng who was standing in space looked shocked at the great being that suddenly appeared before him, Luo Feng looked up at him…seeing his dark red eyes behind his peculiar helmet, his soul shuddered within, he couldn’t help but bow respectfully, "Greetings knight!"

After his experience in Primal chaos city, and seeing a few emperor level undyings, he had no doubt that this being that made his soul shudder this way was definitely a knight level being.

"You are Luo Feng?" His voice rumbled in space and within Luo Feng’s consciousness.

"Yes." Luo Feng replied.

"What happened here, say everything in detail." The knight looked at the little punk before him, the security system on Wu Long starfield had given him some information and made him leave immediately, it also gave him Luo Feng and the other 3 internal members’ information.

"Yes knight." Luo Feng said respectfully, "I was here to buy bug corpses, the 2 guides and I were inspecting the conditions on the different units, however just now…we coincidentally met with another internal member, he was in a white robes too, he was called Kasey. The 2 guides that brought me recognized him."

"It is extremely rare to bump into another member within the starfield, hence the 2 guides were very happy to meet and chat with him."

"However!"

"At this time, my AI informed me that it felt surveillance signal in this area vanish." Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, saying solemnly, "And at this time, Kasey suddenly attacked without any provocation, without any defense at such close distance, my 2 guides were instantly killed."

The knight gazed at Luo Feng and listened silently.

Luo Feng was nervous within.

He was very clear he needed to be extremely careful in answering, in Wu Long starfield, such a important location of humanity, the knights about ensured that no one could easily flout the rules of the starfield.

"After which, Kasey attacked me." Luo Feng emphasized, "However since I’ve reached domain lord level and placed outside by the virtual universe company, I knew that I would occasionally encounter danger, naturally I have some trump cards. Within my internal world I bring 10 sector lords as guards and I immediately summoned them back then, also allowing my plant life form cloud contact vine to assist them, dealing with Kasey…"

"It seemed like an easy task to kill him, however!"

"Before he died, he brought out a flame undying from his internal world." Luo Feng said, "I didn’t expect that he’d actually have a flame undying within…this was simply too terrifying!"

The knight listened silently. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

"The moment the flame undying appeared, the 1st thing he did was to kill Kasey, it made me extremely shocked." Luo Feng said, "After killing him, he made a move to kill my 10 sector lord guards, however, he didn’t know… that within my 10 guards, 1 of which was my soul slave, and within his internal world, it held one of my trump cards…

Luo Feng was very clear…

That flame undying’s self destruct would create ripples that left behind traces, it definitely couldn’t be hidden from the knight, even a normal undying would be able to discern it.

How did he actually escape this?

He needed a solid alibi, however it had to be reliable, otherwise, he’d be in trouble.

"Fire god origin crystal?" The knight’s voice exploded within Luo Feng’s mind.

"Yes." Luo Feng said respectfully.

The fire god origin crystal was a technological weapon of the automaton race, as the entire universe’s most technologically advanced place, the automaton race was able to create weapons that could kill undyings, however these weapons were extremely pricey, especially those able to be used over and over, their prices were absurd.

F grade laser gun?

It was said it’s price was over a hundred million mixed units, even emperor level undyings couldn’t necessarily afford it.

Other than these laser gun type single held weapons, there were other bigger weapons like Space fort, God Sacred land, those were terrifying weapons that used in the outer region wars, even emperor level undyings, with their entire fortune, couldn’t afford it. Naturally amongst the undying killing weapons, there were still some cheaper ones.

Those that were for one time usage.

Like the Fire god origin crystal, flame, as the easiest explosive energy, the crystal was one of the easier undying killing weapons to purchase. It was a crystal infused with a large amount of flame undying energy within, an explosive device that made all its energy instantly explode. Similar to a flame undying’s self destruct.

The theory was simple but the technology behind it was extremely high, after all to compress such shocking amounts of flame undying energy into an undying crystal, and condense it even more tens of millions of times to an origin crystal, the technology was absurd.

Version 1,129 type flame god origin crystal, it was more of a low level crystal, it’s strength was only akin to a normal flame undying’s self destruct.

As a 1 time usage item, if one had a pathway to buy it, it’s price was around 1 million to 1.5 million mixed elements.

"My soul controlled slave used the flame god origin crystal, instantly exploding…as I fled the moment my 10 sector lord guards were dealing with the undying…when that crystal exploded, I was already tens of thousands of km away." Luo Feng said respectfully, "The explosion caused the undying to die as well, but I managed to escape."

…

To protect the secret of his golden horned beast, Luo Feng relied on his world projection to instantly collect all of the beast’s broken scales and flesh into his internal world.

After careful consideration.

He crafted an alibi, using the flame god origin crystal to explain everything, using his controlled sector lord slave to trigger the move.

…

Luo Feng stood respectfully there, awaiting the knight’s reply.

"Hm." The night nodded finally, "I will record everything you said and send it to the security system of Wu Long starfield. As for you…the other 5 emperor level undyings will make a decision after discussing."

At this time…

There were ripples in the distant space, in an instant, a universe ship appeared.

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, it was Long Jue emperor’s ship.

Hua!

The cabin door opened, Long Jue Emperor and Dylan became beams of lights as they instantly appeared.

"Knight." Long Jue emperor bowed respectfully.

Dylan bowed too.

"The matter here will be left to you 5 to settle, as for Luo Feng’s explanation and my deduction, it’s already been passed to the AI of Wu Long starfield." The knight said coldly, after which he vanished and instantly teleported from their vision.

In space, Luo Feng stood there with Long Jue emperor and Dylan.

"Your majesty, are you fine?" Dylan asked, he seemed self reprimanding within, "The grandmaster left you to my protection, however…"

"Dylan, this isn’t your fault." Luo Feng shook his head.

Long Jue emperor said, "It’s not Dylan or Luo Feng’s fault, it’s a problem in our Wu Long starfield’s internal division, it looks like there’s some spies of other races mixed in." Normally whenever any absolute genius of humanity was attacked, most would say it was done by spies of the other races, actually there were some times when these geniuses were killed by other humans with grudges etc.

However as long as it wasn’t thoroughly investigated, it would normally be pushed to other races.

"Who made the move?" Long Jue emperor looked at Luo Feng.

"Wu Long starfield internal member Kasey." Luo Feng said.

"Hm." Long Jue emperor nodded, looking about, his formless undying energy expanding out, with a scan of some of the broken bug corpses and surroundings, "There’s quite a bit of cloud contact vine remains…"

"It’s my supporting plant life form." Luo Feng said.

"The losses this time are not small at all."

Long Jue emperor frowned, "We actually lost over 1,000 sector lord bug corpses units, hm, if this battle had happened in the domain lord level corpses area, the losses would be much less. Losing over 1,000 units, this will be troublesome."

"Troublesome?" Luo Feng looked at him.

"Hm."

Long Jue Emperor looked at Luo Feng, nodding, "Right, even though you informed me that someone tried to kill you, however…the 2 guides and the killer Kasey, are all dead! And since that’s so, there’s no evidence! If 1 was still alive, we can search his soul properly for evidence, now there’s nothing left though…if the loss to Wu Long Starfield was small, not 1 million mixed elements, I can easily settle it myself. However since it's all 5 managers handing it. And there’s no evidence, Luo Feng, you may have some trouble."