Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 685: Yan Zhu Emperor

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"His majesty was attacked within Wu Long Starfield and its internal management was useless." Dylan raged, "It’s already lucky that he managed to survive, now there’s trouble? What trouble?"

"Dylan."

Long Jue Emperor frowned.

"Long Jue isn’t too blame." Dylan slightly bowed before getting up, emphasizing, "But the grandmaster arranged for me to protect his majesty, and I trusted Wu Long Starfield’s security, hence I didn’t follow him. However…I only left him for such a short time and he was attacked! The grandmaster had entrusted him to me and yet I failed…"

Long Jue Emperor shook his head, "I’m from the virtual universe company too, naturally I lean towards Luo Feng. However, this is something all 5 managers will decide. Our matters here are highly regulated. A few deals with problems etc, everything is settled by us 5. Only when there are huge matters will the powerful knights have to step in."

Luo Feng and Dylan nodded.

"I’m leaning towards you 2, however the other 4 are from the other leviathans…they may not trust you, the 5 leviathans are after all still competing with each other despite working together." Long Jue emperor, "Please wait a while, the other 4 will immediately be here. Right, amongst the 4 coming, you should be most careful of Yan Zhu emperor."

"Yan Zhu emperor?" Luo Feng was stunned.

"Hm, Yan Zhu emperor is from the huge axe dojo, plus his background is terrifying, hence he managed to become a manager, among us 5, he is the most brutal one, I and the other 4 tend to avoid him." Long Jue Emperor said solemnly, "Hence don’t ever mess with him, otherwise there’d be trouble.

Luo Feng nodded and remembered the name.

Yan Zhu Emperor?

…

Luo Feng and the other 2 chatted in space, tens of thousands of km away the space rippled and a few ships appeared, not even half a minute between their appearances. 4 ships appeared, all top leveled ships, after they all gathered, their cabin doors opened.

Hua! Hua! Hua! Hua!

With the doors opened, large amounts of silhouettes flew out, a total of 100, half of them undyings.

Wu Long starfield forbade any undyings from entering, however under special circumstances, it was possible.

"What’s going on?"

"Look here at this mess."

The 4 managers led their armies over, flying most ahead was a handsome man in an exquisite white robe, this was an extremely dashing and handsome man, not only would women be enticed by him, even men would be moved by his looks, his beauty had reached an extraordinary level.

He had long silver hair, his skin crystal like, almost like the bug clan queen Alina.

His features were perfect.

On his forehead was a dark mysterious engraving, plus his ancient energies, it made others not be able but fall for him.

Such an absolute handsome man, standing there, the other 3 seemed like background figures.

"Follow me." Long Jue emperor communicated to Luo Feng and Dylan.

The 3 went to welcome them.

The 4 managers led their armies and stopped in space, the group gathered silently there.

"Luo Feng, let me introduce you." Long Jue emperor smiled, pointing at the curly haired and green skinned skinny man, "This is the universe 1st bank’s Da Nian emperor."

"Da Nian Emperor." Luo Feng bowed respectfully.

"Luo Feng this was our Wu Long starfield’s internal department’s inefficiency, please be forgiving." Da Nian emperor smiled back.

Long Jue emperor laughed loudly, "Luckily Luo Feng is fine. Luo Feng, this is from the universe galaxy bank, Ceng Yu emperor." This was a humanoid with 4 arms and 4 eyes, his formless energy was ice cold, he only nodded at Luo Feng.

"This is Yin Ge emperor from the universe mercenary alliance." Long Jue emperor said.

Luo Feng looked at Yin Ge emperor, he looked very alike earth humans, only he had more body hair, his eyes were like blades as he smiled at Luo feng and nodded.

"As for this…this is the legendary absolute genius, the one who became an official level emperor the moment he broke through to undying, he…is Yan Zhu emperor!" Long Jue emperor’s voice was louder than before, obviously he was more passionate in introducing Yan Zhu emperor.

"Yan Zhu emperor." Luo Feng bowed respectfully.

My god.

How could there be such an absolutely perfect man, he was the most perfect out of all the men and women Luo feng had ever seen! Even Fantasy spirit emperor had her charm, and the bug clan queen, that level of life form, they couldn’t compare to his man before him, the engraving on his forehead gave off an ancient energy that made others want to get closer to him.

He extended his white jade like finger and rubbed his chin, gazing at Luo Feng, "Luo Feng, True Yan’s disciple? I’ve heard of him."

Luo Feng listened respectfully.

"No one knows exactly what happened here." Yan Zhu emperor’s voice was gentle, it swayed the hearts of people, "I’ve seen the report of what the knight before had submitted to the system, we can only confirm…that the final blow was from a flame undying’s explosion!"

"But what exactly is the truth?"

Yan Zhu emperor shook his head, "The 3 internal members are all dead."

Luo Feng felt a knot in his heart.

"Yan Zhu emperor." Long Jue emperor laughed loudly, "The matter is simple, Luo Feng is an absolute genius of our virtual universe company, he’s one of the top ten to be assassinated amongst the other clans. This assassination…for him to survive, at least I can answer to the upper echelon of the company."

Yan Zhu emperor glanced at him, "Long Jue emperor, we don’t answer to only the virtual universe company, but to all 5 leviathans!"

"This matter has 3 dead internal members!"

Yan Zhu emperor’s eyes gleamed coldly as he pointed at Luo Feng, "Luo Feng said it was the internal member that tried to kill him, however all 3 are dead without any evidence. This could totally be constructed by him!"

"He said others tried to assassinate him!"

"However!"

"Maybe he had long planned to instantly kill 3 members and take away large amounts of units of the sector lord bug corpses!" Yan Zhu smiled coldly, "It’s a huge sum worth over 10 million mixed elements, enough to make a domain lord take the risk, and he’s using his absolute genius identity as protection, naturally thinking there would be no losses."

Luo Feng’s expression changed.

"Yan Zhu emperor." Luo Feng spoke.

"Shut up, I’m speaking with Long Jue emperor, don’t speak when I don’t allow you to." Yan Zhu emperor frowned, glancing at Luo Feng with disdain.

Luo Feng stood there, raging within, however he remained calm and didn’t say anything.

"Yan Zhu emperor, "Long Jue emperor frowned, "There’s no need…"

"There is!"

He said seriously, "This matter is very serious, firstly our Wu Long starfield has lost over 10 million in mixed elements, and it involves an assassination plot, and the final explosion…had power akin to a normal flame undying. No matter, we have to investigate it thoroughly!"

"Whether if there’s a loophole or spy within our Wu Long starfield, or Luo Feng coming up with this entire ploy, we have to know the truth!" Yan Zhu emperor looked at the other managers, "Everybody speak."

Da Nian Emperor, Ceng Yu emperor, Yin Ge emperor, everyone exchanged glances.

"Yan Zhu is right, this matter is very serious and we have to investigate well." Da Nian emperor nodded.

"Hm." Ceng Yu nodded.

"We cannot let Luo Feng be maligned too." Yin Ge said indifferently.

"But of course!"

Yan Zhu nodded, turning to Luo Feng, "Luo Feng, I’ll question you now."

"Yes." Luo Feng replied respectfully.

Beside him however Long Jue emperor looked worried, communicating to Luo Feng, "Luo Feng, don’t mess with this Yan Zhu emperor, as much as possible just look down and bear with it." Dylan too communicated to him anxiously, "Your majesty, I’m currently informing the grandmaster of this incident, once he shows himself, this matter will definitely be solved."

Hearing Dylan and Long Jue’s emperor’s words, Luo Feng felt more steady within.

"Let me ask you." Yan Zhu emperor looked at Luo Feng, "Was what you said with the knight before all true?"

"Yes." Luo Feng said.

"Do you dare release your soul’s protection, without resistance, and let me search to see the truth? You can relax, I will definitely not harm you soul at all." Yan Zhu emperor continued.

"No."

Luo Feng frowned and said respectfully, "Searching one’s soul means one has to completely release all protection, allowing others to dig deep and search, the moment he’s not careful, memories may be destroyed. And once one loses his memories, he’ll become an idiot and his soul may crumble and die!"

"Do you not trust my ability?" Yan Zhu looked at him.

"Yan Zhu emperor." Luo Feng said, "It’s not that I don’t trust you, but I do not dare gamble like that, I Luo Feng…do not like placing my fate in other people’s hands."

Even if Luo Feng didn’t have any secrets within, he wouldn’t dare do this, if Yan Zhu emperor had ulterior motives…slightly destroying something, making him become an idiot. After that Yan Zhu could easily say he was simply careless, even if he was punished, Luo Feng would be an idiot by then.

What’s more…

Luo Feng had many secrets within, he couldn’t let others search his soul.

"Yan Zhu emperor, everybody has their own secrets, no one would simply bare theirs open. What’s more, he’s a genius of our virtual universe network, how could we allow such a dangerous thing to happen?" Long Jue emperor frowned, "If it were those normal internal members it would be fine, but such a genius…one that humanity regards as a true treasure, no one would allow it."

"Ok."

Yan Zhu nodded coldly, "Since you cannot accept a soul search, then let me ask you, you told the knight before…you let your soul slave use the Flame god origin crystal to explode and kill that flame undying. Then let me ask you…where did you buy this flame god origin crystal? Does the universe 1st or galaxy bank have any records to prove it?"

"No proof." Luo Feng shook his head.

"You can't even show proof for this." Yan Zhu looked at him, "Your words are all fabricated without any proof, how do you expect us 5 to believe you?" L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Luo Feng frowned and said, "Yan Zhu emperor, one doesn’t necessarily need to buy a treasure to have it."

"For example!"

Luo Feng flipped his hand and brandished the e9 laser gun.

"Can you check where I got this e9 laser gun?" Luo Feng looked at him, "Can you find any proof of purchase? No, I have no proof either, and you’ll never find any pathway of purchase, yet I still have it!"

Luo Feng flipped his hand again and took out the purple 100 net leaf!

"Yan Zhu emperor, do you have any proof of my purchase of this 100 purple net leaf, or transaction records?"

The leaf was priced at about 2 million mixed elements or so.

Flame god origin crystal, the low leveled one was priced about 1 million to 1.5 million mixed elements.

The e9 laser gun (0.1 second preparation, special level) priced at 0.5 - 1 million mixed elements.

"There’s no proof at all."

"Yet I still have the 100 purple net leaf, the e9 laser gun." Luo Feng looked at him, "Similarly, I had the flame god origin crystal!"