Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 687: Shi Huo Knight

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Drizzle palace, it was originally a hall for someone to train in, it slowly became a frequently used placed as a lockup, the entire drizzle palace was 100 m tall, it’s length and width was also several hundred meters, it was completely empty within.

Luo Feng sat crossed legged within.

"Your majesty, I’m outside." Dylan’s undying energy passed through the halls as he communicated, "This matter, that Yan Zhu emperor is too much, he purely seeks to cause trouble for you. They have their own problems in their internal department and yet they find fault with you, don’t worry, it will be solved very quickly."

"No problem." Luo Feng sat crossed legged and smiled, "Just a small setback, it doesn’t mean anything."

Suddenly Luo Feng looked down at his wrist communicator, he had received a call request.

"Hm? Teacher?" He immediately connected his consciousness to the virtual universe.

Virtual universe Yu Xiang mountain, Primal region, Luo Feng’s villa.

A gold armored apeman True Yan emperor was sitting in the hall, Luo Feng suddenly appeared and flew straight in, bowing respectfully, "Greetings teacher."

"Sit." True Yan smiled and looked at him.

Luo Feng sat.

"I already know about your matter, and I’ve also checked through the records of Wu Long Starfield." True Yan looked at Luo Feng, "Was whatever you told the knight true? That Kasey had indeed attacked you and there was a flame undying after that?"

"Yes."

Luo Feng said respectfully, "As for what I told the knight, the core is true, some smaller details, I don’t wish to reveal."

The core was indeed all facts.

Luo Feng’s story about defending against Kasey was that of the 10 sector lords, however he had relied on his own void pagoda soul defense! He relied on the golden horned beast to kill the undying, not the flame god origin crystal!

In all, the core was true.

Anything that involved the important secrets, he lied slightly.

"Hm." True Yan nodded, not asking anymore, as an ancient being that had been around for trillions of years, he was very clear that any absolute genius that could survive in the vast universe all had their own special secrets. He was also very clear that this particular disciple of his had quite a few.

The demon note inheritance was one, and before that, he had already guessed…that Luo Feng had others.

However, everyone had their own secrets.

True Yan couldn’t possibly get everything out from his disciple, he just needed to confirm…that whatever he did, he didn’t go overboard. That way, he wouldn’t bother about everything else.

"Since you say that this was an assassination attempt, then there’s no problem here." True Yan smiled had a sense of pride, "No matter what, you are still a genius of the virtual universe company, no matter how tyrannical that Yan Zhu is, he doesn’t have the right to determine the fate of our members."

Luo Feng let out a sigh of relief.

"Tell me your exact conversation with Yan Zhu." True Yan said.

"Yes teacher."

Luo Feng immediately repeated the entire story to him.

True Yan immediately laughed when he heard, "Haha, you sure know how to throw in names, throwing in 9 blade knight is good enough, after all when you become undying, you will become his underling. You even used Tian Shi palace’s leader’s name…hahaha, hearing his name, that Yan Zhu must have been very shocked."

"Is the leader that powerful?" Luo Feng asked seriously, "Stronger than even 9 blade knight?"

"Tian Shi Palace leader, he rules over the that palace and dominates over blood river world for trillions of years." True Yan’s eyes had a gleam of respect, "That is much stronger than any universe country leader or knight, he’s the true upper echelon of the virtual universe company. You were extremely lucky when he gave you some guidance back then."

Luo Feng was shocked.

His teacher's words confirmed that Tian Shi palace leader’s position was amazing.

"Right, teacher, why did that Yan Zhu emperor target me." Luo Feng asked suspiciously, I’ve never seen him before."

"It’s my fault."

True Yan’s eyes had a glimpse of disdain, he mocked, "That Yan Zhu, in terms of comprehension, aptitude, talent, everything is actually average. If no one gave him guidance, if he trained on his own, even becoming a sector lord would have been extremely hard. However he has a very powerful father, a true genius of the huge axe dojo, he is also currently Shi Huo knight of the dojo." VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"Shi Huo Knight?" Luo Feng was stunned.

"Hm."

True Yan exclaimed, "That is a true absolute genius, not even weaker than the Ke Di I mentioned before. Sector lord pinnacle, he could kill official level undyings, after he broke through…he immediately became an emperor level undying, and tens of thousands of years after, he became a knight."

Luo Feng was shocked.

"Shi Huo knight only had 1 son, you could say he spent endless resources and energy." True Yan exclaimed, "To make his son Yan Zhu stay in the sector lord level, making him take his time there and not breakthrough, he stayed there for a total of over 9 million years."

Luo Feng was shocked, Long Jue emperor had said Yan Zhu was a genius before, becoming an official level undying straight after breaking through, however now after hearing this…he actually stayed in the sector lord level for over 9 million years.

Human sector lords only had life span of 1,000 eras.

"Terrifyingly valuable treasures, even treasures that knights would go mad for, Shi Huo knight didn’t even use them himself, he gave all of them to his son." True Yan said.

"What?" Luo Feng was shocked.

"Did you see the mysterious engraving on Yan Zhu’s forehead, that’s the mark of that treasure." True Yan exclaimed.

Luo Feng immediately recalled his first meeting with Yan Zhu, seeing that mysterious engraving on his forehead…it had indeed given off an ancient energy.

"Endless resources and treasures, along with treasure that even knights would go mad for, they were all used on this sector lord back then." True Yan exclaimed, "Just his body alone, it was raised to perfection from his father’s treasures. Hence he’s that beautiful, training for 9 million years at sector lord level along with countless treasures, how could he not be strong?"

"Becoming official pinnacle straight after breaking through, that’s completely average."

True Yan shook his head, "Even normal undyings, with those treasures would immediately reach official pinnacle."

"Ah." Luo Feng was shocked.

From this…

That Yan Zhu wasn’t a genius at all.

"He simply had an absolute genius and incredibly powerful father." True Yan mocked, "As for himself, he’s purely a petty spoilt brat that had been pampered too much by his father, he’s always jealous of true geniuses, that’s why back then when I rose up, he battled me. However I taught him a good lesson. I didn’t care about anything else."

Luo Feng laughed.

"He kept losing when he challenged me. I couldn’t do anything about it, every time we fought, he would lose, hence we became enemies." True Yan shook his head, "And with his petty character, it wouldn’t be strange if he sought trouble with you. 1, you are a genius too. 2, he hates me to the bone, however he can’t do anything to me, hence he would naturally take it out on the disciple I favor. I actually already saved him some humiliation, there were several losses that I didn’t even announce, mainly not to get on his father’s bad side. His father…is a true formidable person. Over a trillion years, yet his power is still unfathomable, his position in the huge axe dojo is extremely high."

Luo Feng nodded.

Not even taking 10,000 years to become emperor level undying, tens of thousands of years to become a knight, over a trillion years…his power would definitely be even more shocking.

"No wonder he’s that tyrannical, no wonder Long Jue emperor and the others, all with their own backgrounds kept empowering him." Luo Feng thought, "It’s purely because of his powerful father that forced him to emperor level, his father must have paid a hefty price. Not even using the treasure for himself but on his son."

"You have to bear with this matter for now." True Yan smiled, "No matter how strong that Shi Huo knight is…he is still from the huge axe dojo. If their people can so blatantly bully our virtual universe company people, our company will definitely not back down."

Luo Feng nodded.

This involved exchanges between the 2 leviathans.

"No matter how unwilling that Yan Zhu is, he will still have to let you go." True Yan said, "However you have to wait…until the upper echelon says so."

Luo Feng understood that Yan Zhu emperor had Shi Huo knight behind him.

His teacher True Yan emperor was but a being close to becoming a knight, compared to that Shi Huo knight that had been in training for trillions of years, their positions were on completely different levels, this matter…his teacher’s appearance alone would probably not be enough. Afterall Yan Zhu hated True Yan to the bone, he definitely wouldn’t show him any respect.

…

Wu Long Starfield, within a majestic palace.

"True Yan’s disciple actually dared to act out before me!" The beautiful looking Yan Zhu’s face was twitching, his eyes burning with hate, recalling his many exchanges with True Yan before, True Yan was arrogant and aggressive not afraid of anything, Shi Huo knight’s son was still stepped on by him!

Yan Zhu Emperor must have had it bad back then.

After being humiliated, if True Yan didn’t think about Shi Huo knight, he would probably have just killed Yan Zhu back then.

"Hmph."

"True Yan emperor?"

"I didn’t expect your disciple to be as arrogant as you, you 2 are completely alike. Never mind…your disciple has already been put on the list here, even if he escapes this time, there’ll be time to deal with him in the future." Yan Zhu’s eyes gleamed coldly.

After living for so many years, other than his father’s punishments, no other person had dared humiliate him like that.

Back when he was trampled, he was driven mad, even howling to his father before…"Kill True Yan, kill him, if he doesn’t die, I’ll die! As long as he’s there, I cannot exist!"

His father Shi Huo knight’s reply was…

Throwing his son into the 9th starfield hell, for a total of 1,000 years, he was much better when he returned, even though he was still as petty and ruthless, it was not as unbridled as before.