Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 688: Knowing Oneself

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

On the day Luo Feng was locked up, within virtual universe’s thunder island, in a completely black palace that gave off a terrifying aura.

Beneath the palace.

Long Jue emperor knelt respectfully there, his head on the ground itself.

"Shi Huo’s son keeps picking trouble with True Yan." A thick powerful voice resounded throughout the endless palace, there were crackling noises, "However he’s stupid to find trouble with Luo feng, he is afterall one of the top 10 seedlings recognized from the other geniuses, to make him suffer without any evidence etc from this matter, that’s a joke."

In the throne above, an ugly life form covered completely in black scaled armor with a pair of horns on his head, this tall and sturdy scaled life form sat there, his right claw terrifyingly sharp, he casually brushed the armrest, creating the ear piercing sound. He gave off a formless pressure that emanated throughout.

It made people shudder from within!

It made people fear him!

His finger casually scratching of the rest, he ordered, "Give the order, release Luo Feng."

"Yes." Long Jue emperor knelt there, not looking up at all.

Sou!

He instantly vanished from the virtual universe.

…

Wu Long starfield, the majestic castle in which Yan Zhu emperor stayed in welcomed a guest…Long Jue emperor.

"Tian, why are you here?" The beautiful Yan Zhu emperor was lying in a chair of the 9th floor, beside him 2 beautiful and sexy fantasy spirit ladies were giving him a massage, he sat in a spot where he could see out into the endless space outside, even to the distant endless amounts of floating goods.

"Yan Zhu emperor."

Long Jue emperor walked over and said seriously, "The top has given the orders to release Luo Feng."

"Top, which top?" Yan Zhu looked up and glanced at him.

"My direct superior, You Mo knight." Long Jue emperor said.

Yan Zhu’s eyes twitched when he heard the name, the universe was vast, every universe country leader and knight were still few in numbers, it took extremely long periods of time for one to be born or produced…there were only those few, and amongst them, there were differences in rankings and position.

If one said Tian Shi palace’s leader was a legend, staying within Tian Shi palace, not making a move for trillions of years.

Relying solely on his name to dominate.

Then You Mo knight was a bloody legend. His name was completely built on slaughter and killing, even his terrifying body wasn’t natural, it changed after his self created technique morphed it into the best killing construct. He was definitely known within the virtual universe company as a god of death.

"I know what to do." Yan Zhu emperor frowned.

"Yan Zhu emperor." Long Jue smiled, waving his hand for the 2 fantasy spirit ladies to leave.

Yan Zhu looked at him.

Long Jue emperor smiled, "We have been together for endless periods of times, I’ve hardly ever overstepped you. However…this Luo Feng is afterall one of the heavily favored geniuses from this generation within our virtual universe company, we only lost 10 million mixed elements, this small lose would definitely never equate to the loss of an absolute genius."

"Thanks." Yan Zhu emperor’s eyes gleamed.

He could hear it.

Long Jue emperor was hinting at him…Luo Feng was one of the exceptional geniuses of this batch of geniuses (Referring to all the geniuses in Yu Xiang Mountain currently), without any guarantee, it was best not to mess with him. Otherwise it would enrage the upper echelon of the virtual universe company.

"Haha, then I’ll be leaving." Long Jue emperor smiled and left.

Yan Zhu got up personally and sent him off.

…

After awhile, Yan Zhu returned to that stone throne draped with the Devil clan royalty’s 9 mist beast skin, he lay in the soft skin and closed his eyes.

"This Long Jue emperor sure is scheming, he plays the good guy on both sides." He muttered to himself. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

The 5 managers all represented the 5 leviathans.

The moment a deal exceeded 1 million mixed elements, the 5 would have to audit it together. Over the long periods of time, naturally they formed their own understanding.

Like Yan Zhu emperor’s strength, made the others give him some leeway.

Normally they wouldn’t mess with him.

Like the smaller deals.

Or to deal with some punks.

Against Luo Feng however, Long Jue emperor had a bottom line…like if Yan Zhu insisted on sending him to the 1st starfield jail hell, he would definitely not agree to it. However as long as Yan Zhu didn’t cross that line, Long Jue would naturally let certain things slide. No matter what, his relationship with Luo Feng was shallow, he would allow Yan Zhu to do anything as long as it didn’t go over board.

However the moment a big deal was involved, no one would go soft!

Anything involving the leviathans’ reputation, then these were things they wouldn’t back off on!

The small matter of locking Luo Feng was but a little ruckus.

"It’s a pity I didn’t find any proof." Yan Zhu’s eyes gleamed fiercely, "If I could falsify evidence to show it was Luo Feng’s ploy, that he killed those guards and stole up to 10 million mixed elements worth of bug corpses…then it’d be over for him, the proud disciple would be killed, True Yan would definitely be enraged."

"Hehe."

"True Yan, don’t be too proud now."

His expression warped slightly, "I have patience, I will definitely make you suffer, and kill you! As long as I accomplish this…I’m willing to die for it!" His eyes gleamed madly, people had always let him get his way, with his father’s presence, even the powerful beings were friendly to him, this way of life had spanned over tens of millions of years, it was ingrained within him.

Until he met True Yan emperor!

The violent and intrepid True Yan! The one that never submitted to anybody!

His greatest blow, standing up over and over and yet being defeated time and again, even being trampled on, it had caused him to descend into madness, back then he even howled to his father those words…"Kill True Yan, kill him, if he’s not dead, I will die! I cannot live when he’s alive!"

However his father Shi Huo knight simply sent him to the 9th starfield jail hell.

A nightmare for 1,000 years.

Within the jail hell for 1,000 years, many blows were much worse than what True Yan had dealt to him, it was simply like hell. However those blows…made him hate True Yan even more, he believed that everything was because of True Yan, the source was him!

When he came out of the prison, he had become more steady, however deep within he still madly believed in his one target.

"Make True Yan suffer, kill him!"

"I want to make him feel fear, regret and suffer because of me."

"If I accomplish it."

"I’ll die with no regrets!"

…

"Wei Ni En." Yan Zhu emperor lay in his throne and said softly.

A demonic silhouette appeared.

"Master." The silhouette bowed.

"Head to Luo Feng’s home…earth." Yan Zhu ordered, "You don’t need to do anything, just hide one of my undying crystals there, leave now."

"Yes master." The demonic figure replied respectfully.

Weng…

Jade green lights engulfed the area and the space rippled.

Sou!

A space pathway instantly appeared and vanished, the demonic figure had left Wu Long starfield via her god country teleportation.

"True Yan emperor, I’m an undying, I have time, let’s take it slow." He smiled a perfect smile.

Drizzle palace.

Luo Feng sat crossed legged within, his consciousness within his internal world.

…

Within the vast internal world, the black clothed Luo Feng was floating above the endless sea.

"Bug clan island, form!"

Black clothed Luo Feng pointed down at the endless ocean, immediately the waters began to churn and howl, with crackling noises, they split apart and pure world energy gathered, 100,000 km area of sea had become endless world energy, after which they came together to form continuous rock.

The endless world energy in the air poured in.

In an instant.

An island with a diameter of 100,000 km was formed, there was mud, grass, mountains, canyons, rivers etc, it was a very normal continent world.

"Alina, from today on, you’ll live here." The black clothed Luo Feng ordered, wielding a world ring, Alina was within, transferring her from the center continent to this new island.

"Yes master."

The queen Alina and the mother nest landed simultaneously in the island.

"These are 300 sector lord bug can units, from what I estimate, you should be able to produce 3 million tiger armored bug soldiers." He said, retrieving large amounts of bug corpses from his world, even within his internal world, Luo Feng couldn’t teleport, unable to instantly bring her from the center continent over, he had to use a storage device to bring her over.

"300 units?" Alina was curious.

"Every sector lord bug corpse unit is made of 100,000 sector lord pinnacle bug corpses." Luo Feng explained, the large amount of corpses piled up beside, it became a mountain formed from 30 million sector lord pinnacle bug corpses.

"Wow."

The queen’s eyes gleamed, she was getting excited.

"How’s your speed in producing sector lord pinnacle tiger armored bugs?" Luo Feng asked.

"I can produce 10 a day." She said, "Every sector lord pinnacle bug has incredible amounts of energy, hence the speed is slow. If it were creating star level bugs, I can produce them infinitely from the caves in my mother nest."

"10 a day? Over 3,000 a year. It’ll take 300 years to produce a million sector lord army, hm, anyway my training will take long." Luo Feng nodded, "Then you should begin now."

"Yes master." The queen Alina was obviously very excited with anticipation.

Sou!

She flew within the mother nest, after which that over 800m tall round ball floated into the sky, diving into the mountain of corpses.

It began producing…

The black clothed Luo Feng watched on silently.

After a little over 2 hours, the mountain of corpses slightly shook, and a malevolent bug over 10 storeys tall climbed out, it was covered in incredibly thick armor, powerful and intrepid, this sector lord pinnacle tiger armored bug jumped down when it saw Luo Feng, with a rumble it landed on the ground, it was extremely respectful before Luo Feng.

"The 1st tiger armored bug…" Luo Feng’s eyes were filled with glee.

"Million sector lord army!"

Luo Feng seemed like he was staring at endless amounts of sector lord tiger armored bugs, his blood boiled within as he anticipated excitedly.

As for acquiring the corpses from Wu Long starfield’s debris, Luo Feng didn’t feel any sense of regret from that. When one reached a level of mental stability as Luo Feng’s, one would see everything clearly, as for knowing oneself, he saw through the mess, he wouldn’t deceive himself.

Heart like a mirror, seeing clearly through the mud.

Knowing oneself and staying true!

Luo Feng was clear on himself, ever since he left earth to explore the universe, as the strongest of earth, especially with all the deception in the universe, seeing ancient families get destroyed, entire planets enslaved, even the gold horn race being subservient, their unwillingness and unhappiness from deep within their bones.

Luo Feng felt a sense of danger!

"I have to get strong!"

"I have to give my all, fighting for my root, if the root dies, how can the leaves survive?"

Back then when Luo Feng decided to sacrifice himself with the golden horned beast, he had already taken earth to be his root, maybe he was strong and had far exceeded the entire earth. However his root was earth…if the earth were to perish one day, with all his comrades dying, what would be the meaning in his life of solitude after?

Luo Feng knew himself…

Back when he immolated his soul to fight the golden horned beast, he knew it already.

He had to be a guard!

He had to protect his home, his root…earth!

"Progress, never ending progress."

"I need to keep getting stronger, I will give my all." His eyes were like blades, solid and piercing.

The path to becoming strong may result in many situations, like the assassination attempt from the bug clan assassin…that flame undying self destructing and destroying large amounts of bug corpses, under such circumstances, Luo Feng easily made the decision to grab away 300 units of bug corpses, it probably had no effect whatsoever to the entire Wu Long starfield, however to his growth, it was a huge benefit, and it didn’t harm anybody…why not?

Anything that harmed others, he would rarely do.

However if it involved the survival of earth, even if it meant a few innocent lives, he would slaughter without hesitation.

He knew his own heart, doing things without hesitation, straight to the point!

Taking away those bug corpses.

Slaughtering, so what?

Knowing oneself, staying true to it.

Only with a steady heart, not affected by outside influence, whether it was to become a slaughtering demon, or a perfect kind person, or an evil person, as long as one was true to his heart, he would go far in his training! And even so, this path was still filled with dangers, like how Luo Feng almost died this time.

"Pa! Pa! Pa!"

There was knocking on the palace’s door.

"Luo Feng, you can come out." Long Jue Emperor’s voice resounded.

Luo Feng who was sitting crossed legged within Drizzle Palace opened his eyes, they gleamed with glee within.