Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 690: Searching for Treasure in Rubbish Mountain

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"I understand." Luo Feng nodded his head seriously.

Bug clan?

He didn’t expect to acquire the mother nest and after be targeted by the bug clan themselves, of course the 2 had no relation at all.

"No matter who it is or wants me dead, they can keep dreaming. Even if I die, I’ll make sure I hit them hard before I do." Luo Feng swiftly pondered on the best ways to deal with the bug clan assassination attempts, his quantum computer calculation speeds allowed him to think of countless possibilities.

For example allowing the mosha clansman to carry the main core and stay in a safe place while the earth body explores…this seemed like the safest way, however he crossed this out immediately. If his earth body were to be killed one time, many would think that he was actually dead…the virtual universe company would know this too.

And if such a thing happened and he created yet another earth body.

Another Luo Feng would appear!

Even an idiot would know…there was something up with Luo Feng! A domain lord could never have an undying body.

Only if I keep the main core with me will I be able to deal with such a situation. However that has its dangers as well." Luo Feng pondered.

After pondering for 3 seconds.

Luo Feng already came up with his answer, it was the best he could think of at the moment.

"Hm, just like that." Luo Feng nodded.

…

After chatting with Long Jue emperor for a while, Long Jue returned to his own room. After all, the 2 white robed guides required about 3 days of time to collect the 100 units of bug corpses, Luo Feng and Long Jue naturally wouldn’t be chatting around for all 3 days, they returned to their rooms to rest.

Within the room.

Luo Feng sat in a chair and sent a thread of his consciousness into the virtual universe network.

Yu Xiang Mountain Primal region, Luo Feng’s study.

He sat before his desk and looked at the laptop, entering the treasure trove folder and the screen displayed, techniques, weapons, treasures, technological weapons, materials, tools, life forms and other special things, 8 categories, Luo Feng immediately opened the treasures folder.

He quickly found "A world."

World villa, 0.02-0.1 mixed elements.

World house, 0.1-0.3 mixed elements.

World Belt 0.3-3 mixed elements.

World ring, 0.5-10 mixed elements.

…

The different types all had specific details, these were items with worlds within them, the larger their size, the cheaper they were. Just like Luo Feng’s 1st examination from the universe mercenary alliance, he entered that world within that villa, the entire world was within that villa.

To compress an entire world, naturally the smaller one had to compress it, the harder it got!

A belt able to hold an entire world within.

If one wanted to put an entire world into a ring, then the materials used…had to far exceed that of the belt.

Hence…

The cost of creating a world wasn’t exactly very high, sector lords and above could all do it. The only thing was the size. To create a world ring however, this was the most expensive. Even the cheapest within the virtual universe company’s treasure trove was 0.5 mixed elements.

0.5-10 mixed elements, this represented the different space within.

The smallest was a world with an area of 10k km.

The largest was 1 hundred million km.

And the ring he was given in Wu Long starfield was 100k km in area, the price of that ring was about 1 mixed element, to the clients that paid up to 1 million mixed elements, giving a world ring was nothing. As for rubbish mountain…it was too much to handle.

However.

The prices of the world rings was many times more than a space ring. Because the space rings, almost all universe levels had them, even star levels had them.

However!

A sector lord pinnacle warrior would on average have a fortune of about 10 mixed elements, normally they would spend half of it on training, weapons, armor, techniques and part of it on a ship, for them to spend 10% of that on a world ring was impossible, they’d rather use their own internal world, creating a world house within, when they become undying, they can then use more valuable materials and absorb that house into a world ring.

Hence…

Under undying level, very few actually use world rings, unless they had huge backgrounds or wealth.

"Purchase world ring."

"f10 model, 1 hundred million km wide and high." Luo Feng swiftly ordered.

The primal region members had a 30% discount, they only needed to pay 7 mixed elements.

"Your majesty Luo Feng, your location is confirmed to be on Wu Long starfield, we will send it there immediately." A gentle lady’s voice resounded.

"No need at the moment, when I request for you to send it, you can do it then." Luo Feng ordered.

"Yes your majesty Luo Feng."

Closing the laptop, he revealed a smile.

With the extra large world ring, when he left the storage area of Wu Long starfield and acquired it, his plan could begin.

"Bug clan?"

"Want to kill me? Hmph…I’d rather hibernate for a million years than follow the steps of those geniuses!" Luo Feng thought, the percentage of geniuses falling was very high, one was because this path to become strong was in itself very dangerous, secondly, geniuses were envied, with other clans trying to kill them, any power within each race would face dangers.

After this incident, Luo Feng was even more cautious.

…

On the 4th day after the 2 white robed guides went to search for bug clan corpses, they finally returned.

The cabin door of the ship opened.

"Lord." The 2 stood in space and bowed respectfully at Long Jue emperor.

"You’ve brought them?" Long Jue looked at them.

"Yes lord." The 2 instantly retrieved all the corpses they had searched for, the empty space beside suddenly had 2 corpse mountains, both 10km tall.

Luo Feng looked at the 2 mountains floating there, nodding his head. After which he absorbed them into this internal world, as the action of absorbing into his world ring and internal world was exactly the same, triggering world ripples.

Hence back then he had placed the mother nest into his internal world and now the mountains of bug corpses.

"Luo Feng, with the corpses in hand, there’s no more problem, these are the 100 units you’ve chosen." Long Jue smiled at Luo Feng.

"Haha, of course there’s no problem." Luo Feng nodded and smiled.

As for the other 100 metal cards, he had already returned them to Long Jue emperor.

"With the corpses in hand, do you want to head to rubbish mountain to search for treasures?" Long Jue looked at Luo Feng, actually, he accompanied Luo Feng only out of habit and courtesy, he wouldn’t offend anyone with any power, these past few days meant little to him. However if Luo Feng decided to go search for treasures…

That would take much longer.

Luo Feng naturally saw through Long Jue’s intentions, smiling, "It’s rare that I come here, and with the world ring you gave me, I definitely have to go search for treasures at rubbish mountain. However Long Jue emperor, you’ve already accompanied me enough these past few days. Your 2 guides will suffice for when I go search for treasures."

"Hm, that’s good." Long Jue emperor nodded without any hesitation. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

"You 2 follow Luo Feng, remember, the moment you discover any one else close by on the map, immediately get away. No one is to get close to you all." Long Jue emperor emphasized.

"Yes Lord." The 2 complied.

"Then I’ll be leaving, I wish you the best of luck in getting a heavenly treasure." Long Jue laughed loudly, "The attack from before, luck is just like that, good luck will come after the bad, after being attacked in Wu Long Starfield, this was an incident that hasn’t happened in the past hundred million years. It’s chances are even much lower than acquiring treasure in rubbish mountain."

Luo Feng said so too, "If even an attack can happen, looks like getting a treasure is possible."

"Haha, then I’ll be leaving."

Long Jue emperor nodded, after which he sat in his ship and swiftly became a beam of light amongst the distant space pathways.

The 2 white robed guides stood beside Luo Feng respectfully, one of them said, "Your majesty, there are rubbish mountains all throughout Wu Long starfield, where will you begin your search?"

"Let’s go through universe travel and randomly pick a spot." Luo Feng shook his head and smiled, "This place where I just got attacked probably is my bad luck region."

…

Sitting in the ship, Luo Feng then randomly picked a spot, after travelling awhile, they found a couple of rubbish mountains.

Without going there, he wouldn’t have known. Luo Feng got a shock as he entered the mountains, it was filled with worthless remains, of course even though they were considered worthless, they were still worth a lot more than the diamonds of earth, these were still remains of the outer region wars.

However even if it filled the entire 100k area world ring, it probably wouldn’t even be worth 0.1 mixed elements.

0.1 mixed elements was after all able to buy a normal galaxy.

"Treasure hunt, it all depends on luck."

"Let’s go, universe travel."

…

Luo Feng was in a good mood, almost like he wasn’t at all affected by the assassination or Yan Zhu emperor before, this was also a display of his mental state training.

…

"To the nearest stop point." Luo Feng ordered.

"Yes your majesty Luo Feng."

The 2 white robed guides complied, the ship immediately returned to the actual universe, the surrounding region was mostly empty, in the distance was endless goods, amongst them there would occasionally be majestic mountains of rubbish, their size towered over the goods.

"Hm?" Luo Feng frowned.

He could feel a faint calling from somewhere, it entered his entire body, every cell within began to boil!

"What’s going on?" Luo Feng gazed into the distance.

In that direction, it felt like there was a magnetic field acting on his body.