Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 692: Soldier

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"Who knows how long these fragments have been left thrown aside in rubbish mountains." Luo Feng looked at the black fragments, "Yet it was able to call out to me, if it isn’t because of me being from earth, it would probably be because of the nameless manual."

He had thoroughly considered his situation. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

There were only 2 things special that were different from the other humans that have come to Wu Long starfield, without a doubt, 1 was because he was from earth. The 2nd was the mysterious metal board that held techniques within, its words within from the Flame god race. It was a powerful race independent of humanity in the universe.

As it was a different race, they could naturally have their own training system, armor etc, and one may have to be trained in the nameless manual to be able to use it.

"These are all guesses, I need to test it to verify." The cloud contact vine spread over Luo Feng’s body, forming a green armor, he forced out both the black and silver fragments and kept them in his internal world.

…

Flying out of the rubbish mountain, he floated in space and focused on his sensing abilities, seeing if there are any other hints of the fragments calling out to him.

"Hm, there are?" Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, looking in another direction and smiling, "My guess was right, these fragments were probably shipped here after an ancient race war from long ago. And as the machines cannot detect their special qualities, and the one’s scanning them would deem them as worthless metals, hence they were placed in rubbish mountain. As there are many rubbish mountains, they could be scattered all over."

There was a very weak feeling from the left side.

"Your majesty Luo Feng."

The 2 guides saw Luo Feng coming over, they bowed respectfully.

"Let’s go." Luo Feng said.

"Where to, to the nearest rest top to universe travel, or to continue looking for rubbish mountains?" The 2 guides looked at him, they were most afraid of going on a pointless short trip, the flight back would take ten over days along with universe travel…it was better to continue searching around from nearby rubbish mountains.

That was easiest for the 2 of them.

"Continue looking for rubbish mountains." Luo Feng said.

"Yes." The 2 were gleeful.

"Head in that direction." Luo Feng pointed after determining the calling.

The 2 immediately released their world energy and brought Luo Feng there.

…

After progressing about 3 to 4 days, they realized their joy was short lived, this Luo Feng was extremely hard to please, they flew past many rubbish mountains and yet he didn’t even glance at them, they could only keep rushing forward, sending threads of consciousness into the virtual universe to relax within.

After 21 days of flight, Luo Feng finally asked to stop.

After flying 1 round about the floating mountain, Luo Feng determined that there was something calling him from within.

"You 2 can stay here." With that, he tunneled into the mountain and began searching for treasure.

After a while.

Luo Feng had found 9 black fragments and 1 silver fragment, simultaneously gathering a few tens of km in diameter of metal and alloy remains, he had to put on an act, otherwise simply collecting these fragments, how could it fill up the 100 k area world ring.

After which he let the 2 guides bring him again to search for more fragments.

As time passed, the 2 realized it was their bad luck to be placed with Luo Feng, because Luo Feng was purely relying on his senses to find rubbish mountains to search in, they would frequently have trips over 10 days to get to different mountains. After which they would use their ships to go through universe travel, stopping at certain points, not feeling anything, they’d immediately continue on to the next spot.

…

"You 2 can stay here." With those words, Luo Feng headed straight towards another floating rubbish mountain.

Within the mountain.

Luo Feng was already used to the calling of the fragments, he easily found 8 of them, 7 black and 1 silver.

"Currently I have 118 black fragments and 6 silver fragment along with 1 shard." Luo Feng flipped his hand and retrieved the items from his internal world, instantly a blur of black fragments floated before him, along with a few silver fragments and one shard.

Luo Feng looked at the items

The effects of the black and silver fragments, he had some understanding of them, only the shard…it too had the power of calling, it probably came from the same place as the fragments, however he hadn’t found a way to use it.

Dripping blood on it?

Touching skin?

Spirit energy?

Luo Feng had tried all methods he had heard and knew on it, however it was useless against it, almost like it was a very normal piece of a shard without any worth, even its sharpness was average. The only special thing about it was it’s calling ability, hence Luo Feng had collected it.

"No matter, right now I already have 118 black fragments, it almost covered my entire body last time, with these new 7, it should be complete." With a thought, the cloud contact vine swiftly entered within his body.

Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!

Almost like arrows, the 118 fragments shot at Luo Feng and as it touched him, they swiftly became black liquids that entered his skin, beginning to gather within his body. The mysterious black liquids seemed to become one with his skin and muscles.

As they made contact with each other, they swiftly condensed and grew more and more.

Rumble…

A huge change happened.

"What?" Luo Feng was shocked, carefully scanning his body.

When they had condensed to a certain level, a huge change occurred, they forced out the excess black liquid from Luo Feng’s body, all purely from the black fragments will. 2 black fragments gradually floated out from Luo Feng’s chest, after which they fell.

Saturation!

The black liquid within Luo Feng had reached a level of saturation, they could no longer take in anymore.

"I knew there was no way I could simply keep adding to it, there had to be a limit. Now it’s saturated." Luo Feng felt the change happening within, the black liquids rumbled as they reached their limits, it was so clear Luo Feng could hear it in his ears.

The change stopped.

"This is?" Luo Feng looked at his bare chest, on it was a black engraving.

A very complex word, yet he recognized it as that of the Flame god race.

A simply word…Soldier!

"Soldier?" Luo Feng looked at the Soldier print on his chest, after which the word hid itself, even though one couldn’t see it visibly, Luo Feng could still feel it hidden in his chest, after all, all of the black liquid’s energy was completely infused in the print, and every time Luo Feng had absorbed the fragments, the moment he forced them out of his body, they would automatically break apart into the original fragments.

This time however!

They had completely combined to form the Soldier print.

"Soldier?" Luo Feng frowned, "Flame god words? Looks like it's really because of the nameless manual. This Soldier, is it from the Flame god race, or some mysterious race’s lowest level soldier?"

"This mysterious armor, I’ll call it the soldier armor then." Luo Feng thought.

With a thought, he triggered the print and immediately black threads covered his entire body, simultaneously a malevolent black armor appeared on his body, with a helmet and boots etc, an incredibly energy poured through his body, the armor felt like his skin.

This strength was just like his own.

With his senses he guessed that, it was probably about 80-90 sector lord pinnacles strength gathered!

"Feels terrible." Luo Feng who was covered in the mysterious armor felt pain throughout his body, after becoming the master of this soldier armor, he knew basic information about it, "This armor, after it forms the print, only then does it become a perfect armor. It can grow bigger and smaller, infinitely malleable in size. However it all has to be triggered by the body, it has huge requirements on the body. I’m currently only domain lord level 9, my body is too weak…I cannot fully withstand the strength of this mysterious soldier armor."

Soldier armor, it contained energy within.

Just his earth body alone could trigger 80 - 90 sector lord pinnacle warriors’ strength! However this was but a part of the armor, the main thing was Luo Feng’s body was too weak and had no capability of fully utilizing it.

And however big Luo Feng could grow, the armor would follow.

Naturally because it was controlled by the body.

"My body is weak."

"However, the golden horned beast’s body is very strong, and it’s also trained in the nameless manual." Luo Feng was happy within, immediately forcing out the armor, a black round ball instantly flew out and on it, there was a faint Soldier print.

With a thought, the Soldier ball vanished into his internal world.

…

Internal world.

The mountain range like golden horned beast was lying in the grass when the Soldier ball appeared.

Howl… The beast extended its right claw at the ball and the ball immediately became a liquid that flowed into the beast’s body, as it was a complete soldier ball, naturally…the word Soldier appeared across the beast’s scaled chest, after which it disappeared within.

The beast stood up.

He howled and triggered the power of the print.

Chi chi chi…the print shot out trillions of black threads that covered every bit of the golden horned beast, in an instant, all of its scales, including its horns and claws were covered in a very thin layer of black armor, making it look completely black.

Even its gold engravings were completely covered.

Howl…

The golden horned beast felt immense power flowing within, he howled in joy, it could almost feel no stress on its body, getting even more thrilled with the feeling, this was probably the limit of strength the armor could produce, at this time, the amplitude strength of the beast was at a shocking level, it had reached the level of 1,000 sector lord pinnacle warriors, this was the true strength of the armor!