Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 693: 2 years

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"Deities of the world!" The golden horned beast howled, immediately unleashing its natural ability, it’s over 1,200 km body and tail began to shrink, getting faster as it shrank, in the blink of an eye, it became a little beast only a 100km long.

As it’s bone and muscle density, along with its scales etc all rose, its body was naturally much more powerful.

And mixed within each scale and claw was a very thin layer of black armor, the energy it held was infused within the beast’s body, it was a terrifying amount of strength!

"It’s exactly as I expected." The black clothed Luo Feng stood beneath the huge golden horned beast and looked up, "The beast had already pushed the armor to its limits earlier, even unleashing deities of the world, it still triggers about 1,000 sector lord pinnacle amount of strength from the armor, this is probably its limit."

"Hm."

"However it’s already heavenly enough, 1,000 sector lords, its pure strength alone…should be akin to a powerful undying general." The black clothed Luo Feng muttered.

Previously, he had relied on the golden horned beast to fight the flame undying, hence he had a rough understanding of an undying's strength…

That flame undying was a very normal undying, his pure strength alone should be about 100 times a sector lord pinnacle.

And when the golden horned beast unleashed its skills, it was 330 times a sector lord pinnacle.

However the flame undying did have a grasp of the complete flame origin laws, and even though Luo Feng had a rough grasp of the beast god presence, it was still shallow…his origin law comprehension and study time was still too short. Compared to an undying with a full grasp of the laws, the difference was huge.

The difference in the law comprehension made it so that he had to rely on his basics to fight back, hence the 2 were at a stalemate!

A normal undying’s strength with his undying energy, which was about 100 times that of a sector lord pinnacle!

He estimated that an undying general close to official level…

Should be about 1,000 times that of a sector lord pinnacle!

Black clothed Luo Feng stood on the grass and pondered as he rubbed his chin, "An official level close to emperor level, just his body strength alone should be about 10,000 times that of a sector lord pinnacle. And a pinnacle emperor…if calculated, his body alone should be able to hit 100,000 sector lord pinnacle level." 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Luo Feng knew quite a bit about undyings, even though there was very little about undyings within his inherited memories, just his primal region privilege allowed him to study quite a bit of it.

Undying levels, the difference in their strengths were shocking.

Just their bodies alone had huge differences, because undyings would spend endless amounts of time training their god bodies, firstly reaching the Undying body level, this alone was the dream of many. As their bodies grew stronger, their bodies too would evolve…reaching True Yan emperor’s level, his body alone was incredibly intrepid.

Along with origin laws, they could dominate the universe.

"100-1,000 sector lord pinnacle, normal undying."

"1,000-10,000 sector lord pinnacle, official level."

"10,000-100,000 sector lord pinnacle, emperor level." Luo Feng muttered, "This is just my rough estimate, however from the information I’ve gathered, my accuracy should be over 60%."

Luo Feng’s calculation speed was shocking, his reasoning speed was extremely high too, plus he could read up on many things within the virtual universe company network, plus his interaction with his teacher True Yan emperor, interaction with Dylan and fighting the flame undying, thus he came up with this.

Naturally this all involved only the most basic of strength and usage.

In terms of origin law and skills.

To the emperor, official and general level, whether it was the most basic undying body for these 3 levels, or in terms of origin laws, the difference was huge. Hence it created a huge difference between each of the levels.

"If my calculations are correct, early emperor level, just their bodies alone should only be about 10,000-20,000 times that of a sector lord pinnacle." Luo Feng thought, "And I have my million sector lord army, 1 combined attack…the energy produced, even an early level emperor level would have to dodge the attack."

Luo Feng was very happy after acquiring the mysterious Soldier armor, after leaving that rubbish mountain, he continued to search for others.

…

A ship was flying in the dark universe.

Within the control room, 2 white robed guides stood there, occasionally glancing at Luo Feng’s gaze, they felt a sense of helplessness.

"Let’s stop here, let’s go to the nearest stop point." Luo Feng said, full of fighting spirit.

"Your majesty, we cannot stop." The black skinned guide said.

"Hm?" Luo Feng turned to look curiously at them.

Both of them looked back.

"What’s going on?" Luo Feng frowned and asked.

Beside, the green skinned guide bowed respectfully, before speaking slowly, "Your majesty, the 2 of us have already accompanied you around the rubbish mountains for a year! Every treasure hunt period is at most a year."

"Ah." Luo Feng was stunned.

His time was up?

"We already received orders from the Wu Long starfield system telling us to bring you and leave." The green skinned guide spoke slowly, he couldn’t hide his fatigue.

How could he not be tired?

An entire year, the 2 had almost never rested, following Luo Feng about to search through the mountains, occasionally they would fly continuously for over 20 days, suddenly stopping, however, before even half an hour passed, they would once again head out to a distant mountain.

They hadn’t rested properly in a year.

This was the 1st time the 2 had met such a difficult client.

"Ah, so the time limit is up." Luo Feng nodded, "Then let’s return."

The 2 exchanged glances.

They were finally free!

"Right, you 2 should also have treasure hunting missions right." Luo Feng frowned, "When I spoke to Long Jue emperor earlier, he had mentioned that other than obtaining the world rings to hunt after purchasing goods, one can come individually to hunt for treasures. It seems that 1 mixed element can buy a small world ring, 10 mixed elements for a medium ring and 100 mixed elements for a large ring. Also, one can also buy extra treasure hunting time…1 year, 10 years, even a 100?"

The 2 guides’ expression changed.

Right, there was such a mission, as the rubbish mountains themselves hardly have any profits, and the cost of maintaining them was quite high, hence they came up with such systems for those that wanted to try their luck. It was a win win for everybody, why not?

"Rubbish mountain treasure hunt mission?"

"Ah…" The black skinned guide’s expression grew heavy." Yes, there is."

They didn’t dare lie.

"Ah." Luo Feng smiled and nodded, "When we head back, I’ll buy a world ring and treasure hunting time, You 2 do a very good job, when I continue my hunt, will you 2 continue to help me lead the way?"

The 2 shuddered within.

This level of fast flying without any rest, was it going to continue? 1 year? 10 years? 100 years? This was hundreds to thousands of times more tedious than their surveillance job.

"Haha…" Luo Feng laughed loudly, "Just joking, maintaining a speed of 100k km per second, and flying for an entire year, anybody would be tired. I’ll get another guide."

Only then did the 2 let out sighs of relief.

"Your majesty Luo Feng." The 2 bowed, feeling regretful.

"Humans are not machines, you don’t have to say anything." Luo Feng laughed.

…

Over this year, Luo Feng acquired a total of 132 black fragments and 7 silver fragments along with 1 shard, of which the 116 black fragments formed a complete soldier armor. On average, every month he would get about 11 black fragments and half a silver fragment.

"The golden horned beast has a complete soldier armor, my earth body should get one too." Luo Feng thought.

Luo Feng bought a medium world ring and 1 year’s time of hunting time, naturally the management arranged for another 2 guides for him.

"Luo Feng, you are currently in the domain lord level, training is the most important at this level." Long Jue emperor looked at Luo Feng, he had come personally to send him off knowing his treasure hunt time was over, he didn’t expect Luo Feng to continue his treasure hunt, "Treasure hunting in rubbish mountain is just for fun, don’t waste too much time here."

"I understand." Luo Feng smiled and nodded.

"If you get any huge treasure you have to tell me, whatever valuable items you get, I can help you sell at an extremely high price." Long Jue emperor said.

"Definitely."

After exchanging a few more words, he and the 2 new guides once again entered the starfield heading towards more rubbish mountains.

…

Luo Feng had already carefully examined the soldier armor, it was very mysterious, containing power within, however with the main body in control of the strength it supplied, one’s body had to be strong enough to fully utilize its power.

Other than that, the armor had the ability to block even spirit energy, meaning spirit attacks would lose about 90% of its power from the armor. Of course whether the omnipotent undying energy would be blocked by the armor…Luo Feng was still unclear.

Luo Feng wasn’t an undying yet, he had no way to test it.

"Triggering all of its strength, I require a sector lord pinnacle body." Luo Feng thought, "Obviously this soldier armor was prepared for sector lord pinnacles."

"A sector lord wearing this armor would have strength akin of a normal undying, however…normal sector lords cannot withstand an undyings soul attack, that’s probably why this armor also has the ability to weaken soul attacks. Only that way, can a sector lord pinnacle wearing this armor, truly stand up to an undying."

Luo Feng was shocked within.

Just who was it that created this mysterious armor? Just the soldier armor alone was so absurd.

The higher quality silver fragments, what armor would it form?

This was definitely a terrifying race! It was easy to see…that one should never belittle any race surviving in the universe.

"Humanity is a pinnacle race, they should have many trump cards too. It’s only because my position is still low and I’m oblivious too them." Luo Feng thought.

…

In the blink of an eye, another year passed and Luo Feng finally decided it was time to leave Wu Long starfield and return to earth.