Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 694: Mission with The Highest Points

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

After saying goodbye to Long Jue emperor, Luo Feng and Dylan sat in the Yun Mo planet ship and left Wu Long star field, heading towards Ganwu universe country.

…

Yan Zhu emperor was lying in his beast fur throne, looking ahead at a screen of information. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Footsteps could be heard, a purple robed man swiftly entered and bowed respectfully, "Lord."

"What’s up?" Yan Zhu emperor continued looking at the screen.

"Luo Feng has left Wu Long starfield." He said.

"Ah." Yan Zhu emperor smiled, "This punk has finally left, I still thought he’d stay here in rubbish mountain forever. It’s hard to blame him, an aboriginal…anything in rubbish mountain would be considered a treasure. Alright, you can leave."

"Yes Lord."

The purple robed man bowed respectfully and left.

Yan Zhu looked up at the screen, the information on it immediately switched into detailed information of earth, this was the information he had sent someone to go gather.

"An aboriginal planet." He mocked, "Little punk, we may meet very soon."

The Yun Mo planet ship was flying at 50 times light speed in the dark universe, however, to reach earth, it would still take about 1 year and 2 months.

Space travel was extremely dull.

"If that Yan Zhu emperor found out that I had acquired such a treasure, he’d probably be extremely enraged." Luo Feng lay in his cabin bed, looking up at the décor above, he thought of his earnings from rubbish mountain, "2 years time, a total of 232 black fragments and 12 silver fragments, 1 shard."

Combined together.

It formed 2 complete black soldier armor, 3 extra black fragments, 12 silver fragments and 1 shard.

This soldier armor gave one the strength of an undying, it was an extremely heavenly item, in terms of price, even tens of millions of mixed elements wouldn’t be able to buy it. It was a pity that this mysterious armor…most of humanity was unable to use it, or even discover its peculiar abilities, obviously it was a battle armor for another race.

"Armor for another race, just which race is it, flame god race? Or some other mysterious race? However, at least the words are from the flame god race." Luo Feng muttered, "It’s a pity my mosha body is unable to use it, otherwise I’d definitely make another one for it."

Wu Long star field was simply too vast.

A starfield with a diameter of millions of light years, Luo Feng’s 2 years in the sector was probably not even a trillionth of the entire place! Yet he already acquired 2 complete soldier armor sets…if he spent more time, he would definitely get even more, however he wanted to spend more time on training.

"After a while more, I should head towards primal chaos city to train, there I get to visibly see the universe laws, study the 9 universe tablet occasionally, my improvement will be shocking." Luo Feng thought, "I’d probably take a couple of hundred of years in there to fully comprehend the 108 wonders of space."

Over 180 years in beast god canyon, Luo Feng had comprehended the 19 of the 72 most profound wonders.

Luo Feng estimated that it’d take about 700 years for him to fully comprehend the 72 wonders.

This efficiency was already much higher than Lian Luo spending 3,000 years in primal chaos city, if he was in there…it would be even faster, the main thing was Luo feng had the beast god statue etc, hence the benefits of primal chaos city wasn’t as important to him as to others. Within there…the main thing that attracted him was the 9 universe tablet.

"My 3rd volume of the time space scribbles is almost done, I have to buy the 4th, however I require 1 million points…where can I get them?" Luo Feng racked his brains.

Buying the 10,000 soul control technique had already cost him a large amount of points.

He didn’t even have enough currently to buy time space scribble’s 4th volume.

As time passed, he had spent over 8 months travelling in space.

"Di."

"Mail?"

Sitting in his resting quarters, Luo Feng immediately connected to the virtual universe network.

…

Virtual universe Yu Xiang mountain Primal region, Luo Feng’s villa.

Within his study.

Sitting at his desk, he opened his laptop and swiftly opened the mail.

"Hm?" Luo Feng squinted.

The subject of the mail was "Domain lord level mission with the highest points."

"Highest points?" Luo Feng held his breath, he had long heard of the legend of the mission with the highest points, the core members at domain lord level would sometimes get missions from the virtual universe company, and these missions had different amounts of points, of which there was one that was supposedly the highest.

Highest points for the primal region members, naturally the rewards for primal region members were much higher than the absolute beginning, Sky and land and last phase region members!

"How high is it?" Luo Feng stared.

The details were.

"This mission has the highest amount of points for the primal region members (Domain lord level), the entire mission is separated into 4 levels.

1st level, highest points awarded 100,000, given according to the level of completion, if completion rate is 70%, points awarded will be 70,000 (70% of 100,000).

2nd level, highest points awarded 200,000.

3rd level, highest points awarded 300,000.

4th level, highest points awarded 400,000.

Extra reward: If all 4 levels are completed, according to the performance in general of the 4 levels, the virtual universe company will give an extra reward, the lowest being 0 points and the highest at 1 million points.

Hence…

The entire mission, including the extra point rewards, has a total of 2 million points to be awarded!

Warning! Warning!

Every level is determined by the level of completion, minimum required completion for the 1st level is 80%, only then can one proceed on to the 2nd level…if one cannot reach 80%, he cannot move on to the 2nd level, the entire mission would automatically end.

Example: If completion rate of 1st mission is 70%, member would receive 70,000 points and the mission would end there."

"Damn!"

"The requirements are so high, continuous levels? The points are absurd too, the highest being 2 million." Luo Feng looked at the mail and was completely shocked, it was absurd, as even the most dangerous of impossible level missions at universe level, Abyss hell, gave only 1 million points.

And this highest point mission was very peculiar, one had to continuously complete every level to activate the next.

When the 4 levels were completed, there was still an extra reward, and this reward…was according to the overall performance, the virtual universe company would determine how much to give, there wasn’t a clear standard.

…

After finishing the mail, Luo Feng looked at the subsidiary message, it’s subject was, "Highest point mission 1st level."

Luo Feng gently tapped it and opened the mail.

Its details displayed…

"The 1st level is the highest point mission’s 1st step, it is also the most important step! This step will decide whether you move on to the next level, simultaneously, it plays a crucial role in the final step of determining how much extra reward you will receive, hence one has to seriously complete the 1st level.

The details are:

There is a slave trader organization in the Ganwu universe country’s Cui Lang starfield, named Flame Wind, the Flame wind organization has a total of 18 members in its upper echelon, other than the normal slave trading, they also had many dark secret business dealings that went against the rules of the universe country laws, hence…Luo Feng, you have to personally deal with all of them.

Also, exact punishments on all 18 of the upper echelon.

There are several choices for punishment: 1, death, 2, Jail for 100 years, 3, Jail for 10,000 years, 4, Jail for a million years.

As to how you punish them, it’s completely up to your decision.

You can choose to jail them for a hundred years or even simply dealing them the death sentence.

…

All choices will be in your hands!

When the entire mission is engaged, you have to maintain the synchronized broadcast with the virtual universe network, everything you do has to be broadcasted. Only with detailed understanding of your progress and your punishment decisions…will we be able to give the most accurate grading of your completion.

When you reach 80% completion of the 1st mission, you’ll be able to move on to the 2nd level.

If the 2nd mission’s completion is below 80%, the entire mission will end immediately.

The final parts of the mail contains the Flame Wind’s top 18 executives and their information, if you want more information, you’ll have to request it from the information system department. Remember…from start to end, any killing, capture, punishment, everything has to be done personally by you. You cannot send anybody to do it.

Your guards can only protect you, they cannot help you carry out the mission."

Luo Feng sat before his laptop and frowned as he looked at the 1st level’s requests, feeling how troublesome it was.

This mission was completely different from his previous mission.

Back then, his universe level missions had a fixed standard and grading, e.g acquiring one blood river stone or collecting several items…even the hunting undying mission before, its highest points was at 200,000,yet its grading system was extremely clear and precise.

This time however…

There wasn’t a clear answer.

"Babata, what’s up with this mission?" Luo Feng frowned.

"It is very strange." Babata’s piercing voice resounded, "As long as you synchronize and broadcast all your actions, doing everything personally, capturing the 18 executives and exacting their punishment. Whatever punishment and how heavy, everything is up to you. How strange. And the process of this mission, whether it’s a mass massacre or protecting the innocents from harm, there’s no requirements at all… as long as you finish your mission, the company will give you a judgement of completion!"

Luo Feng nodded.

No precise grading system.

"Slave trading and other dark business, this Flame wind organization sure has the guts to deal in such matters." Luo Feng flipped through the information and shook his head within."

"This mission sure is peculiar."

"They even give me 4 ways to exact punishment, death, 100 years in jail, 10,000 years in jail, a million years in jail, there’s no exact number…this mission." Luo Feng frowned.

He had to be extremely careful this 1st level, reaching at least 80% completion.

Otherwise, this mission that reached up to 2 million points would immediately end.