Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 696: God

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Hundreds of km away on a flatland, there was a wooden house that stretched forever, it was built with a very commonly seen wood, the countless other wooden houses gathered together forming a tribe, with one look, this tribe probably had up to a million residents, it was a huge tribe.

"Look!"

"There’s a ship."

"A ship is here."

"The demon palace ship is here."

The residents of the tribe all looked up and gazed into the skies, disc shaped ships tore through the skies and approached them, these ships were completely red, on their bodies were the logos of the flame wind organization, every one of them had a diameter of 100m, a total of 10 of them appeared in the air above, making the many residents of the tribe hide in their houses and look through their windows.

10 disc shaped ships gradually landed on the flatland.

Hua!

All the cabin doors opened.

1 person walked out of each ship, some as tall as 6m, some with fangs and huge mouths, some were only 1.2m, some with big beards and messy hair, thick powerful looking arms…these people, were all dressed in uniformed armor and their arms all had quantum computers.

"It’s the demons."

"The demons are here."

"Demons."

The civilians all looked on with fear at the soldiers of the flame wind organization, every one of them took a disc shaped ship here, all dressed in alloy armors and carrying alloy weapons, equipped with quantum computers. These were invincible demons to the residents, even the strongest warriors in their tribe would be knocked down in one blow by them.

"Huge wood tribe’s leader?" The 10 flame wind organization looked coldly at the slave tribe, the leader had special black scales, he roared, "Ask him to come out and meet me."

Hurried footsteps resounded.

Hundreds of people flew over swiftly, as they ran up to the flame wind soldiers, they all quickly knelt down, their heads touching the ground.

"Greetings demon."

Hundreds all knelt there respectfully.

"Huge wood tribe, your collection of the Rainbow flame herb last year only hit 70%, there’s still another 30% to be submitted. Thus, according to the rules, 30% of your tribe has to come with us." The leading demon soldier said coldly, "30% of your tribe would mean 1,213,682 people, have you prepared the namelist?"

"It’s already prepared." Among the hundreds knelt there, an old man with a helmet said respectfully.

"Hm, hurry up." The leader of the soldiers roared.

"Yes, yes yes."

The tribe leader immediately gave the orders.

The entire tribe immediately rose up and hustled, all sorts of painful cries resounded throughout the tribe, every year, whenever their collection of the rainbow flame herb was insufficient, they’d have to sacrifice some of their tribe people. According to their numbers and percentage…they’d have to give the same number of people.

Those that contributed highly to the numbers could survive and even live their whole lives in the tribe.

Those that contributed lowly would be sent to the demon palace, eventually becoming a slave…sold to other families on other planets, their fates, naturally need not be mentioned.

"Father."

"Big brother."

"Ma Mai." All sorts of cries could be heard throughout, however despite the huge numbers and struggle, countless years of habit had made them realize…it was pointless to resist, they could only follow the rules, 1,213,682 of the tribe gathered and walked towards the disc shaped ships of the demons.

Every ship had a diameter of 100m, their thickness were also 30m.

Enough to cram 30,000-40,000 slaves within.

A total of 48 ships came this type, enough to store over 1.21 million slaves, these civilians all followed the pathways of the ships, with the leadership of the robots within, they entered their chambers, cramming the rooms full. Every level could house up to 10,000 people, a total of 3 levels, they squeezed in 30,000-40,000 people.

As they entered their chambers, they all looked back unwillingly at their tribe.

Goodbye…close ones!

Goodbye…tribe!

"Haha, I didn’t expect your tribe to have a star traveller warrior." The leader of the soldiers suddenly laughed loudly, with a flash he became a blur and flew towards the distance, straight towards a very normal looking wooden house, with a rumble, it immediately broke apart.

Within, a youth roared and waved a blade at the soldier.

The soldier extended his hand and broke the blade apart, immediately grabbing the shoulder of the youth, with his powerful genetic energy flowing, he made the youth shudder.

Sou!

The soldier seemed like he was carrying a little chicken as he dragged the youth, swiftly heading towards the ship.

"Dragon Lou!" The elder of the tribe and the others were shocked.

Dragon Lou was a true genius of their Huge wood tribe, his power grew very quickly and he could float in the air, one punch could decimate a mountain, however before the soldiers of the demon palace, he still had no resistance at all. Even using their tribe’s secret weapon…the soldier easily grabbed and broke it apart.

"Look at this punk, star traveller level 3, not bad." The leader of the soldiers laughed loudly.

"Without any training manuals, he actually still reached star traveller level 3, captain, this punk can easily reach the star traveller if nurtured, he’ll sell for a lot next time."

"Indeed he’ll sell well."

The other soldiers of the flame wind organization all said the same thing.

"Demon, release him, we can replace him with other people from the tribe." The elder head of the tribe said nervously.

The soldier raised his hand.

Rumble!

A formless genetic energy came down and the elder immediately imploded, fresh blood spewed in all directions, even the others standing beside him were affected, his blood and bones pierced right through their bodies, some with holes left in their bodies, dying beside him…

Silence, the other tribesmen were all shocked into silence.

"Your Huge wood tribe can get a new elder, he was too stupid." The leader of the soldiers said coldly, "The last time your huge wood tribe produced a star traveller was over 800 years ago, I guess you’ve all forgotten the rules. Remember! We will take all star travellers produced, going against it means the tribe leader will die!"

"This punk can reach the star level if we train him, his worth would be over a million of you normal folk, you even want to exchange him for others, idiots." The other soldiers all mocked.

Without any guidance or resources, being able to reach star traveller level.

With some guidance and pressure, he’d naturally reach star level, then he’d be able to sell for a high price. And these student level 1, 2 and 3 normal folk, they were cheap and not worth it. Even if a million of student level 9s were added together, it would only be worth about 1 star level 4 warrior, one could easily see the worth of normal people.

…

The flame wind soldiers all laughed loudly, the civilians were all terrified by their presence, looking at their people enter the ships, looking at the bodies and blood, they could only feel pain and fear.

Rumble! Rumble!

2 silhouettes suddenly descended and landed on the ground.

Silence!

The soldiers that were originally laughing casually seemed to suddenly choke, they all stared wide eyed at the sudden appearance of the 2. It wasn’t just them, even the civilians and members of the tribe all looked on with shock at them. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

2 people, one in silver armor and boots, black short hair, his gaze cold. The other was a bald man in a black long robe, his gaze even colder and profound.

These 2, their formless pressure…

Caused all the tribesmen to shudder within, it caused the soldiers to be filled with fear.

The soldiers all knelt down, incredibly respectful, they were all soldiers from the universe, they’d at least have some perspective. They were clear that if the pressure alone was this terrifying…the 2 before them were definitely absolute warriors of the universe, at least universe level, maybe even stronger, how could they resist?

"A group of star traveller level 9? 1 star level 3?" Luo Feng’s cold gaze swept past the soldiers.

The tribesmen could all easily conclude…

This mysterious black short haired man, just the one in the silver armor…he was obviously much more terrifying than all the soldiers.

"We are members of the flame wind organization, why has this lord travelled to Bass planet, if there’s any matters, our great lord Klaus is currently here, we can report to him any matters you have." The leading soldier's forehead was perspiring profusely, speaking with fear.

The tribesmen of the Huge wood tribe all looked on with shock at this scene, that powerful soldier…he was so weak and small now?

That…

That mysterious black short haired youth, just what level of being was he?

"No need, I will personally go look for him." Luo Feng said coldly, simultaneously his spirit energy passed through that leading soldier’s body and he began to search his soul, with Luo Feng’s control in his soul techniques, it was no weaker than a sector lord’s touch. Against a star level 3 warrior, a soul search was simple.

In an instant, he knew from the memories he searched through just how corrupt these group of scum were.

"All of you here!"

Luo Feng’s gaze swept past the ten soldiers, the soldiers of the flame wind organization, the ones called demons by the tribesmen slaves of Bass planet, they all looked on with fear.

"I sentence you to…death!" Luo Feng raised his right hand.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

Tens of light beams shot out from his right hand, instantly landing on the soldiers, they all didn’t even have time to say anything as they stared wide eyed, suddenly "Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!" They all exploded open and became nothing but a mess. Their remains didn’t even fly out randomly, they were all left exactly at where they stood.

The tribesmen of the huge wood tribe all looked on with fear at this scene.

Easily killing a group of demons?

What power was that?

"God!" A person shouted from the tribe, immediately the rest all knelt down and shouted in unison.

"God! God! God! God! God! God!"

Millions all knelt down and shouted, rumbling through the skies.

Luo Feng and Dylan watched the scene.

"A warrior from the universe coming here and being called a god. The name god sure is worthless." Luo Feng thought, however…In terms of strength, Luo Feng was truly akin to an undying, hence this title was something he was indeed worth.