Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 697: Demon Palace

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

The Huge wood tribe’s millions of tribesmen have been slaves and suppressed for countless generations, it could be said that the thought of the demons being invincible had been ingrained into their minds the moment they were born, it was already common knowledge. And now, there was a mysterious being that actually easily defeated 10 of them, it had left them completely stunned.

God, this was a god!

"It’s god." The genius and number 1 warrior Dragon Lou knelt there, looking at the silver armored black haired youth and the black robed bald man, his blood boiling from within!

This, was the strength he was seeking.

A powerful sense of anticipation filled his mind, he knelt there and struck his head hard on the ground, after which he looked up and shouted loudly, "Dragon Lou is willing to serve the god, please…accept and take me in!"

"Hm?"

Luo Feng turned to look at the messy haired youth, a thought appeared in his head, "An absolute genius of a race, the number 1 race, I was the top genius back on earth back then too, however I was much luckier. I have the golden horned beast, the Yun Mo planet inheritance, all these helped me rise up in the universe, all this punk needs is an opportunity."

"Luo Feng." Dylan communicated, "You do not need to care about this punk, since the virtual universe company has given you the mission to deal with the Flame wind organization, then its obvious they want to get rid of it…after everything, the slave planets etc left behind, the company would naturally take care of them and make it so they won't remain as slave planets."

Luo Feng nodded.

Slavery was something many great beings disliked, the virtual universe company was clear on this, however as there were resource limitations and competition within the race itself, slaves had become a very common product, naturally they didn’t intervene. However the moment they got rid of some organizations, the slave planets left behind, the company would naturally not cash in on them but actually…help them become normal life planets.

"The virtual universe company will send people over to manage and help revitalize the entire planet, punks with talent like this Dragon Lou will also receive nurturing." Dylan said.

"Hm."

Luo Feng nodded and glanced at Dragon Lou, "This punk will have to depend on himself then."

"Let’s go." Luo Feng instantly became a beam of light.

Sou! Dylan followed.

The 2 vanished from the sights of the millions of Huge Wood tribe’s people, leaving behind them with their mouths gaping.

"What do we do, what do we do now? Now that the demons have been killed the demon palace will definitely be enraged."

"We are in trouble."

"The demon palace may take it out on us."

The millions of tribe people were in a flurry, all extremely afraid, the many generations of being suppressed had ingrained in their minds that the demon palace was the strongest being out there.

"The god didn’t accept me, god…" Dragon Lou knelt there, somewhat lost, however after seeing the bodies of the Flame wind organization’s soldiers, he shuddered, "With the demon palace’s brutality, when they vent it on our tribe, we will all be killed, what do we do now."

Cold sweat beaded from his forehead.

"Little punk, the demon palace will be destroyed, Bass planet will have an equal chance to develop like the other life planets, just wait for the members of the virtual universe company to come." A voice resounded within his mind.

"It’s the god’s voice."

Dragon Lou’s eyes gleamed and it seemed like he was filled with energy, after which he was curious, "The virtual universe company’s members will come to our planet? What is the virtual universe company? Will this company be able to defeat the invincible demon palace?"

If the top 18 executives of the Flame Wind organization had heard this words, they would probably all be shuddering in fear.

Demon palace.

The most terrifying place within Bass planet, the place countless slaves feared. Actually, there was a group of elite guards stationed here by the flame wind organization, it was made of 1 universe level and 50 star levels along with 5,000 star traveller level 9s, hence their strength on this planet was so powerful.

The rainbow flame herb was very valuable, and this planet was the core planet of hundreds around it, hence there was a universe level stationed here!

Universe level warrior, within a normal galaxy, he was already invincible.

…

Klaus of the 18 executives had brought his guard team to Bass planet. He treated it completely as a holiday place, staying within the demon palace, with many female and male staff sent over from the large amount of slave planets around, he led a carefree life.

The 18 executives all had their own temperament.

Klaus enjoyed the feeling of torturing slaves, hence he would frequently head down to the slave planets for periods of time.

The strongest Pan Xi of the 18, he was already sector lord level 3, he was very self disciplined, other than the occasional outburst, he spent most of his time on the minor planet Bei En, that was a cluster of minor planets that was impossible for normal people to survive, that was his training spot. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"Du…du…du…"

The ear piercing warning sound resounded throughout the demon palace, the palace that took up tens of km about a majestic peak was instantly thrown into chaos

"What’s going on? What’s happening?"

The leader of Bass planet was man with green fur and eyes, he looked like a wolf at first glance, he was the manager of Bass planet and the surrounding hundreds of other slave planets, Moza, a universe level 7 warrior!

"The executive is in my demon palace and an alarm actually goes off, he would definitely be enraged…" Moza was so scared cold sweat covered his body, simultaneously his arm quantum computer connected to the planet’s security system and through it, Moza clearly saw what had happened.

The 2 mysterious men, a silver armored youth, a black robed bald man, easily killing a team of his underlings. They had to be at least universe level

"They actually didn’t even alert the planet’s security system and entered the planet, these, these 2…" Moza was shocked, quickly rushing towards the core of the palace to alert Klaus.

"Lord Klaus."

"Lord Klaus."

Moza rushed towards the core.

Rumble…many silhouettes swiftly flashed through the palace, all dressed in uniformed blood red armor, their powerful energies spread out, these were all universe level 9 in strength they coldly looked at Moza, scaring him so much he didn’t dare move anymore.

"Moza, what are you doing?" The leader of the guards, a domain lord level 5 warrior looked on coldly at Moza.

"Lord." Moza said with fear." There are 2 mysterious warriors that have suddenly come to Bass planet, the planet’s security system didn’t even detect them, and one of my teams have already been destroyed."

"There isn’t a power here in Cui Lang starfield that dares mess with the Flame Wind organization." The vice captain said coldly, "Immediately send all the information in your quantum computer to the lord, you don’t have to go disturb him"

"Yes."

Moza said respectfully.

The levels in the organization were very strict, the 18 executives were high above, as a power with sector lord strength, even though they weren’t in the top 10 of the Cui Lang starfield, they could still rank in the top 50! This was simply the superficial strength, such an organization, relying on a slave market and other dark methods to rise up…their background wasn’t that simple, hence the captain dared to say there wasn’t any power in the entire starfield with the strength to mess with the flame wind organization.

It was a pity, this was the virtual universe company sending its people.

Rumble!

In an instant.

A powerful silhouette rushed out, he was over 3m tall and powerfully built, his face was covered in a black beard, his eyes purple, a powerful energy emanated from him, this tall and sturdy man was one of the 18 executives of the Flame Wind organization Klaus, at this time, he said with shock, "Everybody separately take your universe ships and leave Bass planet."

"Yes Lord Klaus." Even though they were puzzled, they all simply complied.

Immediately!

Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!

Over 100 silhouettes flew through the skies out of the demon palace, almost all of them took out a c grade ship from their space rings, Klaus too took out a similar ship, obviously he wanted to lose himself amongst the crowd, making the enemy unable to determine which ship he was in.

"You think you can run?" A cold voice resounded.

Immediately countless glaring gold lights lit up the skies of the demon palace, these gold lights were little golden blades, countless blades swept past the skies and the c grade ships were instantly torn part, all falling from the skies like rain. Over 100 ships immediately crashed into the roof of the demon palace, decorations etc flew in all directions.

Klaus and his guard team all watched in fear at the scene.

After which they looked in the distance…

In the dark night (The demon palace and the huge wood tribe were at different ends of the planet, it was day at the Huge wood tribe and night here) Klaus and his guard team clearly saw 2 silhouettes floating in the night, a silver armored youth and a black robed bald man.

"Gre, greetings undying." Klaus immediately knelt on one foot, saying with fear.

After hearing Lord Klaus speak those words, the guards were all filled with fear, all imitating him and kneeling.

"Greetings undying!"

Their voices resounded across the skies, and the true owner of Demon palace, the universe level Moza and his underlings all looked up and saw this scene. Their revered powerful Lord Klaus was shivering and kneeling with fear, undying?

My god.

"Greetings undying." Moza knelt too, everyone about him did the same.

In the distant skies.

Luo Feng and Dylan began to chat.

"This punk sure has good sight, he can actually tell I’m undying." Dylan laughed and said.