Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 699: Mysterious Pan Xi

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Luo Feng had begun his massacre. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

On Cui Lang planet within Cui Lang starfield, Luo Feng had killed all of Kevin and his guards, a total of 103 people had died, leaving none behind.

On the same day, he had reached Fu Di planet. Almost all of it had become Benedict’s private planet. He had hundreds of thousands of staff, tens of thousands of guards, and his power was heavenly. He lived carefree within his own palace. The massacre on Fu Di planet, Luo Feng had killed a total of 36,237 people. Countless people were shocked at the scene happening in front of them, Benedict himself was punished harshly. Luo Feng had used his blood shadow blade to slash him over ten thousand times before letting him die.

On the 4th day, Luo Feng reached Yi Wei planet, it was also the home of Le Ka, one of the 18 executives. Luo Feng killed Le Ka and his guards, a total of 103 people, one of which Luo Feng deemed innocent and let go.

…

On the 26th day, it was also the craziest massacre of the flame wind organization till date. This time it was on Dripping Planet.

It was a planet completely in the control of one of the 18 executives, Lee. This Dripping planet had incredibly tight security, it was a complete demon hell. This planet was also a favorite place to relax amongst the powerful among the Cui Lang starfield. All sorts of corruption could be seen here, it made these people addicted to the rush.

This time!

Luo Feng had killed a total of about 100,000 people including Lee and his underlings. A larger amount of them were taking their ships and fleeing, while these powerful people were massacred on a large scale, even their guard teams were madly killed. Eventually, even those people were killed. The entire dripping planet had become a blood ocean. Even the members sent by the Virtual Universe Company were shocked at the bloodbath.

During this battle, Luo Feng had killed a grand total of over 1.02 million people. His blood shadow blade…had killed everyone he had deemed guilty.

…

Among the 18 executives, Luo Feng had already killed 16 of them.

Wei Feng planet.

This was a planet with frequent howling winds. The normal civilians of the planet usually spent most of their lives cooped up within the city, and in the North west region of the planet, there was a luxurious planet that took up over 100km in area. The guards stationed there were over 10,000 in number. The slaves ranged in the tens of thousands, it was the true free and unfettered area of the planet.

"Why do you have to kill me? Why!!!" Amidst the bloody ocean in the palace, the 17th executive Pa Li Man De’s eyes flashed coldly staring at Luo Feng.

"You are guilty." Luo Feng wielded his blood shadow blade and stood before him.

That formless blood thirst made him cower in fear.

Luo Feng’s massacre over this period of time had indeed reached an insane level, and he didn’t even bother to try and suppress it he wanted to clearly see…just how strong his blood thirst within was. Hence, he didn’t use the quickest killing methods which was to use his spirit energy weapon. Rather, he simply used his blood shadow blade to kill them one by one.

He had initially wanted to use only his hands, however the numbers were too huge, and his claw efficiency was too low, hence he decided to use his blade!

"I’m guilty? You are a member of the Virtual Universe Company, however you cannot slander me. I have lived here on Wei Feng star from a young age, alone, growing up and working hard. Even after joining the Flame wind organization, I never questioned their doings. Lee was in charge of the business side, and the entire fate is managed by the boss Pan Xi. As for the inhumane practices, I’ve never dealt in them. Then, why do you say I’m guilty, why?" He roared.

"When the flame wind first began, it faced dangers from all sides." Luo Feng said indifferently. "Back then, the 18 domain lords killed all about, in order to gain portions of the market, and in order to make the powerful people fear you. In 3 short months, you all killed all the 621 powerful people, and their 32,193 underlings."

Pa Li Man De was shocked.

"You all killed whoever stood in the way. And even though you never dealt in the dark dealings, you’ve allowed them to happen and still gain large amounts of profits from them." Luo Feng said coldly, "You’ve never been the main dealer, however you have no right to say you are clean of them."

Pa Li Man De choked.

"Even though you aren’t as dirty as others, however, you rely on these businesses to gain endless wealth. Hence, you deserve to die even more." Luo Feng said coldly.

"I only relied on the Flame wind organization as a stepping stone to gain more resources to train." Pa Li Man De howled.

Chi!

A blade flashed as Pa Li Man De stared wide eyed, after which he was split in half with his internal organs flowing onto the floor.

"Hmph." Luo Feng flipped the blood shadow blade in his hand and sheathed it, after which he turned and left.

In the dark universe, the Yun Mo planet ship was flying.

In the control room, Dylan and Luo Feng sat there and sipped wine.

"After massacring, you specially pick red wine to drink." Dylan shook his head.

Luo Feng lifted his glass. The red wine shone under the light, reflecting the desires of his heart, Luo Feng said softly, "Drinking wine after massacring sure is a nice feeling."

"I can only sigh at your massacres." Dylan shook his head. "If it weren’t for my experiences with my teacher and having seen his bloodthirsty ways, I probably won’t be able to get used to your massacres."

"Those that should be killed, I kill. Those that shouldn’t, I won’t." Luo Feng said.

Just like the 1st time on Bass planet, the detailed information of Klaus and his guards had all been provided by the Virtual Universe Company. As for the large amount of star traveller level 9s of the demon palace, Luo Feng had used his soul techniques to search their souls and understood their pasts.

Those that shouldn’t die, Luo Feng didn’t kill.

Those that were guilty, he killed them all.

"How do you judge who you should kill and who you shouldn’t?" Dylan asked with curiosity. "Are you so sure…that your judgement is right?"

If this question were to be given to a hundred people, there’d probably be 100 answers.

"Dylan, Among the people that I have killed so far, whom do you think I shouldn’t have killed?" Luo Feng asked in return. "If there’s no reason to, naturally I won’t kill them. I always kill with a reason."

Dylan laughed.

Whatever anybody else thought of this was fine, Dylan was pretty satisfied with the answer. As he was an undying and he had battled in the outer region wars before. He was very clear…the race wars were brutal, as long as one was stronger than the other, that would mean he could kill him or capture.

There was no space for leniency! No retreat!

If humanity took a step back, and got weaker. The other races would get stronger and step forward.

In the long run, it would be a slippery slope down for the strength of humanity, as their regions would get smaller and hence…one couldn’t be soft.

The bloody race wars would make many of the weaker willed people go crazy and crumble within.

And these were only the normal scenes. Even those that self declared they enjoyed massacre, killing 100s was nothing. Truly killing means to kill tens of thousands to millions, even hundreds of millions of others, especially using all sorts of illusions and bloody battles in the wars. It was easy to be shaken by these type of killings, hence there were many that lost their minds and died within the battlefield!

"Understanding why you kill is very important." Dylan nodded. "Even if your reasons are very simple, you have to have a reason within your heart and determination. If there isn’t any determination…when you enter the outer region wars in the future, and get messed up by the illusions and so on, it would be very easy to begin doubting yourself."

"I understand." Luo Feng smiled and nodded.

The wars on earth alone would make many soldiers get mental illnesses and lose their minds.

Much less the outer region wars.

Two days later.

The Yun mo planet ship went through universe travel and arrived at the minor planets Bei En.

Within the control room, Luo Feng and Dylan gazed at the distant space, the little cluster of planets in distance were like messy stones all about.

"Pan Xi." Luo Feng said softly. "The true soul and spirit leader of the Flame wind organization, who had even gotten the recognition of the 7th prince. Compared to Pan Xi…the other 17 were nothing but small fry."

"Hm." Dylan nodded.

The two looked through Pan Xi’s information, they couldn’t help but respect him.

His experiences were pretty legendary.

Pan Xi was born a slave. However, on the day before he was about to be implanted with the living microchip, he rose up and took over a life planet. After which, he commanded a large amount of underlings to take a ship and leave the slave planet, leaving a large hole in the slave force there.

After fleeing the slave planet, he first dispersed his underlings and obtained a universe civilian identity within Cui Lang Starfield alone.

Living on a normal life planet in the starfield and training for hundreds of years, he waited to show himself again. When he did though, he was already a universe level warrior. With his strength, he began to take revenge on the slave traders from back then, they had some strength too but were later destroyed by Pan Xi.

After which!

Pan Xi took control of his own slave trading ring and became a new slave trader!

With resources in hand, his power rose quickly and he later reached domain lord level. At this time, he contacted the other 17 domain lords and created an alliance! With the 18 of them together…they naturally took a greater control of the market. He had gone through careful consideration before picking his people.

Those with background, those that could fight, those well known in scheming, they were all elites.

With the Flame wind organization behind him, Pan Xi got a large amount of resources and established his power before training seriously. He bought techniques and had begun training and became the only one to reach sector lord level 3. Through his power, he even got to know the 7th prince, and along with the prince’s support, his network got even more terrifying!

He, was Pan Xi.

A slave that rose up to become a ruthless and formidable person, a sector lord level 3 warrior! One had to know that the number of sector lords within Cui Lang starfield was probably in the tens, and they mostly had teachers and guides, and among them were even undyings. Relying on himself and reaching sector lord level 3, this was unbelievable.

As the spirit leader of the Flame wind organization, he was recognized as its boss.

Pan Xi hardly ever enjoyed his luxurious life. However he secluded himself in training, staying within Bei En planet.

"This Pan Xi." Dylan nodded and smiled, "I respect him."

"I respect him too." Luo Feng nodded and exclaimed. "Being born a slave with nothing, training hard to reach sector lord level now, it is indeed impressive. And training within these minor planets…willpower, ambition, methods, he has everything…"

"Right." Dylan shook his head, "The only thing is he didn’t have was a bottom line to his methods. His brutality and ruthlessness had caused trillions to suffer. The Flame wind organization controls tens of thousands of slave planets, many universe civilians leading peaceful lives have had their families broken because of him. Trillions of them being enslaved and sold about, such dark methods…have finally made the Virtual Universe Company have to deal with him."

Luo Feng shook his head within.

"Let’s go judge Pan Xi." Luo Feng said.

Sou! The Yun Mo planet ship flew within the minor planet’s cluster…