Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 700: Sector Lord Level 9

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Bei En Minor planets, they were a group of heavenly bodies that revolved about a star. A total of 209 little planets with the smallest having a diameter of 1.2km, and the largest at 898km.

The Yun Mo planet ship was flying amidst the planets.

"Searching through each of the planets, all of them have all been modified." Babata’s piercing voice resounded throughout the control room. "They all contain many technological weapons, the entire area can be called an automaton fortress. Even the Cui Lang royal family’s fleet would be destroyed."

"Cautious indeed." Luo Feng gazed at the distant planets.

"Would he have been able to get to this level if he wasn’t this cautious?" Dylan smiled. "I have a feeling, this time won’t be as easy as your past 17."

"Ah?" Luo Feng frowned.

The Yun Mo planet ship continued to fly and search through the planets.

"Signs of life detected." Babata said. "On the 82nd little planet amongst the minor planets.

"Then let’s go." Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed as he ordered.

…

That particular planet was ranked 3rd in size amongst the rest. It looked very normal from the surface, however as the ship drew close, the entire planet suddenly shook.

Rumble!

Rumble!

Rumble!

3 beams of light suddenly shot into space towards the ship. The ship maneuvered quickly to dodge, however it was brushed by one of the beams…the surface energy barrier rippled slightly without any damage.

Rumble! The ship too shot out a beam of light and it struck the distant little planet.

Rumble!

The little planet with a diameter exceeding 600km instantly exploded, countless fragments flew in all directions, revealing a dark purple blade like ship.

"E9 grade ship?" Luo Feng laughed, ordering, "Babata, ram it!"

"Yes!"

Babata replied happily.

The Yun Mo planet ship immediately accelerated, the triangular ship became a blood colored beam of light rushing towards the other ship. Whether it was, material, energy system, or the overall motors etc within, after the Virtual Universe Company’s upgrading, his ship far exceeded that of his enemy.

Rumble! Rumble! The purple ship seemed to panic as it shot out two beams of light before immediately trying to flee.

However in terms of acceleration…

The E9 alloy ship was like a tractor racing a Ferrari compared to the Yun Mo planet ship.

Hua!

As fast as lightning, and definitely impossible to dodge.

The Yun Mo planet ship instantly crashed into the purple ship. With its extremely sharp and piercing sides reinforced by the engravings, it was much more terrifying than when it was piloted by Hu Yan Bo back then! It was almost like a sharp blade slicing through wood, "Chi!" With a brush, it began to slice through the purple ship easily!

Hua La!

The purple ship was sliced clean in two The alloys warped as it got sliced, the energy system began to send out huge amounts of light.

"Who are you two?" A silhouette flew out from the damaged ship, floating amidst the remains, he stared at the Yun Mo planet ship.

Hua! The cabin door of the Yun Mo planet ship opened.

Luo Feng and Dylan flew out.

…

The two of them stood in space and looked at the man before them, this man was skinny, his eyes were like a wild wolf, filled with a sense of apprehension. However after he saw Luo Feng and Dylan appear, it instantly turned to despair.

"Undying, an undying actually came to capture me." Pan Xi was filled with despair, after which he seemed unwilling to give up. Staring at the two of them, "I don’t think I’ve ever offended you two, and my presence here in the Bei En minor planets is an absolute secret. How did you two know? And what grudge do we have between us?"

"Absolute secret?" Luo Feng laughed.

Against the Virtual Universe Company, what absolute secret could there be? Simply checking his space coordinates from wherever he connected to the virtual universe allowed them to determine his position.

"Pan Xi, I’m here on the Virtual Universe Company’s orders to judge your flame wind organization." Luo Feng said fiercely. Since he used his spirit energy as the medium, his voice resounded through the silent space. "The other 17 executives are all dead, you are the only one left."

"Virtual Universe Company?" Pan Xi stared wide eyed with fear.

My god!

When he saw the two earlier, he still had some thoughts of fleeing, he was simply acting like he had given up. However, upon hearing the name of the Virtual Universe Company…he felt completely helpless! That was a leviathan that had the universe countries all in submission.

"No wonder I didn’t even get any news of my 17 executives being killed. So, it’s the Virtual Universe Company that arranged this." Pan Xi stared at the two of them. Mocking, "The powerful Virtual Universe Company, when did it bother itself with a small figure like me and specially send people to deal with me."

"Cut the crap."

Luo Feng said coldly, "The true leader of the Flame wind organization is you. You have the biggest responsibility on everything it does, I now sentence you…to death! I’ll personally execute it!"

"Personally? Domain lord level punk, are you saying you’ll personally kill me, or saying…that the undying beside you will stop my movements and make me unable to defend before you make your move?" Pan Xi laughed coldly, he had originally thought of using the 7th prince as his trump card. However, after hearing the name of the Virtual Universe Company.

He knew…

He had to fight for his life!

"I’ll personally make my move alone." Luo Feng stared at him, "The undying will definitely not intervene."

"Ah?" Pan Xi’s eyes gleamed.

"Die!"

Immediately, countless gold lights shot out from the dark golden long rod on Luo Feng’s back. They covered the area instantly, endless blade energy interweaved and engulfed the hundred km area about them, powerful spirit energy controlling them…this blade world pressure was no weaker than a true sector lord’s world projection.

Simultaneously, Luo Feng wielded the blood shadow blade and became a blur, rushing at Pan Xi.

"Good, what an idiot, wanting to do close combat with me? My chance has come, as long as I can capture this arrogant punk alive, using him against the undying, I have a chance of fleeing." Pan Xi’s eyes gleamed coldly, unleashing his world projection.

Rumble!

The blade world and the world projection clashed.

"7 illusionary blades…Burial!" Luo Feng immediately unleashed his strongest move of the blade techniques, infusing the presence of the Sky tearing claw into his move.

Rumble!

Rumble! UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

The both of them used blades and as the two worlds clashed, their blades collided as well.

Rumble…A formless invincible energy transmitted over.

"Ah!"

Luo Feng couldn’t withstand it, his right hand knocked back so hard that it shattered, his bones shattered and the blood shadow blade was knocked far away. Simultaneously the mysterious soldier armor and the cloud contact vine on the surface of his skin immediately stopped the rest of the attack.

Luo Feng was knocked away.

"Haha, you think you can flee?" Pan Xi’s face was malevolent, he waved his arm fiercely.

Hua!

Countless colorful vines shot out from his arm, instantly covering the surrounding area in all sorts of vines. The sturdy vines shot straight a Luo Feng wanting to wrap him within.

"Sector lord level 9 Metal Vine!" Luo Feng’s expression changed.

Metal vine.

A very normal plant life form, if one said that the cloud contact vine was a rare existence among the plant life, then this metal vine was considered staple goods and low cost. Same level and grade, but its power was much weaker than the other plant life forms. At most, it was comparable or a little better than a similar leveled human.

Normally, reaching star level 9 was their limit.

It was rare for them to reach universe level.

To nurture them till domain lord level, that was purely luck!

And for it to reach sector lord level 9, this, this was a miracle!

Dylan frowned in the distance.

"Cloud contact vine!" Luo Feng who was seriously injured gazed at the countless vines rushing over, immediately roaring.

Vines immediately shot out from his shoulders and waist, a total of 216 vines, everyone of them grew extremely long instantly. Each vine was sturdy and thick with many leaves, they instantly attacked the Metal vine.

Sector lord level 6 cloud contact vine against a sector lord level 9 metal vine!

The metal vine was cheap.

The cloud contact vine was rare, and to nurture it to such a high level of 216 vines, even at sector lord level 6, it could still easily kill a normal human sector lord level 6.

"Hua hua…" The vines clashed and attacked each other within tens of km in space. Without a doubt…the cloud contact vine had the advantage.

"Hmph."

In the distance, protected within the core of the metal vine, Pan Xi’s eyes gleamed. He immediately pointed his left hand at Luo Feng, blood red leaves began to shoot out. In an instant, the area around where the two vines were battling was wrapped in red leaves. Blood red flowers began to bloom throughout, every one of them with a diameter exceeding 1 km, within one could even faintly see black cold teeth.

Sector lord level 9 Sha Luo flower!

If one said the Metal vine was staple goods and cheap, belonging to the lower class of plants, then this Sha Luo flower was one that was comparable to the cloud contact vine. The cloud contact vine was known for its swallowing and cell regeneration. As for the Sha Luo, it was a special plant that enjoyed swallowing blood of other life forms, it was known for its attack and swallowing strength.

Sha Luo flower, if distinguished by earth’s standards, could be considered to be a man eating plant.

"Sector lord level 9 Sha Luo flower?" Luo Feng’s expression changed. "How did he nurture 2 sector lord level 9 plants?"

"Ah…"

The Sha Luo flower’s ear piercing noise resounded from its flowers.

The many bright colored flowers instantly rushed towards Luo Feng, the huge flowers’ and their mouths crackled as it crunched its teeth, saliva drooling from within.