Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 72: Twin Headed Black Striped Snake

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"A black striped snake that's about to become a dragon; it's surely a high level commander and nearing the horde leader level!" Gao Feng's expression was extremely serious, and he said in a small voice, "And since it's a mutated twin headed black striped snake, its venom is many times more powerful than a regular black striped snake! It also has two venom sacs, and each of those venom sacs are worth double the amount of a non-mutated black striped snake".

"In other words--"

"This twin headed black striped snake is worth the same amount as four black striped snakes of the same level! A black striped snake that's about to become a dragon is worth around 400 million, so this twin headed black striped snake is worth 1.6 billion! The price is comparable to a regular low level horde leader monster" after Gao Feng said these numbers, the heart rate of the others started increasing rapidly…… they have killed hundreds of commander level monsters over the past few days.

But all of that is not even close to the amount of money that the twin headed black striped snake is worth! Obviously, killing stronger monsters earns money at a higher rate.

"Of course, this twin headed black striped snake is extremely dangerous, once you get bit by it or get poisoned by it in any way, it's certain death!" Gao Feng said lowly, "And it has two brains, so both heads can attack the enemy together".

"Are we doing this?" Gao Feng looked towards the other members of the squad and finally laid his eyes on Luo Feng.

Everyone was silent as they looked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng was the one to make the decision!

A twin headed black striped snake would make them tons of money! But at the same time, it's extremely dangerous!

"I'm in!"

Luo Feng clenched his teeth, "Captain, what about you?". With his spiritual force, his dodging would be unpredictable!

"Luo Feng, help me a bit if there's trouble" Gao Feng clenched his teeth, "Fighters are supposed to walk on the border of life and death. Wei Tie, give me your shield".

"Here, captain".

Wei Tie had no hesitation as he gave his shield to Gao Feng. And Gao Feng put one of his hammers on the ground. He had a shield in his left hand and a hammer in his right. He laughed at himself: "After all this time, I still rarely use a shield in combat. However, this twin headed black striped snake is just too dangerous. If I don't use a shield, I'll actually be quite scared".

"Captain, I'll attack from afar and you attack up close" said Luo Feng quietly, "If something happens, I'll use my spiritual force on your shield or hammer and you can use that force to dodge away".

"Understood" Gao Feng nodded.

Luo Feng looked at the other three and said: "I'll go down with the captain, you guys stay here. Oh yea, brother Chen, aim with your sniper rifle…… and make sure nobody tries to take advantage of us and steal the kill!".

"No worries, I'll keep aiming below" laughed Chen Gu slightly, "If you want me to fire, just notify me directly".

"Okay"

Through the tactical communications watch, members of a squad can keep in touch any time.

"Captain, let's go". Luo Feng and Gao Feng speeded down the stairs. Against a monster of this level, Chen Gu and the others could do nothing to help.

Luo Feng and Gao Feng reached the ground and, using their memory, went along a ruined, stony path towards the location of the twin headed black striped snake.

"BOOM!"

"HISS~" the ear piercing hiss of the snake carried over from far away.

Luo Feng and Gao Feng exchanged glances, and the tactical communications watch slightly vibrated at the same time. Luo Feng lowered his head to look, and a line of words appeared on the tactical communications watch--"three people suddenly appeared and are currently in an intense battle with the twin headed black striped snake".

Gao Feng also received the news and said quietly: "Didn't think that some other group would get to it first. However, let's go take a look".

"Let's go" Luo Feng also nodded.

The two of them rapidly got close and quickly arrived at the corner of a residential apartment. Past the corner, Luo Feng caught a glimpse of the three men currently fighting against the twin headed black striped snake around a few dozen meters away. The three men looked like they were from Western or Southern Asia. Their hair was slightly curly and their skin color was slightly dark.

The bald man who seemed to be the leader of these three men held a dark, golden bo staff around three meters long.

The staff in his hand was like a swimming dragon. Every time the triangular head of the twin headed black striped snake hissed as it flew over to him, the bo staff would always be quick enough to smash the snake. Even if it couldn't smash the head, it would still smash the body of the twin headed black striped snake. Sometimes, the 'point' on the head of the bo staff would connect, causing the twin headed black striped snake to hiss in rage!

As for the other two, they both held a rectangular shield in one hand and a gigantic scimitar in the other. These two were close together and attacked as a team: their coordination was amazing.

"PENG!"

The rusty fitness machines that filled the sector from long ago were all smashed open by the swinging tail of the twin headed black striped snake, and the bald brute also retreated rapidly. The bo staff turned and formed a whirlwind that blocked all of the scrap metal, and the master of the staff retreated rapidly.

"Great bo staff technique" Gao Feng couldn't help but to say quietly, "This bald guy is probably an advanced level warlord. The other two are probably medium level warlords".

Luo Feng nodded. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

This brute dared to go head to head with the twin headed black striped snake, so it's easy to tell that he's strong.

"SI SI~~"

The twin headed black striped snake was enraged, and the cold eyes of the two gigantic snake heads were enough to send chills down your spine. It repeatedly widely opened its mouth as it attacked. Under the attack of the twin headed black striped snake, the three of them retreated rapidly and started to exchange words. After hearing the conversation between the three, Luo Feng and Gao Feng instantly determined--Indians!

After the battle, one of the heads of the twin headed black striped snake was bleeding. It was smashed by the bo staff of the bald brute! However, this wound was clearly not fatal.

WHOOSH! WHOOSH! WHOOSH!

The three Indians swiftly headed towards the direction of Luo Feng and Gao Feng.

"Feel free to fight it if you can" the bald brute squeezed out some chinese. At this time, the twin headed black snake was hissing as it charged over.

Luo Feng and Gao Feng laughed coldly and didn't say much, and then swiftly dodged to the side. They weren't stupid enough to charge directly at a twin headed black striped snake. The leader of the three Indians, the bald brute, couldn't help but to curse under his voice and then shot his three meter long bo staff at the twin headed black striped snake.

"Now is the time"

Luo Feng already grabbed his black throwing knife as he dodged, and this was a 9th series throwing knife! He threw it with lightning speed!

The throwing knife formed a cold light as it shot towards the left head of the twin headed black striped snake. As an existence that is almost a dragon, the twin headed black striped snake is extremely intelligent. It saw that the insignificant human threw a throwing knife, so its left head swiftly waved. The brain of a snake has always worked extremely quickly!

The left head of the twin headed black striped snake instantly became blurred.

"Its intellect was used against itself" laughed Luo Feng coldly, "Change!"

He purposefully threw his throwing knife to make the wiseacre twin headed black striped snake to think he used hidden weapons. Using common sense, throwing knives can't change direction in the air. Sadly…… Luo Feng wasn't some hidden weapons expert, but was tens to hundreds of times stronger than a hidden weapons expert.

When there was just barely a meter left between the throwing knife and the twin headed black striped snake, the knife slightly changed direction. Just this slight change caused the knife to charge towards one of the eyes of the twin headed black striped snake's left head.

"HISS~" the twin headed black striped snake hissed out of rage, and in that short moment, actually made an dodging movement with its left head!

Know that, Luo Feng's throwing knife was already going at a few times faster than the speed of sound, even faster than a sniper bullet!

A distance of one meter and a speed several times the speed of sound, not even a thousandth of a second!

And since the throwing knife was moving so quickly, even Luo Feng couldn't be sure that he changed it at 1 meter or 1.5 meters. Since the throwing knife was so fast, a slight delay means that the knife could've moved forward by 10 meters already. Even if he reacts quickly, in that short moment, Luo Feng can only change the knife's direction once!

And in just that short moment, not only did the twin headed black striped snake react, but it also dodged! Of course, since it was such a short moment, the twin headed black striped snake dodged under extreme circumstances.

"PU!" the throwing knife shot at the mouth of the twin headed black striped snake and drew out a gap, and grazed the twin headed black striped snake's scales.

CHI CHI~~

It only left a white mark, and the throwing knife directly reflected into the ground.

"Such horrifying defense" Luo Feng was startled, "Such amazing dodging capabilities. It changed direction in such a short distance, and this twin headed black striped snake was still able to dodge? This is going to be a problem!" Luo Feng knew that getting rid of this twin headed black striped snake by himself would be extremely difficult.

"Hiss~" the two heads of the twin headed black striped snake both turned towards Luo Feng. Its left head had a huge gap in its mouth, and a deep, green colored blood flowed out continuously.

The bald brute who wielded the long bo staff laughed loudly, and as he retreated, he yelled in his awkward chinese, "Team up, split half?". His gaze was on Luo Feng.

Luo Feng and Gao Feng exchanged glances.

"Alright" said Luo Feng.

"OK!" Gao Feng even purposefully made a gesture.

The three Indians and Luo Feng and Gao Feng, both groups instantly made their decision to cooperate. The bald brute's strength earned Luo Feng and Gao Feng's recognition while Luo Feng's throwing knives earned the three Indian's recognition! Only with strength can you earn others' attention and respect!

And outside of Wan-Ke dream city was a fighter squad of nine that was currently slowly heading forward. In this squad of nine were the members of the tiger fang squad.

"Hm? That's the sound of a snake, and an extremely powerful one at that".

Out of the nine, a veteran whose hair was white spoke.