Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 702: Luo Ke Holy Water

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Internal world.

Black clothed Luo Feng stood amidst the large amount of items. In his hand, he held a well carved silver card. Even though he had checked through Pan Xi’s items in the world ring before, it was impossible for him to detect anything special. However, in his own internal world, he was the king within. Hence, his sensing abilities were much stronger, he immediately detected something different about this silver card…

"This is actually a card that stores a world within, I didn’t even feel it before, what exquisite craftsmanship." Black clothed Luo Feng exclaimed softly.

Chi!

A thread of his world energy forcefully invaded that silver card. Within it even held a part of Pan Xi’s memories, however without Pan Xi himself to support it, it was but a memory. It was quickly broken through and Luo Feng left his imprint within.

Luo Feng’s world energy entered the silver card’s world.

This was a tiny world with an area of only about 100km, other than a flat land and a river in the center of the world with a diameter of about 10 km, there wasn’t anything else. The water was ice cold and cold air filled the entire world.

"What’s this?" Black clothed Luo Feng frowned.

The entire world, under careful examination seemed very normal, the continent was normal, but only the river seemed special.

However Luo Feng couldn’t recognize it.

…

"Babata!"

"Babata!" Black clothed Luo Feng’s consciousness connected to his own space ring and called out to Babata.

Other than the earth body itself which had Babata in him, the Yun Mo planet ship, black clothed Luo Feng, golden horned beast and the automaton ship all functioned with the AI that Babata had created. This subsidiary AI could be said to be Babata’s clone, Babata could control it.

It had all of Babata’s stored memories, only it lacked a living quality, it could only be considered the best of AIs.

Of course!

Normally when Luo Feng was in the Yun Mo planet ship, Babata’s main body would enter the ship and take over the control of the ship.

"Master." The AI said very respectfully.

"Come scan this, have you seen a river like this before?" With a thought, black clothed Luo Feng’s consciousness entered the world.

Cold!

Even though he was an energy life form, he still shuddered slightly. This 100km area world was extremely cold, and the cold air all emanated from the river.

"Hm?" Black clothed Luo Feng suddenly felt a lot more comfortable, his life crystal seemed to have been provided some warmth.

"Master, I’ve seen this before." The AI shouted excitedly.

"Ah?" Black clothed Luo Feng asked, "What is it?"

"This is Luo Ke Holy water." The AI said. "Back then, the master had taken part in an auction, of which 1 cubic km of Luo Ke holy water was auctioned. Back then it was stored in a small world bracelet, I even remember its selling price was 8.9 million mixed elements."

Black clothed Luo Feng stared wide eyed.

My god!

8.9 million mixed elements? 1 li km?

"Pan Xi!" Black clothed Luo Feng turned fiercely and stared hard at the river, carefully scanning the entire area.

It’s shape wasn’t exactly round, it’s largest diameter was 16.2 km, and the smallest at 10.3km. Also, the depth of the river was 3.2km. With black clothed Luo Feng’s scanning abilities, he instantly measured it’s entirety accurately. It was also the entire amount of the Luo Ke Holy water…712 cubic km!

How much was that?

According to the auction price, how much was it worth?

6.337 billion!

"6.3 billion mixed elements?" Luo Feng was stunned, completely stunned.

Was this a treat from heaven?

A beggar had suddenly found a gold mountain?

A punk from earth was suddenly informed by the Ganwu universe county’s leader…you are my long lost son, I’ll give the entire universe country to you!

It was this exact feeling.

Stunned!

"6.3 billion mixed elements, my god, I’ve really struck it rich. This is truly a huge fortune." Black clothed Luo Feng roared within.

"Luo Fu Qi board?"

"Yun Mo planet ship?"

"Void flame gold?"

"Purple 100 net leaf?"

Black clothed Luo Feng shivered. The wealth from before all added together was only about 10 million mixed elements. This was akin to a normal official level undying’s wealth. Even if the soldier armor he acquired was very expensive, it was not usable by others. The rest of humanity probably couldn’t use it. However this Luo Ke holy water was different, it was something that went through auctions in humanity.

1 li km, that alone sold for 8.9 million mixed elements!

This river of his was worth over 6.3 billion mixed elements!

"Luo Ke Holy water, it’s named after a legendary being of humanity Luo Ke from an extremely ancient time when the universe had just been born." The AI explained, "Back then he discovered this water unexpectedly. He found out that it had extraordinary life energy, it can be used to nurture plant life forms and heal the body. All in all, anything that can absorb life energy can use it, it has many uses, hence its price is also very high. The level of life energy it contains is extremely high, much more powerful than a life fruit. It has a very good effect of undying plant life forms, hence many undyings want to buy it."

Black clothed Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed as he nodded, almost like a chicken pecking at rice.

Fortune.

He had struck it big. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

A normal official level undying’s wealth was only about 10 million mixed element, even an official pinnacle, probably only had 1 hundred million mixed elements max.

6.3 billion mixed elements, how much was that? That was probably all of an emperor level undying’s wealth! Of course for a being like True Yan that was close to becoming a knight…he was much more wealthy than normal emperor level undyings. To True Yan and Sky feather emperor, they wouldn’t even flinch when tossing out treasures worth over millions of mixed elements.

"Master." The AI said respectfully. "Your treasures from before are mostly items used by official level undyings. This Luo Ke holy water however…is already the depths of an emperor level undying."

"The depths of an emperor level undying?" Luo Feng laughed.

This was a good comparison.

At different levels of strength, the difference was stark. A powerful emperor level undying could easily decimate a group of official level undyings, and the wealth they could acquire was also shocking. Naturally, they had extreme amounts of wealth! However even so, many emperor level undyings would probably have to take everything they had to buy this river of Luo Ke holy water.

"Hahaha…" Black clothed Luo Feng laughed loudly, "Looks like we cannot underestimate normal people at all."

"Even though Pan Xi was a big slave trader, he seemed normal, and many official level undyings wouldn’t even give him a second look. Who’d have thought, he had Luo Ke holy water?" Black clothed Luo Feng laughed loudly. "He sure was cautious, even the Virtual Universe Company didn’t know he had such a thing!"

The vast universe was extremely mysterious.

It had countless life forms, those with such encounters were definitely plenty.

If Luo Feng could have such things, others naturally did too!

Pan Xi did have such a miracle. Actually, he himself didn’t know that this was Luo Ke holy water, however as he used it to nurture his Metal vine, he was shocked to discover that it helped it evolve too easily. It evolved at an alarming rate, finally stopping only at sector lord level 9. And the amount of Luo Ke holy water he used on the Metal vine was but a small portion of it.

After which he used it to nurture the even more powerful Sha Luo flower, easily making it reach sector lord level 9!

He immediately understood…

This Luo Ke holy water was a treasure!

It took tens of thousands of mixed elements for a Sha Luo flower to reach sector lord level 9. However, he simply used a small bit of the Luo Ke Holy water and it did the trick. How much would the entire river be worth? Thinking of such a huge sum…he naturally felt fearful, he was clear that if he revealed just a little of it, the powerful undyings, even the maybe the Ganwu universe country leader may act on him.

He was fearful!

Hence he hid it well and remained low profile, he kept it as his true trump card when he evolved. He also occasionally sipping some as he trained, speeding his training up. Hence even without a teacher, he was still able to breakthrough to sector lord level. This was the miraculous use of the Luo Ke Holy water.

"There are many miraculous encounters in the universe!"

"And the treasures are different in levels too. When I acquired the Yun Mo planet ship, the Luo Fu Qi board, the Purple 100 net leaf etc, they were all official level undying treasures. And now this…is truly a top class emperor level undying treasure." Black clothed Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, "6.3 billion mixed elements, billions!"

He couldn’t help but get more excited as he thought about it.

…

Within the Yun Mo planet ship.

Luo Feng sat in his resting room, he couldn’t help but smile excitedly.

"I’ve struck it rich."

"When I got lucky before, it was mostly in training. Like getting the beast god statue etc, these were all treasures I worked hard to get. And this, is truly good luck…almost like a treat from the heavens. My god, I never expected to have such a day. Haha…" Luo Feng was extremely pleased and carefree.

How carefree?

"With this river of Luo Ke holy water, I will have deeper pockets. I’ve been spending so much, without earning anything. Sooner or later I’d be left with nothing." Luo Feng smiled. "Now however, with this river…"

"Hm."

"Cloud contact vine." With a thought, he immediately placed the cloud contact vine within the world ring.

After which he kept the vine within his internal world.

After that, he placed it within the little world’s Luo Ke Holy water river.

World within another world…

"With this river, it’ll be very easy for the cloud contact vine to reach sector lord level 9. Luo Feng thought. "Hm, however it won’t be that easy to breakthrough to undying! Otherwise, after so many years, Pan Xi’s metal vine and Sha Luo flower would long have broken through to undying. However with the help of this holy water, it’ll probably help the cloud contact vine’s chances a lot more in breaking through."

Luo Feng was extremely elated.

"Luo Feng, Luo Feng." Babata shouted, "There’s mail."

"Mail?" Luo Feng was stunned.

Ah.

Looks like there was an outcome from the completion of the 1st level of the highest point mission.