Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 703: Knight’s Visit

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Luo Feng connected to the virtual universe network.

Virtual universe, Yu Xiang mountain’s primal region, Luo Feng’s villa.

"Teacher?" Luo Feng was shocked to see a silhouette within his living room, it was the golden armored ape man True Yan emperor. When True Yan saw Luo Feng, he smiled, "You’ve finally come."

"You are looking for me teacher?" Luo Feng asked curiously.

Babata who sat on Luo Feng’s shoulder said with his piercing voice, "Luo Feng, the mail was sent by your teacher."

"I sent the mail to get you to come into the virtual universe as fast as possible." True Yan said.

Luo Feng smiled, "I have to say, I just killed Pan Xi, just completing the 1st level of the Highest points mission, I was shocked after receiving mail…I thought that the verdict of the mission was out that quickly, it’d probably have to take some time after all."

"You’ve finished the 1st level?" True Yan frowned.

"Hm." Luo Feng nodded.

"Tell me." True Yan ordered.

"Yes teacher." Luo Feng explained the entire mission to him, without withholding any information about his methods.

"You’ve killed quite a bit." True Yan smiled, "Very much like my style."

Luo Feng was stunned.

"Domain lord highest points missions are set to test the character." True Yan, as one of the upper level members of the virtual universe company, even though he wasn’t the true top level, he was still clear on many things, he smiled casually and said, "Afterall, they can’t spend their resources on nurturing just any genius, especially if one doesn’t have any beliefs, are extremely selfish or will be a liability in the future in the outer region wars or secret regions."

Luo Feng nodded.

"The entire mission has to be synchronized online, they will judge your gaze, your every word, how you deal with the small members, how you punish the big figures, etc studying every bit of you." True Yan smiled, "They’ll finally determine if you are fit to be nurtured, many absolute geniuses are judged from the 1st level completely."

"Teacher, do you think my 1st level will be able to pass 80% completion?" Luo Feng asked.

"It’s hard to say." True Yan said.

"Hard to say?" Luo Feng was curious.

It’s because I don’t know who is in charge of judging you." True Yan shook his head, "There are many amongst the top echelon of the virtual universe company, everyone has different characters, if it were your senior Bloodthirsty emperor, he would probably give you a high score. However some of them dislike geniuses who massacre so much, they might give you a lower score, after all, you did kill quite an absurd number of people this time. Over 1 million, and your methods were vicious, it’s obvious there’s blood thirst in your bones…some upper echelon members may dislike that."

Luo Feng was speechless.

So what if they disliked it, it was him!

"Teacher." Luo Feng didn’t want to think anymore about the mission, he smiled and asked, "Is there something you need from me?"

"An extremely important matter." True Yan’s expression grew serious.

"Hm?" Luo Feng was stunned.

"Let me know, other than Yan Zhu, have you messed with any important people in the Huge Axe dojo?" True Yan carefully analyzed Luo Feng’s gaze.

Luo Feng was stunned.

"No." Luo Feng shook his head, "I’ve had some trouble with Yan Zhu, you know that well. As for others…I really cannot think of anyone else big that I’ve had issues with."

"Then that’s strange." True Yan frowned.

"Why?" Luo Feng asked, feeling nervous.

True Yan said seriously, "An absolute being of the Huge Axe dojo…a being even more terrifying than Yan Zhu’s father Shi Huo knight…Undying knight! He went through me to get your contact, and personally wishes to contact you." Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

"Undying knight?" Luo Feng was stunned, "Who is he?"

Undying?

This title sure was intimidating.

"Undying Knight is a true member of the upper echelon of the Huge axe dojo, he’s lived a much longer time than Shi Huo emperor. The title undying, means his ability to survive is incredibly strong, over long periods of time he’s experienced many life or death situations and yet he’s still alive. As for his strength and position, it’s definitely comparable to the Tian Shi palace leader of our virtual universe company." True Yan emphasized.

Luo Feng took a deep breath.

Undying knight?

Meeting him personally, he hadn’t even heard of this person before, why would he want to meet? And he was the upper echelon of the huge axe dojo, if it were the virtual universe company, it could be one that liked geniuses…however the other leviathans, they wouldn’t do this. Even if they wanted disciples, they’d have to go through the virtual universe company’s internal upper management to do so.

"Undying Knight’s teacher is the pinnacle of humanity." True Yan emphasized, :The creator of the Huge Axe dojo!"

Luo Feng opened his mouth but no words came out.

The creator of the Huge Axe dojo?

"The creator of the Huge Axe primal chaos tablet?" Luo Feng asked even though he knew.

True Yan nodded.

One of Humanity’s treasures, the 52 chaos tablets, of which the Huge Axe tablet was ranked 1st, it had a total of 32 levels on the heavenly bridge, and the 2nd Universe tablet had 30 levels. Luo Feng trained in the 9 universe tablet that only had 27 levels! One could see the power just from the tablets and their levels.

To leave behind a tablet, one had to be an absolute pinnacle being.

The Huge axe tablet was ranked 1st!

And the huge axe dojo and the virtual universe company were both the 2 most powerful existences in humanity, the creator of the Huge Axe dojo…that level of power, one could only imagine. For True Yan to call him a true pinnacle being of humanity, it wasn’t hard to understand.

"Damn." Luo feng’s heart raced, his mind was in a flurry, "Power akin to Tian Shi palace leader, one of the top of the Huge Axe dojo, his teacher is an even more terrifying being. Why would such a powerful being even want to meet me, such a small figure?"

Luo feng was very clear on his position.

There were many geniuses, the absolute geniuses from the past 10,000 eras, during that same amount of time, another 10,000 such geniuses could be born. And the universe had been around for an extremely long time, who knows how many absolute geniuses have been born, with miraculous encounters and all. Those that were able to survive to become a knight were extremely few.

Undying knight probably didn’t even care about True Yan, much less himself.

"Meet me?" Luo Feng was even more puzzled.

"Since you haven’t messed with anyone, and have no connection to him, I can relax." True Yan laughed carefree, "Go on with your life and await his call."

"Hm." Luo Feng nodded.

His teacher left, leaving him alone in his study waiting patiently.

Fear?

Curiousity?

It was like if a normal person on earth was informed…by the president of America or china that they’d both come specially to meet him.

…

Every second felt like a year, Luo Feng didn’t know whether he’d have to wait for a day, a month or a year before Undying Knight would call him.

…

3 seconds after his teacher left, he got a call request.

"Anonymous number." Babata said.

"Connect."

Luo feng quickly stood up and pointed in mid air, a huge screen appeared and ripples and blurry waves filled the screen, powerful pressure emanated over from the screen, engulfing the entire study, Luo Feng couldn’t even resist it as he quickly bowed over, unable to lift his head.

Suddenly, an ear piercing strange laughter resounded, almost like glass scratching against a black board.

The pressure finally diminished.

Only then did Luo Feng lift his head and look at the silhouette on the screen, he seemed dressed in a weird armor, one couldn’t even say it was armor, it was like a blur of vines that formed it, countless vines that wrapped about him, his eyes glowed green. Luo Feng had only just met eyes with him before he fell into an endless nightmare illusion.

Countless demons howling making him unable to resist, in an instant, they devoured him.

"Ah." Only then did Luo Feng awake.

"Wawawa…" The strange laughter resounded from the silhouette behind the countless vines, shaking the space about.

"Even through a screen, he easily shook the virtual universe space, able to trap me in an illusion." Luo Feng finally felt the power of this absolute being, even though his willpower was sturdy, it was still like a blade against an endless swamp.

"Little punk, your willpower is not bad." The strange laughter resounded.

"You are?" Luo Feng asked respectfully.

"Me?" The strange sound rose fiercely, "I am the great Undying Knight, you can call me Undying Knight, remember, it’s Undying Knight. Not just Knight!"

Luo Feng was shocked within.

Is this undying knight mad?

"Greetings Undying Knight." Luo feng bowed respectfully.

"Hm."

His green eyes gleamed in the screen, scanning Luo Feng, suddenly he madly waved his armor, countless vines shook before he said satisfied, "Little punk, you are the leader of the milky way galaxy, earth’s leader right?"

"Ah… yes!" Luo Feng reacted.

"That’s good."

The weird temperamental undying knight laughed strangely, "I want to buy the milky way! Sell it to me, you can say any conditions, as long as I can, I will agree to it."

"Milky way?" Luo Feng was stunned.

A small galaxy…this was a true upper echelon member of the huge axe dojo, something that wouldn’t appeal to this undying knight. Afterall, with his ability, building a universe country wasn’t exactly a hard thing to do.

"With undying knight’s ability, you can acquire the milky way galaxy, anytime." Luo Feng said.

"The 1,008 universe countries have their authorities, put in place by the 5 leviathans together, I cannot mess with that." The countless vines on the screen shook, undying knight laughed strangely, "Hence I will buy it very normally, you are the leader, as long as you sell it to me, it’ll be over. Quickly, will you sell or not! My time is precious, I don’t have any to waste on you."