Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 705: Earth! Earth!

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Yan Zhu emperor smiled satisfied.

How could he not?

Back when he arranged for someone to leave one of his undying crystals there, it was to prepare for when he could come and deal with Luo Feng someday. This petty action actually allowed him to help his father now!

"This earth is located in a remote location. No other undyings under the other knights would have left their markers here." A jade haired old man with a single horn laughed. "Without a marker, they have no way to teleport via god country over! Hence, we are definitely the fastest."

"Haha…" Yan Zhu’s smile grew even wider.

A black armored lady with scales on her face nodded. "If the other knights sent their people here, they’d still have to teleport via their god countries to the closest nearby spot before flying slowly over in a ship. Black Dragon Mountain starfield…it’s a very normal star field, with only 2 undyings. How many of the knight’s underlings would have even left markers about."

They had to have markers left somewhere.

Only through that could they teleport via their god countries. Back when Dylan brought Luo Feng before, he had to teleport to a certain point in the universe country before taking a ship and flying for awhile before reaching Jade Dome planet.

"The others would probably take at least 3 to 5 days to get here." A hoarse voice resounded from a skinny intrepid lizard like man.

"Senior Yan Zhu, you give the order on what we should do here on earth. The 5 of us will be sure to complete your orders." The black armored lady said.

"Since you all agree on this, then I’ll give the order." Yan Zhu smiled.

A total of 6 emperor level undyings under Shi Huo knight had come, along with 12 official level undyings. Even though Yan Zhu was considered the weakest amongst the other emperors, he held seniority as his father had him before he even became undying. And the other emperor level undyings…almost all of them were accepted after Shi Huo knight had become a knight.

Hence!

Yan Zhu was considered amongst the disciples under Shi Huo knight, the 2nd senior.

"Bu Na!"

Yan Zhu suddenly shouted.

"Lord."

A tall and sturdy silver armored bald man instantly appeared and bowed.

"With so many emperor level undyings here, Luo Feng may not dare show himself, and he’s had some trouble with me before too. This time…father’s orders are absolute, we need to buy earth easily without any complicated methods. You go and find a way to draw out Luo Feng to meet you." Yan Zhu ordered, mocking. "That Luo Feng is an aboriginal at birth, he probably doesn’t even know of earth being special. Even my father and the other universe knights had just found out, how would he know. Buying it from him should be easy."

"For example, you can just tell him you want to buy the milky way galaxy. This way we can avoid hinting to him about earth being special." Yan Zhu laughed.

"Understood." The bald man replied.

"Go on." Yan Zhu ordered, "The moment there’s any news, inform me."

"Yes." The bald man became a beam of light and swiftly vanished.

"My juniors, we need to not let Luo Feng discover us when he’s returning to earth. There may be some trouble when Bu Na draws him out, let’s all head to space for now." Yan Zhu looked at the surrounding undyings, his gaze landing on the jade haired single horned old man, "9th junior, we’ll rely on you."

"Haha."

The old man laughed. Even though there were 6 emperor level undyings about, only he was able to use teleportation. His undying energy immediately engulfed the group of undyings.

"Let’s go!"

Shua!

The group of undyings instantly vanished from earth and appeared 1 light year away in an uknown space.

"No matter what soft of detection abilities he has, he won’t be able to discover us 1 light year away." The old man said confidently.

"Haha…" Yan Zhu and the other emperor level undyings all laughed, the other 11 official level undyings just stood there obediently.

The group of undyings chatted within the vast space, awaiting Bu Na to send a message. The moment they received it, they could instantly teleport over back to earth.

…

Earth, Eurasia continent, china, Yang Zhou city.

There were close to 10,000 people living in Luo residence. The members of his family didn’t even reach 30,000, most of them were in charge of managing the milky way galaxy and doing business with other powerful families etc. With Luo Feng’s supervisor envoy position, it was too easy for them to do business.

Even though their family was small, their status was extremely high.

Firstly, Xu Xin stayed on earth, along with Luo Feng’s parents, his brother Luo Hua and his two children. The children frequently explored the universe but still stay within their home for long periods of time.

"Mum."

"Mum."

In a vast grassland in Luo residence, with a glance, hundreds of infants were crawling about, some crying out for their mothers.

Xu Xin stood in the distance smiling at them.

These hundreds of infants were a small portion of newborn in the Luo family. Afterall, with hundreds of years of growth, his bloodline alone had descendants in hundreds of thousands. Every year, the number of newborns was a huge number. These hundreds…were the infants of the elites, otherwise how would they have the right to live in the actual residence.

There was no way.

After a family grows huge, especially over thousands of years. China had 5000 years of history and culture, if a family expands over a thousand years, with enough land, food, resources and being able to marry many, then the numbers would far exceed that of the entire population of earth. The reason why the population of earth was so small was mainly because there was a limit to land and food etc.

The large population meant there would be stricter rules, differentiation in levels and status within the family etc.

Rumble!

A formless pressure engulfed the entire Luo Residence.

"Who?"

11 silhouettes rose into the sky, it was the 11 sector lords stationed there, they looked about angrily. There stood in the sky and looked at the tall and sturdy bald silver armored man. He smiled at them, giving off a formless pressure, his presence was like a glaring sun.

God!

Luckily he controlled his pressure and only used it as a warning. Otherwise the infants would probably have died.

"Undying." One of the sector lord guards roared. "This is the residence of the Ganwu Department supervisor envoy Luo Feng. We are under orders from the Virtual Universe Company and are members of his guard team. Why have you…come over here?"

"I want to meet Luo Feng." The bald sun like man smiled, gazing down, focusing on Xu Xin, with a wave of his hand…

Shua!

Xu Xin rose into the sky and flew towards him, unable to break free. The bald man’s pressure engulfed the entire residence as he smiled, "I only wish to meet Luo Feng, that simple. Don’t make me angry, or else…the consequences will be dire."

Virtual universe, Yu Xiang mountain primal region, Luo Feng’s villa.

Luo Feng was within his study, his conversation with undying knight before had left him disturbed.

"Earth?"

"Undying knight is already one of the true upper echelons of the Huge Axe Dojo. His position is extremely high. He actually personally looked for me to buy earth." Luo Feng frowned and pondered. "Just what is so special about my home earth. The mysterious black metal board I found before already shows that…earth is indeed special, however my teacher Hu Yan Bo controlled earth for so long. Yet, I’ve never heard anything about it being special from Babata. And within our humanity’s history on earth, there haven’t been any shocking places."

Luo Feng was suspicious.

Suddenly…

Du!

Du!

Du!

Consecutive call requests appeared on the screen beside him, Babata shouted out, "Your son Luo Ping, along with Bai Kalo, Di Fan and your sector lord guards, and your father Luo Hong Guo…they are all calling you…"

"Put them all through." Luo Feng’s expression changed.

Shua!

10 screens appeared in the study, many silhouettes appeared before him, all of them from earth.

"Dad, hurry back, mum’s been captured. An undying came here."

"Master, an undying has come, this is the footage."

"Your majesty Luo Feng…"

All sorts of hurried and anxious voices resounded, Luo Feng focused on all 10 at a time, instantly picking out the gist of what they all said, all while watching the footage.

His expression immediately changed, calling Dylan in.

"Your majesty." Dylan looked curiously at Luo Feng.

"Look." Luo Feng pointed at the 10 screens before him, many of it replaying the footage Luo Ping and Di Fan sent him.

"It’s an undying, ah, official level undying Burning Heart official Bu Na." Dylan recognized him immediately. Even though there were many undyings within the universe, undyings had amazing memory, they were normally able to recognize large amounts of others. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"He’s captured my family member." Luo Feng’s expression changed. "Let’s head to earth now!"

"Yes." Dylan didn’t even try to stop him.

…

The Yun Mo planet ship which was flying within the dark universe swiftly went through universe travel back to the actual universe. After which, through the god country teleportation, it entered Dylan’s god country and finally teleported to the solar system.

…

Solar system, mars.

A blur of lights rippled in the space and a blood colored triangular ship appeared, it was the Yun Mo planet ship.

As earth was Luo Feng’s home, in order to rush back in times of crisis, Dylan had placed a marker on earth. Along with 12 other places about the solar system to be prudent. Afterall, they may not necessarily be able to teleport to earth all the time.

Like now, with the undying Bu Na on earth, he could easily scan the entire earth.

The moment Dylan teleported through his god country onto earth, Bu Na would easily find his marker and dylan’s god country would be revealed. That was extremely dangerous.

"Your majesty, we’ll immediately head towards earth." The Yun Mo planet ship accelerated.

Sou!

It became a beam of light and quickly entered universe travel, entering the dark universe and quickly returning, only 10 seconds had passed before they reached earth’s space.