Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 706: Discussion

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Luo Feng and Dylan became beams of light and instantly tore through the atmosphere and arriving in the air above his residence. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Hm?" Luo Feng easily saw in the distant skies the tall and sturdy undying. Beside him was his wife Xu Xin and she was obviously bound without any way to break free.

"Dad."

"Your majesty."

"Master."

The group of undyings looked at Luo Feng and Dylan as they appeared, their faces filled were with joy. Even Xu Xin who was bound, her eyes lit with excitement and worry as she saw Luo Feng.

"Hahaha… Your majesty Luo Feng sure is fast." The sun like undying Bu Na turned and smiled.

"Burning heart official." Luo Feng frowned, "You are an official level undying, to do such a thing without a care for your status, it’s truly shocking, please release my wife."

Bu Na smiled, "I didn’t expect your majesty Luo Feng to know my name too, it sure is an honor. I’m controlling your wife…only to bring you here, without any ill intentions. Since your majesty has asked me to do so…I naturally will!"

As he said so, Xu Xin realized she was free to move, without saying anything, she swiftly flew back to the ground.

Luo Feng looked on suspiciously at Burning heart official, "Burning heart official, why have you come looking for me?"

"Let’s find a quiet spot to sit and chat." He replied.

"Simple."

Luo Feng nodded.

Simultaneously the mosha body within the world ring held the main core…as Luo Feng had refined this world ring so that he could easily exit from it, if others entered it, they had no way to get out.

The mosha clansman with the main core released his world energy and easily found its way out of the world ring!

It spread all over the Luo residence.

Keep!

Including Luo Feng’s parents Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan along with all the members of the family, with Di Fan etc, they all entered the gold continent. Di Fan along with the 10 sector lords etc, they didn’t know that this world ring they entered was actually his internal world.

Afterall, whether it was an internal world or another world, the only difference was the objects within that sustained it.

The internal world was held by his main core and life core.

The other world was held by valuable materials.

"Bu Na, let’s go down to chat." Luo feng smiled.

"Your majesty sure is cautious." The bald Bu Na glanced down. The Luo Residence was completely empty, he didn’t mind, smiling as he followed Luo Feng and Dylan into one of the yards below.

…

Within the yard.

The 3 sat down.

"Speak." Luo Feng looked at Bu Na and smiled indifferently. "Burning Heart official, you came all the way to earth, not caring about your status and using such methods to draw me out, just what is it about."

"Haha, I truly am regretful to do such a thing." Bu Na smiled. His face glowed with light as he emanated light law energies. "I happened to chance by the milky way galaxy and have wandered about it, I’m very intrigued by this galaxy and I cannot help it. Hence I came personally to your majesty’s home earth to want to buy the milky way galaxy."

Luo Feng was stunned.

Buy the milky way galaxy?

Didn’t Undying knight from before also want to buy the galaxy, and now this official level undying Bu Na wanted the same thing.

"A normal price of a galaxy is usually not even 1 mixed element. However I don’t wish to have you make a loss, I’m willing to fork out 100 mixed elements to buy the milky way galaxy. Are you willing?" Bu Na smiled at Luo Feng.

"100 mixed elements, what a high price." Luo Feng exclaimed.

What a joke.

This was something the undying knight of the Huge Axe dojo was willing to personally appear for. Back then, he was even willing to agree to anything Luo Feng asked. To such a being, even if Luo Feng had quoted a price akin to the worth of True Yan emperor, billions of mixed elements, undying knight would have agreed anyway.

Even in the end, all he wanted was an island of earth.

"Even undying knight, that level of being only got an island of earth, 100 mixed elements? He must be dreaming, he must think I don’t know how special earth is." Luo Feng mocked coldly within.

"It’s not high at all, I like the galaxy, hence it should have such a price." Bu Na said.

"Seems right."

Luo Feng nodded, "I’m willing to sell all the other planets in the milky way galaxy to you. However, earth is my home, I definitely cannot sell it."

Bu Na was stunned.

Luo Feng mocked coldly within, he enjoyed watching this official level undying’s expression. Go on and act, let’s see how much you can act.

"I really like the galaxy, the most exquisite part of it is this galaxy however is earth." Bu Na said, "Your majesty Luo Feng, speak your price. As long as it’s reasonable, I’m willing to pay."

"Hmph!"

Luo Feng stood up fiercely and roared, "Mr Bu Na, you know very well earth is my home, who would sell their home."

"No hope at all?" Bu Na looked at him.

"Nope." Luo Feng shook his head.

"Then there’s no way about it." Bu Na shook his head and swiftly sent a message to Yan Zhu emperor and the others via the virtual universe network.

Weng…

The south regions of earth had a sudden appearance of a group of undyings. After which, they all quickly teleported over to the yard in Luo Feng’s residence.

Within the yard.

"There’s undying energy searching." Dylan communicated to Luo Feng.

"Hm?" Luo Feng was shocked.

In the yard, a large group of 17 appeared, all with terrifying god presence, the formless pressure made Luo Feng go pale.

"Yan Zhu emperor." Luo Feng looked at the group that suddenly appeared. Yan Zhu emperor was dressed in an exquisite robe. He was accompanied by the powerful single horned old man, and the bone chilling black armored lady with fish scales on her face, along with another man who seemed dressed in a torn up robe but still giving off a special energy, and finally the lizard like man.

The 5 of them that stood beside Yan Zhu emperor all had terrifying energies. Behind them were another 11 undyings with pressure that was even stronger than Dylan’s.

"Luo Feng, we meet again." Yan Zhu emperor smiled.

"Yan Zhu emperor." Luo Feng got up to welcome them. Beside him Dylan’s expression changed as he communicated, "Your majesty, including that Bu Na from before, among these 18 undyings…6 of them are emperor level and 12 are official level. This is a very terrifying force, and they are all from the Huge Axe dojo. Your majesty should be extremely cautious."

"I understand." Luo Feng replied.

He pondered suspiciously within.

18 powerful undyings, one had to know that under the universe country leaders, there wasn’t even 1 emperor level undying. Normally, only the knights of the 5 leviathans had such beings! A total of 6 emperor levels …this was definitely a force that could decimate half of a universe country.

Ah?

These 18 were all from the huge axe dojo. That undying knight before was from the huge axe dojo too. Why were they all from there?

Luo Feng was suspicious within, yet he still spoke calmly, "Why has your majesty come personally to earth?"

"Don’t be nervous, sit." Yan Zhu emperor sat first, the other 5 emperor level undyings sat too.

"Yes." Luo Feng sat, Yan Zhu emperor had torn into him before, and yet now he was smiling.

"As to why I’m here, Bu Na has said it, I want to buy your earth." Yan Zhu sat there. His crystal like fingers that were more beautiful than a lady’s gently tapped on the stone table, he smiled at Luo Feng, "Cut the crap, speak your price, we will buy it."

Luo Feng frowned, "Earth is my home…"

"Speak a price!" Yan Zhu interrupted Luo Feng’s words, gently lifting his finger, "1 hundred million mixed elements."

Dylan who stood beside Luo Feng was stunned too.

1 hundred million mixed elements?

"I said before, I cannot sell my home." Luo Feng shook his head, "Even if it’s 1 hundred million mixed elements, I still can’t."

"Hahaha, ok, ok, ok." Yan Zhu smiled, "Bold indeed, I’ll show you some respect, I’ll give you a heavenly price…1 billion mixed elements! Many low level emperor level undyings have only accumulated that much wealth. With that amount of wealth, even nurturing your cloud contact vine to undying wouldn’t be a hard thing."

Luo Feng still shook his head.

Yan Zhu’s expression grew heavy.

"Hmph!"

He stood up fiercely, raging as he slammed the stone table, it immediately exploded apart with fragments flying in all directions, Dylan used his undying energy to control the fragments as the entire yard became a wasteland while his area was fine.

"I show you respect and yet you still refuse." Yan Zhu smiled coldly at Luo Feng, "Then we’ll do it the hard way!"

Rumble!

His powerful undying energy instantly wrapped about Dylan and Luo Feng, after which a world energy spread in all directions, engulfing the entire earth.

"Keep!" Yan Zhu’s expression was cold.

The entire earth, whether it was the chinese, americans, Africans etc, or even the slaves from other planets, every living human was kept into his world ring. As for earth itself, since his father Shi Huo knight wanted it, he didn’t dare keep it.

In an instant…

All humanity on earth was gone, only the ones in this yard were left.

"Other than the people here in this yard, there’s no other humans." Yan Zhu emperor released his undying energy binding.

Luo Feng’s expression changed, and he quickly released his spirit energy to scan. Every city in china was empty, the dishes were still steaming, tea still boiling, yet there wasn’t a single soul. Other than these people in the yard, no one was left.

Amidst the ruined yard, Yan Zhu looked coldly at Luo Feng and roared "I’ll give you 2 choices, the 1st, agree to sell earth to us and you’ll get 1 billion mixed elements and the humans of earth back. The 2nd, reject us and all of the humans kept in my world will die!"