Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 708: Mobilization

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

The Nakameng clan was one of the powerful races of humanity. Even though they were few in numbers, they were well adept in battle. And Bloodthirst emperor was one of the top 3 absolute beings of the entire clan. In terms of reputation, he was even more renowned than his teacher True Yan emperor, he had massacred heavily for his name!

Under his formless pressure, Bloodthirst emperor’s golden eyes swept past Yan Zhu emperor and the other emperor level undyings, he instantly shocked all 6 of them.

"Junior." He looked at Luo Feng and smiled.

"3rd senior?" Luo Feng was surprised and happy.

His 3rd senior actually came at the critical moment, how did he?

Beside, Dylan communicated, "Your majesty, when the grandmaster asked me to protect you, he actually had a trump card…for when you ever meet a great danger that even I cannot deal with, I could call my teacher over. As his disciple, I naturally carry one of his markers. Back then when I left some of my markers about the solar system, I also placed 3 of my teacher’s markers there. When Yan Zhu emperor faced you earlier, I immediately contacted him via the virtual universe network."

"Ah." Luo Feng was elated.

"Surprised?" Bloodthirst emperor looked at his junior, his voice powerful, "Relax, with me here, the Huge axe dojo cannot do anything to you!"

He also said, "I’ve already arranged for another friend of mine, Iron wall emperor to wait at the 9th teleportation point in the primal region. I carry his marker around, you should let 9 blade knight know. You are after all under him, he will definitely see to this matter."

"I’ve already reported." Luo Feng replied.

"Hm, if 9 blade sends his army, you can tell him to send them to the 9th teleportation point and come over with Iron wall emperor." Bloodthirst emperor said.

His mental conversation with Luo Feng ended instantly, after which he turned over to the 6 emperors with ugly expressions.

Yan Zhu and the others!

"I didn’t expect Tie Jun to come." Yan Zhu mocked. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

"Yan Zhu." Bloodthirst emperor gazed coldly at them. "This is my junior’s home, why have you and the Huge Axe Dojo people come? No matter what, this is still the home of a core member of our Virtual Universe Company. Naturally it is protected by the Virtual Universe Company, it’s better for you lot not to make a mess."

The jade haired old man suddenly shouted out, "Bloodthirst emperor, there’s 6 of us here, don’t you dare get arrogant!"

"Ah, Bao Jin emperor." Bloodthirst emperor glanced over. "You mean to say, that with the 6 of you emperors together, you can beat me?"

"Hmph."

The lizard man beside snorted coldly, saying hoarsely, "With me around, Bloodthirst emperor, you can dream about teleporting."

Bloodthirst emperor looked at him, "So it’s the Piercing heart emperor who is proficient in space lockdown. With you using that, indeed there’s no way for me to teleport. However that means that Bao Jin emperor cannot do so either. With everybody unable to so, and 1 against 6, who do you think will die when we truly engage?"

It was said very casually.

However, the words, who do you think will die made the 6 change their expressions. The difference between emperor level undyings was huge. If the legendary True Yan emperor appeared, Yan Zhu and the others probably wouldn’t even dare resist. As for Bloodthirst emperor…

Even though his reputation was higher than his teacher’s, his strength was still slightly weaker. However, he was still a high level emperor level undying, who was intrepid and strong…amongst the undyings of humanity. Who wouldn’t have heard of him?

1 against 6!

Even though it was very hard for an emperor level undying to die, even if the fight dragged on, Bloodthirst emperor would definitely survive while Yan Zhu’s side may very likely lose a couple of them.

…

Within the ruined yard.

The two sides faced off, as the Bloodthirst emperor’s energy pressured Yan zhu and the others.

This scene made Luo Feng incredibly excited. This was a true face off between the strong, one person threatening a group of other undyings. If he could reach this level, it would be awesome.

"You all should just leave." Bloodthirst emperor said casually.

"I’m under orders from my father here, how can I just go?" Yan Zhu’s expression was ugly. "Tie Jun, don’t force me. Even if I can’t bear to, I may use my trump card. Even if it can’t kill you, it’ll definitely leave your undying body heavily damaged."

"Oh really?" Bloodthirst emperor glanced coldly at him.

In terms of wealth and trump cards.

Bloodthirst emperor definitely couldn’t compare to Yan Zhu. Afterall, Yan Zhu had absorbed that treasure into his soul, it was one that even knights would fight for. If he unleashed that treasure…even though the cost wouldn’t be small, but for a short amount of time, Yan Zhu would have the emperor pinnacle level of strength.

What’s more, Yan Zhu had other life preserving trump cards. There was just no other way around it. His family had that powerful father…Shi Huo knight!

As for Bloodthirst emperor, it was the opposite. His treasures couldn’t compare to Yan Zhu’s, however his body was incredibly strong.

Weng…

Bloodthirst emperor suddenly triggered one of the world rings on his body, spreading the world energy at Luo Feng, wanting to place him within.

"Bloodthirst Emperor!" An ear piercing voice resounded. The intrepid lizard man suddenly howled out, causing the surrounding million km of space to lock down. The initial normal ripples all condensed and the world energy crumbled.

"We are here, don’t even think about placing him within your world." Yan Zhu smiled coldly.

"Luo Feng will be your bargain." The jade haired old man mocked at Bloodthirst emperor.

The 6 emperors seemed confident.

Bloodthirst emperor’s expression however was ugly.

If it weren’t for Luo Feng and Dylan, he could care less about anything and fight it out with the 6 emperors. However, now with them staring hard at him, he couldn’t keep Luo Feng in his world.

"Bastard!"

Bloodthirst emperor roared. With a wave of his hand, a huge gold disc appeared with a diameter of about 1,000 meters. Simultaneously, this gold disc extended two large arms that grabbed Luo Feng and Dylan with one, the other acting as a shield against attacks.

"Grab Luo Feng!" Yan Zhu roared.

"Yes!"

The group of undyings complied.

Rumble!

6 emperor level undyings all simultaneously attacked Bloodthirst emperor. The other 12 official level undyings rushed at Luo Feng and Dylan.

Hua…Luo Feng and Dylan watched as the big gold hand blocked them!

The other hand grabbed them and dragged them into the ship.

Ka!

The two golden hands vanished and the gold disc ship locked down, letting out a voice, "Master, the two are within my body." The voice resounded in the space above earth, the gold disc ship rumbled and rushed into the skies instantly tearing through to space.

"Chase."

The 12 official level undyings rushed after them.

"Use soul techniques to pierce through the defense of the ship, control Luo Feng." Yan Zhu communicated urgently.

"Hahaha…" Bloodthirst emperor laughed loudly, rushing upwards into space too.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

Yan Zhu and the other emperors all followed into space.

At this time, virtual universe Yu Xiang mountain primal region, Luo Feng’s villa.

Luo Feng sat in his study awaiting 9 blade’s reply, at this time…

"Luo Feng, a call request, it’s 9 blade knight’s number." Babata shouted excitedly.

"Quickly answer." Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

"Yes."

A screen immediately appeared and on it a silhouette, it was a handsome purple scaled man in an ancient green robe, his formless pressure was strong but controlled, it was 9 blade knight.

"Knight." Luo Feng bowed respectfully.

"I already know, however the people I’ve sent will take awhile to get to earth." 9 blade said.

"Knight, right now at the primal region’s 9th teleportation point, Iron wall emperor awaits." Luo Feng said respectfully, "As long as you send your people there, they can teleport via his god country together and arrive at earth."

"Got it." 9 blade knight said.

Pa.

The call disconnected.

…

Virtual universe, thunder island, within 9 blade knight’s palace.

Below him was a black blur of undyings, this vast group of undyings, even the weakest was an official level.

"Greetings knight." The group all bowed respectfully.

In the throne above.

9 blade knight gazed down below and ordered, "The Huge Axe Dojo has sent people to invade my underling Luo Feng’s home, earth. Right now, all of you head over to the 9th teleportation point immediately and meet with Iron wall emperor. After that you will teleport to earth. Remember…protect Luo Feng’s life."

"Yes." The large group of undyings rumbled as they bowed, they were shocked within.

Protect Luo Feng?

He was but a little genius, was it enough for 9 blade to send such an army?

This was an army of 50 emperor level undyings along with close to 1,000 official level undyings. These were almost all of the elites of 9 blade knight. Other than the few that were away or in dangerous regions, these 50 emperors was almost all of the emperor level undyings he could mobilize.

"Go!" 9 blade knight ordered.

"Yes!"

The blur of undyings bowed respectfully and vanished, leaving the virtual universe network.

…

In reality, the beings scattered across the universe all swiftly teleported via their god countries, heading over to the 9th teleportation point as swiftly as possible.

The emperors and officials under 9 blade knight all gathered!

Their goal…

Earth!