Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Chapter 709: Arrival

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Solar system, about 1 hundred million km in space away from earth.

12 official level undyings were surrounding a huge gold disc ship, attacking Luo Feng and Dylan who were hiding within.

"Use soul attacks straight through the ship against Luo Feng. Don’t care about anything else, get rid of him." Yan Zhu communicated to them. "Don’t ever let that Dylan keep Luo Feng in his world. The moment he enters the world, there’d be no meaning in this battle."

"Yes lord."

The 12 undyings all used their soul attacks, even those not proficient in such techniques did so, as long as their undying energy became voids, they could use it as a soul attack.

Whether it was a fighter or spirit reader.

They simply used undying energy.

…

Within the ship.

"Relax, you are both in my body, they cannot get in. However, you’ll have to block their spirit attacks." A huge face appeared on the wall in the resting room of the ship. He looked at Luo Feng and Dylan and smiled. "Soul attacks are useless against me, however I have no way to block them. The material used to build this resting room has a definite effect on blocking undying energy. It can also weaken the soul attacks, it’s the best I can do."

"Leave the blocking of soul attacks to me." Dylan emphasized.

A formless undying energy wrapped about Luo Feng, blocking him against the 12 official level undyings’ attacks.

"Rumble!"

Rumble!

Even though it wasn’t visible, Luo Feng could feel the undying energies attacking over and over.

"These bastards keep dispersing my world energy. Your majesty, I have no way to keep you in my world." Dylan’s face was panicked. "They are aiming straight at you, and from the looks of it, they want to kill you."

"Kill me?" Luo Feng was shocked, "Dylan, can you withstand it?"

"It takes up a lot of energy." Dylan replied, his expression heavy. "Luckily, I’m proficient in the soul offense and defense. Plus, the walls of this room have a weakening effect on their attacks, I can hold it for awhile. However amongst the 12 official level undyings, 3 of them are proficient in soul attacks. If time drags long, I may not be able to hold it."

Rumble!

Rumble!

The many undying attacks clashed over and over. Dylan controlled his undying energy into a complex web like protection against them, blocking them from attacking Luo Feng.

"Dylan, hold on for awhile. 9 blade knight’s people will be here soon." Luo Feng communicated.

"Hm." Dylan’s expression was serious, he fought hard to withhold them.

"Ah!" A painful scream.

Rumble!

An explosion from outside the ship.

…

In the space, even though the 12 official level undyings already knew this ship had melded with a metal life form, they had kept their guards up and maintained their distance. However as they flew about and unleashed their soul attacks to no avail over and over, they got more desperate.

The further they were, the weaker their soul attacks. Hence the 12 slowly got closer in desperation.

And just before, very suddenly…

The dark gold disc ship that seemed solid and sturdy suddenly extended a large metal arm, fast as lightning, faster than an emperor level undying’s attacking speed. It waved…grabbing one of the official level undyings proficient in soul attacks and used its strength!

With a rumble, the undying exploded!

"Be careful of the ship."

"Stay further away from it."

The other 11 undyings were shocked.

"Huhu…" Large amounts of green light dispersed in all directions, instantly reforming into a black robed purple haired lady. It was obvious that she had reached the undying body level, she communicated anxiously, "Everybody be careful, this metal life form has good comprehension of the space laws. When it exploded my undying body, my dispersed undying energy was actually unable to escape for awhile. That hand locked me in with space laws and destroyed my undying energy, I lost a great amount of it…"

"What!" The other 11 were shocked.

With an undying body, being destroyed once had almost no effect on their energies.

Of course, it depended on who used it. Like in primal chaos city, back when the city leader’s palm smashed down casually on the two undyings, they were smashed so hard they were very close to dying, but of course they were spared. This level of control, was much harder than simply killing those two undyings.

And like True Yan Emperor, he could easily kill an official level with just one move.

"Hahaha…see if you dare underestimate me. Haha, 3 proficient in soul attacks, 1 heavily injured. The other can give up on attacking with their full strength." A huge human face appeared on the ship. He laughed loudly and became a blur as it extended 2 huge hands and grabbed about.

He even aimed at the other two specialized in soul attacks!

It forced the 12 official level undyings to dodge over and over while attacking. This naturally lowered their attacking power by a lot.

…

Through the external simulator, Luo Feng and Dylan clearly saw everything.

"It’s much easier." Dylan was happy.

"What a strong ship." Luo Feng complimented the sturdiness of the ship.

This ship was an F9 grade ship that had melded with a metal life form. In terms of defense, it was extremely strong, and the metal life form made it even more special. Just like if a metal mountain suddenly became a life form, its life construct would definitely have huge differences from a flesh and blood life form.

In the universe, there were many life forms without souls. Many of them, and the mosha clansman was one. Those without souls would naturally have their life cores.

When Luo Feng and Dylan along with the metal life form ship were facing off against the 12 official level undyings.

Yan Zhu and the other 5 emperor level undyings were worried.

"Useless, useless." Yan Zhu roared within.

"Haha…Yan Zhu, they can’t even harm Luo Feng, you should just give up." Bloodthirsty emperor laughed and waved a peculiar shaped blade, fighting it out with the 6.

Rumble…

The surrounding space was torn apart. Every time it was recovering, it was sliced through again, a million km in diameter area about was completely torn apart. The space flowed madly about, with the 7 emperors fighting it out madly. However, the mad space flow couldn’t even hurt them.

Boom!

Yan Zhu blocked a blade and was instantly knocked back hundreds of thousands of km, spitting out gold blood.

"Senior, what do we do?" The other emperors were anxious too, of which the black armored lady communicated, "It’s 6 of us against Bloodthirst emperor and yet we are at a disadvantage. These 12 useless things cannot kill Luo Feng, we are purely wasting time. If bloodthirst emperor could get here so fast, the other people from the Virtual Universe Company will be here soon."

"I know." Yan Zhu was incredibly worried.

At this time…

The distant gold disc ship suddenly had a blur of gold light about it. With the gold blur, an incredibly huge pressure spread throughout. The strength of this wave…instantly covered the surrounding ten million km, even the battling Yan Zhu and the others all stopped.

"God country teleportation!" Yan zhu’s expression was ashen.

A blur of silhouettes, every one giving off terrifying pressure, gathered together, it reached an unbelievable level. Even though he was over a million km away, Yan Zhu still shuddered within.

Silence!

Space was silent, the 12 official level undyings along with Yan Zhu and the other emperors all gathered. Bloodthirst emperor flew towards the gold disc and it naturally opened a door at its side, Luo Feng and Dylan flew out into space.

"My god." Luo Feng watched the blur of silhouettes appear, completely stunned.

With just a glance, it was at least a thousand!

Everyone of them had energies that exceeded Dylan, even with others that were comparable to Bloodthirst emperor.

A god country teleportation of over 1,000 undyings in the silent space. The amount of power was even bigger than the undying mother nest before. These weren’t 1,000 normal undyings, this was the true elite of a knight, capable of easily stomping on an undying mother nest.

This 1,000, was led by a jade armored lady wielding two blades, as her cold energy spread throughout.

"Luo Feng." She looked at Luo Feng, "I’m here on the knight’s orders to protect you."

"Thank you knight, thank you all." Luo Feng bowed respectfully in space.

The jade armored god, along with the entire army’s pressure all looked at Yan Zhu. She roared coldly, "Yan Zhu emperor, Luo Feng is a member of our Virtual Universe Company, what right does you Huge Axe Dojo have to make a move on our member?"

"Hmph."

Yan Zhu’s expression was ugly, he rubbed the blood on his lips and snorted coldly.

"Capture Yan Zhu emperor." The lady ordered.

"Yes!"

Immediately, 26 emperor level undyings flashed over like lightning. This made Yan Zhu and his other emperors all change their expressions. The Virtual Universe Company and the Huge Axe Dojo were both leviathans of humanity, they frequently had little squabbles. However, his actions today had made it so that if he were truly to be captured, even the Huge Axe Dojo would find it hard to save him.

And once he was captured, it would be a true humiliation.

"Get lost!!!" Yan Zhu’s eyes gleamed with madness. He howled fiercely and the ancient engraving on his forehead lit up, a terrifying energy emanated in all directions. Like a fierce beast that was awakening, his forehead seemed to begin to tear apart, revealing a single purple vertical eye.

The purple vertical eye shot out a purple gaze, sweeping past the surrounding space and condensing the area about. He’d rather fight it out before being captured.

Rumble…

There were ripples in space and a terrifying pressure descended, almost like a dragon descending on countless ants. The energy made the surrounding people all submit immediately, as it spread over the surrounding starfield. The powerful undying army’s power was instantly squashed, and even the uprising Yan Zhu was suddenly pushed back down, forcefully stopped halfway through his move.

A blur silhouette gradually appeared.

"Father!!!" Yan Zhu turned and shouted with glee.