Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 711: Unstable Situation

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"You lot, go back now!" Shi Huo knight ordered the 5 emperors and 12 official level undyings.

"Yes knight."

"Yes teacher."

The many undyings bowed respectfully. After which, Bao Jin emperor released his undying energy to wrap everyone and instantly teleported 1 light year away before they all dispersed. Afterall, if they teleported via their god country before 9 blade knight’s army, they would reveal their god country’s locations.

"Yan Zhu, release all the earthlings." Shi Huo knight ordered.

"Yes." Yan Zhu didn’t dare resist.

He became a beam of light flying above earth and releasing a large number of the humans back. Over a billion of them were placed randomly throughout, some chinese people appeared in North America, some white people appearing in Africa and so on, it was a mess.

For everyone to be sent back to their respective homes and for earth to regain its order, it would take at least 10 days to half a month, and this was also because of its advanced technology.

After a while!

Yan Zhu flew back.

Shi Huo knight looked at his crestfallen son and shook his head, ordering, "Let’s go."

Rumble!

His black flames wrapped about his son and in an instant, the both of them had vanished.

Within the vast god country.

Shi Huo knight and Yan Zhu emperor appeared within on a mountain peak.

"Father!" Yan Zhu looked at Shi Huo knight, his eyes filled with rage. "Why have you sent me to the 9th jail hell, and for 1,000 eras? Don’t say it’s because of Luo Feng, I don’t believe it. Even if I killed him, it wouldn’t deserve such a severe punishment!" Yan Zhu was indeed enraged.

Even though he respected his father, this punishment was too heavy.

He could only bear with it and ask later.

He wanted to know the truth!

"Cha Luo." Shi Huo Knight rubbed his son’s head and said softly. "This isn’t something I wanted."

"Hm?" Yan Zhu’s eyes gleamed.

"However, my teacher ordered me to do so in this matter, saying you are getting out of hand and have to be punished heavily." Shi Huo knight sighed. "Back then, my teacher said…to send you to the 9th starfield jail hell for 1,000 eras, that it was considered a small punishment."

"Father, your teacher?" Yan Zhu stared wide eyed.

Rumble!

Yan Zhu felt like his brain had exploded. His father was Shi Huo knight…his position alone plus his sect within the Huge Axe Dojo was already absolute. Even against Undying knight, it wasn’t too big a difference. Even though undying knight’s position was high and he was powerful, he was a lone wolf without a sect and help. Hence Shi Huo knight wouldn’t be too afraid of him.

However…Shi Huo knight’s teacher, that was something else.

All of Shi Huo knight’s sects, the true leader of them was his teacher! Shi Huo knight…was but one of the great being’s disciples. That great being was the true powerful dictator within the Huge Axe dojo, and probably only the founder of the Huge axe dojo could suppress him.

"Void gold master!" Yan Zhu said hoarsely.

Shi Huo knight’s teacher…Void gold master!

A true dictator within humanity’s ancient and endless history. He was a true power within one of the two great leviathans of humanity, the Huge Axe dojo. Even within, he was one of the pinnacle beings, with only the founder capable of making him bow!

"Void gold master wanted to punish me?" Yan Zhu was filled with fear. "The great Void gold master, why has he taken notice of me?"

Void gold master!

High above, even the universe country leaders bowed before him, Shi Huo knight and those level of beings all bowed before him. Even the entire gold horn race…they would all shudder before him! The most ancient and powerful beings of humanity, this was the level of being he was.

To be able to hear his name from Void gold master, Yan Zhu should already feel extremely honored.

And this was within the pinnacle race of humanity, like the gold horn race and many other races, they could never produce such a level of being like Void gold master. Even within humanity itself, it took countless calamities and trials for such a being to be produced.

"Father." Yan Zhu looked anxiously at his father, "Why has he noticed me?"

He was afraid.

Even his father was afraid of him. Yan Zhu belonged to the Void gold sect, if the master wanted to kill him, who could protect him?

"Teacher said to punish you, as for the specific details, I don’t know. Since he didn’t say it, I didn’t dare ask." Shi Huo knight looked at his son. "However you can relax. At his level of being, how respected is it? It’s not worthy of him to deal with a small punk like you."

"Hm hm." Yan Zhu nodded. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Teacher’s orders, made me suspect…whether Luo Feng has any connections with him." Shi Huo frowned.

"Ah." Yan Zhu was taken aback, "Father, so you treated him that well earlier, it was all because…"

"Hm, your matters on earth have drawn his attention, hence he wants to punish you." Shi Huo knight nodded slightly. "Teacher is very protective, yet he still wants you to enter the 9th jail hell for 1,000 eras. I can only guess…that he has some connections with Luo Feng."

"But Luo Feng is from the Virtual Universe Company and Void gold master is from the Huge Axe Dojo." Yan Zhu said.

"I’m not sure about the details." Shi Huo knight shook his head.

Yan Zhu could only sigh.

He anticipated the day his father could become a being like void gold master, that would be absurd. Whether it was the primal chaos city leader or void gold master, they all stood at the true pinnacle of humanity. These were beings that stood above the vast countless other races.

"Since it was teacher’s orders, then you’ll have to go serve your 1,000 eras. You’ve indeed caused much trouble these past few years, it’s time you trained. When you can control that treasure, anything under a knight shouldn’t be a threat. Even that True Yan, you’ll be able to match him. Afterall strength is absolute…Father cannot always protect you." Shi Huo knight said.

"Hm." Yan Zhu nodded.

Solar system.

The vast undying army led by jade emperor all became a blurry light, teleporting via their god country away. It left only Bloodthirst emperor, Dylan and Luo Feng.

"They just teleported like that?" Luo Feng was shocked. "Aren’t they afraid of their god country coordinates being revealed?"

"The one using the teleport should be an undying slave." Blood thirst emperor smiled causally. "And after using it, that slave would have to work hard to move his god country’s position, that way, the coordinates would be useless."

"Move the god country coordinates?" Luo Feng was curious.

"God countries lie within the slips of space, and these slips are vast and endless. Naturally, the god countries can be moved within them, leaving the original position." Bloodthirst emperor said, "However, the movement of the god countries are extremely slow. If one searched for the coordinates immediately, that would be extremely dangerous."

Luo Feng nodded.

"Junior, do you know Shi Huo knight?" Blood thirst emperor looked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng shook his head, "No, I’ve only lived for a few hundred years, how could I know him."

"Then why was he so courteous, so strange." Bloodthirst emperor frowned. "The knights are all powerful invincible beings of the universe. They usually can't be bothered with little punks like you."

"I don’t know." Luo Feng was puzzled as well.

After which he smiled and said, "Senior, it’s rare you come around here, let’s head to earth for awhile."

"Alright." Bloodthirst emperor replied easily.

…

Earth, china, Yang zhou city, Luo residence.

After Luo Feng got back, he released his family.

"Dad."

"Master."

"Luo Feng." The residence got busy instantly.

Luo Hong Guo said, "Little Feng, when I was kept in the world earlier, I immediately connected to the virtual universe network…contacting many of my friends before finding out that many of them were kept in a world too. I heard over a billion of them were all kept together. However they all didn’t know it was you who kept them, hence they were extremely terrified."

"Ha…" Luo Feng laughed.

The other people of earth weren’t kept by him.

"What a mess." Luo Feng used his spirit energy to scan. He couldn’t help but laugh as it swept past Yang Zhou city. It was a hot summer day, yet there were many white people in jackets in the city, even some nude with towels appearing in the streets. Some even appeared at the top of skyscrapers.

Virtual universe thunder island.

9 blade knight had mobilized such a huge undying army, and they had gathered at the primal region’s 9th teleportation spot. Naturally, the upper echelon of the Virtual Universe Company would know of it. The incident on earth couldn’t be hidden, many knights came over to question 9 blade.

"Haha, I’ve checked in with some good friends in the Huge Axe Dojo. It wasn’t just Shi Huo knight and undying knight. There were many other knights there that sent their elites over to earth. However Shi Huo knight’s people got there first.

"Luckily they didn’t succeed."

"Right, if earth truly is a treasure land, it should be our Virtual Universe Company’s. That leader of earth, that punk Luo Feng, he is a genius of ours."

"Hm."

"9 blade, this earth seems like a very normal life planet, we should have discovered something special long ago. Just what was it that made so many of the Huge Axe Dojo knights send their people down?"

"What is special about earth 9 blade, tell us?"

"I have no clue."

Thunder island, within 9 blade knight’s palace, the few powerful knights and universe country leaders had all come. Yet they all left after, over 8 of them had come to question 9 blade.

The palace regained its calm.

Jade emperor who was dressed in her jade armor walked in, and in the throne a silhouette appeared. It was the green robed purple scaled man. Jade Emperor bowed respectfully, "Knight."

"Arrange it for me, I wish to see Luo Feng personally." 9 blade knight ordered.