Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 712: 9 Blade Knight

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"Yes." Jade emperor complied and left.

The green robed purple scaled man frowned in the palace, muttering, "Earth? Just what’s so special about this life planet, that even the Huge Axe Dojo people have gotten so crazy over it.?"

Virtual universe, Yu Xiang Mountain primal region, Luo Feng’s villa.

In his study.

Luo Feng was talking to his teacher True Yan emperor on the screen.

"That sure is strange." True Yan rubbed his chin in the screen, as he was curious. "Even if that Shi Huo knight had gone to Laos world, home of the Gold horn race, he’d be barging in and not even caring about their doyens and so on! As an absolute genius, he’s extremely arrogant. Yet, for him to show courtesy to a punk like you, how strange."

"I thought so too." Luo Feng was helpless.

"There must be a reason!" True Yan thought for awhile, shaking his head after and smiling. "There’s no use pondering over it. Since he was courteous to you, at least the reason behind it must be good, it shouldn’t be bad. Don’t bother about it…train well and quickly step into the sector lord level. That’s the level which is most critical to your training, it’s also the level that will determine your fate." UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"Hm."

Luo Feng nodded heavily.

After this incident, he clearly felt how little he was. If he had reached the sector lord pinnacle level, and combined with that soldier armor…as long as he raised his law comprehension by a few more levels, he may not have a guarantee of killing an official level undying, but he was confident his strength could be comparable to one.

After all, the soldier armor’s maximum strength already made him close to one.

After chatting with his teacher, suddenly…

Du.

"Luo Feng, Jade emperor has requested a call." Babata shouted on his shoulder.

Luo Feng was shocked, Jade emperor? This was the one of his teacher’s close friends, and 9 blade knight’s number 1 emperor level undying.

"Accept." Luo Feng got up as a sign of respect.

A silhouette appeared on the screen. It was a jade armored extremely beautiful lady Jade Emperor, she spoke coldly, "The knight wishes to meet you, just wait in your villa, I’ll be there immediately. I will bring you to meet the knight."

"9 blade knight?"

Luo Feng was shocked, however he still replied respectfully, "Yes!"

In an instant.

Luo Feng stood patiently in his yard outside and gazed at a beam of light flashing towards him, it was Jade emperor.

"Lord, where will we go to meet the knight?" Luo Feng asked curiously.

"You are not an undying yet, hence we cannot go to thunder island. We’ll instead go to a special place that he has created." Jade Emperor glanced at Luo Feng. "Follow me to the teleportation point."

"Yes." Luo Feng followed.

They first reached the teleportation point before being sent to 9 Blade knight’s space.

The virtual universe was after all still virtual, hence it was easy to create a large space. Just like the genius competitions, they would normally be held in a created space! Even the Huge Axe Dojo’s broadcast, they were within a large island that was fixed there just for that. Normal undyings didn’t have the right to create their own space, knights however did.

9 Blade knight’s space.

"Wow."

Luo Feng stood at the foot of the mountain, looking up at the 9 majestic mountains that pierced through the clouds, he was shocked. 9 blade like mountains, all of them reached hundreds of thousands of km high. Even with his vision, Luo Feng could barely make out the silhouette of the mountains, the middle tallest mountain was the hardest to see.

"The knight is in the 9 blade shrine." Jade emperor led Luo Feng straight around to the center most mountain’s canyons. Within these canyons was a range of palaces, and all of them were extremely exquisite and beautiful. Of which, 9 blade shrine was the most majestic."

Sou!

Jade emperor and Luo Feng landed before the entrance of 9 blade shrine, 2 undyings standing guard there didn’t even stop them.

"Follow me in." Jade emperor led the way and Luo Feng obediently followed.

…

The entire shrine was engulfed in pressure.

Jade emperor walked towards the steps of the shrine and bowed respectfully, "Knight."

"Knight." Luo Feng bowed respectfully too.

In terms of status, Luo Feng was akin to an official level undying. Hence, he didn’t need to kneel when he saw a knight. Normal sector lords or absolute beginning region members and so on however, had to kneel as a sign of respect when they saw a knight.

"Jade, you may leave." A clear voice resounded.

"Yes." Jade emperor vanished.

Rumble…

The large door of the shrine closed, leaving only two people within…Luo Feng and 9 blade knight.

"Hm?" Luo Feng was shocked as he felt the door closing. He looked up and saw the green robed purple scaled man in the throne above, the aura that he emanated made people submit.

"Luo Feng." 9 blade knight gazed down below and spoke.

"Here." Luo Feng listened intently.

"Let me ask you." He gazed carefully at Luo Feng and said, "Is there anything you need to report about what happened on earth?"

Luo Feng shook his head, "I’m completely puzzled."

"From what I know, it wasn’t just undying knight and Shi Huo knight from the Huge Axe Dojo, there were many other knights that sent their people to earth. Only thing was that earth was too far, hence they all didn’t make it in time. With so many knights noticing earth and you as the leader, you should know the reason right." 9 blade knight observed Luo Feng.

"Sir Knight, both undying knight and Shi Huo knight came to buy earth from me, however they didn’t tell me the secret." Luo Feng said respectfully. "If I knew the secret of earth, I would have reported it long ago and not allow myself to fall into such a dangerous situation."

9 blade knight carefully observed Luo Feng’s gaze and expression as he spoke.

Finally, he determined…

Luo Feng did indeed not know any secret.

9 blade knight immediately exclaimed, thinking that the Huge Axe Dojo has well guarded all their secrets, to not even tell Luo Feng when they went to buy it. Seemed right too…if the Virtual Universe Company knew of earth’s secret, and if it was very important, they would definitely hide it from the Huge Axe Dojo.

"Remember." 9 blade knight’s voice got serious.

Luo Feng bowed.

"Other than the island you provided for undying knight, from now on, without the Virtual Universe Company’s orders, without my order, you are forbidden from doing any deals regarding earth." 9 blade knight emphasized. "Especially with the knights of the Huge Axe Dojo. No matter how much benefits they give you, you are forbidden from selling earth. You just tell them…this is the order the company has give you and you cannot go against it."

"Yes." Luo feng replied respectfully.

"Go on!" 9 blade knight waved his hand.

Luo Feng vanished from the shrine, he had left the virtual universe.

9 blade knight frowned, muttering, "Secret? They actually kept the secret…then they can give up on acquiring earth."

After meeting 9 blade, especially hearing his final order, Luo Feng very easily understood the reason. Obviously the upper echelon of the Huge Axe Dojo knew of earth’s secrets and the Virtual Universe Company didn’t. Hence the two of them were in a deadlock. Without them telling the company about the secret, they couldn’t even think about getting it.

"Luo Feng, Hong’s message."

Not long after chatting with 9 blade knight, Luo Feng received a mail from Hong…scheduling a meeting in 9 star bay.

Virtual universe, black dragon mountain island 9 star bay.

In the quiet yard.

Luo Feng, Hong and the white robed Thunder god gathered.

"The earth sure is in a mess." Thunder god exclaimed. "The moment I’m not here things get so messed up."

"It’ll still be messy with you here." Hong smiled. "This matter is very complex, it’s involves the knights and so on."

"You know about it too big brother?" Luo Feng looked shocked at Hong.

Hong smiled and nodded, "When the billions of people were kept in the world, some friends contacted me via the virtual universe network and told me about it. I was greatly shocked, and after investigating a little, I knew of Shi Huo knight and how he sent his undyings to earth."

Thunder god didn’t even get how special these words were.

Luo Feng however was shocked.

"You can check on such things?" Luo Feng stared in disbelief.

The Huge Axe Dojo was an elite organization like the Virtual Universe Company. The internal matters were governed extremely strictly. The positions and authority were separated very clearly, different levels had different amounts of authority! To be able to check up on how Shi Huo knight sent some undyings to earth, this was unbelievable.

"It’s fine now right?" Hong smiled.

"It’s fine, everybody’s been returned back to earth." Luo Feng still looked curiously at Hong.

"I won’t ask about this, but I’ll ask about you and Shi Huo knight…they didn’t trouble you too much right." Hong asked.

"No." Luo Feng shook his head.

"Hm, I guessed so." Hong exclaimed. "Having Void Gold master as support sure is a good thing. He barely said a few words to Shi Huo knight and he actually listened obediently."

"Void gold master?" Luo Feng stared, "Who is that?"

The white robed thunder god looked shocked at Hong.

Shi Huo knight…that was a being that opened a universe country. To obediently listen to the words of Void gold master, just what terrifying being was this guy.

"Void gold master, 3rd brother, you should know of him." Hong laughed. "We’ve both been to primal chaos city, you should know there are 52 primal chaos tablets."

"Hm." Luo Feng nodded.

"There’s one particular one, called the Sky ruins tablet, and the creator of this tablet…is the great Void gold master." Hong laughed. "That’s a true absolute being, even the universe country leaders have to kneel before him."

Luo Feng was shocked.

Sky ruins tablet was considered very powerful amongst the 52. According to the heavenly bridge’s levels, this tablet had 26 levels, just 1 short of the 9 universe tablet Luo Feng studied. In the overall rankings, it was within the top 10!

The huge axe tablet was 1st, the universe tablet was 2nd…

52 tablets, every one of the creators of these tables were true pillars of humanity!

"Void gold master, this, this…" Luo Feng looked shocked at Hong, "Big brother, How do you know him?"

"Luck." Hong laughed.