Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 714: Earth’s Secret

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"When I passed 20 of the Fantasy islands consecutively, it was a miraculous thing. A universe level passing 20 islands was an unbelievable event. It made the founder and Void gold master take notice, and they quickly learnt that you and 3rd brother, are both from earth." Hong looked at Luo Feng. "3rd brother, you’ve been regarded as a genius of ten thousand eras, and my passing of the 20 islands…that was even rarer."

"Two geniuses from the same life planet, same generation."

"This was unbelievable to them!" Hong said.

Luo Feng nodded.

During the genius competitions back then, 1,000 of them were picked from 1,008 universe countries. On average, it was about 1 per country. The chances were already low enough. And with Luo Feng’s absurd improvement speed, he became a rare genius of ten thousand eras. That was 1 genius from 1,008 universe countries, over ten thousand eras! And that genius was from earth, how low were the chances?

And Hong, such an unbelievable human, was even rarer, and he too was from earth, and he was in the same generation as Luo Feng.

"Hence!"

"The founder of the Huge axe Dojo thought there may be something special about earth, otherwise what are the chances? He immediately headed to earth to check it out, and with that…he discovered earth’s secret." Hong said.

Luo Feng and thunder god held their breaths.

The absolute being, founder of the Huge Axe Dojo actually came to check out earth.

"What secret?" Thunder couldn’t help but ask.

"What did he find?" Luo Feng was anxious too.

"The true secret, it’s terrifying." Hong emphasized.

Thunder god quickly said, "Can we say this secret in the virtual universe. Whatever we say here may be discovered by the virtual universe system."

"Relax."

Hong laughed, "Back then when I met the founder of the Huge Axe Dojo, we had a chat about it. And also when I met and chatted with void gold master, I asked him about the safety of this issue. He replied…that it’s absolutely safe, even if the upper echelon of the Virtual Universe Company wanted to find out some information. Different levels of management had different levels authority. Hence nothing will be revealed. Unless you are a traitor of humanity or danger to the company, otherwise there’s no need to worry."

Luo Feng nodded.

The Virtual Universe Company was terrifying. Whether one was in an internal world, god country, actual universe, dark universe or primal universe…one could enter the virtual universe at anytime and communicate with others.

This ability was heavenly.

"Don’t bother about the system, what is earth’s secret, big brother? Stop keeping us in suspense." Luo Feng asked.

Hong put down his teacup and emphasized. "When the founder came to check out earth, he discovered…that earth had long been remodeled."

"Remodeled?" Thunder god was curious.

"What remodeling?" Luo Feng asked.

"The founder told me…that a trillion years ago, earth was remodeled by an absolute being. Normal life planets usually only had resources for people to survive. Earth however is very special. As long as one was born here, especially affected by earth’s formless influence during pregnancy period, their souls will have special evolutions."

"Hm?"Luo Feng and thunder god stared wide eyed.

Evolution?

"One of the evolution effects of the humans of earth, is in the mental state side…it’s easier for them to comprehend and raise their mental states." Hong emphasized. "Hence, in the history of earth, within just china alone, there are many sacred beings with extremely high levels of mental states."

"What?" the two stared in disbelief.

"I didn’t believe it too." Hong shook his head and exclaimed. "However the great founder found marks of the remodeling and deduced…the identity of that being."

"Who was it?" Luo Feng asked.

"The founder didn’t say. However, when he chatted with Void gold master, I heard the gist of it." Hong shook his head. "That great being had unbelievable power, and even Void gold master said he was weaker than him. Only the founder of the Huge Axe Dojo could stand on par with him."

Luo Feng felt it was unbelievable.

The founder of the Huge Axe Dojo, he was a true absolute being of humanity. And that great being could actually stand on par with him?

"The founder had exclaimed before…that that great being was impressive. He had once created an entire race, creating body evolution in strength, resulting in an evolved powerful race. The only weakness was…in terms of mental states, they were weaker. I think they were called the Flame god race." Hong said.

"Flame god race?" Thunder god was suspicious.

Luo Feng however was completely stunned.

The secret Hong had revealed was simply too heavenly. That great being which actually created the entire race was the Flame god race! He himself had acquired the black metal board on earth and within it were the words of the flame god race, it was a manual used to evolve one’s body…now that he had heard it, he sort of guessed.

"According to the founder and Void gold master’s exchange." Hong exclaimed, "That great being, had once taken a group of humans to evolve them, finally creating an entire new race called the flame god race!"

"Flame god race, it centered about body evolution, but it’s weakness was in mental states."

"Maybe because of that, the great being remodeled earth. It was like a basket to him, he would catch a group of humans and place them on earth, wanting to let the many generations of humans evolve and produce beings that were extremely adept at mental states." Hong said. "In an ancient time long ago, earth wasn’t even a human territory. Hence the great being could naturally nurture his humans that way. However later on, the territory earth was in was taken over by humans. Hence that being had to leave."

Luo Feng and Thunder god stared wide eyed.

Luo Feng however believed it.

A great being of a race…

Like the being that left behind the demon note inheritance. He too had to leave when humanity took over the region! Demon mountain was separated into Ice mountain and demon note mountain, of which the demon note inheritance was in demon note mountain. Luo Feng naturally suspected there was another inheritance left in the ice mountain.

One had to know that the universe was vast and mysterious, producing trillions of races. Humanity was but one of them.

Naturally, there would be some other great beings from other races!

There would be the strong and also the weak, the strong were comparable to humanity’s strongest!

"They are too powerful. They were able to create an entire race, Flame god race…so it was created by that great being." Luo Feng was extremely shocked. "Earth was used as a nurturing ground to nurture other races. Only later on it was taken over by humanity. Hence, that being had to leave." Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Unbelievable." Thunder god stared and said.

"There are many unbelievable things." Hong smiled. "Even though humans are a pinnacle race, there are many others in the vast universe, who are even stronger and more powerful, along with countless other middle and weak races. Maybe if they are alone, they are weaker than humans, however with the trillions of races added together, who knows how many absolute beings there are."

Luo Feng nodded.

There were many super powers around, like the beast god in Blood River world, like the founder of demon mountain, the creator of the flame god race…and other pinnacle beings such as the creator of the 52 primal chaos tablets in primal chaos city. Those beings couldn’t be too far off.

…

Luo Feng and Thunder god were obviously still reeling from the shock.

"This great being had used countless amounts of energy to remodel earth, how much do you think earth is worth?"

"Limitless." Thunder god said.

"At least more than a universe country." Luo Feng nodded too.

As a member of one of the pinnacle beings of the universe, the remodeled earth naturally was a true treasure.

"With earth as the center of remodeling, the surrounding 1,000 light years and countless planets have been remodeled slightly too. The entire remodeling had earth as its core." Hong said, "Hence, earth has to remain in this specific solar system, it cannot be moved away. The moment it’s moved, it will lose its special attributes."

"The remodeled earth is very special."

"Even if it’s damaged, and left with remains, as time flows, it will naturally reform itself." Hong laughed. "The founder of the Huge Axe Dojo also discovered over the long passages of time, that after the great being left, earth has been almost destroyed 12 times. Yet, time and again it reformed itself."

"Ah."

Luo Feng and Thunder god could only listen.

Even though mental state was important, it was as intangible as anything else.

To become strong, there were a few requirements such as talent, willpower and resources.

Resource referred to training techniques, teachers and other treasures to get strong. If one didn’t have training techniques, just like earth during the great nirvana period, even the sacred people of the time wouldn’t be able to last. The past earth lacked just that.

Talent, one without talent may become strong, but it was hard for them to become an absolute warrior. Others train for a day while that person may take 10 years, how could they compare?

Willpower, even with talent and resources, if one didn’t have willpower, unable to take the solitude…they wouldn’t make it far. Becoming an absolute power required extreme willpower.

The three of them were all important.

People with strong mental states naturally had strong willpower! And sufficient patience!

Strong mental state, it could also be used to defend against illusions etc.

Hence to the entire humanity…placing a few strong bloodlines on earth to be influenced by it, when their children were born, they only needed to train and teach it well for their mental states to easily rise. The moment that happened…including the bloodline and talent, with large amount of resources, the number of absolute warriors would greatly rise.

"Mental state is but an assistant to becoming an absolute warrior." Hong said. "My appearance has shocked the upper echelon of the Huge Axe Dojo, but earth’s appearance was what truly gave them a surprise. Afterall, when one reaches the level of Void gold master or the founder of the Huge Axe Dojo, they all had absurd levels of power. They could all create their own race while others may not be able to do so. Naturally they realized the importance of earth."

Luo Feng sighed.

Everything was clear now.

Earth’s background, it involved a great being.

"I’m the leader of earth, with such a treasure, I will face a lot of trouble next time." Luo Feng thought. "Who cares, I’ll let the Virtual Universe Company deal with the Huge Axe Dojo."