Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 715: Luo Feng’s Choice

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

After knowing earth’s secret, Luo Feng was clear that earth was a nurturing basket for which a great being had spent countless amounts of energy in remodeling. It’s worth was immeasurable and wasn’t something he could control alone.

It was like a treasure wanted by two gods, however a child had gotten it instead. It wasn’t a windfall but instead a disaster! The gods wouldn’t care about the child’s death. To the Huge Axe Dojo and Virtual Universe Company, Luo Feng wasn’t even an ant.

"Just wait." Luo Feng thought so.

…

However the Virtual Universe Company and the Huge Axe Dojo’s upper echelon were moving very swiftly, just 3 hours after Luo Feng’s conversation with his brothers…

Virtual universe, Yu Xiang Mountain primal region. Luo Feng’s villa welcomed two guests.

"Luo Feng!"

A clear voice resounded within his villa, and within everyone’s ears. Luo Feng quickly flew out and landed in the yard.

"Hm?" Luo Feng looked up and got a shock, "9 blade knight!"

Two silhouettes were chatting and walking over. One of them was the green armored man with purple scales on his head, 9 blade knight. Beside him was a lady in ancient red armor, she wore a veil on her face, revealing only her jade green eyes.

They walked in mid air and instantly landed in the villa.

"This lady is walking beside 9 blade knight, she must be a knight too." Luo Feng thought.

"Greetings knight."

Luo Feng bowed respectfully.

9 blade knight and the jade eyed lady glanced at Luo Feng. The lady smiled and said, "This must be Luo Feng. His luck is really good, to actually own a territory with such a special place like earth."

"Haha…" 9 blade laughed too, his gaze landing on Luo Feng, "Luo Feng, let’s talk in the living room."

"Yes knight."

Luo Feng respectfully led the two knights into the living room.

The doors closed behind them.

Even though his living room was far from a god shrine, it was still very spacious. 9 blade knight and the lady sat casually about, while Luo Feng stood beside them.

"No need to be nervous." The lady’s voice was like a 100 bird calls. It made one feel comfortable, "I represent the virtual universe company and I’m here to discuss matters about earth."

"It’s here." Luo Feng thought.

He didn’t dare speak as he thought, as he was very clear about the fact that he was just a piece of meat and the Virtual Universe Company was the knife!

"The Ganwu universe country is within the control of our Virtual Universe Company. The entire universe country belongs to the company. Technically, as long as the company orders it, we can take away your rights to earth." The lady said indifferently.

Luo Feng listened obediently.

"However, the company has decided to act according to the rules." She flipped her hand and a file appeared. "Take a look, these are the deals the company has arranged for you regarding earth. There are two transactions, it’s up to you to choose."

"Yes." Luo Feng received it respectfully.

He exclaimed within…

For the Virtual Universe Company to come up with these transactions, it represented them giving him two choices. However, about the underlying message , he was clear about what they meant…he only had two choices, nothing else!

This was tyranny!

However everybody would understand that this was natural. It was something done by one of the two great leviathans of humanity, naturally this was how it was going to be. And they even gave Luo Feng two choices…this was already kindness on their part.

"There are two files, but the 1st has more benefits for you. Pick whichever you want." The lady said.

Luo Feng looked at the files.

The contents weren’t complex at all, it was mainly explaining the two deals.

The 1st was Luo Feng selling earth to the Virtual Universe Company, everything in regards to earth from then on would be handled by the company! Of course, with regards to the promise Luo Feng had given, about giving undying knight an island…the company would handle that.

By selling earth, Luo Feng would get 200 billion mixed elements.

Even though the number was huge, any knight would be able to easily fork it out. Compared to the worth of earth…200 billion was extremely little. However, for the company to be willing to give Luo Feng this much, it was already not bad.

For the sake of his safety however, they wouldn’t give it all at once to him.

As the huge wealth would make many undyings go mad for, there would be those willing to take risks to deal with Luo Feng and steal his wealth.

Hence…

The file stated the following.

At Domain lord level, Luo Feng would get 20 million mixed elements.

At Sector lord level, Luo Feng would get 2 hundred million mixed elements.

At Undying level, Luo Feng would get the remaining 199.78 billion mixed elements.

The 1st deal concluded that way. This was all in consideration for Luo Feng, Two hundred million mixed elements may not be much for a primal region sector lord member, but it was still ok.

The 2nd deal, considered the fact that Luo Feng maintained his position of earth being his home even against the Huge Axe Dojo, unwilling to sell it. Hence it came up with a plan.

The details were, The humans of earth could remain there. However, the entire earth’s surface area was close to 1.5 hundred million km. It’s sea surface area was 3.6 hundred million km, its sea surface area was much bigger. With the humans living on land, all of the air above the sea would belong to the Virtual Universe Company, and the company would build a floating city etc over it.

Also it promised…

That there would be nothing over the land areas.

It was obvious the company was giving way to Luo Feng in this, allowing the humans of earth to remain on earth, and only building floating cities over the sea areas. With the promise that it wouldn’t disrupt the lives of the humans of earth, also…giving large amount of resources to nurture the people of earth.

This deal had much lower benefits. Luo Feng could at most receive 50 billion mixed elements, this was only ? of the 1st option.

These were how he would be paid.

At Domain lord level, he would get 5 million mixed elements.

At Sector lord level, he would get 50 million mixed elements.

At Undying level, he would get the remaining 49.95 billion mixed elements.

…

There was silence in the living room.

9 blade knight and the lady waited patiently, Luo Feng looked at the files and finally looked up.

"Have you finished?" The lady asked Luo Feng.

"Hm." Luo Feng nodded.

The two deals may seem like he was being bullied, with the first giving 200 billion mixed elements and the 2nd only giving 50 billion. Also, the payments were divided into 3 payouts! Luo Feng however was very clear…his right of earth, was something the Virtual Universe Company could easily take from him, without leaving him a single cent. Even the deal Yan Zhu emperor had tried to deal with him before had the highest price of only 1 billion mixed elements.

It was obvious that in the upper echelon’s eyes…

Luo Feng was a lucky punk.

To actually give him these benefits was already an act of kindness from them. Their little action alone naturally was a huge amount.

Two deals.

Especially the 2nd one, Luo Feng was very satisfied with. At least the humans of earth needn’t change their lifestyles. The Virtual Universe Company would at most build their floating cities above the sea regions and promised not to disrupt the earth humans lives. Without any other circumstance, this was already a good deal.

"Which will you pick?" The lady looked at Luo Feng, "You have to pick one."

"The 2nd." Luo Feng said.

"The 2nd?"

Both knights revealed a look of shock as they exchanged glances.

She laughed, her voice resounding in his ears. "You must think carefully. The 1st is a reward of 200 billion, but the 2nd only gives 50 billion…the differences is 150 billion mixed elements. Even a knight would feel the pinch from such an amount, can you give it up? If your comrades leave earth, can’t they still lead their lives?"

"Do you want to change your choice?" The lady looked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng shook his head and said softly, "It’s my home, I have no other choice. I cannot let my countless comrades leave their homes." Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

The lady and 9 blade knight both had a sense of appreciation within their eyes. There were many powerful warriors in the universe, over the long dangerous journeys, they would risk everything for treasures. 150 billion was such a treasure, and was able to buy many items and important treasures, and it was enough to make countless undyings go crazy for it.

For home, he was willing to give it up?

Many warriors would respect Luo Feng’s choice.

Respect was respect…however there would still be many that would simply pick the 1st choice. Afterall, only few recognized the importance of home that much.

"This is the contract."

"With the acknowledgement of the virtual universe system, signing this contract means it’s settled." The lady flipped her hand and another folder appeared, it was the contract.

The lady first signed and passed it along to Luo Feng.

Luo Feng signed his name as well.

…

Within the living room.

Luo Feng sat alone, 9 blade knight and the jade eyed lady had already left.

"Luo Feng." Babata shouted happily. "The universe galaxy bank has sent a mail, your total has increased by 5 million mixed elements. The 1st amount from the agreement has already been deposited. That was fast."

"Ah." Luo Feng sat in his sofa. Leaning back, he lifted a cup of amber colored wine.

"Why?" Babata asked curiously on Luo Feng’s shoulder. He felt that Luo Feng was somewhat fatigued.

"Nothing."

Luo Feng said softly, "I feel weak!"

"Weak?" Babata blinked.

"Against the Huge Axe Dojo and Virtual Universe Company, even against Shi Huo knight, 9 blade knight and Yan Zhu emperor…I have no way to withstand them at all." Luo Feng said softly, after which he downed the amber colored wine.

"Being weak is not wrong, accepting and letting yourself stay weak is the problem!" Babata shouted. "Even the great founder of the Huge Axe Dojo, or the founder of the Virtual Universe Company, those pinnacle beings, which one of them didn’t start from a weak little thing, only slowly growing until they could stand at the pinnacle of trillions of races?"

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed with anticipation. That burning passion was enough to melt a glacier. "Only through growth and my own strength, would I be able to truly get strong. Babata, you are right, I need to keep on moving one step at a time, until I become an absolute being."