Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 718: La Peter

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Within the ship’s control room.

"5,729 ships have already arrived, 5.729 billion star travellers have arrived." Babata’s child like voice resounded within the control room. "Another ship has arrived, 5730…5733…5734…"

Luo Feng and Dylan just gazed on.

All of the star travellers forced to participate in this blood demon trial all had looks of fear and unrest. Hence, they were carefully glancing at each other. Only those close to each other truly trusted and helped each other, this sort of pressure and fear…

Even Luo Feng could feel it, despite being high up in the sky.

"10 billion of them." Luo Feng thought.

"Being controlled by Blood demon emperor, that’s their bad luck." Dylan shook his head.

"Doesn’t the virtual universe care about it?" Luo Feng shook his head and frowned. "Even though they are considered universe citizens, these are after all star travellers too,, this is akin to a huge massacre. And this sort of thing was happening in every galaxy. There are over tens of thousands of galaxies in the Du Tuo starfield that he controls…and the blood trials happen over a long period of time. Considering the massacre of so many universe citizens, does the company not even say anything?"

Dylan looked at Luo Feng and shook his head, "Unless it reaches a critical amount, the company and Huge Axe Aojo cannot do anything."

"Critical amount"

Luo Feng thought.

He remembered the details of the mission mentioning that if the number of people killed didn’t hit the restricted amount, they couldn’t be punished.

"This isn’t even the limit yet? Just what is it then?" Luo Feng couldn’t help but ask.

"Luo Feng, the limit is calculated per planet." Dylan explained. "If every year, every life planet has a limit of 200 star travellers that could be killed, and every galaxy has 200,000 life planets. Then in 1 year, the number of star travellers that could be killed in a single galaxy would be one hundred million. And the number for this blood demon trial that occurs every 100 years would be…10 billion! Of course at different levels of power and position, the limit is different too. An emperor level undying or knight naturally has different standards. A knight can kill in the trillions without any repercussions, of course…they too have a limit to uphold."

Luo Feng understood.

Privilege!

Just like Void gold master, that level of being, he could probably kill off half of a universe country with countless deaths and still have no repercussions at all. At most, he would get a slight punishment from the upper echelons of humanity.

"They cannot ban killing from those managing the planet territories." Dylan said, "Blood demon emperor controls the entire Du Tuo star field with billions of planets. Since it’s citizens were countless…his blood demon trials only took so many people, and this amount doesn’t even get close to the limit. After all, other than the trials…he doesn’t randomly massacre citizens on the planets. He knows the importance of steadiness too, the better the billions of planets advance, continuously producing warriors, the stronger and more solid his power grows."

"Hmph."

Luo Feng frowned, "This method of picking elites, doesn’t he fear that the elites would eventually hate him?"

"So what if they do, they would be constantly nurtured, and when they become sector lords…only then would they have the right to have their souls invaded to become blood demon soldiers." Dylan shook his head.

"Blood demon soldiers?" Luo Feng was stunned.

"Blood demon emperor has created a technique, through which he’s currently capable of controlling 999 undying slaves." Dylan said indifferently. "And his undying disciples and slaves, along with the sector lord disciples, they all train in this technique as well. Hence, they too can control a few slaves, however those that were all controlled were elites."

"Blood demon emperor controls undying slaves and nurtures his disciples, the undying slaves then control another new group, and those elites and exceptional worthy ones will train in the technique too…" Dylan smiled coldly, "As long as one is controlled, he becomes a blood demon soldier."

Luo Feng’s expression changed.

"And the blood demon trial was created precisely for picking the blood demon soldiers." Dylan smiled coldly. "The never ending supply of elite geniuses from the entire starfield, they would all end up in Blood demon emperor’s hands! His governance is incredibly sturdy and matchless…he is definitely a terrifying being amongst the emperor level undyings."

…

As Luo Feng and Dylan were high in their ship patiently awaiting the gathering, the dark purple flat ship that was giving orders opened its doors, a 100m diameter disc shaped ship entered.

"Lord La Peter is here." Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"Quick, go welcome Lord La Peter, quickly."

Within the dark purple ship.

A group of well dressed silhouettes were present. Among them, the weakest being universe level 3, swiftly ran to the entrance, leading the way was a domain lord and behind him were over 100 universe level upper management.

Hua…

The door of the disc shaped ship opened. A snowy crystal skinned man with snow white short hair and black armor walked out with a piercing gaze. The group of upper management all bowed respectfully, not daring to look up.

Two guards followed behind him, both of them were sector lord level 9!

"Greetings Lord La Peter!" Over 100 people bowed respectfully.

"Hm." The snow skinned black armored man nodded coldly. "Have all the participants for the trial gathered?"

"It’s already reached 7 billion, they should all be gathered in about half a day." The leading domain lord said respectfully.

"Hm."

This La Peter nodded indifferently.

He, sector lord level 9 was a part of the blood demon core. He was trained in the blood demon techniques and the two behind him were two blood demon soldiers that he controlled.

"I’m in charge of supervising the trials this time." His eyes gleamed coldly as his gaze swept past the group of management. Immediately, they all felt uneasy. "The control of the entire trial must be done well. Make sure that the final 100 are those that have survived after killing and surviving the battle, and not those lucky ones that hide and survive, understood?"

"Yes!"

The management all complied.

"To the control room." La Peter brought his two guards and walked towards the control room, the group followed behind.

The many ships arrived one by one. As the doors opened, large amounts of star travellers trapped in cages walked out, a blur of humans swiftly filled every corner of the mineral planet.

With their energy sensing abilities and the ship’s flying speeds, 10 billion star travellers gathered on this mineral planet…the density was simply too high.

"Wu Wa."

The youth standing on some stones had a blade on his waist. He held onto the weak girl beside him, carefully gazing about. The blur of star travellers felt the formless pressure all over, "In a moment, we will do as we had planned. You help me and we’ll work together to survive the 1st battle and later find a desolate place to hide."

"Hm." The girl looked about cautiously too, spreading her formless spirit energy around.

Anxiousness!

An occasional ship flew by above, sending another million star travellers, it made the pressure increase constantly.

"Ah, ah ah…Mommy, mommy!" There were some that collapsed mentally, crying like infants for their mothers.

No one laughed at them.

Almost 99% of the them felt like they were about to collapse at anytime. They had heard of the legends of the blood demon trials ever since they were young. After flying in cages for days plus being cramped with so many others, the killing intent, the fear, the pressure…it was enough to make a person collapse.

…

Within the dark purple flat ship.

The snow skinned snow white hair La Peter was looking over everything. As he saw their fear, their collapsed states, his eyes filled with excitement and they twitched slightly. His entire being appeared to have entered a state of madness.

"Lord La Peter, 9,992 ships have already arrived, the final 8 will arrive soon. The blood demon trial will begin soon…please announce the commencement of the trial." The leading domain lord said respectfully.

"Hurry."

La Peter’s eyes were filled with madness, "I cannot wait any more."

The final 8 ships arrived and when the final 8 million arrived on the mineral planet, the ships left and a cold voice filled the air above the entire planet.

"Children!"

"Only 100 of you from the 10 billion will survive. Through the great blood demon trial, you’ll become the most loyal and exceptional soldiers. Right now…let the killing begin! Kill everyone around you, kill them all!"

His voice resounded.

However at that time…

Two silhouettes swiftly descended from the skies.

"Babata, open the synchronized broadcast to the virtual universe network."

"Yes."

Two silhouettes, one was a green armored black haired youth, and on his forehead was a gold engraving. His entire being was almost like a terrifying gold blade piercing forward. Beside him was a black robed normal looking bald man.

From Ten thousand km away, the two of them instantly reached the surface of the planet.

"Using the world ring, keep!" Luo Feng triggered the world energy within the ring and swiftly spread it over the entire planet.

Hu!

The 10 billion star travellers that were just about to begin killing vanished and the mineral planet was left completely empty. They all appeared within the spacious grasslands of his world ring.

"Pu chi!"

"Go and die!"

"Kill!"

The 10 billion that had entered a state of madness didn’t notice their surroundings change. As Luo Feng kept them, part of them had already begin their battles. However, after being tossed into the grasslands, they were all stunned. Even the siblings stained in blood looked about in shock.

…

The moment he collected all the star travellers into his ring, he ordered, "Close synchronized broadcast."

"Yes." Babata complied.

"The 2nd mission sure is simple, it’s over just like that." Luo Feng shook his head.

At that time…

"Those that dare disrupt the blood demon trials, you will die!" An enraged howl filled the entire planet. Simultaneously a terrifying blade flash tore through the universe space, slashing over 10,000 km and headed straight towards Luo Feng.