Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 720: 3rd Level

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"Wow…" The fist sized Babata on Luo Feng’s shoulder stared wide eyed, shocked, "The Virtual Universe Company sure is the Virtual Universe Company, this is like a slap to the face."

Luo Feng shook his head and forced a smile. "They are not forcing Blood demon emperor, they are forcing me."

The details of the mail were…

"3rd level mission: Blood Demon emperor controls the entire Du Tuo starfield, with hundreds of undyings under him. Even though he hasn’t done anything over the limit, there are a few of his underlings that have. Currently, we have confirmed 21 of them.

There are 21 undyings and 19 sector lords.

They are…

Abdullah: Undying, given the Chi Tie galaxy as territory. He had once massacred all life on a few hundred planets in the galaxy, even keeping a large amount of them in his god country…

Yi Suo: Undying…

Ai Di: Sector lord…

Ao Ke Fei: Sector lord, he had once gathered over 10 billion young ladies and organized the craziest blood demon ceremony, over ten billion of them becoming a sea of blood. He also…"

"Mission: The Virtual Universe Company has already sent the order to blood demon emperor to capture these 21 alive, and he has already locked them up within blood demon planet. Luo Feng, you are to swiftly head over there…and judge the 21 of them. The choices are…Death, jail for a million years, jail for a hundred years, innocent.

The fates of these 21 are in your hands, you can judge them in whatever way you want.

You control whether they live or die."

"Reminder: When you reach blood demon planet, you have to open the synchronized broadcast, and close it only after the judgments are complete."

Within the study.

Luo Feng couldn’t help but force a smile. He had known that the highest point mission wouldn’t be that simple. The 1st and 2nd levels didn’t pose any difficulty at all to him, and no danger was present. However this 3rd level…

The Virtual Universe Company was absurd, ordering Blood demon emperor to capture the 21 people.

Even though he was a member of the Hong alliance, the power of the Virtual Universe Company was on another level altogether. How could the little Blood demon emperor go against them? Naturally, he could only obediently capture the 21. However the judgment and the fate of these 21, they actually let Luo Feng do it, having to personally head over to blood demon planet!

Blood demon planet!

That was Blood demon emperor’s nest!

He would naturally meet Blood demon emperor himself, and execute his judgment before him. Wasn’t this a blatant slap in the face?

"The heavier the sentence, the more it would invoke Blood demon emperor’s hate!" Luo Feng shook his head. "Afterall everything is decided by me, and if I give a light sentence, it would go against my character."

"They are really forcing me."

"The Virtual Universe Company has ordered Blood demon emperor to do so, he must be enraged and yet at the same time, he cannot disobey the direct orders." Luo Feng forced a smile. From the way he did things, it was obvious that the Blood demon emperor wasn’t a kind person. Now for no reason whatsoever, he had to go offend a great emperor level undying?

On that mineral planet.

In mid air, Luo Feng and Dylan along with the winged old man stood in space and chatted.

The old man smiled, "Your majesty Luo Feng, have you seen the 3rd level mission?"

"Hm." Luo Feng nodded and revealed a sense of helplessness.

"Haha…" The old man laughed at the scene. "Relax, even though that blood demon planet is his nest, he would never ever dare touch you, unless he’s looking to die."

"Even if he doesn’t dare now, what about the future?" Luo Feng shook his head.

"Then that’ll depend on your choice, a lighter punishment will make it so that he will remember your mercy." The old man muttered. "Alright, we won’t say anymore. Please follow me towards blood demon planet."

"Hm."

Luo Feng wasn’t in a good mood, he nodded and kept the Yun Mo planet ship. He flew with Dylan into the black ship from the Virtual Universe Company and headed to blood demon planet.

Blood demon planet, it was the core of the entire Du Tuo star field.

Over 10,000 galaxies holding their blood demon trials to absorb more elites that would be sent here, large amounts of blood demon soldiers, be it sector lords or undying, they were all here. Also…the powerful Blood demon emperor himself stayed here, it was truly a demon hole.

"They are going overboard! The Virtual Universe Company is simply bullying me!!!"

His voice resounded throughout the entire blood demon palace, every one within shuddered.

Within the palace.

The god dressed in red armor with a helmet was raging. Beside him, 18 undyings all acted respectfully.

"If they want to catch my underlings, just do it. Yet they force me to do it myself, capturing Abdullah and the other 20!" His eyes burned with flames of rage. "They want to sentence my people and still force me to do it personally. They even sent people to disrupt my blood demon trial earlier! They seriously do not even bother showing me any respect!"

The 18 undyings had expressions of righteousness, within however they were thinking…

Disrespecting Blood demon emperor?

What a joke. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Why would the Virtual Universe Company even bother with him. It was such a huge power, Blood demon emperor was but a little thing compared to them!

"Seriously overboard!!!!" He raged even more.

"I’ve told you all before, when I give you territories and galaxies to handle, it’s up to you how you do it, but always remember the limit." He turned to look at the 18 undyings beside him, "Now you see, Abdullah and Yi Suo have got it coming to them, you all better remember this."

"We will remember." The 18 undyings bowed respectfully.

"Lord." One of the shorted undyings said respectfully. "Didn’t the order of the Virtual Universe Company also say that it will send a primal region member Luo Feng over to do the judgments, and that all the sentences will be dealt by him. A small domain lord, at least with your pressure…he wouldn’t dare offend you. When the time comes, he may even let them go off scot free."

"Hm."

Blood demon emperor said solemnly, "Sounds right, that little punk wouldn’t dare offend me! No matter what, since Abdullah and the others are all my underlings, I must do my best to keep their lives."

For this lone warrior, his underlings were all precious to him.

When others came to seek shelter, he naturally had to take up the responsibility of a boss. The two undyings had come to him earlier to seek help. the least he could do was to protect their lives. Even though the undyings about him didn’t dare say it, they weren’t that blind to the situation, if they fell, Blood demon emperor’s interior cohesiveness would naturally fall.

6 days later.

A black ship appeared in the galaxy outside blood demon planet.

"Your majesty Luo Feng, look, that’s blood demon planet." The winged old man pointed and said.

Luo Feng glanced over, there floated a completely blood red planet, just seeing it up close was enough to make one shudder.

Hu!

The ship swiftly flew towards the planet. As it drew closer, one could see the huge mountain sized constructs. The entire surface of the planet was void of any technology. These constructs were all made like mountains, and the interior was where the network was.

"Sou!" Tearing past the atmosphere, the ship headed straight towards the most majestic palace.

"Your majesty Luo Feng, that is blood demon palace." The winged old man pointed far ahead at the most majestic palace. Surrounding it were many little palaces, even the small ones were a few km in area, many of them were surrounding the huge one.

In front of the huge palace was a huge plaza measuring tens of km, and large amounts of warriors gathered there. With just a glance, there were at least a thousand people here, and the weakest being sector lord. They were led by a red armored god, his brutal bloodthirst energy was felt by Luo Feng even through the ship.

Hu!

The ship descended and landed in the plaza, the cabin door opened.

The winged old man, Luo Feng and Dylan along with two others came out.

"Greetings Blood demon emperor." The white winged man bowed slightly, after which he introduced, "This is our Virtual Universe Company primal region genius, His majesty Luo Feng.

Luo Feng bowed too, showing respect to his elder while observing his actions. Even though Blood demon emperor had controlled his aura enough not to let Luo Feng feel the pressure, his blood red armor body itself gave off a weak aura, almost like an endless blood ocean.

He wore his helmet, hence making it hard to see his expressions.

"You are Luo Feng?" Blood demon emperor laughed. "True Yan emperor has indeed taught an exceptional student. I heard not long ago you disrupted my blood demon trial in the Wei Li galaxy?"

Luo Feng was stunned, saying, "Yes…"

"Haha, no need to explain."

Blood demon emperor waved his hand, "One galaxy’s blood demon trail means nothing. Over a span of trillion years, we’ve held it in over 10,000 galaxies over and over, losing 1 to even 10 times means nothing." At different levels, one’s perspective was different. To Blood demon emperor, 1 to 10 times of the trails was indeed nothing. However to his underlings, every one of them was an extremely important matter, how could they be careless?

"This Blood demon emperor seems straightforward." Luo Feng noticed as he thought, "However, he was forced to capture 21 of his underlings personally, with 2 of them being undying. Anyone with any temper wouldn’t be happy about that, he may not care about the blood demon trials, but my disruption of the trial was a slap to his face. If he said he didn’t care about my disruption, that would be a lie."

He thought so within.

On the surface, he showed gratitude, "Thank you Blood demon emperor for your understanding."

"Understood, of course I do. You are just working for the Virtual Universe Company, business is business, there are still many things of which you have the power to decide." Blood demon emperor laughed loudly, "Am I right?"

The winged old man interrupted. "His majesty Luo Feng definitely has the power to decide, whether the 21 are sentenced to death or imprisoned, or innocent. It’s all up to Luo Feng to decide."

"This old man…"

Luo Feng was getting anxious.

"Luo Feng’s power sure isn’t small, haha…" Blood demon emperor smiled even wider, looking at Luo Feng.

Over a hundred of the undyings that had gathered there looked at Luo Feng, along with the thousands of sector lords.