Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 721: Demon Blood Emperor and Luo Feng

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

The pressure from being stared at by Blood demon emperor along with over 100 undyings and the 1,000 sector lords was terrifying. However, Luo Feng had already experienced such a scene before…back when 9 blade knight’s undying army came. Their pressure, which also included the raging Shi Huo knight was much worse.

"Looks like this is his show of strength." Luo Feng thought.

"Your majesty." Dylan communicated beside, "We can only stay low and bear with it."

"Understood." Luo Feng answered.

At this time, Blood demon emperor laughed carefree, "Luo Feng and the undyings…please come in, follow me." He passionately grabbed Luo Feng’s hand and headed into Blood demon palace.

Luo Feng was taken aback, but he could only obediently follow him in. Dylan and the winged old man followed along with the vast army of undyings and sector lords.

"Lord."

Many absolutely beautiful lady maids were kneeling within the palace throughout.

"Come come come, Luo Feng, what do you think of my palace? The main body of this palace is an ancient one that I found damaged in a universe secret region a long time ago. I had it renovated and now it’s become the blood demon palace." He pointed about, "Just the repairs and renovation cost me over 10 million mixed elements."

Even though Luo Feng could feel a special energy from the palace, he wasn’t able to make sense of what it was. He could only smile along, "It’s really out of the ordinary."

"Indeed." The old winged undying pointed about and said, "The palace itself is a fortress. After the renovation and fusion with a metal life form…in terms of defense and battle ability, it’s even stronger than those F9 grade ships."

"Haha…"Blood demon emperor laughed loudly.

"Guards!"

Blood demon emperor suddenly shouted.

Immediately, 3 undyings from the army behind rushed up front.

"Go, bring the guilty 21 here." Blood demon emperor roared.

"Yes."

The 3 undyings complied respectfully.

This scene actually shocked Luo Feng, they had just entered the palace…wouldn’t bringing the 21 here immediately change the whole atmosphere?

"Luo Feng, I really respect your teacher True Yan Emperor. It’s a pity that over the many years, he’s always been in primal chaos city and never left. Hence, I’ve never had the chance to have a taste of his unmatched talent, it truly fills me with regret." Blood demon emperor sighed. "You are his disciple and my junior, sentencing these 21 is a small matter, we can talk about it later. Since you are here for the first time, I’ve prepared a ceremony for you. Come, follow me!"

He led the way.

Luo Feng could do nothing but follow.

After a while.

They entered a large hall, the army of undyings and sector lords stayed in the reception area outside while Blood demon emperor, Luo Feng, Dylan and the winged old man along with two others entered the exquisite small hall. An exquisite jade blue stone table was already prepared there along with well carved chairs.

The six of them sat down.

"Bring the dishes." Blood demon emperor ordered.

Immediately, absolute beautiful ladies carried the dishes out. They were all fine delicacies, and there were many plates of them. There was also fine wine and many other deserts.

"This is…The demon clan Soul dragon’s liver?" The winged old man was shocked, "This, this is the Flame Snow Soul juice?"

Everybody around the table looked on with shock at the many delicacies that were coming out. There were many fine dishes on earth, however with the vast and mysterious universe and the immeasurable food items, there was much much more around. Luo Feng was already used to fine delicacies from the virtual universe.

With 100% simulation, the price was still much cheaper.

However it was after all still just the virtual universe, the feeling within was still different. As for the dishes before them…even in the virtual universe, they would still be extremely expensive.

"This table of dishes alone should hit up to 10 million mixed elements." The winged old man looked at blood demon emperor, "You’ve really spent quite a bit here."

"Haha, as long as you enjoy the food. The moment I met Luo Feng I was filled with joy, this little bit means nothing." Blood demon emperor said carefree.

Dylan and Luo feng exchanged glances.

This bit, how much was it worth?

What a joke!

10 million mixed elements was quite a bit, even for an emperor level undying that has accumulated wealth over extremely long periods of time. Even normal undyings’ wealth usually only hit up to 10,000 mixed elements. The two undyings captured to be sentenced, in terms of worth, they probably didn’t even hit 100,000 mixed elements.

Why did Blood demon emperor spend so much?

Just for the two undyings?

No.

Those two undyings weren’t worth this much, it was all for reputation and face!

The Virtual Universe Company had after all forced him to capture his 21 underlings. This had indeed enraged him, and he didn’t want to let down the undyings under him, hence he had to find a way to protect their lives. Spending 10 million mixed elements?

To an emperor level pinnacle warrior, he didn’t care!

To him, with his high and mighty position, even if he had to lower himself to treat this little punk well, spending 10 million mixed elements on incredibly luxurious delicacies, if we was willing to do so much…would Luo Feng be in a good position to sentence the 21 heavily?

The action was simply.

Yet it was very effective.

…

Luo Feng looked at the many luxurious delicacies on the table, not daring to eat.

"The mouth that has been fed by others is soft, the hand that has received doesn't reach!" Luo Feng thought, "For Blood demon emperor to lower himself for me, if I eat any of these delicacies…how will I be in a good position to sentence his underlings heavily later?"

"Come, try the Soul dragon’s liver. It’s an absolute delicacy, it will make your entire soul feel comfortable as you eat it. When I knew you were coming Luo Feng, I had this sent over via god country teleportation, it is definitely extremely fresh." Blood demon emperor said.

Luo Feng and Dylan both didn’t eat.

The winged old man and the other two however ate to their hearts’ content.

"Good food, delicious." The old man exclaimed. "I really have to thank you Luo Feng this time. Otherwise, if it was just me, even with my entire fortune it wouldn’t be enough to afford the items in this table." The two normal undyings that followed along both nodded too, complimenting the food.

"These 3!" Luo Feng was angry.

They were purely here to make a mess of things.

"Try it." Blood demon emperor looked on with anticipation at Luo Feng.

Under his gaze…

How could Luo Feng not eat? L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

He picked up his chopsticks and began to eat before shaking his head. "Please forgive me Blood demon emperor, I cannot eat now, since the mission from the Virtual Universe Company is still on my mind."

"Hm, I shall not force you then." Blood demon emperor laughed.

At this time, a ruckus occurred from the reception area and Blood demon emperor frowned and shouted, "Open the doors."

"Yes." The maid beside immediately went to open the doors.

Even though Luo Feng and the others were seated around the table, they could still see the scene of protest outside in the reception hall. 21 chained up warriors knelt outside and two of them especially had powerful auras. Their chains were different too, with complex engravings on them, obviously it was some kind of seal.

Killing undyings was a very hard thing to do.

Sealing was much easier. Defeating them was easier than sealing, however it was obvious that these two undyings were sealed up specially.

"Lord!"

The two chained up undyings knelt down. Beside them were the 19 sector lords who knelt down as well.

"Hmph!" Blood demon emperor slammed the tablet before him, shouting, "It’s too late to regret now!"

"Lord, we’ve wronged."

"We are extremely regretful now, please give us a chance."

The two undyings protested, but obviously they also knew that they only had 1 life, plus it was begging Blood demon emperor, naturally they didn’t care too much about their face anymore. They were clear this was a true predicament. Afterall, it was the order of the Virtual Universe Company, if they weren’t careful, they could be instantly killed.

"Give you a chance?" Blood demon emperor stood up fiercely and roared. "If you knew this was coming, why did you do such things then! What’s more…your fates aren’t in my hands today, but in Luo Feng’s from the Virtual Universe Company! If you want to beg, beg him."

"Your majesty Luo Feng."

"Lord Luo Feng."

The two undyings knelt there and begged. The 19 sector lords beside had pained expressions, however they didn’t say a word.

Luo Feng immediately guessed, "The sector lords probably don’t mean anything to Blood demon emperor. These 19 sector lords have been controlled to not say anything, it’s obvious that he really wants to save the two undyings this time. As for the 19 sector lords, they are at my disposal."

The two undyings that had death facing them begged earnestly.

"You two." Blood demon emperor walked from his seat to the reception hall, standing before the two undyings. He sighed softly and gently slapped their shoulders, "Abdullah, Yi Suo, you two have followed me for so long, I don’t wish for you to die too. However, I have no say in this, it’ll depend on your fates."

After which he shook his head and walked back.

"Luo Feng." Blood demon emperor sighed, "These two have been with me for over 10,000 eras, I’d be lying if I said they didn’t mean anything to me. However, you have to pass the judgment. I hope that you can follow the orders of the Virtual Universe Company and still give them a chance to survive. They are after all two undyings, as every single undying is a treasure to the human race, producing even one undying isn’t an easy task at all."

Within the hall and reception room, all of them had gone silent.

Only Blood demon emperor was speaking and acting.

Seeing this scene…how could Luo Feng not be clear of his intentions?

He had basically laid everything bare. Even though it didn’t seem like he was forcing Luo Feng, in truth, he was telling him…show me some grace and let the two undyings go. But, the other 19 are at your disposal!

"Luo Feng, go judge the 21 of them." Blood demon emperor said and sat beside him in a chair.

"Yes blood demon emperor."

Luo Feng complied respectfully and turned to face the kneeling 21.