Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 723: 4th Level Mission

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Dylan saw that Luo Feng didn’t even seem nervous about it, he couldn’t help but say, "Little uncle!"

"Hm?" Luo Feng was stunned.

Dylan usually called him your majesty, why did he change now.

"There are many hidden dangers in the path to becoming strong, you cannot get careless. Dylan said nervously, "I’m here on orders from the grandmaster to protect you. Even if we meet any true dangers, I can swiftly call my teacher Blood thirst emperor over. However…this is only during your domain lord stage. When you reach sector lord level and go explore the more dangerous areas, you’ll experience far crazier levels of danger. And the guard team cannot be there to protect you anymore. When that time comes where there is no one to protect you, characters like Blood Demon Emperor may arrange for assassination attempts on you! People may not even know how you die!"

"I understand." Luo Feng nodded.

"If you knew that, how could you still offend him like that." Dylan said.

"Dylan, Although I understand it, It’s too late now. Alright." Luo Feng said.

Dylan couldn’t help but shake his head.

Luo Feng was grateful for Dylan’s concern. However, Dylan couldn’t possibly know about his trump cards. When he reaches sector lord pinnacle, he would immediately have 50 million mixed elements, with that huge amount, he would definitely buy valuable treasures.

Like training deities of the world!

Or evolving the cloud contact vine to undying!

Anyway…

He already had a rough idea of how to strengthen himself. Along with his clones, he naturally had his own ways of making sure he wouldn’t die! His strength may not be enough to withstand those beings, but he could still improve his survival rate.

"Luo Feng, Luo Feng, there’s mail." Babata’s voice resounded in his mind.

"It should be the mission completion rate." Luo Feng muttered and immediately sent a thread of consciousness into the virtual universe network.

Virtual universe Yu Xiang mountain primal region, Luo Feng’s villa.

Within the study.

Luo Feng sat at his desk and gently tapped open the mail, and while looking at the subject title, he realized that it was the 3rd level’s mission completion status.

The details were…

"You’ve already completed the highest point mission’s 3rd level. Through the judgment of the members, Luo Feng, your completion rate of this 3rd level is 100%. You’ll get 300,000 points and the right to go on to the 4th level."

Seeing those words.

Luo Feng and Babata were stunned.

100% completion?

It actually reached that level, it was absurd, it represented that the upper echelon members that judged his mission on blood demon planet to be completely satisfactory from start to end. This made Luo Feng suspicious…he had already guessed that his completion rate would be high, but 100% was extreme, after which he looked at the comments.

"Evaluation: Blood Thirst emperor lowered himself to welcome you and prepared a huge banquet for you. Even with all these formless pressures along with his status and reputation, Luo Feng, you actually still dealt the death sentence to all 21, it is commendable! You maintained your sense of self, despite all the threats and pressure. You are indeed strong and sturdy. Well done. We hope you can carry on this way."

Seeing those words, Luo Feng laughed.

"What does it mean?" Babata shouted, his voice piercing, "The evaluation says it’s very satisfied with you, why is it so?"

"Because I was unwilling to compromise and completed the mission perfectly." Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed brightly as he laughed, "I completely understand now."

"What do you understand?" Babata asked curiously.

"You know very little about human character." Luo Feng shook his head. On earth, Luo Feng was considered the upper echelon too, hence it was easy for him to consider things from that angle.

What did the Virtual Universe Company’s upper echelon need? They needed assistants!

Even with the emperor level undyings, they were still only considered as helpers of the knights. After that, when they become the great knights themselves…there would still be even greater beings above these knights, beings like the primal chaos city leader etc. In summary, the true bosses, the upper echelon people.

As for those below, they were simply there to execute orders!

"If I were to nurture a genius, it would not be bad if he became an emperor level undying. As for becoming a knight…the chances are extremely low…hence this mission is actually for them to pick their assistants in the future." Luo Feng muttered. "If I were the upper echelon members, I’d naturally hope for my underlings to stay strong and finish the mission."

"If they were to back down in the face of danger or compromise when there’s trouble, the missions wouldn’t be able to complete fully, these sort of underlings naturally wouldn’t do."

"Strong and firm?"

"To the upper echelon, they definitely wish for their underlings to be strong and firm, acting like a loyal dog to them." Luo Feng smiled. It was like the statesmen and generals of ancient china, they were all incredibly loyal and were even willing to die rather than to give in. These were the underlings the upper echelon would like.

Talent, loyalty and firmness!

These were good underlings!

In truth, it was hard to find such people, most absolute geniuses had themselves as the core, they judged the hour and sized up each situation, backing down at danger and would usually submit in the face of danger. However, these naturally went against the mission requests. Hence the judgment of this level was especially easy.

If Luo Feng had spared the two undyings, the mission completion rate would definitely be lower than 80%, in the evaluation. It would have stated that he was too protective of himself, a coward and was unable to take huge responsibility.

If Luo Feng had only killed one undying and heavily punishing the other, he would have barely passed 80%.

But Luo Feng’s actions naturally resulted in 100%.

…

Luo Feng was very firm and decisive, bold and dedicated to progress. Even in the face of danger he hardly ever backed down…unless it was truly something he couldn’t handle.

"Luo Feng, look at the 4th level." Babata shouted, "There’s another mail."

"Hm."

Luo Feng laughed and opened the mail. "The highest point mission has 4 levels, each getting more vicious than the other. The 3rd was already vicious enough…who knows what the 4th level will be."

The 1st level gave 100,000 points.

The 2nd had 200,000 points.

The 3rd was 300,000 points.

The 4th… even though it seemed like it was just 400,000 points, in truth, it was probably the most critical to the extra reward that came after, that being 1 million points. Hence the importance of the 4th level was huge.

Di.

Luo Feng gently tapped open the mail.

"4th level, it is the final level of the highest point mission, it is also the most crucial for the extra reward. We hope Luo Feng, that you will carry it out carefully.

"Mission background: Ever since Luo Feng rose up and became a supervisor envoy of the Ganwu department, his family’s position has been getting stronger. As his bloodline members range in the 100s of thousands, including the many daughter in-law’s and so on, his members exceed over a million. Even though they have their family rules…however it’s not realistic for the family to have complete supervision over the later generations that are scattered throughout the universe. Hence, naturally there will be vermin within the family.

Mission details: Luo Family’s 21 members have been recognized as guilty. Luo Feng, you will now sentence these 21. You can choose death, jail for 100 years, jail for 10,000 years or innocent. If you choose death, you will have to execute them personally. These 21 are…"

Luo Feng’s face was ashen as he read.

He continued to look through the list.

"Luo Fu Xin, Luo feng’s 15th generation grandson, he used Luo Families influence to do energy business. When he meets a competitor, he either assassinates them or sabotages them, and he had also once completely massacred a family of thousands. Since Luo Feng is the supervisor envoy of the Ganwu universe department, the many departments don’t dare investigate.

Luo Yu Qian: Luo Feng’s 9th generation grandson…

Luo Yu Rong: Luo Feng’s 9th generation grandson…

…

Luo Fang Qiong: Luo Feng’s 12th generation grandson…

Luo Hong Guo: Luo Feng’s father…"

Luo Feng began reading this mail while sitting there. As he read, he slowly got up, his face growing more ashen, especially after seeing the 21 names on the list, his gaze went manic. That last name Luo Hong Guo made him slam the table violently.

Rumble!

The table exploded and the laptop split apart.

"Damn!!!" Luo Feng’s expression was frenzied as he cursed.

"21, 21!" Luo Feng’s expression was ugly, and he laughed softly at the same time. "Vicious, I just punished 21 in blood demon planet. Now they give me this 4th level…making me sentence another 21 of them. Even though all of them are mostly my later generation grandsons, the final one is still my father!"

"Implausible!"

"Seriously implausible!" Luo Feng gritted his teeth. "I do admit there are some amongst the 21 that deserve death, but my father? He does nothing but play virtual games the whole day, for you all to actually deem him guilty."

The family was huge, including the women, it hit over a million.

With such a large family, it was certain that there would be some vermin within, but for Luo Hong Guo to be placed in the list, it made Luo Feng rage.

Who was that?

That was his father!!!

The father that nurtured him!

How could he forget that back then, when they were in the rental house, his father had worked hard to feed the family. According to the virtual universe’s investigative results that were found, even if he was dragged to a court, the punishment of death sentence would be too severe. He would be jailed for at least 10,000 years etc. However, Luo Feng was very clear about his father’s personality!

It was obvious his father had unknowingly been used by others. Actually, with the Virtual Universe Company’s investigative abilities, it could easily find the real reason. However, they purposely chose not to do so or they decided not to provide extra information.

This way. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

With 21 names on the list, each with different positions and different limits of crimes. Like an emperor level undying…even if he massacred over 10 planets and over 100 billion lives, he wouldn’t be guilty. However for normal people, within the confines of the law, even if they killed 1 universe citizen, he could be sentenced to death.

"Father." Luo Feng gripped his fists tightly.

"What are you prepared to do Luo Feng?" Babata muttered on his shoulder, "You sentenced all 21 members on blood demon planet to death before. But now, the Virtual Universe Company has sent another 21 of them, yet all of them are from your family. Damn, look, these 21 all have the Luo name. It’s definitely intentional and was created to make your life difficult…and then your father’s name is there as well. How will you sentence them?"