Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 724: Grey Snow World

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"How do I sentence them?" Luo Feng’s eyes burned with rage, yet he smiled coldly. "How do you think I’ll do it!"

"Impressive. The Virtual Universe Company sure is impressive. They actually give me this as the final of the highest point mission, and they even make me sentence my father." Luo Feng clearly remembered all the details of the 21 people on the list, of which the clearest in his mind was that of his father.

His father’s name there, it stated he had kill many important universe citizens.

Of course his father had never done anything personally. One had to know he had always been on earth and all he does was play virtual universe games, and he naturally couldn’t make a move himself. The information the company had given was…Luo Hong Guo, was one of the die hard players of the virtual universe game Grey Snow world.

The virtual games had a huge influence on the 1,008 universe countries.

Because, to become an absolute warrior, it took tens of thousands of warriors for one universe level to be produced, sector lord chances were much lower. Hence, with many unable to progress on that path, having no dreams to pursue and rich offspring, jobs that gave them lots of time…they would all naturally choose to play these games. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

100% simulation, it felt exactly like reality.

If they couldn’t become an absolute warrior in reality, they may still become one in these games. They could still command an army and dominate the world, how intoxicating was that?

Hence!

The virtual universe games were an exceptionally developed business, they had a huge market and the competition within was naturally terrifying. The games the Virtual Universe Company made themselves however take up a huge portion of the market. Of which, Grey Snow world was one of the top 10 games.

The highest amount of online players at a time had even reached 1/3rd of citizens in a universe country.

With that many players, the benefits within the game were naturally shocking.

Luo Hong Guo!

With Luo Feng as his son, he was naturally one of the wealthy players within. His son would casually give him wealth equivalent to that of a sector lord to play. And the true warriors would normally only play these games a little. Training and strengthening their body was the most fundamental to them. Luo Hong Guo had money and was incredibly passionate about the games, thirdly he had a talent to play these games. Last but not least, Luo Feng had forcefully made his father reach universe level. Hence, his consciousness level and reaction speeds etc were far ahead of many other players.

Naturally he made a name within!

Luo Hong Huo had created a union within, called Nirvana.

The Nirvana union grew extremely fast.

However, with the players of Grey Snow world spread throughout the 1,008 universe countries, many of them being the descendants of families with no hope of growing stronger, they had a lot of time to kill. These were the empty souls of reality, but they grew alive through the games. Hence, the competition amongst the unions within the games were usually brutal!

Hence…this eventually resulted in disasters within reality as well. For example, the members of a union may appear in reality to kill another, making it naturally crumble.

Even though the Virtual Universe Company wouldn’t reveal its players information, the communication between players may result in unintentional revelation of information. There were also many players that called their friends by names, when a large group of them were playing together. The moment one person was compromised, everyone’s information would definitely be revealed.

During the growth of the Nirvana union, there were thousands of assassination incidents in reality! Some of them were extremely brutal.

As the leader of the Nirvana union, Luo Hong Guo naturally had to take up this responsibility!

…

"Stupid." Luo Feng raged within. He was so mad, that he was about to go crazy. "My father had always been a normal person who worked very hard in life. When he was young, he didn’t even get to go to school before the great Nirvana happened! Later on, he worked hard to take care of me and my brother, he doesn’t know anything about schemes. Without a good education, plain and simple…how could he have the makings of a Leader of a union."

How could Luo feng not be clear on how his father was like?

No matter what he did, he worked hard to survive and grow his family. When he played the virtual games he was completely immersed within, how would he know about the dangers hidden within.

"At its peak, 1/3rd of the civilians of a universe country are online playing it simultaneously. That means at its peak, there was 1 playing out of 3,000 civilians at the time!" Luo Feng had tried playing the games before, every game was like a new world altogether, it was extremely addictive.

"A game with that many players, how huge are its benefits?"

"With the payouts, there would naturally be schemes and hidden things going on."

"The nirvana union’s growth speed, how shocking is it? Simply relying on his father, gathering countless elites to grow the union in the game itself, that wasn’t too possible. If his father had such foresight and skill, he wouldn’t have had to work hard for 10 to 20 years to support them before." Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. "Maybe it’s because has money, or they know of his status, they think that the father of the supervisor envoy of the Ganwu department is powerful enough. Hence they all entered and helped build his union."

Ganwu department supervisor envoy!

Huge figure!

To those players, this was an absolute power that ranked in the top 10 of a universe country. For his father to actually play the game and to build a union, they would naturally join him. Having money and power, naturally had their benefits.

Virtual universe, Black Dragon mountain island 9 star bay.

Luo Feng’s house.

"Give the order." Luo Feng ordered. "Swiftly capture these 20, don’t let any of them get away." After which, he slammed a piece of paper on the table.

"Why are you unhappy?" Xu Xin looked at the paper.

The 20 names on the list.

Luo Fu Xin, Luo Yu Qian, Luo Yu Rong…

Xu Xin was shocked after reading the list. She looked at Luo Feng and asked suspiciously, "Why are you capturing these 20, they all have their own businesses, and are considered exceptional amongst the later generations of offspring in the Luo family. Their businesses are doing alright, of which 3 of them, I was prepared to absorb into the family for important matters."

"Absorb them?" Luo Feng said coldly, "Don’t speak anymore, hurry and capture these 20. Remember, don’t let anyone get away."

"Alright."

Xu Xin didn’t ask anymore, immediately arranging for their captures.

When it came to the main matters in the family, Xu Xin was usually in charge of them. In terms of management ability, she was indeed strong.

"Also, grab all of them and bring them to Qian Hua planet." Luo Feng said coldly, "I’ll be there in 3 days."

…

The previous three missions had never enraged Luo Feng this much. It may be from the fact that his later generations weren’t determined enough, or the fact that the Virtual Universe Company purposely made him do such a thing. The raging Luo Feng didn’t want to slowly fly over from the Gu Lun virtual universe country in a ship. He used Dylan’s god country teleportation to immediately return to the milky way galaxy!

And after which he headed to Qian Hua planet.

Black Dragon Mountain empire, Qiu Long star.

In a luxurious mansion, all those that headed in and out seemed wealthy. The owner of the place was Luo Fu Xin, he was the energy businessman that suddenly rose up within the Black Dragon Mountain empire. The energy business was one that had sudden huge profits, and the entry requirements were also extremely high. And yet, he was still one no one dared to mess with!

Even the royal family passionately supported him.

"Lord Luo, Lord Luo." A piercing voice resounded.

A skinny skeleton middle aged man dressed in exquisite golden robes, brought a group of people along the mansion halls, shouting as they walked. From far, a person walked over. It was a handsome youth, dressed in a similarly exquisite robe. He laughed carefreely, "Ka Tuo Si, my dear Ka Tuo Si, I’ve missed you."

"Ah, let me see the group of beautiful women behind you." The youth’s eyes gleamed as he saw the women of all races behind.

"Lord Luo, these are the absolute beauties that I’ve painstakingly searched over 10 star fields for you." The skinny middle aged man laughed slyly. He was very clear on how powerful this youth before him was, even the Ganwu business department had to treat the supervisor envoy with respect. And the business head of the ganwu department…was already considered the greatest boss of the Ganwu universe country’s business dealings.

Who would dare offend that boss. Anyone that did so could simply give up on business altogether. Hence, he naturally had to get in this youth’s good books!

He knew…

Even the departments all didn’t dare mess with him.

Also…

Anyone that went against him would all die.

"Hm hm." The youth carefully examined the ladies, complimenting, "My dear Ka Tuo Si, I am very grateful to you. I’ll give you an extra 25% share of the energy crystals that you require."

"25%? I spend so much energy just to get so little, what a stingy fellow." The middle aged man cursed within. However, he still displayed a smile full of gratitude, saying, "Lord Luo, you are too generous. If you need anything just give the order, I will do my best."

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

Three beams of light shot down from the sky.

"Who is it!"

"To actually dare barge in on Luo Residence." As they roared, a group of universe level slave guards rushed out.

The three beams of light landed directly before the youth, releasing their powerful energies.

"Three domain lords!" The middle aged man shuddered as he saw them. In the low level civilization of the Silver blue empire, the strongest was only domain lord level three. And now, three domain lords appear before them.

"Who are you, how dare you barge in on Luo residence!"

"Luo Fu Xin, on the family leader’s orders, we are here to arrest you." One of the 3 domain lords took out a warrant and captured the terrified Luo Fu Xin after.

Sou!

They flew black through the skies.

…

"I am Luo Yu Qian, how dare you capture me. You must be tired of living!"

…

"I am a member of the Luo Family, who are you!"

…

"The Ganwu supervisor envoy is my family leader, how dare you capture me."

…

The offspring of the Luo Family had power even greater than the royal family of the Black Dragon Mountain empire princes, and these 20 were considered vicious within the family. With such methods, their achievements were naturally huge. However, when they found out it was the leader that had sent for them to be captured, they were all stunned.

Rumble…

The blood colored triangular ship became a beam of light rushing towards the milky way galaxy’s Qian Hua planet.

Within the control room.

Luo Feng’s cold gaze stared at the planet before him, almost like he could see the captured offspring of the family within.