Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 726: End of Show

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Luo Fu Xin fell on the ground of the court, as fresh blood flowed from his forehead. This scene made everybody shudder.

"That’s the family leader."

"He really doesn’t show any mercy." Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Too strict."

The family members all had a blind sense of worship and respect to this legendary being Luo Feng. The entire family started from him! If anyone else in the family was carrying out this trial and that sparked disagreement, no one would dare even be any bit unsatisfied with Luo Feng carrying out any punishment.

They would only think of him as strict!

"Next, Luo Yu Qian." Luo Feng gazed at the next person below, "Do you know your crimes?"

The beautiful Luo Yu Rong that looked almost like a girl was completely pale, he put his head on the ground and said, "Yu Qian knows his crimes."

"Luo Yu Rong." Luo Feng’s gaze landed on a gentle looking girl that looked exactly like Luo Yu Qian beside, "Do you know your crimes?"

"Family leader, I…" Luo Yu Rong seemed to want to tear before lowering her head, "I do."

Luo Feng nodded.

He immediately sentenced them, "Luo Yu Rong, for bewitching your older brother Luo Yu Qian, you cannot be pardoned, death!" After which Luo Feng lifted his finger and shot a gold beam of light. This gold law infused attack pierced right through her forehead, leaving behind a bloody cavity.

"Rumble!" Luo Yu Rong fell on the floor, her face still filled with shock, regret, resentment.

"Little sister!" Luo Yu Qian immediately stared wide eyed, his tears flowing.

Luo Feng said coldly above, "Luo Yu Qiang, you pamper and empower your sister, not separating business and family ties. I sentence you…to 10,000 years in jail!" Large amounts of the members within the court were all shocked. This was because Luo Yu Qian’s name in the family was actually very well reputed, and they could tell that their crimes were mostly because…of his younger sister.

Jail for 10,000 years, he was only still at the star level! His life span wasn’t longer than 1 era! He would simply die in jail.

Unless…

He could break through to universe level in jail. Otherwise, he would stay in there till he died. Also, without all the resources the Luo family provided, just simply relying on his own capability, it was simply too hard to breakthrough to universe level.

…

"Relying on power to massacre, you reek of blood, your crimes are severe, death!"

…

"Vicious, however you are still young and haven’t done much, jail for 100 years."

…

"Evil crimes, death."

…

"Jail for 10,000 years."

…

"Death!"

…

"Death!"

…

"Jail for 100 years."

…

"Death!"

…

The entire court was tense, Luo Feng gazed coldly at the members below and carried out their sentences one by one. The Virtual Universe Company had intentionally arranged for different levels of crimes within the 21, some heavier, some light, some with lesser information. Luo Feng however went according to the detailed information the information department had given him!

His sentences were carried out according to the family rules!

Luo Feng didn’t care about any of the different rules of the universe country. The Luo Family had its own rules, some areas extremely strict, some more lax. It was something Luo Feng, Xu Xin, Luo Hua and others had worked together to put in place.

20 family members, of which 13 were sentenced to death, 4 were jailed for 10,000 years and 3 for a 100 years.

One had to know that amongst these 20, only 1 had become universe level and he was put to death by Luo Feng. Hence, those that were jailed for 10,000 years, all faced a dilemma. They had to breakthrough to universe level within the jail or they’d simply grow old and die within.

"Death!"

When Luo Feng killed the final member there.

The atmosphere in the court had reached an extreme level. In the past, when they held their trials, the death sentences weren’t carried out in the court there…and they weren’t done by the family leader himself.

"All of my members listen carefully." Luo Feng’s eyes gazed coldly at the surrounding close to 100,000 members in the court, saying coldly, "The family rules aren’t for you to mess with, even if you think you can get past the family investigation, do you think you can get past the Virtual Universe Company’s information department?"

The close to 100,000 members all listened intently.

"Along the path of becoming strong, killing is normal, killing a person in rage is normal." Luo Feng said coldly, "And even accidentally killing 1 or 2 innocents, can be explained as carelessness. However, by killing a hundred to thousands, these are intentional acts, do you think you can explain that? Even for a sector lord or undying, the moment they pass the limit…they too would be put to death! Don’t think that the family will protect you and allow you to carry on with your ways. Don’t think that you are clever enough to avoid the investigation department and thus continue on."

"You want to simply enjoy life, no problem! The lowest family resource grants can completely allow you to play virtual games till you die."

"However, these too have a limit."

"The moment you pass the limit…"

Luo Feng pointed below at the scene of fresh blood, bodies and lifelessness, the terrifying picture, "You’ll end up like them!"

After which, Luo Feng became a beam of light and left, leaving behind the silent members within. They were all shocked, almost all of them went back to carefully study the family rules, to prevent themselves from ever having to receive such punishments, the scene today had let all of them know that Luo Feng wasn’t joking.

This scene…

This news also swiftly spread to the other members who were dispersed throughout the many starfields and planets, as all of them watched the broadcast of the trial. Including the women, the members exceeded over a million, and they were all shocked. Some of them who were doing evil deeds had immediately change their ways.

…

Qian Hua planet.

Luo Feng stood on the top floor of a palace and said solemnly. "My father Luo Hong Guo…innocent!" The Virtual Universe Company requested for 21 to be judged. No matter what, he still had to do it. Even though Luo Feng didn’t capture his father or sentence him, he had long made his decision about him.

To kill his father?

He’d rather go up against the company itself! He would never let his father die. He could never forget that back then, his father was drenched in sweat, thirstily drinking water from a large plastic cup.

"Close the synchronized broadcast." Luo Feng said softly.

"Got it!"

Babata cheered, "The highest point mission is finally over."

"Hm, it’s over." Luo Feng nodded gently.

Whether it was the completion rate of the 4th level or how much extra reward they would give him, these were all matters for the upper echelon members to decide. At least, it was all over now.

The final 4th level with the most points.

The 1st level was judging 18 executives of the Flame wind organization.

The 2nd level was choosing which to one save.

The 3rd was judging the 19 sector lords and 2 undyings in front of the Blood demon emperor.

The 4th level was judging his own family members, including his father.

"Testing my character? Seeing how I truly am?" Luo Feng thought. "Now that the mission is over, I wonder if they can understand who I truly am."

Night.

The top level of the palace was very cold, Luo Feng stood there silently.

"Feng." A voice resounded.

Luo Feng turned, it was Xu xin in a white fur coat. She smiled, "What are you thinking about, are you still thinking about today’s trial? You had indeed shocked all the children of the family. Even those in the far away galaxies and other starfields were all shocked."

"That’s good, they should be afraid." Luo Feng said.

"Right." Xu Xin nodded.

"Xu Xin." Luo Feng suddenly flipped his hand and produced a simple looking laser gun.

"This is?" Xu Xin was shocked.

"E9 laser gun." Luo Feng smiled and explained. "It’s storage time is 0.1 seconds and it can kill normal sector lord level 9 warriors. This E9 laser gun, combined with the planet security system, the moment any enemy barges into the planet, with the security system triggering the gun, in a short 0.1 seconds…even a sector lord wouldn’t be able to rush over. After it’s preparation is complete, when you are close, just fire it and kill him! This is definitely an ultimate weapon."

Xu Xin nodded.

Even within the royal family of the Black Dragon Mountain empire, they didn’t have such a weapon. Sector lord level 9 warriors usually couldn’t keep watch over an area for a long time as their life spans were limited, and this laser gun simply required maintenance and it could last forever.

Even though Luo Feng had sector lord level 9 warriors in the family, those were his guards!

When Luo Feng reached sector lord level, the guards would all leave. At that point, Luo Feng would only be left with one sector lord Di Fan.

"With this E9 laser gun, the family will be much safer." Xu Xin said excitedly.

"This space ring is also for you." Luo Feng passed it to his wife.

"Hm?" Xu Xin took it curiously, "This is?"

"Automaton ship." Luo Feng said, "The main cannon of this ship is terrifying and is akin to an undying’s attack. Naturally the power is much stronger than the E9 laser gun. However, it’s range of attack is too huge and storage time is too long, its efficiency cannot compare to the laser gun. However it’s still another ultimate weapon."

Xu Xin nodded.

Akin to an undying’s attack…this was definitely a restricted weapon.

"Of course, you and my parents all stay on earth, and earth right now…is considered the safest place in the entire Ganwu universe country." Luo Feng smiled. What a joke, that majestic shrine in the solar system, just what level of being was stationed there, Luo Feng couldn’t even imagine.

And with that one absolute being there, even if other race enemies appear, he could call a large army through god country teleportation.

"Luo Feng, why do I feel like you are planning something?" Xu Xin said suspiciously.

"Hm, I will be gone for a long time this time. Very long, far longer than anytime before." Luo Feng said.

"Where to?" Xu Xin asked.

"Primal chaos city!" Luo Feng said.

"How long?" Xu Xin asked nervously.

"Not sure…at least a 1,000 years." Luo Feng sighed, "When I come back next time, I’ll be sector lord pinnacle."

"At least 1,000 years, and in primal chaos city?" Xu Xin asked curiously. "I know a lot about training matters too, and you are now already recognized by the gold laws. This training didn’t even take 500 years…and your training efficiency in primal chaos city is much higher too. Why do you need to train for so long?"

"You wouldn’t understand." Luo Feng said.

"Ah…" Xu Xin didn’t bother anymore, "Anyway we can meet in the virtual universe network."

Luo Feng saw how his wife didn’t seem to care much, he couldn’t help but laugh. The normal management of the super organization Ping Hai company and the family matters were all taken care of by her…and it was only before him that she acted this way. She normally upheld a sense of power and fear.

"Luo Feng, there’s mail! It must be regarding the highest point mission." Babata’s voice resounded within his mind.

"Ah?"

Luo Feng sent a thread of consciousness into the virtual universe network.