Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 727: Of All Virtues, Filial Piety is First

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Virtual universe Primal region, Luo Feng’s villa.

Luo Feng sat before his desk and opened his laptop, gently tapping open the mail.

"You’ve completed the 4th level of the highest point mission. The members have made their judgment and you’ve acquired a completion rate of 70%, getting 280,000 points. This is the end of the highest point mission."

Luo Feng frowned.

"Only 70%? During these 4th mission, especially regarding the matter with his father’s judgment, he had indeed simply deemed him innocent. However he still sentenced the rest of the members fairly.

"Let’s see what the comments say."

Luo Feng continued reading the mail.

"Evaluation: You were sent to sentence 21 people this time. However, with regards to your father, you didn’t even capture him nor did you interrogate him. You didn’t complete the 4th level mission at all. It’s obvious in your bones, you heavily respect your father, and didn’t wish to sentence him.

Even though your father is obviously innocent, he still cannot avoid responsibility. Jailing him for 100 years should be the lightest punishment that should have been carried out, yet you judged him innocent.

When it came to public and private matters, you were biased.

We only give you 70% completion this time, we hope you will be clearer on business and personal matters next time."

After finishing the evaluation, Luo Feng didn’t feel any different within. For Luo Feng who had reached the limit in mental state training, even if Hong or Thunder god had tried to convince him, it would still be hard to move him. It could be seen how stubborn he was, or how strongly he believed in his ways.

He closed the mail coldly, opening another new mail.

"Reward for highest point mission?" Luo Feng smiled and looked.

If all levels of the mission had a 100% completion rate, he would get 1 million extra points.

"According to the performance of all 4 levels, we will give you 600,000 extra points, we hope you can use it wisely."

Luo Feng was moved within.

An extra 600,000 points?

At this point, his total points would be 82,000 from the 1st level, 180,000 from the 2nd, 300,000 from the 3rd, 280,000 from the 4th and an extra 600,000 for completing all four missions for a total of 1.442 million points. It was 72.1% of the total 2 million points he could get, it didn’t even hit the marginal 80%.

The score was obviously just average.

"Overall evaluation: Even though you massacred over a million in the 1st level, you were still clear enough to spare the innocent, this proves…that you are very calm even when you kill. And despite your bloodthirst, you still chose the 10 billion weaker people to save, this shows you pity the weak.

The 3rd level showed that you aren’t afraid of strength, you’d rather not submit and follow your beliefs in finishing the mission.

Blood thirsty and yet calm, also showing pity for the weak and are unafraid of fear.

If only your 4th level had done as well as the 1st three, we would have given you an extra 900,000 points as bonus.

However, during a similar mission of judging 21 people, only this time it was against your family, your change however shocked us…especially against your father. You didn’t even wish to judge him, not even catching him or putting on a show. It’s obvious that your family’s influence on you is huge, to a point where you cannot distinguish your personal matters from the rules and law.

Humans are social creatures and should indeed respect their family.

However, everything should be done within a certain level of expectation. It’s obvious that you have crossed that line in this aspect, you should be more aware of this."

The highest point mission is now over.

As to how the Virtual Universe Company viewed him from this mission, Luo Feng couldn’t be bothered.

"Excessive in this aspect?"

"I respect my father too much?" Luo Feng laughed coldly.

What a joke, what a bunch of arrogant idiots!

Under his 1st and 2nd brother’s guidance, he had carefully studied ancient books from china, gaining a sense of clarity from them, and many ideologies had resonated with him.

Since ancient times, there was a saying in ancient china that of all virtues, filial piety comes first!

Filial piety was of the utmost importance.

Even with the many changes in dynasties and eras in ancient china, they all uniformly agreed that anyone who were disrespectful or disobedient to their parents should die! There were even punishments such as flaying or slow deaths for such actions, it was obvious the level of filial piety was respected at a very high level.

In contrast, in modern eras, especially during the new eras, not taking care of one’s parents and even hitting them had become common.

However without the background of ancient chinese culture, people didn’t think of it as a crime at all.

Luo Feng however, trained in mental states…

He had always respected his parents from young. After which, when he found himself through mental state training, he understood more of the ancient history texts.

Like during the Spring and Autumn era, there was an incident of which a son reported his father for stealing a goat, the son however was punished instead for not being filial!

Qin Guo of ancient china was incredibly strict and heavy on its rules, it was however more lax on being filial.With the entire country lacking the most basic respect, how could its citizens truly be loyal? How could the country be steady? Hence, both of them had naturally collapsed!

There were many stories regarding this in history, but it all showed one thing.

Filial piety!

It was humanity’s most basic element, if a person couldn’t even do this, and was bad to his parents, then how could he be loyal to anybody else? Especially to a country? For such a person, if he wasn’t brainwashed he was extremely selfish!

If he can’t even be filial to his parents, then within his heart…there would never truly be anybody he respected other than himself!

Extreme selfishness!

Of all virtues, filial piety comes first!

"Even if my father had sinned, I will bear it for him! I will also advise him to change. As for punishment…as a son, I will never do it." Luo Feng thought, "Separating business and personal matters?"

"Maybe what the Virtual Universe Company needs is one that would perfectly execute its missions, and one that would never disobey their orders! Even if it involved family, their mission importance should still exceed that of even their family, this is probably what they need."

"A pity!"

"The company’s orders, are not even worth a fraction of my father’s importance."

"Excessive?"

"I don’t think so."

Luo Feng thought.

The next day.

Virtual Universe Company, Black Dragon Mountain 9 star bay, Luo Feng sat with his father Luo Hong Guo and mother Gong Xin Lan.

"Dad, Mum." Luo Feng poured tea for them.

"Why have you called us over today?" Gong Xin Lan looked at their son, smiling.

Luo Feng smiled and changed the subject. "Dad mum, did you two build a Nirvana union in the virtual games?"

"How do you know?" Luo Hong Guo’s eyes gleamed as he heard. He said, "That Grey Snow world is incredibly vast, it makes one go dizzy within. I can ride a flying beast and fly through endless snow worlds. Hehe…a million strong army clashing against each other is just too cool."

The word cool was something his father’s generation often used.

"Haha." Luo feng saw his father’s excitement and couldn’t help but laugh. For his father to live the life of his dreams, he was already very satisfied.

"Dad Mum, let me show you something." Luo Feng said.

After which he brandished some information with regards to Nirvana union’s people killing others, after getting the data from the information department…with Luo Feng’s questioning, he had confirmed that the information was the lowest level of information and with his position, he could show it to them.

"What is this?" His parents looked on curiously, as they received the file and looked at it.

They grew silent for awhile.

Luo Feng sat there and patiently waited.

As they stared at the file, their expressions grew uglier, even to the point where Luo Hong Guo slammed the table fiercely. His eyes were gleaming as he cursed, "Bastards, a bunch of ingrates. I treated them as my life and death brothers, I didn’t expect them to use me. Xin Lan, when you advised me not to be so trusting before, I thought…that all these were simply within the virtual universe, and that we can eat, drink and kill others without any repercussions, how thrilling. I didn’t expect… I didn’t know…"

"Dad." Luo Feng saw the state his father was in and knew he had taken quite a blow.

Luo Hong Guo sat down, his eyes pained.

Gong Xin Lan sat beside him and consoled him.

"So many people died." Luo Hong Guo’s voice shook.

"Dad, you can only be blamed for your poor judgment of character. However, the ones truly responsible for killing are those bastards." Luo Feng said.

"But they used my position and power." He shook his head.

"Wrong, in truth, they are using my position." Luo Feng said. "If it weren’t for me, why would the Black Dragon Mountain empire and Ganwu Universe Country avoid and fear you." L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Luo Hong Guo felt extremely bad within.

Luo Feng was very clear that showing them the data would hurt his parents badly. But despite that, he still had to show them that he had to admonish them.

"Dad Mum." Luo Feng changed the topic to take their minds off it, "I’m about to leave."

"Leave?" The two of them looked at him curiously.

Doesn’t he leave often?

"I will be going away for a very long this time, at least a 1,000 years." Luo Feng emphasized. "Hence, it will be quite awhile before I can return to earth, even the virtual universe…I will only come once in a long while."

"Where are you going?" The 2 asked.

"Primal chaos city." Luo Feng replied.

He had been there before, hence his parents knew some simple things about it.

…

After the highest point mission was completed, Luo Feng had immediately requested to head to primal chaos city. As a core disciple, during universe level, domain lord level and sector lord level, he could enter to train there…Luo Feng’s request naturally went through quickly. After which…

Through god country teleportation, Dylan sent him straight to the Virtual Universe Company’s main headquarters.

After which, he took the company’s ship along with other undyings and entered primal chaos city.

Dylan and the other guards couldn’t follow.

According to his plan.

When he left primal chaos city, he would already be sector lord pinnacle. When that happened, he would no longer have a guard team. Meaning, at this time, the guard team had left him for good.