Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 729: Teacher’s Gift

Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

True Yan sat crossed legged on the grass, pondering a while, he nodded, "Alright, since the highest point mission is over, the other scattered missions at domain lord level all only add up to so little points. You wanting to train in primal chaos city is good too. Since you are prepared to train to sector lord level…then, I’ve prepared a gift for you."

"A gift." Luo Feng was shocked.

True yan laughed carefree, "You are my disciple, and sector lord is the most critical training period of time. If I don’t help you now, can I still be called a teacher? Enter the virtual universe, I’ll pass you a manual."

"Yes." Luo Feng nodded excitedly.

Virtual universe primal region, Luo Feng’s villa.

Luo Feng stood in the villa and looked up, a silhouette flew straight towards him, it was True Yan emperor. In his hand, he held a 2m long and wide large metal briefcase. It felt like a shipping container altogether.

"This is?" Luo Feng was stunned. The normal handheld briefcases were much smaller, yet his teacher carried such a huge one, how many manuals were there within it.

"Come here." True Yan brought the briefcase straight into the living room.

With a toss, bang, the huge briefcase fell on the floor of the living room.

"A sector lord needs to create his own techniques, and a sector lord’s comprehension speed is the fastest. Hence, you will need the highest levels of technique manuals! Hence, I have exchanged for a bunch of manuals for you." True Yan laughed loudly, pointing at the briefcase, seemingly proud of it.

"Teacher, I can exchange for these manuals myself." Luo Feng had just begun to speak.

True Yan retorted, "You think your little bit of points is worth anything? You could at most exchange for some very basic manuals, you wouldn’t be able to exchange for any true powerful manuals at all. Time space scribbles is but an assisting guide, yet it’s already worth 100 billion points. As for the true study and battle technique manuals, those with absolute top notch power…your 1 million points is useless."

Luo Feng couldn’t help but choke as he heard.

1 million points is useless? For someone extremely close to becoming a knight like True Yan emperor, this made total sense.

"Look carefully." True Yan walked forward and immediately opened the huge briefcase.

Rumble!

Its metal lock was opened and within lay many thick books. The thinner ones alone were about 20cm thick, the thickest being 1m long and wide and half a meter thick. They were completely dark gold in color and were made of metal. There were a total of 3 such metal books within!

Just these 3 books took up a lot of space, the rest were scattered about within.

"There’s a total of 106 normal techniques manuals and one valuable one within." True Yan laughed. "The 106 books are cheap, adding up to a few million points only. They are mainly to assist you, some are for study while others are for building weapons and techniques etc."

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed and nodded.

These 106 techniques, they seem to cover just about everything.

"As for this one!" True Yan pointed to the neatly arranged 3 dark gold books, "This is expensive."

1 set, 3 volumes.

Every volume was 1m wide and half a meter thick.

"How expensive is it?" Luo Feng asked.

"8 billion points." True Yan smiled, looking at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng stared wide eyed.

My god!

8 billion points!

This bit of wealth was enough to be an entire emperor level undying’s fortune. Of course to the emperor pinnacle, even a normal knight, it was still something they could afford. Even so, this was still a huge gesture from True Yan. Luo Feng was completely stunned by the amount.

An undying could use money to exchange for points, 1 mixed element for 1 point. This was akin to 8 billion mixed elements, even for an undying, it was a huge amount!

Because of earth, Luo Feng had signed a deal with the Virtual Universe Company.

However that amount was split up and was to be distributed at 3 occasions.

Before undying, he would get less than 100 million mixed elements. Only after becoming undying…would he get close to 50 billion mixed elements. However, the golden horned beast was extremely hard to breakthrough to undying, who knew when that would ever happen.

"Haha, just from this 8 billion points, I spent a good half of my points." True Yan laughed. He didn’t hide anything from Luo Feng, "When I want to exchange for something in the future, I probably have to use my money."

"Teacher." Luo Feng said, "I cannot accept this, this…"

Back when his teacher had persuaded him to get the time space scribbles, he had told him that even he couldn’t afford the entire set, and that was worth 100 billion points. It was obvious that this 8 billion was a huge sum to him too.

And in truth.

True Yan naturally didn’t have many points. However, just like Luo Feng, who had the Luo Ke holy water and close to 10,000 blood river crystals along with other treasures. True Yan emperor, as an absolute warrior naturally had many treasures. The worth of his wealth was much more than a normal emperor level undying. If he was willing to sell some treasures, he’d probably have a lot more.

"Your teacher is now at the final step before becoming a knight, the materialistic things are useless now." True Yan shook his head. "I haven’t spent much over a trillion years, and it’s been easy for me to nurture your seniors. Your seniors however, I’ve never spent more than 1 billion. You are the most."

Luo Feng looked curiously at him, "Why?"

"I’ve seen your bladework, your control of the Nan Shen armament, and your claw techniques." True Yan emphasized. "I discovered…whether you are conscious of it or not, your fusion of the gold and space laws are extremely ingenious. Hence, I know this valuable manual will fit you well."

Luo Feng couldn’t even force a smile.

Fusion was ingenious?

He had been studying the beast god presence, and it was a pinnacle level fusion of the gold and space laws. After having a grasp of the beast god presence, he often sought help from his teacher, during his demonstrations he would display some of its flavor.

"This manual will definitely fit you well, the moment you have some progress in it, your power will catch up to mine." True Yan’s eyes were filled with anticipation. "If you can catch up to me, even against normal knights, you won’t die."

"Work hard." True Yan rubbed Luo Feng’s head, laughing loudly, after which he vanished.

Luo Feng looked at the briefcase full of 106 normal manuals and 1 valuable one, for a total of a few hundred books. He felt extremely grateful within.

"Teacher!"

"Your student will always remember this debt." Luo Feng decided to return the favor the moment he achieved anything.

Over a long period of time, True Yan’s family had all long died, hence his treatment of his students was like a parent to his children. A teacher like that was very special…and now he even gave Luo Feng these valuable manuals. One had to know that if Luo Feng were to fall along the way, everything would simply be wasted, yet he still did such a thing.

This was also why his students were all very united, no one wanting to ever hurt their teacher.

107 manuals, a total of 582 books, Luo Feng swiftly brought all of them over to his study.

"106 normal manuals, buying them through the treasure trove actually requires close to 6 million points." Luo Feng was shocked. Even though these manuals were normal according to True Yan, in truth everyone of them was still stronger than Illusionary techniques.

"This valuable manual."

Luo Feng looked at the top 3 dark gold metal books. Their covers only had the words, 1, 2 and 3 on them, representing each volume. They didn’t have any other information.

Luo Feng gently flipped open the 1st volume.

It’s details were…

"Through the primal universe’s evolution, over a trillion races have been produced. There have been many mysterious life forms of which, there’s the powerful beast god. This beast god is a super being developed by the universe itself, its body is a fusion of the space and gold laws. A slash or whip of its tail, or even a headbutt all has the universe laws melded within. Wu Xi Luo Duo, has studied the beast god’s 7 techniques to create the Nan Shen 7 forms."

Beast god 7 techniques, Nan Shen 7 forms.

Completing the 1st 3 levels, one will be invincible amongst anything below the knights.

Completing the 1st 6 levels, one will be invincible amongst anything below the universe masters.

Completing the 7th level, one can become like a true beast god, akin to a true universe master, standing at the pinnacle of the universe.

Creating the beast god 7 techniques, Nan Shen 7 forms, he only finished the 1st 6 levels, the 7 is purely imagination, it isn’t truly perfect. To become a true beast god…as powerful and invincible as it is. It is extremely hard and difficult! He hoped that the later generations of the gold horn race would be able to perfect it and complete it."

Luo Feng was stunned from the book.

Xi Luo Duo?

The greatest being of the gold horn race?

"Completing the 6th level, meant one would be invincible amongst anything below the universe masters? 7th level was akin to a universe master? Such a terrifying manual…is it not as expensive as Time space scribbles? No." Luo Feng was shocked, quickly flipping through the 2nd and 3rd volume, he couldn’t help but feel a sense of regret.

His guess was right.

These 3 manuals were simply the 1st 3 levels of the Nan Shen 7 forms.

"So it’s only the beginning. Yet, finishing these 3 and one would be invincible amongst anything below the knights, and these alone were worth 8 billion points." Luo Feng exclaimed, he now truly understood just how powerful the great Xi Luo Duo was.

It was no wonder…

That he alone could support the entire gold horn race. He had reached a level where he was invincible amongst anything below a universe master.

"Universe master? So Void gold master, primal chaos city leader and the beast god, they are all the same level?" Luo Feng pondered.