Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 731: Training Way of Life

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Luo Feng devoted himself to studying the beast god’s seven technique’s 1st manual.

The 1st level was a partial fusion of space and gold. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

The gold laws…Luo Feng had already received the recognition of the laws, he was close to almost fully comprehending the gold laws. In that sense, he was already adequate enough to reach up to the 5th level of the beast god seven techniques.

In terms of the space laws, the 1st level’s requirements were…1st 3 pictures of the 9 universe tablet.

"Xi Luo Duo went through normal comprehension back then too, he didn’t truly comprehend all 108 wonders like I will." Luo Feng thought. "However, according to his book, if one fully comprehended all 108 wonders of the space and gold law foundation, then the power of the 1st level would be even greater."

"Hm!"

"I’ll first finish up the 108 wonders of the space law." Luo Feng thought.

The path of comprehending the wonders was extremely tough. Luo Feng had the mosha clansman, the golden horned beast and he was sector lord level, hence his training was much faster. The over 180 years of training that he did in the gold horn race world, which was during sector lord level, was worth more than tens of thousands of years of domain lord level training.

Tens of thousands of years of training!

With Luo Feng’s talent, if he hadn’t studied the wonders of space, and simply studied the basic 9 universe tablet like others, he probably would have finished the 4th picture already.

Back then, Lian Luo took 3,000 years at sector lord level to fully comprehend the 108 wonders.

"Before comprehending the wonders fully, I won’t study the 4th or 5th picture…or there will be distractions." Luo Feng took a deep breath.

Choosing this path.

It was set to be tough…

And he even picked a path which was even tougher than simply comprehending the laws…this was the fusion of laws!

"Bring it!"

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed with anticipation.

After which, he began his period of training, sitting crossed legged everyday on his balcony, while looking up occasionally to observe the law revolutions. The golden horned beast kept studying the huge beast god statue, and was also comprehending the beast god presence from the little statue. The mosa clansman on the other hand was studying the space laws.

3 as 1!

With the help of the beast god statue, he was able to observe the law revolutions in the primal universe. He would occasionally head over to the city leader’s residence to view the tablet personally…also, he could head over to some emperor level undyings teaching classes. This way, his training speed was many times faster than in the actual universe!

…

Time passed.

His life had turned into a routine of listening to his teacher, attending other emperor level undyings’ classes, studying the beast god statue, and training.

Luo Feng was like a well oiled machine continuously growing, like a dry sponge desperately soaking up moisture.

…

In the blink of an eye, close to 90 years had passed, but this was the Primal universe time. As for the actual universe time, it was already close to 300 years.

Primal chaos city, within a majestic ancient residence, there gathered over a thousands warriors who were sitting crossed legged. They listened to an old man covered in green scales with a long beard teach a class.

"So, it’s that way."

"Wonderful."

Luo Feng sat crossed legged amidst the others and listened intently. He couldn’t help but reveal a look of glee, as the doubts in his mind started clearing up. The old man teaching the class…was one of those that he frequented in this close to 90 years. This warrior was Yan Long emperor, he was well reputed in primal chaos city, as he was definitely a true pinnacle level being amongst the emperor level undyings. In terms of strength alone, he was very close to True Yan emperor.

True Yan emperor and Yan Long emperor along with other pinnacle level emperors would often draw a lot of people to their classes.

Yan Long emperor was from the Virtual Universe Company faction, and he specialized in space and gold laws. Hence, Luo Feng enjoyed his classes and frequented them.

"We will end here today."

The green scaled old man smiled and said, his long beard flowed in the wind as he got up.

"Thank you teacher!"

Over a 1,000 warriors below, and more than half of them were undyings, along with the other geniuses, got up and bowed extremely respectfully as they shouted with gratitude.

These classes were afterall free, they were definitely grateful for them.

Yan Long emperor smiled and brought his disciples and left, the crowd down below began to disperse as well.

"Ah, Tuo Ka, that must be Luo Feng. Even though I’ve heard of his name in the Huge Axe dojo, and know that he’s an absolute genius, this is the 1st time I’ve seen him. Ah, right, he should be a primal region domain lord. You are also a domain lord primal region member, you should be familiar with him right. Tell me about him." In the distance, two men were chatting.

Among these two, one was fatter with 3 soft horns on his forehead, and his skin was red as he smiled at Luo Feng. The other was a skinny cold man in black armor.

"Hm, he is indeed a primal region domain lord. There are a total of 11 people in the domain lord level primal region right now." The skinny man said coldly. "He just rose from the universe level, and he hasn’t even taken part in any qualification battles. Hence, I’m not close to him."

"Ah, what a pity." The fatter man shook his head.

"What’s there to pity." The skinny man said coldly, "Ti Si Pu Luo, do you really care about him?"

"He is afterall a rare genius." The fatter man said.

"Hmph…he just recently became a domain lord, he hasn’t even taken part in one qualification battle. And the next domain lord battle will be in 18 years. The primal region universe level members have very low standards, the strongest only passing the 8th level of the heavenly bridge. And at our domain lord level…the lowest primal region members have all passed the 10th level." The skinny man said coldly, "This Luo Feng is set…to be eliminated to the absolute beginning region."

"Newbies. It’s normal to be eliminated temporarily." The fatter man said.

"That’ll depend on his strength then." The skinny man glanced at Luo feng and smiled coldly. "My teacher said that he was an absolute genius, he would definitely take the primal region slot in the future. However, I don’t believe it…geniuses normally start off fast and slide down slowly…there’s so many cases of it."

"That does seem right." The fatter man nodded.

"What’s more, our domain lord primal region has 10 seniors. Even though on the surface, only 1 has passed the 11th level, they are all incredibly crafty. Even if they had the ability to pass the 11th, they will all hide it well. This way, they can surprise their opponents during the qualification battles." The skinny man said softly, "I dare guarantee, that there are at least 3 of the seniors that can pass the 11th level. As for the rest, they all have passed the 10th a long time ago…but, they all have their own secret techniques…"

The fatter man nodded.

"The qualification battles 18 years from now will have the 10 seniors and Luo Feng, the single newbie. Just watch, he will lose very badly." The skinny man said confidently.

"Haha…" The fatter man laughed.

…

Luo Feng, who was walking out with the crowd heard everything clearly, it was obvious this Tuo Ka wasn’t trying to hide it.

"These bunch of punks…they don’t know that I don’t even consider them as opponents." Luo Feng thought.

Tuo Ka was one of the 10 seniors of the domain lord primal region members, he was pretty strong.

Actually over so many years…

Luo Feng had discovered that the 10 seniors of the primal region had some conflict with him due to his swift uprising! It made many within the Virtual Universe Company regard him as a rare genius of the past 10,000 eras, and that he would take a spot in the sector lord primal region.

Amongst the four secret regions, the primal region was the most respected and valuable.

Universe level, domain lord level, sector lord!

It was obvious that the competition was most intense at the sector lord level, of which it involved a large amount of resource distribution. As the upper echelon all complimented Luo Feng…it naturally made the similar primal region geniuses all unhappy. All of them were afterall vying for the same sector lord primal region spots!

"Looking down on me?" Luo Feng thought as he shook his head, mocking within, "During the qualification battles in 18 years, I’ll give them something to look at."

"Luo Feng."

Babata’s voice resounded within his mind, "Even though on the surface you are a domain lord, in truth you are already sector lord level! Your training efficiency for one day equates to their 1 year…and now, with the 3 clones, and the beast god statue, you are already stronger than them. You will simply be bullying them."

"Bully?" Luo Feng laughed.

Indeed.

During the close to 90 years in primal chaos city, Luo Feng had completely comprehended 102 of the 108 wonders. In terms of efficiency…it was 20 times that of Lian Luo! The main thing was that he had 3 clones, all extremely gifted and the heavenly beast god statue, naturally his efficiency was much higher.

"I hope I can finish the 108 wonders before the qualification battles." Luo Feng thought.

The moment he did that.

Then his space law comprehension would be sufficient to pass the 12th level of the heavenly bridge. This was what Lian Luo said back then…and Luo Feng had realized himself as well, that even without relying on his shocking spirit energy amplitude, he could still pass the 11th level already.

"Let’s go to the city leader’s residence." Luo Feng turned and headed that way.

"Why are we heading there?" Babata asked.

"To study the 9 universe tablet." Luo Feng smiled.

"But you’ve already used up all your chances." Babata said.

Having been in primal chaos city for close to 90 years, Luo Feng had never once attempted the heavenly bridge. Hence, he only had two chances at studying the tablet, and 30 years ago, he had already used it up.

"Simple, I’ll attempt the heavenly bridge." Luo Feng smiled. "My walk from here to the city leader’s residence…should be enough for me to pass the 12th level."

Immediately, he sent a thread of consciousness into the virtual universe network.

Standing at the entrance of the heavenly bridge.

Right in the center of the beautiful island stood the watchman Bevin who had been here for countless years. He stood there patiently, suddenly a silhouette appeared out of nowhere in the center, it was a black haired youth.

"Ah, Luo Feng." Watchman Bevin revealed a smile, dressed in a fiery red long robe, he smiled and walked over.

"Watchman Bevin, you’ve changed your robe." Luo Feng smiled.

"Haha, I can’t always be wearing the same thing." He smiled and replied. "I haven’t seen you in a long time, ever since you passed the 7th level, you haven’t attempted it even once. In the blink of an eye…several hundred years have passed. I know you, the moment you attempt the bridge, it’s always shocking. How are you prepared to shock us this time? Passing straight to the 9th? Or…the barrier of the 10th?"

Most of the domain lord primal region members had all only passed the 10th.

Luo Feng had only been training for a few hundred years…

Watchman Bevin was mocking him too, he didn’t think Luo Feng was truly that exceptional.

Luo Feng smiled, "I’ll surprise you."

"Ah?" Watchman Bevin was shocked, "I’ll be waiting."

Luo Feng smiled and became a beam of light flying towards the 9 universe bridge.