Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 732: Attempting The Heavenly Bridge

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Luo Feng stood before the 9 universe bridge and gazed at the never ending bridge before him. Smiling he said, "Old friend, it’s been awhile, naturally I’m going to shock everyone today. It’s time to give it my all and show everybody my strength."

Sou!

He instantly became a gold beam of light and disappeared into the distance, beginning his attempt.

…

As he began his attempt, watchman Bevin began sending out a group of mails.

"The absolute genius of the past 10,000 eras Luo Feng sure is watched by many of the upper echelons." Watchman Bevin muttered. "They all ordered me to let them know the moment he attempts the bridge."

In an instant, tens of mails were sent out.

There were 3 exceptional members from Luo Feng’s batch of geniuses. One of them was Bolan, another was Rong Jun and the last was Luo Feng! Bolan and Luo Feng were both regarded as geniuses of the past 10,000 eras. Rong Jun however was looked on as a treasure by the upper echelon of the Virtual Universe Company, they even competed against each other to accept him as their disciple.

However at least for now, of the 3 geniuses, Luo Feng was in the lead.

…

Jade emperor extended her crystal like finger and gently tapped open a screen, a mail appeared on it.

"Luo Feng is attempting the heavenly bridge?" Her perfect face revealed a peculiar smile as she said softly, "This punk never rests till he shocks everybody. The other geniuses from his batch that had attempt the bridge regularly, especially that Bolan…he’s already passed the 8th level!"

"Who knows how many levels he’ll pass this time, 9th? Or…the unbelievable 10th?" Jade Emperor smiled and immediately rushed to the bridge.

In less than 10 seconds, Ture Yan, Jade, Tie Nan…Bei Cang official and so on, a total of 86 undyings, where over half of them were emperors, and the rest of them were officials, had all gathered at the bridge.

On the island in the center of the heavenly bridge area, True Yan and the other undyings gathered.

"Haha, so many people." True Yan laughed and looked about.

"True Yan, it’s your fault for producing such an exceptional disciple." A huge man with a huge golden beard laughed. "The knight ordered me to take note of this punk, I don’t dare slack off. The moment I found out he was attempting the bridge, I had to come immediately."

"Yea, I’m here on the knight’s orders too." The other emperors along with some officials smiled.

The atmosphere was good.

True Yan laughed as he turned to look at Jade behind him, mocking, "Jade, you have to tell the 9 blade knight the news. With so many of the upper echelon watching him…9 blade sure has pressure on him. When my disciple does well, others may want to steal him away."

"Whatever belongs to the knight is his, no one can take him away." Jade’s gaze swept past the group of undyings, making many of them laugh out loud.

The knights (universe country leaders) within the Virtual Universe Company were all competing, and the number of warriors below them…were naturally different. And getting more pinnacle level emperors under them may give them the chance to actually break through to becoming knights.

These naturally formed sects even amongst the knights. There were many situations where the knights couldn’t personally attend to, naturally having a powerful warrior under them made a huge difference.

"It’s hard enough to get a normal emperor level undying. However as for when Luo Feng will reach emperor level pinnacle like his teacher True Yan, when that time comes, he can form his own sect." A black robed lady with a long snake tail smiled, "9 blade knight won’t be able to stop him either. When that happens, the many knights and country leaders will use all methods to attract him…it’ll be hard to say who he will go to."

"You seem to really favor him." Jade looked over.

"That is at least a possibility." The black robed lady smiled, "Everybody, how far do you think he’ll go this time?"

"At least the 8th! The Bolan from his batch has already passed the 8th."

"From what I see, it may be the 9th, he’s used to shocking people."

"Hm, I think it’s the 9th too."

"9th is the limit! Every 3 levels is a barrier, it’s highly unlikely he passes the 10th."

"9th."

"It may be the 10th, don’t get too shocked when he does it."

"True Yan, what do you think."

A big group of emperors and officials representing their knights, even though the officials were weaker in strength, they could still take on such matters. It was obvious they were all trusted aides…hence everybody was carefree about the matter.

"It seems like most think he’ll reach the 9th level." True Yan wasn’t exactly laughing as he smiled, his gaze sweeping past the crowd, "Everybody will just have to wait and see, ah. The battle’s starting!"

After which the 86 undyings all turned to look at the screen.

On it, Luo Feng had just reached the end of the 8th level, the asteroid had just turned into a blue clothed man as they faced off and began.

The battle ensued for just a second before it ended.

He had passed the 8th level!

"He didn’t win completely over the 8th, the 9th should be his limit."

"Hm."

86 undyings all watched the screen and commented; however they quickly grew silent.

…

The 9th level’s opponent still used the Nan Shen Armament’s 6th level Blade world, but it had reached a very high level. Luo Feng used his blade world as well to clash about 10 times, after getting a good grasp on his opponent’s attack…only then did he defeat him.

9th level, pass!

…

The 10th level was a yellow clothed man, he used the Nan Shen Armament’s 7th level, Land and sky crushing rod. This rod belonged to the extreme high level of the blade world. Luo Feng similarly clashed with him for about 10 times before fiercely crushing him.

10th level, pass!

…

11th level, the yellow clothed opponent used the Nan Shen Armament’s 8th level, Space slicing Gold blade, Luo Feng still clashed with him for awhile before killing him.

11th level, pass! Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

On the island.

The group of undyings were all silent, as all of them were shocked as they stared at the screen, all in disbelief.

Was this possible?

He was initially leading the geniuses by passing the 7th level of the heavenly bridge in the past. But, within just a few hundred years, suddenly he had the strength to pass the 11th level. Also, from what the undyings saw, he was obviously still not giving his all, he would purposely clash a few times with the opponents before killing them. It was obvious the 11th level opponent hadn’t even given him much of a challenge.

"My god."

"How is this possible?"

"His improvement is so fast, and he’s only a domain lord. Even if he was a sector lord, it’s still impossible for him to improve so much in just a few hundred years."

"Terrifying!"

"Too terrifying."

The emperors and officials were all stunned. Luo Feng’s improvement speed had far exceeded an absolute genius, even exceeding that of a demon. Hence, they could only call him a monster! one that exceeded all expectations and imaginations, an absolute genius monster!

Just like Ke Di back then…universe level, domain lord, sector lord level, he could all pass the primal region sky mountain. And at sector lord level pinnacle he was akin to an emperor level undying, he could even kill official level undyings!

This was a monster!

In terms of strength, Luo Feng was still far from Ke Di back then. However, his speed improvement over these few hundred years…was definitely not ordinary!

"Will he pass the 12th?"

"Is law comprehension as easy as drinking water to him. How is this even possible? There should be a limit, no?"

"Right now amongst the 10 seniors of the domain lord primal region members, the strongest has only passed the 11th level, and he’s already trained for tens of thousands of years. As for this Luo Feng, has he exceeded him from just a few hundred years of training? This is impossible!"

The undyings all held their breaths.

It was pure silence on the island, no one dared say anything, all of them were staring hard at the screen.

…

Levels 7-9 were in space. 10-12 were within a planet itself, the bridge extended into the core and lava region of the planet itself.

Within the planet.

Luo Feng stood at the end of the 12th level, gazing down at the vast land below, "I’ve finally reached the surface."

There was rumbling from below the ground and a voice resounded, "Pick your opponent, fighter, controller, or hypnotist. Pick one, defeat him and you will pass the 12th level."

"Controller." Luo Feng said.

Rumble…

The ground shook and countless yellow lights shot out from all about below, swiftly gathering in mid air. In an instant, it became a yellow armored mysterious warrior wearing a mask, he carried a dark golden long rod on his back and stood on a dark cloud shuttle. He looked at Luo Feng and said, "To reach the 12th level at domain lord level, you are very exceptional. As of now, none of the domain lord members of the Virtual Universe Company have passed this."

"Then let me break the record." Luo feng smiled.

"You seem confident." The yellow clothed man said coldly. "I’ll still be using the Nan Shen Armament’s 8th level, Space slicing gold blade. However, it’ll be much stronger than the 11th level, you will have to be careful."

"Come." Luo Feng smiled.

Rumble! Rumble!

Luo Feng and the yellow clothed man immediately shot out countless gold lights, every 81 of them swiftly becoming a golden little blade.

The two of them had 108 golden little blades around them. These 108 blades immediately revolved around and shot out many gold threads, as the powerful law ripples filled up their surroundings, space and gold laws, in perfect harmony, swiftly fusing.

"Combine!" Luo Feng and the man shouted simultaneously.

108 gold blades swiftly gathered and became a 2.8m tall gold broadsword.

The two of them floated in mid air with their broadswords.

Weng weng… Luo Feng’s broadsword shook before him.

"Spirit energy amplitude! Explode!" Luo Feng could feel his control over the broadsword feeling somewhat taxing. He immediately increased his spirit energy amplitude to 1,200, it was immediately much easier. It was almost like a normal person lifting a barbell, if he had 12 times the strength suddenly…it would suddenly seem much easier.