Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 734: Huge Shocks

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

The two blades clashed!

The space around the flames of the star instantly exploded apart, revealing a visible black hole. Many spatial tears appeared throughout with shards of space floating about. The black hole broke open as swiftly as it sealed itself back up.

The broadsword floated in mid air, it was knocked back a few thousand km before once again tearing through space and rushing towards the 3.3m long Nan Shen gold blade.

That blade was knocked back over 10,000 km before it flashed forward again.

"I have the advantage." Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed at the situation.

Actually, the opponent had unleashed the Nan Shen’s perfect form…using 10,081 little gold blades to form the perfect 3.3.m Nan Shen blade. However, he didn’t unleash the legendary teleportation ability, and if his opponent was sector lord pinnacle, using the world energy of a sector lord pinnacle…he could trigger the perfect Nan Shen blade and travel through space, disappearing occasionally, and was also extremely hard to follow and predict.

However, the opponent was only a domain lord level 9, hence he was unable to unleash its full potential!

The theory was simple.

Basic foundation strength was important, if there was a star traveller monster that could unleash the 9th level of the Nan Shen armament, he could at most form it, but with a star traveller’s spirit energy, they could only make it fly at a pitiful speed. It could never compare to a sector lord’s speed.

The opponent was disadvantaged, but so was Luo Feng.

The body he used in the virtual universe network was that of a basic domain lord level 9 with a domain lord level 9 spirit energy, and that compared to a sector lord pinnacle was a difference of 1,000 times! If Luo Feng reached the sector lord pinnacle, using the terrifying beast god presence in his blade…its power would be absurd!

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

In the space above the star, the broadsword and the Nan Shen gold blade clashed over and over. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

The gold blade was vicious and piercing, almost like a silent assassin, as it unpredictably flashed about. However, the moment it got an opportunity, it would strike!

The broadsword was brutal and powerful, like a true tyrant. It was infused with a powerful sense of the beast god, almost like a force that rushed forward without any obstruction in space. Of course, in terms of control of the weapon, it seemed simple and brute like, but it had the sense of an unpolished gem.

The two blades clashed, the assassin against the brute.

It was very clear…

The brute was taking the advantage.

"This is the true Space slicing gold blade! It’s infused with brutality and will power, slashing through space itself!" Luo Feng was completely immersed in his control of the beast god presence. The broadsword flashed through the space and left behind slits and tears. Everytime they clashed it left behind huge tears in the space around it.

Battle!

The broadsword was obviously winning. With each clash, he was getting better and better, forcing the opponent’s Nan Shen gold blade to be knocked back and its area getting smaller.

"Go and die!" Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed as he determined he could win.

Xiu!

The broadsword became a piercing gold thread and tore through space, piercing straight at the flame armored man.

The Nan Shen gold blade tried to stop it.

But the broadsword simply dodged it and pierced straight at the man! It was a risky tactic, regardless of the opponent’s attack, he would still aim to kill the other.

"No!" The flame armored man retreated quickly on the dark cloud shuttle and controlled the gold blade to pierce at Luo Feng.

It couldn’t be helped…

The clashes before had forced the flame armored man into having very little space to move about, hence the broadsword instantly reached him. The Nan Shen gold blade however took quite a while to get to Luo Feng.

With such a gap…

It determined the victor instantly!

Pu Chi! The broadsword flashed past the body of the flame armored man, as countless amounts of blade energy tore his body to shreds and destroyed his life core.

13th level!

Passed!

The 86 undyings standing in the middle of the island of the heavenly bridges all looked up at the broadcast. When Luo Feng finally defeated and passed the 13th level, all of them, including True Yan were completely stunned.

Domain lord passing the 13th level?

How long has it been?

There were definitely such absolute geniuses in history. However, whenever such a person would appear, 99% of them were domain lord geniuses that had trained much longer than Luo feng had. Afterall, to pass the 13th level after a few short hundred years of training was indeed amazing when compared to those that trained for tens of thousands of years and only passed the 11th…and that person was the strongest genius amongst the seniors of the primal region domain lords.

The 11th level compared to the 13th, these were two completely different standards.

Especially since the 12th to the 13th was a barrier, breaking through was extremely hard.

"It’s, it’s only been a few hundred years."

"This Luo Feng…"

"He actually passed the 13th level!"

"From the 8th to the 13th, 6 levels consecutively?"

The group of undyings including Bevin all held their breaths and watched. No one dared to say anything…they were all stunned by the miraculous run of 6 consecutive levels. Against the appearance of this monster, they couldn’t say anything at all.

…

Luo Feng stood at the end of the 13th level, looking ahead as the bridge extended into the star itself.

"I barely won the 13th level. My advantage was very slight, I probably don’t have much hope for the 14th. Even though there’s no guarantee, I still have to try." Luo Feng swiftly flew to the 14th level and continued, quickly reaching the insides of the star…deep into the sea of flames.

Even though it was extremely hot, it was nothing against a domain lord level 9 body.

A domain lord level 9’s flying speed was afterall faster than over 10,000 km per second. Even a universe level could fight on a White dwarf star, a domain lord level 9’s body was much tougher than that after all.

Chi chi chi…

There were endless flames everywhere.

At the end of the 14th level, Luo Feng stood there and chose controller again as his opponent. The opponent was similarly a flame armored man.

"Passing the 13th level at domain lord level, you have a boundless future." The flame armored man’s gold eyes looked at Luo Feng. "If you pick controller, these levels 13 to 15 all use the Nan Shen Armament’s 9th level. Although they will all use the same move…the power however is very different, if you didn’t have anything in reserve before, then you probably have no chance of victory."

Luo Feng smiled as he listened.

A match against Undying, it was the final and most perfect move of the Nan Shen Armament.

Just like how blade world was used in levels 7-9.

A match against undying was being used from levels 13-15, this was within his expectations.

Rumble!

Both unleashed their Nan Shen Armament simultaneously.

They clashed instantly!

Chi!

The Nan Shen gold blade brushed past Luo Feng’s broadsword, shaking slightly, fast as lightning, unpredictable as it instantly pierced through Luo Feng’s body, tearing him apart.

Brush, shake and pierce.

Luo Feng didn’t even have a fighting chance, he simply lost.

"From the Nan Shen 36 levels, A match against undying is also separated by its power levels." Luo Feng thought before being kicked out of the heavenly bridge.

Luo Feng had lost!

This attempt at the bridge had officially ended, he finally lost at the 14th level.

The 86 undyings in the center island, including the watchman Bevin all watched as he finally lost at the 14th level. Many of them who had held their breaths nervously finally let out a sigh of relief.

"He finally lost."

"He, can lose too."

Many undyings within the group all laughed, even beginning their discussions.

However what followed was a rush of shock over all of them, they were actually pressured by this monster’s performance. They couldn’t be blamed…his performance was simply too terrifying, just how many levels were there on bridge?

Reaching the 18th level was already the emperor undying level.

Reaching the 15th was the official level undying level.

Reaching the 10th was the most normal undying level.

Of course, law comprehension level didn’t represent that a sector lord was weaker than an undying. Many sector lords would immediately become official level the moment they broke through, even emperor level.

Luo Feng had passed up to the 13th level. If a sector lord that had trained for hundreds of thousands of years had passed the 13th level, it wouldn’t even be shocking. However, this domain lord that had trained for a few hundred years…this was simply beyond anyone’s expectations.

"True Yan, congratulations."

"Haha, you have a good disciple."

"Congratulations."

The group of undyings all laughed.

"Hahaha…" True Yan was extremely happy too, he thought within, "This kid sure knows how to hide. He probably had a few special encounters, he normally displays to only me, his true law comprehension levels. And when he attempted the bridge earlier…he should have used some extra strengthening abilities. Sick, in a few hundred years, he’s passed the 13th level. Back when he first came to primal chaos city, he didn’t even pass the 1st level."

"Jade." True Yan looked at her, "You have to be careful, there will be many knights after my disciple."

Jade glanced at him.

Shua.

She vanished, obviously rushing to report to 9 blade knight. She was also very clear…that the appearance of such a monster would immediately arouse all the superpowers.

Following her, many other undyings swiftly left too to report to their superiors, True Yan simply laughed loudly and left. Only watchman Bevin was left on the island, he took a deep breath, "This Luo Feng’s performance was simply too, too…"

Watchman Bevin secretly sent out a bunch of mails, this monster that probably only appears only once every trillion eras, he didn’t dare not to report him.

…

"What did you say?" 9 blade knight sat high up in his throne, he stood up fiercely and gazed down at Jade emperor.

"Luo Feng passed 6 levels consecutively, he’s passed the 13th level of the heavenly bridge." Jade said respectfully.

…

"Sir knight, I’m cutting to the chase, Luo Feng has indeed passed the 13th level. I know that the primal region domain lord 10 seniors, even the strongest one has only passed the 11th…you can watch the footage here."

…

"A few hundred years and he’s already surpassed the other geniuses that have trained for tens of thousands of years, and is even stronger by a hundred times? Is he another absolute genius like Ke Di?"

…

The group of undyings along with Bevin’s report had resulted in almost all the upper echelon of the Virtual Universe Company hearing the news of Luo Feng’s heavenly bridge attempt almost immediately.