Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 735: Storm

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Such a miraculous occurrence, it spread like wildfire. The group of undyings couldn’t help but share it with their friends…hence, within a short half an hour, the news of the punk that had only trained for a few hundred years passing the 13th level had already spread throughout…

And the main lead Luo Feng however wasn’t in the least bit excited.

"I won’t go study the 9 universe tablet yet." He suddenly stopped as he headed towards the city leader’s residence. Frowning, "I had some revelation earlier when I passed the 6 levels, I’ll first head back to reflect on it before heading out to study the 9 universe tablet."

After which he turned and headed back to this training quarters.

Every level he fought, he had exchanged tens of rounds with his opponents. Hence, he had clearly seen their skill and they way they handled their Nan Shen Armament. All of them had different styles from him, hence it triggered quite a bit of inspiration in him.

…

On the quiet balcony of his training quarters, Luo Feng jumped up and sat crossed legged there, and began to reflect on the many battles. This was very important to him, hence he immediately closed his virtual universe connection to prevent any disruptions.

Hu…hu…

The flow of the primal chaos energies, Luo Feng pondered calmly.

He didn’t know that he had created a huge commotion throughout.

Virtual universe, Thunder island, 9 blade knight’s palace.

9 Blade knight stood there and frowned, he was dressed in his green armor with purple scales on his head.

"Knight, this Luo Feng is too terrifying. Many absolute geniuses start off strong but slow down towards the back. His improvement however simply gets more shocking…he’s only lived for a few hundred years, yet he’s already passed the 13th level. He is definitely a rare genius of 10 million eras. The other knights and universe country leaders will definitely want to accept him as their student. When that happens, he may become someone else’s underling, you cannot hesitate anymore." Jade stood nervously beside.

9 blade knight gently held out his hand in mid air.

Jade emperor immediately held back whatever else she wanted to say, keeping silent.

"I understand." 9 blade nodded.

"However…" Jade said nervously.

Jade was 9 blade knight’s number 1 emperor level undying. Hence they were very close, and the two of them often discussed problems together. Even though it was 9 blade that gave the orders…jade was usually the one that organized and led his armies, along with other duties etc.

9 blade shook his head and smiled, "How can I not be clear about it, that Bolan and him have trained for about the same amount of time. However, he only just passed the 8th level…and yet he’s already considered exceptional amongst the universe levels. This Luo Feng however has already passed the 13th level, he is thousands to tens of thousands of times stronger than Bolan. Bolan is a rare genius of 10,000 eras, yet, this Luo Feng naturally is one of one in 10 million eras."

"But look, which of these geniuses of the 10 million eras have never aroused the many powerful people to want them. I’m clear on this, Luo Feng must be clear too." 9 blade shook his head, "Otherwise, he wouldn’t have ignored the mail I personally sent to him."

"Knight, you’ve already sent the mail?" Jade was shocked.

She didn’t expect his action to be that fast.

"He didn’t reply, how can he dare not to reply?" Jade was shocked.

"He naturally wouldn’t dare not to reply me. However, he’s closed his connection to the virtual universe network." 9 blade knight shook his head. "Since he’s done that…he naturally cannot receive anything, hence I cannot blame him."

Jade was shocked.

Clever punk.

This Luo Feng sure was cunning, he had probably already expected many powerful people to invite him, or have the intention of accepting him as their disciple, and as he was low in position himself, he wouldn’t dare reject anyone. Hence he purposely shut off his connections, this would naturally leave him innocent.

Reopening it after awhile after amassing large amounts of mail, he would then be able to pick from the lot.

"Cunning." Jade said softly.

"Such a genius, it’s natural he has such smarts about him." 9 blade knight shook his head and smiled. "Relax, I am after all the knight above him and am either directly or indirectly responsible for him. The 1st mail he should receive should still be mine."

After Luo Feng passed the 13th level of the heavenly bridge, a huge storm was caused. It didn’t only affect the upper echelons of the Virtual Universe Company, it also reached the other races.

…

In a starfield in desolate universe country, there was a slit in space which held a god country within.

This majestic god country was where the bug clan organization lay in hiding.

Within the god country, there was a mountain range that was over 1 million km high. It was the tallest mountain there, and at its peak…there was a shrine that was over 100,000 km tall. It glowed in a dazzling gold light, shining over the land, and silhouettes could be seen within the shrine.

Humans, intrepid bug soldiers, they worked harmoniously within.

"Master, master."

Within the highest level of the shrine, a gold robed silhouette flashed and appeared within the vast palace, shouting anxiously, "I have important matters to report, important matters."

Howl…howl…Over 10,000 gold bug soldiers (Undying bug soldiers) scattered within the palace immediately raged as they noticed the gold robed man rushing straight in, they let out warning signals to him. Almost like they were saying if he showed anymore disrespect, they would attack him.

"Why the rush, what’s there to report." A gentle voice resounded within the hall, a voice that calmed one’s entire body.

The gold robed man looked respectfully at the large amount of undying soldiers protecting a 10km tall mother nest. "I just got news that the human genius Luo Feng, no. 3, has just attempted the heavenly bridge today. He’s only lived for a few hundred years and yet now he’s already passed the 13th level!"

"13th level?"

Her gentle voice had some suspicion within, "Passing the 10th is a normal undying’s level. This means that no.3’s law comprehension is already akin or even better than a general already." Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"Yes master." The man replied respectfully but urgently. "And to reach such a level in a few short years, compared to the most exceptional Bolan that came from the same batch of the genius competition, he only just passed the 8th level, he cannot compare to Luo Feng at all. That Bolan is already considered a rare genius of the past 10,000 eras, but, this Luo Feng is worthy of being one of the past 10million eras."

10 million eras, that was 100 billion years.

Even though the universe had been around for a long time, 10 million eras was still considered a long period of time. Any genius capable of taking that title, such as Ke Di and Shi Huo knight, even though many had fallen during their time, whoever that didn’t…would have shocking achievements!

The absolute genius of 10 million eras that didn’t die, the weakest would also be an emperor pinnacle level.

"Rare genius of 10 million eras, comparable to Ke Di?" The gentle voice resounded.

"Yes." The gold robed man said.

"When we got rid of Ke Di’s threat back then, our bug clan had spent quite a bit of energy and resources to cause his teacher, the primal chaos city leader to be unable to warp time and space and revive him." The gentle voice resounded. "Raise Luo Feng’s position to no.1. I will report this to the race…our organization already doesn’t have enough resources to deal with him, you can go."

"Yes."

The gold robed man left respectfully.

The universe was infinitely vast, humanity, bug clan, automaton race etc, all these together still only took up but a small portion of the universe. In the distant regions, there were other incredibly powerful races. Of which, there was a god country hidden in a slit of space there.

This was a god country continent filled with black energy flow.

Within the majestic black shrine.

"Master."

A silhouette covered in black smog knelt respectfully, and within the chilly hall there sat a over 3km tall silhouette formed from countless black rocks. The surface of the rocks burned with red flames, his nose occasionally shot out black flames.

His two horns seemed to be made from a translucent ceramic glaze.

He looked down at the tiny black silhouette.

"Hm?" The majestic silhouette shot out black flames from his nostrils.

"Master, we just got word that the Hong Alliance humanity just produced an absolute genius, he’s called Luo Feng. He’s only trained for a few hundred years and yet he’s already passed the heavenly bridge’s 13th level." The little silhouette said respectfully. "He is definitely a rare genius of 10 million eras, however he is currently living in the sacred land of humanity primal chaos city, with their leader guarding there. Hence, our race has no way to infiltrate."

The majestic silhouette gazed down at the silhouette below. Wherever the primal chaos city leader guards, there’s no hope. We’ll wait, when he becomes sector lord, he will definitely head out to the outer region wars…there’ll naturally be a chance to get rid of him!"

Countless crystal metals floated about the majestic god country. The entire diameter of the place was about 3 million km, and was completely formed from a peculiar crystal.

In the core of the area.

A man sat in a jade green throne. He seemed like a perfect crystal carving which had the appearance of a human, and on his forehead he had one gold eye. The formless ripples revolved about his eye as it spread over the diameter of 300km area.

"Ah?"

"The distant Hong alliance human race has actually produced a rare genius of 10 million eras…"

"Looks like the bug clan, the demons and the automaton race will all try and find ways to kill him. Sending out knights to do the job will have a guarantee of killing Luo Feng. However, the price would be that of them sacrificing their knights to the powerful warriors of humanity. Using a knight in place for Luo Feng? No race would do that. However if it’s just an undying…trying to assassinate him would be troublesome."

"Interesting, interesting."

"The 4 pinnacle races have territories close to each other, the more they fight the better." The man said to himself softly, after which he closed his 3 eyes.

…

The news of humanity producing an absolute genius had, within one day, spread throughout the universe to countless races.