Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 737: Primal Chaos City Leader

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

The main entrance of the city leader’s residence was left open with people frequently heading in and out.

Luo Feng followed his usual path in. In the past, he had always been heading towards the 9 universe tablet, this time however, he was heading to visit the city leader.

"The city leader’s inner mansion!" Luo Feng took a deep breath and walked towards the highly guarded area.

The outer areas were all lax and free.

The inner areas however had guards all over. With just a glance, one could see that all of them were undyings.

"Clang!" Two guards simultaneously banged their pikes and stopped Luo Feng, looking coldly at him.

"I am Luo Feng, I’m here to visit the city leader." Luo Feng said respectfully.

"The city leader isn’t a person you can visit as you will." One of the guards engulfed in lightning looked coldly at him. "Without his order, even a knight won’t be able to see him." For him to actually become a guard of the primal chaos city leader, it was something very honorable. This was the primal chaos city leader, the no.1 being in the Virtual Universe Company, a true authority.

The undyings would all fight simply to guard the place, even though they were just guards, their authority allowed them to disregard even knights.

As they represented the primal chaos city leader.

"Please check." Luo Feng smiled, "I did indeed receive his order to come here." UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"Ah?"

The surrounding group of undyings all looked at Luo Feng.

Right.

Without the city leader’s order, why would this little punk dare come here in the first place.

"Please wait, I’ll go check." The guard covered in lightning no longer had a cold expression, he smiled passionately.

"You are Luo Feng?" After awhile, the guard looked shocked at him.

Luo Feng nodded and smiled.

"Go in, Gui Yi knight is waiting for you within." The guard said and withdrew his blockade, allowing Luo Feng to enter.

Luo Feng smiled and entered the mansion, as the group of undying guards about all began to discuss amongst themselves. It was extremely rare, even within the past hundred million years, for a domain lord or sector lord to be able to enter the city leader’s residence, this was his living quarters.

Within.

He followed the spacious walkways and quickly reached a primal stone plaza. He glanced into the distance, spotting a fiery red robed bald man. He was smiling indifferently, he seemed calm. Just from looking at this man…Luo Feng couldn’t help but calm down, feeling as though he had melded into the spacious and calm space.

Everything about him seemed to vanish, leaving only that bald man.

"Hm?" Luo Feng was stunned as he awoke.

"What a terrifying being, Tian Shi palace, Undying knight, Shi Huo knight, 9 blade knight…I feel like these knights are all incredibly powerful. And even though the emperor level undyings are strong, I can still faintly determine their strength. As for this man before me…I cannot tell at all, he should be a knight." Luo Feng instantly confirmed. "He should be the Gui Yi knight the knights mentioned."

Luo Feng walked towards the red robed bald man.

"I am Gui Yi knight, I’m here to receive you on my teacher’s orders." He smiled. The energy he emitted had an immediate influence on Luo Feng’s soul.

"Luo Feng greets Gui Yi knight." Luo Feng bowed respectfully.

"Follow me." Gui Yi knight said.

"Yes." Luo Feng said respectfully and followed.

The knight led Luo Feng through the mansion, smiling as he turned towards him, "Teacher is willing to take you as his disciple in name, and from what I see, it seems that you’ve agreed?"

"Yes." Luo Feng nodded.

"Hm, since you’ve become his disciple in name, you don’t have to call me Gui Yi knight anymore. Just call me 2nd senior instead." Gui Yi knight smiled. "I went under him very early, hence I became the 2nd senior. He has other disciples under him with many of them stronger than even me. However he favors me, hence I get to stay close to him."

Luo Feng said, "Greetings 2nd senior."

"Hm." Gui Yi knight smiled and talked as they walked. "Teacher has 3 great bodies, the one in primal chaos city is here to kill and punish. Hence, you have to be extremely respectful, you cannot offend him."

"Yes." Luo Feng was shocked as he replied.

My god.

That primal chaos city leader actually has 3 bodies, and the one left in the city was for killing and punishment? Just one body of his was enough to guard the entire primal chaos city? If that was so, the strength he had in total was unimaginable.

Actually, the city leader having 3 bodies was not a secret at all. The strong were still the strong, hence he was respected. He had massacred…and killed countless other warriors from other races. His 3 bodies are well known throughout the trillions of races in the universe, every one of them having unbelievable power.

"Primal chaos ruins?" Luo Feng looked into a quiet yard ahead. There was a stone tablet there with three words on it.

"Teacher is within." Gui Yi knight said and brought Luo Feng in.

Luo Feng stepped through.

Rumble…

Time and space warped. Initially, they were in the city leader’s residence, however the moment he took a step into the yard, he felt the stars and everything warp, he had entered into a boundless world.

Endless ground before them, with bodies all about. Some were as big as planets, some smaller than humans, however they all emanated terrifying energies. This…was probably the ruins of a terrifying pinnacle battle.

Luo feng and Gui Yi knight walked through the endless ruins.

"Teacher." Gui Yi knight suddenly shouted.

"Hm?" Luo Feng was shocked to discover a 3 meter tall and sturdy man in the distance. He wore an incredibly complex ancient dark red armor with boots on, and a snake tail extending out of his armor behind.

As Luo Feng’s gaze landed on him, he felt his soul shudder within. He had only spotted a silhouette initially, yet now he was looking at endless universe laws…the vast universe laws, and the killing intent emanating from him. It made Luo Feng’s soul completely submit.

No sense of resistance.

"Luo Feng?" A very normal voice resounded. The illusion before was completely shattered as Luo Feng once again saw the man standing before them.

This red armored man with a snake tail turned to look at him, there were two red horns on his forehead with peculiar engravings on them. It seemed evil and terrifying, however his eyes were calm like the vast ocean, like the endless space, it made one calm down from within.

"Luo Feng greets Lord city leader." Luo Feng knelt down.

"Terrifying, too terrifying." Luo Feng shuddered within. "That 1st glance, I thought I was staring at the universe laws themselves. Right, this is the level of which one becomes the laws! Xi Luo Duo had said so too…the beast god is fused with the laws, every action triggers them. Even the statue of it has the laws within! And the primal chaos city leader, since he’s reached this level, naturally he carries the laws within. Just looking at him, it was like looking at the powerful amount of law energies he has."

This was an extreme realm.

One that definitely exceeded the knights, a true pinnacle being of the vast universe.

"Your performance was not bad, your encounters are quite plenty too." He looked at Luo Feng and smiled.

Luo Feng listened respectfully.

Within however, he was panicking, because he felt like the gaze of the city leader could see through him completely. It was almost like there was no secret he could keep from him, "My mosha body is keeping the core with him and he’s hiding in the world ring. I’ve already refined that ring…I’ll know if anybody scans it. And if anybody scans my core, I should know that too. Hm, however this city leader’s power is unbelievable, it’s hard to say. He is afterall the city leader, he wouldn’t bother to scan my world ring."

"I’ve seen the footage of your heavenly bridge attempt, you are almost done with the 108 wonders of the space." The city leader smiled. "And it’s been less than 90 years this time in primal chaos city. To almost finish the 108 wonders within this time frame is not bad."

Luo Feng listened obediently.

"You passing the 13th level, it should be from the beast god presence you got from the gold horn race’s beast god canyon right." The city leader said.

"Yes." Luo Feng said.

Within however he shuddered.

Terrifying, even though the city leader’s guess was somewhat off, it wasn’t completely wrong. As Luo Feng had copied the huge sleeping beast god statue trillions of times in the beast god canyon, that was how he got some bit of the presence. The little beast god statue he got couldn’t be copied at all. The moment he copied a little too much of it, the universe would punish him, only the statue Xi Luo Duo left behind was possible.

"To be able to comprehend a bit of the presence is not bad already." The city leader said, "Are you willing to be my disciple in name."

"I’m willing." Luo Feng said respectfully.

The city leader nodded his head.

He, one that stood at the pinnacle of humanity, even though a genius was important, he was very clear that some people may have slow comprehension speeds. Regardless, after constantly break through their boundaries, they too could become knights. Hence unless it was an absolute genius of 10 million eras, he wouldn’t care.

Even such a genius, he would still observe for awhile before actually accepting him as a true disciple.

"I know True Yan exchanged the top half of the Nan Shen 7 forms for you." The city leader said. "And since you can actually comprehend a little of the beast god presence, it shows that you have a talent in the fusion of the laws. However…fusion of the laws, is tens of thousands of times harder than simply comprehending one law."

"I’ll give you time, 3,000 years." The city leader said.

"If you can finish the 1st form of the Nan Shen 7 forms in 3,000 years here in primal chaos city, I will accept you as my disciple." The city leader said to Luo Feng.