Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 738: Completion

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"Finish the 1st form of the Nan Shen 7 forms within 3,000 years?" Gui Yi knight who stood beside was shocked within. The Nan Shen 7 forms or Beast god 7 techniques were well known as an extremely valuable manual amongst the pinnacle race humanity’s upper echelon. There were two reasons for its reputation. One of them was because the gold horn race’s Xi Luo Duo was well known amongst the trillions of races in the universe back then. The second reason was also because of the universe producing such a powerful creature, the Beast god. And because of it, humans back then had sacrificed quite a lot.

The strong were forged.

Xi Luo Duo and the Beast god were like that! And the Nan Shen 7 forms that Xi Luo Duo created was created with the Beast god in mind, naturally this was respected by humanity itself.

When the gold horn race became subservient to humanity, the strongest manual they had was this Nan Shen 7 forms. Naturally, it became humanity’s and since then, as they respected Xi Luo Duo and the Beast god, there were many that exchanged for this manual and trained in it.

This training…

Made them discover that the Nan Shen 7 forms were incredibly difficult, it was tens of thousands of times harder than simply training in the space law alone. Especially the 1st level, even some knights have yet to pass this 1st level. Completing this 1st level proved that one had talent in the fusion of the gold and space laws.

"I remember back then, Lian Luo took 3,000 years to completely comprehend the 108 wonders of space laws." Gui Yi knight was shocked within. "And teacher is only giving Luo Feng 3,000 years to comprehend the Nan Shen 7 forms 1st form, that’s tough."

"3,000 years?" Luo Feng was nervous within.

Xi Luo duo had mentioned in the 1st volume that this was just the beginning, it was best to completely comprehend the 108 wonders first before trying this out, and the time spent on this would be hundreds to thousands of times longer than the time spent on the 108 wonders!

These were some words left behind by Xi Luo Duo in the manual, casual hundreds to thousands of times.

"I spent over 100 years comprehending the 108 wonders, then wouldn’t the time I need be 10,000 to 100,000 years?" Luo Feng thought. "However, I have the little Beast god statue. Since I’m able to study it and imitate the way it fuses the laws…my efficiency will be much higher. If I work hard, I’ll definitely be able to finish the Scale section within 3000 years."

…

"I will definitely do my best." Luo Feng stood before this body of the city leader, not daring to show any disrespect.

He nodded.

After which walked into the distance, Gui Yi knight and Luo Feng followed.

"Your 9th senior is here." He said.

"Hm?"

Luo Feng turned around and suddenly amidst a tornado, a 9m tall huge man with 6 arms and 6 eyes walked over. Behind him was a huge gold axe almost as tall as him, it had incomparably complex engravings on it, and powerful energy emanated from it, causing the space around it to tear apart.

He took huge strides over, stepping through some bodies, the space about shook.

"Teacher." The huge man said respectfully as he got closer.

"This is your 9th senior Huge Axe knight." The city leader explained behind Luo Feng.

"9th senior." Luo Feng bowed.

"Your 9th senior Huge Axe knight has trained in the Nan Shen 7 forms before." The city leader revealed a smile. "From today on, within these 3,000 years, I allow you to go visit him for guidance once every decade, whatever questions you have, you can ask him."

Luo Feng was happy.

Even though it was said that no one had comprehended the secret of the sleeping Beast god statue in the gold horn race’s beast god canyon, Luo feng had long guessed that there would be some warriors that had seen through it, but had not publicly announced anything. The strong were numerous as the clouds, they even had this manual, there would definitely be many that have tried it.

"Yes." Luo Feng said respectfully, after which he turned to the Huge Axe knight and said respectfully, "I’ll be troubling you for the next 3,000 years 9th senior."

"No trouble at all." He laughed and said.

What a joke, the city leader ordered it, would he dare go against it?

"This Nan Shen 7 forms is too hard. Even though I’ve trained in it before, I can only roughly guide you." Huge axe knight explained. Even though he had tried training it before, he had only reached the 4th level. His body itself however was very strong, after a trillion years of practicing, he realized the gains didn’t make up for the losses.

Right now he had completely given up on it, and was focusing on studying time itself.

He was already accomplished in space. Hence, he was waiting for the moment he reached the same level in time as well.

Time and space as one, he would naturally become a universe master!

Training time and space, this was the great path common amongst the universe’s trillion races, 99.9% of knights all walked this path.

…

After the city leader ordered Huge axe knight, he turned to Luo feng, "The way our Virtual Universe Company nurtures its geniuses, is that the higher the talent, the more resources he would receive. Of course, you’ll only get these when you reach sector lord level. Since you are under me now, I will naturally give you some resources too."

"Thank you teacher." Luo Feng was glad within.

"I’ll give you an extra 20 times to study the 9 universe tablet." The city leader said. "I believe it’s what you need the most now, go on, let’s hope you’ll finish the 1st form within 3,000 years."

"Yes." Luo Feng could barely suppress his joy, bowing respectfully.

Gui Yi knight and Huge axe knight bowed too.

Hua!

The three of them simultaneously vanished and appeared within the Primal chaos ruins yard.

"Space warp?" Luo Feng realized as he stood in the yard, shocked.

"Luo Feng junior, work hard." Gui Yi knight said as he smiled, after which he vanished too.

"I’ll visit you in the virtual universe Yu xiang mountain in 10 years." Huge Axe knight’s voice rumbled, after which he vanished too.

"3,000 years?" Luo Feng thought, his eyes gleaming with joy, "And another 20 times to study the tablet, it’s wonderful."

20 chances to study the 9 universe tablet. Although it seemed normal, in truth, it’s worth was priceless.

That was because even with points, it was impossible to exchange for these chances!

Everytime one passed a level in the heavenly bridge, he would get one chance. After passing the 21st level, one would already be a knight. One would only get about 21 times. Every chance itself was extremely valuable…The main reason Luo Feng came to primal chaos city was mostly also to study this 9 universe tablet.

Out of nowhere, he suddenly got 20 more chances! It was even better than the many manuals he had, surprising him more than acquiring any treasure.

…

After exiting the residence, he headed straight to study the tablet.

He currently had a total of 26 times (he had 6 times left from the heavenly bridge and the city leader gave him another 20), using each time wisely would allow his improvement speed to grow extremely fast.

Time passed.

The news of Luo Feng becoming a disciple in name to the city leader was well known amongst the knights. And the Ganwu universe country leader too made a rare order to look after his family well. With that, the many undying families naturally were incredibly passionate to his family.

The Luo family power immediately soared even more, akin to a powerful undying family within the Ganwu universe country.

…

Luo Feng didn’t care much about this, he was clear this was the most important period of rising for him. The stronger he got and the higher he climbed, then his family would get even stronger…the moment he fell however, his family too would fall rapidly.

…

10 years later.

"Yes 9th senior."

"Understood."

"Ah."

"Hm."

Within his training grounds in the virtual universe Yu Xiang mountain primal region, Huge axe knight was guiding him, answering the questions he had bottled up for 10 years.

And as one of the early disciples of the city leader, with countless years of guidance from the city leader himself, his strength was no weaker than Shi Huo knight. He was maybe even stronger. His guidance…was naturally solid, easily explaining and making Luo feng smile with delight.

After 3 whole days of guidance. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Huge Axe knight left.

…

Luo Feng continued to sit crossed legged on the balcony, occasionally looking up to the skies, and other times immersed in his thoughts. The golden horned beast and the mosha clan too were training hard.

In a flash, it had been 12 years since he left the city leader’s residence after becoming a disciple in name.

"Haha…"

Luo Feng, who sat crossed legged on his balcony suddenly opened his eyes and stood up, he couldn’t help but smile excitedly.

"I’ve finally done it!"

"I’ve completely comprehended the 108 wonders of space!"

"Lian Luo took 3,000 years!"

"I did it in a little over 100 years." Luo Feng laughed loudly, filled with glee. "I trained with a sector lord body, he did the same. Yet I’m close to 30 times faster than he was. Looks like my speed has exceeded his."

With the separate bodies, Luo feng’s speed and talent did exceed Lian Luo’s.

However it wasn’t as absurd as 30 times more. The main thing was he had the little Beast god statue. To be able to study and feel its presence, it naturally was a huge benefit to his training in the space laws.

"No wonder Lian Luo had said that with the comprehension of these 108 wonders, the 4th and 5th and even the 6th picture would be easier." Luo Feng smiled. "Haha, even though the 4th to the 6th are incredibly complex, in truth, they are a formation of these 108 wonders."

The 108 wonders were like the ingredients.

And all delicacies relied on the most basic ingredients, comprehending the foundation before training the 4th-6th pictures…it was completely unlike the normal warriors with their basic level comprehension.

"The 4th - 6th pictures, I’ll at most take a little time with them, they won’t be a barrier at all." Luo Feng said confidently.

"Hm."

"However, I’m in no rush to study the 4th picture now…I have to first study the Nan Shen 7 forms…I have to grasp the time." Luo Feng couldn’t care less about anything else. He closed his eyes, and in his mind, countless words and training methods etc floated within, this was the Nan Shen 36 forms he had acquired back in the Gold horn race sacred land’s Manual tower.

As he read through the Nan Shen 7 forms, he discovered…

The Nan Shen 36 forms was the basic beginners manual to the Nan Shen 7 forms. This was actually said in its detailed introduction back in the Manual tower, that this was Xi Luo Duo’s basic manual!