Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 739: Domain Lord Qualification Battles

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Before, Luo Feng had simply relied on the golden horned beast to grasp the Beast god presence, not trying to comprehend the laws within, but simply imitated it!

At this time, he had truly begun to study the fusion of the laws. Just like how some people were naturally gifted in piano on earth, and some more in the sciences, even though they could achieve anything with effort, the talent was a good stepping stone. And in the difficult path of fusing the laws, one that even many knights weren’t able to begin with, and Luo feng had just stepped in…

Was it fast?

Or slow?

It was hard to say before the training began.

Virtual universe, Luo Feng’s training grounds.

In the spacious sky above the mountains, Luo feng stood on the Luo Fu Liu board with over 800,000 little blades surrounding him, a blur of blades covered the sky. He used his spirit energy to trigger the blades and through the universe laws, began to unleash his Illusionary blade, Sky piercing blade, Blade domain, Heavenly pillar, Space slicer, Blade world…

Even though these were ordinary blades, with no law engravings on them.

He could still use his moves.

The main advantage of the spirit weapons were that they had fixed law engravings on them. Through some combination work, the moves could be used to trigger them. Simply triggering the law engravings allowed one to use them. But, without the spirit weapons, for Luo Feng to control the blur of blades, and triggering the laws by himself was too tedious.

Using the same move without a spirit weapon, the amount of energy needed alone would be tens to hundreds of times different!

"Space slicing gold blade!"

Countless blades danced in mid air, triggered by the universe laws, they eventually formed one body together. A huge blade with golden energy flow was formed.

Luo Feng’s face was flushed red, he stared hard at the huge blade formed by countless little ones.

"If I used the Nan Shen Armament, I can easily unleash this move, and the power will be much stronger." Luo Feng thought. "However, using hundreds of thousands of normal little blades, and triggering the laws for each one of them to eventually connect them with the laws themselves is very tedious. I can barely form this huge blade."

One had to know that Luo Feng had already comprehended the 108 wonders of space, and his space law comprehension had already reached the 12th level of the heavenly bridge. The moment he combined that with his 3,200 spirit energy amplitude…he could already unleash the Nan Shen Armament’s 9th level, A match against undying.

With the Nan Shen Armament, he could use the 9th level.

Without it, using countless normal blades, even the 8th level was tedious.

…

Through training in the Nan Shen 36 forms, he had naturally learnt how to control ordinary blades with the laws, triggering the laws to control them was a skill used in creating techniques. Spreading one’s attacking technique into hundreds of thousands of little blades, and arranging each and every one of them.

Finally reaching a level of satisfaction.

After which, combining them with the laws themselves, and engraving the required laws within, that way, one didn’t need to work so hard when unleashing his move, he just simply needed to trigger them.

Of course.

Luo Feng hadn’t reached the level of creating techniques. Training this Nan Shen 36 forms had great benefits for him…it worked well with the Nan Shen 7 forms’ 1st level.

"So it’s that way."

"Beast god presence, the wonder within is like that."

Luo Feng occasionally had smiles and frowns as he sat on his balcony.

When he first began fusing the laws, he discovered that the little Beast god presence that he had grasped had benefits. This was almost like some car mechanics, even though they didn’t know the principles behind the engines, they could still fix them. And when they began to actually study it, it would resonate with their fixing experience, their comprehension would thus speed up.

Luo Feng was that way as well.

He knew how to do it in the past, but he didn’t understand it too well.

Now that he began to study it, they worked together and he would be extremely excited whenever it happened.

"So it’s that way."

"Haha."

…

During the 6th year after he began the Nan Shen 7 forms.

"Teacher." Luo Feng sat beside his teacher.

"How’s the study of the Nan Shen 7 forms, do you have confidence in completing the 1st level within 3,000 years?" True Yan looked at Luo Feng, he knew about his deal with the city leader.

"I’m doing well for now."

Luo Feng smiled, "My first 6 years into it have been smooth, however this Beast god path is extremely profound. Just the 1st Scale portion alone is incredibly complex. According to Xi Luo Duo, it has many barriers within, I don’t know whether I’ll be able to easily break through them."

"Hm." True Yan nodded.

This was a true high level manual, the moment one finished the 6 levels, he would stand at the pinnacle of humanity. Just like the Huge Axe Dojo founder, primal chaos city leader, void gold master and other few rare existences, he may still be weaker than them but it was still enough to dominate over trillions of races in the universe.

Hence, every level was incredibly difficult.

"Smooth sailing at the start, that’s good, it means you fit this path well." True Yan nodded satisfied. There was no way for him to know that the golden horned beast had been imitating the sleeping statue for a long time, studying the little Beast god statue and its special presence which was also infused with the fusion laws, and practicing it with its sky tearing claw over and over.

Amongst Luo Feng’s 3 bodies, the earth body and the Mosha body’s training in the beast god path was far from the speed of the golden horned beast.

The golden horned beast, the sleeping Beast god statue, the little beast god statue, along with the Nan Shen 7 forms and Nan Shen 36 techniques, these were the ideal combination.

"Hm, a few more days and it’ll be the domain lord millennial qualification battles." True Yan laughed, "You must remember to take part."

"I remember." Luo Feng laughed.

Domain lord qualification battles?

The strongest of the 10 seniors had only just passed the 11th level, even if he didn’t use the Beast god presence, just using his space laws and 3,200 spirit energy amplitude, he could already easily pass the 13th level.

"Fighting them is simply bullying them, they are no challenge at all." Luo Feng muttered to himself.

Even though it was obviously bullying, the date of the qualification battles still came.

Virtual universe Yu xiang mountain, primal region.

"The primal region domain lord battles are about to begin, all gather." A thick voice resounded within the entire primal region. All 11 members looked up in the sky, gazing at the silhouette in the air, after which they all rushed up into the skies.

Shua!

11 of them gathered in mid air, looking at the purple clothed man.

He was the organizer of the battles sent by the Virtual Universe Company, and also a powerful undying.

"Luo Feng?"

"That’s Luo Feng?"

"Tuo Ka, that’s Luo Feng, his training speed is absurd." The 10 seniors all seemed to gaze at him. Of the 10, only Tuo Ka was currently in Primal chaos city, the other 9 were elsewhere…and as Luo Feng hardly attended classes in the virtual universe.

He mostly attended them personally in primal chaos city, hence the other 9 weren’t familiar with him.

"Interesting." Luo Feng could feel their gaze on him. He smiled, "Forget it, it’s no fun if I bully them too much. I’ll show them some respect when we fighter later. I’ll settle them quickly but not too badly."

It was indeed bullying.

Passing the 13th level compared to the 11th…the difference was too huge. It was purely elimination.

Before Luo feng had consecutively passed the 6 levels, the 10 seniors all thought Luo Feng had some capability, but at least they were still stronger than him…some couldn’t wait to fight him. However, now that he had passed the 13th level, the group of seniors were all stunned.

Dumbfounded.

Tuo Ka who was in primal chaos city howled within, "I’ve trained for 30,000 years, but he’s only trained for a few hundred years. How is he so much stronger than me, this is too, unfair."

"Is this another Ke Di?"

"To be in the same generation as a monster, what a tragedy."

The 10 of them couldn’t even face him. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Some looked on at him like he was an absolute genius monster. They were very clear about the fact that Luo Feng wasn’t on the same level as them at all.

…

The purple clothed man looked at the 11 before him, his gaze landing on Luo Feng. He couldn’t help but carefully analyze Luo Feng. He had heard Luo Feng had become the primal chaos city leader’s disciple in name, he was filled with envy. His level of undying didn’t even have the chance to meet the city leader, he was totally envious.

"Same rules as before." His gaze swept past the 11, expression serious, "Once every millennium, the domain lord qualification battles occur. There are a total of 11 of you this time, everyone will fight against the other 10. In these matches, the victor will get 1 point, the loser will get 0, the final score will rank you all. The top 6 will continue to stay in the primal region…the remaining 5 will compete against the top 5 of the Absolute beginning region domain lords, fighting for the final 4 slots. I’m sure you all understand."

"Understood."

The 11 of them nodded.

Luo Feng was very relaxed. The 10 of them however all felt the pressure. No matter what, Luo Feng had already taken one slot.

The top 5 of the absolute beginning region, the geniuses of over 100 in that region, wouldn’t be too far behind. The moment they had to compete against them, it would extremely intense.

"The battles will all be held in special areas. The virtual universe system will automatically send you in pairs to them, everyone will fight with everyone else, unless your opponent forfeits. Those not in battles can watch the live broadcasts of other battles." He smiled, "Prepare yourselves, and await for the teleportation."

11 members nodded, their gazes changing to that of competition.

Competition!

From the day they stepped into the Virtual Universe Company, this had always been the case.

Luo feng stood calmly in mid air, as he didn’t care about the 10 seniors. He wasn’t competing against them, not even the geniuses of his generation. But the great beings of humanity in history, or the absolute geniuses of the other races in the universe.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

10 of the 11 were immediately teleported, leaving only Luo Feng behind.

"The 5 matches that just begun, i’m the only one not taking part." Luo Feng shook his head and laughed.

"Don’t be anxious, everyone will fight eventually." The purple clothed man smiled at Luo Feng. "And this is simply just a passing to you, there’s no challenge at all."

Luo Feng laughed.