Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 742: True Disciple

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Within the city leader’s mansion.

"Your majesty Luo Feng, the city leader has ordered earlier for you to enter when you arrive." The group of undying guards within didn’t stop him.

Luo Feng smiled and walked in.

As they looked at his back, they began to discuss amongst themselves.

"Entering without a need for verification. Other than the very few individuals, they are all the city leader’s disciples. Has Luo Feng become a true disciple?"

"Very likely."

"The city leader’s order didn’t come too long ago, he should have accepted Luo Feng as a disciple."

…

Luo Feng stood in the yard facing the primal chaos ruins.

He stepped through.

Rumble!

Time and space warped and he appeared within a vast wasteland, trillions of other races corpses filled the land, there was a silhouette sitting crossed legged within.

"Teacher." Luo Feng got up and carefully bowed respectfully, not stepping on any of the corpses.

The silhouette got up.

He turned to look at Luo Feng. Despite the malevolent face he had, his eyes were gentle and warm. He smiled and nodded, "Have you finished the 1st level?"

"I just finished the 1st Scale portion of it, hence I immediately came to report to you." Luo Feng said.

"Your 9th senior said you’d be here quickest in half a year, slowest in 3 years. I didn’t expect you to come here after 3 months instead." He nodded. "Demonstrate the 1st form for me."

"Yes."

Luo Feng said respectfully. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Actually over these 800 years of training, even though he had finished the 1st level Scale portion, in truth he had only gotten comprehension of the 1st form. As for its usage in techniques, he hadn’t actually learnt anything. The law comprehension was simply that, usage was just as important.

Luo Feng had thought of coming earlier to see the city leader, coming without any techniques at all.

"Luckily I usually let the golden horned beast train with it, and my human body trained in the virtual universe often mixing it with the 3,000 space claw technique. Finally, I managed to comprehend the most basic usage." Luo Feng was happy within.

Rumble!

The genetic energy within him swirled as layers of scales appeared on the surface of his body, they even began to appear on his arms. Every scale’s engravings were exactly the same as the sleeping beast god statues, but the only difference was that it was smaller.

"Hm." The city leader smiled.

At this time Luo Feng had become a human form beast, covered in scales with its intrepid energy engulfing the area. It could be said to be a simple beast god transformation, however his power level had shot up greatly.

"Sky tearing claw." Luo Feng rushed forward fiercely.

He!

His right hand covered in scales clawed forwards, almost like the golden horned beast unleashing the technique.

Hua La…the space within the ruins shook violently, a blurry terrifying huge claw silhouette tore through space and dispersed after. After unleashing the move…the scales on his body immediately began to return to genetic energy and disappear within his body, regaining his original form.

"Teacher." Luo Feng said respectfully.

"Your claw work is not bad." The city leader nodded satisfied. "You’ve only gained comprehension of the 1st scale form. In terms of usage…you can use it in spirit weapons, blade work and so on for various usage such as for movement and defense. However these usage techniques have to be trained as well, your claw work however is not bad at all."

Luo Feng was shocked within.

Could it be weak?

Sky tearing claw was his trump card, one that he had gotten from studying the beast god pictures and training for a very long time. Even though the golden horned beast had imitated the statue trillions of times, during that period, it had constantly used sky tearing claw to get a grasp of the beast god presence.

"From today, you will become my 32nd disciple." The city leader emphasized.

"The student greets the teacher."

Luo Feng knelt down.

The city leader looked at this young punk kneeling before him. Compared to his long life and power, this punk was indeed small and weak. Actually it was like a parent speaking to his child, normally they pamper the weakest of them the most. In truth, they care about all their children, however the youngest one is usually the one they naturally took care of the most.

One theory.

The total number of disciples the city leader had, including Luo Feng was only 32. There were only 27 surviving, of which 25 were knights and 1 was an emperor level pinnacle. The final one was Luo feng, who was the smallest and weakest.

Towards the smallest disciple, the city leader would naturally look after more.

And seeing Luo feng kneel before him today, he suddenly felt as though he was looking at a very lively punk Ke Di from before.

"Ke Di…" the city leader couldn’t help but feel hurt and rage as he thought of Ke Di, he too was a true disciple of his. Back then, the bug clan warriors had ambushed him and made him lose his disciple. Actually, once anyone reached the city leader’s level of power, killing his disciples was very hard.

Even if they were killed and their souls were destroyed.

The city leader could reverse time to the point before his disciple’s death, reviving him.

Of course, reversing time was extremely difficult and this went against all the universe laws themselves. Hence, as a consequence, there would be a backlash.

All in all, reversing time was an extremely hard thing to do.

And this move wasn’t invincible, it wasn’t such that all the dead could be revived. Like Ke Di, with the bug clan warriors planning everything out, the city leader still lost his disciple.

"Get up." The city leader said softly.

Luo Feng obediently complied.

"Including you, of the 32 disciples I’ve had, 5 have already fallen." The city leader said. "Among the surviving 26 seniors of yours, 25 are knights. Only one is an emperor level pinnacle. You are still weak, however I believe you’ll reach emperor pinnacle easily."

Luo feng heard the words ‘still weak’, he couldn’t help but mutter to himself.

Weak?

He had been in primal chaos city for over 900 years, but over 3,000 years had passed in the actual universe. According to earth’s time, he was already over 3,000 years old! 3,000 years of growth, the population of earth humans had reached an incredibly level, they had filled the entire milky way galaxy, even reaching other galaxies.

The limit of the population was mainly territory and food etc.

Without these restrictions, a small tribe of 10 can easily reach over a hundred million in a 1,000 years!

Hence, with 3,000 years passing, the number of earth humans and people in the Luo family had exploded to an extreme level, and with Luo Feng in such a high position on earth, his family too had the same prestige. Many called him an ancient ancestor, calling him the sacred person of earth and so on.

However before the city leader, he was ‘still weak’, he knew that the city leader wasn’t wrong.

"Compared to the city leader or universe knights, those level of beings, anyone who hasn’t lived over a hundred million years would be considered small." Luo Feng muttered.

"From today onwards, you can teleport directly to my palace on Thunder island." The city leader said. "If you have any questions, you can ask me in the virtual universe thunder island. As for here, the primal chaos ruins, without my order, you don’t have to come here."

"Yes teacher." Luo Feng said respectfully.

"Also…on the day you reach sector lord, and the day you decide to leave primal chaos city, come here." The city leader said.

"Yes." Luo Feng remembered.

The day he became sector lord and the day he left primal chaos city?

Come visit his city leader teacher?

"You can leave now." He smiled indifferently. "Ah, your authority has been risen. You can search for a lot more information regarding what you want to know through the virtual universe network from now on."

"The disciple takes his leave." Luo Feng replied happily.

Shua!

The city leader immediately teleported Luo Feng out of the ruins.

Only the city leader was left in the wastelands. Looking at the vast ruins, the trillions of other race warriors’ bodies around, he sat down crossed legged again silently…

Luo Feng felt the time and space warp before him, he was instantly standing at the entrance of the primal chaos ruins yard.

"I still thought I’d get some reward after becoming a true disciple." Luo Feng thought and laughed. "However, he told me to visit him when I become a sector lord and when I’m about to leave the city, there should be some special reason. If there wasn’t, we could simply meet in the virtual universe."

"Authority risen?"

Luo Feng was happy within as he walked within the residence, quickly walking out of it and returning to his quiet balcony. He sat crossed legged and immediately sent a thread of consciousness into the virtual universe to check information regarding the primal Sky mountain.

With different levels of authority, the amount of information was naturally different.

Even though he was a primal region member before, he still couldn’t find much, he couldn’t even find anything about the Hong alliance.

And the status of a primal chaos city leader disciple was extremely high.

"The authority sure is different, I get much more detailed information now." He sat crossed legged and smiled, "Primal region sky mountain…hehe, it sure is hard."

"Universe level, primal region sky mountain, one had to have the capability of passing the 12th level of the heavenly bridge to pass."

"Domain lord level, primal region sky mountain, one had to have the capability of passing the 16th level of the heavenly bridge to pass."

"Sector lord level, primal region sky mountain, one had to have the capability of passing the 20th level of the heavenly bridge to pass."

Luo feng looked at the information and couldn’t help but exclaim.

Tough.

The primal region sky mountain…was indeed the hardest of all. Using True Yan’s words, they had no intention of letting the geniuses pass it. Only absolute geniuses of 10 million eras, very few of them had passed them before. Of course geniuses of 10,000 eras didn’t have such ability.