Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 744: Primal Region Sector Lord

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"Ah!" The Ox man stared at him, immediately howling, "There’s someone here to attempt the primal region sky mountain!"

Two beams of light flew over. It was the apeman spirit reader and snake lady illusionist. The three guardians gathered at the foot of the mountain, quickly acquiring Luo Feng’s information.

"Luo Feng? You’ve passed the heavenly bridge’s 13th level?" The snake lady smiled enticingly, "Your majesty Luo Feng, your strength is far from enough."

"Cut the crap."

The dark golden long rod on Luo Feng’s back immediately split into 10,081 little golden blades, the blur of gold lights immediately began to interweave perfectly, forming a 3.3m long dark golden blade. This was the most perfect 9th form of the Nan Shen Armament, A match against undying.

Xiu!

The battle started immediately!

…

He killed from the foot of the mountain up to the middle level, successful in both levels.

"Phew…" Luo Feng stood on the dark cloud shuttle and flew through the primal region mountain’s path that stretched into the clouds. After flying for a while, he finally reached the peak.

The clouds engulfed the entire peak, the ox was lying and snoring thunderously there. The apeman was happily drinking at a large vat of wine and the snake lady was swimming in the water. When Luo feng landed on the peak, the three of them simultaneously opened their eyes and gazed at him.

The peak, this was the final level, and the toughest.

"How many years has it been." The snake lady sighed in the water, she slowly swam out of the water, putting on a silk robe. Even though she was a snake lady, her upper half revealed a little through the robe, she could easily seduce men from all over.

"Yes, it’s been too long." A low voice resounded from the ox man.

"Since the three of us have been created, it’s been a million eras since we’ve been challenged." The apeman stood up.

Luo Feng was shocked as he heard.

Created?

After which he understood, these should be AIs created by the virtual universe system. One had to know that their system was heavenly, they were able to imitate the laws in places like the slaughterhouse, even creating any sort of opponent one requested!

Hence, to create the guardians of the Sky and land, absolute beginning and primal region sky mountains, this was just a small feat for them.

The only thing was that they lived for so long, some had already become living AIs, ones who were able to feel emotions.

"Luo Feng." The snake lady looked at Luo Feng, her voice was gentle and enticing. "Even though I really wish to chat with you, we have to do our mission, and fight with all our strength…"

"Me too." Luo Feng said softly.

Rumble! RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

The dark golden long rod on his back immediately dispersed and became a golden long blade. At the same time, scales appeared throughout his body and he instantly became a human form beast god. Unleashing this move meant that he had only completed the 1st level, it wasn’t too strong yet.

"Seems not bad." The snake lady smiled.

With her smile…

Luo Feng was thrown into an illusion. An arc light shot out from behind the skinny apeman and slashed at Luo Feng’s neck, and was about to chop off his head.

"Break!" Luo Feng’s gaze was light lightning as he roared, instantly breaking through the illusion.

Dang!

The gold long blade’s instantaneous speed had reached an extreme level. It howled like a beast and was incredibly powerful, instantly tearing through space and crashing into that arc light. As they clashed, both the Nan Shen Armament and the Arc blade was knocked far away.

"I’ve already unleashed my spirit energy amplitude, combined with the 1st level’s Scale form infused in my Nan Shen Armament…yet my power is still only equal to the apeman’s." Luo Feng’s expression changed as he roared.

He immediately rushed straight at the ox man.

As he targeted the ox man, he controlled his Nan shen armament to distract the apeman. As for the snake woman…Luo Feng didn’t care about her at all! He was confident in his ability to withstand the illusions.

"Haha…" The ox man laughed, rushing straight at Luo Feng. Every step he took, shook the entire ground, he wielded his huge blood thirsty axe and lifted it high up, the space around it instantly shook, and the image of a huge axe projected throughout. With just his roar, the space was instantly torn apart.

Domain lord level 9 strength, it could easily tear through space!

"Good." The beast god form Luo feng waved his right hand.

"Break!!!"

Luo Feng’s slash through the sky was almost like a big slap, a claw appeared and a projection of a blurry beast god claw emerged This claw…hit right at the huge axe, with a clash, the axe was knocked sideways, the ox man immediately adapted…changing his vertical slice to that of a side one!

Sou! Luo Feng however was as fast as lightning.

After slashing with his claw once, he immediately rushed forwards, both hands facing the huge axe and clawing at it fiercely!

"Sky tearing claw!" Luo feng unleashed everything for the first time.

This claw was incomparably brutal!

The moment he clawed, 5 tears in space immediately appeared and his attack tore through the ox man’s chest armor. His terrifying attack destroyed his insides…easily destroying his life core.

The ox man was dead!

"Just two left now." Luo Feng turned immediately after tearing through the ox man and looked around before flashing forward like a beast.

…

Actually, the moment the ox man was killed, this battle had already been decided.

"I’ve succeeded."

Luo Feng stood at the peak, looking at the three bodies amidst the clouds, after which, their injuries vanished and they regenerated. All three of them stood up.

"Congratulations Luo Feng."

"Congratulations on passing the primal sky mountain."

The three guardians smiled at Luo Feng, the snake woman couldn’t help but ask, "Luo Feng, how come my illusions didn’t even work on you?"

"They aren’t strong enough." Luo Feng smiled.

900 years of training in primal chaos city, along with long periods of solitude, this was very good training for his mental state. Over these 900 years…Luo Feng’s willpower had improved a lot. Even though knowing oneself was still only the 1st level in mental states, once its trained beyond its limits, it could still continue to get stronger.

Luo Feng’s willpower was extremely sturdy, how could her illusions affect him?

Primal chaos city, on a particular balcony amidst others.

Luo Feng sat crossed legged.

"I’ve succeeded." Luo Feng opened his eyes fill with glee, "I’ve passed the primal region sky mountain. This way, the moment I reach sector lord, I’ll receive a huge reward. With that, my strength will reach a new level again! I’ll have a better chance in the life or death trials ahead."

"Hm."

"The primal chaos city leader teacher also told me…to look for him when I reach sector lord level."

"Then, I’ll break through to sector lord level right away."

Luo Feng closed his eyes…

…

At the same time.

The virtual universe’s thunder island was bustling. The management level members had all come to know of a piece of news…Luo Feng had passed the primal region sky mountain!

"It’s been so long, there’s finally someone from our humanity’s later generation that has passed the sky mountain, and it’s the domain lord level sky mountain." A tall and skinny green armored man with compound eyes sat there. He lifted a glass of wine and sipped, as he complimented.

"This Luo Feng is indeed one favored by the primal chaos city leader, since his capabilities are extraordinary." Another man in a silver robe, bald head and with green engravings on his face smiled and shot a glance over.

These were three knights chatting.

The three of them were all the management level elders of the Virtual Universe Company. Luo Feng’s highest point mission from before was judged by these three.

"Hmph." A short messy green haired man snorted coldly. "This Luo Feng is extremely blood thirsty and selfish. What’s the point of being strong, he may be a calamity in the future. From what I see, we should restrict him as early as possible, stopping his growth!"

"The two of us don’t dare to do so." The compound eyes man mocked. "That’s the disciple of the primal chaos city leader, the strongest in the Virtual Universe Company. With his control…I have to say, Bo Si Wa, you sure got some guts to think about restricting his disciple."

The short man’s expression grew ugly.

Beside him, the silver robed bald man suddenly laughed. "Right, I remember that the moment someone passed the domain lord primal region sky mountain, when he becomes a sector lord…he’ll receive 3 billion points in rewards."

"Hm, there is such a thing." The compound eyes man nodded.

"3 billion points, this Luo feng improved so fast before without much resources. When he becomes sector lord…buying his treasures with these 3 billion points, also with the primal chaos city leader’s instructions, he’ll soar. He’ll become an absolute being just like Ke Di back then." The silver robed bald man complimented.

The compound eyed man and the silver robed man chatted together, it made the other short one unhappy.

They couldn’t be blamed for taunting him, the main thing was during Luo Feng’s highest point mission’s 4th level, the 3 were in conflict. Both of them thought…that being a little selfish was very normal, it would be weird if he wasn’t, and Luo Feng was very fair towards all the other members, they wanted to give him 90-100% completion, and a higher extra bonus after.

This Bo Si Wa however didn’t agree.

He thought Luo feng was very selfish!

He didn’t even question his father, obviously he didn’t care about the Virtual Universe Company. If such a person was nurtured, maybe it will lead to a calamity in the future.

In conflict…

Hence the final decision! The points weren’t high or too low.

"Just wait, I’ve said it, he could very likely be a calamity." The short man said.

"Ah?" The other two just laughed.

During their chat…

They all received a bit of news.

The number of primal region sector lords had risen from 100 to 101, there was a new primal region sector lord…Luo Feng!

"Luo Feng has become a sector lord?" The compound eyes man and the silver robed man both laughed, the short man however simply looked on coldly.