Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 747: Universe Limit

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

After getting the two weapons, the beast god armament and the Shi Wu wings, Luo Feng left the city leader’s residence excitedly and returned to his own quiet training quarters. The moment he got back…he immediately connected to the virtual universe network.

Virtual universe Yu Xiang mountain primal region.

"Your majesty, did you request for the nutrition cabin to be sent to primal chaos city?" A clear voice resounded on the screen.

"Yes." Luo Feng sat at his desk and nodded, "Send it as soon as possible."

"Yes."

After which the call ended.

Luo Feng revealed a smile, with different position, one’s authority was different too. Back when he first came to primal chaos city, he had mostly always had to listen to orders. Things like sending the nutrition cabin etc, the service wouldn’t be this good, sending it personally to primal chaos city. Now it was different…his position was much higher than a primal region sector lord.

"Nan shen 7 forms." Luo Feng waved his hand and a thick book flew out from the book shelf, landing on the table before him. As for the laptop, he tossed it on a small table beside his sofa.

"I had only briefly seen through the 4 techniques before, never really studying them. Now that I’ve completed the 1st form’s scale formation, I know more about the beast god path, naturally, it’s time to learn how to use it." Luo Feng flipped open the thick book. It was half a meter thick, every page however was extremely thin, the 1st volume alone was close to 10,000 pages long.

The 1st 1/3 pages of the 1st volume was information related to studying the laws, mostly on how to train the scale formation.

The remaining 2/3rds was about the 4 techniques and their usage.

The 1st beast god transformation was the easiest to learn. As long as one understood the laws, it could be learnt. However, it was still one of the ultimate paths!

And it was an extremely important one!

This particular move Xi Luo Duo made had let Luo Feng understand a big secret of the universe!

According to Xi Luo Duo:

Using one’s body to 100% perfection is something all undyings can do. A true absolute warrior however…can totally exceed that limit! For example, using 200% to 300% strength instead.

Like Luo Feng, his golden horned beast’s natural ability strengthen was strengthening in overall, of which his body strength would double as well.

And deities of the world, it was an extremely valuable technique. The moment it was unleashed, the golden horned beast would shrink and its muscle and bone density would increase at a shocking rate. This would make his strength rise by a few times…the highest was the legendary 36 times.

These were all special techniques used to instantly raise one’s strength!

And the body’s universe limit was a 100 times! Whether it was through techniques or any other method, the highest was still 100 times.

Same theory.

The spirit energy amplitude had a universe limit of 100 times! Luo Feng’s however could reach over 3,200…and as the perfect form was only 100, his was over 32 times that. And according to what he deduced…the final goal of the demon note inheritance was probably 100 times amplitude!

…

100 times, this was the universe limit.

There was no way to exceed that!

Completing the Deities of the world would increase one’s amplitude to 36 times, and according to Luo Feng’s inherited memories, other than the 1 golden horned beast that created deities of the world back then, the other generations of beasts never ever completed the 3rd level. Very few even made great progress in the 2nd level.

Amplitude of 36 times, it was extremely tough.

Beast god transformation only had 6 levels.

The 1st would amplify 2 times.

The 2nd, 4 times.

The 3rd, 8 times.

…

The 6th, 64 times!

This meant that the great Xi Luo Duo, a being invincible amongst anything below a universe master, could at most amplify his strength 64 times when he unleashed the beast god transformation. Not even mentioning 64 times…simply being able to reach the 5th level of 32 times alone was already incredible.

…

It could be seen that reaching the universe limit was extremely tough, whether it was the soul amplitude or body amplitude, or not even reaching the limit. Just reaching 50 times…that was enough to stand over countless absolute beings.

Demon note inheritance, many emperor level undyings would go receive the inheritance. Even with such an encounter, many were unable to complete even the 1st level! Those without such an encounter would naturally be even weaker.

10,000 soul control technique, it’s pinnacle 10,000 control required one’s spirit energy amplitude to reach 10,000, (100 times). However, even the creator of the technique never completed it, it was but an imagination.

The demon note inheritance had stayed in demon note mountain for a countless amount of time.

Yet none had ever fully completed it!

Hard!

Extremely tough!

The universe limit had held back Xi Luo Duo, the creator of the 10,000 soul control and other countless absolute beings.

And Luo Feng’s golden horned beast body.

It’s true amplifying techniques were Deities of the world and its natural ability strengthen. Of which, deities of the world could amplify his strength 5 times, and strengthen could raise it only 2 times. Hence, using those alone, he could raise his golden horned beast’s strength by only 10 times.

Of course, from the black metal Nameless manual, it made the beast’s cells evolve and strengthen it by 3 times. However, this was a cellular evolution. It was the foundation! Not a technique that amplified.

Like the blood river energy, using it could instantly change the genes of the right claw, making its right claw become almost like the beast god’s, its strength amplifying 11 times from before. However this too was a genetic change, not an amplitude technique.

"Hence genetics and bloodline is very important." Luo Feng thought within.

"With good genes and bloodline, one’s basics would far exceed that of others. Even if there were two sector lord pinnacles, a golden horned beast’s body attack strength will be already 10 times that of a human sector lord pinnacle. Stronger in foundation by 10 times…I have to say, that black metal Nameless manual is incredibly terrifying." Luo Feng couldn’t help but exclaim.

He had acquired that black metal on earth and gotten the incomplete Nameless manual’s 1st level.

Just it’s 1st level alone, its price was immeasurable.

Normally when one reached domain lord or sector lord pinnacle, their bodies would no longer be able to evolve. However, relying on this nameless manual…raising one’s genetic makeup by another 3 times! This wasn’t an instantaneous amplification, but a true evolution of the genes…raising the foundation altogether. This was definitely against the universe laws!

"A manual that goes against the universe laws, it’s a pity there’s only that 1st level." Luo Feng thought. "If I have all 9 levels, this nameless manual…it’s price would far exceed any manual I know of."

The 1st beast transformation was a body amplification, similar to Deities of the world and the demon note inheritance and other amplification techniques.

The 2nd Beast god armament was a technique to use the Beast god armament. This was a true technique Xi Luo Duo had used to dominate the universe, killing many others. It seemed like a simple standard Beast god armament, however in Xi Luo Duo’s hands, it could decimate almost everything dominating trillions of races.

The 3rd technique was the Beast god howl, this was a soul defense technique, and was similar to the Void pagoda Luo Feng studied. However, it was much stronger than that. No matter who it was, as long as he had a soul, it was necessary for them to study soul defense. And Xi Luo Duo was a spirit reader, hence the soul defense technique he created was naturally extremely powerful. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

The 4th was Beast god run, this was used to flee. The universe was vast and mysterious, with many ambushes hidden within. Being strong in battle was one thing, however what truly determined how long one lived was his ability to flee. Like Undying knight, going through countless life or death situations, treating the universe secret regions like his own garden, surviving through everything!

Like the primal chaos guardian, having many separate bodies, this was a survival technique.

Beast god run, if trained well, could raise one’s survival chances by at least 10 times!

4 techniques.

1 for body amplification, 1 for spirit weapon attacks, 1 for soul defense, 1 for fleeing.

"The names of the 4 techniques sure are interesting. Beast god transformation, Beast god armament, Beast god howl and Beast god run, haha. It truly is a manual designed to fully transform one into a beast god." Luo Feng smiled. On his shoulder, Babata suddenly shouted, "Luo Feng, why are there no soul amplification techniques?"

"How would I know." Luo feng shook his head.

He didn’t know…

The beast god was a path of the body. Not a soul path.

Hence, the fusion of the gold and space laws with the final goal of becoming a beast god, it was only a body amplification, it didn’t have any soul amplification.

As for Xi Luo Duo himself, he naturally had other encounters. He knew other soul amplification techniques, the only thing was, they weren’t created by him.

…

4 techniques.

Everyone of them was extremely crucial and profound, and after carefully studying them, Luo Feng was even more shocked. He didn’t even have any thoughts about creating his own techniques. His city leader teacher was right…learn the great techniques of the elders first, and once he had fully comprehended them, through battles and all, he would someday feel they weren’t fully unleashing his strength. Only then would it be a good time to create his own techniques.

He was still learning the basics now, it was better to study these 4 of Xi Luo Duo’s techniques.

Du.

"Luo Feng, there’s a call request." Babata shouted.

"Accept." Luo Feng gently tapped the air and a screen appeared.

On it was a white bearded white robed old man. He was the manager of the primal region, Ai Tuo Er. He bowed slightly and said, "Your majesty Luo feng, There’s a briefcase with a manual here for you."

"Ah?" Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

The city leader had said that he would send someone who would bring the details about the Shi Wu wings.

"I’m coming." Luo Feng immediately closed the call, sou, he flew out of his windows.

He rushed into the skies and headed straight for the entrance of the primal region.

In the blink of an eye, he had arrived.

There at the entrance stood a few maids, Ai Tuo Er the undying stood there too, he held a silver briefcase.

"The standard Beast god armament, my teacher the city leader doesn’t care too much about. However he did say these Shi Wu wings were a true treasure that hadn’t been seen by the universe yet, who knows what wonders it holds." Luo Feng was very clear that such a treasure would take him an extremely long time to train in to fully understand it, looking at the manual would speed things up a lot more.

"Thanks." Luo Feng landed and received the briefcase.

"Haha, I heard you’ve become a true disciple of the primal chaos city leader. Congratulations." Ai Tuo Er said passionately.

Luo Feng looked at him shocked, this was the manager of the primal region, he sure was well informed.