Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 750: Luo Feng’s Bug Army

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Primal universe, Virtual Universe Company headquarters.

It was an extremely vast continent, bigger than even the Laos world of the gold horn race. This, was the Virtual Universe Company’s headquarters!

"Rumble…" Within the core, two heavy doors automatically opened, revealing a magnificent pathway.

This was the universe pathway!

It connected the primal universe with the actual universe, a ship flew through and later accelerated…within a few minutes, it finally landed at a gathering spot.

Hua! The cabin door opened.

"Your majesty Luo Feng, please."

"Your majesty Luo Feng."

Everyone else standing at the entrance was incredibly passionate and humble towards him, even the two emperor level undyings stood at the side and allowed him to pass first! The news of every disciple of the primal chaos city leader was made public, and their position was incredibly high. Luo Feng’s authority naturally stood above many emperor level undyings now.

He stepped out and landed on the ground.

"Your majesty Luo feng, this way please, we will swiftly leave the headquarters. And along this way…you will find the gathering spot 3 space." The host of the universe ship guided him passionately.

"Thank you." Luo Feng smiled.

"No problem." The host said.

Luo feng turned and walked alone towards the pathway that headed towards the 3rd gathering space.

…

As he walked along, Luo Feng easily crossed hundreds of thousands of km every second, after a few minutes, he reached the pathway.

"Wow." Luo Feng looked at the screen before him. He couldn’t help but exclaim, "36 fixed space pathways!"

These 36 pathways were headed in 36 different sections of humanity’s territories. One had to know that the costs of god country teleportation were incredibly shocking, and these fixed pathways connected the headquarters to many regions, as many undyings frequently used these. As the demand was huge, it had become the norm.

Since the costs were much lower, even those able to use god country teleportation would rather use these pathways. Saving money!

Luo Feng naturally didn’t lack money, he was even nurturing 3 star eating plants and a cloud contact vine, and he had successfully made the 100 vine star eating plant breakthrough to undying. He was able to use god country teleportation. It was a pity the time it had become undying had been too short, he hadn’t left any markers about the universe, hence he couldn’t use it to teleport to other areas.

"Hm! With the 100 vine plant breaking through to undying, I can make a few hidden undying crystals from the plant." Luo Feng thought. "In dire times, I’ll be able to teleport to these places."

"Your majesty Luo feng?"

A smartly dressed green skinned man walked over from afar, his body emanated powerful life energy.

"Hm? Undying?" Luo Feng looked at him curiously. Most of the staff around were all sector lords or domain lords, there were very few undyings sent here to do work. From the looks of it…he should be the head of the staff here.

"Your majesty has requested to be sent to the 9th division, we received the news long ago. Hence I, Pupuka, have been here waiting for you. Please follow me." The green skinned man smiled.

"Thank you." Luo Feng smiled.

"Haha, no problem." After getting Luo Feng’s thanks, this Pupuka who was in charge of the 3rd gathering spot was all smiles. He passionately led Luo Feng to a space pathway. The space pathway…from a glance, was just like a rippling water screen.

"9th division, it’s the closest to Wu Long starfield." Pupuka said passionately.

Luo Feng nodded.

He stepped through the water screen.

…

The space pathways were using the god countries and teleportation points. These undyings had given up their god countries, of course…even under such circumstances, their god countries were kept incredibly safe.

Through the space pathway, in an instant, they travelled over a hundred million light years. After which Luo Feng sat in the Yun Mo planet ship and began to head to Wu Long starfield.

Within the control room.

Luo Feng was sipping some wine, pondering.

"While travelling at a steady 50 times light speed, in half a month, we’ll arrive at Wu Long starfield." Babata said.

"Hm."

Luo Feng nodded, sending his consciousness into the virtual universe network.

…

Virtual universe Yu Xiang mountain Primal region, sitting before his desk, he gently tapped the screen on his laptop.

"Purchasing 10,000 sector lord pinnacle bug clan corpse units."

"Confirm."

"With a 60% discount, it costs 60 million points."

"Points deducted."

Luo Feng looked at his remaining points, he only had 180 million points left, he couldn’t help but exclaim at his lack of points. However…these were meant to be used in crucial times. Hence, buying the 10,000 sector lord pinnacle bug corpse units was already something he had planned long ago.

"Du!"

"Your majesty Luo Feng, you just purchased 10,000 sector lord pinnacle bug corpse units. Where should we send it to?" A voice resounded from the screen.

"I will go directly to Wulong to starfield to pick them." Luo Feng said.

After which he closed the call.

Luo Feng revealed a smile, disconnecting from the virtual universe.

Within his vast internal world.

Bug clan island.

Countless 30m tall sector lord pinnacle tiger armored bugs lived on this island. There were also few 20m tall, streamlined Hunting mantis kings, and even fewer 6m tall Shadow spear kings! And right in the center of the island, was an over 1,000m tall mother nest.

Sou!

Mosha Luo feng appeared in mid air and floated above the island.

"Alina." Luo Feng gazed downwards.

"Master." A beam of light shot out from the mother nest, it was the absolute beauty bug clan queen Alina.

Rumble!

Millions of sector lord pinnacle bugs all knelt down respectfully, showing their respect to Luo Feng.

"There are 3 million tiger armored bugs, 10,000 hunting mantis kings and 1,000 shadow spear kings." Black clothed Luo Feng smiled, "Alina, you’ve done well."

"Working for master is my honor." Her voice was gentle.

Luo Feng nodded.

The last time he came to Wu Long starfield he had taken away 400 units of sector lord bug corpses, of which 300 units were taken when he was ambushed. Those however weren’t considered top tier! It could at most produce about over 3 million tiger armored bugs, and the 100 units he had bought was the best, it could produce close to 1.8 million tiger armored bugs.

With the 2 combined!

He finally managed to get 3 million tiger armored bugs, 10,000 hunting mantis kings and 1,000 shadow spear kings.

The number of soldiers the bug clan queen could control was limited. For example, if she wanted to control all of them to attack at once, that was not possible. She could at most control 10,000 of them to do it! This was the limit, the moment the number exceeded that, she would be unable to make all of them attack.

As the numbers grew, the control would get more ragged.

When the numbers reached 1 million, the queen could at most control countless soldiers to attack and withdraw, as for the precision…it wasn’t as precise.

If the numbers exceeded 1 million, reaching a few millions and above 10 million!

She would be unable to even gather all of them in one spot.

"10,000 was the limit."

"1 million was another barrier." Luo Feng thought." As long as the soldier numbers are within 10,000, the soldiers would be precise, even infused with laws, akin to humans. When their numbers are within 1 million…it can at most be like a perfect army, coordinated and directed. But, anything over that…it would get messy."

This was also why the undying bug clan queen would never control over 10,000 undying bug soldiers! Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

"Alina." Luo Feng said.

"Master." She replied respectfully.

"I’m prepared to make a million king soldier army." Luo Feng said.

"Bug clan kings, 1 million?" She was shocked.

"Hm." Luo Feng nodded, "Tiger armored kings."

Tiger armored bugs were huge with strong defense and attack.

Compared to the hunting mantis, they were slower. However in other areas, they were comparable. For the million strong army, speed wasn’t a required thing.

"Master, creating 1 sector lord pinnacle tiger armored king, has the cost of creating 100 sector lord pinnacle normal tiger armored bugs." Alina said, "The king’s body is incredibly tough, his strength and attacks are about 10 times that of a normal tiger armored bugs." She said.

If the million strong tiger armored bug army, battled against a 10,000 tiger armored king army.

The million strong army would definitely win!

However…

One hundred million tiger armored bugs army, compared to a million strong king army, the million kings would definitely win. As it exceeds one million…with just Alina controlling everything, she wouldn’t be able to control so many soldiers.

"Master, you are sure you want to make them?" she asked.

"Hm." Luo Feng nodded, "How long will it take?"

"Producing the kings will actually be faster." She said. "As I can easily make endless streams of star and universe levels tiger armored bugs, the burden on me is actually less. It’ll take more time during their killing and massacre process, producing the many sector lord pinnacle tier armored kings! I can probably produce about 100 every day."

"100 a day…The million strong army will take 30 years." Luo Feng nodded.

"Thanks for your work Alina." Luo Feng said.

"No trouble at all." She said happily. "Producing soldiers is a way for the queen to strengthen herself, I’ve never had so many materials before for me to make so many soldiers."

Luo Feng smiled, "The bug corpses will come in about half a month."

The ship continued to progress, after half a month of flying, it finally reached Wu Long starfield.

"Wu Long starfield."

Luo Feng stood within the control room, gazing at the endless vast goods that filled up the entire space. "Million sector lord king army! Also…Mysterious Silver armor! These two are extremely important in my plans, finally…they’ll be in my hands."