Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 753: Cang Bird Star

Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Looking at the Flame god race words, many thoughts appeared in Luo Feng’s mind, the black armor before had the word soldier, this time it was General.

As the imprint disappeared under his skin with his thought, it vanished.

"Let’s feel its strength." Luo Feng thought.

Rumble!

Countless silver threads swiftly expanded from the core imprint, almost like it entered every muscle, and every bit of skin throughout his body, also on the surface of his skin, a silver armor appeared, boots appearing below the soles of his feet. A silver mask and helmet appeared over his head.

Chi…Luo Feng took a deep breath, he could feel pain in every muscle throughout his body, almost like it was being torn apart.

This armor far exceeded the strength of the soldier armor.

With a push, he could already feel the limit of his body being reached…it made it extremely painful.

"I can only trigger about 1,200 times sector lord strength." Luo Feng made his judgment, when one reached his level of strength, it was easy to make such accurate and precise measurements.

"Hm? When I use the soldier armor, I can easy trigger all of the armor’s power…1,000 times sector lord pinnacle." Luo Feng pondered, "And according to the golden horned beast using the armor back then, normal human sector lord pinnacle can use this soldier armor. And I’m 3 times stronger than a normal human sector lord pinnacle! Yet, I can only use 200 times sector lord strength…"

He began to understand.

The further back it got, the harsher the requirements on the body.

…

"Looks like my body is still too weak, the soldier armor fits me better. This general armor…it’s too harsh on my body now." Luo Feng thought, his guess wasn’t wrong, the soldier armor was the most basic armor…it was meant for sector lord pinnacles to use, and this general armor…was for undyings.

Naturally the requirements were much harsher.

"General pearl." With a thought, he forced the General armor out into a pearl, this was a round silver ball, smaller than the soldier one by a little, on it the imprint General could be seen.

"I’ll let the golden horned beast try it. The beast’s body structure is much stronger than my earth body." He thought.

Sou!

He sent the General pearl into his dark red world ring, the mosha body and the main core was hidden in this. This dark red world ring was the one he specially ordered while in primal chaos city, for the sake of safety, he spent 180,000 points.

Within his internal world, a vast grassland.

Howl…The mountain like golden horned beast howled, its voice filled with excitement, it forced out a black soldier pearl and it immediately fell on the grass beside.

After which it raised its majestic head and looked at the little General pearl, it extended its right claw and touched it, immediately… chi chi…the silver pearl entered its body, in an instant, the flame god race word General appeared on its chest and vanished after.

"General armor!"

"Trigger."

The beast’s eyes gleamed with a gold light as it howled.

Rumble…

The imprint within its chest instantly triggered and countless silver threads spread out and covered every part of its muscles, skin, scales, immediately a powerful force spread throughout its body, the shocking amount of strength kept rising…rising…and rising!

1,000 times sector lord strength, 2,000 times! 3,000 times! 4,000! 5,000!

The severe pain spread too, almost like it was tearing apart its muscles.

Howl! The beast let out an enraged howl, even with its body strength, it couldn’t fully trigger the strength of the general armor. One had to know that a normal golden horned beast had 30 times a sector lord’s strength.

Howl…

It howled and immediately unleashed Deities of the world, immediately all its scales, muscles, internal organs and horns began to shrink, its density rising rapidly! As it shrank, the beast continued to trigger the General armor.

Its muscles, bones, scales and horn density kept rising…it was indeed able to withstand the strength of the armor!

6,000! 7,000! 8,000! 9,000! 10,000!

Rumble!

The beast no longer felt the fatigue from the armor, it had been pushed to its limit, and at this time, the beast had shrunk to about 300km long, one had to know that a sector lord pinnacle golden horned beast was usually about 1,000km long.

"Deities of the world had reached amplification of 3.3 times, the beast was about 30 times a normal human sector lord before…a total of 100 times." Luo Feng nodded, "This is about the lowest level of a normal undying, looks like this general armor is for undyings afterall."

"Shrink!"

"Shrink more."

The beast howled and its huge body shrank even more, its muscles, bones, scale density all continued to rise, finally it stopped and it reached the limit of Deities of the world.

Using 2.12 billion points, Deities of the world’s amplification had risen from 5 times back then to 7.5.

"Easy, trigger the armor, chi chi…10,000 times sector lord strength, this is about an official level pinnacle, almost an emperor level." The beast was now about a little over 100km long, still bigger than any mountain on earth, beside it a black clothed Luo Feng appeared, he muttered, "Combined with Sky tearing claw…and the Shi Wu wings teacher gave me, hehe…"

Luo Feng nodded satisfied.

Even though it was still far from his end goal, against a being like his teacher True Yan, he could still be instantly destroyed.

However at least the beast now had reached his short term goal.

"Not bad." Luo Feng nodded satisfied.

The golden horned beast was considered his hidden trump card, after receiving guidance from his teacher the primal chaos city leader, Luo Feng didn’t dare feel proud, his possession of the beast was but an above average encounter, and he had only received 3 billion points, Ke Di had over a 100 billion back then.

Hence it was better to be humble, at least the current him, didn’t have the ability to kill an official level undying with an undying body.

…

After collecting one general armor, Luo Feng didn’t want to end it yet. His earth body may not be able to use the armor yet, but what about the future? He didn’t want to waste more time coming back here again to search for the fragments.

…

Years passed.

His earth body stayed and explored Wu Long starfield, constantly searching for silver armor fragments. The golden horned beast and the mosha clansman continued their training.

In t blink of an eye, he had stayed there for close to 60 years, another 3 months and it would be 6 decades.

"Haha."

"Finally, finally, I’ve finally completed the second general armor." A silver armor appeared on the surface of his skin, he was all smiles, "It gets harder and harder to find more silver fragments."

The efficiency of the search dropped the more he searched.

It took 21 years for him to complete the 1st armor, and another 39 to complete the 2nd.

"I’ve completed 2 general armors, the soldier armor…I’ve collected a total of 58." Luo Feng laughed, "That mysterious shard, I’ve got a total of 9 of them now, it’s a pity I still don’t know what it’s for now. Even though I can feel it’s calling, I cannot absorb it, dripping blood on it is useless too, and the spirit imprint cannot invade it."

Luo Feng shook his head.

9 shards, he didn’t know what they were, at least how to make them recognize him.

With the 2 general armors, 58 soldier armors plus the 1st 2 soldier armors he got during the 1st time he was here, he had a total of 60 soldier armors.

"60 years, I finally got 2 general armors, my other trump card, the bug army now has a king army." Luo Feng smiled.

Within his internal world.

Bug island.

Howl…The completely dark red tiger armored bug about 26 m tall was intrepid and thick, its compound eyes terrifying, in terms of height it was about 4m shorter than a normal tiger armored bug, its size smaller. However whether it was the shell strength, its power or speed, world energy gathering etc…it far exceeded a normal tiger armored bug.

King!

Every tiger armored king had a high cost of production, using universe crystals, it required 2,500 mixed elements! Enough to make a poorer normal undying go bankrupt, of course this was too extravagant.

"If I simply ordered them to be delivered, I’d only be able to produce 1 million kings."

"However, since I personally came to choose the goods and made the deal with the 5 managers, I got twice the number." Luo Feng was happy.

60 years.

Alina had produced a total of 1.5 million tiger armored kings along with 200,000 hunting mantis kings and 200,000 Shadow spear kings, the remaining corpses were used to create normal tiger armored bugs…her production days continued…

"Bug king army." Luo Feng was very excited.

The strong all enjoyed the feeling of leading an army.

The million king army was indeed very powerful. It was at least 10 times stronger than a normal million strong army…one combined attack, if it hit, would even kill an emperor level undying. Of course the chances of it actually hitting was very very low, however with the bug queen commanding them, they naturally had other methods.

"I’ve completed the 2 missions I’ve come to Wu Long starfield for, the General armor and the bug king army."

"Now that everything is settled, it’s time I left Wu Long starfield and headed to the outer region wars."

As Luo Feng left, he was naturally sent off with a luxurious banquet thrown by Long Jue, Qi Li, In Ge, Da Nian and Cang Yu emperor.

"The shortest path from here to the outer region wars is to first head to Cang Bird star." Long Jue emperor said, "That is a logistics base and troop transport point. A large number of the soldiers and many lone wolves wanting to participate in the wars can all head there and be sent out."

Luo Feng nodded.

Since he was at Wu Long starfield, the natural path was to head to Cang bird star and be sent out from there.

"Thank you all for your hospitality, I’ll…be taking my leave." Luo Feng laughed and got up.

"Be extremely careful." Long Jue emperor said.

"The outer region wars are very dangerous, be on alert at all times." Yin Ge emperor emphasized.

"Don’t get careless."

The 5 emperors all reminded him strongly.

"Haha…I will definitely return alive from the outer region wars." Luo Feng laughed, after which he turned and left, taking his ship and heading towards the troop deportation point Cang bird star!