Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 756: Integration

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

The 3 chatted and drank.

At this time, a sector lord walked over. Luo Feng glanced at him, he was a 1m tall punk with a cute round face. There was a green engraving on his cheek, he stood at 1m tall like a child…the armor he wore however was not ordinary.

"Hai, captain, have you pulled them in?" The short sector lord pulled a chair over and sat noisily beside them.

"It’s not that easy, 30% of the new sector lord soldiers are only elites, 0.3% of them are generals…to actually have a general amongst the new recruits is already extremely rare, and these people aren’t easily convinced." Tai Wo smiled, after which he turned to Luo Feng and Rock, "Let me introduce you, this is…"

"I can do it myself."

The short sector lord picked up a glass and poured himself a full glass. Smiling at the two of them, he said, "I am a member of Captain Tai Wo’s team, the sector lord team 026-2089491. You can call me…Poison! I am a chemist, of course…I’m also a sector lord general." F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"Poison? Chemist? Sector lord general?" Luo Feng was shocked.

The strong were mainly made of fighters, spirit readers and illusionists, the 3 great paths. Puppeteers, chemists and beast tamers etc were extremely rare, especially chemists…it was extremely hard to make any progress with it.

Back then during universe level, there was a universe level genius in the Absolute beginning region Yu Feng, he was a chemist!

The chemists could win over people much stronger than themselves.

They were the most dangerous to be underestimated. Even a god had to be careful against one. As their battle strength was determined by their potions.

"There are a total of eight in our team including me, I am an undying. The other seven are sector lord generals, of which two are fighters, two are spirit readers, two are illusionists and one is a chemist." Tai Wo said proudly, "Poison is very important in our team."

"My two new friends, come, let’s toast." The dwarf Poison smiled and lifted his wine glass.

Luo Feng and Rock lifted their glasses.

"Even though my seven members are all generals, they are all those that have gone through countless life or death battles and gotten stronger over time, until they were finally awarded the general position. Only Poison…he was a general when he first came." Tai Wo looked at both of them. "I wonder if you two are willing to join my team? We are still short of two members! For a small sector lord team like ourselves, we are definitely one of the most exceptional, you won’t be disappointed if you join us."

"Tai Wo is a good captain." The dwarf Poison drank his wine and occasionally said a couple of things.

The tall and calm youth nodded, "I, Rock, am willing to join your team."

"Haha, good." The undying Tai Wo was very happy, he turned to Luo Feng, "Will Madman join us too?"

"Hmm…" There were many thoughts within Luo Feng’s mind.

The army had its rules.

Everyone who took part in the wars had to fulfill their own requests, Luo Feng naturally had to do so too! Before accumulating sufficient contribution points, one had to join a group and take orders. Since that was so…joining a more elite sector lord team seemed like a good idea.

"Ok." Luo Feng nodded.

"Haha…" The undying was very happy. He turned to look in the distant corner, using his god energy to communicate, "Come here all of you."

Very quickly, six silhouettes came from distance.

They were of all sizes, some built, some small, some enchanting while others cold and filled with killing aura, and another smiling happily as he looked at the two.

One was over 6 m tall, seemingly made of red rocks with two bent horns on his forehead. There was a rhombus crystal engraved there, he was from the Mother Flame race. Another was enchanting, a lady of the demon lady race covered in fog…the six of them came over, all dragging a chair and sitting about.

The ten of them gathered.

"Let me introduce you." The undying Tai Wo pointed about. "This is the new soldier sector lord general, you can call him madman."

"Madman? Hm, that’s an arrogant nickname." A skeleton like man sat at the side, carrying a silky white furred cat. This cat had purple eyes and seemed to enjoy its owner’s stroking.

"Wei! Don’t pick a fight." The chemist Poison who had already drank a lot frowned as he ordered.

"Wei, Little Chen Chen is right." The demon lady sector lord smiled.

"Don’t call me little Chen Chen?" The dwarf Poison raged. "You can call me by my real name Zhu Chen, not little Chen Chen, I like the name poison too."

"Little Chen Chen is angry." The lady covered her mouth and laughed.

Poison looked helplessly at her, continuing to drink his wine.

The captain Tai Wi laughed at the scene and pointed at the tall youth, "This is another Sector lord general, you can call him Rock."

"Madman and Rock." Tai Wo said, "You already know Poison, let me introduce the others to you.

"Demon lady is an exceptional illusionist, very few sector lord warriors can escape her illusions. You should both know…that the demon lady race all have exceptional enchanting abilities." At this time, the lady engulfed in fog smiled. Even though it made her face unclear, it made her seem even more mysterious.

"Tornado, a powerful fighter."

The expressionless masked fighter with pointy ears glanced at them without saying anything.

"Mad Wu, spirit reader."

The smiling purple haired man nodded at them.

"God is this white armored punk, despite knowing the dangers, he still wears the most glaring white armor. He calls himself God, haha…he’s another spirit reader."

The white armored man with white scales on his head smiled brightly like the sun, he gave off a feeling of warmth. It made Luo Feng deduce that this was definitely a sector lord trained in the light laws, and his comprehension level must be pretty high.

"Wei, is this boney fellow with the cat, the cat which had explored the universe for so many years was taken in by him. However Wei cannot be underestimated, he is an illusionist too, his soul attack is very strong."

Wei who hugged the cat only snorted as he glanced at the two of them.

"The last one, you can call him Hammer. He’s a very steady and solid person from the Mother Flame race, and also a powerful fighter."

The 6 m tall Mother flame race sector lord Wei smiled at the 2 of them.

Poison, Demon lady, Tornado, Mad Wu, God, Wei and Hammer, these were the seven members of the team. They were all sector lord generals, definitely warriors that had survived countless battles.

"I’m a spirit reader." Luo Feng said.

"I’m a fighter." Rock said.

From then on, the little team had two new members.

After Luo Feng sent the request, he joined team 026-208941.

The next few days, Luo Feng and Rock would listen to stories and advice from the older soldiers. Even though both of them had background, they listened intently.

…

"What, allied forces?" Rock was shocked.

"Right, Allied forces. The main participants in this war are of course the 4 pinnacle races. However, all of them have other allied races. If we enter a battlefield, we will meet other allied forces, even though they are from other races, they are still our partners. Relax…the virtual universe system will tell you if they are our allies. If they don’t…just kill them!"

"Ah." Rock was stunned.

Luo Feng sat quietly, allied forces? As a pinnacle race, humanity naturally had many subservient races, like the gold horn race! These races would naturally go to war too, Luo Feng knew about this long ago.

…

"The battlefield is cruel with high death rates, exceeding over 95%?" Rock was shocked again.

"Only with a high death rate will absolute warriors be trained. Out of 20 new recruits, only 1 usually survives, however it may take up to 20 normal sector lord soldiers to get rid of one elite or even a general. Such high death rates and terrifying battles, plus countless treasures and ability to exchange for manuals etc…it’s made the outer region wars the place where most absolute warriors are forged."

"And is a 95% death rate high? It’s not high, from what I know, every 1,000 eras, there are huge scale battles where countless warriors face off against each other. Even emperor level undyings have to be extremely careful. That death rate is what I consider high, I heard it exceeds 99%! However we cannot engage in such battles frequently, even a pinnacle race would suffer huge losses, every 1,000 eras…it’s still within our limit."

"Huge scale battle? Decisive battle? When will the next be."

"It’s still early."

"Ah." Rock listened obediently.

Luo Feng who sat in the corner frowned, he exclaimed within. "The normal war that goes on already has a death rate over 95%, this is used to forge absolute warriors. It may seem like huge losses, in truth it’s similar to creating a bug clan king, losing large amounts of normal sector lords to create one powerful one…their chances of breaking through to undying are much higher."

Long periods of brutal war, that was training.

And every 1,000 eras, a huge decisive battle, that was called the Race Meat grinder.

…

After staying in the base for 8 days, Rock learnt of many new things that totally shocked him. Luo Feng however remained very calm, he had naturally learnt most of this online before. However regarding the main experiences on the battlefield itself, he too had to listen to them.

On the battlefield…there were countless other race warriors, with all sorts of strategies and methods. Undyings were hidden throughout, even emperor level undyings could easily fall, how could he be careless?

They stayed until the 9th day!

This little sector lord team with its new members finally departed and headed to the battlefield.