Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 768: Annihilation

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"Fu Wei San, this little punk is stronger than before." The stronger looking scaled undying suddenly brandished a 3m long flame red blade as he spoke.

"I’ll handle the human undying, you settle that chemist! All children kill the human sector lords." A 100m long chain appeared in his hands as flames burned about it, that chain was like a black fire dragon dancing in space.

"Understood." The other undying laughed.

"Kill!"

"Kill!"

The manic little sector lord scaled beings all wielded their weapons and clashed with the humans.

…

The most intense battle was without doubt Poison against the stronger looking scaled undying Tuo Lu.

"Rumble…" 72 gold vines madly rushed at Tuo Lu, the surrounding space was torn apart but Tuo Lu maintained his manic laughter. He instantly unleashed his law domain, causing countless flames to fill the area. They burned the vines and even Poison himself.

"Go and die!!!" Poison howled, bearing with the flames.

"Haha, little punk, you think you can use the plant life form to kill me at sector lord level?" Tuo Lu smiled manically. The scales on his face shifted as he attacked the vines about him ferociously.

The fiery blade kept flashing!

Almost like a huge fire wheel, it knocked away the large amounts of vines around even knocking away the gold membrane and slashing through one of the vines. Some of the gold membranes that were torn apart quickly regrew new ones.

Under the attack of the huge fire wheel, the many gold membranes began to dissipate and the vines were being cut.

"Howl." The dark green vine let out a painful thought.

"Ah Mo, Ah Mo, give it your all. Even if we die, we have to kill him, kill him." Poison’s expression was manic. The plant life form was extremely loyal, the moment it recognized its owner, it would die along with him. Since the owner was giving his all…this plant would naturally not hesitate!

Rumble…gold membrane vines pierced through the space and wrapped about Tuo Lu.

There were vines being cut all around, however they would join with the broken pieces, its regenerative speed was quite fast. However…everytime it got cut, the damage to the plant was huge.

"Ah Mo, Ah mo." Poison howled.

Powerless!

He could feel…against this ugly scaled undying, he was disadvantaged.

"I’m still not strong enough. Even though I’ve successfully killed an undying before, that was one that used a large hammer, he had no way to cut Ah Mo. He was finally worn out by Ah Mo." Poison teared as he stared hard at the enemy, roaring within, "7th brother, 7th brother, I will definitely kill him, definitely!"

…

Poison’s battle was very intense, however the other old members were just as fatigued.

Everyone of them had 2-3 sector lords attacking them. These beings were bloodthirsty and intrepid. Maybe alone they were no match for the humans, but with 2 to 3 of them together, it wore out the members.

"Illusions have little effect on them." Demon lady said anxiously.

Hammer wielded a shield and large hammer, protecting her beside him, "These flesh eating freaks, their home is filled with massacre. They’ve been killing since young and have grown up in such an atmosphere. They’ve long become used to such a demeanor, it’s in their bones. Hypnotizing them is hard, we can only kill!"

"I’ve killed one." Mad Wu was in a dangerous place too, he was being attacked by 4 of them at a time.

"Harming them is useless." Rock said urgently. "Damaging them is useless."

"Rock, if you don’t destroy their life core, even if their bodies explode, they can reform. The moment you pierce their bodies, you have to destroy their life core." God said anxiously.

The battle reached a crazy level.

"Madman." 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"Madman, help."

"Madman, hurry, Poison is risking his life, he’s in the most danger." The captain Tai Wo was extremely urgent.

Luo Feng gazed about after killing two sector lords. The gold Nan Shen blade instantly became a splendid gold light and tore through space before vanishing.

"Chi!" The gold light appeared and pierced through a sector lord scaled being’s chest, destroying its energy crystal. "Rumble!" Large amounts of items poured out.

"Shua!" The gold light flashed again and another scaled being stared wide eyed with its mouth opened wide, revealing cold fangs, its gaze dimming…

Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua!

Luo Feng used his strength, even though he hadn’t unleashed much, it was still akin to a normal undying’s strength. The Nan Shen gold blade that could pass through the slits of space killed at a shocking speed, 10 sector lord scaled beings were instantly killed within three seconds.

The many scaled bodies floated in space, their internal worlds collapsed and countless items filled the area.

"Madman sure is powerful."

"Powerful."

The other sector lord members couldn’t help but get shocked. It was actually not that easy for an undying to massacre so many sector lords in the battle field. One had to see the type! If a fighter undying wanted to kill 10 sector lords, it would be a troublesome thing. And Luo Feng however used the Nan Shen Blade that was proficient in chasing down and killing others.

"What." The intrepid scaled undying stuck with Tai Wo, Fu Wi San, was shocked to see the distant black armored human, "Nan Shen armament? 9th form?"

"Fu Wei San, there’s one in the team akin to an undying." The other scaled undying Tuo Lu was shocked too, "What do we do?"

"Retreat!" Fu Wei San ordered.

The tables had turned.

The humans now had three undying strengths.

They only had two.

And the human side…had the other sector lords. While they wouldn’t be able to kill them, they could weaken and affect them.

"You can’t run." Luo Feng had just killed 10 sector lord scaled beings in one breath. He immediately controlled the gold blade to rush at the scaled undying Tuo Lu that was fighting the dark green vines.

Xiu!

The gold blade vanished and appeared 300m away, and them immediately 2m behind Tuo Lu.

Pu Chi!

It instantly pierced at his armor, the armor however blocked it. The powerful force within the Nan Shen gold blade caused a huge vibration within his body. His two blades were affected and the dark green vines immediately rushed in, wrapping around the undying Tuo Lu.

"Hm? An undying’s defense sure is strong." Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed in the distance. "Looks like the 1st level of the 9th form doesn’t have much effect."

The Nan Shen armament’s 9th form, A Match against undying.

Could actually be split into 3 levels.

Its power too could be split into passing the heavenly bridge’s 13th, 14th and 15th level.

Of which the 1st level, when unleashed would vanish occasionally…able to travel through the slits of space and re-appear. The distance it could do so was short, only a few hundred meters. The travel distance was very short…hence the attack power was only average, at most harming a normal undying.

Normally unleashing the 1st level was enough to affect an undying, causing him to be unable to chase back. One would be able to survive against an undying.

The 2nd level had a huge increase in power, the distance it could vanish for would get even further.

Both levels had a weakness though. When it travelled through the slits of space it would have law ripples. An undying proficient in space law would be able to sense this ripple and easily dodge and defend against it.

Only the 3rd level!

It’s power increased by leaps and bounds! It’s travel distance would reach over a million km! And only then would its travel reach the level of true teleportation, without a sense of space ripple, making it undetectable! Of course it’s only the weapon being teleported, and that…was obviously much easier than the teleportation of one’s body.

Even so, it was the maximum power of the Nan Shen Armament!

"However it’s obvious that this scaled undying’s space comprehension is very weak. He cannot seem to detect the space ripples." Luo Feng’s gaze flashed coldly.

…

"The Nan Shen armament cannot harm me." The undying Tuo Lu howled, beginning to defend against the dark green vines and flee.

Xiu!

A gold light flashed.

It once again pierced at Tuo Lu’s body. With experience from before, he was filled with confidence, however after that he felt a terrifying force pass through his body, weng…it caused his undying body to shake and make it almost crumble, his hands going completely numb.

Hu…the dark green vines once again wrapped about him.

Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!

72 heavily damaged vines shrank swiftly and became the thickness of an arm, wrapping madly about Tuo Lu.

"Ah ah…" Tuo Lu struggled madly.

However in terms of strength, with the special form of the 72 vines combined, it was much stronger than him.

"Hahaha… go and die." Poison immediately went mad as he howled. "The last undying died just like that, you are set to die."

Ka cha ka cha…

Pa! Pa!

Tuo Lu’s bones were constricted till they broke apart, after which large amount undying energy exploded from within. The 72 vines however had formed a dark green cage covered in gold light, without a single slit, it completely trapped his undying energy within.

If he had reached the level of undying body, he could have disintegrated and slipped out. However he hadn’t reached that level, if the damage was too severe and his spirit imprint was destroyed, that would be the end.

Howl…Pain and rage rang from within the dark green cage, dissipating after awhile.

The undying Tuo Lu had fallen!

"7th brother!!!" Poison raised his head and howled, his throat had gone completely hoarse as tears flowed down his eyes. He knelt before the dark green vines.