Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 771: Special Reward from Demon Race

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

When the Qiu Shi undying Fu Wei San had contacted Lake Ya, Luo Feng and his team was on the way back to their base.

Within the C9 ship’s resting quarters.

"Everybody split the goods."

"We got rid of 20 sector lords and 1 undying this time, there’s plenty of goods. That fallen undying must have many treasures within his world ring. Haha…" Tai Wo laughed, ordering simultaneously, "Mad Wu, you are in charge of checking, whether any of the goods have any hidden spirit imprint of the undying that escaped."

"I’ll check."

Mad Wu took the 6 world rings and checked through each of them. Actually, whenever there were goods from a battle that involved an undying that escaped, they had to check.

The scanning devices were used to check on the battlefield.

The goods had to be checked again.

Hence the chances of falling for a trap was very low. However, no matter how well one’s defenses were, as long as an undying purposely intended to set the trap, one would definitely fall for it. Like if one of the sector lords in Tai Wo’s team had a huge background and he had an item from his teacher. The moment he died, Tai Wo wouldn’t be able to recognize the item either.

However the outer region wars were filled with dangers, there were many that fell, very few that tried to take revenge.

Hence the warriors on the battlefield didn’t care too much.

"No problem." Mad Wu laughed.

"Good, then let’s split the goods." Tai Wo said, "This time, Madman and Poison did the most work, Poison even used a valuable potion, you two can pick first."

"Without madman, I wouldn’t have been able to kill that flesh eating freak, Madman you can go first."

"You go ahead."

Luo Feng sat in the sofa and lifted a wine glass, casually.

…

After splitting the goods, Luo Feng and the others took the C9 chip all the way back to their base, returning to rest within their base. The members all reflected on the battle and used that experience to train and strengthen themselves.

Shatter Stars, within one particular fragment.

The scaled undying Fu Wei San stood alone within, his eyes gleaming with ferocity, "You made me lose 10% of my soul, despicable humans, I’ll make you regret it!"

"What’s up with Lake Ya, I’ve already returned to the base and he still hasn’t contacted his majesty Meng Wei Na?" Fu Wei San was very anxious. As a subservient race, the Qiu Shi race was naturally far below the demon race. Even with the same level of strength, the Qiu Shi race still had to be very respectful of the demon race warriors.

What’s more, Meng Wei Na was from an empire, and he was stronger than him. Even though he really wanted to kill the human team, he didn’t dare go bother him.

"Call?" Fu Wei San revealed a fanged smile, finally a call had come.

"Lake Ya, I’ve waited so long for you to finally contact me." Fu Wei San said happily.

"Hmph, among the empires in the demon clan, the 10,000 Hidden snake clan is renowned to be ruthless. Even though I have some interaction with his majesty Meng Wei Na, calling him randomly would enrage him. Hence, I had to detour a little…just now he agreed to accept your call." Lake Ya said, "This is his number."

Fu Wei San was extremely happy on acquiring the number.

"I’ll contact you once I’ve successfully got him on board." Fu Wei San said.

"If his majesty agrees, I’ll definitely come along." Lake Ya said. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"Then just wait for my good news."

Pa.

Fu Wei San cut off the call and pondered for a bit, saying softly, "The news I heard before should be right. If I’m not wrong, then I’ll have a 100% guarantee of getting his majesty on board." After which he dialed the number and awaited the answer.

In an instant.

"Who’s this?" A hoarse powerful voice resounded, almost like within a deep valley, this voice resounded straight within Fu Wei San’s mind.

It made Fu Wei San to be able to help but think, "The demon clan can at most communicate verbally, but their level of communication can actually emulate normal speaking voices? In terms of technology, it’s much better than our Qiu Shi race. The moment there’s a bit of distance, we’d have to take a ship to pass on the news."

"Great majesty Meng Wei Na, I am from the Qiu Shi race, Fu Wei San." He said, "I believe Lake Ya has already introduced me."

"Fu Wei San? You wish for me to come help you kill the humans?" A thick voice resounded.

"Yes." Fu Wei San said.

"Countless warriors fall in the outer region wars, are we to take revenge for every one of them? Would that still be a war?" The thick voice was somewhat enraged, "Speak, tell me your reasons."

"Your majesty Meng Wei Na." Fu Wei San said respectfully, "I believe my clansman Lake Ya didn’t introduce the human team to you properly, otherwise you wouldn’t be angry. In fact you’d be happy."

"Hm?" The thick voice responded, "Speak."

"That human team has an undying and nine sector lords. Of which two of the nine have strengths akin to a normal undying." Fu Wei San explained.

"Two human sector lords with undying strength?" The thick voice seemed urgent.

"Yes your majesty." The scales on Fu Wei San’s face creased as he smiled satisfied. Looks like the news he heard was right.

"Tell me about these two sector lords." The thick voice ordered.

"Among these two humans, one is a chemist. He’s nurtured a sector lord plant life form, using his potions to make it have undying strength. The other is a spirit reader that uses the Nan Shen Armament. He can actually unleash the 9th form A match against undying, heavily injuring us." Fu Wei San said.

"Good, very good." The thick voice seemed excited, "Fu Wei San from the Qiu Shi clan, from now on, you have become my friend. Of course…you cannot lie to me!"

"Definitely not." Fu Wei san said.

"I heard from Lake Ya that you can determine their location?" The thick voice questioned.

Fu Wei San explained in detail about his guaranteed safe trap. After everything, he said, "Even now I can clearly feel their location."

"Where are they?"

"Their exact universe marker location is…" Fu Wei San explained.

Actually, once the marker was too far away, even though an undying would be able to roughly feel its location, they wouldn’t be able to tell the exact coordinates. However Shattered stars had a diameter of 0.8 light years, an emperor level undying with teleportation could easily travel end to end, the distance was simply too short.

Luo Feng and his team’s base wasn’t even 0.1 light years away from Fu Wei San, thus he could clearly feel their location and determine their coordinates.

"That’s within shattered stars, there are many human powers gathered within." The thick voice said, "We cannot risk entering."

"Ah." Fu Wei San was stunned, "Your majesty, as long as we are careful…"

"No."

The thick voice said, "We have to wait until they leave the area of the humans. Only then can we make our move."

Fu Wei San could only reply, "Yes."

PA!

The call was cut off.

Within the dark fragment, Fu Wei San sat crossed legged. He used his claws to scratch the rocks below, while roaring, "The 10,000 Hidden snakes clan is ruthless yet careful, the rumores sure were right indeed. Hmph! Looks like we can only wait, I believe they’ll leave their nest quickly."

"At least I succeeded in getting this demon on board."

"The news I heard was right, amongst the demons, killing genius humans had extra rewards." Fu Wei San was very proud.

…

The overall talent of humans was weaker than the demons.

Hence it was extremely rare for a human sector lord to have the power of an undying. And it was so few that within the 7th battlefield’s entire 26 camp, one could easily count them with one hand. And their enemy, the demon race had special rewards for their warriors when they killed human geniuses.

The 10,000 Hidden snakes clan was simply one of the empires, there were many more powerful ones above them!

Hence, Meng Wei Na, as a relatively normal undying within the clan with not many resources would get so excited about the reward of killing two human geniuses.

Under his orders, the Qiu Shi race’s two undyings, Lake Ya and Fu Wei San headed to a gathering spot.

The three of them gathered.

They stuck together and awaited the human sector lord team to come out. The moment they left the area of where many of the human forces had gathered, they could make their move.

"It’s been eight days already, why aren’t they coming out?"

"Fu Wei San, are you sure your item hasn’t been found, they may have purposely left it there."

"Relax, it definitely wouldn’t be found. My item was hidden within the slits of a weapon. Unless they destroyed the weapon…could it be that they madly destroyed all weapons?"

"Be quiet and wait!"

The undying team were like hunters, patiently waiting for the chance to arrive.

…

Shattered stars, within Luo Feng’s team base.

"We’ve rested for fifteen days this time. This is five days more than the previous time. I’m sure everybody’s well rested." Tai Wo smiled.

The tall and sturdy Mother flame race Hammer said with his thick voice, "My hammer is already starving."

"I still lack a lot of points." The illusionist Wei said, rubbing the cat on his stomach.

The members all got up.

After resting for so long, they were ready for battle.

"It’s been half a year, I’ve got a good grasp of the outer region wars already." Luo Feng thought. "Should I follow this team for long? Accumulating points with them is simply too slow. If I went out alone, I could totally go hunt undyings and some even more powerful undyings."

"However before the 1 billion points are accumulated, I’m not free and have to follow the army’s arrangements."

Luo Feng pondered.

"Haha, we managed to kill an undying the last time, I hope this time we can get a similarly huge reward." Tai Wo’s eyes gleamed as he ordered, "Let’s go."

Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!

All the members swiftly followed the deep pathways out and flew into space, after which they took their C9 ship and once again began their journey of massacre…