Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 774: Quick End

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Against the engulfing golden leaves from all directions, Meng Wei Na of the 10,000 Hidden snakes fought madly to defend himself. Every time his snake tail whipped about, it would be infused with space laws that knocked the surrounding leaves away, even destroying part of it.

"I can’t get away, I can’t get away." He was extremely worried, his one eye gleaming with madness, "There’s no other hope, I can only call for help and hope for the close by allies to rush over. I have to hold out until they get here. I can do it!"

"Distress signals, there’s a human sector lord with an undying star eating plant!"

While Meng Wei Na was struggling against the undying plant, he was constantly sending out distress signals.

…

Similar to humans, when the demon clan warriors sent out distress signals, it would swiftly be transmitted via their communication systems to the surrounding ten billion km area to their allies. Ten billion km was relatively small, with light speed at 300,000 km per second, it would take about half a day for anyone within the ten billion km away to get here. And Luo Feng and his team were only two days out from their base.

Half day was only the distance of the diameter, if they were spread out even further.

Allies, how many were there?

"There’s a sector lord human with an undying star eating plant." This news was swiftly spread throughout the groups amongst the demon race.

"Undying star eating plant, going there would be suicide."

"Who’d go."

"Unlucky fellow."

"Poor thing."

"So unlucky."

"Hehe, for a human sector lord to have an undying star eating plant, looks like his background must be huge. Killing him should have extra rewards. It’s a pity, you’d have to be extremely powerful to do it, haha, I wont commit suicide." The large amount of warriors in the demon clan all received the news and simply scoffed at it.

There were afterall very few in shattered stars that could mess with an undying star eating plant.

…

However, there were still seven teams that rushed over in the area.

"It should be some genius of humanity." Within the ship, a wolf head man with a human body smiled, "He must have some background to have an undying star eating plant. However no matter what…he’s still from another race! Haha, the stronger the genius, the more achievement I get when I kill him."

The man sat high above.

Below him were eight other demon puppets, and below them were even more demon puppets gathered about respectfully. It was obvious that the close to hundred puppets right below represented the sector lords.

The leader of this team was very well known within shattered stars. He was called Cocoon Wolf official, and he was an official level undying.

Shattered stars, even though many warriors had gathered there, there were very few official level undyings there. Also, it was obvious that this official level undying was afraid of death, not daring to head out to other dangerous regions, staying within shattered stars. But here…this team was considered extremely powerful.

In space, within the star like star eating plant, the over 10km long Meng Wei Na was struggling hard to break free.

"Hm?"

Luo Feng gazed at him struggling for five seconds and frowned. "This is trouble, my undying star eating plant only has 100 vines, and it’s only as strong as a pinnacle level general. Anything stronger than that 10,000 Hidden snakes member will be trouble. Even though I can bind that guy, I cannot kill him within a short amount of time, I need quite some time to grind him to death."

"No."

"He will definitely call for help."

"Once time drags, the nearby warriors of the demon race will rush over. Even though the chances of those brave enough to face an undying star eating plant is very low. I cannot take the risk." Luo Feng instantly made his decision. "Using the Nan Shen Armament will be hard for me to kill this undying general pinnacle demon."

"I’ll use the soldier armor." Luo Feng thought.

A black armor instantly extended about him and formed his helmet along with a complete armor. The armor was streamlined and the power from this mysterious armor coursed through out his body. A strength that was total of 1,000 times a normal human sector lord pinnacle, and akin to the body of an official level undying coursed through his body.

"Clang." A silver blade with blood red around its edges appeared in his right hand.

In his left a silver six edged shield.

"Kill!" Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed coldly.

Xiu!

He became a beam of light and rushed straight at Meng Wei Na.

"Madman."

"Madman is a fighter?"

"That, that…" Tai Wo and the others had just awoken from the shock of seeing an undying star eating plant. They were even more shocked as they saw him take on the form of a fighter, with a shield and blade.

"A sector lord able to use the Nan Shen Armament to that level, he’s actually a fighter?" Poison’s eyes stared wide eyed.

"A fighter."

Tai Wo communicated seriously, "And a very powerful one, even more than his Nan Shen Armament control, his instantaneous speed earlier was even faster than my full speed."

"What?"

The members were all shocked.

…

Countless gold leaves wrapped about as Luo Feng rushed forward, he ordered, "Star eating plant, use your leaves to wrap about, I don’t want the captain to see my battle with him."

"Yes master." The undying plant sent a thought back. Right away, countless gold leaves moved and completely blocked the captain and the others from watching. Simultaneously, Luo Feng used his scanning device to jam all other signals about, he didn’t want them to witness his battle to prevent more trouble.

Xiu!

Luo Feng became a black blur and instantly reached Meng Wei Na.

"Human." Meng Wei Na was happy within. "If you didn’t have this plant, how could you be my match. Yet now you actually come to me." His terrifying ice aura expanded throughout and large amounts of water droplets moved, freezing occasionally and flowing at other times.

The icy energy spread over 10,000 km and Luo Feng instantly rushed in.

"Hmph!" His eyes gleamed, "Law domain, what a joke!"

Rumble!

He used his world projection and the space around it instantly warped into an endless vast grassland. Even the law domain of Meng Wei Na crumbled instantly under the pressure!

"How can this be?" His eyes were filled with shock as he let out an ear piercing scream in demon race language.

A world projection actually crushed a law domain?

How powerful was this internal world for it to have such a world projection.

Some golden horned beasts that chose to rely on universe crystals to evolve had internal worlds with diameters of 30 million km at sector lord pinnacle. The world projection of such an internal world was completely able to match a law domain. Luo Feng’s internal world right now was over 90 million km!

In terms of size, it was 27 times bigger!

The power of the world projection was much stronger. Back then when his internal world was 60 million km in diameter, it was already able to suppress a law domain, now it could completely crush it.

"I’ll settle this fast." Luo Feng was fast as lightning.

"Howl…" Meng Wei Na’s six muscular wings flapped. He rushed forward and opened his mouth, forming a few km wide huge mouth. Using his law power to swallow, he caused the surrounding space to warp.

This ferocious swallow!

Rumble!

The surrounding space completely crumbled and countless space fragments were sucked into his mouth. The black armored Luo Feng that was rushing in could feel the terrifying force as well.

"Die." Meng Wei Na’s eye gleamed with madness.

"What a joke." Luo Feng squinted his eyes.

Rumble!

His speed soared as he became a black beam of light and rushed straight at his mouth, waving the blood shadow blade in his hand. The instant he waved it…the surrounding space seemed to be torn apart almost as if there was a giant splitting it, forming a huge slit without a sound.

The blade flashed and slashed over 10,000 km, splitting the space in two.

A beautiful flash, it made others shudder.

Silence…

Meng Wei Na maintained his open mouth manic position, his eye however was filled with fear, after which, his head was sliced right through the middle and his entire body was split in two, as large amounts of his organs spilled out.

He was sliced clean in two!

Illusionary 7 blades, Dutchman’s pipe!

"Clang!" Luo Feng shook the blade and looked at Meng Wei Na split in two, "You should be honoured to be killed by the Dutchman’s pipe."

Simultaneously, countless gold leaves wrapped about and instantly held on to the two pieces of his body. Even though he was split in two, he still wasn’t dead. But the only thing was… that moment, his body pieces were wrapped up by the countless gold leaves, with countless teeth like blades chomping down, he didn’t have any chance of survival.

In the blink of an eye, Meng Wei Na was swallowed by the countless mad gold leaves. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

"Using the soldier armor I roughly have the strength of an official, my law comprehension level however has long reached official level." Luo Feng sighed. "Even though I didn’t use the beast god presence to unleash the strongest move of the illusionary 7 blades Burial, just the Dutchman’s pipe alone is at official level already."

"My world project completely suppressed him."

"Splitting him in two is only natural."

…

The fully bloomed star eating plant began to shrink swiftly and become a very small plant, entering through Luo Feng’s shoulder.

Tai Wo and the others were still reeling from the shock.

"Sou." Luo Feng carried the blood shadow blade on his back and flew back.

Looking at the fighter like Luo Feng, the rest of the team couldn’t help but shout out in shock, "Madman, you…"

"We’ll talk later, that demon undying definitely called for help, we have to go." Luo Feng said.

"Hm, let’s go." Tai Wo finally calmed down.

The other members could only hold in all their shock and questions, immediately flying swiftly into a C9 grade ship, becoming a beam of light and tearing through space.