Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 777: Nuo Lan Shan?

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Yan Ji Continent was the main huge continent surrounded by many other large fragments. Even though some of them are called fragments, some of them still require close to two months to completely fly past, one could only imagine how huge they were.

"Sou!" The black disc flew above a fragment.

"It sure is huge." Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Luo Feng stood in the control room and gazed at the vast endless continent below, "It’s just a fragment and yet I can’t see the end of it."

"Luo Feng, according to the marker on the map, the main continent is named number One, we are currently flying over number Nine, and its largest diameter is about 900 billion km. The path we are taking right now is near 700 billion km mark, even if we maintain a speed of 290,000 km per second, it’d still take us a month to pass this area." Babata’s voice resounded within the control room.

Luo Feng nodded.

Actually while in shattered stars, Luo Feng’s team had always flown about at light speed within a few days’ distance. However, this continent number Nine required a month to completely fly through, it was suitable to be a battlefield for warriors.

"An undying led army?"

"Hm? Hehe, this is the dark scarlet race, this is the first time I’ve seen one, it’s as cute as those in my inherited memories. Just from its appearance, it’s hard to imagine that they are truly terrifying."

"Hm, an official level undying?"

While flying above continent Nine, through his scanning device, Luo Feng could clearly see the many teams around his 1 billion km area. As he guessed, this continent Nine…even though it was just a fragment, it was huge and had many warriors hidden within.

The many teams of other race warriors, their levels were clearly much stronger than Shattered stars, at least the undyings were frequently seen.

Luo Feng was dazzled by it.

After awhile, he didn’t bother to check up on every team, only ordering, "Babata, you’ll be in charge of the scanning device, let me know if anything happens." He returned to his resting quarters. That room was made of F9 alloys, of course it was one from his majesty Meng Wei Na after countless years of battle.

…

After flying for half a month over continent Nine.

In the resting quarters.

Luo Feng sat crossed legged.

"Luo Feng, Luo Feng." Babata shouted out urgently from within.

"What’s up?" Luo Feng asked.

"Hurry and come to the control room." Babata said.

"You are purposely hiding something." Luo Feng smiled and walked out towards to control room.

The external simulator was on within the control room. Luo Feng looked down and was shocked, "Babata, why have you stopped the ship? We planned to enter the main continent, but why are you stopping in the air above continent Nine?"

"Hehe." Babata laughed weirdly.

Weng!

A screen appeared before Luo Feng and on it was a human image. He was dressed in a dark green armor with pointy ears, and his eyes were gleaming with red light like a venomous snake, the image gave others a chill.

"Nuo Lan Shan?" Luo Feng was shocked, "Babata, why are you showing me his picture, don’t tell me…"

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

"Hehe, congratulations, you’ve guessed right." Babata said proudly.

"You’ve really found him?" Luo Feng was shocked. Even now he still didn’t dare to believe it, how huge was the outer region wars, even though he flew through the large areas and scanned everything, it was still just a small portion of the entire battlefield.

And he actually found Nuo Lan Shan, this was fate!

"The ship was flying in the air above continent Nine with the scanning device turned on. Even though there were few human teams, there was nothing special. Just now however, it suddenly discovered Nuo Lan Shan and I immediately recognized the signal, hence I stopped the ship. Back then in order to get the treasures of earth, he used many underhanded tactics, you and your family almost died at his hands." Babata said. "And now to be able to meet him here, according to what the earthlings say…it’s divine intervention!"

"Hm." Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed coldly.

Nuo Lan Shan, back then he had sent a star level team to earth to use force to threaten earth, during which many humans had died and he forced the elites of earth out of their bases, and destroying the many bases as threats. Luckily Luo Feng became the leader of earth at the right time and used the Black Dragon Mountain laws to force him away.

The Nuo Lan Shan family was dissatisfied and secretly sent a special elite team to swiftly capture all of earth’s leaders along with Luo feng’s wife Xu Xin, and his brother Luo Hua as hostages.

His many tactics failed.

He even sent two universe level warriors over, of which one died and another became Luo Feng’s soul slave.

Finally, because of the incident in the world within a world, Luo feng had gotten a powerful warrior to kill Nuo Lan Shan. He however had fled in fear and come straight to the outer region wars.

Many things happened back to back, if even one of them had gotten messed up.

If Luo feng had become the earth’s leader later, earth would have been reduced to nothing with countless killed or injured.

If Luo Feng hadn’t successfully saved his family, they would have probably died tragically.

"Nuo Lan Shan!" Luo Feng was filled with killing intent. "We haven’t met in over 4,000 years, I wonder how strong you’ve gotten."

"Babata." Luo Feng ordered, "Scan where Nuo Lan Shan is and project it."

"Yes."

A screen appeared immediately in mid air and it displayed a shocking battle scene. On one side was humans with two undyings, around 200 sector lords, close to 2,000 domain lords and close to 20,000 universe levels. The other side was the demon race led by one demon undying. It was a completely scaled undying with four thick hooves, it had a layer of thin armor over its body and two malevolent heads, one of which had gold eyes and another had silver.

This powerful demon undying was fighting against and suppressing the two human undyings.

Simultaneously, the sector lords, domain lords and universe levels of the demon race ranging in the thousands had all sorts of appearances. The smallest was at 10m long while the largest reached 32 km. With thousands of them, their power completely suppressed the human side.

Among the close to 200 sector lords on the human side, there was one human silhouette…Nuo Lan Shan!

"Sector lord level 3?"

Luo Feng gazed down from the control room, however he could only see mist and not the battle scene itself, after which he looked up through the projection and mocked. "They had sent a distress signal straight to him."

Distress signals were sent to all surrounding allies within an area of 10 billion km.

Luo Feng realized his distance from the battle wasn’t even one hundred million km. However, as his scanning device was advanced, it had blocked off any other party from scanning him…hence they couldn’t detect him. However the human side had the army system which informed them of when any allies were close by.

"Luo Feng, an undying from the battle below is requesting a call." Babata said.

"Accept it." Luo Feng nodded. "Send it to my arm quantum computer."

The screen displayed a white robed man who had an urgent expression, "Ally, please help us, my scanners cannot detect you but the army system has detected your marker. You should be stronger than us, and with us two undyings, we should be able to deal with the demon undying. Please come and help us, we can barely hold on. The weaker universe, domain lord and sector lords are all crumbling and fleeing in all directions, the sector lords may be able to flee but the universe and domain lord levels have very low chances. We are all humans, please help."

"Hm." Luo Feng nodded.

Pa, he closed to call.

"That Nuo Lan Shan sure is crafty." Luo Feng looked at the situation of the battle. "At sector lord level 3, he naturally won’t deal with the sector lord pinnacle warriors himself. Naturally the other sector lords will help him, hmm, looks like his relations with the others are not bad."

"If this goes on, he may escape. And many universe and domain lord levels may die." Luo Feng shook his head.

A black armor swiftly extended through his body, a black helmet covered his head and boots covered his feet. Simultaneously, a peculiar half a meter wide stone board appeared beneath his feet, and an exquisite gold beast god shield about 2m tall appeared in his hand.

"The golden horned beast doesn’t require the beast god armament, I’ll let the human body use it." Luo Feng thought.

Luo Fu Qi board and beast god armament…

This was the set up he was going to use to battle here.

Rumble!

The cabin door opened and he swiftly flew out.

He rushed down.

******

High in the air above the mountain range, the humans and demons clashed. One could see huge ancient statues within the mountain ranges, these were left behind by the original natives of the Yan Ji continent back then. However, over the trillions of years, the natives were no longer there. Even though the statues had some peculiar energies, most were completely destroyed.

"2nd brother, we cannot hold on much longer." Nuo Lan Shan said urgently. "We are about to fall, get ready to flee."

"5th Brother, you hurry and leave."

"5th brother, you are only sector lord level 3, if you meet any sector lord pinnacle you will definitely die. Many of the universe and domain lord levels have dispersed, hurry and flee, we have to give you all enough time."

"2nd brother, you all…"

Nuo Lan Shan was anxious.

"Go on."

"We won’t die."

Amidst the massacre, Nuo Lan Shan gave off a pained expression but thought within, "This is already the 63rd time fleeing in the outer region wars, one truly meets life or death comrades here. Without them, I wouldn’t have been able to survive till now. It’s a pity, over 1,000 years of relationship may just end like that." As Nuo Lan Shan was preparing to flee…

A powerful energy descended from above.

Howl…

A howl resounded throughout the land and skies.

A huge beautiful bird like silhouette rushed down and shocked both sides.