Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 786: Battle On the Lake

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Within the quiet cave, fog engulfed the area.

Luo Feng sat crossed legged. His consciousness was already connected to the virtual universe and he was studying his blade techniques in his own training grounds.

******

Wielding the blood shadow blade, he stood on a vast land and unleashed his blade work over and over, as countless sector lord pinnacle warriors rushed from the sides, madly trying to kill him.

Dutchman’s pipe! Pensive! Nightmare! Illusion! Burial! Hatred! World’s end!

The blade flashed!

Tearing through space!

The many sector lord warriors were killed and the massacre was ongoing.

"This is not right."

"It doesn’t feel right." Luo Feng waved his hand and roared! "Stop!" the countless sector lords rushing over all stopped. This was after all a simulation in the virtual universe.

He walked to the stopped sector lords and frowned as he pondered, "When I battled the twelve undyings before, I always felt that my blade work was still lacking. Also it has not reached my current level of law comprehension limit."

With a thought, he brandished the Beast god Armament shield.

"The first form of the armament…Beast god Descends." Luo Feng unleashed it and the 999 metal flakes instantly shot out of the shield, connecting with the virtual universe simulated laws, countless gold threads interweaved between them, forming a huge Beast god projection. It’s pressure was engulfing the area.

"This is a true perfect technique."

Luo Feng looked up at the powerful Beast god projection! Even though it was just the first form…with just 999 metal flakes forming the technique, it was perfect and the Beast god projection had its own pressure!

Perfection!

"When I use my blade work, it naturally melds with the Beast god projection, yet it doesn’t have any of the pressure." Luo Feng shook his head. "Maybe compared to my teacher Hu Yan Bo, the techniques I created are already very powerful. However, compared to Xi Luo Duo, these are still too raw. How can I improve and breakthrough?"

Luo Feng stood there silently.

Under the gaze of countless sector lords, he looked up at the floating Beast god projection.

"Breakthrough."

"How do I do it?"

"My golden horned beast is proficient in close combat. Can it only rely on that one crude sky tearing claw? Is there no absolute technique like Xi Luo Duo’s Beast god armament?" Luo Feng gazed at the projection in the sky, trying to feel it thoroughly. Yet, it always seemed like a fog was clouding his view.

…

Time passed.

He pondered hard on how to refine his techniques and the beast’s battle techniques. Actually, the golden horned beast’s techniques were connected to his blade techniques, they were all considered close combat techniques! One relied on the beast’s body itself and another on the blade, and the blade was considered an extension of one’s body.

Naturally the two were linked.

However, everything had to be created by himself. During the past 100 years, he did make some progress with his blade work. However, when battle truly ensued, he always felt…his blade work still wasn’t perfect enough, it wasn’t capable of unleashing the strongest power of the Beast god presence.

"The moment it’s perfected…"

"My blade pressure will exceed the Beast god armament, because I’m creating something that fits myself. As for the beast god armament, it only fit Xi Luo Duo."

*******

Luo Feng had occasionally gone hunting over the past 100 years. 99% of the time, he still spent time studying the Beast god path and blade work along with battle techniques. Now…Luo Feng was immersed in this state.

In the blink of an eye, twelve days had passed.

Rumble!

A 600m tall pyramid ship tore through the skies and flew. Within that ship.

"Star eating Sector lord. Star eating Sector lord." The Ka Wu undying Fen Ya who was sitting in the alloy chair was burning with rage. Beside him were polygon shaped hammers, it was clear…that he used the same types of weapons as the fallen Long Suo.

"He hasn’t moved at all."

"The position of the item hasn’t moved at all." He said solemnly. "Does he know of Long Suo’s connection with me? Is he afraid of my revenge, hence he tossed it there when he found the item?"

If Luo Feng truly wanted to flee within the vast Fog Island, how could Fen Ya even begin to search for him?

What’s more, if Luo feng simply moved on to the main Yan Ji continent, Fen Ya would have no way to look for him at all.

"No."

"No, he must be there, he must be." Fen Ya was worried and anxious within. He truly wanted to kill that despicable human and avenge his brother. He was afraid that the human would have tossed the item there and left. Then the chances of revenge would be extremely slim.

The distance shrank.

"He must be there." Fen Ya gazed forward. Even with 100% simulation he could only see the distant fog.

…

"Luo Feng, we’ve discovered a dangerous target."

"He’s flying alone in an automaton ship and is heading towards us. After scanning his appearance, it seems like he’s from the Ka Wu race! Undyings mostly move together on Fog island. But, for him to move alone, plus the fact that you killed the Ka Wu undying before…there’s a 90% chance that this target is Boulder of the twelve officials."

Babata reported to Luo Feng.

"Ah?"

Luo Feng, who sat crossed legged enshrouded in fog opened his eyes, "He’s finally come?"

"It’ll take another hour for him to arrive." Babata said.

"I’ve waited so long for him to finally come. Since my arrival on Fog island 100 years ago, I’ve yet to fight with an official level undying." Luo Feng nodded. "I have some questions to solve about my blade work and the golden horned beast’s battle techniques. Maybe this will be a good chance to clarify everything."

Sou!

He instantly flew out of the cave and flew along the walls of the mountain, quickly reaching a quiet spot in the mountain range. There was a huge lake here, this lake on the peak had a diameter of tens of thousands of km. It was simply unimaginable on earth, however it was normal here on Fog island.

"Water." Luo Feng sat by the lake, feeling the cold air around him. He extended his hand to pick up some water flowers.

The bone chilling cold instantly reached his entire body and he felt the chill, but of course this was something he could easily withstand. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"So cold."

"But it feels good." He sat there and smiled, playing with the water.

After awhile…

Rumble!

The pyramid swiftly tore through the skies and swiftly stopped in the air above the lake. Its high speed caused shockwaves that blew away the sand and rubble around, however the incredibly heavy and ice cold lake simply rippled.

Hua! A fiery red armored 12m tall Ka Wu undying stepped out of the door, and the pyramid vanishing beside him. He stood in the air above the lake, a formless pressure expanding throughout as the air around his body burned in flames that spread and covered over 10,000 km in area.

"Weng!" Luo Feng sat there playing with the water, expanding his world projection too.

It clashed hard with the fire law domain, as his body was unaffected.

"Grrrrr…" The icy cold water suddenly began to bubble. This lake that was over a hundred times larger than all the seas of earth combined began to boil.

"So boring."

Luo Feng stood up.

Rumble!

He expanded his world projection and pushed back the fire law domain. The powerful projection completely suppressed the fire domain, and it was clear to see that the law domain was about to crumble.

"Hmph!" The official undying Fen Ya standing over the lake snorted angrily. The seemingly normal fire domain suddenly began to change from within, almost like a group of straggling soldiers suddenly gaining order and discipline, causing the entire domain to gain more stability.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

The world projection clashed over and over against the fire law domain. Even though Luo Feng was still more powerful, it was unable to completely suppress the enemy.

"Hm?" Luo Feng looked shocked at the fire domain. This was the first time someone was able to withstand his world projection alone.

"According to what teacher said, one can put both space and time laws into their law domains. However, those undyings would at least have to have the comprehension of the Nine universe tablet’s fourth picture." Luo Feng frowned. "Law domain, it’s a gift of the universe laws itself. Natural law energies, when pressured, they are like straggling soldiers. However the moment space laws are infused within, they become much stronger. Official level undyings…they are indeed much stronger than the normal generals."

"You are the star eating sector lord!"

A thick booming voice spoke with human language.

Luo Feng looked up at him, "You are Boulder?"

"Haha…it’s really you." Fen Ya’s voice rumbled. "My guess was right, you knew long ago I would be coming."

"Right." Luo Feng nodded.

"You’ve got guts." Fen Ya said seriously. "You killed my tribe brother and guessed I would be coming, yet you dared to stay with the item I gave him. Should I thank you, or laugh at your stupidity? Hmph…you’ve made me use effort to come and search for you, I’ll make your death thrilling."

"Ah?" Luo Feng flipped his hand and brandished his blood shadow blade as well as the six edged shield.

A shield and a blade.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

Both of their world projection and law domain clashed again. Even though Luo Feng’s projection had the advantage, it didn’t affect the battle too much.

"I’ve waited here for twelve days just for you. You sure are slow, I hope you don’t disappoint me." A black armor appeared over Luo Feng’s entire body. This battle would be the first time he got to truly fight against an official level undying, he couldn’t help but itch in anticipation.

"I won’t disappoint you." Fen Ya gazed down at the tiny dot, both hands wielding green hammers, the surrounding areas were burning in glaring flames.

Fog islands’ thirteen tyrants.

Star eating sector lord against Boulder, the two of them clashed.

"Strike travel!" Luo Feng’s eyes suddenly gleamed as he flashed, instantly leaving three winding orbits. It was almost like lightning as his speed reached a terrifying level, a glaring light simultaneously lit up with his blade.

"Go and die!" Fen Ya roared too.

The battle began instantly!