Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 789: Sha Wu Wings

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"With the golden horned beast’s strength, it’s easy to win the fight against that Ka Wu undying. Killing him however, it’s not at the level of burning undying energy. The beast doesn’t have undying energy…have I reached a dead end?" Luo Feng pondered on the many options within his mind.

Everything was discarded again as none could work.

"There’s only one way!"

"Maybe, just maybe." Luo Feng gritted his teeth, "I’ll rely on you Sha Wu wings!"

The beast had already unleashed its strongest sky tearing claw, the next strongest move would be the Sha Wu wings! This was a treasure given to him by the primal chaos city leader himself. It was used to flee, and it did have some battle ability too, the leader had told Luo feng back then.

Of course, it was mainly for fleeing and flying.

It only had minimal attacking abilities.

Luo Feng had experimented with it before and felt that it’s strongest points were it’s speed and sharp feathers. Slashing with them while flying at high speeds was like cutting with a blade.

…

Howl! The silver beast flapped its wings and once again rushed at the fire giant Fen Ya.

"Can you not be so excessive."

"Why?"

Fen Ya was worried and angry, "This silver beast’s instantaneous speed, how can it be so absurd? It’s only barely an emperor, it shouldn’t be that fast. If it was a bit slower…I’d be able to reach sub light speed and then escape."

Fog island’s resistance was pretty huge.

Reaching sub light speed was the limit! One had to go to the special Universe travel spot to reach light speed.

As long as one was an undying, with enough time, they could all reach close to light speed. The moment they reached that speed, even if an emperor level was chasing behind, he wouldn’t be able to catch up to a normal undying. As everybody’s speed was about the same, no one could actually catch anybody.

Unless one had teleportation!

Hence!

The undying battles relied strongly on instantaneous speeds. If the distance was close without sufficient space in between, it would be easy for one to instantly catch up with another ahead! Afterall, it did take awhile to reach close to light speed.

"Sha Wu wing’s three forms."

"I can only trigger the first form currently, and my flight is already at a demonic level, the movement speed is shocking." Luo Feng thought. "Even Yan Zhu with his treasure from his father, the moment he triggers it he can fight against a pinnacle emperor. Even though my Sha Wu wings aren’t mainly for attack but used for fleeing…the moment I dodge and flee, unless one has teleportation or time stop, even an emperor level undying wouldn’t be able to catch me."

Rumble!

The beast flapped its wings and moved fast as lightning as it left a blur in the air. At this point it already reached beside Fen Ya.

Hua!

The feathers were like blades!

As it flew past, the feathers acted like blades and slashed at Fen Ya, almost like slashing through tofu as his body split in half at the waist.

"Ah…" Fen Ya let out a howl of pain as he was slashed in half. Even when he was reduced to powder before, he had never once let out a cry of pain.

Pain, intense pain!

The formless piercing energy acted like water … melting the ice, his undying energy seemed incredibly weak against it as it was forcefully melted away. However the effect on his body was very minimal, it only instantly destroyed 2% of his undying energy!

This was destruction from the root!

"Ah!" Fen Ya howled in pain.

"I’ve succeeded." Luo Feng stood on the distant peak and revealed a look of glee. With his sensing abilities, he could feel his enemy instantly lose 2% of his undying energy. This effect surprised Luo Feng, "Haha! This is indeed a treasure even the primal chaos city leader regards as valuable. It’s main use is for fleeing, however it still has some attacking ability, and that little bit is this powerful. And this is but a small portion of its true strength."

The Sha Wu wings were incredibly mysterious.

With the trigger of one’s body and energy strength, it could trigger mysterious abilities. Luo Feng called this the space energy, and this was the powerful core of the wings.

This particular energy allowed the golden horned beast to fly at shocking demonic speeds. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

The second form of the wings allowed for it to completely throw the space into disarray! (One had to reach the third level of Bones to trigger it)

The third form allowed one to control the space tides! (Required fifth level of Horn to trigger)

This all required the space energy from the wings to trigger. This special energy was incredibly powerful, however Luo Feng could only unleash the first form currently. The space energy was from the core of the wings, but Luo Feng could only trigger a very small portion of it currently.

Yet it could already destroy 2% of his undying body!

"Haha, go and die."

"Ka Wu undying, go and die." Luo Feng was extremely happy.

Rumble!

The beast flapped its wings and he once again used them to slash past Fen Ya’s body.

Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua!

Fen Ya had no ability to even dodge. Even though he reformed over and over, as he reformed, the beast would slash past him again and he would lose another 2% of his undying energy. Even with an undying body, it would only take 50 times for it to be over…if he was a normal undying.

Losing 50% of his undying energy was akin to 50% of one’s soul, and his consciousness would instantly crumble.

With an undying body, even after losing 99% of his undying body, he still wouldn’t die.

However the final 1% could at most hold his memories, he would become a cannon fodder amongst undyings. Relying on this 1% to regain all his past strength would require trillions of years.

"No."

"No." Fen Ya howled in pain.

"Spare me respected emperor, spare me." Fen Ya communicated mentally to the golden horned beast. Against the beast’s terrifying speed…he knew that even if he burned his undying energy to flee, he would still be unable to escape. That mysterious silver beast was simply too fast!

Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua!

In an instant, he was attacked over 10 times.

Fen Ya’s undying body was left with only 50%, he lost half of his soul like that.

"Emperor, don’t force me, don’t force me!!!" He howled.

"Force you? Other race…just die!"

The beast’s speed was terrifying, its silver wings slashing over and over at Fen Ya’s body, destroying countless years of energy accumulated within…the undying body was the core.

"No!"

"No!"

Seeing that he was only left with 30% of his energy, he was panicking. Losing half of his strength was too huge a loss, he howled in rage and finally sunk into despair. As the silver beast once again attacked, he let out a howl within.

"Rumble!!!" He instantly self destructed his entire undying body.

Self destruct!

Fen Ya’s final decision! Even if he couldn’t kill an emperor, he wanted to heavily damage him, this was his revenge.

Rumble…the space about crumbled along with the mountain range, the beast had wrapped itself in the Sha Wu wings as it was extremely close to the explosion. The wings had the ability to disperse the attacks because of its special material.

Before this, out of the trillions of races in the universe, only the primal chaos city leader knew of the existence of the Sha Wu wings.

Destroying it was hard even for universe masters.

This explosion was but a tickle against the wings. It diffused over 99% of the attack with the final remnants of the force landing on the general armor, as long as it didn’t exceed the armor’s strength…10,000 times that of a sector lord, it would be completely diffused.

Rumble…the universe space crumbled.

The huge beast wrapped in the silver wings flew back tens of thousands of km, before spreading its wings in glory, it’s cold gold eyes looking forward.

…

It took all the goods left behind by Fen Ya.

"I have to leave quickly, that battle drew too much attention, there are already some teams rushing over." Luo Feng frowned and looked in the distance, the beast entered his internal world.

Sou!

With a flash, he used his Strike travel. However, it was obvious that his usage, compared to the golden horned beast…was on a completely different level. One was mainly the difference in body and secondly, the beast had the Sha Wu wings.

******

The death of one of the twelve officials of Fog Island, Boulder, was known to very few.

He didn’t send out a distress signal before dying, as there were no other allies who were stronger than him on Fog island. Who could he ask for help from? As for leaving a warning to others? Who would he warn? With the silver beast reaching emperor level strength, only the twelve officials could actually make a move on it.

As for the other eleven officials, none of them were from the Ka Wu race.

"Since I’m dying, some of you will come join me." Fen Ya didn’t care about the others. If they were the same race, he may have warned them, but towards the other races…he wasn’t that noble.

…

Luo Feng returned to his base.

The star eating plant grew throughout the caves to protect his palace and Luo Feng sat within happily.

"Haha, Sha Wu wings."

"Teacher gave me a true treasure."

His mood was extremely good. He sat and drank his wine as he pondered, "I finally got a sense of fighting a strong warrior. That Yan Zhu has a treasure that would make other emperors jealous. Yet now, I have one too, and it’s even better than his. Even though , its main usage is for fleeing, however it still has some offensive and defensive abilities."

"Hehe."

"Hm?"

A thought struck like lightning within his mind, he muttered softly, "The golden horned beast’s close combat and the blade work of the human body…" After which his eyes gleamed.