Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 792: Home, Moon

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"Name…" Luo Feng pondered.

The great being Xi Luo Duo’s manuals were at the pinnacle level too, such manuals definitely had to be named with careful consideration.

"What shall I call it?"

"This is a scaled wing attack technique that can be used as a blade technique. Wing Blade? Void Blade? Wing Blade six forms? Wing blade seven forms? The main thing is using the Sha Wu wings to fight, hence…Sha Wu manual? But this can also be used with a blade to battle, using the blood shadow blade. Maybe, blood shadow manual then?" Luo Feng thought of many names.

Vetoing each one.

He felt they were lacking.

"What does it lack?" Luo Feng kept thinking.

Looking at Luo Feng ponder, the primal chaos city leader watched silently. A pinnacle manual was the proof of an absolute warrior, even if he were to fall…his manual would be passed on. Hence, every warrior would carefully consider the name, this was also a proof of longevity.

Luo Feng’s eyes suddenly gleamed.

"It lacks a certain strength."

"The strength of the spirit." The thoughts continued in his mind. "When I think of my manual, I get a boundless sense of force and emotion. When I think of it, it fortifies my warrior’s heart, and I understand my own resolve."

"What my resolve is…"

The many scenes appeared in his mind.

…

"I want to stop my parents from suffering, letting them lead a good life." Back during the base era, Luo Feng carried his shield and blade, exploring the wilderness and beginning his warrior’s path.

…

"Dragon egg! Armor!" In wilderness sector 003, a monster leader was fighting with two wargods, Luo Feng rushed in and took away its egg and armor from its nest…

…

"A cornered rabbit will bite back, you really think I won’t kill you!" His flying blade lopped of the powerful head. Luo Feng’s eyes were filled with madness as he fled madly, at that time, Luo Feng was like a demon.

…

"100 billion?" When offered the huge bounty, he was filled with fear about his teammates divulging the information.

…

"28 billion?" The first time his brother Luo Hua saw the number he was stunned.

"Luo Hua, I told you before, I will let you stand confidently before that lady Xiao Nan, and before her parents. I told you before." Luo Feng promised before his brother.

…

The honor of becoming an investigator of the dojo of limits.

…

The appearance of the Golden horned beast and the apocalypse of earth, the many warriors of earth risking it all to fight the Golden horned beast.

…

Just leaving Earth into the universe, he was very careful and yet decisive, visiting the world within a world and fighting with his life.

…

…

…

Every step of the way, he unleashed his talents, risking it all in missions, and all these came from his heart of resolve! To protect his loved ones! Protect his home!

"Home? Family?" Luo Feng instantly came up with the name…Moon!

Looking at the moon, he would reminisce and miss his family.

Luo Feng had been studying many ancient chinese texts, hence the first thing he thought of was Moon. Countless poems from ancient times spoke of the moon while dreaming of their home, standing alone under the moon and remembering their family.

"Moon!"

"One law alone is simple, but with many others, they form a policy." Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. "I’ve only created the first form now, there will eventually be the second and third…together they will form a policy."

"My new manual shall be called Moon Policy!"

Luo Feng made the decision.

Moon Policy represented his resolve, the policy also represented his ambition, and his spirit to never give up, but to get stronger.

*******

"Done?" The city leader looked at Luo Feng’s excited gaze and smiled.

"Yes." Luo Feng replied respectfully.

"Tell me?" The city leader asked.

"It shall be called Moon Policy." Luo Feng answered.

"Moon policy…" The city leader was curious. There wasn’t any manual in the universe that used the word policy, most were xx manual, or soul imprint, or linear universe, Strike travel, Nan Shen seven forms etc.

He had never seen a manual called xx policy.

What’s more, the meaning behind Moon, the city leader didn’t fully understand. Even so, he didn’t bother to ask more.

"Moon policy…moon policy…let’s hope this name will cause fear and envy amongst the trillions of races." The city leader smiled.

"I will work hard." Luo Feng said respectfully.

"Hm." The city leader nodded.

"Teacher, I want to ask, what are the levels of a technique?" Luo Feng couldn’t help but ask. He only knew that the top three which were top class, pinnacle and extreme.

The city leader said, "Easy distinction: Low level, normal, top class, pinnacle and extreme."

"The techniques normal sector lords and some normal undyings usually create are normally Low level."

"Like the inheritance you got from Hu Yan Bo, his soul imprint has some special features. It already surpassed the low level category, it should be considered normal! Like the new seven blades you’ve been studying, even though it surpasses the original seven illusionary blades, it’s still within the normal category, many official level undyings and some sector lord geniuses have normal level techniques too."

"Above that!"

"Is the top class. Usually sector lord absolute geniuses, and emperor level undyings will create such level of technique!"

"Above that is pinnacle."

"Like your other teacher True Yan, who is able to survive even before a knight, he’s as powerful as a normal knight. A being like that, or even like your senior Ke Di, who was extremely powerful during sector lord level, they would normally create pinnacle level techniques."

"The knights all mostly create pinnacle techniques. Of course it’s just like what I told you, the opponents you face, from the 1,000th to 1,999th, they are all using pinnacle techniques. Hence, even within the pinnacle techniques, there are still huge differences. Even though Xi Luo Duo was strong, he was still only from a normal race like the gold horn race. They don’t have the background of humanity, hence the techniques he created cannot compare to ours. This is why, his techniques will only be about the level of the 1200th opponent you will face."

"As for the extreme level!"

"The extreme level…is too far away from you for now." The city leader smiled, "When you can deal with the 2,000th opponent, then we’ll talk."

Luo Feng was shocked within, immediately replying, "Yes teacher."

"Actually, you’ve already done not bad this time." The city leader said. "With my full support in altering your opponents according to your improvement, while dealing with your weaknesses everytime, under such circumstances, your efficiency in studying has risen hundreds to thousands of times. I still thought that with my help, I’d be able to help you create a top level technique in 2,000 years, but you exceeded my expectations. Creating a pinnacle technique in 1,200 years, your comprehension is very high. At least in the Beast god path, it’s extremely high."

Luo Feng felt regretful within.

The creation of a technique was very hard, to have someone specially arrange such opponents for him…even the knights would find hard to do. With such help, how could he not improve fast?

1,200 years, it was akin to his own self study of hundreds of thousands of years!

"How could teacher even know that even though my comprehension of the Beast god path is high, it’s not as high as you think." He pondered. "I have the Beast god statue to help me, I’m able to study it personally and understand it, feeling its aura."

One who stays near vermillion is stained red, studying the statue daily made his improvement naturally fast.

…

"Go on." The city leader turned and walked into the energies. "Continue to fight against the warriors in the outer region wars. The life or death training will help you perfect your techniques and help you improve faster."

"Yes."

Luo Feng bowed respectfully and vanished.

******

In the seventh battlefield, Fog Island was shrouded in mist as a living ship flew.

"1,200 years, these 1,200 years, the silver beast has vanished. No one on fog island has seen it since." Four demon undyings in their demon puppets sat separately, as the atmosphere was relaxed.

"It might have gone to the main continent. There are many strong warriors there, many officials and even some emperors. Those emperors have all sorts of techniques, anyone able to become emperor must have huge fortunes, and they are able to buy large amounts of automaton weapons or terrifying items. They aren’t easy to deal with, the silver beast may even be killed by some emperor there."

"Hm."

"With the disappearance of the beast, Fog island now has many more officials than before. Now there are 18 tyrants, and they are all extremely arrogant."

"Especially the star eating sector lord amongst them, when the silver beast dominated the Fog island, he remained hidden. Now that it’s gone, he sure is arrogant. However, to be accurate…he is extremely strong. I heard that even against an official undying, he’s able to keep up."

"Hm, his strength improvement is huge."

…

Eight hundred million km away from this living ship, a black disc ship was swiftly leaving Fog island.

Within that ship.

A black armored Luo Feng stood and looked at the undyings chatting eight hundred million km away, he said softly, "The silver beast vanished? It simply can’t find any opponent here on Fog island. The main continent is supposed to have a lot more powerful warriors, with many official levels about. One would easily bump into officials everywhere and occasionally the emperors!"

"I have to be careful."

"Officials are already hard to deal with and emperors have even more wealth than I do, and there will be other race assassins about…they may come up at any time." Luo Feng thought, "On the main continent, I definitely cannot reveal the connection between the star eating sector lord and the silver beast. If the other races don’t know my trump cards, my chances of survival would be much higher."

"Battle? Danger?"

"Bring it."

Luo Feng gazed into the distance at the incredibly vast main continent.

That was the Yan Ji main continent, which was tens of thousands of times bigger than Fog island, and many strong warriors were there. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

…

The black disc ship continued to head towards the main continent.