Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 795: Eliminate Early

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

In the air above the vast desert, a huge terrifying Gold Fear demon was battling against a black armored man. The battle was intense as the both of them were fighting at close combat.

Pu Chi!

The Slash that left behind slits in the space only managed to slice through the scales and skin of the Gold fear demon. Even though gold blood spewed out, with his undying energy flowing within his body, such injuries meant nothing to him.

Howl…the demon clawed at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng flashed about, instantly dodging his attacks while attacking again.

His blade flashed!

Across the skies!

"Despicable human!" The demon howled after fighting for awhile. "He’s too cunning, he’s dodging and hiding abilities are simply too good, I cannot even hurt him." He had initially thought he’d engage in close combat with the advantage of his undying body, thinking it would be incredibly easy to kill him. However, he realized that the human was simply too fast. Even after so many exchanges, he only managed to clash blades once in awhile, without even harming him once.

Anxious, rage!

"Killing this human will be very hard, unless I burn my undying body." The beast recognized the fact.

"I have to report to the alliance." It thought. "A human sector lord with strength close to an emperor, he’s definitely an absolute genius. Even with just the report, if confirmed, I will get quite some points."

The beast immediately began his report via his device in his world ring.

"I’m on Yan Ji main continent, my coordinates are…"

"I’ve discovered a human sector lord proficient in blade work. I believe that he’s the star eating sector lord from Fog island. His true strength is a little stronger than a pinnacle official, and closer to emperor. My two Wei Yi underlings had just gotten their undying bodies, and his attack actually damaged their undying bodies." The gold fear beast reported.

A pity.

The communication systems of the demon race was simply too weak. It was unable to even send images, and was only capable of mental communication. Even the confirmation of the contribution points will be taken care of only after the report reached the base. The human virtual universe network’s synchronized broadcast on the other hand could easily confirm the battle situation, sending points immediately.

"My blade is actually able to pressure this Gold fear demon. Combined with my movement skill, it’s perfect." Luo Feng was excited as he battled, "The feeling of battling in the outer region wars sure is different from the virtual universe."

In the virtual universe, one would subconsciously recognize.

It was all simulated.

All of them were fake.

This was a natural instinct.

Even if it did have the ability to train his techniques, it was unable to produce the feeling of fear and caution within Luo Feng. The outer region wars however were different. The enemy may produce surprise tactics at any time, he didn’t dare get careless at any time. Like this Gold Fear beast, the moment he burned his undying body, he would instantly have emperor level strength. Of course that was akin to burning his soul, and unless it was truly necessary, he wouldn’t do so.

"Training complete."

"Time to let the Golden horned beast appear." Luo Feng immediately used his first scanning device to jam the enemy’s devices. Simultaneously from afar, a huge silver silhouette appeared. It’s high speed movement made it seem like a blur, it rushed straight at the two Wei Yi undyings.

…

"They are actually in a stalemate."

"Accurately speaking, the captain is losing." The two Wei Yi undyings watching the fight from the distance were both stunned.

"No problem, the captain has an undying body. Even though he’s losing, there’s no danger, and the moment he burns 2-5% of his undying body, he’ll settle the human quickly. Even though almost all of the points will go to him, as long as we get a little, that’s still something."

The two Wei Yi undyings were chatting when they suddenly felt a terrifying pressure.

"What!"

They turned fiercely and their compound eyes saw an incredibly glaring silver light tearing past space. It slashed past space like it was tofu, they didn’t even have time to react as the silver light sliced past them!

This wasn’t some silver light, it was the silver beast’s Sha Wu wings.

Wings like a blade, sturdy and piercing, slashing past everything!

Weng…

Weng…

The two low officials had already lost some of the undying bodies when the human Luo Feng slashed them. As the Sha Wu wings sliced them apart, the space energy from the wings instantly caused their bodies to degrade and get reduced to nothing.

The beast flapped its wings and headed straight for Luo Feng and the Gold fear demon.

******

The gold fear demon had discovered the silver beast the moment it attacked the two Wei Yi undyings. However, when it discovered they were instantly destroyed, the demon was completely shocked.

"What."

"Emperor undying."

"Definitely an emperor. Since it’s so relaxed, it’s definitely not a low emperor, at least a high level emperor!" The demon was filled with fear. "No wonder the scanning device couldn’t detect it, its scanning device must be much more advanced than mine, damn, what beast is this."

"Flee, flee, flee!" Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

The Gold fear demon couldn’t care about the human genius anymore, immediately fleeing.

"Flee!" Luo Feng pretended to be shocked too as he turned and fled.

One human and one demon, were both fleeing.

"Hope that emperor undying chases that human." The demon thought within. "Go chase that human, ah, why are you chasing me? He’s caught up!"

Hu!

The Sha Wu wings flapped and the golden horned beast instantly caught up with the demon.

Hua La! The wings acted like blades. Moon Policy was firstly created as a winged attack, and was especially used with the Sha Wu wings. Even though it was altered to be used as a blade technique, it was obviously much more wanton and carefree as a winged attack.

The silver light slashed past he space.

The Gold fear demon was sliced in half, fresh blood along with its organs could be clearly seen. The blood and organs seemed to be held by a formless power, as the two bodies quickly rejoined.

"I lost 6% of my undying body?"

The demon was extremely shocked, "This is a pinnacle emperor, pinnacle emperor!"

It was a pinnacle official.

To easily harm a pinnacle official’s body, one had to have a pinnacle emperor’s strength.

"Spare me, spare me." The demon immediately communicated.

Pu chi!

Pu Chi!

The golden horned beast flashed over and over, slashing the demon countless times. Its speed was simply too fast. The moment his body reformed, he was sliced apart again, instantly losing 50% of his undying body.

"Spare me senior, don’t force me!" The demon was worried.

Hua!

The beast attacked again and it made the demon fall into despair.

"Go and die!!!" The demon howled and used the remaining energy within to self destruct. The countless years of accumulation of his undying body, it held terrifying amounts of energy. It instantly exploded and the force of the explosion instantly reached the level of a pinnacle emperor’s level of attack.

Rumble…

Hundreds of thousands of km of the space above the desert was instantly torn apart, countless space fragments were shredded.

The Golden horned beast had immediately flashed away the moment it discovered the undying demon was about to self destruct, simultaneously hiding behind the Sha Wu wings. The wings grew in size and completely covered the beast as it was knocked back a few hundred km before stopping.

The Sha Wu wings had diffused over 90% of the force. Even though the remaining force exceeded the 10,000 sector lord limit of its general armor, the armor still diffused 90% of the remaining force. That little force remaining was only about over 6,000 sector lord strength, it was but a tickle to the golden horned beast.

…

Luo feng, who was pretending to flee stopped too, it quickly let the beast collect the items left behind and put him back in his internal world.

"Powerful."

"My Beast god presence is already at the 18th level, and with my pinnacle technique." Luo Feng thought. "However, my body structure side is only still at the basic emperor level, with the 3 together…it gives me a high emperor strength."

"The Sha Wu wings are simply too powerful, the space energy it produces sure is terrifying."

"It’s able to harm even a pinnacle official’s body."

Luo Feng was extremely happy.

He took the items from the three officials and produced another ship, swiftly leaving.

******

Within the management department of the demons in the outer region wars.

"Confirmed report."

"A human sector lord with close to emperor level strength has been discovered on Yan Ji main continent. He should be an absolute genius of humanity, ranking among the top 100 of human sector lord geniuses."

Looking at the result produced by the AI.

Two completely black colored puppets sat there.

"Having close to emperor strength, he should be a core genius of one of the five leviathans, like the primal region sector lords of the Virtual Universe Company. Even though there are a 100 of them, only 1/3rd of them are probably able to reach close to emperor level strength." A completely black bodied man with a lion head said seriously.

Indeed.

There were indeed over a hundred human geniuses that had close to emperor level! Those sector lords that have trained for up to millions of years, their law comprehension would at least reach up to the 18th level. Combined with their trump cards and techniques, they could produce close to emperor level strength. However…

Close to emperor level, just that alone was very difficult to kill a low level official.

"I didn’t expect the star eating sector lord of Fog island to have such strength. He had only killed normal undyings back then, battling with the weak officials of Fog island. Now he actually has close to emperor level strength." Another black bodied puppet with 99 miniature heads spoke.

"The human geniuses are all well hidden, it’s hard to find one. For such a genius, to be that powerful at sector lord level, the moment he becomes undying, he’s set to become an emperor. And he could very likely be a high emperor, or even pinnacle emperor. When he gets an undying body, killing him would cost tens of millions of times more. Even though his strength is not weak now, he still doesn’t have an undying body, and killing him is still easy. Such a threat…should be eliminated as early as possible." The lion head demon said.

"Hm." The puppet with 99 heads nodded, "I’ll immediately report this and let the upper management give the order."