Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 798: Trouble

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Yan Ji main continent, within an ancient underground palace.

The walls of this palace had ancient sacrificial pictures, and they had faint law ripples. Over trillions of years, they had yet to be fully destroyed. Luo Feng was shocked when he first saw them. Who knew what life forms lived here countless years ago.

He sat crossed legged in the palace.

Suddenly…

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

Nine light pillars simultaneously pierced through the thick stone layer, hitting the palace directly. The brute force of the lasers instantly broke part the palace, even the space around was ripped apart as large amount of rubble flew about.

Luo Feng only awoke when the nine pillars were hit.

"Not good!"

Black armor extended over his body, protecting his entire body as he swiftly lifted the Beast god shield. A powerful glaring beam of light rippled onto Luo Feng as it shot through the palace. The power of the lasers were already reduced by half after piercing through the stone layer. It first hit was on Luo Feng’s beast god shield, allowing him to dodge in time.

Darkness ensued, the underground palace crumbled.

Luo Feng flew backwards too.

"Where is it from?" Luo Feng immediately adjusted and flew through the torn space. Hua la la! He pierced through the deep caves and surfacing out of the cave.

He looked up and was shocked!

In all directions…

There were a total of nine pyramid ships. It was clear from their positions that the nine laser beams were shot from these nine ships.

"Automaton ships?" Luo Feng frowned. "Automaton ships, Babata, can the scanning device detect these nine ships."

"Luo Feng, the scanners are unable to determine the target. They are probably totally jammed, the enemy has a more advanced scanner than ours." Babata communicated mentally back, "Someone with a device more advanced than ours. Luo Feng, you need to be very careful, his strength could very likely be emperor level."

Luo Feng was very calm.

Luo Feng could tell from the surface energy barriers of the nine pyramid ships that every one of them was much more expensive than his Yun Mo planet ship.

"Where is he from?" Luo Feng was shocked. "Just these nine ships are all better than my Yun Mo planet ship? From the feel of it…the energy barriers are very strong, maybe only if I let the golden horned beast out will I be able to harm the nine ships."

Strong warrior.

A true strong warrior of the automaton race, this wasn’t the same automaton warrior that went after the same treasure as Hu Yan Bo, that undying back then was only at general level. He wasn’t that powerful, and his ship was only a pinnacle E grade. How could it compare to this warrior that could so easily brandish nine extremely expensive pyramid ships?

"Bastard, I can’t find a trace of him." Luo Feng was worried.

This was the first time…

He had the taste of having an opponent with a better scanning device than himself. He had always toyed with the other opponents before, fighting and fleeing as he felt like. Now that power was completely in the hands of the enemy,

"Sou!"

Luo Feng paused for a short 0.01 seconds in mid air before swiftly fleeing.

… Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

"Little punk, trying to flee?"

"Hahaha, toying with a human sector lord that dared to come to the main continent sure is fun." Millions of km away from Luo Feng, Ci Wei Ka watched the scene in his control room with interest. When Luo Feng tried to flee, he instantly ordered, "Attack!"

The nine dormant ships suddenly rumbled and their bottom parts tore open, revealing a few hundred meter wide cabin doors.

Hua hua hua…

Almost like locusts flying out, black automaton puppets shot out like lightning. The nine ships simultaneously shot out large amounts of black puppets. Theoretically, these nine ships were all 1,800m tall, and with the engine within the ship, it was unable to fit too many puppets. However, at this moment, they flew out continuously. Almost in a blink of an eye, over a million black puppets had flown out of each ship.

"Nine million!"

Looking at the nine directions, a blur of countless black puppets covered the skies. Luo Feng was stunned.

These puppets were all 10m tall, and completely black. They carried axes, blades etc on their backs, all sorts of weapons.

"Just where is this guy from, this, is too absurd."

"Nine million F9 grade puppets, and everyone of them is completely made of F9 grade metal Black Swan essence. Even if the costs are economized, every one of them is still made of so much metal, a single one alone should be worth ten mixed elements."

"Nine million would be ninety million mixed elements!"

"Spending such a huge fortune to buy a sea of puppets, this, this is too extravagant. Just where is this guy from?" There was a saying that a sharp blade worked better. Similarly, ninety million mixed elements worth of wealth would do better being spent on precious treasures or weapons.

But for ninety million puppets?

Truly controlling each with precision, normally one million was the limit, and anymore would definitely be a waste.

Weng! The nine ships that shot out one million F9 puppets each. The closest one to Luo Feng had its puppets simultaneously gather energy within their chests.

Rumble!

A million light beams shot at Luo Feng, they formed a huge 100m in diameter pillar of light.

Sou!" Luo Feng wielded the beast god shield and swiftly dodged.

Weng… Weng… Weng… Weng… Weng… Weng… Weng… Weng…

Nine ships took turns to gather energy and attack in turns. As the distance got closer, from the 3rd attack on, Luo Feng was unable to dodge no matter how fast he was. He could only rely on the Beast god shield and his soldier armor to defend, blocking the terrifying attacks.

Luo Feng immediately unleashed his movement techniques, flying straight towards a group of the puppets.

The puppets however dispersed simultaneously. The other eight armies pressed in close. No matter how he escaped, the nine groups all maintained a suitable distance. Whichever way he fled, the army there would disperse and the others would close in.

As such, Luo Feng was trapped.

"Bastard."

"This too vulgar."Luo Feng was worried.

The distance between him and the armies allowed them to hit him over and over.

…

"Hm?" He actually consecutively blocked twenty of my energy attacks? Every one of them is akin to full blast from a pinnacle official." Ci Wei Ka, who was controlling the puppets from a distance was stunned, "This human sector lord sure isn’t ordinary. The shield he uses to deflect my attacks is completely undamaged, it even disperses a large amount of the force, hehe…"

"Begin the three army combined attacks." Ci Wei Ka ordered casually.

******

When the nine armies began surrounding Luo Feng, they attacked in turns one by one, Luo Feng was unable to escape and was trapped.

After withstanding twenty attacks, the nine armies began to combine three armies together and attack. The force of the attack was too huge, actually this was probably the limit of the nine armies. Afterall they were all in different positions, they could only at most gather three armies to attack at once.

However, Luo Feng once again withstood the attacks.

"Trigger the energy!"

"Flame simulation, Trap formation." Ci Wei Ka ordered again. "Even a true pinnacle official would be trapped, much less this punk. To waste so much of my energy, you should be proud."

The originally countless dumb automaton puppets instantly lit up with a glaring red light, the powerful energies of the ninety million puppets made Luo Feng’s expression change. "This, this…what powerful energy. These aren’t cheap metal lumps, and their energy cores are very advanced. Just one of them alone would be worth a few hundred mixed elements. Altogether, this will be…at least a few billion mixed elements!"

Luo Feng was stunned.

Passing the domain lord primal region sky mountain before and getting three billion points in reward, he had thought was already very impressive.

However the scene before him.

Ninety million F9 grade puppets, and every one of them was highly advanced, and they were not simply metal lumps. Just like back when he was in Tai Wo and Poison’s team, being attacked by the automaton warrior before, the enemy simply used puppets that had simple cores that relied on the thunder hell for energy. Compared to these ninety million, they were pitiful.

"Spending billions of mixed elements so easily?" Luo Feng was stunned, he understood too, "Since he’s poured so much wealth into it, these nine armies definitely have more than simple combined attacks."

Weng!

900 puppets burned with flames on their surface. Hua! they gathered as one, all of them brandished the weapons from their back, be it axes, blades etc.

Suddenly one army of the nine had its puppets all rush straight at Luo Feng with their weapons.

Di!

The flame energy passed through their blades and swiftly formed a huge red beam of light, rushing at Luo Feng.

A million red lights gathered as one, shooting from all directions, it formed a net like structure, stretching around Luo Feng.

"Terrifying." Luo Feng shuddered within, clearly feeling the countless red light net surrounding him.

He couldn’t match its strength!

If he fought back, he would be trapped and wouldn’t be able to escape, this was what he felt.

Rumble!

Luo Feng vanished.

Howl…a huge silver winged beast appeared in mid air, a terrifying pressure emanating throughout.

This scene caused the distant Ci Wei Ka to change his expression, "Silver wing emperor? This human sector lord is actually a puppet controlled by the silver wing emperor? Or is this emperor his guardian?"