Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 801: Luo Feng’s Revenge

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

A seemingly normal huge blade slashed through space, and in the blink of an eye, it hit the silver wings. The Golden horned beast which was wrapped within was like a silver egg…the wings had completely protected the beast well, not leaving a single slit.

Rumble…

The beast was knocked back far away. The large amounts of purple threads holding on to the beast had to be let go too, some of them broken from the powerful force. The beast became a beam of light as it flew backwards.

After flying back hundreds of thousands of km, only then did it open its wings.

It’s mouth had a hint of trickling golden blood, and it’s dark eyes gleaming with madness. The wings had diffused over 90% of the force, with the general armor diffusing another 90% of the leftover force. Through these two weakening the attack greatly, the remaining force was but a thousandth of the original, even so, it still hurt the beast.

Howl! The beast flapped its wings.

It warped in mid air and swiftly rushed at the closest god. It was obvious that they were strongest when attacking together. As long as it could catch on to one beast…it would be much safer.

Chi chi…countless purple threads once again rushed aroundt the beast, beginning to trap it.

"These purple threads again."

"Bastard." Luo Feng raged within.

The beast struggled madly, causing large amounts of the threads to break. However, more were produced, causing the beast to once again fall into the same trap, unable to break free.

Howl!!! It struggled and raged.

"To actually be able to withstand my Absolute nine god country attack and not be torn apart, I respect your strength." The tallest god of the eighty one gods suddenly brandished a blade bigger than itself, roaring, "Then receive my second attack!"

Weng…

The other eighty of them all extended one finger and shot out a thin purple light. Though they were thin, they were extremely condensed.

These eighty purple lights all shot into the blade.

The tallest god simultaneously threw out the huge blade, which was infused with the space and fire laws. It made the huge blade tear a big hole in space itself, it instantly flew straight at the beast at a terrifying speed.

The beast naturally closed itself in its wings again, and was forcefully knocked back again.

"His body is still ok? Then take my third attack. I don’t believe you can take it!" The tallest god roared.

Each attack was stronger than the previous.

This third attack was almost like a solid hammer, clashing into the protected beast’s wings.

Chi!

The beast was so shaken that blood flew out of its eyes, nose and ears, it even spit out gold blood.

As it was knocked back, countless purple threads came to bind it again, causing it to get extremely enraged.

…

The youth Ci Wei Ka controlling this battle from afar slapped his alloy chair, breaking it apart, "Three consecutive attacks didn’t destroy its body. This god country is something my master personally created, and its 3 attacks are all considered to be at pinnacle emperor level. Even though one would have an undying body, his body would still be destroyed before reforming. Why isnt his body breaking apart?"

"As long as I can destroy his body, its world ring will appear."

"I’ll use the god country to instantly grab the world ring and cause instability in the ring to make it collapse. Once the human sector lord appears, I’ll be able to capture my target."

"However!"

"Why am I unable to destroy its body? This is the Nine absolute god country, it was something the master built for me out of the relationship we’ve had over the countless years. He spent a huge amount on it to improve my strength and weaponry. A normal emperor’s wealth cannot even afford it. Even though it cannot kill a pinnacle emperor , destroying his body should be easy. However…" He couldn’t believe the scene before him.

Nine Absolute god country, he naturally wouldn’t suspect.

A pinnacle emperor was very powerful. Even after destroying his body, he could easily reform without any damage. Hence killing him was very hard.

Ci Wei Ka didn’t even think of killing the silver winged emperor.

He didn’t have the confidence to do so either. He simply wanted to destroy his body once, using the chance to get the sector lord and automaton methods to cause the world to crumble.

"I don’t believe this!"

He gritted his teeth, "Not being able to kill you is one thing, but I cannot even destroy your body? The master’s Nine absolute god country cannot be that weak."

"Break!"

…

Ci Wei Ka raged, his god country once again began a more terrifying attack.

Fourth attack!

Fifth attack!

Sixth attack!

The eighty one gods that were all low emperors used the purple space’s help to unleash terrifying attacks over and over.

"God country…Grinding wheel!" Ci Wei Ka gritted his teeth and unleashed the ninth attack of the god country, the strongest one he had.

The eighty one god’s eyes all lit up, light gathering within their weapons as they all flew out of their hands and gathered in mid air. Among the eighty one lit up weapons, the big ones were like 100m blades while the small ones not even half a meter in length. They formed a peculiar grinding wheel weapon, with sharp edges on the side.

Ge ge ge…

The wheel spun and countless purple light threads melded into it, it acted like a purple space core.

"Hu la!"

It rushed straight at the beast. The two bottom and upper layers of the wheel interweaved. Ge ge ge…even space was ripped apart into countless shreds. When the wheel hit the Golden horned beast, it began to madly grind at it. The Sha Wu Wings were clashing hard against the mad grinding. Although the golden horned beast’s body was reduced to powder, the outer layer of wings however was undamaged.

"Howl…" The beast let out a howl of pain.

"Automaton idiot, stupid punk, what other methods do you have?" The beast let out an enraged howl. "Can you only rely on these purple threads to bind me?"

The grinding wheel swiftly flew back, returning the eighty one weapons to the gods.

The eighty one gods looked at the distant golden horned beast, not know what to do.

"The Nine absolute god country was actually unable to destroy its body?" The distant Ci Wei Ka was angry and worried. This ninth attack was the strongest attack the god country could do, unless…unless Ci Wei Ka was willing to pay a bigger price to unleash its final attack.

That move would damage even a pinnacle emperor, destroying part of his undying body. He then would require tens of millions of years to recover. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"Using that move once costs one billion indigo gems."

"Is it worth it?" Ci Wi Ka hesitated.

One billion indigo gems. This was huge sum for even an emperor, one couldn’t bear to use this much on just one battle. Many emperors would rather sacrifice 5% of their undying bodies and not lose such a sum.

"Is it worth it?"

…

While Ci Wei Ka was hesitating, the Golden horned beast that had taken nine attacks finally exploded.

"Eighty one gods?"

"Hmph, after the nine consecutive attacks, his energy should be depleted. They would take a while for the energy to replenish to attack again." The beast glanced at the distant eighty one gods. While unleashing their ninth attack, their energies had already reached extremely low levels. At this time, countless amounts of energy was pouring into them from the space about.

The beast’s eyes gleamed with madness.

"My chance has come."

"Alina!"

"Master!"

"Command one million tiger armored kings to do a combined attack, the strongest attack, and break through this purple space. This is a space formed by those nine pyramids, just choose one and attack it." Luo Feng ordered his bug queen Alina within his internal world.

"Yes master." Alina said respectfully.

Rumble!

Large amounts of countless bugs appeared around the Golden horned beast. Every tiger armored king was about 26m tall, and they were covered in a thick armor. Their dark red malevolent bodies gave off terrifying energy. A blur of one million armored tiger kings appeared, and all of them were exactly alike.

In the core of the bug army was a 1km in diameter bug clan mother nest.

Weng…

The million tiger armored kings extended their claws. A glaring light gathering at the tip of their claws, the million soldiers seemed to be linked by their souls. In truth they were all being controlled by one queen. Simultaneously controlling one million bugs, even though it couldn’t do a law infused attack, it could still do a precision attack.

"Bug clan, it’s the bug clan."

"A million sector lord bugs, and tiger armored kings!"

"Quick, break." The distant Ci Wei Ka was immediately at a loss. One combined attack by a million kings…that was extremely terrifying.

A combined attack by one million normal sector lord bugs could heavily injure a pinnacle emperor. Naturally it had to hit first, the emperors weren’t stupid, they could all dodge and flee. Hence, normally the million strong army was good as a threat, and was useful in an army battle, however against an emperor.

It was too hard to hit.

However no one could deny its power!

And the million kings compared to the million normal sector lords, the power was much more powerful by at least tens of times! Even a pinnacle emperor would probably lose 50-100% of his undying body. Meaning, there was a possibility of a pinnacle emperor falling.

This was the power of one million bug kings!

Of course, the requirement was…it had to hit.