Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 804: Unstable Situation

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"Rush over from Star tower?" Black Jade smiled. "Ci Wei Ka must have paid a pretty hefty price to get you over. However, after this battle, let’s head over to Star tower together. My rewards from Yan Ji main continent are getting smaller and smaller. It’ll be better to head over to Star tower, there may be some goods there."

"You are coming too?" Momonu nodded, "That’s good."

The locations in the outer region wars were separated according to their danger levels.

Yan Ji main continent was considered the most dangerous place for the human twenty sixth camp. However, compared to the entire seventh battlefield, even though Yan Ji main continent was still considered very dangerous, there was another above it. That most dangerous spot was…Star tower!

Star tower was one level above it.

Large amounts of emperors gathered there, and officials were considered weak there.

"Then let’s work out how we will deal with the silver wing emperor." Black jade said.

"Also, we should discuss our settlement of his goods and so on. This will solve any problem we may encounter later." Momobu said.

"Right, right." Ci Wei Ka smiled and nodded.

…

Ci Wei Ka discussed with the two emperors that he invited on how to deal with the Silver wing emperor, and also about the distribution of his goods.

"Haha, according to the main plan and our two contingency plans, the silver emperor will definitely be sealed even if he doesn’t die." Ci Wei Ka was obviously very excited. "He…"

His expression suddenly changed, revealing shock and rage.

"Ci Wei Ka?"

"Ci Wei Ka?" Both emperors looked at him, feeling something amiss.

"I regret to say this." Ci Wei Ka stood up. His eyes trying hard to suppress his rage as he shook his head, "We cannot deal with him now."

"What’s going on?" Both emperors were getting angry.

Was he deceiving them?

The plan was set, the distribution of goods was done, and everybody was ready to make their move. Yet now they couldn’t start?

"Please look at this." Ci Wei Ka held back his rage and pointed in mid air, a screen appeared.

On it displayed all the areas Ci Wei Ka was scanning. On that screen, a huge silver winged beast was flying through, suddenly a beautiful half transparent silhouette appeared and spread its undying energy about the beast.

Shua.

They vanished in mid air.

"Teleportation?" Both emperors frowned.

"Right, teleportation." Ci Wei Ka gritted his teeth. This despicable Silver wing emperor is too crafty, I followed him secretly and he actually got help from his allies. This teleportation…is far out of my scanner’s detection radius, I don’t know where he’s gone."

Black Jade and Death Soul emperor exchanged glances, helpless.

"However you two."

Ci Wei Ka spoke, "This matter is not over. I will send out a bounty to get help from all our allies. With countless allies looking out, as long as we find him, I will immediately know. Then I will inform you two."

Both emperors nodded.

"This is the only thing we can do for now." Death Soul nodded, "Then I’ll take my leave." He left the virtual world.

"Contact me when you find him." Black jade left too.

Both emperors were obviously unhappy.

If Ci Wei Ka’s background wasn’t that huge, then the two of them wouldn’t have been so polite.

"Bastard."

Ci Wei Ka slapped the table angrily, gritting his teeth, "He actually escaped! As long as you are on the main continent, I definitely won’t give you a chance. With countless allies looking for you, the moment we discover your whereabouts, you will be done for."

…

Ci Wei Ka immediately informed a large amount of his allies, sending out a bounty for his whereabouts.

******

Within the edges of the main continent, two silhouettes appeared in mid air above an icy cold lake. The large one was as big as a mountain, covered in silver scales, it was a huge silver winged beast. The small silhouette however was a 10m tall lady with misty wings. She was enchanting with a half transparent body, covered in a robe armor. She had crystal like hair and eyes as deep as the ocean.

"Star fantasy emperor." The Golden horned beast gazed at the little dot, "Thank you for your help."

"By helping you this once, I easily get ten million mixed elements. If you need similar help in the future, do call me. This is much easier than killing a pinnacle official." The transparent wings flapped, and her eyes were like water, "If there’s nothing else, Silver wing emperor, I’ll be leaving."

The beast nodded.

Hua.

She vanished.

"What a good way to earn money." The beast instantly vanished too. A black armored Luo Feng appeared within the lake, he couldn’t help but mutter. "Ten million mixed elements at once, my teacher Hu Yan Bo only had that much."

"Spending money to get rid of the threat."

"After teleporting one light year away. That Ci Wei Ka definitely cannot find me." Luo Feng thought.

When he deduced that the automaton warrior would never give up, following him from the distance…he immediately made the decision to spend money to get help.

Even though he could get his third senior Bloodthirst emperor to help, he wasn’t in the outer region battlefield, and a long distance god country teleportation would be monitored by Ci Wei Ka. It would easily reveal his god country location to others. Hence…Luo Feng would rather spend the money and get someone who could use teleportation from the human camp.

Getting his ally to teleport him away.

Very simple.

Simply teleporting without having to battle, hence the cost didn’t have to be too high. Ten million mixed elements was a normal amount. If it was too low…the warriors able to teleport wouldn’t bother with it. This price was normal. If he needed the allies to come fight it out, the price would be much higher.

"Hu." Luo feng flipped his hand, a small sesame seed sized pair of silver wings appeared and merged with his body.

He grew a pair of wings, their color changed slightly, this was a true treasure. Changing its color was very simple. After melding with the Sha Wu wings, Luo Feng gave off a powerful energy, his sector lord energy was completely covered by that pair of the wings.

He immediately became a black winged god.

"Let’s go." Luo Feng causally picked a C9 grade ship from his countless ships and sat in it, swiftly leaving.

…

The ship flew over the main continent.

"Luo Feng, Luo Feng." Babata’s voice rang in his mind, "There’s an important notice you should see. This is the summary of what the scanner picked up, it’s a group of other race undyings chatting 920 million km away."

"Hm?" Luo feng sat within his control room and looked at the screen on his arm, it immediately played a broadcast of three undyings chatting.

"Fifty million indigo gems."

"Hehe, what a huge amount. Fifty million indigo gems just to reveal the coordinates of the silver wing emperor. The moment it’s confirmed, we’ll get 50 million indigo gems. This bounty, just where is it from? The reward for the information sure is high, isn’t this person too wealthy?"

"Who knows, however the one sending this bounty out definitely wouldn’t dare deceive us. This is a public broadcast afterall, and countless allies will know of it. If he dared to deceive us…not paying after, it would offend the entire alliance."

"Hm."

"Poor silver wing emperor."

"This silver wing emperor will find it hard to travel about Yan Ji main continent."

…

Looking at the details of the scanner, Luo Feng frowned.

"Luo Feng, that enemy wont give up." Babata communicated.

"That’s expected, I did steal an important ship of his. It is an important part of the Nine absolute god county." Luo Feng mocked. "However, since it’s a public broadcast of the bounty for the automaton alliance on Yan Ji main continent, hmph…looks like this punk has prepared backup and has confidence in dealing with me. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have gone public with this…looks like I cannot reveal the Golden horned beast for awhile."

"Caution is important." Babata emphasized.

Luo Feng nodded.

He was very clear that the enemy was prepared to take him on, he was just waiting for the chance.

"Damn."

"My scanner is too lousy compared to his, otherwise I wouldn’t have been in this position. The moment my scanner is more advanced than his, I can take the advantage." Luo feng gritted his teeth. "I cannot delay anymore. I’ll head over to the twenty sixth camp now and find a way to get a high price for my items. With enough wealth, I can buy a better scanner."

Sou!

The ship swiftly flew away from the main continent. This trip back to the twenty sixth camp would take a year and a half to reach.

******* Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Along the way, at a travel spot on Yan Ji main continent closest to Luo Feng.

Weng…

The space rippled and a black blade ship appeared.

"Travel complete."

"Your majesty, we will take another six days to reach the outer regions of the main continent. There are large amounts of fragments there, even the fragments of Yan Ji continent are huge, it would take a long time to fly. It will take about one or two months of flying to get to the main continent.

"Hm."

The black rock statue like youth gave off a dark energy, he gazed at the vast space through the ship.

"Yan Ji continent is my first step." The black armored youth said softly.

…

Just as this youth’s ship went through universe travel, Luo Feng’s expression changed in his ship.

"There!"

Luo Feng turned fiercely, staring hard at the travel point. His gaze seemingly passing through the barriers of space itself, gazing at the distant point.

"There."

"Treasure."

Luo Feng felt every cell in his body shiver with excitement, almost like countless starving beggars seeing food. This uproar from every cell in his body…they all locked in on that direction, Luo feng seemed to feel something ahead in that travel point.

A treasure that made every cell in his body jump, it was there!

"This feeling, this feeling, is similar to the soldier and general armor." Luo Feng’s heartbeat rose.

"But even both armors never made me shiver like this before. This feeling is extremely strong despite the distance. It definitely far exceeds the importance of the two armors." Luo Feng cleared his throat, "Just what is it?"