Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 807: Sum of Goods

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

This world ring was controlled by a G grade automaton puppet. Hence, it didn’t have any spirit imprint, and it was considered a free ring. Black clothed Luo Feng immediately used his world energy to scan within.

"Haha…"

He smiled, "Indeed there are 1 million automaton puppets, and all of them are F9 grade, and are in perfect condition." He had already acquired 530,000 puppets before. However, they had their cores damaged by the Golden horned beasts attack. The ones in this ring however were in perfect condition.

"Luo Feng, Luo Feng." A 1.5m tall youth Babata ran over.

"Babata." Luo Feng glanced over.

Babata was a living AI, hence it could easily control an automaton puppet body. Back then, the master of the Yun Mo planet Hu Yan Bo had given him a similar body. However, the usage of a metal body…was very normal, it didn’t help his abilities much.

The evolution of a living AI was very hard, unless one acquired an Evolution Heart and absorbed it, melding the AI with their body…only then would the two be fully fused.

Almost like a soul to its body.

The living AI would then have a precious living body, and would be able to grow and evolve…

After fully melding with their body, they would feel the universe laws much clearer, at least akin to a normal human warrior. And those without the ability to evolve, like Babata, may train their comprehension. But even after a trillion years, they could never ever become undying! Only with the Evolution heart will one truly have the ability to become a powerful automaton warrior.

As training progresses, the automaton’s body will keep strengthening, and the flexibility and sturdiness will improve, almost like a flesh and blood body.

Hence the evolution heart was very important. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

It couldn’t be helped…

The evolution heart was something only the automaton race had. This was their most important treasure, hence their control on the evolution heart itself was very strict, forbidding any one from ever selling it. This rule is embedded deep within their core, they may be able to produce many evolution hearts to nurture warriors…however they would never sell a single one, even at a huge price.

This made it extremely hard for humans, demons and so on to get their hands on the evolution hearts!

The difficulty was simply too high.

This was something only the automaton race had.

Hence…

Every evolution heart was priced above ten billion mixed elements. This was akin to an emperor’s entire wealth. This means…unless one truly wanted to make their living AI their life or death partner, or one was an absolute warrior with huge wealth, they wouldn’t be able to afford the evolution heart.

Babata currently didn’t even think about it, it had never had one before, he was satisfied with a metal body.

"Luo feng, don’t ever forcefully try and hack the perfect F9 puppets." Babata shouted.

"Hm?" The black clothed Luo Feng looked down at the youth Babata.

"The perfect condition puppets all have defensive abilities. If they are forcefully hacked, they will self destruct." Babata said. "The automaton warrior is extremely far from us right now. He’s unable to control these puppets, however if they are attacked and they self destruct, they’d become worthless."

"Hm? There’s no way to control them?" Luo Feng asked.

"Of course there is, but my hacking ability is not sufficient." Babata smiled, "Hence there’s no need to forcefully attack them. Just scan their insides and sell them! The Virtual Universe Company would naturally have the ability to easily hack them, we just have to pay a small sum."

Luo Feng nodded.

This hacking…it was better left to the professionals.

"How is it, is the scan complete?" Luo Feng looked at Babata.

"Hm." Babata nodded.

"Completed, there are four types of items in this broken ship."

"The first item is the ship itself. This F9 ship is equipped with an extremely powerful defense energy barrier, it’s slightly more powerful than the Yun Mo planet ship. It’s a pity that the attack before had destroyed it, it’s been ripped apart. It’s mostly only worth its weight in F9 metal now, it’s entire price would still be about five million mixed elements."

"The second item is the G grade puppet. This puppet may not be huge but its still G grade, and its quality is still much better than your blade and shield. It should be worth about twenty million mixed elements."

"The third is the cores you’ll get from the 530,000 damaged puppets along with the one million good condition puppets. The price of that would be worth about eight hundred million mixed elements."

"The fourth item is the most valuable. It’s the most valuable apparatus within the control room, the apparatus are all made of G grade and F grade metals. Their energy system is incredibly complex, I don’t even dare scan it. However, just the metal from the apparatus alone would be worth over 500 million, of which the technology and other abilities are even more complex. They are probably worth much more. As for how high, I have no way to confirm."

"Just these four items."

"The entire price must be extremely high, at least more than the goods you’ve accumulated over these 1,000 years. The total sum of your 1,000 years here would only be worth about one hundred million mixed elements. This is far from this ship’s value."

Luo Feng nodded and laughed.

It was time for the harvest!

It was definitely worth it to fight against those with background. He had only acquired a single ship, yet his rewards were that huge. The wealth of that automaton warrior did give him a shock.

"How do I sell this though?" Luo Feng pondered.

"I’ll advise you to first get an estimate from the Virtual Universe Company." Babata said.

"Hm." Luo Feng nodded.

…

He first scanned through all the items and made records of them before simulating them in the virtual universe.

Within the virtual universe primal region, Luo Feng’s villa.

"Your majesty Luo Feng, it’s an honor to meet you. To receive an invite from you really makes me, Nuo Si Wu Xi honored." A green robed fat undying with two fish eyes bowed low to display his respect to Luo Feng.

Luo Feng was the primal chaos city leader’s disciple, naturally his position was extremely high.

"Thanks." Luo Feng smiled.

"Look." Luo Feng pointed to the land beside. On it was a broken pyramid ship, this was completely simulated.

"This is?" The undying asked curiously.

"This is my spoils of war. I’d like to ask, as the purchasing head of the company, what price can you give me." Luo Feng asked. The Virtual Universe Company naturally had a purchasing department. They normally let their AIs handle the deals, the higher value deals however were run by the internal members.

Nuo Si Wu was one of the main managers of this department, he normally dealt with emperors.

"The ship is damaged, it should be worth a few million mixed elements." He said casually. Having frequently dealt with emperors, he didn’t care about such low numbers.

"The true goods are inside." Luo Feng smiled, "Follow me."

"Ah?"

Nuo Si Wu was shocked, he was curious about this disciple of the primal chaos city leader.

He entered the broken pyramid along with Luo Feng.

"This is an automaton ship, and one from a warrior with quite some background." Nuo Wu Si looked at the décor within, smiling as he passed judgment. When he first saw the G grade puppet, he nodded and complemented, "G grade puppet, its metal alone is worth twenty million mixed elements."

"These are the 1.52 million puppets I collected, of which 530,000 are damaged while one million of them are still fine. These are the damaged ones and the perfect ones."

"This is the most valuable apparatus I acquired, it’s able to set up a powerful space that can even trap an emperor."

…

After the viewing, Nuo Wu Si was shocked, because even an emperor usually only had a wealth of only about ten billion mixed elements. They would hardly have a deal worth tens of billions.

"The automaton puppets are only slightly damaged, only their energy cores have been shattered. Since their important parts are still fine, they only require light repairs. The 1.53 million puppets are exceptional goods even amongst the F9 items. They’d be worth a few hundred mix elements each. The cost of building them within humanity is much higher…on average they’d require about 1,000 mixed element each, hence I can give you a price of 1.5 billion mixed elements."

"Of course."

"The most valuable items is the apparatus, this batch…uses extremely good materials and the most important thing is their usage. This is considered top class even within the automaton race, a knight level warrior probably spent quite a bit of energy to create them. To get an automaton knight to build something like that…it’s worth a lot, but it’s a pity this is only a part of it. As for the apparatus…I can give you a price of three billion mixed elements."

Nuo Si Wu finally gave Luo Feng the estimates.

"Including all the other little items, I can raise them slightly higher. I’ll give you a total price of 4.6 billion mixed elements." He smiled, "I’m normally not this generous with normal emperors."

"4.6 billion mixed elements?" Luo Feng was surprised.

"Thanks, I’ll think about it." Luo Feng said.

"Haha, no rush. If you wish to sell them, you can find me anytime." Nuo Si Wu smiled, "Your majesty’s rewards are huge, especially the apparatus. However, if you could get the complete set made by that knight, it would be worth a lot more."

"Hm." Luo Feng nodded.

Nuo Si Wu left.

"Haha…even the Virtual Universe Company is willing to fork out 4.6 billion." Luo Feng smiled, "This sure is worth a lot, that automaton warrior must really have some background."

"Not bad." Babata smiled, "Fighting a powerful enemy brings bigger rewards. Fortune and disaster go hand in hand after all."

"This is fortune, how can this be a disaster." Luo Feng smiled. "Right now I’m wondering how to get a higher price and through what means should I go through."