Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 810: Deep Pockets

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Within the room, Luo Feng sat crossed legged.

"Absorbing a new crystal always gets increasingly difficult. However, my body is much stronger than before, who knows how many I can absorb now." Luo Feng wasn’t confident in absorbing ten blood river crystals simply because the black warrior was but a legend in Blood river continent.

From his absorption back then, his genetic make up was much stronger now, even with the nameless manual. However that was only the first level.

It was still extremely hard to become a black warrior!

"Let’s begin."

He flipped his hand and brandished one blood river crystal.

It was a triangular crystal that was completely blood red and translucent. It gave off energy ripples that were almost like a heartbeat.

"Back then when I first saw a crystal, I thought it was like a life form. But, now I know that it’s the blood crystals from the fallen Beast god." Luo Feng slashed his palm and allowed the crystal to make contact with the bleeding wound.

The killing intent permeated his skin and his body changed. He was familiar with this feeling. For someone that had absorbed over hundred crystals, this level of pain…was nothing.

After awhile.

The fourth crystal was completely absorbed. Luo Feng was very calm, absorbing up to five or six crystals was within his expectations.

"Who knows which one I can get to." He flipped his hand and brandished the fifth.

Fifth crystal!

Sixth!

Seventh!

"The seventh one succeeded as well!" Luo Feng’s face was covered in perspiration from the pain. But his eyes were gleaming excitedly, "I actually succeeded in absorbing the seventh. Back then, it took countless years to produce an absolute genius like the Blood God Ba Qi, and he only absorbed eight crystals. My body genetics aren’t exactly the strongest, is it because I trained in the nameless manual that I’m able to go through this change?"

"I’ll try the eigth." Luo Feng took out another crystal.

Absorb!

Success!

"Ah…I’ve caught up with Ba Qi." He blinked his eyes, "Let’s try the ninth."

He couldn’t help but grow in excitement. He may truly become a black warrior, he easily withstood the killing intent from the ninth, as the energy poured into his body…

"Pa!"

His muscles and skin began to tear apart.

"Ka Cha." His bones broke.

After which the blood river energy flowed back into the crystal, the absorption of the ninth crystal had failed!

…

"Absorbing the eighth is already beyond my expectations. I only have an earthling’s human body, the only special trait is being trained in the nameless manual. And it allowed me to reach the level of that absolute genius Blood god Ba Qi." Luo Feng was shocked. The nameless manual was simply unbelievable.

In truth, once one’s genetics reached its limits, it was hard to evolve further.

The first level of the nameless manual allowed him to raise his body strength three times! What level of gene evolution did it take to get such an effect?

"Absorbing eight crystals have very little effect on my strength though." Luo Feng shook his head.

Absorbing three, ten, hundred, these were there limits.

After the third crystal, one’s melding with the universe energies would double. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

After the tenth, one would reach three times! And triggering the blood river energy would cause one’s cells to evolve temporarily and rise in strength.

At eight crystals however, compared to passing the three crystals from before…his strength had risen just a little more than before.

******

He walked out of the room full of perspiration. He jumped into the pool barefoot and swam about casually at the bottom.

He was already very satisfied with absorbing eight crystals.

Even though his strength didn’t rise that much, it showed how powerful the nameless manual was.

"If, if I can get the second level of the nameless manual, my body will once again go through a huge evolution. I may be able to absorb 10 crystals." Luo Feng shook his head helplessly. For such a heavenly manual, getting the first level alone was a huge miracle, how hard would it be to get the second?

"Hm."

"The earth body is at its limit. I’ll let the Golden horned beast try to absorb more crystals." Luo Feng lay on the rocks as the warm water flowed about him. Simultaneously, he began trying to let the beast absorb more blood river crystals.

He wasn’t too anxious about letting the beast absorb more crystals.

Mainly due to the fact that absorbing hundred crystals seemed to already be the maximum amount. Luo Feng could withstand the killing intent and power of the hundred and first crystal a long ago. However, the right claw was unable to absorb anymore blood river energy. The Beast god howling picture formed from triggering the energy was already very perfect.

The right claw had reached its limit!

Then, he could only absorb the crystals with the rest of the body. However, no matter how strong his willpower was, to absorb another hundred crystals…would at most make its other body parts as strong as the right claw. Even so, its entire body strength would double from before.

And this is only after absorbing another hundred. One had to know that each new crystal got harder and harder, Luo Feng didn’t dare expect too much.

"101st!"

"102nd!"

Within his internal world, the beast began its absorption. He picked the back portion this time mainly because this was the core of the body’s strength, and the wings were on its back too. If it was strong enough, it would be easier to use the Sha Wu Wings and unleash its strength.

"The back just begun to absorb crystals, the gene change is starting from zero Hence, the pain is very minimal." Luo Feng smiled as he lay in the river.

Crystal after crystal.

110th…

120…

130…

The killing intent got stronger and stronger. However, Luo Feng was only a few hundred years old when he absorbed the first hundred, and with a few thousands years passing since then…his long years of comprehension and connection to the universe source had trained his consciousness and willpower. It made his mental state strength much stronger than before. Even though he was only in the first level of mental state training, Knowing oneself, his willpower was incredible.

The higher level of mental state training may not necessarily be stronger than the lower levels.

The second level of Innocence compared to the first level was normally much stronger.

However Luo Feng constantly pushed the limits of the first level. His willpower back then was but a few hundred years old.

140th…

150th…

160th…

162, 163, 164, 165!

"The 166th crystal has failed, my willpower cannot take it." Luo Feng revealed a smile, "To absorb 165 crystals is already not bad. It gets harder towards the end, and my willpower has improved quite a bit over these few thousand years."

Even though the beast had absorbed sixty five crystals in its back.

The entire strength of the beast had probably only risen by ten percent.

As the back strength was but a small portion of its entire strength, it couldn’t compare to the right claw, hence the growth was limited.

******

The fourth day Luo Feng stayed in the camp.

"Rumble!" Three silhouettes flew above the mountain ranges and quickly reached Luo Feng’s private island.

"Haha, you are finally here."

Luo Feng strode out.

"Sir, these are the goods you ordered." The three silhouettes were led by an undying. He respectfully handed a world ring, "This world ring is complementary." The ring flew straight at Luo Feng and floated before him.

"Hm." Luo Feng accepted it excitedly.

After fighting for so long and thinking hard, he was simply just waiting for the goods.

He had completely spent the 6.1 billion mixed elements. Giving a world ring worth one mixed element was normal for such a huge deal.

"We’ll take our leave."

"Go on."

Luo Feng waved his hand and entered his house excitedly. From start to end, the three workers from the Virtual Universe Company never set foot on his island. As this was a private island, the army had ruled that no one was allowed to set foot on it without Luo Feng’s permission.

"They are finally here."

"I spent all of my 6.1 billion." Luo Feng sat in the chair beside and immediately used the mosha body to check the goods.

He had gotten 6.1 billion from Black heart and Desire emperor back then, immediately exchanging all of it for 6.1 billion points. Under normal circumstances, only after becoming undying would one be able to exchange mixed elements for points. However, after Luo Feng became the disciple of the primal chaos city leader, his authority had risen higher than most emperors. Naturally he had the right to exchange mixed elements for points.

After getting 6.1 billion points, plus the 180 million he had from before.

He began to splurge.

Firstly, he bought two types of scanners. A large one that cost two billion points, only few emperors could afford something like that. And a small scanner that cost 1.8 billion, even though it could only scan an area of twenty kilometer, it’s detail and level of scan was akin to the large scanners worth 100s of billions. Meaning…with this small scanner, as long as a few powerful warriors discovered Luo Feng, even if his own large scanner couldn’t detect them…his small one would.

Secondly, he bought the best combination of items to nurture the cloud contact vine to undying level, spending a total of 1.53 billion points! Naturally, even so, the chances of the cloud contact vine becoming undying was still only 50%.

Thirdly, he bought one Flame god core crystal, akin to a high emperor’s self destruct. This was enough to kill even a high level emperor or harm a pinnacle emperor, and he had spent 800 million points on this. Back then in primal chaos city when Luo Feng had three billion points, he had exchanged for Flame god crystals before. He had gotten two low level emperor crystals, after spending four hundred million points. The only thing was that he was never actually forced to use them yet.

With the three of them together.

He spent a total of 6.13 billion, leaving him with only 150 million points.

He couldn’t wait any longer, "To make the cloud contact vine reach undying…the evolution process would require quite some time. While returning I’ll evolve it, I’ll head out now…back to Yan Ji main continent."

…

After bidding goodbye to the emperors he had been hanging out with, Luo Feng sat in his ship alone and left the twenty sixth camp, heading back to the main continent.

**