Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 813: Encounter on Yan Ji Main Continent

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Luo Feng headed towards the calling, after over four months of flying, he finally got close.

One billion km…900 million km…

The distance kept getting closer.

After awhile, it became 300 million km.

"Discovered the enemy’s scanner, he’s within an ice mountain cave." Babata communicated. "His scanner has an area of 300 million km too. However, his scanner…is less advanced than ours."

"Less advanced?" Luo Feng revealed a smile.

Great.

After having the experience of being disadvantaged, the feeling of having the advantage with the scanner once again was great, as it determined the fact…that this battle was now within his control.

"This is the enemy’s appearance." Babata said.

Luo Feng looked up, a screen appeared in mid air and footage appeared, it was the other race warrior chatting.

There were a total of three warriors.

"Your majesty, what a pity. Even though we met that undying, we cannot deal with him. But, we cannot let him get away like that." An underling undying said respectfully.

"My strength can harm a pinnacle official, killing them however is extremely hard, unless I’m willing to burn some of my undying energy." The black armored youth shook his head. "Killing an undying body sure is hard, accumulating points sure is slow when one cannot kill a pinnacle official."

…

The footage made Luo Feng frown.

"Able to harm a pinnacle official?" Luo Feng muttered, "It’s unlikely that he has a treasure like the Sha Wu wings, and if he can do that, that means he’s at least a high emperor. This is troublesome, and from where the treasure seems to feel like, it should on him."

With a distance of two hundred million km, Luo Feng could feel the exact location of the treasure. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

He could confirm now…

That the item was in the same spot as the black armored youth, it was definitely on him!

"What do I do?"

"It’s extremely hard for me to kill a high emperor." Luo Feng frowned. "Even if I use all my energy, I’d still only have 10% of a chance of killing him." Luo Feng began to plan on how to deal with the enemy. However the basis was still the requirement of strength.

If the enemy was too strong, no matter how precise his plan was, it was still useless.

This black armored youth was a high emperor, that meant it was troublesome.

…

200 million km away, within the completely frozen cave.

The black armored youth was talking to his two underlings.

"Go reflect and train." The youth ordered. "Raise your strength, only then will we be able to kill a pinnacle official."

"Yes your majesty."

The three of them seemed to be chatting, however…

The were communicating mentally too in secret.

"The enemy’s large scanner is more advanced than ours, luckily our smaller scanner which only has an area of 20km picked up his scan." The black armored youth emphasized. "However we can confirm that the enemy must be very strong considering the scanner he’s using."

"Your majesty, what do we do?" The two of them asked.

"Let’s pretend to keep chatting."

"Since he hasn’t detected our small scanner, we can pretend to chat…and lure him in. I can keep pretending to have high emperor level strength. A high emperor would have no threat on Yan Ji main continent. Even the powerful warriors would have to reconsider about using soul destruction techniques to kill a high emperor. The moment a high emperor self destructs, that would be terrifying."

"Understood your majesty."

After confirming secretly.

One of the underlings said, "Your majesty, what a pity, even though we met that undying, we cannot deal with him, and let him get away like that instead."

"Our strength is enough to harm a pinnacle official, but to kill one, unless I’m willing to burn part of my undying energy." The black armored youth shook his head, "The difficulty of killing an undying body…" The youth continued.

Their act…

Really confused Luo Feng, in truth the black armored only had the strength of a low emperor. The difference between a high and low emperor may not seem huge, in truth the power difference was shocking. Many undyings spent countless years training and breaking through, whether it was the god body or law comprehension, the difference was shocking.

A low emperor had to be careful on the main continent. A high emperor however could be a tyrant, unless he messed with some that were simply too powerful.

The three other race warriors communicated mentally.

"The enemy hasn’t left."

"His scanner is locked on us." The black armored youth said. "Even though our small scanner can detect him, it can only detect his scan. With a scan of only twenty km…when we truly detect him, he would already be twenty km away from us."

The advantage of the small scanner was just this! It could at most act as security, to rely on it to discover the enemy’s location, that would be a joke.

"We are unable to detect his accurate location, we don’t know where to flee to either. Blindly fleeing could very likely result in him catching us, the chances of us getting away safely is less than 0.1%." The youth said, "Our only option now is to scare him away. If we fight, we have to find our chance to flee."

"Understood." The two underlings replied.

"My plan is…"

The black armored youth swiftly told the two underlings his battle plan.

******

Luo Feng continued to get closer, his scanner constantly locked on the enemy’s location.

Within the control room, a screen projected their every move.

"Hm?" Luo Feng frowned suddenly, "What is he doing?"

On the screen, the black armored youth flipped his hand. A beautiful purple flower floated beside, after which it expanded out fiercely and grew out of the caves, countless flowers with thorns pierced through the rocks.

In almost an instant!

The flower had spread over 100,000 km, it completely wrapped the three other race warriors completely.

"Other race warrior!"

On the screen, the black armored youth said coldly, "I know you can hear what we are saying."

Luo Feng frowned in the distance, "Damn, the worst case scenario has occurred."

Luo Feng had his own mini scanner…hence he was afraid of this happening. Also, he had no way to avoid it, he could only rely on luck, hoping that the enemy didn’t have such a high level mini scanner. However from the looks of it, the enemy did have a very advanced mini scanner. Even though its area was small, it managed to discover his scan.

"I do not wish to fight against such a high level warrior." The black armored youth emphasized. "You should know that the consequence of an emperor fight is extremely severe too. I’ve already invited my emperor allies over. The moment the battle begins, they will rush over, and when that happens…it’ll all depend on strength!"

Pa!

The screen immediately lost its image, it was obvious the black armored youth had used his mini scanner to shut off any scanning within his 20km. Luo feng was unable to see anything.

…

"Master, you’ve invited emperor allies?" The two underlings were surprised.

"It’s a ruse." The youth snorted coldly. "Do you not know this? Hmph…his strength is unknown, and he could very likely be an extremely powerful warrior. Do you think that without knowing the level of strength the enemy is, the emperor allies would rush over to help? Even if I did invite them over, the price would be too high."

No one was stupid in the outer region wars.

An emperor fight was risking it all, and anyone who was able to become an emperor would have his or her own methods. Who’d be willing to stupidly help out anybody? The moment they lose some of their precious trump cards, it would be too late to regret.

Like the automaton warrior inviting the two pinnacle emperors.

One, they had to have some history or relationship.

Two, the warrior had accurately measured the silver wing emperor’s strength along with its techniques etc, so the two pinnacle emperors had an idea of what to do.

Three, he spent a huge price, billions of mixed elements, and that wasn’t something just anybody could afford. Naturally, if it weren’t for the two pinnacle emperors, the cost wouldn’t be that absurd.

"Get ready for battle."

"Hmph, even if we can’t win, I have faith in surviving." The black armored youth flipped his hand and a black disc ship appeared within the flowers. "Enter the ship. If we get hit by a long distance attack, with the flowers protecting us and the F9 ship blocking, we wouldn’t lose out too much from the start."

******

Luo Feng had lost the visual. Hence, he wasn’t clear on what sort of trap his enemy had set up for him.

"However…"

"Tricking me once, and trying to do so again." Luo Feng thought coldly. "High emperor? If he was a high emperor, he wouldn’t act like that. Calling emperor allies? They don’t even know who I am, would they just come and help you. Also, it would take time to convince them to come over along with a huge price, it wouldn’t be that easy."

"Babata." Luo Feng ordered.

"Close the large scanner, and maintain the small one. Get close to him, within 10 million km."

"Yes."

Even though he didn’t use the large scanner, as he could clearly feel the calling from the treasure, he simply had to follow that direction and get close. He had to use the large scanner initially because he needed to know what kind of enemy he was facing, what race etc. And from the looks of it, it was the Na Shi race. This was a distant powerful race that wasn’t subservient to any of the pinnacle races. Seeing one Na Shi warrior here was extremely rare.

This also meant…

It would be very hard for him to get help.

"My Na shi race friend, I will use the most beautiful fireworks to welcome you." Luo Feng said softly.