Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 816: Target 30 seconds

Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"Not good." Luo Feng felt the Na Shi youth fleeing swiftly and knew the situation wasn’t good.

"After him!"

The beast flapped its wings and tore through the skies, instantly disappearing from sight.

The black armored youth had already reached sub light speed and close to light speed, it was the maximum speed one could hit here on Yan Ji main continent! Because of the universe secret region environment, it was impossible to breakthrough. The Golden horned beast had no way to pass this limit too. Also, since the black armored youth was flying in a straight line, it was impossible to catch up.

"What do I do?"

"I cannot catch up."

"Unless I unleash my world projection, spreading it over 90 million km to slow his movement, otherwise I won't be able to catch him!" Luo Feng pondered for a while. According to the information he gathered from the battle before, he made a new decision. "This Na Shi youth can actually stop time? It won't be easy for me to kill him then. Hm, I’ll have to trick him then!"

The beast continued to chase the youth.

One ahead of the other, they were flying at the maximum speed.

Luo Feng activated his large scanner.

Even though he could still detect his enemy without it, he didn’t want to reveal this fact. With the large scanner, the enemy could rely on his mini scanner to jam Luo Feng’s scanner. However, that scanner only had an area of 20km, and with sub light speed…

With such speeds, the air ripples would be torn apart. In fact, there would even be space ripples around.

Even though they sped past, there would still be clear indications in the air and space.

Through the air and space indications, one could naturally determine the accurate location of the enemy.

…

"He’s still chasing."

"Just what grudge does this silver wing emperor have with me, to chase me non stop. Even though he knows he cannot catch me, he’s still not giving up." The youth maintained his max speed and flew. With his mini scanner, he knew that the silver wing emperor was still scanning him. He was filled with rage, "Keep chasing, let’s see how far you can chase me."

"I’m already at maximum speed, you will at most be at the same speed."

"This way, you will never catch me." The youth gritted his teeth.

Xiu!

Like two shooting stars, a small and a large one was flying along the same path.

This chase lasted over six hours.

"Hahaha…"

"Hahaha…" The originally ashen black armored youth suddenly revealed a manic laugh. He maintained his speed as he laughed, "I knew you’d never be able to catch me." … " Since he would never be able to catch up, he would give up eventually! Haha, looks like he’s really given up."

His mini scanner had discovered that the signal from the large scanner had disappeared.

Obviously he had stopped scanning.

"When he stopped his scanning when I was in the cave before, that was understandable. However, with me flying at max speed…I may change directions suddenly. Since he’s stopped his scan, he naturally won't be able to find me." The youth was very happy, he could finally relax after the chase.

He continued flying forward for over three hours, then changing his direction for another day, then changing for another day…

A total of nine days had gone by.

Finally he flew above a large river.

"I’ve flown consecutively for nine days, changing my direction constantly. Without the large scanner…he naturally won't be able to find me." The youth stood in the air above the river and smiled coldly. "Silver wing emperor? Hehe, I won’t forget your chase, this grudge…I will definitely return it."

Sou!

He pierced straight into the river. It was blue in color and deep, as cold air emanated from it.

…

Half a day later.

A black disc ship appeared in the air above the river, within the control room.

A black armored and black winged Luo Feng sat in his sofa, lifting a glass of boiling tea and sipping.

"Cautious indeed." Luo Feng smiled. "How would you know…that despite all this, I can still easily find you."

The powerful calling that Luo Feng’s cells reacted to, just how strong was that.

Every cell was jumping from it, and locked in on the treasure’s location.

"Killing him sure is difficult."

"I didn’t expect a low emperor to have the ability to use time stop." Luo Feng muttered. "Looks like he should be a genius from one of the Na Shi races." Just like humanity with its many other races, some with more talent than others, the demon race had the empires, royals and so on, the Na Shi race was similar.

"Time stop."

"If only I had this move too." Luo Feng muttered.

Teleportation and time stop, they were both heavenly techniques.

Teleportation, it was a space heavenly technique.

Time stop was that of the time laws.

In comparison, time stop was stronger. The moment one was hit by it, they would instantly be unable to defend, the enemy could choose to flee or attack. Of course, it took different amounts of time to break through the time stop. Luo Feng was unprepared, he didn’t expect a low emperor to have the ability to use it.

If one is prepared, he could maintain his defenses. However he would still require about a second to break through.

To a pinnacle emperor, he would simply take 0.1 second to forcefully break through.

However…

To an emperor, 0.1 seconds was enough to attack multiple times.

"Luckily, the Na Shi race truly thought I was an emperor level with an undying body. With his level of strength, he wouldn’t even be able to damage me, hence he chose to flee." Luo Feng thought. "However that was right. Even if he attacked me, the Golden horned beast has the general armor and the cloud contact vine within it. With these two defenses…even if he self destructs, I may not die."

The cloud contact vine was huge.

Hence, it could form a layer of armor over the entire beast easily.

…

The disc ship floated above the river, suddenly a huge silver beast appeared and the ship disappeared.

Hu!

The beast looked down and rushed into the river.

It easily rushed tens of thousands of km in, only then did it stop. The secret regions were filled with dangers about, this river was cold enough to freeze even a domain lord warrior. But of course, it was no threat to the Golden horned beast.

"Alina."

"Master."

"Million bugs, once again, give my enemy beautiful fireworks."

"Yes master."

The beast looked down at the huge deep river. It reached over one million km deep. But, some regions were only 200,000 to 300,000 km deep. The beast saw through the bottom rock layer, down where the youth was hiding. The experience from the previous battle made it very clear that it was impossible to defeat this youth through normal battle. Especially with his time stop.

Luo Feng didn’t know his strengths before.

Now that he did, he naturally wanted to eliminate him with one move without giving him a single chance.

"Kill him within 30 seconds!"

"Weng weng weng…" The malevolent tiger armored kings appeared around the beast. A million of them were like countless locusts. And beside them, the mother nest appeared.

Everything happening about was jammed by Luo feng’s large scanner.

As he maintained about 600,000 km of distance from the enemy, and the enemy’s small scanner only had a diameter of 20km, he naturally didn’t discover this.

"Attack." Luo Feng ordered.

"The coordinates are…" He informed Alina.

…

Below the rock layer of the river, within a cave lay an F9 ship. The youth had a total of over ten such ships. As he had twelve undying underlings all with different improvement speeds, the strongest were the two that came along with him before.

Among the other ten, six were officials while four were normal undying generals.

Within one of the cabins in the F9 ship was a G grade cabin. With a length and width of 10m and height of 5m, it was more expensive than the tens of other F9 grade ships.

"Your majesty, the silver wing emperor truly doesn’t care about his safety. With the automaton bounty, if he flies in the air, he could easily be detected by the automaton camp, Hence, it’s normal that he didn’t chase. And he cannot deal with you either, you don’t have to worry."

Three underlings sat beside him.

"Hm." The black armored youth nodded.

"This G grade cabin should have some use against that terrifying attack from before." The youth thought.

A cabin able to diffuse 90% of the attack would be not bad already.

Luo Feng had the Sha Wu wings and the material used to make it had an effect better than a G grade cabin, yet it could still only diffuse over 90% of an attack.

"Ambush!"

The youth’s expression suddenly changed.

Rumble!

A terrifying attack tore through the layers of stone and hit the ship. This made the youth’s eyes gleam with fear: "I didn’t even detect any scan, how can we get attacked? Is the silver wing emperor so terrifying that even his large scale scanner is better than my mini scanner?"

Rumble…

The F9 ship was almost like a box being ripped open, the internal cabins were reduced to bubbles as the explosion hit the G grade cabin.

Rumble! The G grade cabin was like a soccer ball being kicked.

Sou!

It became like a shooting star and flew out. The surrounding millions of km of space was already torn apart, and this G grade cabin had a huge dent in the part where it was hit. A tear occurred at the middle of it as layers of space spun madly within, it was tragic for the black armored youth.

The moment he sensed the attack, he instantly kept his three underlings.

However, the force of the combined attack from the bug army was simply too terrifying. It instantly destroyed the F9 ship and exploded on the G grade cabin. Even though it only destroyed part of that cabin, the force it generated…reduced the chairs and tables within to dust. The space particle flow within flowed madly, even the low emperor youth was shaken so badly his body exploded.

Sou! His body reformed.

"It actually destroyed 3% of my undying body." The youth was completely shocked. Without the G grade cabin, he probably would have died instantly from that attack. After which…he expanded his law domain.

At this time, he was already amidst the particle flow.

"Silver wing emperor!" He discovered a huge silver beast amidst the particle flow rushing in, flying straight at the cabin.