Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 819: Checking Every Inch

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

In the air above the vast land, six pyramid ships floated in the distance. With the six of them as base points, they shot out countless beams of light that interweaved and linked together, forming a white space. It was almost like a white fog space…the hexagon prison!

Over 100 million km in area was completely cut off from the outside world!

"Within this prison, even weapons or incredibly weak creatures cannot escape detection!" Ci Wei Ka floated in the air above the river. Even the river and mountains were all part of the white fog space.

"Incredible." Black Grace emperor said shocked.

"This is something an automaton knight built." Black Jade smiled. Any automaton was a master of mechanics. They could easily build a huge empire, and of course as they got stronger and their comprehension grew, the things they built would naturally get stronger.

The things a knight level master built would naturally be extremely rare and expensive.

"That Silver Wing emperor cannot escape." Ci Wei Ka said softly.

"Search!"

He gritted his teeth, "Check every inch of this place, anything with a life imprint or life force, search it all."

Weng!

Weng!

Weng!

The hexagon prison’s mist suddenly shot out visible white threads, as countless threads began to search the area within thoroughly. For such a scan, just one wave alone was incredibly detailed, and the amount of energy it used was incredible. It was enough to make a normal undying broke.

"One suspicious item, two…" The six pyramids swiftly reported. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Thirty nine seconds had passed and the search was completed. They found eighty two suspicious items.

"Lock in on them."

"Target confirmed." Ci Wei Ka ordered.

"Black Jade, to save some time, come with me to check these items." Ci Wei Ka looked at Black Jade beside him and said.

Black Jade nodded.

The area within the prison was afterall over 100 million km, and these eighty two targets were scattered throughout. Just flying alone would take over one hour, and they couldn’t afford to waste time. The more time they wasted, the easier it was for these to change.

"These are the eighty two points." Ci Wei Ka swiftly sent them over.

"Leave it to me."

Sou!

Black Jade grabbed on to Ci Wei Ka and swiftly arrived at the first point.

"Hm?" Ci Wei Ka looked at the alloy remains wrapped about by the white threads, sending his undying energy to scan it further, frowning, "It’s just the remains of a universe ship."

"On to the next one." Black Jade once again teleported.

…

Of the eighty two suspicious items, sixty two were ship remains, nine were weapon fragments, ten were fragments of damaged undying bodies and one world ring. Basically anything with any energy was detected.

When they found the world ring, Ci Wei Ka was very happy. He shouted, "Silver Wing emperor, do you think that I wouldn’t detect you if you hid in a world ring?"

He immediately destroyed the ring, and normal items scattered around Several of the sturdy items were ok, while everything else…Ci Wei Ka didn’t even find anything that could hide the Silver Wing emperor.

"This world ring, according to my scan of the surrounding rocks, have been here for over 100 million years. This was one from a battle that long ago, it’s weird that it wasn’t discovered." Black Jade said, "However, the Silver Wing emperor won’t be inside."

"Just where is he?" Ci Wei Ka gritted his teeth.

"Black Grace." Ci Wei Ka looked at him.

The black robed Black Grace emperor said coldly, "Don’t suspect a pinnacle emperor. I wouldn’t degrade myself and lie just for your two hundred million indigo gems worth of treasure!"

These warriors all had eternal lives. At their level, respect and dignity was much more important than anything. While they may massacre others or get cursed …there were some matters like lying and cheating that would be considered as a huge disgrace.

If it were some huge treasure, that may be explainable.

But for 200 million indigo gems…this was something a pinnacle emperor wouldn’t do.

"Then where is he?" Ci Wei Ka floated in the air above the river and looked about.

"There are three possibilities."

Black Jade communicated mentally, "First, he’s hiding in a slit of space and hasn’t returned to the actual universe, and he’s deep within. From a normal standpoint, the chances of him digging deeper into the slit of space after a battle is extremely low, not over 1%."

"Second, he’s within the hexagon prison, only we cannot find him and the prison cannot detect him. This can mean that his scanner or other techniques are very advanced, and the chances of this happening is at 20%."

"Third, he’s escaped your Hexagon prison area, and this has the highest probability."

"How did he escape?" Ci Wei Ka looked at him.

"There are many methods." Black Jade said, "Silver Wing is well known for his instantaneous speed and dodging. With his accomplishments in space laws, he may have comprehended teleportation. After killing the enemy, he may have teleported away."

"Teleportation? It hasn’t been a year, how could he learn that so quickly?" Ci Wei Ka shook his head, "It cannot be."

"It’s hard to say."

Black Jade continued, "Another reason is that after his enemy sent out messages before his death, it may have been leaked to the human camp. The Silver Wing emperor definitely has friends within the human camp. Just when we were about to make a move the last time, didn’t someone come and teleport him away? It may be the same this time."

"I don’t believe this!"

"I don’t believe!" Ci Wei Ka gritted his teeth. Even though he knew that Black Jade’s words were logical, he didn’t want to accept it. He couldn’t accept the Silver Wing emperor escaping once again.

"Hexagon prison, use maximum energy!" Ci Wei Ka ordered, "Area…the entire prison!"

"Destroy!"

"Destroy everything within the prison, the rivers, the mountains etc, reduce them to nothing!" Ci Wei Ka’s eyes gleamed with madness. "Reduce this entire area of over 100 million km to nothing, only then will there be no doubt."

Rumble…

Large amount of energy poured from the six ships, and mad explosions occurred within the entire area.

One had to know that the strongest combined attack from the bug king army would at most spread over 10 million km. This huge area…was much bigger! Hence the strength of attack within each area would definitely not compare to the bug clan’s attack, it could at most destroy E2 or E3 grade metals.

No matter how strong the energy was, after it spread over such an huge area, the overall damage would be lessened.

Though this was weak.

The river stones and mountains, other than few exceptionally sturdy ones, were mostly unable to withstand such an attack. An endless stream of rocks and mountains were exploding to nothing, and the rivers were destroyed too with large amounts of the ground disappearing.

99.9% of everything was reduced to nothing.

Only few things remained torn apart.

Some other even more sturdy items remained undamaged.

Actually back when Luo Feng was in shattered stars, every fragment there could take a sector lord pinnacle’s attack. Even though Yan Ji main continent was much bigger, its materials weren’t as sturdy.

…

"Damn."

"He’s actually doing something like that, this energy usage must at least be akin to a high emperor’s self destruct." A seemingly split apart rock lay amongst the rubble. Its energy and material etc all seemed just like any other rock.

In truth, it was the transformation of the Mosha clansman. By relying on its natural ability of cloning, it completely transformed into a rock. Hence…unless a warrior uses his undying energy to scan the internal portion of this rock, simply relying on scanners of its appearance, there was no way for them to know.

"Spread over one hundred million km! So much energy was used. Using a flame god crystal would be understandable, which was the most expensive method to condense an undying’s energy. However relying on a device to do so…so much energy must be worth 10s of millions of mixed elements, that automaton punk must be furious."

…

"Attack!"

"Attack and destroy everything!" Ci Wei Ka gritted his teeth. He wanted to completely destroy everything within this area…only then would he be satisfied and sure that the Silver Wing emperor got away.

******

When Luo Feng was trapped in this situation, within a spacious hall in the virtual universe.

There were 108 ancient thrones within, and every one of them had warriors, be it human or other races, they gave off terrifying energies.

"We gathered everybody because, according to information from the outer region wars, the human sector lord Luo Feng has successfully killed a low emperor!" A purple armored giant with a peculiar helmet spoke.

"Impossible."

"He cannot kill a low emperor yet."

"I request…for everybody to view the footage."

The news made many about deny it immediately.

"Attention, relying only on his sector lord body, he’s naturally unable to kill a low emperor. However…the contribution points were awarded to him, it means he does have some special methods to kill a low emperor. According to the rules of our Hong alliance, since he’s done so, whether its treasures or methods, as long as one kills a low emperor…it means we can bring him in." The purple armored being said.