Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 822: Encounter

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

After completely searching through and taking out the treasures the Na Shi youth left behind, the goods spread over 10,000 km across the vast grassland. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Even though it was plenty, there were only few with value.

One of which…instantly attracted his attention.

"29 cm 1,000 year light?" Black clothed Luo Feng looked at a laser like item, this 29cm of light was lying on the ground, after careful examination, he could feel the light warp about it, naturally being drawn in.

1,000 year light, it was a peculiar item, it was a material used to create time based weapons, these sort of materials would occasionally occur within a black hole or within a secret region.

It was priceless.

"This 29cm 1,000 year light, it would cost at least 3 billion points in the treasure trove." He muttered, "That Na shi warrior actually had such a treasure."

"Green White dew, 32km, diameter 2.1m-8.2m."

"360 beads of 9 light grains."

…

After separating the goods, he got more and more excited.

"Seeing how he’s accumulated so many materials, he must have been planning to forge a powerful time base weapon." Luo feng muttered, "That black whip was made of good materials too, it could change in size and meld with the time laws, however its price is only within 1-200 million points. How could it compare to these…just the materials alone would cost about 8 billion points, and this is with my discount and all. That Na Shi youth would probably have to pay even more, the weapon he would create from these would have been terrifying."

After documenting all the items.

Luo Feng smiled.

Very good.

The points and wealth accumulated from killing normal warriors could never compare to simply killing one with a huge background. Of course…the bigger their background, the harder it was to kill them. That Na Shi youth…from Luo Feng’s perspective, was much harder to kill than Ci Wei Ka.

The black armored youth, Ci Wei Ka and Luo Feng.

They all had huge backgrounds. If they succeeded in killing Luo Feng…the Sha Wu wings, the beast god armament, the Luo Ke holy water, the black metal boards, the general armor, they’d truly strike it rich.

Even with background…the knights behind the black armored youth and ci wei ka would never dare barge into the outer region wars. As for Luo Feng’s teacher the primal chaos city leader, he had said so himself…he didn’t wish to have to go save Luo Feng, afterall he could do so with his position.

However it was somewhat of a disgrace.

Unless he was completely forced into a corner, the city leader would never come.

******

"Hm."

"The spoils are not bad." Luo Feng nodded.

The beast beside him was gazing down at the blur of items, suddenly a seemingly normal crystal attracted its attention, he looked down…it dark gold eyes staring at the crystal amidst the countless other items, it was a round and normal looking crystal.

Sou!

Black clothed Luo Feng flew to it and stared.

The round crystal ball was the size of a soccer ball, it lay on the ground.

"Xiu." World energy floated about the crystal before permeating it.

Weng!

Just as the world energy entered the crystal.

It suddenly lit up.

Hua!

All sorts of colors glowed from it, it shot out light in all directions, almost like a glaring sun, endless lights engulfed the entire world, within the lights, Luo Feng and the beast felt discomfort within the space and time.

"My god." Luo Feng stared.

"Howl." The beast howled, staring wide eyed.

The 2 bodies stared at the normal looking crystal that was glowing brightly with many colors, that mysterious powerful energy…and the discomfort of the time and space…instantly made Luo Feng understand!

"Huge treasure!"

"I’ve found a huge treasure!"

"Damn, this is that Na Shi youth’s true treasure, I’ve been curious…at low emperor level, how could he unleash time stop. That move is even harder than teleportation. This must definitely be a huge treasure." Luo Feng muttered, staring hard at the glaring crystal.

Actually, when the Na shi youth unleashed time stop, Luo Feng had thought…he had used a combination of his talent and law comprehension to do so.

After seeing the mysterious crystal…

Luo Feng instantly deduced, that ability was most definitely from the crystal ball. Luo Feng had seen many treasures, however he rarely saw something with such powerful energy.

Chi chi chi…" A blur of mysterious words began to appear on the surface of the crystal, the strokes of the words were like engravings, even though Luo Feng didn’t understand them, he instantly understood them.

"These words!"

Luo Feng was staring intensely.

"Demon note inheritance! It’s the same words from the demon note inheritance!"

Yes.

Luo Feng had seen these words once before, it was back then when he accepted the demon note inheritance. The same mysterious words from before, even though he didn’t recognize the words, he still instantly understood what they said.

The content was simple, the summary was…

"This is the inheritance crystal of Dream light god, any sector lord life form with a soul can fully accept it."

"After completing it, he can begin training in Dream light god techniques."

"Completing the inheritance to perfection will make one a god messenger. The messengers can meld these crystals with their body, if successful…he can become a new Dream light god candidate."

"The universe is vast, however there will only be one Dream light god."

"If one becomes the candidate, the others with the crystals can only at most become messengers. Only when the candidate falls will a new one emerge."

"The inheritance occurs once every 10,081 eras, this one was used 82 eras ago, it requires another 9,999 eras…to accept another."

…

Luo Feng blinked after reading.

He understood this dream light god candidate…meant that there were many that actually made huge progress with this inheritance. It was obvious the difficulty was far below that of the demon note inheritance, back then the demon note inheritance had said, over countless years, not a single being had completed it.

And the way of inheritance seemed different too.

The demon note inheritance went step by step, only reaching the end…will it allow one to have great progress!

This dream light inheritance was first learning the technique and training it, when one reached the level of messenger, he could wait for the current candidate to fall and grow.

"Another 9,999 eras for the next one?"

"Damn."

"1 hundred million years?" Luo Feng couldn’t help but laugh, "Looks like the last inheritance was definitely used by that Na shi youth, he definitely got the technique within, hence he could use time stop."

"What do I do about this?" Luo Feng muttered.

This was a treasure, yet he couldn’t use it.

Simply guessing alone, it was clear that this was related to the time laws, he however walked the path of the beast god, this path…was a true path of the universe masters, mainly fusing gold and space. Naturally he wouldn’t waste time in studying the time laws, specializing was more efficient, spending time on what he was proficient in.

However he couldn’t use this…

But it’s value was undeniable, this was an inheritance crystal, one that occurred once every 10,081 eras, it was hard to determine its worth.

"I cannot use it."

"It’ll be a waste in my hands, anyone who wants to use it will have to wait 9,999 eras." Luo Feng shook his head, "Only those that have lived that long would have the patience."

"Hm, I’ll go ask teacher on how to deal with this."

He instantly made the decision.

******

The dream light god inheritance crystal was something he had never seen within the treasure trove, it was obviously much rarer, such a treasure…it was easiest to get an answer from the primal chaos city leader.

"True Yan is training in the space laws too, he’s at the final step now to becoming a knight. This is useless to him." Luo Feng was very grateful to True Yan, if he could help him, he would definitely do it, however…True Yan was at the final step, many valuable treasures were useless to him.

The useful ones, Luo Feng couldn’t afford.

…

Virtual universe, at the highest peak of thunder island, endless primal chaos energy engulfed the palace, that was the city leader’s palace.

Shua.

Luo Feng appeared outside the entrance and stepped in, walking inwards.

"Teacher." Luo Feng bowed respectfully.

"What’s the matter?" A calm voice resounded from the chaos energy.

"I’ve just acquired a treasure from the outer region wars." He said respectfully, "This treasure…I’ve never seen it before, after checking it, mysterious words appeared on the surface and I got to know that it’s an inheritance crystal for the dream light god."

"God inheritance crystal?" The city leader walked out from the chaos energies.

Even though he didn’t show any of his strength, a life form at that level naturally made Luo Feng submit. The city leader’s expression was casual, his eyes deep and profound, he smiled, "You actually got an inheritance crystal, your luck sure is good, even the Hong alliance has only collected over 8,000 such crystals, as for the dream light god crystal, the Hong alliance only has 1, it’s very rare."

"Ah…" Luo Feng blinked.

"Not strange."

The city leader said, "Back then when you accepted the demon note inheritance, there were 32 palaces there. The demon light inheritance has tens to over 100, why the surprise?"