Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 825: 2nd Volume

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Luo Feng carefully read through the Hong Alliance information, getting more shocked as he read.

The Hong alliance gathered all the strong warriors about, and just who would get the treasures owned by an entire race? Naturally the powerful emperors or knights, and the universe masters that stood above them all. They owned large amounts of the entire race’s wealth.

Hence…

Several auctions held by the banks for their guests, compared to the deals of the Hong Alliance…were considered small fry.

Their normal deals alone were worth billions of mixed elements.

Some larger deals were worth even more.

Some other even rarer items only involved barter.

…

Auctions! Huge deals! Elite teams that explored secret regions! Outer region wars elite team! Teams formed from similar interests and goals! In all…even though there were only more than 3 million in the alliance, they controlled large amounts of humanity’s wealth and protection.

Humanity was ruled by the Hong alliance!

The primal chaos city leader, Void gold master and other super powers they may all benefit the survival of the race, however when it comes to their own personal development, there would naturally be conflict! Afterall, the city leader, void gold master, Dragon Yan master…they all had their own goals!

Humanity had its own internal competition, the other races naturally fought hard to get more resources too!

In all…

The Hong alliance was a true place where fish and dragons mixed, the powerful were all within.

"Just the information I’m allowed to access has so much, it sure has huge benefits and the competition is fierce…hm, I’ll have to spend some time studying this information."

"However, I’m currently training the Nameless manual volume 2."

"The earth body’s training is fast, it’ll complete soon, then I will have enough strength to stay on the main continent with just the earth body alone."

******

Yan Ji main continent, within his base.

Luo Feng wasn’t in a hurry to go to Hong alliance city, it was a deep and huge place that he’d have to explore properly. "The 1st volume of the nameless manual took 3 months for the earth body to complete, the golden horned beast however took 29 years."

"This 2nd volume should be about the same."

…

As time passed, in a blink of an eye, Luo Feng had already trained in the 2nd volume for close to 3 months.

Internal world, within the vast beach.

A half naked Luo Feng sat crossed legged on the sand, his body glowing as he gave off a different energy. Just like the golden horned beast or Hui suo beast, even asleep, they gave off a powerful energy, this was the pressure formed from the evolution of life itself.

The golden horned beast was a pinnacle bloodline, at sector lord pinnacle, it was ten times that of a human!

Completing the 2nd volume, his earth body would be 6 times that of a normal human! That was akin to the royal family of the demon race.

"Phew."

He opened his eyes, "Done."

"My body has reached 6 times that of a normal human, not the 9 times that I guessed." He shook his head and laughed, "I’m too greedy, this gene evolution is already heavenly, it’s made my body akin to a royal bloodline demon. If I complete the 3rd volume, I’d probably reach the pinnacle space beast bloodline."

This nameless manual had a total of 9 volumes. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

The 1st amplified 3 times.

The 2nd, 6 times.

The 3rd…

Until the 9th.

Simply relying on it allowed his normal human body to evolve past a golden horned beast or Hui Suo beast bloodline, his basics would surpass all. Breaking through the constructs of the universe laws, just how heavenly was this? Luo Feng’s high position naturally made him realize just how valuable this technique was.

"Time to try absorbing blood river crystals, I absorbed a total of 8 before…now that I’ve competed the 2nd volume of the nameless manual, my foundation has grown further, almost compared to a golden horned beast, akin to a royal bloodline demon." He thought, "I may be able to become the Black warrior that hasn’t occurred over countless years in Blood river continent."

Hua hua…

The ocean rushed against the shore, covering his calves.

"Begin." He flipped his hand and a beautiful blood river crystal appeared, he slashed his palm with his finger and grabbed the crystal.

The pain from the absorption of the 9th crystal was easily withstood.

He stood on the beach.

Regaining his composure after awhile.

"Very good."

"Success!"

"The absorption of the 9th was successful, let’s see how the 10th goes." The originally calm Luo Feng couldn’t help but hold his breath, swiftly grabbing another crystal, easily withstanding the illusions. As the energy poured into his body, it was completely different from the golden horned beast absorbing the energy into separate parts of its body. This energy poured into his entire body.

Chi chi chi…

All his muscles shook violently.

Ka! His expression changed as he fought hard, looking down at the crystal in his palm, it was already translucent as the final changes occurred within his body.

"I must succeed!"

"I must!" He frowned and felt his entire body.

His bones and muscles felt like they were being torn apart, about to crumble at any time. The blood river energy poured into every cell in his muscles and the pressure within grew larger and larger, finally as the last bit of energy entered, the pressure faded away like water seeping away.

The scales that had covered his entire body began to disappear.

Luo Feng stood quietly on the beach, silent.

"Hahaha…I’ve succeeded!"

"I’ve become a black warrior a true black warrior!" He couldn’t help but wave his right fist excitedly, triggering ripples in space as his powerful force rushed in all directions, causing the calm waves to rise over hundreds of meter into a tsunami as it poured over.

"10! The 10th has succeeded."

"The black warrior is a legend in blood river world, yet I’ve succeeded." Even though he knew early on that he might succeed, he still couldn’t help get excited over the success.

His success was actually very normal.

In terms of genes, he far exceeded the aboriginals of blood river world, even akin to a royal bloodline demon Qi Niu…Qi Niu even absorbed more than him, one was because its genetics were high enough, secondly he was a aboriginal of blood river world, from birth, it had been shaped by the formless beast god pressure about, it naturally could absorb better.

"Even though I almost failed at the end, it went through."

"If my guess is right…" His eyes gleamed, "Whether the earth body’s strength soars or grows slowly, it all depends on this."

"Blood river energy!"

His eyes gleamed with madness.

Rumble, dark gold appeared throughout his body, his eyes gleamed dark gold too as his body seemed to shrink a little, almost like iron, sturdier. At this time…he didn’t seem like a human at all, he seemed like an absolute beast.

"My guess was actually right!" His eyes gleamed with glee.

"Hahaha…"

"I actually got it right."

"Triggering the blood river energy in the earth body after absorbing 10 crystals creates a change in my genetics, my strength actually soars and reaches 10 times that of before." He was extremely elated.

Right, his body strength was 10 times stronger than before.

Back then when the golden horned beast absorbed 10 crystals, it’s right claw had the strength of its entire body, akin to 2 times that of before.

1 was 2 times! This was 10 times!

Luo Feng had guessed this early on.

The theory was simple, as the golden horned beast’s body was huge, the blood river energy could only cover its right claw! Just its right claw could absorb 10 crystals, akin to its entire body’s strength…just how strong was it? The claw alone was akin to only a tenth of the body before, now it was as strong as the entire body…

10 times!

The claw was at least ten times stronger before it absorbed the crystals!

The beast had absorbed 100 crystals, making its right claw now 10 times that of the entire body, how much had it evolved? At least over 100 times.

…

The beast’s body was huge, it was both a good and bad thing. The bad side was that it made absorbing the crystals harder.

The earth body absorbed the crystals’ energy into his entire body, his entire body evolves, naturally his body could easily reach 10 times that of before.

"Very good, that’s a good surprise, looks like my theory from before is right." He was very excited as he shouted, "Beast god transformation!"

Countless scales began to appear throughout his skin, he became a human beast god.

"I’ve succeeded."

"The beast god transformation is a success, hahaha…my earth body has enough strength now." As he thought of battles ahead, he couldn’t help but laugh loudly.

…

Training in the nameless manual evolved his genes, his strength was akin to 6 times that of a pinnacle sector lord human! With the trigger of the blood river energy, this evolution from the blood of the beast god itself…made his strength rise 10 times. He thus now had 60 times that the strength of a human pinnacle sector lord.

The beast god transformation’s 1st level amplified his strength by 2 times!

That was 120 times!

The general armor’s requirement was 100 times sector lord strength.

"Haha…"

"I’ve got another emperor’s strength." The human beast god flipped his hand and a silver crystal appeared, general armor crystal, "General armor, fusion!"

Sou!

The general armor immediately entered his body and became countless threads that connected to his every cell and muscle and organ etc…the pressure from the fusion was huge, however now Luo Feng could easily withstand it, the word general appeared on his chest before disappearing within.

"General armor, appear!"

A silver armor swiftly appeared throughout his body, it gave him the strength of 10,000 sector lords, easily making his body strength reach emperor level! Along with his blade work and pinnacle techniques…

He got the strength of an emperor!

"Haha…from today on, I have 2 emperors’ worth of strength."

"With the earth body and the golden horned beast both at emperor level, those I’m unable to deal with alone, I can use both bodies!"