Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 828: Gold armor

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Luo Feng carefully examined the gold armor before him, especially the energy that was simulated from it. It was similar to the soldier and general armor. But the only thing was…this armor was something scanned and simulated in the virtual universe. Hence, Luo Feng couldn’t feel the calling here.

If it were in reality, he would easily feel it.

That was impossible in the virtual universe.

"The feeling it gives me is similar to the two armors I posses." Luo Feng looked at the picture. On it was detailed information about it along with a price.

"Hm?" Luo Feng couldn’t help but reveal happiness, "Mother flame race…"

The detailed information of the picture.

This armor was acquired from an ancient battle in the race wars. It’s original owner was an emperor of the Mother flame race, who was incredibly powerful. Ten emperors died from his hands…and later on, he was killed by a knight!

The warrior was instantly reduced to nothing from the attack, the gold armor on him however was undamaged. It was a shocking and a mysterious treasure.

This armor was kept as a memento of the battle, after careful examination…

It couldn’t change its size!

Unable to be absorbed into any body!

However its material is sturdy enough so that even a knight would take quite some effort to break through it. Because of the tests, there are three very tiny tears in it.

Even though it cannot change its size…an undying can become undying energy and enter it. The undying can then form his body accordingly. According to the tests, even if one cannot fuse with it, as long as one wears it, soul attacks would be diminished by over 90% by it! Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Even other attacks would have the same effect!

Just with the soul and physical attack diminishing properties…this golden armor is a true treasure, it is priceless! However it’s weakness is…its form is fixed and cannot change, making it slightly troublesome.

1, A fixed golden armor is rigid at the joints. If one is a fighter, he will find it hard to wave his blades.

2, A two meter tall god having to form an over 8m tall body affects his strength greatly. A human undying with a height of 2m would definitely never purposely make himself 10m, 1,000m or even 10,000 m tall. Even though it was possible, it would have great effect on his strength. Hence the original form was the optimum.

3, Even though this gold armor had a helmet, it’s face area was revealed. As long as a soul attack goes through that area, it wouldn’t be blocked by the armor. It’s power wouldn’t be diminished.

3 great weakness.

Combined with it’s incredibly high price…five billion mixed elements, it made it so that no one would even bother asking about the armor.

"Five billion mixed elements?" Luo Feng nodded, "Not bad, it isn’t too absurd."

"Yang."

Wood Jade walked over and saw Luo Feng engrossed in the description of the golden armor. He couldn’t help but laugh, "This armor is very mysterious. It can block both physical and soul attacks. However it’s weakness is obvious, especially the revealed face portion, it makes its strength useless. Especially with its five billion mixed elements price…haha, this armor is useful even for emperors, but who would be willing to pay five billion for an armor they have to change their undying body to fit with so many flaws?"

"Ah?" Luo Feng looked at him, "No one has bought it before?"

Even with so many weaknesses.

It’s strengths were shocking, there should be some who would buy it.

"Of course it’s been bought before." Wood Jade laughed. "Back then the Black phoenix bought one. To fit into it, she changed her body just and even specially making an alloy armor to help it."

"What happened?"

"She met another other race warrior in a secret region and because she changed the size of her body, her strength got lowered! And the other race warrior was much stronger, discovering her mask’s weakness after a while. As her special alloy mask isn’t as good as the gold armor, it only decreased half of the soul attacks."

"The enemy’s soul attack went through her face."

"She fell in the war!"

"Ah what a pity."

Wood Jade shook his head, "One has to know that the most terrifying emperors are those proficient in soul attacks. They pass through space itself and are incredibly fast, able to go in through anywhere. As long as there’s a weak spot anywhere, the defenses of the other parts are useless. The gold armor is useless against it, even making an undying change her form just to fit it, it’s simply a waste and useless."

"If it were cheaper, like about 500 to 600 million, people will buy it more."

"But five billion…"

"It’s enough to make an emperor feel the pinch and not buy something like that." Wood Jade said, "Over countless years, there have been several unlucky warriors that have fallen. Hence no one buys it stupidly anymore. However it is strange…this armor has been transferred about several times, even taken by the enemy but returning after a few battles. However, the price has always been fixed. Theoretically, the price should drop after so long, however it’s always remained at five billion. Ah…when it first appeared its price was fifty billion, and after the 1st user fell, it dropped to five billion. Over countless years, it’s stayed the same."

"Transferred a few times?" Luo Feng was curious, "The universe treasure hall only has this one?"

"They have a total of three."

Wood Jade said, "However, this one with the three tears was the one sold to Black phoenix, I knew her."

"Hm."

Luo Feng nodded and eyed the armor.

Simultaneously decreasing physical and soul attacks?

Unable to change in size?

Unable to fuse with the body?

Mother flame race?

"This is it!" Luo Feng was very sure from the four points. "This is the higher level armor from the soldier and general armor."

"Mother flame race? The soldier and general logo are the same."

"Unable to fuse with the body? Hmph, the mosha body untrained in the nameless manual cannot fuse with the armors too."

"Unable to change in size? It can only do so after the fusion."

"Weaken physical and soul attacks? This confirms it…this is similar to the soldier and general armor."

Luo feng was very excited within.

The Hong alliance was indeed a place where the strong and countless treasure gathered. He randomly stumbled upon a mysterious gold armor and even though all its treasures were priced accurately, it was lucky that no warrior in the alliance had a way to use this armor properly. Hence it wasn’t too expensive.

"I definitely have to buy it." Luo Feng thought.

Luo Feng was very clear about his own trump cards.

Even though the Sha Wu wings were very strong, the more important thing to him was the nameless manual and the general armor. Because, these two could raise his strength. The general armor allowed him to have an extra 10,000 sector lords’ strength, making up for the difference between him and the undyings.

It not only increased his defense and offense, it increased his chances of survival.

General armor!

The Golden horned beast and earth body both had emperor level strength mainly because of it. In terms of law comprehension, Luo Feng relying on the Beast god presence was only at level 18. This is far from Ke Di’s level 20 from back then. However with the mysterious general armor…he had intrepid strength.

Along with the Sha Wu wings and his own pinnacle technique, he could easily kill a pinnacle official. Even relying on the flame god crystal to kill a low emperor.

"If I didn’t have the nameless manual and the general armor…"

"I’d only have official level strength."

"I have to thank the creator of the nameless manual." Luo Feng guessed that since earth humans were nurtured by that great creator, the Mother flame race was probably nurtured from the same creator. The nameless manual should therefore be from the same great creator.

"I have never met him, but he’s given me so much." Luo Feng thought.

"Wood Jade emperor." Luo Feng said.

"Yang?" Wood jade looked curiously at him.

"I need your help in something." Luo feng smiled and walked out of the shop with him.

…

To buy the gold armor, he needed five billion mixed elements!

Luckily it was only five billion, and it was not enough to force him to sell the inheritance crystal. But the goods left behind by the Na Shi youth…Luo Feng had to sell them all.

As for those goods…with his discounted price, Luo Feng would still have to spend at least eight billion points. Naturally the other emperors couldn’t get it at such low prices. Luo Feng was the disciple of the primal chaos city leader, only because of that was he so privileged. The Virtual Universe Company earned very little from him.

…

After a day and a half, Luo Feng finally sold everything.

He first got an estimate from the Virtual Universe Company, they agreed to use seven billion to buy everything.

After which, he asked around the shops in Hong alliance city, and they agreed to buy some, the highest giving him 7.8 billion.

It was crucial to get a good price!

Wood Jade passionately brought Luo Feng around, first to the district where he stayed, then to friends, asking for prices…finally he sold everything at 8.6 billion.

"If I exchanged for treasure within the Virtual Universe Company and then sold it here, wouldn’t I make it rich? It’s a pity that the Virtual Universe Company is very strict to all primal region members, banning any sales of items." Luo Feng sighed. The company nurtured him well and didn’t earn much from him.

Hence the prices were so low.

…

A day and a half later.

Luo Feng came alone to the universe treasure hall, making sure there was no one else around. The treasures were extremely expensive, and it took an emperor countless years to buy one. With only more than three million emperors in Hong alliance city, only a few would come in and browse, it was mostly empty.

"Come here." Luo Feng called the employee.

"Valued customer, what do you want to buy?" He walked over.

"This gold armor is special, I’ll buy it." Luo Feng said.