Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 831: Billows in Yan Ji

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

In the 189th year Luo Feng was in Yan Ji main continent.

Within the edges of the continent, there was a majestic mountain range over a million km high. A silver armored and winged youth was lying on a stone, and beside him was a blood shadow blade. He muttered, "Hope that Night emperor has some good news for me. Hope it doesn't waste my time."

"Sou!" A silhouette appeared beside him.

"He's come." The youth got up.

"Yang, you sure are casual." Night emperor mocked. He was in a dark red armor and he had wings with gold eyes.

"Occasionally."

Luo Feng's eyes were like lightning, giving off a terrifying energy. As a black warrior with a thick mix of the beast god bloodline, he maintained his beast god transformation all the time…along with the pressure the Sha Wu wings gave off, how could it not be terrifying?

"Speak, why have you come to me. And, how come we cannot speak in the virtual universe, but having to come here personally." Luo Feng looked at him.

"Big news, big … but good news." Night emperor emphasized.

"What news?" Luo Feng was curious.

Over time, he had acquired many emperor friends, of which some were in the main continent with him. The main thing was that his earth body form used the name Yang to interact. Naturally the golden horned beast had several friends too, like Star fantasy emperor. However, the beast made friends mostly with the rare other races, and it only had a total of three friends.

The earth body had many friends, of which he was closest to this Night emperor!

Night emperor was one of the human races, a pinnacle emperor with the ability to teleport! He was intrepid and brutal, not easily recognizing others. However the moment he did…he was straightforward and easy with them. Luo Feng had sparred with him several times…after he was recognized, the two of them became true friends.

In the words of Night emperor, "Your instantaneous speed is simply too fast. Even though I'm able to teleport, the moment I do, you've already dodged. Unless one is proficient in soul attacks, it's extremely hard to harm you."

…

"We'll speak in your cave." Night emperor was being very cautious.

"So cautious?" Luo Feng smiled, he could feel the atmosphere as he brought Night emperor into the cave.

Within.

The two of them sat down.

"Yang, you should know of some of Yan Ji continent's legends right." Night emperor said. "Let's communicate mentally, just in case there's some warriors with scanners more advanced than ours. Haha…of course on the main continent, it's rare for that to happen. Anyway, we have to be careful."

"Yan Ji continent legends?" Luo Feng was stunned, "You are speaking of…Sacrificial tower?"

"Hm." Night emperor nodded.

The 7th battlefield had many mysterious places.

Like Yan Ji main continent and Star tower and other battle regions, they all had their legends, like the main continent usually had many sacrificial statues about. Even over trillions of years, they had yet to fully decay, and their energy usage was shocking, making many warriors ponder about the indigenous people of the continent.

"I've heard of some." Luo Feng frowned. "Back then when the 7th battlefield was first opened, I heard that the four pinnacle races swept through the area to forge the battle regions. The indigenous people of the main continent were naturally driven out, and unable to stand up against the four pinnacle races. As it was sudden, only part of them got away, and many others were massacred."

"Yan Ji main continent is most known for its sacrificial towers, and every one of them…is a huge survival base. The indigenous people had many treasures stored within them before taking them along and fleeing."

"However as it was rushed, many didn't manage to get away."

"Some were taken away by the four pinnacle races, while some were left hidden in parts of the continent. I heard that they are mysterious in their construct, that even a knight's god energy cannot detect them. Our scanners cannot detect them at all." Luo Feng said, "Ten towers were discovered so far."

"Have you discovered a tower?" Luo Feng smiled at him.

Night emperor's expression was serious, nodding.

"Damn."

Luo Feng suddenly stood up, staring at Night emperor, "Are you lying to me? Am I truly that lucky?"

"I'm not lying." Night emperor emphasized.

"What's going on?" Luo Feng looked at him, frowning, "We are definitely good friends. However, the Sacrificial towers…they are survival bases from when the indigenous people fled,and they hold a large amount of treasure. That's the amount of an entire race, even though each tower only has a small portion, but it's still a huge amount to us emperors. Such an amount of treasure, there's no need for you to share."

Every place had its own stories.

Like back on Shattered stars, Yan Ji main continent or Star tower.

They all had their own stories.

Yan Ji continent's Sacrificial towers were renowned, and several top battle regions in the 7th battlefield, like Star tower had even more precious treasures that would make emperors go crazy for. Of course, only one appeared once in awhile. But even so, the probability was still much higher than discovering a Sacrificial tower.

"You are right. Even as friends, there's no need to share." Night emperor smiled, "The reason I'm inviting you is because of your flying and dodging abilities. In a critical time with space lockdown, we can rely on it to escape. After sparring so many times, your flying ability…is truly impressive."

"Ha…" Luo Feng smiled.

"I'll tell you in detail." Night emperor emphasized. "I fought with another race emperor, who had hid within a deep cave. Even though he was weaker than me, he's still a high emperor. That fight…we gave it our all and the ground collapsed, and the space tore apart. He was already heavily injured and was fleeing, then we unexpectedly discovered the tower!"

"It's incredibly mysterious, even the knights cannot break through it or detect it. It's a survival base of the indigenous people of the main continent. Naturally both of us were unable to forcefully keep it in our world rings."

"However, at the entrance lay a body of one of the indigenous people. Both of us discovered a talisman to enter the tower. We immediately fought to acquire it, the main thing was that he had the advantage as he got there first. Even though I'm stronger, I only got half of it."

"There were a total of six parts to that talisman."

"I got three and he got three."

"According to the items we found on that body, there was an instruction that said one could enter the tower with the talisman. However, the six parts had to be used from six different sides simultaneously to get the treasure within." Night emperor shook his head helplessly. "Since both of us got part of the talisman, we could enter the tower, However, we could only move about in the living areas etc, the treasure areas within had all sorts of security devices. Hence, we need six of us to enter simultaneously! And to activate that door…"

"Night emperor, these six life forms may need to be indigenous people." Luo Feng frowned. "The tower may have set that only indigenous people can enter, and it wouldn't let us other races take the treasure. Even with the six talismans, we may not be able to get it."

"I definitely understand that." Night emperor said. "However…didn't other warriors acquire the treasures from the other towers before?"

"Anyway, the treasure left behind by the indigenous people is within. Even though this is only one tower, it should be akin to at least a knight's wealth. And over countless years, its defenses may have already grown old and weakened." Night emperor said. "Risking it to get such a treasure, I'd definitely do it. Yang, will you go?"

"Danger comes with risk."

Luo Feng smiled, "Of course!"

Luo Feng was pretty confident of his survival ability. Looking at the history, there were others that had gotten the treasures from sacrificial towers before, why couldn't he do so too?

"Let's go, follow me to look for Piercing tiger emperor." Night emperor said. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Piercing tiger?" Luo Feng asked curiously, "Let's go."

Shua!

Night emperor held on to Luo Feng and teleported.

…

In another side of the continent, Piercing tiger emperor and his team were stationed around a cave in a mountain. It was normal to see one stay either in a cave or underground.

Within a palace.

Luo Feng, Night emperor and Piercing tiger emperor stood there. Even though Piercing tiger wasn't a human, he was from the human camp. Hence, he was naturally on good terms with the other two.

"Yang, Night emperor, why have you come here?" He asked. "And we have to communicate mentally even without any underlings around, looks like it's something big."

"A huge thing indeed." Night emperor began to repeat the story again and tell him about the Sacrificial tower.

"I'm in!"

He slapped the table, "How could I not go for such a chance? Even after exploring the many secret regions amidst life or death, we may not get such a treasure."

"Good." Night emperor was very excited. "I'm proficient in teleportation, Piercing tiger you are proficient in space lockdown and attack, and Yang is proficient in flying. With the three of us combined, and all of us having plant life forms…we can definitely get the treasure."

"We'll set the distribution of the treasure 2:1:1, how's that?" Night emperor looked at the two, "We'll all work together to get the treasure, I'll have the portion of two while you both get one."

Piercing tiger exchanged glances with Luo Feng.

After which, they both nodded at Night emperor." Good."

"Sweet." Night emperor smiled too.

He was clear that these two were not ordinary people. Piercing tiger had strength on par with him, as for Yang…his flying ability was absolute, and they all had their own trump cards as well. Especially Yang…every time he saw him fly, he would get shocked. This movement was something he created himself, and it displayed his amazing talent on how he must be heavily nurtured by the race. If it was something taught by his teacher, it meant his background was terrifying too.