Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 834: The Arrangement

Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

In the ancient era, a huge tragedy fell on the indigenous people of Yan Ji main continent. Back then they were all normal people of the universe, and they didn't even have 10 knights in their race. Against the might of the four pinnacle races forging the battlefield, they were like ants.

The knights knew that they were the main targets, naturally their chances of fleeing were low.

Hence they swiftly distributed their treasures to their people. It was originally distributed to 100 little teams with 9,900 other little teams that acted as decoys. The 10,000 towers had different levels too. These 9,900 teams were used as cannon fodder against the four pinnacle races…using the special energy of the Sacrificial towers to hide the rest from scanners and space ripples etc.

It's material itself was however just average.

Actually…

The 100 inheritance teams had many differences from the 9,900 little teams.

The inheritance teams had six emperors each. But the 9,900 normal teams only had six officials in total!

The treasures within were different too.

The 9,900 teams had little treasures.

The inheritance teams…they were truly treasure troves, they were meant to truly succeed the race eventually.

And obviously…

The tower Luo Feng and the others entered had six emperor guides, and it was one of the 100 inheritance towers!

******

On the mountain peak, the mad winds howled.

The twelve emperors of the survivors exchanged glances, as their eyes were burning with madness.

"Let's go to the tower." The gold robed warrior said.

"Hm." The eleven of them nodded.

The twelve emperors swiftly went through the water membrane…

…

Within the control room of the tower.

The leading gold robed warrior and the other emperors gathered within, and the AI appeared right after.

"Master, look." The AI pointed at the 3d image, "This shows the entire tower, they are following the pathway now."

"Six individuals."

The gold robed warrior stared hard at the six individuals who were clearly projected. Whether it was the gold eyes winged Night emperor, Ice Blade, Gold Cang emperor, Silver winged Luo Feng…they were all clearly shown.

"There are humans and some weak races." The warrior said.

"Completely simulate their energies." A fat emperor standing beside ordered.

Immediately, the six silhouettes were displayed as their original heights and sizes along with their energies.

With the tower's simulation, at least 10% of their energies was emulated. The surviving warriors all looked on, the fat emperor saying softly, "These six…should all be emperor pinnacle, with special items, they may be even stronger."

"What."

"Third brother!"

"Elder!"

The other warriors looked at him. This third brother was the cautious undying back then, teleporting them into his god country. Including the others that were originally in there…that was the only way to keep his people alive. He was the strongest amongst the group, and he hardly ever meddled in affairs. The person usually managing everything was the gold robed warrior.

"Third brother, are you sure?" The gold robed warrior looked at him.

"Yes, I, Qiu Chi Ka, will never be wrong." The fat warrior smiled. "And the six of them…should be from two different camps. Even though they are moving together, they are enemies, we still have a chance."

"Ah."

"Enemies?"

The gold robed warrior and the others continued to observe, swiftly discovering the little traits that allowed them to discern…that the six of them were from two different camps.

"This is our chance." Qiu Chi Ka said, "However, the weak will be useless in this fight."

"Elder."

"Third brother."

It immediately made some of the low emperors shout out.

"Pu Ai is pinnacle emperor, while La Di Mo and Men Bu are high emperor. The three of them including me will make it four. Big brother, you and the other eight should return to the god country." He made the decision. "You won't be of much help, and this fight will be very dangerous. We are unlike the other races with powerful techniques. When we lost our inheritance, we lost a lot of our techniques. The eight of you will still have to lead our race."

"Go back for the future of our race." He gazed at them.

The eight low emperors were reluctant.

"Yes."

"Yes elder."

"For the race."

They finally all followed the elder's orders.

"Elder, god master, you all have to come back."

"You have to survive."

The eight emperors were worried.

"Relax, we will send our true inheritance back to the race." Qiu Chi Ka waved, "Go on."

The eight of them turned around and left via the water membrane.

Only the four strongest and the AI were left in the control room. The indigenous people of Yan Ji continent used to live in their tribes. The main head of the tribe was the god master, while the strongest was the elder. The elder was in charge of leading the tribe while the god master managed it.

Four warriors.

The elder Qiu Chi Ka, god master Pu Ai, La Di Mo and Men Bu. Two pinnacle emperors and two high emperors.

"The enemy will reach the core area soon." The elder pointed at the projection. "The core area has the treasures, everybody knows that it's divided into two treasure rooms and one inheritance room."

"The two treasure rooms have all sorts of expensive materials, weapons and mysterious items."

"The inheritance room is our race's countless years of accumulation of techniques. With them, we will be able to pass on our techniques to the later generations to produce more warriors." He said. "Our race's twelve emperors…all of them came from the disaster era, and none were produced after. This was mainly due to the lack of techniques to nurture the later generation. After all, the techniques we know…are only a small fraction of the race's entire collection."

"Our first goal!"

"To get the inheritance room, and teleport it to the god country." Qiu Chi Ka said, pointing at the two rooms that were being projected. "These two treasure rooms, one has to be opened by our race people, but we got the treasure within long time ago. The other room however requires one of our race people with a talisman to open."

"Two rooms, one with less treasure than the other."

"According to what I know, the second room has tens of times more treasure than the first!" He said, "The second goal is to open this second treasure room."

"Hm."

The other three nodded.

The three rooms all had different levels of difficulty in opening. Opening the room with the least amount of treasure was something they already knew about. As for the other two, one held treasures while the other held techniques.

"Even though the treasure is valuable, the techniques are more important to the race."

"Hence we have to first use all our strength to get the inheritance room." He ordered. "Don't get tempted by the treasure. They may be useful to you but they have little benefits for nurturing our later generations. Everything…for the race!"

"Understood elder." Men Bu and La Di Mo nodded.

"Understood third brother." The gold robed Pu Ai nodded as well.

"Alright." Qiu Chi Ka nodded. "We have a good chance of getting both the treasure rooms and the inheritance rooms. Afterall they have to be activated by our people."

The others nodded.

"Naturally we cannot fight it out with them. The moment we show ourselves, they will team up against us." He pointed at the first treasure room, the one they had opened in the past. "This first room…is the place where I've planned for them to fight it out."

"Elder, but we've emptied this room." Men bu said curiously.

"We just have to put some things in." He smiled. "The treasure case we got back then is still with me, it's just a box, only its material is valuable. I'll put the three cases that we got in the past in there, the cases will simply be empty. When they discover the cases and are unable to scan it with their god energy, along with some message from the deceased elders…"

"Right, right."

"It would be strange for them not to fight."

"They would definitely think we were all dead and there was no other life in the tower."

Qiu Chi Ka nodded, "It's not that we are smart, it's just that they would never expect for us to have survived. Remember…they don't know we are here, and that's our greatest advantage. Until the final moment, we cannot reveal ourselves. We should go arrange the first treasure room now."

He swiftly left the control room and began his plan.

He returned after awhile.

Within the control room, The four warriors looked at everything happening.

"Six talismans."

"They have it, the core has been activated."

"We have to find a way to get at least one of them. Only that way can we activate the inheritance room and the second treasure room."

…

Ge ge ge…

The six pathways shook simultaneously. After revolving for awhile, pathways opened at each end.

Their paths were all clear.

"Core area." Luo Feng carefully covered himself with the Sha Wu wings and entered, finally stepping through the pathway and landing on the ground.

It was a vast hall.

Gold Cang, Purple Clock and Night emperor were already standing there.

"Yang."

"Yang."

Piercing Tiger landed too. The two of them exchanged glances and walked to Night. Ice Blade, Gold Cang and Purple Clock stood together as well.

"Be careful, we are already in the core region. Even though we had to rely on all six to enter here, now that there's no more need to co-operate…a battle can occur at any time." Night communicated to his group. "Yang, especially you. Your undying body is weakest here, that Gold Cang is extremely strong, he may target you first."

"Understood." Luo Feng nodded.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

The distant Gold Cang, Ice Blade and Purple Clock instantly became three beams of light and split into two. Gold Cang flew one way alone while the other two took another path, it was obvious they were trying to get to the treasure faster.