Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 837: Going all out

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Three fire clocks burned the space about into stream particles. They revolved and formed a huge fireball which rushed towards Luo Feng, even controlling the space around and forcing Luo Feng into a corner, making it difficult for him to even move. The incredibly hot fireball rushed over…

"Hmph, controlling space?" Luo Feng flapped his wings and the wings easily tore through the suppressed space, unleashing strike travel.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

He Left behind three visible warps, making the fire clocks hit nothing but the wall, causing the engravings to once again shine and leave the walls undamaged again.

"What terrifying speed!" Purple clock's eyes were filled with shock and rage. Even though he knew that this human was proficient in speed, to dodge in such a confined space…left him baffled.

A spirit weapon attack was actually dodged?

Of course, the combined attack of his three fire clocks became much slower together. However, at such close distance, even normal emperors wouldn't have been able to dodge at all.

"Purple clock, don't waste time!" Gold Cang roared within.

"Bastard, leaving me the troublesome one to deal with."

He cursed within, after which his eyes gleamed as he looked at Luo Feng, roaring, "Human, go and die."

"Howl…"

Purple clock raged as terrifying undying energy erupted from within his body, causing Gold Cang and Night emperor to change their expressions. "Burning his undying body?"

"Good!" Ice Blade's eyes gleamed as he engaged Piercing Tiger.

"Haha…" Gold Cang couldn't help but laugh.

"Burning his undying body? Yang is going to be in trouble!" Piercing Tiger was shocked. "Yang, be careful!"

…

It wasn't just them who noticed what happened. In the core of the control room, the group of indigenous warriors held their breaths and watched as well. They then muttered, "Die, die, hurry and die." In their eyes, these invaders were better off killing each other.

Within the treasure room.

Purple Clock burned his undying body and his energy grew even stronger than Gold Cang's.

"Break!!!"

He looked coldly at Luo Feng, putting part of his burning undying energy into the three fire clocks, making them form three fireballs. Even though they seemed like normal fireballs…every one of them was much more terrifying than a star. They could easily pierce through a star like an iron needle through tofu.

Luo Feng could currently treat stars as playthings. However against these three fireballs…he could only rely on his wings and the general armor to defend him.

They were lightning fast, forming together and attacking. Luo Feng knew…

"I cannot dodge, I can only defend!" Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

As the three clocks had to revolve to form one fireball before, it was much slower. This time they rushed together! And infused with burning undying energy…their power was over 1,000 times stronger! How fast was it?

Luo Feng could only hide behind his wings and cover himself.

Rumble!

Rumble!

Rumble!

The first clock hit Luo Feng's wings and knocked him back into the wall, the terrifying force caused the entire room to shake. The engravings madly shining as the tower began to shake. It was using it's entire construct to diffuse the attack.

The second clock hit! And then the third clock!

Luo Feng was pinned against the wall!

"Rumble…" Te space around the room instantly crumbled into stream particles. Amidst the mad explosions, the engravings shined madly, trying to diffuse the attack. Gradually…the space recovered and peace followed.

"This…" Ice Blade stared wide eyed, his ugly face was warped.

"Wa!" Piercing Tiger opened his mouth wide.

Night emperor couldn't even speak, his eyes filled with surprise and joy.

"How can this be…" Gold Cang stopped his attack against Night and stared at the scene.

"I, I, I…" Purple Clock's expression was complex, shocked and in disbelief.

Against the wall of the room.

Luo Feng gradually slid down and stood back up, smiling at Purple Clock before him.

"I actually didn't destroy him? I burned 3% of my body and he didn't explode?" He was stunned. Burning the undying body was akin to burning one's soul. If he burned 50% of his undying body, that would mean losing half his soul, and his strength wouldn't even be 10% of what it was before!

And burning too much would cause one to lose too much of his soul, and would be unable to maintain a complete consciousness, falling into slumber.

A god's slumber…he would gradually recover his soul in that state. This process took an extremely long time, pass trillions of years, or maybe never even waking up.

Hence normally they would only burn 5% of their bodies! Recovering this much wasn't too hard.

Imbuing the attack with that much energy, like how he did with his three fire clocks…3% of his undying energy was enough, unless one truly simply decided to self destruct. Self destruction had an absolute power and superior advantage, and it would reduce their enemies to nothing!

Purple Clock thought…

Burning 3% of his undying body would at least destroy 10-20% of his opponent's undying body, that was normal.

However…

Luo Feng's wings weren't even scratched!!!

"Good!" Piercing Tiger roared excitedly.

"Yang, your survival ability sure is incredibly. Do you have a pinnacle emperor plant protecting you? Or pinnacle emperor metal life form?" Night communicated surprised, as those were the highest probabilities.

The plant and metal life forms naturally have advantages in their physical states.

If one had a pinnacle plant life form…its body will far exceed an emperor pinnacle human. Also, its regenerative abilities could definitely withstand that attack.

"Haha…" Luo Feng laughed.

Night and Piercing Tiger didn't ask more.

Who didn't have their own trump cards?

Yang's trump cards were probably related to survival and fleeing, only it was at a simply absurd level.

"Haha, the treasure is ours." Night emperor communicated excitedly. "Hurry and escape from the room, we will escape later on! After we get out, we will teleport and distribute the treasure."

"Right, let's go." Piercing tiger said too.

…

The battle scene had changed.

Before, Gold Cang, Purple Clock and Ice Blade had the advantage, they had planned for Purple Clock to destroy Luo Feng's body. Once it was destroyed, his weapons and world ring and so on will be thrown around. Naturally they could take the chance to get the world ring at that time. The world ring…was after all just a storage world.

They would have their own ways to get the treasure within. However now…

"Gold Cang, I cannot deal with him." Purple Clock communicated.

"Gold Cang, what do we do?" Ice Blade said nervously.

"I didn't expect this little human who seemed the weakest to have such a move. He definitely has treasures that aren't proficient in attack or some metal or plant life form." Gold Cang's eyes raged. "Purple Clock, Ice Blade, you two are useless, completely useless. I'll have to go all out now!"

The two seemed enraged.

"When we get the treasure, I get 70%. Purple Clock you get 20% and Ice Blade you only get 10%!" Gold Cang communicated. "Otherwise I lose too much."

"Ok."

"No problem."

Ice Blade and Purple Clock weren't stupid, they knew that with Yang's defense, only Gold Cang could actually destroy his body while burning his undying body. The cost of this emperor limit burning his undying body, just how high was that? Getting 70% was indeed natural.

"Then watch me!" Gold Cang's eyes gleamed with lightning flashing within.

******

It may seem slow, but in truth after Purple Clock's attack against Luo Feng failed, only a few seconds had passed before Gold Cang went all out!

"Ya!"

Green light began to shine from Gold Cang's entire body!

Rumble!

Terrifying energy filled the room. It shook the walls and the engravings flashed. This scene made Luo Feng, Night, Ice Blade and the others all shocked.

"Not good, Gold Cang is going all out."

"He's burning his undying body."

"Flee!"

Everybody, including Luo Feng was shocked.

Gold Cang was a emperor limit warrior. With his body amplification technique, he could unleash up to a million sector lords' strength. If he self destructed, it would be even more terrifying than Luo Feng's million king bug army combined attack! Even if it was only burning a small part of his undying body…it was incredibly terrifying!

However once one reaches his level, the cost of burning any bit of the undying body was huge. Unless one was forced into a corner, they would never do so.

"Flee!"

"Flee!"

"Flee!" Luo Feng and the others panicked, as no one dared to take on Gold Cang in this state.

"Howl…" Gold Cang let out a roar, easily reaching the closest Night emperor beside.

"So fast!" Night couldn't even dodge.

Rumble!

A lightning infused large palm smacked Night emperor's head, with a rumble…Night emperor was immediately reduced to ashes…