Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 840: Treasure

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

At the exit of the tower, Qiu Chi Ka spoke, revealing the secret of the hidden treasure.

"Real and fake treasure?" Luo Feng pondered.

They had to admit that whatever he had said sounded true.

"The treasure chests I got before were empty, plus he could easily tell us about what's been going on. There's no doubt that he was here long before us, that's confirmed."

"There are two possibilities."

"The first one is that, he truly wants to get the true treasure, and it requires the talisman…hence he's here to work with us."

"The second possibility is that everything is fabricated! He had long gotten the true treasure, however since his race was destroyed back then…he holds immense hatred against us. He then set up the plan for us to kill each other. But now that we are about to leave, he's holding us up, it could very likely be a ploy…for revenge." Luo Feng thought.

A survivor of a destroyed race.

If earth was destroyed or humanity was destroyed, Luo Feng knew…that he would probably be driven mad with vengeance too.

"Is it for the treasure? Or revenge?" He hesitated.

…

The other three emperors were doubtful as well.

"Gold Cang, do you think what he's said is true?" Purple Clock said.

"There's a 50% chance." Gold Cang replied.

Rubbish! Purple Clock thought.

"What do we do?" Purple Clock thought.

"I must get the treasure!" Gold Cang's eyes gleamed with ferocity. He had already burnt part of his undying body. Even though he had already gotten Ice Blade and Night emperor's wealth, that little bit couldn't satisfy an emperor pinnacle warrior like him. His aim was only one…the towers treasure.

Without that, he wouldn't be satisfied.

"Then I'll trust you and stick with you Gold Cang. Even if this warrior has any traps set up, it wont go through." Purple Clock said.

"Haha…plans are all useless against true strength." Gold Cang said confidently. "Relax, after getting the treasure, I will distribute it with you accordingly, you get 20%."

"Thanks Gold Cang." Purple Clock felt hatred within but suppressed it.

Before, they had agreed on the ratio of 7:2:1, now that Ice Blade had died, Gold Cang simply decided to take 80%.

…

Qiu Chi Ka simply laughed within, "If you all didn't flee so quickly, I wouldn't have had to take this special path to the exit and risk myself." Luo Feng and the others had flown in two batches earlier.

One was Luo Feng, Gold Cang and Purple Clock.

The other was Piercing Tiger by his lonesome.

While both the groups rushing towards the exit…Qiu Chi Ka was in the control room then, but there was a path that led him straight to the exit. He actually wanted to…simply stop Piercing Tiger and use all four of their warriors to overpower him.

It couldn't be helped.

Without a proper pathway to stop Piercing Tiger, he could only risk it by showing up by himself.

"Greed and ambition, both are things a warrior can never get rid of." He looked at the other warrior's face and relaxed.

"Have you decided?" He asked.

The emperors below all exchanged glances. Even though they were chasing after Luo Feng before…now that they knew the chests were fakes, they didn't want to waste anymore time fighting each other, as there was no benefit in that.

"Ok! I believe you." Gold Cang's voice roared like thunder.

"Qiu Chi Ka, don't do anything stupid." Purple Clock smiled coldly. "I will trust you for now."

"Let's go along then." Piercing Tiger looked at Luo Feng.

The two of them exchanged glances and nodded.

With Night emperor's death, they had to help each other now. Even though Gold Cang was intrepid…Luo Feng's defense was heavenly and Piercing Tiger was a pinnacle emperor too. If they truly fought, even if Gold Cang killed them both, he would have to sacrifice over 10% of his undying body.

That price was too costly…

"As long as we are careful and don't take too much, Gold Cang won't go too crazy. Losing 5 % of one's undying body is easy to recover. Anything over that however is troublesome, and over 10% is even worse." Piercing Tiger communicated.

"Hm, with us together, we can help each other." Luo Feng replied.

The four warriors agreed.

Qiu Chi Ka laughed, "Indeed everyone wants the treasure, however remember what I said before, I get half!"

"I said it too, I agree!" Gold Cang had a downcast expression, as he replied.

The others nodded.

Gold Cang laughed coldly within, "Half? Hmph" It was just lies. He naturally wouldn't do anything yet. But, once the room was open…he would use everything to get the treasure.

"This aboriginal probably has some trump card too." Luo Feng and the others were clear on this.

However for the treasure…

Even if the enemy was strong, they wouldn't give up.

"Follow me." Qiu Chi Ka flew ahead.

"Wait." Gold Cang roared.

Qiu Chi Ka stopped and turned curiously, Gold Cang stared at him coldly, ordering him, "To maintain our trust, you will fly between the four of us."

Shua! Shua! Shua!

Purple Clock, Piercing Tiger and Luo Feng stood around and surrounded Qiu Chi Ka.

"Haha, so strong and yet so cowardly." He mocked.

"It's called caution, a careless warrior will die young." Gold Cang said coldly.

"Then let's go, I'll point the way." Qiu Chi Ka replied, "Just follow this path on the left."

Immediately…

The group began to fly within the tower under Qiu Chi Ka's guidance Luo Feng and the others discovered several hidden pathways on the way. They only needed to push some disguised walls and another pathway would reveal itself.

******

Within the control room.

The god master Pu Ai, La Di mo and Men Bu held their breaths nervously as they watched the projection.

"Elder, elder…" Men Bu clenched his fists, his eyes were clearly filled with worry and anxiety.

"Third brother is doing everything for the race, that's why he's putting himself in danger." Pu Ai said. "The invaders are already acting according to his plan, half of the plan has succeeded! This time…no matter the cost, we have to get the inheritance treasure."

"Hm." The other two nodded.

"Keep watching."

Pu Ai continued, "We'll see if third brother can succeed. Afterall, the invaders are all extremely cautious and clever, and they are strong too. To succeed…we'll need both third brother and a lot of luck."

…

Along a dark internal pathway.

The four warriors surrounded Qiu Chi Ka and flew carefully. The further they got, the brighter the pathways were, after awhile…they arrived within a bright hall.

"Where do we go next?" Gold Cang roared.

"We've arrived." Qiu Chi Ka's eyes were gleaming.

"We've arrived?"

Luo Feng looked around curiously. This huge hall had a diameter of over 10km. The walls were smooth with complex engravings on them, and he didn't see anywhere to hide any treasure.

"Hmph, you invaders, even after standing before the treasure room, you wouldn't even be able to recognize it." Qiu Chi Ka mocked, "Even if you find the treasure room…you wouldn't be able to open it."

"Where is it?" Gold Cang raged.

They all looked at Qiu Chi Ka. He however walked very calmly towards a distant wall, the others naturally followed closely to stop him from doing anything devious.

On the smooth wall…

Qiu Chi Ka took a deep breath and muttered, "My countless dead clansmen. I let these invaders enter the treasure room for the sake of the race's prosperity again. My clansmen…forgive me." He extended his six palms. Simultaneously, the engravings on the wall lit up and rumbled.

"Hm?" Luo Feng turned.

The wall began to pull apart, revealing 10km wide pathway.

"The treasure room is within." Qiu Chi ka said.

"Very good, isn't it good that we all work together?" Gold Cang laughed. However they maintained their cautious position and flew in.

The pathway was only 100m long.

At the end was a door covered in gold light. The engravings on it were incredibly mysterious as it emanated powerful energies.

"This is G grade metal?"

"It's G grade metal!"

"Other than the treasure chests, this is the first time we've seen another G grade metal, and it's the entire door. Just this door alone…should be worth several hundreds of millions of indigo gems." Purple Clock smiled. Beside him Gold Cang smiled as well. The door alone was incredibly valuable.

Looks like…

Everything Qiu Chi Ka said was true, the treasure within must be shocking. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"It was worth it to burn my undying body." Gold Cang could barely suppress his excitement.

Luo Feng carefully observed everything.

No matter what, he had the Sha Wu wings and general armor. Hence, he had a certain guarantee to survive. He naturally wouldn't give up on the treasure that easily.

"Attention all, to activate the door, I have to have a talisman and I will have to personally do it." Qiu Chi Ka said coldly, "Give me the talisman and let me open the room."