Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 843: Purple Clock’s threat

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"The race must rise again, we cannot let the elder's sacrifice be in vain." La Di Mo howled. Men Bu nodded beside him.

"Look at the treasure room!"

The god master Pu Ai said, "The treasure room and the inheritance room. The inheritance room holds techniques that our race has accumulated over countless years for our people, while the treasure room holds all sorts of valuables. As long as they teleport via god country out of the room, we can get the treasure."

"Hm." The other two nodded. Their eyes were gleaming as they watched the projection.

******

Within the treasure room.

The aboriginal Qiu Chi Ka, a pinnacle emperor had self destructed. It took a while for the room to gradually regain its peace.

"Bastard, bastard, bastard!!!" Piercing Tiger howled as he stood in the corner, his eyes were filled with madness.

"Hmph." Purple Clock was ashen. His gaze was fixed on Gold Cang who was in the center of the room.

Gold Cang retained his cold expression.

Luo Feng was like a cocoon pinned against the wall in his wings. He slowly opened his wings and gazed around. Piercing Tiger's energy had dropped to an extreme low. In comparison, Purple Clock didn't seem to have any change, and so did Gold Cang.

"Piercing Tiger suffered huge losses. His undying body has been damaged over 50%!" Luo Feng thought. "But Purple Clock isn't even injured? It's normal that Gold Cang wasn't hurt, but Purple Clock…"

The two enemies.

Gold Cang had reached the limit of an emperor.

Purple Clock was also an emperor pinnacle.

"Hehehe…" Gold Cang laughed coldly.

"You sure know how to act." He turned to face Purple Clock. His voice was booming, "Purple Clock, if it weren't for that aboriginal self destructing, I wouldn't be able to see your Qi Chang race's strength. Other than the attack you used earlier when you burnt 3% of your undying energy, whether it was Night emperor's explosion or this aboriginal's explosion…they didn't even harm you!"

That explosion…

Gold Cang was undamaged.

Luo Feng used the same terrifying defense and was left undamaged. Gold Cang had already predicted that this human had his own trump cards, hence he wasn't shocked that Luo Feng survived.

Piercing Tiger had lost half his undying body. If he was damaged any further, he would fall into a coma, this was within his expectations.

Only Purple Clock, he seemed to only be pinnacle emperor level. When Night emperor self destructed before, he wailed like he was injured. However, as he hid in the room, the explosion spread over a large area. Even Piercing Tiger had barely survived. Even if Purple Clock was injured…it would be hard to tell just from looking.

No one thought of anything special about Purple Clock!

This time was different!

Qiu Chi Ka's explosion was within this small treasure room,which was 20m wide and 10m tall! And it was shut! The defenses of the room made it so that the walls were totally undamaged. This also made it so that his explosion was contained within. Hence, the force of this explosion would have been terrifying.

Piercing Tiger was heavily injured. If he was injured anymore, he would fall into a coma.

Purple Clock however was undamaged, that was weird.

"Cackle…" Purple Clock laughed. His scales contracting on his face, which looked incredibly ugly. His voice was piercing as he said, "Gold Cang, there are trillions of races, and countless treasures. There are also countless dangerous areas, would I not have any survival trump cards?"

"When we planned it out earlier, you didn't say anything." Gold Cang looked at him.

"This is for my survival, there's no need to say anything." He looked down, seemingly giving in.

"Hmph."

Gold Cang snorted coldly.

After which his gaze landed on the human youth and Piercing Tiger, mocking within. Piercing Tiger wasn't even worth mentioning now. As for the human with powerful defenses, his attack was average, and so he was no threat as well.

"Let's everybody try and open this chest." He pointed to the chest, "Who'll try first?"

Who would dare attempt to open the chest?

"Gold Cang, you go first." Purple Clock said.

"Hmph."

Gold Cang walked over to the ancient chest bound by twelve chains. He tried to open it with brute force and skill. After trying everything without any result, he kicked it hard, causing the space about to crumble. "You all give it a shot."

"I'll try." Purple Clock walked up to try. When he reached it, he turned to Luo feng, "Human, don't you want to give it a shot?"

"No need." Luo Feng wasn't in a rush.

Purple Clock tried a few times, failure!

Luo Feng and Piercing Tiger went to try too, still failure!

…

Within the control room.

"These invaders still want to get our treasure? What dreamers!" Men Bu said angrily.

"The treasure is ours." La Di Mo mocked. "These invaders, they don't know when to give up. Look at the strongest Gold Cang, he's about to go crazy. Even so, it's useless, they still wont get the treasure. The only path they've got left is to teleport via god country!"

"We'll wait till they leave and we'll go grab the treasure." Pu Ai said.

The three aboriginals all watched on, waiting…waiting for when the invaders left via their god countries.

******

After a few minutes within the room, the warriors all realized…they had no way to open the chest.

"Maybe I can let the Mosha clansman become a Yan ji warrior and try." Luo Feng stood in the corner and thought. "However as to whether I can deceive the chest system, I don't have a full guarantee. Whether it works or not, I cannot do it in front of others."

"What a waste!" Gold Cang roared, his voice resounding within the room.

The other warriors about mumbled, waste? Ice Blade and Night emperor did get the wealth of the six guides…and all of their wealth ended up in Gold cang's hands. It should be worth at least several tens of billions of mixed elements. That was considered a waste?

"Greed is something all warriors have." Luo Feng couldn't help but sigh, "The difference is whether one can control it or not."

"You three!"

Gold Cang roared, "Teleport via your god country out."

Luo Feng was shocked. He was trying to make the three of them leave first? Wouldn't that reveal their god country location? Wouldn't Gold Cang be able to to follow them after? With his strength…the moment he entered the enemy's god country, whether it was Piercing Tiger or Purple Clock, the god country would probably crumble.

"We have to leave first?" Purple Clock raged, "Gold Cang, you are much more powerful than us. Even if you teleport via god country, none of us would dare follow you. Hence, from what I see…we should leave according to our strengths, the strongest should go first and the weakest last."

"Right." Piercing Tiger roared too.

"I agree." Luo Feng nodded. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

They were very clear that they had to work together now.

Within the dark treasure room, Gold Cang who was covered in lightning roared, "Anybody who betrays me…will die!!!"

"Even if we don't betray you, we will die too!" Purple Clock's eyes gleamed with ferocity

"I've already suffered heavy damage and will take countless years to recover. Gold Cang, don't push it." Piercing Tiger's eyes were filled with madness. How pitiful was he, he didn't even get any treasure and yet he was so heavily injured. As an emperor, he still had some pride. The long periods of time have made it so that many of them did not fear death, and choosing to self destruct was a common thing.

Luo Feng looked at Gold Cang.

It was obvious that an unspoken alliance between the three weaker warriors had formed.

"Ah?" Gold Cang's eyes gleamed with lightning. He looked curiously at the group, "What guts!"

"I've already activated my virtual world broadcast." Purple Clock gritted his teeth at Gold Cang. "Everything here on out would be recorded. If you dare make a move, even similar camp allies attacking another, no one can protect you!"

"Broadcast?" Gold Cang looked mockingly at Purple Clock, "This tower jams all signals and cant even be detected. You can only use the basic recording with your own vision. I've long ago warped the light around and noise travels straight into your brain. You have no way to record this."

"Ah…"

Purple Clock's expression changed.

"Haha…this tower, even the most expensive scanners are useless before it, and even god energy is useless. Although your virtual world device has some recording ability, but anything recorded and not broadcasted can easily be edited, it cannot serve as evidence at all. What's more, I control the light and sound, haha…" Gold Cang looked madly at Purple Clock, "For you to block that aboriginal's explosion and go undamaged, looks like you have some treasures on you."

"That human had blocked it too." Purple Clock looked over nervously.

Luo Feng's expression changed when he heard.

"Him?"

Gold Cang looked curiously at Luo Feng. "His strength cannot compare to yours, but his defenses are absurd. He must have some special techniques or something. Relax…you all, I will settle you one by one. Even though I cannot get the treasure in here, combining the wealth from the three of you, it's considered a small compensation."

The three of them were all shocked, Gold Cang had revealed his true colors.

"Don't get too cocky." Piercing Tiger said hoarsely.

"Shut up! You are so heavily injured, that your explosion won't even harm me in the least." Gold Cang mocked. "I'm not even interested in your little wealth. I value these two more." He turned to face Luo Feng and Purple Clock.

"Don't force me."

Purple Clock raged, flipping his hand and brandishing a black crystal. A terrifying energy rippled from it, "If forced, we will all fall together!"