Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 846: Race, Rise!

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

The impact of the force created a deep ditch that went straight down. However, Its diameter was only that small.

"Peng! Peng! Peng!" The large amount of treasures couldn't possible fall down straight into it. Hence, it was like broken glass clanging against the sides, all sorts of items fell and bounced from side to side…

What a mess.

However, Purple Clock's eyes gleamed with excitement.

Even if a normal person seeing a large amount of cash fluttering around in the streets, covering the entire street…even though it may be messy, he would still be excited.

"It's all mine."

"Hahaha…"

"I'll buy two more flame god crystals later on."

"And I'll buy a slot to study the Flame clock god mountain, and large amounts of recovery treasures, also…" He rushed downwards and swiftly collected the falling items, excitedly planning his next steps.

All sorts of treasures were thrown around.

Like the Purple Clock, it was something even knights would value.

The Sha Wu wings, it would even make knights go crazy for.

Or something even higher, that universe masters would use.

And all sorts of things like the general armor, or other things.

In all…

It couldn't be counted! Treasures were needed for exploring dangerous regions, and needed for battles, one had to buy some in bulk!

"Hahaha… this is thrilling, thrilling."

"Too thrilling." Purple Clock rushed down and collected whatever he found.

…

Sou!

The Sha Wu wings continued to fall, and beside it was the chest and the large amount of treasures.

"I actually get to collect so much too, haha." A metal fragment floating beside the wings fell with it. It was a G grade metal transformed by the mosha clansman. Of course, it only copied its energy sense, as it was still soft and energy based. The mosha body was unable to completely turn itself into a G grade metal.

Sou!

The wings disappeared and was kept in the internal world. The world ring was then kept with the mosha metal fragment, as it was impossible to scan within the tower. With energy ripples continuously spreading around from the blast, Purple Clock had no way to discover this from above.

"This chest is mine too."

Sou!

The chest bounded by twelve chains connected to that metal fragment, it suddenly vanished.

"Gold Cang's thunder pike? Hehe, it's actually undamaged, it's mine now."

"What is this? Space ring? World ring? Hm, looks like its from Gold Cang's broken world ring, there are other rings inside, I'll take them all!" Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"Hehe…This device storing the Purple god tree marrow sure is durable. It hasn't broken even after hitting the walls so many times, I'll take it too."

"Wa, this is worth one billion mixed elements, I'll take it."

"Take take take!"

"I'll take them all!"

The Mosha body metal fragment easily swept through the large amount of falling items, almost like cash from the sky. Luo Feng didn't care, collecting as much as he could. Purple Clock was collecting treasure from above too. The two of them, one from above while the other was below, were collecting treasures.

"Hm? Where's that chest" Purple Clock frowned as he rushed down. "Did it hit the walls and fall somewhere along the side?"

This was a 6,000km long ditch, naturally it connected to several pathways along the way in the tower. Hence, some may have bounced around and flew into the sides.

"I have to find that chest. All of the treasure together probably wouldn't even add up to that chest's worth."

"And that human."

"I wonder what treasure he has." Purple Clock thought. When Gold Cang exploded, large amounts of treasure flew in a mess against the silver wings. With the huge amount of items that were scattered around, Purple Clock had no way to distinguish which belonged to the human Luo Feng.

"I'll first look for the chest."

"That's the most valuable. As long as I can get it back, I'll find a way to open it." He began to search around, occasionally discovering other treasures along the way and keeping them. He only kept them in his space ring, as he has had many experiences in his life.

He had experienced many things, he knew of special life forms, things that didn't seem like life forms from appearance, but once they were kept in a world ring, that would be trouble. Hence he kept all the valuable items in a space ring.

"No matter how small, it's still something."

"This is afterall a G grade metal, I'll take it." He collected little and big fragments of metal. The metal was very valuable too. Any single one was a normal undying's entire wealth, and if added together, they were worth over a hundred million mixed elements.

"Where is that chest?"

"Where is it?"

He looked about nervously, unable to find it.

"What's going on, just where did it go?" He was getting more anxious. That was the treasure he most valued from the tower, yet he couldn't find it.

"Xiu!"

Purple Clock once again collected a metal fragment.

Rumble, the space ring automatically rejected the metal fragment.

"What's going on?" He was shocked, turning fast to look at the metal fragment.

"Hahaha…"

A silhouette appeared. It was the silver winged Luo Feng, the metal fragment landed in his hand as his world ring melded into his skin, the mosha body had returned into the internal world.

"You, you, you…" Purple Clock stared wide eyed at the silhouette.

Silver armor and wings, floating and flapping there, Luo feng smiled at him and said softly, "Thanks Purple Clock."

******

The three aboriginals in the control room had been watching everything from the start, only when the huge explosion earlier destroyed the room and large amounts of the tower's construct, they lost vision for awhile but quickly regained sight.

They clearly saw Purple Clock rushing down and collecting treasures. They also discovered…the treasures below were disappearing mysteriously, and finally when Luo Feng showed himself, they were all shocked.

"It's that human."

"He survived."

"Even that powerful invader has died, and yet the human survived. No wonder the elder said…some warriors of the four pinnacle races have many treasures and techniques. We cannot take our revenge yet. It sure is terrifying…that powerful invader, even with his strength, he still died. And that human seems to only have high emperor level strength but he still survived."

Pu Ai, La Di Mo and Men Bu couldn't help but feel shock.

The greatest winner of this treasure hunt…seemed to be that human.

"He's the real winner."

"Hm, the treasure in that room is in his hands."

"There are countless techniques in the inheritance room, but the most useful treasures for our race are all within that treasure room." The three of them were regretful. Especially the god master Pu Ai, when Qiu Chi Ka died, he naturally became the strongest leader of their race. He felt the pressure of leading the race and was responsible for their survival.

He needed to live up to the elder before.

That was why the pressure of the race's survival normally landed on the strongest warrior.

"I didn't expect that they'd manage to destroy the treasure room." Pu Ai sighed. "I wanted to wait till they teleported via god country out and get the treasure. But, now that the room is gone, the chest has become theirs too. Even the tower…having been pierced through 6,000km, the engravings about have been gravely damaged, it's only about 20% functional. The tower is now useless."

"Let's go back." He looked at the other two. "The chest has been taken by the invaders, the valuable engravings left by the knights have been greatly damaged and are now extremely weak, the tower is useless."

"Hm." Men bu and La Di mo nodded.

"At least we got the inheritance." Pu Ai sighed softly, "At least with that, our race has a future."

Earth recognized early on the importance of inheritance and culture.

And to the trillions of races in the universe…

Every race had countless years of techniques and training methods accumulated throughout the years. These were the most important things to a race. When all the top warriors of a race are killed, the surviving weak undyings would be the only ones remembering the techniques they had, these were insufficient to strengthening an entire race.

Without the countless techniques…over the long passages of time, they could face destruction again. As for gaining strength, there was almost no way to do so.

With the race's techniques…now they had hope.

"Tower, self destruct." Pu Ai ordered, "You will leave with us."

"Yes master."

…

Within the vast god country, the three aboriginals appeared in mid air.

"God master."

"Where's the elder?"

"Why hasn't the elder returned?" The other emperors asked.

La Di Mo, Men Bu and Pu Ai had grief in their eyes. Pu Ai pointed at the space pathway: "Crumble!" The entire pathway instantly crumbled.

"The elder…he has fallen for the race!" Pu Ai said softly.

The other emperors were stunned.

"But his death has given our race our inheritance!" Pu Ai howled. "The countless techniques from before the great disaster, techniques suitable for our race people, we've retrieved them all. With this, our race will grow and will rise again!"

"Rise! Rise! Rise!"

The emperors all felt grief from the loss of their elder. At the same time, they also felt a strong burning faith, and hope for their future.

Their race…would rise again!