Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 849: Engraved Weapon

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

The treasure left behind by the people of Yan Ji was shocking.

"My god."

"I've really struck it…" Luo Feng blinked, and his body was trembling. "I'm rich, really rich! It's no wonder Gold Cang and the others went all out for this. Even Night and Piercing Tiger were filled with hope. Looks like they've seen more than me and knew of how shocking the treasure is."

"Shocking."

"It's madness." Luo Feng muttered.

The three rings all had different levels of treasures, of which there was a message in each of them.

With a flip, three metal fragments appeared in his hand. On them was a blur of Yan Ji continent words, they explained the treasures within.

"Survivors, the rings have different leveled treasures for the sector lord, domain lord, universe level, star and star traveller level. Even though they are very cheap, they are huge in numbers, and are able to fill the entire world ring. In total, they add up to a huge amount of wealth, you all have to use them wisely. Considering the trillions of years needed to nurture our race, control the portions given out. Nurturing the later generations is the most important, because these weak but growing clansmen are our future. These world rings…represent our future."

"Clansmen, within this ring are treasures for undyings. Even though the numbers cannot compare to the ring before, it still adds up to a huge sum. Survival will be extremely hard after the tragedy, the undyings will have to open their own living spaces, they require enough treasures to explore the universe."

"Clansmen, this final ring holds a complete engraved weapon. This is our clan's highest achievement. Over countless years, the knights worked hard to construct this, and they only managed to construct not even a hundred of them. And these weapons along with the other treasures from us knights have been separated into hundred towers. Some of the towers have the engraved weapons while others have knight's weapons. Even though…these weapons have little usage for knights, they are still priced as high as other items used by knights, because they have great abilities. As for how to use them and what they can do, the weapons themselves have explanations on them. Even though there's only one engraved weapon here, its price far exceeds the other two rings!"

Luo Feng looked at the three fragments and was stunned.

Three world rings.

One was for below undying…sector lord, domain lord etc…the weaker clansmen.

One was for undyings.

One was for the top of the race…This was the engraved weapon!

"Absurd."

"This engraved weapon is their highest achievement? Constructed over countless years, not even a hundred of them have been made? Its price far exceeds the other two rings?" Luo Feng retrieved the only weapon within the third world ring with a thought.

Hua.

The weapon was small and delicate, similar to an armband, and its material was mainly black with some Hazy Star belt feeling.

"How do I use this, it has an explanation?" Luo Feng pondered but couldn't understand it, sending some world energy into the armband to investigate the weapon. His world energy was imbued with his own spirit imprint as it activated the band.

The weapon instantly recognized its owner.

"So convenient." Luo Feng easily got it to recognize him as its owner, as a message began to relay within his consciousness.

The message explained the details about the weapon.

It was called the Space Lock band, and there were less than a hundred in the universe.

The most mysterious thing about the Yan Ji race was its Yan Ji engravings. It was something the ancestors chanced upon and comprehended a long time ago. It was a path suitable for the people of Yan Ji. The tower uses the most basic form of the engravings.

The tower has countless engravings, the final ones have space abilities.

However as these were solid engravings, they required a carrier and had a huge limitation. It couldn't be used effectively in battle. Hence, the ancestors created the stronger void engravings. Every engraved weapon has complex void engravings within, and the moment its energy is triggered it would cause the engravings to scatter around space.

Spread over an area, controlling anything within.

The optimum energy source is an undying crystal It is best not to use one's own undying energy, as the weapon energy consumption is incredibly shocking. And once the source is depleted, if one uses his own undying energy, it would be burning his own undying body. That wouldn't be worth it at all.

The universe has all sorts of undying crystals. The stronger the energy, the longer it can be used.

The Space Lock band spreads its void engravings over a domain and the space ripples within are locked.

It disables teleportation!

Hence, this is a space warrior's nightmare. Of course, it would also affect the user, making both parties unable to teleport! Hence…this band is most suited for one proficient in time laws. To the time law warriors, who are able to unleash time stop and disabling their enemies from teleporting…their advantage would be huge.

This band has void engravings within.

Hence as long as one brings it around, with the user as the source, it can unleash its space lockdown anywhere, and will be much more efficient than the towers. The towers' spaces have limits, its very hard to bring it around with the user, and in battle, simply destroying the engravings in the towers would stop the effect. The void engravings however cannot be destroyed.

The space lock area can be separated into three levels.

First level, area with a diameter of 10,000 km will be affected.

Second level, diameter of 100,000 km will be affected.

Third level, diameter of one million km will be affected.

The larger the area, the more the energy usage will be. Only use it against a true enemy and during a life or death crisis. Use it sparingly. This was the message, and it wished for the warriors of the race to rely on the engraved weapons to protect their people and rise up again!

"Damn!"

"Damn!"

"Damn!" Luo Feng felt his blood boil, as he was extremely exited, cursing!

"I, I've, I've really made it. This is huge." Luo Feng reflected on the information again. He had truly gotten a huge reward from this encounter. When he first saw the engravings within the tower, he was already eyeing them.

During the battles, he would get the advantage.

However once the battles grew more intense and the towers began to crumble, and with the limits of space within, Luo Feng could only ponder.

"Engraved weapon? Yan Ji engravings?"

"This is the path the ancestors of the Yan Ji people happened to chance upon?" Luo Feng exclaimed, "Impressive, there are solid and void engravings."

The three world rings, especially the third one, truly made Luo Feng happy and surprised.

******

"Let's give it a shot." He couldn't bear to wait as he extended his left arm.

Hua!

The band stuck straight to his arm and melded with his skin, simultaneously the black surface cracked open, revealing an energy input spot.

"It requires a high undying energy source?" Luo Feng smiled. "I still have two flame god crystals, and every one of it is worth two hundred million points. Also, just one alone is akin to a low emperor self destruct."

Flame god crystal, thunder god crytals etc…

They were condensed undying energy, which were able to be used as energy sources or bombs! In truth, back when the automatons designed them, they were made to give large amounts of pure energy. Later on, they were discovered to be good in battle too, especially the flame god crystal, it became a bomb for many warriors. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"Pa." Luo Feng flipped his hand and put the crystal into the input, taking up only a third of the space.

Chi chi…the input immediately sealed up and the energy poured in.

KA! The surface sealed up.

The entire band was now solid.

"Haha…" With a thought, his silver armor covered the band and protected the band well. Actually, the construction material of this band was incredibly expensive, and the chained chest was even more solid, where even knights would find it hard to destroy it.

"Space Lock!"

The band had long recognized him as its owner, he could easily trigger it.

"Smallest area, diameter of 10,000 km. Space lock." Luo Feng easily triggered it.

With the two hundred million points flame god crystal within, it had sufficient energy to trigger. Weng…with Luo Feng's arm as the core, a formless energy instantly spread in all directions, it was a ripple similar to that of space energy.

Diameter of 10,000 km.

The skies, mountains, grass and mud below…had translucent engravings appear throughout. These void engravings of the Yan Ji appeared occasionally, even with a punch, it hit nothing, because there was no way to destroy these void engravings.

One had to destroy the arm band to destroy the engravings.

"Haha…" Luo feng smiled with glee, surveying his surroundings and looking up and down.

It was real.

And with the Mosha body's sense of space, it could clearly feel the universe space within the 10 km area locked down, without a single ripple of space, one couldn't teleport at all.