Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 852: Name Fei Mo

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Spending 560 billion was easy, but spending it wisely was not so easy. Luo Feng had many dreams while laying in the pool. As there were simply too many treasures in the universe, even though he knew many of them, there were still countless others he didn't know about.

"I have several trump cards now."

"The Golden horned beast, the bug clan, the flame god crystals, space lock band." He pondered, "I should strengthen the strongest asset."

"Bug army!" Luo feng's eyes gleamed, standing quickly, "If I can make Queen Alina become an undying, as an undying queen…she can lead an undying army and that's considered invincible amongst anyone below knight level. If that succeeds, spending all of the 560 billion would still be worth it."

The more he thought about it, the more he got excited.

The queen could separately control 10,000 bug soldiers, who were all able to use law infused attacks. She may be able to use a million soldiers too, but they wouldn't be law infused attacks and only directed attacks instead.

Back then, when the queen had controlled 10,000 undyings, its power was already heavenly.

If she controlled a million?

She would be Invincible!

The more he thought about it, the more his eyes gleamed. He couldn't help it anymore, "I'll go ask Alina."

…

In his internal world, bug clan island.

Shua!

Black clothed Luo Feng appeared within the world and floated above the bug clan island.

Xiu! The absolute beauty Alina flew straight up and bowed before him, "Master."

"Alina." Luo Feng asked immediately, "How much you would need to breakthrough to undying?"

"Master, you…" She looked shocked.

"Just speak." Luo Feng said, he felt wealthy.

Alina smiled, her voice clear and crisp, "Master seems to have a shocking amount of wealth. However master, a bug queen breaking through to undying is an extremely hard thing to do, just the materials alone would cost close to 100 billion mixed elements."

"I'll buy it." Luo Feng's eyes gleamed.

"Let me finish." Alina said. "This is only the external requirements, there are still internal ones! The queen would have to have extremely high levels of law comprehension, be it space or time laws! Just having gold, or wood and the other basic laws isn't enough to become undying, she needs great comprehension in either space or time too."

Luo Feng frowned.

"Master."

Alina explained, "The true intellectual beings of the universe all require great law comprehension to become undying! Just the materials alone is not enough. Like humans, no matter what, they at least have to have one of the smaller laws to become undying. If they don't even have that, having treasures is useless. And a bug clan queen is the same, as one of the pinnacle races, it's extremely hard to break through. Both the materials required and the law comprehension required are extremely high."

"The cloud contact vine you use is different. The plants have low intellect, hence they have no requirements for law comprehension, and can just evolve. And the universe would naturally give them a law suited for them after evolution."

"However such things…"

"Can only happen for the low intellectual creatures such as plant life forms, bug soldiers and so on… The other life forms all require law comprehension." She said. "I've only comprehended the fire law, and I'm still far from comprehending the space laws. No amount of treasures can make me breakthrough."

Luo Feng was somewhat disappointed, but he understood.

Right, those bug soldiers that could be produced in bulk were purely almost mindless creatures. The cloud contact vine and star eating plant only had their basic emotions too, when they became undying, only then could they truly communicate via consciousness!

"The other intellectual begins, humans, automatons, demons, bug clan queens, gold horn race, Yan Ji aboriginals and so on, the hardest part about becoming undying for all of them is the law comprehension." Luo Feng sighed. He had initially simplified it too much. He thought that the queen could simply evolve with resources, since the soldiers definitely did so. But the queen was a true intellectual being, and the requirements for her law comprehension were very high, but hers were far from ready.

"My law comprehension is still insufficient, you don't have to prepare resources for me." She smiled, "However, when I'm almost there, I will rely on you."

"Hm, no problem." Luo Feng replied easily, he still felt disappointed within.

He had gone in full of hope only to have his dreams shattered.

******

"Right, the undying bug queen is invincible below knight level. How could it be so easy to breakthrough." Luo Feng immediately sent a thread of consciousness into the virtual universe.

…

Virtual universe, Luo Feng's villa in Yu xiang primal region.

Luo Feng sat at his desk and looked at the screen, searching information on all sorts of treasures.

"Black hole weapon, able to form a small black hole at point of target, only knights and above can survive?"

"Soul laser, triggering a light beam from within a universe secret region. The moment it is triggered, a normal knight would be injured too, anything under would definitely die?" Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"Wind slicer weapon, it's a special wind formed in a secret region, and even a knight hit by it would have his undying body slashed apart. This weapon is formed from the wind slicer itself, anything under knight won't be able to survive…"

"Ka Suo weapon, a special metal named after the founder, this metal has strong destructive abilities against undyings. A dagger made from this metal can instantly kill an emperor limit, destroying his undying body completely."

There were many weapons.

These were all weapons that could be ordered, and many that humans themselves created.

Luo Feng searched with the key words, anything under knight will not survive, easily flipping through 203 weapons, he stared wide eyed.

"My god."

"All of them can kill anything under knight?"

"Why do undyings seem so fragile? Also, some weapons have primal powers, they can even heavily damage knights?" Luo Feng was stunned. There were twenty one automaton weapons within, and three human weapons. The rest were special weapons formed from special materials.

"However, it's no wonder I haven't seen anyone use any of these in the outer region wars."

"Who could use such weapons?"

"The moment one uses something like that, countless emperors would target him to take his treasure." Luo feng looked at the list and thought, the cheapest one here was six trillion! The normal ones were ten trillion…these prices were enough to make even a knight feel the pinch.

Anyone with one of these weapons was holding a true piece of treasure.

How much was the sacrificial tower treasure worth?

A weapon costing over ten trillion mixed elements, if revealed, would make countless undyings go crazy for it!

"I can only look."

"I cannot buy them."

He suddenly felt very poor, not even having enough for a part of one weapon. He actually knew that for weapons like the black hole device, it seemed very complex just from the surface, and the requirements for building it must be extremely high. The soul destroying laser, the wind slicer…to retrieve materials such as the slicing wind etc and storing them well for frequent usage, they were places that even knights could fall within, the prices would naturally be absurd.

…

Since the queen couldn't evolve to undying, and he couldn't afford these weapons, he could only think of other methods.

Hence…

He began to study and research the many items within the treasure trove that he couldn't see with his status. He also relied on his 560 billion wealth…to enter the shops in the Hong alliance city and view the VIP areas. These were areas frequented by knights.

"I only found three materials for Deities of the world level three in the treasure trove, but the shops in the Hong alliance city actually have eighteen of them, it's almost all here. However, they are really expensive."

"It's extremely hard to reach far in Deities of the world."

******

With his status and research, he spent over a month's time before finally deciding on what to buy. He knew that this windfall may take forever to happen again.

Spending about 110 billion mixed elements to allow the Golden horned beast to train its deities of the world to sixteen times amplification. (He only spent 10.2 billion to finish the second level initially).

Spending 130 billion to buy four flame god crystals (Each one cost close to thirty billion), and large amounts of water god crystals for the space lock armband (Close to ten billion mixed elements, the water god crystals were most suitable for the arm band).

Spending 300 billion to buy one kg of Fei Mo Liquid poison.

Spending eight billion to make the cloud contact vine evolve from pinnacle official to low emperor.

And some other little expenses were taken care of. However, he had almost spent all of the 560 billion from this windfall.