Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 855: Purple Clock Shows Himself

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Luo Feng was awaiting Purple Clock's news when True Yan sent a mail to him, stating he was at Yu Xiang mountain waiting for him.

…

Within Luo Feng's villa in primal region Yu Xiang mountain. The staff had already brewed a hot pot of tea, True Yan sniffed it before taking a sip.

"Teacher." Luo Feng walked in, "You wanted to see me?"

"Hm."

True Yan put down his cup and smiled proudly, "Disciple, this tea from your home earth is not bad. It's comparable to the drinks from many other places, and the more I taste it the more I like it. I've added this tea to my collection, also it's price is very reasonable."

"Since you like it, I will let my family prepare the latest brews and send it to you and the primal chaos city leader." Luo Feng said.

Tea leaves were a business of the Ping Hai company.

The company had some foundation in earth, naturally it would cultivate different types in different parts of the universe, studying new tea leaves and creating more flavors. In terms of quantity…naturally his family had the most.

"Haha, good." True Yan laughed. "I'm here today because I heard your Yang identity has recently sold a great amount of expensive goods? And after checking, I learnt about the seventh battlefield's Yan Ji continent, and that the news of you acquiring the sacrificial tower treasure has spread, is this true?"

"Yes." Luo Feng nodded.

His teacher naturally knew of his Yang identity.

True Yan was shocked, his eyes gleamed, "Any trouble?"

"Some." Luo Feng smiled, "But I can handle it, don't worry."

"That's good, I know your personality. Since you can say so, I'm not worried at all." True Yan nodded and asked curiously, "How much is the treasure worth? To create such a fuss."

"Hundreds of billions of mixed elements." Luo Feng didn't hide at all.

True Yan stared shocked, "Hundreds of billions? You are not joking right? For a place like Yan Ji to have treasure worth tens of billions is already not bad, how did it get so high?"

Luo Feng smiled.

"Haha, lucky fellow, I truly got a good disciple." True Yan laughed loudly, and his eyes pleased. "Disciple, I'm very satisfied with your performance on Yan Ji continent. However, you cannot be proud, just because I'm satisfied doesn't mean your other teacher the city leader will be satisfied. His perspectives are much higher than mine." Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

"I understand." Luo Feng nodded.

His city leader teacher stood at the pinnacle of trillions of races, and to satisfy him wasn't such an easy task.

To the city leader, hundreds of billions of mixed elements wasn't even worth mentioning. As the number one person of the Virtual Universe Company, with his authority, he could easily check everything about Luo Feng in the outer region wars. Yet, he had never complimented Luo Feng on acquiring the treasure, maybe to him, it wasn't even worth saying.

The only time he had truly complimented Luo Feng was when he created his pinnacle technique Moon policy.

"Work hard!"

"Since the primal chaos city leader has taken you in, you cannot relax at all. This position as the disciple was full of honor, and also full of pressure. All warriors…would naturally expect your performance to far exceed other warriors. Only then would you be worthy of that title. Performing exceptionally is to be expected. If you don't reach that standard, you will be mocked." True Yan said.

"Yes teacher." Luo Feng nodded.

…

Just like how Purple Clock was shocked by Luo Feng's performance back in the tower. However, if he had only known that he was facing the disciple of the primal chaos city leader…then, no matter how many trump cards Luo Feng took out, he wouldn't have been shocked. He would have considered it as absolutely normal.

One had to know…just what kind of being the city leader was.

…

Luo Feng chatted with True Yan for awhile. True Yan was proud of him and predicted that Luo Feng would become his most exceptional student. However, he was still worried within that he wouldn't be recognized by the primal chaos city leader, naturally he paid close attention to his growth.

He often came to reiterate this point.

"Hearing you say this, this Purple Clock sounds extremely scheming and evil, and he definitely has already set up a trap." True Yan nodded. "To release such information, he definitely has a plan, he wouldn't hide from fear."

"I thought so too." Luo Feng nodded, "But he still hasn't shown himself."

"Wait patiently." True Yan said. "You must have patience. Even though your enemy sounds strong, I believe you can handle it."

There were many in the universe that could actually reach the level of Emperor limit, however very few actually become invincible amongst emperors and close to knight level.

Techniques, law comprehension, amplification techniques, treasures, mental state…none could be lacking.

True Yan had experienced countless types of warriors and had vast experience. He easily saw through Purple Clock just from hearing about him. Be it his craftiness or scheming personality, he saw through it all. But, he was clear that his disciple Luo Feng would be able to deal with it properly. Luo Feng may seem normal and average, but he was wise and understood his own strengths and weaknesses.

Knowing when to stay low profile and when to unleash his full strength.

Even in the face of death, he is able to make a calm decision.

That was Luo Feng!

Compared to Purple Clock…that was true wisdom, a seemingly low profile but terrifying enemy.

"Your weakness lies in your own strength being weak." True Yan said, "Don't get careless."

"I've already made preparations." Luo Feng nodded. "Of course, the universe has too many mysterious things about. I do not dare proclaim absolute guarantee, but I at least have 90% confidence."

Du! Du!

"Luo Feng, there's a call request along with a mail, both from the same number." Babata said.

Luo Feng gently tapped in mid air and a screen appeared. He first received the call and opened the mail, on it was a black armored tall and sturdy bull giant said, "I've discovered the whereabouts of the Qi Chan warrior Purple Clock emperor, his coordinates are…"

The mail had the same details.

"He's been found!" Luo Feng immediately stood up.

"Very good, the moment it's confirmed, I will send the reward over." Luo Feng replied.

"Please rush over to the location. Once time passes, he might slip away." The bull giant said.

Pa.

The call was cut and True Yan smiled beside, "Purple Clock has shown himself?"

"Yes." Luo Feng nodded.

"This will be a life or death battle, even if you have the advantage, don't get careless." True Yan reminded him, "Go on, I'll be here awaiting your good news."

"Yes."

Luo Feng smiled, after which he vanished from the virtual universe.

******

Yan Ji continent, within an ice cave.

Purple Clock sat crossed legged alone on an ice rock. His large and mini scanners were only scanning, and their jamming abilities were deliberately shut off. Hence the lucky official level undying from the human camp was able to discover him.

"Discovered me?"

"An official level punk." He said softly, "I'll rely on you to get Yang into my trap, consider yourself lucky."

Weng…

Purple Clock sensed the space ripples about.

He was proficient in the space laws, and was able to teleport too. Hence, he was incredibly sensitive in being able to feel the space ripples.

"Spacial ripples, teleportation!" His eyes gleamed, "The human has fallen into my trap!"

…

About 1,000km away from him, the silver winged and armored human appeared simultaneously with a black silhouette.

"Cha Wu emperor, thanks." Luo Feng said.

"Look for me if you need such help again." The silhouette laughed before vanishing.

"I have to keep relying on pinnacle emperors since I cannot teleport. It's a pity, my law comprehension is far from it." Luo Feng shook his head and ordered, "Babata, have you found Purple Clock?"

"Purple Clock is 3,201 km away in that ice cave. He's sitting crossed legged on a rock and even though his scanning device is activated, its not jamming any signals. He's obviously waiting for you." Babata communicated.

"I know he's got a plan."

"We both know it." Luo Feng laughed. "We are both not stupid…since both are prepared, knowing both sides won't back down, this fight is unavoidable. He's obviously very confident, but I am confident too. When he falls, he will regret this!"

"Babata, since the report was accurate, send the reward to that lucky official." Luo Feng said.

"Yes."

At different levels, the amount offered was different too.

"Babata, we have to give Purple Clock…a greeting." Luo Feng smiled, "Alina, attack twice according to the plan earlier."

"Yes master."

The mother nest appeared beside him.

…

Thousands of km away in the cave, Purple Clock frowned, "There were two consecutive ripples earlier. They were both teleportation, appearing and leaving…that should be a warrior bringing Yang over, then he left alone. Since Yang is here…why hasn't there been any movement? Does he not dare to attack me?"