Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 858: Fall

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Purple Clock was reduced to ashes from the explosion. Just as he was reforming, Luo Feng found him and he was stunned, "How can this be? The time between my reforming is only that short…how did he rush over in such a short time. Unless…the flame god crystal explosion didn't destroy his body! That's impossible!"

In truth, Luo Feng's body was fine from the explosion!

Back then…in the sacrificial tower, when the elder Qiu Chi Ka had exploded in the room, Luo Feng could withstand it head on.

This flame god crystal explosion was tens of times stronger than that one!

Back then, the room was completely shut. This explosion however happened in such a vast space. Theoretically speaking, the enclosed explosion back then would definitely create a bigger force.

Qiu Chi Ka had exploded alone, this time however there were two crystals.

After the two were combined.

It add up to ten times the explosion force of Qiu Chi Ka's in the enclosed room…

Back then, Luo Feng's cloud contact armor was at pinnacle official level, and it's sturdiness was akin to a low emperor.

Now, it was a low emperor, but was akin to a high emperor human!

Through the Sha Wu wings and General armor diffusing the force to only a thousandth (Akin to a low emperor explosion), and with the high emperor cloud contact armor, it only barely managed to break through the cloud contact armor slightly. Hence, it was unable to completely destroy it.

"Compared to the tower back then, the explosion this time was ten times stronger, but my cloud contact armor has also grown. You were all reduced to ashes, but I'm totally fine." Luo Feng rushed straight through the explosion. Accurately speaking, it was because of the wings and the general armor that the cloud contact vine could withstand it. As long as it could do that, Luo Feng would be fine.

…

He easily withstood the force, plus Purple Clock was only a few thousands km away. With just a flap of his wings, he naturally reached beside him. Just as Purple Clock was reforming, Luo Feng acted according to his plan and slashed him with the poison shadow blade!

This blade was vicious!

"How could he get here so fast?" Purple Clock was filled with suspicion. However as he realized Luo Feng's blade slash over, he mocked, "Even the flame god crystal couldn't kill me, your blade cannot even tear through my undying body, it's simply too…ah!"

"Pu chi!"

A blade slashed through!

The poison shadow blade tore into his broken undying body, and right away the Fei Mo poison began to destroy his body into pieces.

"No!" Purple Clock was completely shocked by the poison. He instantly chose to break off that part of his undying body, but…it was too late! An emperor limit required about ten drops of poison to die, but a pinnacle emperor only needed one drop.

And usually with quick reflexes, one slash would only have about 0.3-0.8 drops of poison entering the body.

Purple clock only had less than 50% of his body left, the 0.72 drops of poison instantly ran through his body onto every fragment, invading every cell…he had no way to defend against it.

"It's over!" He instantly understood. "I'm about to die."

He was filled with rage and regret, however before he died, he swiftly connected to the virtual world.

…

Virtual world.

"Mass send! Send mail to everyone!!!" His consciousness formed a body that stood in the living room and raged.

According to his plan, one part of it was if he couldn't deal with Yang, he would drag in a large number of other emperors. He had prepared this mail long ago, even the location and coordinates were in the cave he was in.

Hua hua hua…

The mail was sent out like snow flakes, instantly reaching large numbers of emperors in the automaton camp.

"That Yang has appeared? Where?"

"Sacrificial tower treasure!!!"

"Hahaha…"

"He's appeared."

The large number of emperors received the mail and immediately reacted. Even though they were very excited, these emperors weren't stupid. They couldn't teleport immediately, because there were very few that could actually teleport, and also, what if it was a trap? Hence, they began to form their alliances. With groups of emperors together, they would be much stronger and less fearful of a trap.

"Haha…hahaha…" Purple Clock felt his consciousness crumble.

He simply looked up and laughed madly.

He didn't lead an ordinary life, having acquired the ancient clock and even killing two emperor limits and many other pinnacle emperors. He was definitely considered an absolute being amongst the Qi Chang race. In his heart he still had hopes of becoming a knight, of becoming a greater being.

However…

Because he messed with the human Yang, even though he had prepared adequately, none of his plans could be used in time. The flame god crystal explosion and the Fei Mo poison instantly took his life.

"Even if I die, don't think you'll get off easy!!! He howled fiercely.

Pa!

His consciousness became a bubble and broke, vanishing forever. He would never reappear.

Even though he was from the automaton camp, the high and mighty universe masters of the automaton race may revive a large number of warriors in the future. However for the Qi Chang race, they would at most revive the emperor limits. Even if his luck was good and he was chosen, because he had fused with the ancient clock, it had a great effect on the revival. The backlash from the revival…would be akin to the revival of a knight. Hence, once the universe masters discover the ancient clock on him, they would most probably give up on reviving him.

Having true treasures and falling made it harder for revival!

And if one wanted to forcefully destroy the treasure and revive, the price would be ten to hundreds of times that of the treasure itself! Simply carrying the treasure alone made revival extra hard.

…

Purple Clock, who had the ancient clock, was set never to be revived. Unless the universe master was willing to take the backlash.

Purple Clock, hence…fell!

******

In the distant regions of Yan Ji continent, there were many emperors from the automaton camp that were chatting within the virtual world.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

The warriors with teleportation began to gather the others all together.

"An Meng emperor, the news suddenly broke out, and it's from Purple Clock emperor. It was obviously sent in a group mail to all the warriors, would this be some ploy?" A group of oddly appearing emperors all gathered in mid air. The only similarity they shared was they were all from the automaton camp.

"It might be some trap!"

"But it could be true too."

The group all communicated, suddenly one short and stony god shouted, "I tried contacting Purple Clock, the virtual world informed me that he's fallen."

"Already fallen?"

"Dead?"

All the suspicious emperors had tried too. The virtual world system did reply to them all, letting them know that he had fallen. This made them instantly trust the message that was sent at least 90%…the system's record of his death meant he was connected when he fell, hence it naturally knew of his situation.

Everything had to be scanned before confirmed.

Like the Yun Mo planet master Hu Yan Bo, he had never opened his connection to the virtual universe to scan himself. When he fell over 10,000 years ago, no one ever knew.

"Hurry and go!"

"Purple Clock has fallen, the battle must have been intense." The group all shouted excitedly. "However large amounts of our automaton warriors will definitely go. With our numbers, we need not fear him."

"We can teleport directly to hundreds of thousands of kilometers away from the location. Even if there's trouble we'll be prepared."

"Let's go."

Xiu!

The group instantly vanished and rushed to the fight.

Even though they all had different levels of strength, with even some low emperors, they weren't afraid. Because, there was no killing within the same camp. As long as large amounts of them worked together, they would be naturally safe. What's more, killing an emperor wasn't exactly an easy thing to do. They all regarded Purple Clock's death…as something that the enemy had to pay a huge price for.

…

Yan Ji continent, in the distant star tower.

Groups and groups of automaton emperors began to teleport to the fight! Of course, the emperors in Yan Ji continent naturally reached first. As for the distant star tower…they first had to find a safe spot before teleporting via god country and finally teleporting to the target spot, this alone took quite some time!

******

At the battleground, the broken space began to madly recover, one could visibly see the space reforming.

"Ah!" Blood Beast emperor howled, as his body was completely reformed.

"I actually lost 42% of my undying body, how long would it take me to recover?" His single eye was filled with rage. The loss of his body meant the loss of his soul, and such a huge loss required a long time to recover. He could actually use treasures in the universe to assist in the recovery, but they were all incredibly expensive. Hence, how could he afford to do so.

On the other end.

"I lost 59% of my undying body!!!" Heavy Arrow had it worse. "I don't even have 10% of my original strength! Even a pinnacle emperor can suppress me."

Even though the strongest flame god crystal had the ability to kill an emperor limit, who wouldn't have their own defenses! Special armor or techniques to decrease attacks, 20%, 30%, along with plant life forms, metal life forms etc, emperor limits would normally have all of these.

Even so, they still suffered heavy losses.

… Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

At the other end.

The silver winged and armored Luo Feng wielded the Poison shadow blade. Looking at the items left behind from the fallen Purple Clock, he swept the world rings, armor, ancient clock and everything into his own world ring.

"Thanks Purple Clock." Luo Feng said softly.

"Hm?"

He turned, tens of thousands of km away, the space shook violently, as tens of emperors suddenly appeared. In another direction, the space shook too as groups and groups of emperors began to arrive.