Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 861: Blade River Emperor

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Over 200 emperors there were all stunned, watching as Luo Feng simply left. None of them felt that it was a disgrace. Over their long lives, they had all experienced life or death situations many times, and they all had a certain set of rules. Maybe it was natural for them to want to steal the sacrificial tower treasure from a weaker warrior, that he wasn't fit to hold it

But that human earlier, was he weak?

Heavy Arrow was in a coma, Blood Beast had fled, Purple Clock and thirteen other emperors were all killed by his blade. This type of result, which of the 200 emperors here could do that?

"Powerful!"

"Too strong."

"In that instant, thirteen emperors fell, terrifying."

"Despicable Purple Clock! He even called us over before he died. He truly had evil plans, he knew that even Blood Beast and Heavy Arrow couldn't deal with this human, yet he called us over. He definitely deserved to die!"

"Purple Clock deserved to die."

The groups of emperors there all chatted. Luo Feng's performance earlier had truly subdued all of them, it made them respect him. Without a doubt, he was a true strong warrior, and for such an absolute warrior to hold the treasure was natural.

If even such a warrior wasn't fit to hold the treasure, who amongst these over 200 emperors was?

"That human Yang, even though he seemed low profile, his strength definitely doesn't pale in comparison to an emperor limit. From now on…there's one more absolute warrior we should fear in this twenty seventh battlefield…the human Yang!"

"Does this human not have a title?"

"We only know him as Yang, we've never heard of his title."

"Never heard."

"We've never heard either."

"His bladework was exquisite, each slash formed rivers that lasted for a long time. One slash alone resulted in one emperor falling, and the thirteen slashes across the sky killed thirteen emperors. From what I see, we should call him Blade River emperor."

"Blade River emperor?"

"Not a bad name, the moment I hear that name, I recall what happened earlier."

…

As the group of watching emperors discussed, they all agreed on a title for the human. Some warriors were given their titles from some super powers during their official days or emperor days, however others were named through terrifying incidents, or battle results that made everybody agree on a name together.

Without a doubt, the latter kinds had more persuasive abilities.

******

The battle for the sacrificial tower treasure thus came to an end, and the result of the battle ended with the title…Blade River emperor! He had killed fourteen emperors and put an emperor limit in a coma. He even chased Blood Beast emperor away. Such a result made his title spread even faster!

The automaton camp had their virtual world, within which the over 200 emperors had talked about him with their friends and described his strength.

From a hundred to ten thousands, and ten thousand to a million.

The bug camp, human camp, the demon camp, everybody soon received news about it and because the news was so terrifying, whoever heard it spread it even more.

"What? fourteen emperors fell?"

"Heavy Arrow is in a coma? That's an emperor limit, how did he lose so badly?"

"Human Blade River emperor?'

"Blade River emperor is too powerful."

"Is he that strong?"

…

And the one that managed to get away, Blood Beast emperor naturally heard of the discussions in camp. This camp was the automaton base closest to Yan Ji continent, and the news naturally spread like wildfire here. He naturally became a stepping stone for Blade River emperor's name to rise.

The news of Blood Beast fleeing in fear spread fast.

"Scum." He grit his teeth. "That human simply relied on the strongest flame god crystal! If he didn't have that, how could he deal with me!"

"Scum, despicable scum!" He howled within.

He had also received calls from several friends along with mails, asking him about what happened. This made it hard for him to live.

"My undying body is severely damaged, losing 42%. If I continue here in the outer region wars, my enemies will definitely deal with me while I'm weak. Hm, it's time I returned to the race and recuperate." Blood Beast took the base's travel points and headed back to automaton territory.

Through a secluded area in the territory, he teleported via god country.

Within his vast god country.

Weng!

A shrine floated within the highest peaks of the god country, and suddenly a blinding blood colored light lit up and engulfed the entire god country.

The grass, flatlands, mountains, islands and other regions had countless single eyed men and women that looked up at the light, after which they all knelt down excitedly. Trillions of such people shouted in worship in their own tongue, "God! God! God!"

A sea of shouts filled the entire god country.

Within the core of the god country, within the shrine.

Blood Beast sat in his throne and heard the calls from the countless people in his god country. He began to smile, as his mood started to brighten up.

Sou! A distant beam of light flew over and more beams shot over, all entering the shrine. In an instant, nine undyings stood within. These were all soul slaves, hence naturally they were completely loyal to him. However only two of them were the same race as Blood beast, the rest were of other races.

Nine undyings, and only one emperor, the rest of them were officials.

"Master." The nine of them bowed respectfully.

"From now on, I will stay in here for a long time. I'll appear after a 100 million years, and my territory will be left to Ba Nuo Er to take care of." His voice boomed within the over 10,000 km tall shrine.

"Yes master." A snake head undying replied respectfully.

"Master, you injury…" A single eyed male said anxiously below.

"You can all leave."

Blood Beast said solemnly.

"Yes." The nine of them bowed respectfully and left, leaving only Blood Beast in his shrine.

He was already calm now, muttering, "Blade River emperor…"

Even though he was enraged, he recognized how terrifying of an enemy Blade River was. To produce two strongest flame god crystals…even his own entire wealth wasn't enough to buy two, and Blade River even managed to withstand the full blast.

Just these two points alone made Blade River terrifying.

"You, were nameless before."

"And now you've become renowned as I became your stepping stone. However, I know that an emperor capable of withstanding the strongest crystal blast, definitely will achieve a lot more in the future." He muttered, "Unless I breakthrough to become a knight, it will be hard for me to match you."

"I'll appear a hundred million years later."

Rumble…

The shrine door closed and he began his long road to recovery…

Actually to a being like Blood Beast, they all had extremely long life spans, just like True Yan. A 100 million years was but a short portion of their life, and staying shut in for that amount of time was a very normal thing for them.

******

Within the primal universe primal chaos city.

True Yan had always been observing Luo Feng's growth. When Yang unleashed his strength and killed fourteen emperors, leaving Heavy Arrow comatose and Blood Beast fleeing, gaining himself the title Blade River emperor, True Yan immediately found out through the countless races that were spreading the news.

"Unbelievable."

"Even though he used countless treasures, Luo Feng was still only a sector lord. How did he get so strong? Even a pinnacle emperor was killed by him, and an emperor limit was left in coma?" True Yan was stunned. No matter what, Luo Feng was still a sector lord!

Many treasures had harsh requirements to use, if one had insufficient strength, it was hard to unleash its strength.

The general armor required hundred sector lord's strength in foundation to be used. Luo Feng had this because he had become a black warrior, trained in the Nameless manual's second volume and used beast god transformation. That was why he could use the general armor! It was obvious that even with treasure, it was still hard to raise one's strength that much.

"True Yan!" A booming voice resounded within True Yan's mind.

True Yan was shocked.

He immediately replied respectfully, "Primal chaos city leader."

"The news of Luo Feng being Blade River emperor must be kept a complete secret. It cannot be spread." The booming voice resounded within his mind. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"Yes."

…

Within the primal ruins, amidst the vast corpses all about, the city leader sat silently within.

"Even though Luo Feng relied on the flame god crystals, Fei Mo poison, and Sha Wu wings, he is still only sector lord, and he even used his earth body, to do so much…" Even though he paid attention to Luo Feng, he was still one of the pinnacle beings of humanity itself. Many important matters were handled by him and many other even more critical problems were all solved by him. He at most occasionally checked in on Luo Feng.

He was very clear…

The universe was fair. How much strength could a sector lord unleash, even with a lot of treasures? Making an emperor limit fall into a coma, how hard was that?

"Is it linked to the Yan Shen King armor? But the techniques used by the Yan Shen race themselves are gone, and the requirements on the body alone are extremely harsh. Normally only low emperors can fully use the king armor. My disciple, can his earth body trigger the strength of the king armor?" He said softly. "Looks like I'll have to find time to talk to him properly."

"Blade River emperor…"

"Interesting. He is able to receive an emperor title at sector lord level." He then closed his eyes and stopped thinking about Luo Feng, as he had to focus on the predicament his true body was in…