Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 864: Star Tower

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"Master, you wish to go to Star tower?" Within the villa, Heavy arrow carried a tray of dishes, his expression shocked, "This, don't you wish to leave the outer region wars, why are you going to star tower?"

Luo feng sat on the sofa and sipped his wine smiling, "I've already reached my contribution points quota, but since I've come all the way here, how can I not go to the most dangerous place in this battlefield, wouldn't it be a waste? In terms of danger level, Yan Ji continent is a whole level below star tower."

"It is indeed so." Heavy arrow said respectfully, "There are very few emperors on Yan Ji continent, however there are hundreds of thousands of emperors there on star tower."

"So many?" Luo Feng was shocked, "Our Hong alliance only has a total of over 3 million, this is only the 7th battlefield's star tower, how can so many emperors be there."

Even though he had planned on going, he hadn't fully studied up on star tower.

"It's not a lot." Heavy arrow said, "The Hong alliance and humanity itself are 2 different things. Anyone who joins the Hong alliance is from a race that completely ally themselves with humanity, any battle or war is completely controlled within humanity's leadership. The outer region war human camp is completely different…this is a lax camp, the Hong alliance is but a part of it. With trillions of races in the universe, and so many warriors here in the wars, many races that have no relationship with the Hong alliance would mix with humanity to be sent out here too."

"Hence, it may be said to be the war of the 4 pinnacle races, in truth, it's really the war of countless other races. Of course the number of warriors would be absurd."

"The number of emperors in total in the outer region wars…hehe, even if it's only 1% of the all the emperors in the universe, it would still be terrifying."

"This is one reason."

"Another reason is…star tower is a very special place, it's more dangerous than others and attracts more warriors." Heavy Arrow said, "As for it's specialty, if you check, you'll find out easily."

"Ah?"

Luo Feng sat on his sofa and looked ahead, ordering, "Projection."

A virtual projection appeared in mid air and Luo Feng's arm screen connected with it, he began to search through information on the virtual universe network.

…

A majestic 9 storey tower appeared on the projection, completely square shaped and similar to some towers in china on earth. Surrounding this majestic tower were countless nebula whirlpools that were simply mesmerizing.

Star tower, 9 light years tall, it had been here trillions of years ago when the battlefield was forged, over countless years, it had absorbed endless amounts of energy from the universe, forming the 9 whirlpool nebulas about. They seemed like nebulas but were in fact terrifying energy whirlpools.

9 nebula whirlpools, the ones closest to the tower was the strongest.

The 4th whirlpool, even emperors could barely withstand it, only a knight could safely enter.

The 7th, even a knight would perish.

…

The ancient star tower was completely black, its material was unknown, it was completely undamaged from the 4 pinnacles forging the battlefield…even the powerful universe masters couldn't damage it.

…

There were the Sealed stars within the tower, every sealed star was about the size of a normal star, after melding, it could be used to seal warriors, after defeating them they could be sealed within this stars. The enemy would never be able to break out. Such a treasure…even the knights would go crazy for.

And within the 9 light year tall tower, it produced countless sealed stars, just like rain drops, even though they were true treasures, they were common within the tower.

It couldn't be helped…

Unless the sealed stars released themselves, even the knights had no way to forcefully take them out. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

…

Information poured in as Luo Feng stared wide eyed.

"This, this, this…" he was shocked, "Even knights would die from the Nebula whirlpools? And, there are countless knight level treasure Sealed stars?"

"Right."

Heavy arrow exclaimed, "I heard that the powerful universe masters can safely enter the 9 nebula whirlpools. As for the sealed stars…look a the pictures behind, they do show many of them within, I've been exploring star tower for many years too, I've seen hundreds of them, yet I cannot obtain them, unless they break off themselves…otherwise there's no way to get them. I heard the absolute beings of the 4 pinnacle races had a huge war when they first discovered the star tower."

"Huge war?" Luo Feng was curious, even though his status was high, he had only lived for a few thousand years, he naturally didn't know as many stories as an ancient being like Heavy Arrow emperor.

"Hm."

Heavy arrow nodded, "When the 4 pinnacle races forged the battlefield back then, they picked a distant star field and began their sweep. When they discovered star tower, those knights in charge of the sweep discovered how terrifying the 9 nebula whirlpools were, discovering that their attacks had no effect on the tower. They immediately regarded it as treasure, I heard they called the universe masters of their race over, for this star tower…the 4 pinnacle races had a huge war, I heard countless knights fell, as to who won, nobody knows. I only know that even the great universe masters couldn't do anything about the tower, leaving it here for countless years after!"

"Ah?" Luo Feng nodded.

The treasures could grow in size.

However, most were limited, like the Sha Wu wings, it could reach as wide as light years outside his body. However the prerequisite was his own strength.

This star tower was 9 light years tall, it produced countless sealed stars, but even universe masters couldn't deal with it.

"The countless races in the universe all have this saying…star tower is a unique treasure of the universe." Heavy arrow exclaimed, "It was a treasure that even universe masters would go crazy for, however, even within trillions of years in that space, no one was able to forcefully take it away, this was why it became renowned."

"Impressive." Luo Feng exclaimed.

An ownerless tower, able to form nebula whirlpools and easily destroy knights…causing the 4 pinnacle races to fight madly for it. However, even after that, no one was able to take it away…treasures on the same level as the ancient clock were countless within…

Enough to make countless warriors go crazy for!

"Pinnacle races are the strongest races in the universe." Heavy arrow said, "The 4 races, even they weren't able to take it away. This has made countless warriors deduce…that relying on brute force alone is useless, the tower should be awaiting a master that was suitable. Or, that no one was worthy enough to be its master."

"Damn." Luo Feng choked.

"There are countless rumors, but every warrior hopes that they may be the lucky owner of the star tower, its reasoning is still unclear." He smiled, "And because countless warriors have this hope, there are many emperors around the star tower. And…the star tower would occasionally break off one of its sealed stars! Every sealed star is a true treasure capable of sealing away enemies, enough to make emperors go crazy for. Plus, even the universe masters are unable to destroy the area, naturally this became a pinnacle battleground."

Luo Feng nodded.

There were treasures suited for universe masters in the universe, like the Sha Wu wings, though it had little effect. Those special items that they used for battle, it was normal for them to be virtually indestructible.

"Widen my horizons." Luo feng exclaimed, "I have to go take a look."

"Heavy Arrow, let's go." Luo Feng got up.

"We are leaving now?" Heavy arrow was shocked.

"Right." Luo Feng's eyes gleamed with excitement.

"Yes master." Heavy arrow replied respectfully.

******

They travelled in the dark universe with the Yun Mo planet ship for 2 days, finally reaching the closest travel point to star tower.

…

Ripples appeared in the space and a malevolent triangular blood red ship appeared, within the control room, silver winged and armored Luo Feng stood alone. He had placed Heavy arrow within his world ring, in terms of battle strength, Luo Feng wasn't too weak, he was strong enough to explore star tower.

If he encountered danger, only then would he let Heavy arrow out. Revealing your trump card too early wasn't a wise thing to do.

"Wow!"

An automaton child jumped excited beside Luo Feng, pointing at the space ahead, "Luo Feng, look look, star tower, what a big star tower, 9 light years tall! This tower is so much bigger than those on Yan Ji continent, we are so far from it and yet it is already unbelievable."

Almost like it blocked off half of the universe, the tall majestic tower floated there.

The resplendent nebula whirlpools circled about the tower, madly swallowing endless amounts of energy, these 9 whirlpools were beautiful and also a warrior's nightmare, even knights would die within.

"Unbelievable, truly unbelievable." Luo feng looked at the star tower and muttered.

"Why so shocked? Didn't you read up on it, is there a need to be so stunned." The automaton child Babata mocked beside him.

Luo Feng was completely stunned.

When they successfully came out of universe travel, he felt a powerful calling instantly descend on him, that calling exceeded that of the soldier, general and king armor, even more than the nameless manual metal board. It caused very cell in his body to shiver, to the point where his soul was shaking!

"A treasure like the nameless manual is calling me?" Luo Feng couldn't believe it.