Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 867: Danger

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

The two huge centipedes were each hundreds of km in length. This gold armored scorpion however was only 20m long. It was almost like an ant compared to the tw huge mountains.

Pa!

It gently waved its tail, causing explosions in the space around it. Tears could be seen as its dark blood red eyes stared hard at Luo Feng and Heavy Arrow.

Howl…it let out an ear piercing howl.

Cackle! Cackle!

The two huge centipedes obeyed it, lying down respectfully as the scorpion climbed on it, never taking its eyes off Luo Feng and Heavy Arrow.

Luo Feng stared back. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"Master, this gold armored creature is very strong. I only exchanged a quick blow with it earlier." Heavy Arrow said, "Even though it doesn't know any laws, its pure attack is still slightly stronger than a pinnacle emperor, and its tail…should be its strongest offensive weapon."

Luo Feng stared at the scorpion and replied, "Have you found its weak point?"

"No." Heavy Arrow said, "When I fought with the huge guard earlier, I discovered its body regions were weaker, and my arrows could pierce right through. However it could also be because it was hiding this gold armored creature within, hence it made its stomach region easier to break out off. As for this creature…its defense is much stronger, and dealing with it will be troublesome. It's not wise to butt heads with it. If we drag out this fight, we may discover the pathway out of this forbidden space, then we can swiftly leave. The guards have no way to leave their own space."

"Hm."

Luo Feng stared carefully.

He had the feeling that even though the scorpion was staring at the two of them, it seemed more focused on him, and not the stronger Heavy Arrow.

Howl…the creature suddenly howled.

Rumble! Rumble!

In the distance, the two centipedes lying down suddenly moved, both rushing at Heavy Arrow. Of course because of their size, and Luo Feng and Heavy Arrow were both close by, it seemed like both of them were simply attacking both of them. Luo Feng immediately dodged while Heavy Arrow went another direction.

Fight it out with the guards, using flame god crystals? Burning undying body? It wasn't worth it at all.

Drag the battle out!

Drag it till they discovered a pathway out.

"Cackle! Cackle!" The two huge centipedes called out, both rushing at Heavy Arrow, one on each side. With their huge form, it was almost like two red clouds descending on him, along with the blur of 10km long claws, it was like a blade forest which was engulfing Heavy Arrow.

An ancient clock appeared on his body. He was an emperor limit with an undying body, with the ancient clock protecting him…even the strongest flame god crystal explosion would hardly even make him lose 1% of his undying body. The two centipedes may seem powerful and capable of suppressing him but in truth, it was hard to harm even a hair of him.

…

"Weird." Luo Feng was stunned as he noticed the two centipedes attack Heavy Arrow.

"Howl…" The gold armored scorpion which was sitting in the distance finally made its move.

Xiu!

It waved its tail like a gold lightning bolt, piercing at Luo Feng.

"Let's see just how strong this scorpion is." Luo Feng was confident in his defense, plus the scorpion wasn't as huge as the centipedes. Being trapped by them was troublesome, against this scorpion however, with just 20m in size, Luo Feng could easily dodge…and escape.

The gold scorpion was a gold beam of light, and Luo Feng was a silver beam of light. The two of them instantly clashed.

Rumble…

A resplendent silver slash clashed with its claw, and the even fast tail of the scorpion formed a gold beam of light, piercing at the unstable Luo Feng who was flying backwards from the clash. Luo Feng however reacted fast enough, waving his wing infront.

Chi!

The sharp tail clashed with the Sha Wu wings. This force that had knocked away an emperor limit earlier caused Luo Feng to be knocked back in a silver beam of light. As for the scorpion, it had hit an immovable wall, the undamaged wings created a huge force back at it…

It caused the scorpion to roll backwards for awhile.

"Heavy Arrow is right." He flapped his wings to stop in mid air, gazing at the scorpion. "The tail is indeed powerful, against such an automaton puppet, the Fei Mo poison is useless."

"Then receive another attack."

Luo Feng wielded his blood shadow blade and instantly became a beam of light rushing forward.

Howl…the scorpion rushed at him too, force against force, it had no fear.

Luo Feng raised his blade!

The scorpion used its pincers to defend.

Hua!

Luo Feng's right wing flapped hard as he unleashed moon policy. One had to know that this pinnacle technique was created for wing usage, and later on adapted for the blade. The scorpion which was defending against his blade was suddenly hit by the silver wing and thrown off balance.

As the distance between them was too close. Luo Feng had unleashed it when they had gotten extremely close.

Chi! The edges of the wing were incredibly sharp, and as a true treasure, its sharpness exceeded any blade.

Hua!

The space around was torn apart almost as though an invincible god had appeared to attack. A silver light followed the tear and slashed at the scorpion's body. As it touched, it became the special space energy of the Sha Wu wings that pierced inwards. Even an undying facing this energy would have his body destroyed somewhat. The defense of the scorpion too naturally weakened.

Ge chi chi chi…a weird sound, almost like a guillotine slamming into a steel bar could be heard, as the scorpion rolled backwards.

The gold armor seemed undamaged, however there was definitely damage within.

The scorpion however continued to roll into the distant desert until it stopped, lifeless.

Cackle! Cackle!

The distant huge centipedes immediately flew over, they didn't care about Heavy Arrow anymore. One of which opened its large mouth and swallowed the metal of the scorpion, after which it glanced at Luo Feng and Heavy Arrow before burrowing into the sand.

Both centipedes burrowed deep into the sand and calm followed after.

Heavy Arrow flew over and landed beside Luo feng.

"It was that easy?" Luo Feng frowned.

Heavy Arrow who had been watching his fight said, "Master, I only clashed slightly with its tail earlier, as for his body's defenses, I wasn't clear about it. Your attack earlier did cause damage to its energy core within, it was afterall much smaller and the force of the attack could easily reach its core."

…

Hearing his explanation, Luo Feng agreed. Automaton puppets were indeed that way. Destroying their bodies was tough, normally the only way to deal with them was to destroy their core within.

However he still felt something amiss.

"Heavy Arrow has never encountered such troublesome guards after so many years in here. It's only my first time, and it's my first forbidden space, yet this happened."

"Also, the gold scorpion was drawn out by Heavy Arrow. Yet…it chose not to deal with him but rushed at me instead."

"And I can feel…"

"The gazes of both centipedes and the scorpion have emotions, they were filled with killing intent, and were trying to kill me."

"Did my coming here arouse their defenses?"

He frowned, pondering according to the situation before. Even though he could feel the strong calling from the tower, he was unable to become its master. It was completely different form the soldier, general and King armor. Also, getting a pinnacle treasure like the star tower…couldn't be that simple.

"The closer I am to victory, the more careful I have to be."

"The star tower is reacting differently to me. It can mean two things, one is that it's friendly with me, another is that it truly wants to kill me." Luo Feng thought. "If I was the creator of the tower, and I left this powerful tool here…I wouldn't casually hand it over easily to the later generations, especially by simply relying on luck? Not possible, even to the most pinnacle of beings in the universe, the star tower is still an incredibly huge treasure."

Luo Feng's soul could be excited, happy and gleeful, but he always maintained his calm.

Knowing oneself!

Laughing when it was the time, being excited, nervous, angry as needed! Everything was simply being himself, yet it didn't mean that he would lose himself to these emotions, or truly believe that his luck was heavenly, easily getting such a huge treasure like the star tower. If he was like that, he would very likely lose his life.

"I have a feeling."

"Star tower may be the place where I die." Luo Feng gazed about the desert forbidden space. The gold armored scorpion and centipedes had emotions in their eyes, they were filled with killing intent that made Luo feng shudder.

He wasn't fearful of the guards, rather…of the entire tower!

"The star tower had a master before, and its master may very likely be the creator of the nameless manual. I was lucky in attaining the manual, don't tell me, that the tower is specially used to deal with lucky people like me who got the manual unexpectedly?" Luo Feng thought. "Success means I'll live! Failure means death?"

Many thoughts flashed within his mind…

"Master master, I've discovered the pathway." Heavy Arrow shouted, waking Luo Feng from his thoughts.

"Ah, pathway?" Luo Feng looked over.

"Master, here." Heavy Arrow walked ahead.

Sou!

They quickly reached far away. There in the center of the desert, there was a whirlpool, and within the darkness…there was star light.

"This is the pathway, I've been through such pathways many times." Heavy Arrow said.

"Hm." Luo Feng nodded, "Let's go."

They stepped straight into the whirlpool…