Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 870: The Warriors Gather

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Chen Hun just fell like that?

The automaton camp was completely stunned. They immediately guessed…that the famous Blade River emperor had some special techniques, buying some special weapons from the universe. Afterall, even though Heavy Arrow was an emperor limit, he couldn't simply kill another pinnacle emperor just like that. The blade he used must definitely be special, either its material was special or there was something unique about it.

"So extravagant."

"That Blade River emperor must have some kind of background."

"Before his name grew huge, I heard he got the sacrificial tower treasure and was instantly different. The treasure must have been shocking, allowing him to buy such weapons." The other warriors of the automaton camp, including the warriors in the bug camp all swiftly deduced.

Both sides began to take more notice of Blade River emperor, not daring to stupidly go insult him anymore.

…

Even so, the automaton camp was still made of emperors with two automaton warriors within. Not that they had been bullied, but could they live it down? If they didn't even do anything for their fallen comrade, that would be too huge of a disgrace.

"Blade River! What are you doing?" The two black armored automaton warriors with slight green skin roared.

Sou!

Heavy Arrow had already returned to Luo Feng's side, respectful as before. However no one could forget how vicious he was earlier.

"Automaton undying!"

Luo Feng said coldly, "I never picked a fight with either yours or the bug side! However that little Chen Hun dared to insult me! Hmph…do you really think that with allies around I wouldn't react to insult? He forgot…the pride of a warrior doesn't submit to humiliation or challenges!"

"Unless…he had enough strength, it's a pity my underling Heavy Arrow proved one thing, that he was too weak."

"Since he dared insult me, then he should have been prepared to receive my attack."

Luo Feng's gaze swept past the automaton camp. "I believe that all of you saw everything and understand my reasons. If you wish to act because of that idiot before, I will welcome you! My character…is such that I do not usually fight with people I have no grudges with. I wish to save my strength for the falling of the Sealed star, wasting any strength now will simply lead to regret later! It'll allow the others to gain the advantage!"

The automaton warriors all gazed at the bug clan ahead.

There were three powers now.

Luo Feng was the weakest, the automaton camp was slightly stronger and the bug clan was the strongest. If the automaton side fought it out with Luo Feng…they may ultimately be picked off by the bug clan after.

"Hmph, the sealed star is the most important, let's hope you can survive till then." The leading automaton warrior roared.

"Let's hope you can do the same." Luo Feng smiled.

After which, they didn't speak anymore.

The bug side was disappointed but this was still within their expectations.

…

The warriors that weren't too different in strength would hardly ever truly fight it out, who would attack if they didn't have a guarantee? Without any benefits, what's the point? Chen Hun's death forced the automaton side to question Luo Feng, and he replied accordingly. Everybody understood the reason, as to settling the debt?

Was it possible? Who would be stupid enough to risk their life against Blade River emperor who could even enslave an emperor limit?

Seemingly dignified on the surface, but within they were all greedy.

"There's benefits from chaos." Luo Feng muttered. "Our chinese history has seen all of this before, everything is for the sake of benefits."

******

The Bug side, the automaton side and Luo Feng with Heavy Arrow, the three groups entered the next forbidden space.

The moment they entered, they discovered that there were already two groups of undyings there, who were also stuck in a deadlock. One of which was the human camp and the other was the bug side.

"Tian Chen emperor." Luo Feng saw a three eyed man with long brown hair within the human camp. That was Tian Chen emperor, a pinnacle emperor. However because he was proficient in soul and illusion attacks, his threat was comparable to that of an emperor limit.

Such warriors proficient in illusions or soul attacks, as long as they burned a little of their undying body to attack, even an emperor limit would be in danger.

"Yang." Tian Chen's eyes gleamed.

"Qiang Wu emperor." Luo Feng brought Heavy Arrow over, mixing in with the many others in the human camp. The group of human undyings only had one true human, the rest were from other races.

"Yang."

"Blade River emperor."

"Blade River." Many warriors were shocked when they saw Heavy Arrow behaving obediently around Luo Feng. Back then when he was forced into a coma, everybody had guessed that he would be enslaved. However, to recover his full strength so quickly would have huge costs. It made the emperors all respect Luo Feng, but feel despair at the same time!

Everyone was extra passionate with him, those close called out Yang, those that weren't shouted out Blade River emperor.

The camp naturally revolved around Luo Feng and Tian Chen emperor as the core.

On the other side.

The two bug groups had gathered, many shouted out Skeleton emperor. "Skeleton emperor, where's lord Nan Cheng?" "Skeleton emperor…" From those words, one could tell without a doubt that the leader of the group was still the queen Nan Cheng, who had yet to show herself!

"Skeleton emperor?" Tian Chen frowned. "He's the one with the strongest defense, with him there, Nan Cheng will definitely be around, I didn't expect to bump into her so early."

"Even if you don't meet her now, you'll still eventually see her." Luo Feng smiled.

"Do you have confidence in dealing with Nan Cheng?" Tian Chen looked at Luo Feng.

"Nope." Luo Feng said casually, "You?"

"No hope at all." Tian Chen shook his head. He too was candid. "Every bug queen is proficient in soul attacks and defense. Even Skeleton emperor, an emperor limit was enslaved…she's definitely stronger than me in soul attacks, I have no hope at all."

"Hm." Luo Feng nodded.

Right.

Undying Bug queens were all terrifying, they were naturally proficient in soul attacks, and they even had an undying bug army!

"The more warriors there are, the less of a threat of this strength difference." Tian Chen said. "Right now the queen Nan Chen is very threatening, she alone can stand over all of us here. However as the number of warriors grow, the threat will shrink. Especially when the sealed star falls, the number of other race emperors would have grown to a huge number. As long as we all combine our attacks, even a knight wouldn't be able to withstand it. They would have to dodge and not take it head on."

Luo Feng nodded.

When the numbers grew over an extent it would get even more terrifying.

…

As time passed, they travelled from one forbidden space to the next.

Every space they entered, they gathered more warriors and the numbers grew bigger. This scene made all the warriors sure that a sealed star was about to fall. Only when that was about to happen would the star tower actually shift the spaces this way, gathering the warriors together.

"Skeleton emperor."

"It's Skeleton emperor!"

"If Skeleton emperor is there, the bug queen Nan Chen must be there too. That old being is here to fight for the sealed star too, our chances have gotten slimmer." Even though the numbers were growing, whether it was the human camp, demon camp or automaton camp, the main topic seemed to be Skeleton emperor and Nan Cheng.

Nan Cheng…without a doubt, was the strongest warrior amongst the entire group gathered!

******

Luo Feng stood in the air above the grass with the undyings from the human camp.

"Meeting Skeleton emperor and killing Chen Hun all happened today. And this is only the ninth space. I didn't expect to already see over 2,600 undyings gathered." Luo Feng glanced into the distance. The automaton camp had over 600 warriors, the bug camp had over 800, the demon camp had over 500 and the human camp had over 600.

2,600 undyings. Even though Luo Feng could recognize quite a few, from the percentage he could deduce…

Over 90% were emperors!

"We haven't reached the final space and there are already so many. When the sealed star falls, how many would there be." Luo Feng exclaimed. It took countless years for a large group of emperors to be revived, and even so, that would only be about 100,000 emperors.

In the universe, with trillions of races added together, the number of emperors was absurd.

Just star tower alone had 100s of thousands of emperors, exceeding humanity as a whole. One race alone had no way to compete with trillions of others. Even if only a thousandth came out from the other races, it would still far exceed the single race. However the pinnacle races were strong because…they had more pinnacle strength!

Weng…

A tear occurred in the space, a large group of warriors hustled through.

"It's the exit." Luo Feng glanced over. "There are even more undyings now. Hm, it's mostly two camps, one from the bug camp and another from the human…no, there are three camps!"

Luo Feng's eyes gleamed.

There were indeed three camps from this intake. The bug camp had over hundred, the human had over thirty and the demon camp only had one!

"Black Tomb emperor!"

"Black Tomb emperor!"

"It's Black Tomb emperor!"

Immediately, the attention of the over 2,600 undyings in this region all switched to the lone warrior from the demon camp entering. He carried a huge blood colored blade on his back, covered in blood red scales, with a single horn on his wolf head. His face had one green and one blood colored vein, with nine scaled tails. He stepped through the space, his gaze making everybody shudder.

Even though there were over 2,000 undyings here, they all immediately went silent, their energies suppressed by this one warrior. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Even the bug camp with the queen Nan Cheng instantly went silent.

"It's Black Tomb emperor!" Luo Feng squinted.