Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 873: Killing

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Over 100,000 undyings from all over the universe gathered here. When the sealed star rushed up, it was like a stone breaking the surface of water, the silence was instantly broken! The vast group of undyings all began to move, all sorts of long distance attacks instantly erupted!

Rumble…

The originally calm space around was like a piece of paper, as it tore apart and countless fragments were thrown all around. Countless fragments caused the flight for many undyings to get a lot harder.

"Space lock."

"Space lock."

The instant the sealed star erupted, a large amount of pinnacle emperors unleashed space lock, as they didn't want to allow the other warriors to teleport to the sealed star and take it away.

…

"Quick, rush forward."

"Go."

"The space has been locked, teleportation is useless, let's combine forces, hurry." Tian Chen hurriedly communicated.

Luo Feng who had wanted to let Heavy Arrow teleport him over saw that space had crumbled into countless fragments, and its regeneration speed couldn't keep up with the rate of destruction. With large amounts of warriors unleashing space lock, he could only order, "Heavy Arrow, give up on teleporting, let's fly over!"

"Yes master."

"Remember, keep your god energy around me at all times, stop any warriors from using soul attacks on me." Luo Feng ordered mentally. His greatest weakness was his soul defense, even though he had beast god howl with 32 times soul amplification combined with emperor level law comprehension, and a terrifying willpower! Also the golden horned beast naturally had a strong consciousness! Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Many things combined!

It made his soul defense akin to a high official!

After the silver armor and the Sha Wu wings diffused most of the attacks, even a high emperor proficient in soul attacks would find it hard to kill him. But he could still be affected by the soul attack. And a pinnacle emperor proficient in soul attacks was able to be a huge threat to him, of course that's only if he didn't burn his undying body. If he did, even a low emperor would be able to kill Luo Feng's earth body.

Luckily…

There were very few proficient in soul attacks! Luo Feng hadn't suffered before, but there were over 100,000 warriors here, there were plenty of such warriors.

Even though his earth body was only one of the bodies, which is able to be reborn after destruction, but to have his soul destroyed here under such circumstances would be disastrous.

"Yes master." Heavy Arrow followed him.

They rushed towards the sealed star, the other 1,000 undyings about did the same.

"Block!"

"Block!" Tian Chen shouted hurriedly.

Luo Feng and the group all released undying energy attacks together to form a combined barrier and shield to block the terrifying attacks.

…

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

An all out war!

Over 100,000 undyings from the four camps, were made up of over 95% emperors. They had already secretly formed their own alliances before. Be it an alliance of 500, 1,000 or 2,000, the combined attacks may not be as precise as a bug army attack, but its power was terrifying. There was only one way to block such attacks…

Similarly using hundreds to thousands of warriors together to defend.

"Madness." Luo Feng held his breath. Even with his powerful defense, he didn't dare go up against such combined attacks.

"Block."

"Be careful."

"Rush, go, go."

Tian Chen and the other emperor limits or pinnacles proficient in soul attacks all shouted anxiously.

"Not good." Luo Feng was naturally safe within the group. Looking in the distance where the sealed star was, there were already large amounts of warriors getting close. The attacks and explosions there were the most terrifying. This made Luo Feng's expression change, "When we were together earlier, with tens of thousands from the human camp together, even though we split into our little groups, we wouldn't attack each other. The distant attacks would only occasionally hit us, we only needed to defend once or twice. In all, it wasn't too dangerous."

"However, getting close to the sealed star…it's a complete mess." Luo Feng had the feeling that his group may have the first casualty.

"Rush!"

They were only a group of 1,000 undyings, rushing forward as a group towards the sealed star. Simultaneously, the other tens of groups were doing the same. The teams lagging behind all gritted their teeth and attacked over and over at those rushing at the sealed star!

Rumble…" The area near the star constantly had explosions, the space around had been completely destroyed, leaving nothing but stream particles.

Even though the teams were getting close, no one dared to rush in.

Because the combined attacks from the teams that landed on the sealed star itself were all already capable of killing knights. The sealed star was truly a treasure even knights would go crazy for. Such attacks didn't even scratch it, as the teams got closer, there were less teams behind and the attacks got weaker.

And as the number of teams getting close to the sealed star grew, they could easily work together to defend the attacks from behind.

It may seem slow!

In truth, in the twelfth second after the sealed star erupted, the star was finally not attacked, because the earlier attacks had knocked it so much it flew downwards.

"Grab the treasure!"

"Grab it!"

The many undyings all madly rushed at the sealed stuff. In an instant, over 10,000 undyings rushed towards the surface of the star. This was a star that was the size of a planet. Even with over 100,000 undyings landing on it, there would still be plenty of room. The undyings used their greatest speed to send their undying energy into the sealed star, wanting to leave their soul imprint.

To control a treasure, one had to completely leave a spirit imprint, and this had to be done within the shortest amount of time.

However with over 10,000 undyings, the difference between the fastest and slowest was probably less than 0.1 seconds. In such a short time, with so many imprints…naturally they all failed.

Leaving an imprint required one to be alone and not disturbed. The treasure could afterall only have one master.

…

Luo Feng and his team were the second group to land on the sealed star, there were already over 30,000 undyings then.

"How will this work." Luo Feng rubbed the star, failing as he shook his head. More and more undyings were gathering on the star, 40,000, 50,000, 60,000…

Rumble!

A terrifying combined attack instantly descended from afar.

The thousands of undyings on the star surface immediately unleashed their defenses, easily blocking the attack. However the force of the attack…knocked the star downwards even faster.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

The many attacks from afar were easily blocked by the undyings on the star.

"It's them." Luo Feng glanced. There were about 30,000 undyings floating in mid air in their groups. Among this group, Da Long, Black tomb and Seven Blade, the nine terrifying beings all led their own teams, they didn't rush over at all.

"The strong and the weak have different methods." Luo Feng thought. "Tian Chen and the others are weaker, they can only rush to get to the star first. And the absolute beings like Da Long, even if a lucky undying got the star, they have a guarantee of killing him and taking the treasure from him."

"Flee!"

"Quickly flee!"

A piercing order resounded, many undyings around quickly spread the word as they madly fled from the star.

Rumble…the sealed star was already moving extremely fast downwards. Even though the formless pressure below was broken, it was still the energy of star tower. The ripples formed after grew even more violent, some fleeing from it were hit by attacks from other undyings. Even if they didn't die, they were knocked backwards, into the mad star tower energy…

Chi!

Whether it was a low emperor or pinnacle emperor or even an emperor limit, the moment they were hit downwards and unable to dodge, flying into the energy ripples, they would instantly be reduced to ashes. Some warriors' weapons were instantly destroyed, while some world rings broke as well. The better rings may not break.

"What terrifying power." Luo Feng was shocked.

That formless barrier was stable before, forcing back the countless sealed stars and the terrifying force behind it.

Now that it was broken.

The formless barrier itself became a mad source of energy. Combined with the other similar energies around, it produced the mysterious energy of star tower…easily destroying the emperors. Whoever touched it would die without doubt.

"Treasure."

"Di She emperor's world ring."

"It's mine."

The danger from below where the thousands of sealed stars were located, terrified all the warriors above. However those unlucky ones that died left behind huge amounts of treasure that floated about, making many rush to get them. Because the powerful energies pushed the items left behind up, it was easy to take the treasures.

…

Amidst the mess, the nine absolute warriors led their teams, seemingly in no rush.

"You think the sealed star would be so easy to get?" The automaton warrior Life Fall emperor gazed coldly from afar, he was dressed in gold armor with black skin. "They are too anxious. The tens of thousands of exits haven't even appeared. Even if they get the star, they won't be able to flee, they'll only become a target."

He had forgotten…

The other undyings weren't as powerful as he was. If they didn't make their move early and stood in the distance, waiting till the final moment, they would have no chance at all.

"Getting the sealed star is the second goal, Seven Blade is the first." He shot a look at the distant Seven Blade emperor.

The automaton race had detailed information about the Seven Blade emperor. He was their number three target on their list to assassinate amongst the human geniuses.

Ranked number one was the genius sector lord Luo Feng who was comparable to Ke Di, and was accepted as a disciple of the terrifying primal chaos city leader. According to their information, Luo Feng should be in the outer region wars, with many undyings dying by his hand, after which he disappeared, he should be hiding from the danger.

Ranked number two was Dream Fire emperor.

Ranked third was Seven Blade emperor.