Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 876: Receiver

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Tian Chen, who was regretting and in fear after seeing Luo Feng take out the strongest flame god crystal was relieved to discover him fall into an exit, leaving the space altogether.

"I survived!" He gushed.

"My luck is not bad, I managed to work with Chi Mang before to control an emperor limit. I thought that was lucky enough, and now even as Yang took out the strongest flame god crystal at the last moment, right before my death, who would have expected an exit to appear right there and suck him in…allowing me to live on!"

"Luck."

Tian Chen was celebrating within, after which he thought, "Is this where my era begins?"

Even though his plan against Luo Feng failed, allowing Luo Feng to know his true colors, he wasn't worried or regretful. Afterall compared to keeping his life, what was having one more enemy to him?

"I have two emperor limit slaves, and Chi Mang who is close to my level of strength. Also amidst this mad war, I can use this strength to get more wealth…huge wealth to raise my strength even further! With such strength, would I still fear a Blade River emperor?"

"Hm!"

"Since I failed this plan, there are three more emperor limits on the demon side, and I have Chi Mang and Heavy Arrow to deal with." He immediately made a decision. "I'll first let the demon side deal with Qu Wu and Heavy Arrow, then I'll secretly use them to get rid of the demon side emperor limits not under my control."

This was his ideal plan. However, even if he just killed the three emperor limits, his earnings would already be shocking.

If he could soul control another, then that would be his lucky day.

"Master!" Heavy Arrow rushed over.

Weng!

The exit Luo Feng escaped through crumbled.

"Master!" Heavy Arrow called out within. However it wasn't as crazy as before, at least his master wasn't in danger.

…

Luo Feng was wrapped in that mysterious energy, unable to resist as he went through the exit. The calling resounding in his mind. "Child, come!"

After entering the exit, he didn't appear in another forbidden space, rather, he flew along a colorful pathway.

Hua hua…

A beautiful pathway.

Luo Feng was wrapped around and was flying continuously. The space around him warped and he could see huge sealed stars around enormous pillars. There were many treasures with powerful energies, only Luo Feng couldn't visibly see them clearly.

"Heavy Arrow, Heavy Arrow." Luo Feng called out mentally to Heavy Arrow.

The soul slave and his master had a binding via their souls.

As long as the distance between them wasn't absurd, they could communicate via their souls. Since they were still both within star tower, no matter how far they were within, with their soul strength, they could easily communicate.

"Master, are you ok?" Heavy Arrow asked.

"I'm fine. Remember, Tian Chen is evil. He tried to kill me earlier and I almost died…and I suspect that the demon side's Chi Mang has a deal with him. Anyway, tell this to Qu Wu and flee as fast as possible. Mix in with the other humans and bear with it. First leave the space and star tower, and wait for me to return."

"Yes master."

Luo Feng relaxed a little.

It wasn't that he didn't want revenge. But, he had tried to save Tian Chen but was actually used and almost killed! No matter who it was…they would definitely want to take revenge, however Tian Chen was after all still a human.

With the threat of the army system, Luo Feng didn't dare go against an ally!

Killing an ally meant death, it would result in large amounts of the human camp combining their strengths to assassinate him. Even his teacher the primal chaos city leader wouldn't be able to save him. This was afterall the ironclad system set in place by the humans and the countless other races, how could he go against it?

"I cannot go against the army system."

"But there are loopholes." Luo Feng thought. "Like the army system relies on scanning to observe the battles before making its decisions. And the scanning relies on the scanning devices. These devices naturally have limitations, just like when I went to save Tian Chen earlier and he secretly added more force to the fall…the devices have no way to measure that."

"Even so, that Tian Chen…"

"I treated you as a brother and you tried to kill me. If I don't kill you, how will I find peace?" Luo Feng was raging within. "The army system is a disciplinary authority on the soldiers. When I choose to retire later on, I won't be a soldier of the human camp anymore. Even though it means the other human warriors can kill me without any repercussions, I can do the same…" Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Tian Chen had been marked for death within Luo Feng's mind.

…

Many thoughts floated within his mind as he was brought around by the mysterious energy, flying through the warped pathways.

Rumble!

The mysterious energy dispersed.

Luo Feng flew out of the pathway and landed on the ground. He turned around like a feather and gently stood up.

"This is…" He looked around.

This was a vast mysterious shrine. There were a total of nine, over 10,000 km tall pillars that held it up. In the air above, there were many sealed stars. These countless sealed stars looked almost like a galaxy above the entire shrine.

This shrine seemed to float in the center amongst countless sealed stars.

"That is?" He looked over.

In the distance sat a silhouette. He had a long snake like body, and the top half was human. His purple beard drooped down and his eyelids gently hung down too. However, the vast pressure he gave off made anyone about naturally submit.

His energy was vast and endless, though not violent, it didn't allow any resistance.

"Child." The ancient voice resounded from him, "Come here."

"It's him, he was the one who brought me here." Luo Feng thought. "And what terrifying pressure. This is much stronger than Shi Huo knight, and even close to the primal chaos city leaders. Is he a universe master level being?"

Luo Feng at least understood this one point.

When he stood before this being, he was like an ant with no power whatsoever.

Since that was so, it was better to just obey.

…

Within the shrine that stood amidst the countless sealed stars, two people stood. One was a snake bodied human while the other was Luo Feng.

Luo Feng walked over to him.

"This great being seems like a human." He thought. "But the four pinnacle races have yet to control the star tower. How can this being actually stay in here and call me over?" This beast snake man seemed like one of the many races.

Like the apeman, wolfman, snakeman etc, they were all considered part of humanity.

"Elder." Luo Feng bowed respectfully.

"Sit!"

The powerful ancient being pointed to the ground.

"Yes." Luo Feng immediately sat beside.

"Are you filled with suspicion?" The great being looked down at him, he smiled. "Wondering why the tower calls out to you and yet you cannot become its master. Wondering why you met such a powerful forbidden guard the moment you came, and even wondering about the falling of the sealed star?"

Luo Feng was shocked.

This being even knew about the star tower calling out to him?

"Yes, I'm filled with questions, please enlighten me." Luo Feng replied respectfully.

"I've been waiting for you for far too long." The being sighed. "Of course, I normally only leave a clone here, only rushing here personally when I knew you were here. Ah…I've yet to introduce myself. I'm called Pu Ti, I'm the guardian of the Star tower, and also the one to welcome you here."

Luo Feng was stunned, "You are not the creator of the tower? I…"

"You are wondering about who left you the manual? You are wondering on who was the one who created the star tower?" Pu Ti gazed down at him smiling. "Haha, I am the first servant of the creator of the star tower. However, over countless years, I've become a universe master…my master was graceful enough to accept me as his disciple."

"I am his first disciple."

"The leader of the Yan Shen race is his second disciple."

"He has many underlings, but only two disciples. I was lucky, because I've followed him the longest. Because of my strength and how sentimental he is, hence I had the right to become his disciple. But the Yan Shen Race and the Earthling race, those are the true core of what teacher poured his soul into." Pu Ti looked at Luo Feng. "There were two other candidates from earth before that failed, you are the third one. Coming here 8.2 billion years after the second one. If you succeed, you will be like the leader of the Yan Shen race, you'll become the leader of the earthling race, the third disciple of teacher! If you fail, you'll end up like the two before you. Only death will await you!"

Luo Feng was stunned.

There were two candidates before him? He was the third that came 8.2 billion years later?

Leader of the Yan Shen race? Leader of the Earthling race?

"The leader of the Yan shen race and this Pu Ti…just who was their teacher?"

"The creator of the nameless manual and star tower, specially producing the Yan Shen race and Earthling race? Is this the Huge Axe dojo founder's almighty tribe warrior?" Many thoughts flashed through his mind.