Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Chapter 879: Long Time

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

The pain of his soul tearing apart caused his body to shudder.

"This pain is still much weaker than anticipated."

"It should be about the level when I absorbed the 110th blood river crystal." Luo Feng was able to maintain his calm. In terms of threshold of pain, thousands of years ago when he was still weak in Blood river world, he felt that the pain caused during the absorption of the first crystal's alone was unbearable. However, as he grew, it honed his mental state more.

However, as he absorbed more blood river crystals, the pain naturally grew more and more. Back then he had crumbled countless times from the pain, and over these thousands of years, his threshold grew more and more. Currently, the golden horned beast's right claw and back had a total of 165 crystals!

"It's easy."

Even though his body shook slightly, he could still smile.

Luckily in terms of mental states, he had already reached the limit of Knowing oneself. Even though this was the lowest of the three levels, it simply represented where he was at. Like Innocence emphasized on coupling strength with gentleness and the highest level, Encompassing all included everything.

The three levels were explained as such. The first level was stupidly sticking to one's self, without any skill, simply relying on force alone and perseverance. Almost like a stone against rushing waters, being honed over and over.

The second level had skill involved. Knowing when to be soft, and when to be hard, and eventually melding the two, naturally withstanding any force against it.

The third level was above them all.

However…

The only reason why the second and third levels were higher than the first, was simply because skill was involved and there was an amplifying effect.

The same soul willpower, comprehending Innocence and perfect fusion could withstand pressure and illusions, withstanding soul attacks at least ten to hundreds of times more. If one reached the level of Encompassing all, his ability to withstand all these would rise hundreds to thousands of times more again.

However, this fusion of the crystal had nothing to do with soft or hard, encompassing nothing. It was simply melding the crystal and the soul. All one had to do was to bear the pain! And at this time, the mental states were useless…it all depended on one's perseverance and pain threshold!

This pain was from within the soul.

Not illusions or from external sources!

Ying Yang?

Encompassing all?

This pain was from within, and not from an attack, rather, true pain from the fusion of his soul with the crystal! Luo Feng had walked the limit of the first level all this while, constantly honing his self and forcefully bearing with pain. His mental state had long been honed to that of a diamond.

…

The star tower's crystal gradually melded with his soul in an extremely slow manner. As the level of fusion grew gradually, the pain naturally followed suit!

1 year, 2 years, 3 years…10 years, 20, 30…

In the blink of an eye, 60 years had passed.

While bearing with the pain, he continued to study the Beast god statue and laws. Even connecting to the virtual universe and meeting with his family.

******

On the 61st year, the pain level had already doubled compared to before.

Luo Feng who was optimistic initially began to worry. "The speed of this pain growing is faster than expected. I could easily bear with it initially, but it's grown so much in 60 years. If it keeps up this way…I don't have any confidence in bearing with this for over 3,000 years."

"What do I do?"

"Fall?"

"No." He opened his eyes, looking at Pu Ti sitting crossed legged beside him.

"I have to survive, I have to succeed and become the earthling races leader." Luo Feng thought. While bearing with the intense pain, he swiftly made his plan.

"Hone my soul!"

"From birth till now, I've only lived for a few thousands years. In terms of mental state training, this process will go on for at least 3,300 years. During these 3,300 years, my mental state may rise even more! However the level of growth is still not enough…I have to search for the quickest way!" Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Luo Feng pondered, his mind coming up with many mental state training methods.

Actually, bearing with the intense pain alone was a form of training, it would make one more resolute.

"Not enough, just using the pain to hone my self is not enough."

"I need a quicker way."

From birth till today.

The first 200 years, his mental state training had been going pretty well. The later thousands of years…even though it had risen quite a lot over time, in terms of speed, it was much slower than before.

"The heart, is true, pure and honest! Only then can a miracle occur!" Luo Feng believed in one of the experiences shared by one of china's ancestors before.

True. In nature and in virtue.

Pure. No distractions.

Honest, having an honest heart.

This was the path to unleashing one's soul.

The theory may seem simple, just like if how a researcher focused solely on research, without any distractions within, he could fully immerse himself within and his soul would provide sufficient energy to grow. The results and efficiency would improve by tens to hundreds of times.

"These 60 years, I've been bearing with the pain. Yet, I've been affected by it and unable to steady myself." Luo Feng thought.

"From now on."

"I'll begin to study the Beast god path, and purely focus on it. No matter how painful it gets, I will not let it affect me. My heart will be pure and solely focused on study." Luo Feng thought.

…

Being vigilant in peace time, and planning ahead. Luo Feng could feel the impending danger ahead. Under this formless pressure and intense pain, he began to immerse himself in the study of the Beast god path.

Being true and pure may sound easy, doing it however was extremely hard!

Without the intense pain, Luo Feng was easily able to carry on. However it was hard not to be affected by it. Even with his strong willpower, he would often get distracted and thrown off by the pain.

And the descending formless pressure would distract him too.

…

However gradually, he forgot all about it. Tossing the pain aside, no matter how intense it got, he focused on the Beast god path…

Only in solitude, would one's soul unleash its strength!

And a pure and honest heart, especially one that is able to remain this way despite the pain, would produce endless energy, allowing him to persevere…

******

Virtual universe, in the highest peaks of thunder island, within a shrine covered in vast energy.

The primal chaos city leader had been worrying about his own matters for the past hundreds of years, he had finally gotten to relax a little. He summoned Luo Feng, wanting to test him, also find out about his situation.

"He actually closed off his virtual universe connection? And he even left an automated reply for me, saying he's training?" He sat in the throne and laughed.

Ever since he began accepting the inheritance, Luo Feng had entrusted several tasks to his family but he didn't dare disturb the city leader, not even sending a mail. Rather, he prepared an automated reply, the moment the city leader sent a request or mail over, it would reply him immediately.

"Outer region wars army system."

"When and where was the last time my disciple Luo Feng connected to the virtual universe?" The city leader sat in his throne and said to the space ahead.

"Primal chaos city leader."

Almost like metal clanging, "Luo Feng's last connection to the virtual universe was in star tower."

"Star tower?" The city leader nodded.

Hundreds of years ago, the sealed star had fallen. Over 100,000 emperors went for it with about 8,000 of them falling. It was extremely hard for an emperor to fall, since so many fell at that one time, the news spread far and wide, shaking the entire universe. As for the sealed star, it was said that it landed in one of the distant universe races' Qi Hou Race emperors.

"Luo Feng, when you enter the virtual universe, come see me immediately." The city leader sent out an order to Luo Feng. He didn't know that his disciple was currently facing a terrifying trial."

…

With his soul under intense pain, Luo Feng had been immersed in studying the Beast god path. During this time, his consciousness and willpower unknowingly began to grow at a rapid rate…the effect was incredibly beneficial. Even though his mind was growing, as time passed, the pain grew more and more intense too.

The level of pain outgrew his soul's growth!

100 years, 200, 300…800, 900 years…

In the blink of an eye, 1,000 years had passed.

Luo Feng initially had a huge advantage against the pain. However, even his 1,000 years of training couldn't keep up with the pain growth, it reached closer to his limit. If this kept up, Luo Feng was afraid he would barely make it past 2,000 years.

When that happened, the moment it exceeded his limit, his consciousness and willpower would crumble, and the crystal would make his soul crumble…

He would fall!

Of course there were unexpected benefits from this 1,000 year of training. His over 1,000 years of honing and immersion into the Beast god path resulted in certain gains. Just his Beast god presence alone had reached the 19th level of the heavenly bridge. It was a pity that his law comprehension had no help towards this life or death inheritance.

…

Even though he faced danger, his soul was still completely immersed. With a pure and true soul, he didn't even sense the danger.

If he didn't do so, his soul wouldn't have grown so fast over these years.

1,600 years, 1,700, 1,800, 1,900…

The pain of the soul grew more and more terrifying, it far exceeded that of absorbing the 165th crystal, and was very close to his limit. However, he still kept himself immersed in the Beast god path. Unless the pain reached a level where it could actually affect his state, he didn't even sense the danger.

Heart pure and true, with no other distractions.