Chapter 882: Luo Feng Awakens

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

He was already unable to even think, as his soul was on the brink of shattering.

Just one thought…

Forced his soul to stick together, the only surviving thought…

…

"You are still fighting, your soul is already crumbling." Pu Ti sighed. "Child, you are too tired, just give up." With his unbelievable power as a universe master, he had seen the state of Luo Feng's soul, he had begun to care for this child.

"You have already spent 6,000 years you've struggled with this, yet…you've only lived past 10,000 years."

"You are too young."

"And still a child…" He shook his head. He was the first underling of the great being. From the most ancient of times, he had followed the great being throughout the universe, and he had lived an incredibly long life. In his eyes, the sector lord lifespan of 1,000 eras was only maturity.

As for Luo Feng's 6,000 years of struggle with the inheritance, he had only lived past 10,000 years, in the vast universe, it was indeed tender.

"Ke ke…" Luo Feng's body shook as it unconsciously made noise, as fresh blood flowed.

Almost like a fish on shore that was about to die…

He was struggling! He couldn't die that easily, even if he knew he would be revived eventually.

******

Pu Ti's snake tail lay across the ground. He looked on at Luo Feng who could fall at any time. He understood that this youth was fighting with everything he had.

"You are impressive."

"The first one lasted 2,600 years, while the second one lasted 3,300 years. Yet, you've been here over 6,000 years. It's already very impressive, and you should be proud. Just give up." Pu Ti was very clear on what Luo feng was going through, who was even unable to even think, while his soul was falling apart…

"Star tower!"

"Why is this inheritance so hard?" He sighed, looking at the unconscious shivering and bleeding Luo Feng.

…

Luo Feng had a life changing event before, that was when he immolated his soul to fight the golden horned beast. During that time he was supposed to die too, he was willing to give it all up to kill the beast. Fate plays tricks on people, he didn't expect to actually possess the beast and begin a whole new life.

He was the pride of the genius battle, the Ganwu universe investigator, the disciple of the Primal chaos city leader. He had massacred emperors till he got the name Blade River emperor…intrepid! Incredibly exciting!

Now he was at this point again.

This was the second life changing event.

If he succeeded, he would live on.

If he failed, he would fall.

…

His body unconsciously made cracking noises, as his expression was warped. His skin was torn apart, even more tragic than most dead people.

Live or die.

Luo Feng struggled on this thin fine line. The mad winds blew at him, blowing him towards the side of death, but his love and affection for his family made him fight hard to hold on, pulling himself to side of living.

However, every thought had its limit, and if the inheritance continued, his soul would continue to be torn up stronger than before!

"I wish…really wish…"

Luo Feng was like a person running on the highway being chased by the cars, running as fast as he could. However the traffic behind was speeding up and gradually catching up…

Finally they caught up!

******

Within the thousands of forbidden spaces in star tower, many undyings from all over were suddenly shocked.

"What's going on?"

"Why are the forbidden spaces shaking?"

Rumble…

Almost like a giant who was shaking every space violently, the entire nine light year tall tower shook. However, with the nine whirlpools around, it was hard to tell. The countless undyings within all didn't know what had happened.

…

Simultaneously, within an incredibly distant dangerous area, amidst vast energies, a lonely palace glowing with green light floated up.

The many underlings within were all knights.

"Hm?"Within a huge throne, a majestic old man over 90,000 km tall sat there, listening to the reports from his underlings. Suddenly, his expression changed and he looked far away, almost like he saw through time and space, right at the star tower.

"The process of the star tower recognizing an owner has been going on for so long, that youth actually lasted past it."

"Haha…"

"A Trillion years of waiting, the earth race has finally produced an exceptional warrior."

He got up suddenly.

Sou!

Vanishing from sight.

…

"Success?" Pu Ti looked shocked at Luo Feng who had stopped shivering. He had felt Luo Feng's consciousness slowly fading away, almost like it was about to end, he would at most last another two to three years. Luo Feng had already lasted 6,092 years.

What was two to three years before the thousands of years before?

Anyone would have known that the end was coming.

Even if he fought hard, with no more fuel left, he would naturally stop moving altogether.

And just earlier, that crystal had finally completely melded with his soul, the fusion was a success.

Fate decreed so!

Actually, if Luo Feng didn't have such a sturdy heart, withstanding the pain for so long, the evolution wouldn't even have happened 3,200 years ago. Without that evolution…no matter how strong he was, he wouldn't have lasted another 3,000 years.

Even with that evolution.

If he didn't hold on to his thought for close to 500 years…

This final moment! The final evolution!

Even with miracles, one needs hard work to create opportunities!

"Success." Luo Feng opened his eyes, as his world energy shook off all the blood on his body. His eyes were incredibly fatigued and joyful. "I've succeeded, I've succeeded, I can return to you all…"

He was relaxed and gleeful.

The extreme fatigue on his soul overtook him and consumed his consciousness.

Rumble!

Luo Feng who had been sitting crossed legged all this while, even when death was upon him, suddenly fell and lay on the ground motionless. He had fallen into a deep sleep.

"He's fallen asleep?"

"He actually fell asleep?" Pu Ti smiled at the scene, "It's rare for a sector lord to fall asleep from fatigue."

An undying would fall into a coma when they lost too much of their undying body.

And the moment a sector lord's soul collapses, they die. Unless it was like Luo Feng's condition where he forced too much out of his soul, far exceeding the limits of a sector lord's soul. Hence he fell asleep right after succeeding. His soul itself was too tired, it required time to recover.

However, normally warriors who are able to unleash their soul strength were already considered not bad, much less exceeding its limits. For a sector lord to lose consciousness from fatigue was incredibly rare.

…

One month, two months, three months…

For a sector lord to be so tired that he required sleep, the sleep naturally lasted a long time. However as his soul was still complete, it wouldn't be as long as an undying recovering from a coma.

Luo Feng slept for over nine years!

He hadn't dreamt like that in a long time. He lay within the shrine of star tower, smiling as he lay there. He seemed to dream of happy things. At this time, beside him in the shrine…there were two incredibly terrifying beings of the universe there watching the scene.

Luo Feng's eyes gradually opened.

He slept so deep that he dreamt of many things. It was clear his soul had completely recovered, when his dream finished, he opened his eyes.

"Child…" A warm voice resounded. Just like the voice from the black metal board, it made Luo Feng stand up immediately and turn about.

There were two silhouettes.

One was the familiar universe master Pu Ti. At this time, he sat crossed legged and had kept his power, remaining low profile. And right ahead in the center stood a majestic over 900m tall huge silhouette. He wore a normal green armor and had two translucent horns on his forehead, he was looking down at Luo Feng.

His vast energy engulfed the entire shrine.

Amidst the vast energy, Luo Feng felt like a normal human being covered by the sun. There was no sense of threat, instead it was very comfortable. It also made him realize this wasn't pressure, but the natural life energy this being emitted. Just this energy alone far exceeded Pu Ti's, and even the Primal chaos city leader's…

"The universe laws, I can't feel them anymore." Luo Feng was shocked. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"How is this possible?"

"Why can't I feel the laws?"

The warriors all trained in feeling the laws and comprehending them, the clearer they were the faster they trained. However, whether it was his human body, or the mosha body or the golden horned beast, they all similarly couldn't feel a hint of the laws, just as though…

This being before him, his life energy forced even the laws of the universe away.

"This is the power of the great being?" Luo Feng looked at this over 900m tall majestic old being. Feeling shock within, "Even the laws of the universe are no match for him? It's no wonder he can create the Nine volume manual, something that goes against the laws altogether, this is simply too…too…"

Over 900m tall, it shocked Luo Feng.

Human beings were hardly ever that tall. He didn't know that this being's normal size was actually over 90,000 km tall. As a completely unique life form, in terms of talent and bloodline level, it was much higher than the golden horned beast. However, to enter the shrine to see Luo Feng, he shrank himself to only 900m.

"Congratulations, from now on, you are the leader of the earth race. You have the right to become an absolute warrior of the universe!" The majestic being's voice thundered throughout the hall straight into Luo Feng's heart.

Beside him, the universe master Pu Ti was smiling at him too, and was happy for him. "Third junior, congratulations."