Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 885: Touring the Tower

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Luo Feng looked at the vast space of water droplets.He was almost able to see the future of the earth warriors in his eyes. With his guidance, the name of the earth would spread far and wide, becoming an incredible power of the trillions of races in the universe.

"Even though a skyscraper always starts from the first level, the foundation of the building will determine how high it can go."

"My foundation is set!"

"It's time to build!"

"It'll all depend on my hard work." Luo Feng thought. There were extremely few in the universe that had as many resources as him. Humanity had countless races under it with quite a few universe masters. It was definitely unwise to leave this star tower and Force armor to a sector lord immediately.

No matter how much of a genius he was, it was impossible!

The great being however was a lone wolf. He didn't need to think about the race, and it was obvious that his accumulated wealth and strength wasn't too far off from humanity as a whole. To be on good terms with such a being…even the universe masters would be incredibly happy.

"My disciple." The majestic being pointed to the floating water droplets around. "There are a total of a million soldier souls, 100,000 general, 10,000 king and 1,000 emperor souls. They are similar to the Yan Shen armors, they have a huge requirement on the bodies. The Raw souls have a huge requirement on their souls.

"The soldier soul, only a normal human sector lord pinnacle can fully accept the fusion.

"The general requires 100 times that of a sector lord pinnacle."

"The king soul requires 10,000 times."

"The emperor soul requires 1 million."

The being looked at Luo Feng. "Disciple, even though you are only sector lord, you have soul amplification techniques. In terms of willpower and consciousness, you've passed the life or death inheritance. The consciousness is part of the soul, while yours may be slightly weaker, its akin to an undying. However in terms of willpower…many knights don't even compare to you."

The star tower inheritance is very special, the stronger the soul, the more painful the fusion.

Hence back when the being got a big group of warriors to experiment on, he had got a few knights to give it a shot. Anyone able to become a knight was incredibly powerful and would have been an absolute genius. However the pain was unbearable, without any struggle, they all fell! Very simple.

The sector lords and undyings had weaker souls, the pain from the inheritance was naturally lesser. But, even they all fell too. All they did was that they managed to struggle a little.

Hence he set for the candidates to be either sector lord or undying.

But for Luo Feng to succeed…his willpower had to be heavenly first, honing it over the past 6,000 years, especially with that evolution at the 3,200 year mark. A knight's willpower couldn't even compare to his.

"The soul acts as the soldier, the consciousness is the general, and the willpower commands them all. The stronger the consciousness and willpower, the higher the amount of strength you are able to unleash. Even though you are a sector lord, you have over 32 times soul amplification. However, using your willpower…even after using the General soul, you'd still have plenty to spare." The being said. "Take these two general souls. One is for your earth body, and another for the golden horned beast. Once I have arranged everything, you can use it then."

"Yes." Luo Feng said respectfully.

With a flip of his hand, he kept two general souls into his world ring.

"Teacher, these soldier and general souls…" Luo Feng was hesitant. Beside him, the universe master Pu Ti laughed, "Third junior, they are all special items, and their level of power is not lower than many true treasures. Unless you truly want to begin nurturing the earth race warriors, otherwise, it's better to leave them here. They are safest here."

"Hm." Luo Feng nodded, looking at the countless water droplets, these were the future of the earth warriors. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"Follow me, let me take you on a tour of the star tower!" The being pointed ahead and countless water droplets in the space began to form a boat. First it formed the head and later on the rest of it the power gathering of energy formed an exquisite over 10km long boat. Luo Feng stared wide eyed.

"Get on." The being jumped in and sat crossed legged.

Since he was over 900m tall, when he sat in this over 10km long boat, it was almost like a normal person sitting in a 30m long boat, it was normal enough. However, Luo Feng and Pu Ti were much smaller.

"Creation?" Luo Feng's eyes were filled with shock. This was a boat that was even stronger than the one Nine blade had sat in, yet he constructed it so easily.

"Are you shocked? Third junior, teacher is one of the greatest beings of the universe. The laws make way for him, they are useless in the area around him. You should feel it too, you cant even feel the laws around him." Pu Ti smiled at Luo Feng. "And he's able to fully control whatever happens in the area around him. It's not like the laws obeying him, rather, he's the master!"

"Within a certain area, even the laws have to obey whatever he says!"

"If he said that fire can freeze a person to death, that would happen."

"If he said that countless lives have reached the end of their life spans and should die, then they would all die."

"If he said that a star should vanish, giving off endless light, that would happen."

"If he said that the speed limit isn't light speed, but 10 times that, then this area would allow ten times light speed."

"The laws obey him!"

"Within his area, the laws are useless and he controls everything." Pu Ti laughed as he looked at Luo Feng's shocked expression.

Luo Feng was completely stunned.

The laws obey him?

This was the great being?

Anything he said goes?

The laws were useless?

"Of course it's not as invincible as you think. In this vast universe…everything flows according to the origin laws, it gives the strongest beings respect. Hence they have certain privileges, this ability is only applicable to a fixed area around him. If one is truly going against the laws of the universe, that would be suicide."

"In theory, being able to do this would mean he can easily kill countless warriors?"

"However, when it came to the universe masters who are able to control time and space…even the great being would find it hard to kill them." Pu Ti explained.

…

Luo Feng felt shocked as he listened to the explanation. The perspectives were completely different. In the past, he was fixated on becoming an emperor or knight, looking high up at the universe masters, having some hope of someday becoming one. Which genius didn't have that dream?

A soldier that didn't want to be general wasn't a good soldier, but just how many could make it that far?

The geniuses all had ambitions and dreams, but many end up simply just that.

Luo Feng looked up to the universe masters. However, now with both his seniors as universe masters, and his teacher being the great being, listening to them speak was like hearing the highest level of secrets about the universe.

"Star tower, nine light years tall."

"If you slowly go about it, who knows when you'll finish." The majestic being sat crossed legged like a huge mountain. He pointed about, "Let me guide you and you'll finish it in half a day. Pay close attention."

Luo Feng sat in the boat.

The boat's speed far exceeded light speed. In theory, the moment that happened, they would enter the dark universe, but that didn't happen. The great being had already fixed the speed limit around the boat, going against the laws of the universe. This was something only the great being could do.

The most peculiar thing was, Luo Feng could still see everything clearly.

"Able to see everything past light speed?" Luo Feng couldn't understand it at all. Everything went against what he was used to, but he carried on.

The vast star tower.

There was endless space within. The many forbidden paces only took up less than 1% of the area. As for the larger areas, there were the many heavenly pillars…endless pillars, The short ones were a few light seconds long, while the long ones were over one light year!

The pillars had endless engravings and were incredible complex. They glowed with gold light. They leaned and supported the tower, and around them were other strange shaped treasures, all with enormous amounts of energies. Other than those, there were the many sealed stars. They were like automatic cars that revolved on their own all about, ever the ones with markings on them.

The pillars were the framework of the entire tower!

The other treasures were the tiles and bricks!

And countless sealed stars revolved about!

The huge law engravings covered the heavenly pillars, piercing through countless treasures and sealed stars. It almost looked like an incredibly terrifying machine…forming one complete body. This was the true treasure, star tower. While Luo Feng could visibly see the complex engravings…it exceeded even that of the Beast god statue.

This tour…took an entire day.

Luo Feng was completely stunned.

"These law engravings…" Luo Feng held his breath.

"Even though I spent countless years and effort on them." The great being's voice boomed. "But during the process, a special change occurred that was out of my control. Even I couldn't understand it, this was the wonder of the universe. My disciple, you can feel and sense the entire tower."

"Yes I can."

Luo Feng nodded, "After the process was over, I could feel it. The sealed stars, I feel as though they are easy enough for me to just grab, easy for me to enter the many forbidden spaces. As for triggering the entire tower…I still feel like I'm facing an immovable mountain."

"The star tower has limitless power." The being smiled. "You are still so weak, how can you trigger it?"

"Just triggering that force armor alone requires a body strength of one hundred million times sector lord! Normally, only knights can reach that limit. When you break through to undying, you will definitely become emperor invincible level, and will be even stronger than many invincible emperors out there. When you train in the Nine volume manual later on, you will become akin to a special life form, you'd be able to use the force armor then."

"However, the star tower is stronger than the armor by hundreds of times."

"Triggering it is incredibly hard."

"For you to use it perfectly…"

"It will be very difficult!"

"The moment you can do it, even if you use the smallest amount of strength, it would be extremely easy for you to squash the knights." The being said. "But, right now, you are still weak."