Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 888: Luo Feng’s Return

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Virtual universe, within Luo Feng's villa in the primal region.

"Hm?" Luo Feng just connected and realized he had a bunch of mail.

"So much."

He was stunned, gently tapping in mid air as the pages appeared and he read through.

"Primal chaos city leader teacher had tried to contact him twice, True Yan nine times, Bolan once, Rong Jun twice, Gao Sheng once…"

"Luo Ping eighteen times, Luo Hai twenty one times, Luo Hua three times, Dad three times, Mom eighty three times As for Xu Xin, she had contacted him 38,192 times!"

A blur of messages, it completely stunned Luo Feng.

Other than his teachers, friends and family, there were other friends from the Hong alliance. Some had invited Blade River emperor to explore regions with them, some wanting to sell some items to him, some asking for help…

…

The Primal chaos city leader's mail was very simply, "Come see me as soon as possible!"

True yan's mail said, "If you survive, there's no rush. Deal with your family first then come see me."

…

Bolan and his other good friends before had just become sector lords not long ago.

As for his friend Gao Sheng who he met on Horned star dragon long time ago, he mailed him to tell him he had broken off from his family and had been exploring the universe for many years, finally striking it big. The mail was filled with glee, also awaiting Luo Feng's reply. However this mail was sent over 2,000 years ago…and Luo Feng hadn't replied to any of his mails.

…

As for his family, they were all filled with worry.

"Xu Xin." He looked at the blur of mails from her, shocked, these were all sent when he began his six thousandth year of life or death inheritance. There was almost one every day, sometimes two. Within a couple of hundred of years, there were over 30,000 mails from her.

He swiftly scanned through them.

"Feng, the family's concealment plan is almost complete. I'm much more relaxed now and just awaiting your return. The Luo family will get even stronger now"

"Feng, I'm currently in North Birch star field. There is a beautiful planet, the scenery is really nice, only a little cold…"

"Feng, I encountered some trouble today, I didn't expect that after trusting her for so long, she'd dare go against me like that. I guess you never know what's going on in someone's heart. Seems right, I haven't seen that underling in a few hundred years…"

…

The many mails were just like a diary, recording her life, joy, troubles and so on, over the hundreds of years.

The words were filled with worries, the pain that came from deep within, even when she spoke of happy things, it made Luo Feng feel that there was still worry behind.

"Trouble." Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"The mails of back then sure were filled with trouble." Luo Feng felt the bitterness within.

Back then when he accepted the life or death inheritance, when he detected danger, only then did he leave behind the mail for his family, set to be sent during the 6,000 years. When he finally succeeded, he didn't expect…that the inheritance would have lasted over 6,000 years, it was absurd.

"They must be extremely worried from that mail." Luo Feng was able to guess their reaction.

"The Primal chaos city leader and True Yan, I'll visit them later." He thought. "They wouldn't care if I wait awhile."

"I'll visit my family first."

Sou!

He immediately entered Black Dragon Mountain island's Nine star bay.

******

Nine star bay, other than the three core residences which belonged to Luo Feng, Thunder god and Hong, every other living space was from the Luo family, and the renovation styles of the other buildings were all uniform.

Luo Feng's ancient villa hadn't changed over the past 10,000 years.

As It had a special meaning and position, normal family members couldn't even enter it. The grass before the villa currently had Luo Ping sitting in a stone chair, and the table had bottles of wine, with tens of them already empty. He was sipping and drinking, non stop, his forehead filled with worry.

"Hm?" Luo Feng instantly appeared before the villa, his expression changed at the scene.

"Luo Ping, what's the matter?"

He had never seen his big son use wine to forget his troubles. Of the two kids, Luo Ping was the calm one and he managed a lot of the family affairs. He was already considered one of the family leaders.

"I said, everyone get out, leave us now!" Luo Feng detected some people behind him and immediately roared as he waved his hand.

"Luo Ping."

A voice resounded.

The voice was calm, almost like the vast ocean, even so, it was filled with vast energies. A strong warrior speaking to a weaker person gave a different feeling. Luo Feng's powerful willpower and consciousness naturally affected others about.

Luo Ping was completely stunned as he turned gradually.

Behind him…

The silhouette that stood there was a very normal human body, even slightly shorter than himself. However, this silhouette was the pillar of the entire Luo family! The pillar of the entire earth!

"Dad!" Luo Ping stared wide eyed, dropping the wine bottles as they fell on the grass and rolled, wine leaking out.

"Dad, dad." He rushed over excitedly, hugging Luo Feng.

"Haha…" Luo Feng laughed. "What's the matter, why have you resorted to drinking."

"The stress is too much." He got up and wiped his tears. He felt the endless worries within instantly vanish. He had yet to undergo such stress before, however when Luo Feng returned, everything disappeared with the wind, they were no longer worries.

"Where's your mother?" He asked, "Bring me to her."

"She's currently negotiating with the Gold Mist universe country's Luo Si family." Luo Ping said.

"Negotiating?" Luo Feng frowned.

"Hm." Luo Ping said helplessly, "Dad, since you sent that mail to the family, we were all afraid."

"I didn't say I had died, only I was in some trouble." Luo Feng couldn't help but reply.

"We know you were alive. Seeing Di fan and the others alive naturally meant that you were alive. However, your mail said that you were in danger and that we may not be able to see you for a short period of time at best and longer period of time at worst. Short period could potentially mean 10,000 years, and long period could potentially mean millions of years. In all, the family began to get worried, and only grandpa and grandma, along with uncle, mum and little brother knew about it. For the family…we began to swiftly reorganize the management. Enforcing stricter management, cutting down on bad members that brought us enemies."

Luo Feng's family had been around for over 10,000 years. Hence the number of family members were shocking.

Many normal disciples and members, without any privileges, lived like normal people. Afterall with their current numbers…even over 10,000 life planets weren't enough for them to live on. It was obvious how fast humans reproduced! Actually several super families in the universe, had enough people to take up an entire galaxy, or even hundreds of them, this was very normal.

"Our Luo Family grew too fast. When you were here to control it, it was still ok."

"But because…"

"Hence, we controlled the rules and began to leave many back doors for the family. The business had grown huge and long left the Ganwu universe country. We didn't expect that a few decades ago, the Gold Mist universe country's Luo Si family, because of some elite disciple's problem that grew bigger and bigger, refused to make way! That family…is a super family in the Gold Mist universe country, and their family leader is Jian Ta emperor. I also heard that his teacher is a knight!"

"After the matter got worst, I heard that he sent a mail to you to settle it personally."

"However your virtual universe has been shut for so long."

"Mum even said that there's been rumors around Yu Xiang mountain that you've fallen." Luo Ping said. "The underlings in your villa haven't seen you in over 6,000 years. To a sector lord that barely lived past 10,000 years, vanishing for 6,000 years at a go was unbelievable."

Luo Feng nodded.

Indeed…there were rumors that he had fallen.

"That Jian Ta emperor may have noticed this and hence never stopped his family. Maybe he wanted to make use of the opportunity to force our family to submit to him, seeing if you'll show yourself." Luo Ping said

"Hmph."

Luo Feng nodded coldly, "Whether I'm alive or dead, just this news alone is priceless. Especially the other races in the universe…they'd want to find out the truth about the matter. That Jian Ta emperor is only a disciple of a knight, yet he dares go so far. Let's go, bring me to your mum."

…

Nine star bay, Luo family headquarters.

Xu Xin personally brought the team of envoys from the Luo family.

"Mrs Luo, our Luo Si family respects lord Luo Feng greatly. Hence we've been bearing all this while, however this doesn't mean that we can be easily bullied. This is our final line…as long as you can compensate us this much, everything will be settled." The negotiator from the Luo Si family was a gold armored giant with an elephant nose.

Xu Xin sat there.

Could she agree? Being bullied to that extent. If she bowed down, the rumors would get even crazier, and the other families would gradually all begin to suspect if Luo Feng had truly fallen. Once that begun, it would be even more troublesome.

"Mrs Luo, the negotiations have already gone on for seven days, and today is the last day. If there is no resolution, our Luo Si family will have to…"

Pa!

The doors swung open violently, everyone within was shocked. This was an important negotiation, who would dare barge in like that?

A silver armored silhouette walked straight in.

The formless pressure…just the pressure from his consciousness spread throughout…

Immediately made everyone in the Luo Si family go pale.

"Luo Si family? Jian Ta emperor?"

"Tell him!" The silver armored youth looked coldly at the leader of the family. "Anyone who dares bully my family, his guts must be huge. I really wonder…who gives him such guts. Has he been bribed by the other races? Tell him, without a proper answer, I don't mind…in killing him and wiping out the entire Luo Si family!"

Everyone in the hall was shocked.

"The head of our Luo Si family…" The giant with the elephant nose was stuttering and about to speak.

"A low emperor. Hmph." Luo Feng snorted coldly. "Remember, I want a proper answer. If it's not good enough, you know what will happen."

The Luo Si family side were all shocked into silence.

"Get out." Luo Feng ordered.

They all bowed respectfully, leaving the room haggardly before vanishing. They didn't dare vanish before Luo Feng, their pride had all been completely smashed.

…

Within the hall.

Everyone in the Luo Family had looks of glee, Xu Xin stood there, her body shaking excitedly as she looked at him.

"It's been hard on you." Luo Feng turned to his wife and gently held her hand.

The others all left obediently.

Only Luo Feng and her were left.

"You are back, that's good." She looked at him, tears welling up.

"Everything is good. I promise you that no one will bully our family, no one." Luo Feng gently rubbed her face. Recalling the over 30,000 mails, he felt sorry within, he…owed too much to her.

"As long as you come back, that's enough." She said softly, "Give me a hug."

"Hm." Luo Feng nodded.

They hugged for awhile as she lay in his chest. Although there was silence, she was feeling his warmth, his heartbeat, and his energy.

After awhile…