Chapter 891: Jian Ta Emperor Pleads Guilty

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"With the rumors of my death, they began to test the waters." Luo Feng sighed. "This is the character of man."

"Your family relies on you to support them. The moment you fall, your family's strength will naturally suffer." True Yan sipped his wine. Shaking his head, he said "My Ka Hun Si race relies on me too. Even with me alive, because I don't normally interfere with the ape man affairs, my race would still be bullied. If you don't teach them a good lesson, they will always find ways to step over you."

Luo Feng nodded, "The city leader told me before as well, asking me to pass the sector lord primal region sky mountain to show off my strength and scare everybody."

"What the city leader said makes sense." True Yan nodded, after which he added shocked, "You can pass the primal region sky mountain?"

"Should be." Luo Feng nodded.

"That requires law comprehension of level 20." True Yan said.

Luo Feng smiled.

"Haha, good little punk." True Yan couldn't help but say, "You've only trained for such a short time and yet you've already caught up with your third senior."

"Well, I am a genius." Luo Feng said shamelessly.

"Haha, when you get to primal chaos city, you have to buy me some good wine." True Yan said.

"But of course." Luo Feng said carefree.

"Passing the sky mountain gives 100 billion points. The little bit you will spend on wine would mean nothing to you." True Yan laughed loudly.

Even though they were simply jesting and joking.

Deep within, Luo Feng was still pondering over the matter with Jian Ta, thinking about how to deal with him. As for passing the sky mountain, he wasn't in a rush to do it yet. When he had fully settled things in the outer region and returned, it wouldn't be too late to attempt it then.

As for Jian Ta emperor…

He had to settle it immediately!

Even though Jian Ta's actions were considered controlled, without any killings, this was a start, a start to bullying the Luo family! The moment such a thing began, it was best to get rid of it immediately, letting the other families know…the heavy consequences of messing with the Luo family!

…

Luo Feng chatted and drank with his teacher. With their strength and position close to each other, they naturally got closer. However, he didn't dare to do so with the Primal chaos city leader or the sitting mountain guest. He had no way to be that friendly with them. And the city leader or the great being couldn't possibly be that way with him either.

"Luo Feng, there's mail." Babata alerted him on his shoulder, "It's Jian Ta."

"The mail has come." Luo Feng's gaze focused.

His son Luo Ping and wife Xu Sin had said before that Jian Ta had tried to contact him before but he never once got a mail from Jian Ta.

He gently tapped the screen and the mail appeared.

True Yan sitting opposite lifted his wine glass and asked, "What did Jian Ta say?"

"He said." Luo Feng smiled, "He will personally come to my residence in Nine star bay to plead for his crimes."

"He's actually willing to do such a thing." True Yan mocked. "Looks like he's clear that this concerns his life." In the outer region wars, it was forbidden to kill allies of the same camp. However, within humanity outside the wars, there was no such army system regulation. It was normal for warriors to kill each other from grudges and fights, and the upper echelons hardly ever bothered.

Their management attitude was very simple.

It was fine with little killings within, however if another race had invaded to kill humans within, they would completely react. As for humans heading to the outer region wars to battle other races, they had to be completely united!

"Attitude alone is not enough." Luo Feng lifted his wine glass. "Teacher, I'll finish this wine with you before heading back, it wouldn't be too late then."

"Hm, let him suffer a little." True Yan lifted his wine glass too.

Pa.

They knocked glasses and continued chatting. After a while, only when the wine was finished, did he leave.

*******

Virtual universe, Black Dragon Mountain, Nine star bay.

"The family leader is currently not here, you can return another time Jian Ta emperor. Or you can wait here."

"No rush, I'll wait here."

"Then I'll be leaving."

Within a pavilion specially used for guests, over 8m tall, a gold armored giant with an elephant nose sat there.

Luo Feng's guest areas was separated by levels too.

This one was for normal guest to rest, letting an emperor rest here was considered an insult.

"Looks like Luo Feng is pretty angry with me." Jian Ta sniffed the air, as his eyes were filled with worry. "Without his order, how could the Luo Family dare treat an undying like that? What's more, I'm an emperor! With no staff to wait on me, and only a slave to guide me over, and this is a very normal place. Even the tea is cold."

"Wait."

"I have to wait for Luo Feng to appear." He lifted his cold tea and slowly sipped, seemingly unaffected by the environment and treatment.

…

The upper echelon of the Luo Family had gathered within the mansion.

"Jian Ta is here? He's been put in the tea pavilion?" Gong Xin La couldn't help but worry. "That is afterall an emperor, we cannot treat him so badly."

"Mum."

Xu Xin smiled, "No problem, this is what Luo Feng personally instructed us to do."

"Ah, I don't quite understand." Gong Xin lan nodded, sighing. "I just feel that an emperor is a huge being, our Ganwu universe country leader doesn't even have an emperor under him."

"He isn't even complaining about being placed there." Luo Ping laughed.

"Because…"

A voice resounded as someone walked in, it was Luo Feng, "He doesn't wish to die!"

"Dad." Luo Ping and Luo Hai stood up.

"You are back." Xu Xin walked over as well.

"Brother." Luo Hua shouted happily.

Luo Feng nodded, looking at his parents, "Dad, mum."

"It's good you are back." The two of them nodded.

"I'm going to deal with Jian Ta, we'll have a reunion dinner later." Luo Feng said. After leaving for so long, he respected the chinese mid autumn festival even more than before. Because, whenever he trained, it would go for at least a few decades. Hence every time he returned, it was a good time for a reunion.

"Go on." Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"Go on."

They all said, after all, against an emperor, just their formless pressure alone could make normal people below undying level submit. Unless they had heavenly willpower and consciousness strength. As for Luo Feng, his willpower alone exceeded that of many knights, and he was the leader of the earth race, having survived the life or death inheritance.

…

The cold tea with bad scenery, without any staff.

Jian Ta sat there slowly waiting.

A silhouette walked over from afar. This made Jian Ta look over, he immediately smiled and stood up, standing at the entrance to welcome Luo Feng in. Only when Luo Feng got close did he bow, "Your majesty Luo Feng, this whole incident has been a blemish on the Luo Si family side, I'm here to apologize humbly."

"Apologize?" Luo Feng glanced at him, meeting a warrior of such caliber in the outer region wars, Luo Feng could easily settle him in one blow.

Back then he was already capable of acquiring an emperor limit as a slave. With his strength which was even more powerful now, and his perspectives higher than before, even Seven Blade or Da Long, those absolute warriors that had names spread through the trillions of races. Luo Feng didn't even fear them, as for this little Jian Ta? What was he?

Jian Ta said, "Your majesty Luo Feng, I personally came to seek forgiveness, but let me state one thing."

"Speak." Luo Feng had sat on the stone chair.

"I believe that you are clear too that I founded the family a long time ago and have been immersed in my training, hence I don't manage a lot of the family matters." He said. "Any family usually has its own managers. And the true founder usually sticks to his training and hardly meddles in the affairs."

"Right now, my seventh generation grandson is the one that manages the family. He is quite strong and has some management ability, he's a normal undying." Jian Ta said, "Back then, when my family had some issues with yours, when it got blown up…the negotiating team and everything were all arranged by him."

"He hid everything from me."

Jian Ta shook his head and sighed. "When you appeared and spoke out, you immediately scared the entire family. Only then did one of my descendants actually send a mail to me and ask me on how to settle this. I only found out then…that they actually dared offend your majesty's family! I was immediately shocked. That scum actually offended your family, is he trying to destroy the entire Luo Si family?"

"I teleported via god country over immediately. When I saw him, he just looked at me, smiling peculiarly before self destructing." He said.

Luo Feng sat quietly and listened.

"Are you done?" Luo Feng looked at him.

"Your majesty, I wasn't strict with my management of my family and this resulted. However…this matter, I just became an emperor, I wouldn't have the guts to come offend your majesty." Jian Ta said.

"You are maligned?" Luo Feng looked at him.

"I am guilty, but this wasn't instructed by me." He said. "I know too that there are many other races searching for you, and as a small little emperor, I wouldn't dare act like that. Even if those other races had planted spies within my family, they probably wouldn't dare use them. However, controlling a normal undying in my family and using him to check up on your family, this has little cost to them."

"But no matter what, I am still guilty."

"I am here to plead for forgiveness." He flipped his hand and respectfully placed a list of items on the stone table.

Luo Feng glanced at it.

It was a list on all sorts items to amend the dispute, it was considered generous enough.

"Hmph."

Luo Feng however snorted coldly at him, "Are you done?"

He was shocked, saying, "Please speak your majesty."

"I don't care what happens within your Luo Si family, this has nothing to do with me." Luo Feng gazed coldly at him. "I only know that your Luo Si family has offended my family, don't blame me and say I didn't give you a way to live. The universe always gives a chance of survival, I'm giving you a chance too, agree to it…and you'll survive!"

Luo Feng tossed something out coldly.

He had also prepared a list earlier, Jian Ta was pale as he heard those words from Luo Feng. As he gazed through the list…he stared wide eyed.