Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 897: Twin Whirlpools

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Luo Feng looked at his nine slaves and felt strength. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Even though he had been strong all this while, the moment a pinnacle or emperor limit burnt their undying bodies and gave it their all, he would only be able to rely on the Sha Wu wings to defend and dodge. Because of this, he was only capable of prolonging the battle, and this was his big weak point, he had no undying body to burn.

"Now I have nine powerful slaves, and all of them are undyings of other races. I wouldn't ever have to simply waste time when the enemy burns his undying energy.

Nine warriors, of which four were controlled directly by him.

The other five were controlled by him through his slaves.

He directly controlled Heavy Arrow, Honed Heart, Ji Hong and Fu Shui. When he first chose his targets, he knew that Ji Hong was suitable for the ancient clock. Hence, he naturally personally controlled Ji Hong himself at critical times. As the last one he controlled, Fu Shui was controlled because he was suitable for the Ice net.

In terms of importance, the ancient clock and Ice net…these two true treasures, were much more important that the emperor limits themselves.

******

Hong alliance, within a restaurant.

Luo Feng was sipping tea casually. The Ping Hai business had grown huge, making tea a widely available drink, and there were many connoisseurs of tea throughout the universe now.

Pa! Pa!

A knocking on door, the staff specially assigned to his booth gently tapped on the wall and a white screen appeared. In it a lady friend Yong Yan emperor dressed in a purple armor with short purple hair was present, and her eyes were glowing blue.

Luo Feng glanced over and nodded to the staff, only then did he open the door.

"Hua." The booth door opened.

Yong Yan entered.

"You can leave." Luo Feng ordered the staff.

"Yes."

The staff left and closed the door behind him, leaving only Luo Feng and Yong Yan within.

"Blade River…it's been so long, why have you contacted me?" Her expression displayed a sense of interest and curiosity. She sat right beside him as she continued, "But I heard that you've recently caused a great massacre within star tower, that was quite a shock."

Yong Yan was a high emperor.

She was friendly but distant before. This time however, after Luo Feng's name had risen greatly, she was shocked by the news initially, as she never expected him to be that strong.

"I need your help." Luo Feng said directly.

"I will do my best to assist you. Only thing is…just what can I do to help you?" She looked at him.

"Tell me where Tian Chen emperor is, his exact location!" Luo Feng said directly. "The moment it's confirmed, I will transfer 100 million mixed elements as a thank you."

"Hmph, Blade River sure is generous." She looked at him, "He won't find out about this right?"

"Hm." Luo Feng nodded.

It was easy enough to guess. Afterall back then Blade River and Tian Chen were on good terms. If there weren't any special circumstance, he would have easily been able to just call up Tian Chen and ask him himself. Was there a need to get his location through another person? Yong Yan wasn't stupid, she smiled, "Tian Chen is currently in the most dangerous place of the seventh battlefield, the Twin Whirlpools. Blade River, you can begin heading there and when you arrive, I will give you the exact location."

"Hm." Luo Feng smiled and nodded, "Thanks Yong Yan, I trust in your ability."

After which he vanished.

Yong Yan lifted the glass of tea and pondered, smiling, "This is getting interesting. This Blade River sure isn't ordinary at all, it's better to stay on good terms with him."

******

Star tower, within the palace surrounded by sealed stars.

"Which among you can get to Twin Whirlpools as fast as possible?" Luo Feng looked at his nine slaves.

"Master, I can do it."

Three warriors spoke up, they were after all the top notch warriors in the outer region wars. Only several others were stronger than them, mainly Life Fall, 7 blade etc. Hence, other than Star tower, they had naturally been to many other places within the outer region wars, leaving markers about.

"Very good, Ji Hong, you shall lead the way." Luo Feng said.

"Yes master." Ji Hong said respectfully.

"Other than Heavy Arrow and Ji Hong by my side, you other seven will stay in the world ring. Only when I need you for battle will you show yourselves." Luo Feng ordered. The other seven warriors all complied respectfully, entering the normal world ring.

Luo Feng would summon them at critical times. If the battle ever got too intense and he had no way to trigger the world energy of the world ring, the seven warriors would be able to forcefully break out on their own too.

"I left one of my plant life form markers within an asteroid there back then." Ji Hong said.

"Then let's go." Luo Feng ordered.

Weng…

A light appeared and it engulfed the entire area. Luo Feng was able to see the scene of the distant god country.

Hua!

Luo Feng, Heavy Arrow and Ji Hong were all teleported away from Star tower.

…

They first appeared within the god country before being teleported to Twin whirlpools.

Twin whirlpools was an area covered by two extremely huge whirlpools. The smaller one had a diameter of 3.9 light years and the larger one 4.2 light years. They affected each other and were both unable to swell any larger. However, large amounts of items were still pulled into them.

"Master, Twin whirlpools has both gravity and repelling forces."

"When you first enter the area, the gravity is very strong. As you get deeper, it gets even crazier, and when you reach the limit, the gravity would vanish and the repelling force will act on you instead. The closer you get to the core, the stronger this force will be. None of the emperors have ever reached the core area." Ji Hong introduced the area respectfully. "Some have tried to teleport in, however the moment they did that, the huge force would instantly destroy them."

"Hm." Luo Feng nodded.

The most dangerous places in the entire outer region wars all had their own specialties. Of course, Star tower was the most special as it was in itself a treasure.

Hua hua…

An asteroid with a diameter of 3 km revolved about the twin whirlpools.

"This asteroid's speed is so fast, flying within this arc for countless years. It is unable to escape from the whirlpools or get deeper." Ji Hong said. Luo Feng stood on it and gazed about. With a glance, amidst the vast blackness, he could see little asteroids and mountains etc.

"Yong Yan." Luo Feng contacted her via the virtual universe, "I've arrived at Twin whirlpools."

"So fast? However I've already checked on his location, these are the coordinates."

"Thanks, once it's confirmed I will send the reward over to your account."

A simple transaction.

Luo Feng had already acquired the accurate coordinates. Even though Yong Yan was only a high emperor, she was one of the members of a powerful group within the Hong alliance. This group was proficient in information and investigation, and its unique quality was that all members were female! It was said that the leader of this group was one of the Shrine masters of the Hong alliance.

"Tian Chen isnt far from me, let's go." Luo Feng ordered.

"Master, teleporting within Twin whirlpools requires extremely accurate coordinates. The moment there's a mistake and one enters too deep into the dangerous regions, one could easily lose his life." Ji Hong warned.

"Hm."

Luo Feng nodded, the Mosha body had become a metal fragment on his cloud contact armor, feeling the vast space ripples, swiftly determining the exact coordinates.

Luo Feng, Heavy arrow and Ji Hong vanished from the spot.

…

The larger whirlpool had a continent within with a diameter of over thirty million km. It was flying within for all eternity.

Within this continent, there were two teams, and one was a team led by Tian Chen.

"Hmph."

His long hair flew in the wind as he sat crossed legged. Beside him stood a tall and sturdy scaled other race warrior.

Ever since he earned a lot from the star tower incident, his luck had been good. Currently, he had three slaves, of which two were emperor limits, and one was the pinnacle soul master, Chi mang emperor. With the three warriors and his own strength…

He had successfully killed many, getting many treasures and lots of wealth, buying many items within Hong alliance.

When one got stronger, their wealth naturally grew and their treasures grew too. With that, they would get even stronger. This was a virtuous cycle!

In theory…he was initially in a very good mood, but it changed suddenly.

"Blade River emperor!"

"Blade River!" He sat crossed legged there, the words resounding in his mind, he recalled the information clearly.

In less than half a month, Blade River had killed over ten soul masters and emperor limits, with other emperors ranging over forty.

"These were all done by Blade River and his slave Heavy Arrow!

"I knew it!"

"I knew back then that when he escaped, there would be trouble."

"Just from the exchange with him from back then, I knew that if he could enslave Heavy Arrow, he must have true treasures and a limitless future. I carefully prepared that set up…and secretly tried to kill him. Who would've thought at the critical moment, he'd break free of the illusion and brandish the strongest flame god crystal. Luckily that exit appeared, allowing me to escape." He still remembered that scene when Blade River brandished the crystal without any hesitation…

It was terrifying.

He understood after that incident that if Blade River didn't die, there would be a tragedy for him in the future. Hence over the 6,000 years, he worked hard to strengthen himself. Even though he had prepared sufficiently, no one would have expected him to be that terrifying.

"Hm, teleportation?" He felt a spatial ripple, turning to look.