Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 900: Life or Death Brothers

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Even though he gave the order immediately, it was still too late.

The ripples about had already begun and many warriors around had used space lockdown. This made Luo Feng's expression sink initially as he sighed. These warriors had moved extremely fast after getting the news, teleporting here and instantly using space lockdown.

…

After the three teams appeared, they searched for their target immediately.

"Other race team?"

"Where's the team that attacked Tian Chen's group?" The three teams looked about, sending their undying energy to search. At the same time, they used their scanners…

"Nothing."

"We can't find them."

"We were originally here in Twin whirpools, and when we got the news we instantly teleported over here, also using space lockdown immediately. In such a short time, they actually managed to escape? That Tian Chen is a well renowned warrior, was he unable to last for that short while?"

The three teams looked at each other. Since they were all from the human camp, they immediately recognized each other and communicated.

"Attention all!"

A snow furry monkey like being with a sharp nose from the group said, "Your scanners may not have detected anything. But mine has detected another small scanner 22km away from us." He pointed in the direction.

"What?"

"There's a mini scanner there?"

"Snow Horn emperor, are you sure? Why haven't we detected anything?"

"Snow Horn's mini scanner is the most expensive of our group, worth several billions of mixed elements. Hence, he's definitely right, there must be another team there hiding. Haha, we'll find out soon enough if they are hiding there…break!" A powerful undying energy swept past the area.

How much area could a small scanner cover?

An area of ten km was easily covered by undying energy. As long as there was resistance, without a doubt there would warriors hidden there.

Rumble.

God energy spread over the area.

Rumble! The hidden region suddenly exploded with a stronger undying energy, immediately engulfing the undying energy that swept over it. It overwhelmed the sweep…sweeping past the three teams.

"It's an emperor limit warrior!"

"Be careful everybody."

Even though the three teams were cautious, they knew that the other team was from another race and that they had true treasures. Yet they still dared to rush over immediately. This was definitely a team that stood at the pinnacle of strength in Twin whirlpools. Afterall, every area within here had diameters of a few light years.

And teleportation easily covered a couple of light years.

A few teleports would easily cover the area. In theory, most teams should get here fast enough, however why were there so few? It was because the other teams were afraid. They wanted to let other warriors get here first before rushing over for the fight, seeing if they could get anything amidst the chaos.

The three teams had a total of sixteen warriors, for a total of nine emperor limits, three pinnacle soul masters and four emperor pinnacles.

It was an extremely powerful team.

Rumble…the undying energy that swept past them was easily dispersed.

"They actually dared to attack warriors of the same race, are they looking to be killed by our human camp?" A cold curse resounded. In the distance the hidden region warped and three silhouettes appeared. One was the silver winged Blade River emperor, Tian Chen with his long hair and Ji Hong emperor.

"It's Blade River."

"It's Tian Chen!"

The three teams were all shocked, since the victim of this incident was still alive? And the terrifying Blade River had come to twin whirlpools?

"Blade River, it's a misunderstanding, we didn't know it was you."

"Blade River, Tian Chen, it's all an error, we thought it was the other race team hiding there."

Attacking another warrior from the same camp was wrong. Even though no one was injured, the three teams immediately expressed their apologies. Obviously they didn't want to mess with the renowned Blade River emperor.

"Hmph!" Luo Feng's expression was ice cold.

In truth, he heaved a sigh of relief within. With his prudence, to prevent others from seeing too much by rushing over, when he soul controlled Tian Chen earlier, he had already activated his mini scanner to hide them. When the space was on lockdown, preventing them from fleeing, he immediately acted according to his plan B.

First keep the other warriors into his world ring, after that appear with Tian Chen and Ji Hong…acting like they were all from the human camp.

After all, Blade River was a human!

… VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"I gave my all to save my friend Tian Chen and evade the other race team. If I managed to escape from them only to be killed by your attacks…then I'd have nothing to say." Luo Feng gazed at the three teams, they all smiled apologetically.

If they accidentally attacked a weak warrior, they wouldn't even bother.

But Blade River was simply too renowned, massacring emperor limits and pinnacle emperor soul masters, plus he was human! Within the human camp…the other races were all subservient, and humans were the strongest. Also, the army system was obviously biased towards the humans as well.

This made it so that the three teams didn't dare offend Luo Feng!

"Tian Chen's energy is really weak."

"Looks like he's lost over half his undying body."

"It's tragic, the injury must be severe. However, it's known that Tian Chen and Blade River are good friends. When the sealed star fell in star tower, they were together too. It was said that Blade River almost fell into the danger region and Tian Chen almost rushed in, however Blade River got lucky and an exit appeared before him."

"This is true friendship, over our long life spans, our relatives all die. Hence, the good friends are more important. There are all sorts of dangers in the universe, and very few true friends are out there. Hence, everyone is important! Tian Chen and Blade River have such a relationship, I bet the moment Blade River got the news, he immediately rushed over and was here first."

"Tian Chen might have called out to him first, allowing him to get here faster."

"They are indeed good friends."

"Only life or death brothers would do so."

The three teams communicated secretly. Since Blade River had already forced the other race team away, allowing them to escape, the teams that were on the hunt, all ready to unleash their strongest attacks relaxed.

There was however one exception to the group…Snow Horn emperor.

"Disperse your space lockdown." Luo Feng ordered coldly. He was waiting for them to do that so that he could teleport away.

"There's no rush."

A cold voice resounded, it was Snow Horn, whos eyes were gleaming fiercely.

He stared at Luo Feng and mocked coldly, "Blade River, there are many other camps hunting you down. I didn't expect you to actually show yourself! Looks like your relationship with Tian Chen must be deep, however…you are too stupid, to put yourself in danger for him."

"Danger?" Luo Feng looked at him.

"Snow Horn, disperse the space lockdown."

"Right, disperse it."

The other team mates all told Snow Horn the same thing. Even though Blade River was eyed by many powerful warriors, he wasn't one that emperor limits could aim for. What's more…he was from the human camp and killing within the camp was forbidden.

"There's no rush." Snow Horn said coldly, "This Blade River…even though I don't know the reason, since his number is well known by many warriors, I've tried sending an SOS to him via the army system. I specially sent it to him…in theory, even if he shut off his virtual universe connection, the army system would report so. However, it's reaction this time was…that he has already retired! If he's not in the system, one cannot send an SOS to him."

"Retired?"

"Retired?"

"Blade River has retired?"

"I've tried too, he's really retired. There's no way to call him from the army system. The system states that he's retired." The three teams were shocked. Even though they knew he had a huge amount of wealth, and true treasures on him, they had never thought of this.

One was because of power. But, the second was the more important reason, that it was forbidden to kill within the same camp!

Now that they knew he was retired, their thoughts had shifted, should they deal with Blade River? Surround and attack him? The atmosphere shifted immediately, it wasn't as friendly as before as they began to plan something against him.

"Blade River risked his life for me and you wish to attack him?" Tian Chen raged, his voice resounding within their minds.

"Tian Chen, this is none of your business."

"You should step away."

"Tian Chen, your current strength cannot affect anything. Even though we won't attack you, you should know your place." The three teams' gaze had changed. At this time, tens of other teams flew over, and they were all unable to teleport close due to the space lockdown, hence they could only appear further away and fly over.

Even though they were still flying, their scanners had detected everything.

"It's Blade River."

"Blade River is actually still here."

"Blade River has retired and is not in the army system, he's not under their protection anymore."

A vast group began to appear about.

This scene made Luo Feng frown. He spoke yet, "Tian Chen, you take a rest, leave it to me." He kept Tian Chen in his world ring. This action…wasn't stopped by the three teams at all, because they didn't wish to accidentally hit Tian chen during their battle. At this point in time, they still thought that Tian Chen was the same Tian Chen of before, they didn't know that he had already become Luo Feng's soul slave.

"Interesting."

Luo Feng gazed at the teams that were rushing over. "The news of the true treasures from the other races have brought this scenario. Who would've thought that the identity of Blade River…would bring me so much trouble."