Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 903: The Legend of Blade River Emperor

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

The broken space fragments began to recover, and the continent that had been floating within the whirlpools for so long had been completely pierced through, revealing a huge hole with a diameter of hundreds of thousands of km. Hundreds of warriors floated there, still stunned at the scene that just took place.

Suddenly…

A powerful energy appeared in mid air. An armored metal person glowing with black light appeared, and his formless pressure spread out, causing the hundreds of human warriors to grow silent.

"It's Life Fall emperor!"

"It's the automaton Life Fall emperor!"

"He's from the automaton race, how'd he get here so fast?"

"Haven't you heard that he gave out a bounty for Blade River's location? There were definitely some from the human camp that revealed the location earlier, allowing him to rush over." Almost all of the human warriors were emperors. However, there were many low and high emperors around. Against the powerful Life Fall, they didn't dare challenge him.

…

Life Fall stood in space, gazing about, he roared, "Where's Blade River?"

"Life Fall." The warriors of the human camp may not dare challenge him, but that didn't mean they feared him. A warrior the size of a small mountain spoke, "Blade River had just battled Black Ti and left right after, along the way he even killed Snow Horn emperor. He should have teleported via god country far away by now."

"He fought Black Ti?" Life fall looked at the warrior.

The warrior boomed, "You can see for yourself."

Shua!

A light projection appeared in mid air, producing a 3D image. This was something that earth had even back in the base era. However the universe technology was obviously more advanced, as it was 100% simulation of the battle between Blade River and Black Ti that replayed before them.

Life Fall watched on right until the end.

Him and Black Ti both belonged to the pinnacle of beings in the outer region wars. At their level, they could see wonders and little things within the battles. Without a doubt…this battle was but a test from both sides. Unless they truly wanted to go all out, no one would actually burn their undying bodies.

Black Ti and Blade River both didn't.

"Black Ti only used his most basic methods, his god hammer!" Life Fall muttered, "He only used one of the three techniques. And Blade River…"

"I heard he's most proficient in blade work, yet he used a spirit weapon this time."

"And he has Heavy Arrow as his slave, the report even said that Tian Chen and Ji Hong followed behind him. Tian Chen was saved by him, while Ji Hong is from another camp, for him to be so respectful, he should be his slave too!"

"Just how many slaves does he have?"

"His speed is crazy!"

"His defense was renowned before, and now he even revealed a spirit weapon." Life Fall felt like this Blade River was truly mysterious, with so many trump cards, just the fact that he didn't even let his slaves attack showed his own confidence.

…

The many human warriors all looked at Life Fall, observing his reactions. When he finished viewing the battle, he was silent for a while before saying, "Blade River is worthy of his name and even if he has true treasures, he deserves them." After which, he teleported away.

Life Fall had left, however those words made the hundreds of warriors there shocked.

"Life Fall has recognized Blade River's strength."

"He recognizes that Blade River is worthy of his treasures."

"What a pity, looks like it'll be hard to see the both of them ever clash."

"Since Life Fall says so, no one will go after Blade River anymore. This fight…has let Blade River prove his strength."

The many warriors sighed. The circle of warriors was as such that only the strong were worthy of true treasures. The weak would have to be careful not to reveal their treasures. If not, they would be attacked! And Life Fall, even Seven Blade, which one of these beings didn't have many treasures?

Seven Blade, his seven blades alone were true treasures, along with the many others he had.

Black Ti and Life Fall were similar.

Everyone in the outer region wars knew about their treasures, yet no one ever attacked them for the treasures! This was strength! And this fight…with Blade River facing off against Black Ti, that was proof of his strength! It proved that he had that level of strength too, maybe he was still weaker than Black Ti, but his speed and terrifying defense…made him as hard to deal with as the others.

****** VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

This fight thus began to spread the legend of Blade River throughout the outer region wars.

Countless warriors began to compare Blade River with Black Ti. Black Tomb, Seven Blade, Da Long etc, in their eyes…he may be slightly weaker than the others, but his speed would leave many in despair.

"I'd rather meet Seven Blade and Life Fall than meet Blade River!"

"There's still a chance of fleeing against the others. However against Blade River with space lockdown, who can outmatch him in speed? We won't be able to escape."

"Be careful to not mess with Blade River. Over 6,000 years ago, he could already withstand the blast of the strongest flame god crystal. But, right now he's even stronger, it's absurd. His defense is strong and his speed is crazy, it's better to avoid him."

The legend of Blade River thus spread far and wide amongst the many warriors in the universe, making him a renowned being in the universe.

…

Luo Feng however had already left Twin whirlpools after that fight, teleporting straight to humanity.

…

Virtual Universe Company base.

Luo Feng took on the form of his sector lord self, sitting in the Virtual Universe Company ship and headed straight to the primal region primal chaos city.

"Your majesty."

"Your majesty."

The emperor undying in charge of the ship said respectfully.

Luo Feng just smiled and nodded as he found a single cabin to rest in.

"Captain, is there a need to be that courteous with him. He's only a sector lord, with your strength as a high emperor, you can kill him with a wave of your hand." An undying member of the ship said. Beside him, the other members were all discussing. "That's right, he just got lucky and became the disciple of the city leader, if not for that, he's only a sector lord, why bother? This trip was specially organized just for him, if it were normal sector lords, they'd have to wait till the numbers had tallied before we'd take off."

The captain laughed, "Even though he's only a sector lord and I can easily kill him, he is still the disciple of the city leader. We can say this secretly, but never ever say it out loud. If he chose to pursue the matter, no one can protect you all."

"We understand."

"Relax captain, we are not stupid."

"We are just saying, I just cannot stand his behavior, as if we are supposed to be respectful of him." The undying member said unhappily.

The captain shook his head. It was normal to feel unjust as he felt that way too, but he still had to maintain absolute respect, if he wanted to climb up the ranks of the Virtual Universe Company. If his strength was insufficient, he couldn't offend anybody. And a being like Luo Feng was one he definitely couldn't offend.

"Hmph, the glory of the old days has passed. It's been close to 10,000 years after he became the disciple of the city leader, yet I've never heard of him having any achievements. He's probably been forgotten by many." The captain thought.

******

The ship flew to a stop in the air above the city.

"Your majesty."

"Your majesty."

With the captain leading, the members all sent off Luo Feng respectfully.

Luo Feng gazed at the primal chaos energy that engulfed the ancient city below. Ever since he became the disciple of the city leader, he had gotten the rights to be a permanent resident here. Actually, even with his level on the heavenly bridge alone, he already had that right.

Primal chaos city, True Yan's residence.

Luo Feng rushed into the residence, seeing some disciples in name along with other true disciples.

"Senior."

"Senior Luo Feng." Many disciples within shouted passionately at him. Luo Feng asked them to find out where True Yan's current living quarters was.

After awhile…

He rushed into a yard and stopped suddenly.

"I've heard you from far away, why aren't you coming in." True Yan's voice resounded from the yard.

Luo Feng smiled and entered the door.

True Yan sat there, with a wave, the doors shut.

"Have you come with nothing to see me?" True Yan sat there and looked at Luo Feng, seemingly cold and indifferent.

Luo Feng however smiled and with a flip of his hand, brandished a red wine bottle. This was about the size of a palm, and was peculiarly shaped, almost like an orangutan shape, with complex engravings carved on its surface and it glowed with fire law energies. Luo Feng placed this bottle on his teacher's table.

"According to what you said, I have to bring wine to visit you." Luo Feng said seriously, "I wonder if this satisfies you."

"Very satisfied."

True Yan stared wide eyed at this burning wine bottle. After careful observation, he extended his furry hand to touch it, nodding, "Indeed, this is it. Damn, only those with huge amounts of wealth in humanity can afford this, and even so, this would take an emperor limit's entire wealth. There's extremely few such wine amongst humanity, I've only tried one glass before, I didn't expect…"

"Hehe." True Yan immediately smiled happily. "My good disciple, the powerful Blade River emperor, looks like your rewards from the outer region wars have been huge."

"Hehe." Luo Feng smiled.

It was huge indeed.