Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 906: 21st Level

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Within the vast darkness, there was silence.

The bridge extended deep into the darkness. Luo Feng's heart was cool and yet was burning with fighting spirit!

"The 21st guardian! Complete space laws!" Luo Feng thought.

Even an emperor pinnacle or limit or an invincible emperor, they were mostly stuck at the 20th level. While their talent and comprehension may not be that different, and they may have even more resources and treasures, however they were still all stuck at this point. Why? Because this last step was simply too hard!

True Yan, with his many techniques and resources could match even a knight, yet even he still couldn't finish this step!

This one step…

Meant a step to heaven!

No matter how powerful an emperor is, he is but a strong warrior in the universe, as the knights were the true absolute beings! And the Tian Shi palace leader and Xi Luo Duo were absolute beings of the universe! As for the Primal chaos city leader and other such beings of that level etc…those were already pinnacle beings of the universe.

The 20th to the 21st level may seem like just one step, however, the difficulty of this one step was not lower than the 1st 20 levels combined!

******

Luo Feng slowed down, the end of the bridge was right before him. Located there was a 2m diameter ball that had caused the space around to tear. Large amounts of space fragments surrounded it.

"Every three levels of the heavenly bridge is a new environment. The 19th to the 21st was a black hole environment, and flying outside earlier allowed me to see the black hole." Luo Feng looked at this ball. Since it was but a background image, he couldn't feel any effects of the black hole gravity at all, and no light was being sucked in.

A true black hole was something that couldn't be seen with the eyes. In the earth era, there were even debates about its existence.

However the universe had long made it clear.

It was a heavenly body that had been compressed to an ultra degree. This was much higher than a star or planet, it was a super evolution of a star in the universe, and it would swallow everything, including ships, stars, asteroids and so on, strengthening itself constantly.

Black holes could be separated into weak and strong ones too. The stronger ones had a greater area. Even a weaker black hole would require at least a knight to actually enter its core. The stronger ones were avoided even by knights.

"Pick your opponent. Fighter, Controller, Illusionist, pick one and if you defeat him, you will pass the 21st level and become a knight." A voice resounded from within the black hole.

"Controller." Luo Feng wielded the beast god armament, saying directly.

Hu…

A large black dot suddenly floated above, forming a human silhouette. He was covered in black armor and had a mask on. He carried a huge blade on his back, this huge blade was actually formed from a blur of fragments, it was some special spirit weapon.

"Your majesty Luo Feng, to meet a sector lord challenger is my honor." The guardian stood above the black hole and floated.

"To battle against the 21st guardian is my honor too." Luo Feng smiled too.

"I have to say, without completely comprehending the space laws, you will not pass my level." The guardian was very graceful. "However, I will let you feel the strength of the complete space laws. After passing the previous levels, you should already know that I'm unable to use the beast god armament."

"I know." Luo Feng nodded.

Theoretically, choosing controller should result in the guardian using the same spirit weapon as himself. Back then when he used the Nan shen armament, it was a space type spirit weapon, mixed with gold laws. This was a mix of the laws, but not a fusion. The beast god armament however…was a fusion law weapon. This fusion made it so that it was no longer just a space or gold law weapon, but it was of a higher level, a fusion of the two laws.

"Your majesty, please make your move. Once I attack, you won't have a chance." The guardian laughed and seemed respectful.

"Then take my attack." Luo Feng wasn't arrogant at all.

Rumble!

The beast god armament immediately shot out fragments that were imbued with law engravings within, forming tens of thousands of threads that swiftly interweaved. Luo Feng stared at his opponent, his powerful willpower and world energy triggering the many fragments, after which a hundred meter long Beast god appeared.

Howl…

The Beast god became a beam of light and rushed at the guardian, as the surrounding space was torn apart.

"Seal!" The guardian pointed at the howling Beast god.

A powerful formless binding instantly descended. The Beast god that was rushing forward suddenly stopped, and Luo Feng floating who was in the distance was stuck too. The sealing power was strong, as even the Beast god was held back. Luo Feng was shocked in disbelief.

"The complete space laws' power exceeds your imagination." The guardian was very graceful. "You should feel proud that you managed to get to this level, however the complete space laws isn't something you can…what!"

He looked shocked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng gaze was filled with madness. The veins on his face were twitching, almost like when he reached the limit of the life or death inheritance back then. Back when he attempted the Primal sky mountain, he had only unleashed his spirit energy amplification, and he didn't even push his willpower to its limit.

But this time, he unleashed it!

Pushing his willpower and consciousness to their limit, the form he took when he was at his limit at the inheritance before.

"Tail whip! Break!!!" He howled. With his willpower as the commander and consciousness as the general, he controlled his world energy and poured his beast god presence that had been trained over countless years into the Beast god. At this point, the beast god projection seemed almost life like.

It didn't even howl, simply whipping its tail strongly.

"Ge ge ge…" The space about trembled.

The Beast god's tail seemed slow but it moved steadily. With rumbling all around, the sealed space was completely broken apart.

"Kill!" The graceful guardian before starred with ferocity. He was no longer graceful, as the huge blade on his back became countless gold lights and flew into the air, forming a huge arc blade. This arc blade slashed at Luo Feng, creating a huge tear in the space around it.

Luo Feng controlled the Beast god to defend.

"Chi chi chi!" Even though the speed was slow, the blade slashed past the entire Beast god, causing it to crumble. After which, its speed soared again. Luo Feng was unable to escape this slash, as it destroyed Luo Feng's life core.

Luo Feng fell.

Failure!

Watching him vanish, the guardian's eyes once again regained its calm from before, he said softly, "What terrifying willpower, to actually force me to use my kill technique. Even the knights that have passed the 21st level, when they were knights, very few had willpower like that, and he's only a sector lord…"

…

In the center region of the heavenly bridge, watchman Bevin watched Luo Feng's battle on a screen that floated before him. He had originally wanted to smile and joke about with Luo Feng, as this was something he found interesting. However, his expression changed very quickly.

"Seal, he actually broke through the seal?"

"He forced the guardian to use his kill technique?" Watchman Bevin was stunned, and his mouth opened wide.

All the space guardians, even though they may use different weapons, they all still had three moves, Seal, Kill and Teleport. These were the evolution of the normal moves of the space laws, and they were very powerful. Amongst which, Kill was the one with the highest offensive ability.

And Seal was normally used on weaker opponents. Only when they met opponents that were hard to deal with would they be forced to use Kill! Meeting an opponent of the same level, they would be forced to use all three moves together.

******

Primal chaos city, True Yan's quarters.

True Yan sat silently in his yard, facing Luo Feng who finally opened his eyes.

"Haha, Luo Feng, congratulations on passing the Primal sky mountain and the 20th level of the heavenly bridge." True Yan hugged the bottle of purple flame ape wine. "I still thought you'd stop right after the sky mountain. I didn't expect you to go attempt the heavenly bridge. The 21st guardian is very powerful eh." VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"Hm, he is very strong indeed, Seal alone was absurd."

Luo Feng nodded. With just Seal alone, if his willpower was any weaker, or he didn't have the 32 times spirit energy amplification, he wouldn't even have been able to breakthrough. It was obvious that the 21st level was hundreds to thousands of times harder than the 20th level!

"Of course it's strong." True Yan laughed. "Our space law techniques can be split into Teleport, Kill and Bind. These are the three distinctions, and as we have to train them individually, it takes an extremely long time. And the three combined form the complete space laws. Only when they are fully combined will they be complete! The difference in power is huge, a complete space law Seal…that's the true Seal! The knights can easily use it on the normal undyings."

"In all, simply comprehending one side of it compared to the entire complete thing, has a difference of thousands of times."

"Just like the god body!"

"Our human emperors, along with their comprehension of the laws, the amount of stable god energy we can condense is only 100,000 times that of sector lord energy. However, the moment we become a knight, using the complete space laws, the god body condensed from that far exceeds ours. Just that difference, with the difference in law comprehension, soul amplification, genetic evolution and god body amplification, treasures, techniques…will naturally be much stronger than us emperors, creating a huge difference in levels altogether."

"Of course some special beings like Seven Blade, and me, with true treasures, we can exceed normal knights. With our created techniques and special encounters, only because of these, I have the right to be considered an invincible emperor, who is able to flee from knights. However, that's only for surviving."

Luo Feng nodded.

Comprehension at the 20th level was still fragmented, but the complete space laws were much more powerful.

"Don't worry about these. In just a short 10,000 years, you've already created a name comparable to Seven Blade, and are very close to me. You are impressive enough. If you go out and listen, you will realize that right now everyone in Primal chaos city should all be discussing you." True Yan laughed. "Who cares what goes on outside, your job now is to drink with me and celebrate."

"No one can drag me away, I'll drink with you, give me more." Luo Feng said.

True Yan stared and hugged the wine, "One cup is enough to get drunk, yet you want to drink more. Let's slowly savor it."

"I understand" Luo Feng smiled.

At this time…

Ambition, law comprehension, techniques, and everything else was tossed aside. All he wanted to do was to relax and drink until he was drunk.