Chapter 909: One Order

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

"Go back and rest, let me think." Luo Feng said.

Luo Ping and Luo Hai exchanged glances and left, leaving Xu Xin with Luo Feng.

…

As they walked away, Luo Ping couldn't help but say, "Brother, why'd you tell dad about this. He just passed his life or death inheritance and got back safely, yet you spoke of such matters. Wouldn't that completely endanger him? Don't you know how terrifying the backgrounds of these immigrants are?"

"I, I…I just couldn't take it anymore." Luo Hai said weakly.

"Can't take it? How many times have you returned over the years, you've been exploring the universe for so long and you are now a sector lord. With the many treasures and techniques dad prepared for you…you yourself are powerful. Also, for your safety, mum even prepared an undying plant life form for you, not mentioning your strength, with just your statues, which warrior would dare mess with you? You've gotten so used to having it your way, you haven't suffered before!"

"But dad is different from you."

"He is the pillar of our Luo family, he is the pillar of earth! The stronger he grows, the more jealousy will occur. He's been eyed by the many other races of the universe, and all of them want to kill him. His exploring of the universe is constantly met with life or death situations! Can't you let him relax when he returns? It's just some bullying? Those of us here being bullied have just endured it. As long as dad keeps getting stronger, they would naturally lose their guts. When he passed the Primal sky mountain, they've already controlled themselves quite a bit. Just bear with it, until dad becomes an absolute being of the universe…then all these will vanish." Luo Ping looked at his younger brother. "As his family members, we shouldn't trouble him, dad is tired enough."

"Hm." Luo Hai was regretful, "I, I just couldn't stand it…"

"Who can."

Luo Ping shook his head, "The world runs this way, whoever's fist is bigger is stronger! Those immigrants…many have terrifying backgrounds. I heard that they are linked straight to the upper echelons of the Virtual Universe Company and the Huge Axe dojo! The upper echelon! Which one of those princes would even consider us? They are only wary of dad."

"Hm." Luo Hai nodded.

"Just wait until dad becomes an absolute being, then they will all obediently follow." Luo Ping sighed, he didn't wish for their father to do something now.

The saying went as such, the king of hell was easier to deal with than an imp.

The powerful great beings have lived for eternity, their families stretching over millions of eras. As for their later generations, how many of them have personally seen the founders of their family? The universe masters? Even though they haven't seen them, the pride in their bones was ingrained. Just like how the Luo family had Luo Feng, they all exuded pride and were proud of him.

And the founders of these families were all universe masters, it was easy to imagine their pride.

And on earth, these princes formed a huge group!

******

Pacific ocean, within the huge floating city.

"What's that Luo Feng's deal!" The winged green man sat in his throne, rubbing the seat rest as his eyes gleamed fiercely.

"Master don't be angry." A simple robed lady with purple hair smiled and walked over. "He is the disciple of the Primal chaos city leader, it's natural that he's proud. However, no matter how proud he is, he cannot do a thing against us. The immigrants of the floating city here come from the five leviathans. With many the disciples of universe masters' families, even though they are but the later generations, they still aren't people Luo Feng can deal with."

"Hm."

Only then did the man reveal a smile. With a wave, the purple haired lady flew over and landed in his lap, they were about to engage in intimacy right there.

Suddenly, a voice resounded, "Jie Li emperor!"

"Hm?" The green armored man frowned and looked outside, hugging the lady. He was dissatisfied, "Feng Chen emperor, what's the matter?"

A four armed man walked into the hall, his voice booming, "Jie Li, no matter what, Luo Feng is still part of our Virtual Universe Company, and he's the disciple of the Primal chaos city leader. Don't go overboard, if things get messy, will you be able to deal with it?" VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"I don't believe he dares mess with me!" Jie Li stood up fiercely.

"Hmph."

Feng Chen looked coldly at him, "Jie Li, be clear on this, even though you are the later generation of a universe master, your family has been around for trillions of years. The members have reached countless numbers, even though we are emperors, and we are the elites of the family, however the true elites…wouldn't have been arranged to earth to protect a group of infants."

Jie Li was about to interrupt.

"Let me ask you, have you seen the founder Void gold master before?" Feng Chen asked.

Jie Li's expression was ugly.

"Even I haven't seen him before." Feng Chen sighed. "To the universe masters, the Zi Si family has countless people within, what are we? It's better to stay low profile."

"However, you have to see who's dog you are beating. The immigrants here are all considered elites from the many universe masters, nobody would dare mess with us." Feng Chen said. "But you shouldn't get too arrogant, treating the earth humans one way is ok, but to Luo Feng, you'd still have to show him some respect. That challenge earlier wasn't worth it at all…who doesn't know his appearance? Yet you still purposely made him identify himself, he would easily see through this."

"Enough."

Jie Li's expression was ugly, "It's just one Luo Feng? He's only a sector lord now, I don't believe he'd get much stronger anyway! Do you think becoming strong is that easy? Every step is filled with danger, the better he performs, the more the other races would want to kill him! Not just the dangers…just the law comprehension required to become a knight is incredibly tough! Even the group of disciples under the Primal chaos city leader, even a bunch of them haven't become knights!"

"Don't bug me…it's only because that Luo Feng is part of the Virtual Universe Company just like you, that's why you are helping him by speaking for him."

"Hmph." Feng Chen's expression changed and he left immediately.

Jie Li watched the scene and snorted coldly.

"Proud earthling." Jie Li looked out at the vast space, gazing at the earthlings below. "Even if you have Luo Feng behind you, that cannot change your low bloodline. When he falls, I want to see your look of despair. When that happens…I'll make sure you all leave earth!"

"Luo Feng?"

"Let's see how long you can stay proud." He was filled with anger within. Since he was not respected within his family, his hatred and dissatisfaction brewed…and Luo Feng was a shining star, compared to him. He naturally couldn't stand it, and he wished to see Luo Feng's look of despair.

******

Virtual universe, Chaos energy engulfed the palace at the peak of thunder island.

Luo Feng entered respectfully.

"Teacher." He bowed respectfully.

"Is something the matter?" The city leader's voice resounded.

"I have a favor to ask of teacher." Luo Feng replied respectfully.

A silhouette walked out from the energies, a gold robed city leader said, "You experienced quite a lot of danger in the outer region wars, yet you've never come to see me. You are naturally not the type to ask for help, speak…what's the matter?" The city leader had indeed favored Luo Feng a lot more now. Ever since he displayed his strength, to so easily kill emperor limits, even matching Black Ti.

It made the city leader realize…

This disciple of his was still hiding other things! Otherwise, no matter how talented a sector lord was, even with the general armor, even with law comprehension reaching the 20th level, he still wouldn't be able to kill an emperor limit so easily! Much less exchange blows with Black Ti. He wasn't bothered about his disciple hiding things from him, as everyone had their own secrets. He understood that there were some things he didn't wish to share.

He also realized that Luo Feng's future achievements would be shocking, hence he personally cleaned up the mess and gave him another identity of Blade River.

"It's like this, when I returned to earth, there were many things that happened. I realized…that the other immigrants have created trouble for our earth humans." Luo Feng said respectfully. "I had no other way, hence I came to seek your help."

He had come to seek his help.

He said it blatantly, the city leader, with his status, wouldn't get angry about this. If Luo Feng had to beat about the bush, that would in fact irritate him.

"Such a small matter…right, the immigrants come from many powerful families, you better not mess with them. I'll give out an order." The city leader nodded, "I know you value your family and fellow earth humans, I will settle these things for you. Don't bother about such matters…what you need to do is become strong!"

"Yes teacher, I will do my best." Luo Feng was gleeful, as his teacher's response was simple and straight to the point.

"Go on." The city leader nodded.

Luo Feng bowed respectfully and left.

The city leader smiled as he watched his disciple leave. He had never come to ask for help before, and yet now when he did, it was over such a small matter.

"Caring for his fellow humans and family, such character…as long as humanity treats him well, he will naturally fight to the death for us." The city leader nodded. There were several traitorous warriors of humanity. The moment they got strong, they wouldn't even care about their own race's safety.

Just like how Yan Di, the leader of the Yan Shen race was originally from humanity, however he chose to leave humanity with his race and become his own power. This had enraged many pinnacle beings of humanity, but Yan Di's power was huge, and he had the great being behind him, hence they could only bear with it.

…

Half a day later, an order was passed on to the palace guarding earth, and to the managements within the immigrants and the earth humans.

The order was very simple…

It stated that no immigrant was to set foot or fly over the earth territories, and no earth human was to set foot or fly over the floating cities territories, anyone that went against it…were to be killed!

"What!" The green armored youth who was fooling around with the girl howled when he got the order.