Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 912: God Body Separation

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Babata muttered and released his emotions which were suppressed for tens of thousands of years. The pain from his master's death, the thrill from avenging him, and the memories from countless ages ago…

"Luo Feng, I'm ok now." Babata looked at him, "Thank you."

"I owe Hu Yan Bo a debt of gratitude, and I even paid my respects to him as my teacher before, this is what I should do. Babata, now can I keep you back into the world ring?" Luo Feng asked.

"In the ring, I can get guidance from the other emperors. I'll do my best to become undying as soon as possible." Babata nodded. "My current strength will only affect you, however I can contact you via my subsidiary AI."

With a thought, Luo Feng placed Babata back into his world ring.

With the heart of evolution, Babata was now similar to the automaton race. It was easy for them to reach sector lord, however…reaching undying was extremely hard.

Luo Feng gazed at the shivering countless people below kneeling before him, he teleported and left Devil Hand star.

"He's gone."

"The gold armored god is gone."

"Too terrifying, the demon emperor had no resistance against him whatsoever. I heard that undyings have undying bodies, but he was still killed so easily."

"With the demon emperor dead, we have no need to fear anymore. This starfield is now ours haha."

The power of Devil Hand star started to shift immediately.

…

In a distant starfield away, countless light years away from humanity's territory, within a normal star. The stars were the most commonly seen heavenly bodies in space, this star however was somewhat special…because within, amidst the endless flames, there was a silhouette.

This silhouette sat cross legged within.

"There really was a warrior that killed me." A hate filled voice resounded. This silhouette was Devil hand emperor Suo Luo Pu.

He sat crossed legged, the star's heat not affecting him at all.

"And he was that strong, yet he still hid his identity. He may very well been sent by that Luo Feng. I had guessed long ago…that this day might come!" He muttered softly. Back then Luo Feng was extremely exceptional during the genius battles, being absorbed into the Virtual Universe Company. Even from back then, Devil Hand had been observing him.

He suspected that Luo Feng had gotten Hu Yan Bo's inheritance.

"When I killed Hu Yan Bo back then, I used a soul technique to make sure he would die. Plus he fled too quickly into the dark universe, it was hard to chase him, and because of the treasure, I didn't continue."

"He had many hiding spots, who knows where he fled to."

"50,000 years later, Luo Feng suddenly rose to power. A spirit reader just like him, and he could buy earth, an aboriginal punk…without any special encounters, how could he afford a planet? And his performance was heavenly during the genius battles? I suspected back then he was linked to Hu Yan Bo! However he had been in the Primal chaos city for such a long time, I couldn't do anything against him."

"Finally…"

"He became a domain lord and returned to the Ganwu universe country, and the ship he used was actually the Yun Mo planet ship! Hehe, this ship…confirmed my doubts that he was the disciple of Hu Yan Bo!"

"But he was the investigator this time and resided in the Primal region of the Virtual Universe Company. If I made a move and was discovered…I would be dead."

"I could only gamble that Hu Yan Bo left no information on who killed him, if he knew what was good for them, he would let them go against an emperor. Afterall when he was alive, his disciples were only that weak, how strong could his later disciples be? And he could never predict the future!"

"Looks like my guess was wrong!"

"He left something that told Luo Feng."

"Luo Feng's status is extremely high, it's very easy for him to engage a super warrior's help, for them to hide their identity and come kill me." He sat crossed legged within the burning star, and his eyes gleamed with ferocity. "Luckily, even though I gambled, I didn't place all my bets on one table. I cut part of my god body, of which one part had 40% and another had 60%."

"God Body separation."

"I left the weaker body to pretend to be seriously injured on Devil Hand star, awaiting the day. The other, I hid in a distant region, patiently waiting. My plan was to wait one million years. If there was no danger after one million years, I would show myself again. Haha…luckily I left a way out for myself!"

"I'm not eligible to be revived, but I left a way out! Gold armored warrior…even though I don't know who you are, I can guarantee that you were sent by Luo Feng. Other than him, there's no one else able to engage such a powerful being."

"Luo Feng!"

"I may not win against you now, however…I will return. I will definitely return to humanity's territory!!!" Devil hand howled, his voice rippling throughout the star.

…

God body separation wasn't something normal warriors had the guts to do.

Devil Hand separated his body into 60% and 40%, of which the 60% body had 10% of his perfect condition strength. As for the 40% body…it was even weaker. Under such circumstances, the strength drop was simply too much.

Another risk was that if one side was soul controlled, then all of Devil Hand will be controlled.

The weaker one was!

The easier it was to get controlled!

There were two big risks, it wasn't something just anyone could risk! Of course the only benefit of this was that he would have a chance to survive!

The two separated bodies resonated off each other, hence both bodies would never regenerate. Only when one side had fallen would the other gradually recover over long periods of time to its perfect form.

******

Time passed.

The malevolent bug ship flew within the dark universe, maintaining 80 times light speed.

Within the control room, a crystal made dining table had a total of twelve super warriors sitting around it, and Luo Feng was in the main throne.

"Tomorrow we'll arrive at the secret region. It's been over two years, but we've finally arrived. To reaching the destination! Cheers." Luo Feng raised his glass.

"Congratulations master." The twelve warriors all shrank their bodies to human size, raising their glasses.

They toasted and celebrated.

At this time, Luo Feng still didn't know that he had only killed a portion of Devil Hand over two years ago, afterall the chances of that happening was very small. Actually even if he did know, he had no way to do anything about it. The other portion of Devil hand was hidden well within a distant region afterall.

Even so, Luo Feng wasn't afraid.

It took trillions of years for him to become a low emperor. With Luo Feng's twelve slaves, they were all either emperor limits or pinnacle soul masters! A normal emperor didn't even have the right to become his slave. As for Tian Chen, Chi Mang, Honed heart etc these were all soul masters, and they all had a group of soul slaves under them. Only thing was, they had many normal undyings and officials, and occasionally a normal emperor, they weren't even worthy to show.

"Universe…" Luo Feng lifted his glass, "Is too huge. By relying on god country teleportation, I reached close to the secret region, yet it's still close to two billion light years away. Even at 80 times light speed, it still took over two years."

"Master, the Black flower region is simply too desolate, none of us have been there." Heavy Arrow smiled.

"The universe is vast and endless, with countless universe secret regions separated throughout. For those of us that have taken part in the outer region wars, we aren't even considered far from humanity itself. And there are several slaves under you that come from much further. However there wasn't even one that has been to the Black flower region. Hence, we have to fly for so long." Fu Shui added.

Luo Feng nodded.

The great being had placed the third black metal board within Ice Hell star. It was desolate and dangerous, far from humanity. If he relied only on flying, at 80 times light speed, it would take over a hundred years. One could only imagine the distance. Luckily he had a slave that could teleport close, saving most of the travel.

"And lucky this ship is that fast, faster than even the Yun Mo planet ship." Luo Feng thought. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Rumble!

A powerful energy ripple shockwaved from outside.

"It's a robbery."

"Another one."

Heavy Arrow, Fu Shui, Ji Hong and Tian Chen all laughed, Luo Feng laughed too.

The dark universe within humanity's territories was considered relatively safe, only very few would try and rob others within. It was mainly because humanity's control was very strong. However outside of that, in the dark universe, in these desolate areas…it was common to have such incidents within the dark universe.

"It's some officials and normal undyings." Ji Hong extended his god energy over and swept the enemies, laughing.

"We are so lonely" Tian Chen said, "After flying for over two years, even though we encountered a few attempts, no one actually dared to make a move."

"They are not stupid either. Even though the living ship's level cannot be discerned from the outside, we've maintained a speed of 80 times light speed. Anyone that is able to do that…even most emperors don't have a ship like that. Would they dare?" Ji Hong's voice was ear piercing. He laughed, "If you want to be attacked, it's simple, we just have to slow down to 10 times light speed, I guarantee…every day we'll be attacked at least once."

"Haha…"

"Interesting."

"This has to be approved by the master." The warriors all laughed.

Luo Feng laughed too. It took killing many warriors and enslaving many for him to get this ship, it was the fastest of all his ships! The Yun Mo planet ship's max speed was 50 times light speed, and this was after modification from the Virtual Universe Company, and it was much harder to upgrade from there onwards. 80 times light speed however, was unbelievable.

"No rush, when we get to the secret region, you will get to fight." Luo Feng smiled.