Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 915: Da La Sha Teacher

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

Luo Feng stood hidden within the space belt, his consciousness connected to the virtual universe.

Virtual universe primal region, within his villa.

"He's entered ice hell star." He sat his desk, looking at the laptop before him, the screen displayed everything the devil shell monkey was sending.

"You can only depend on yourself now, even I don't know where the black metal board is hidden." Luo Feng looked on.

…

Ice hell star's temperature was extremely cold, the monkey landed on the surface.

"So cold." It looked about, his mini scanner covering his area, "What metal board does master's master want? And where is it?"

This ice hell star had a diameter of over 8k km, its surface was bare, only vast pathways lay ahead straight into the depths of the star.

"Pick a route."

The monkey chose a path and sneaked in, relying on the small scanner to look about.

The deeper he went, the colder it got.

After about 3,000 km, it finally reached the end.

"Ah, the depths of this star…is actually a palace?" It blinked its eyes and looked ahead, it was a completely purple and green mix crystal palace that was over 1,000 km tall, a terrifying energy emanated from within.

"A terrifying warrior is within." The monkey gritted his teeth.

"Master's maser, what should I do?" It asked Luo Feng via the virtual universe.

"Activate your large scanner and control it to engulf the entire star but avoid that palace! Other than that palace, scan everywhere else." Luo Feng ordered.

"Yes master's master."

It had no sense of disobeying, immediately activating the large scanner.

Weng!

It began to swiftly scan through the entire ice hell, other than the palace itself, it scanned everything, all the information was sent via the virtual universe to Luo Feng.

…

Luo Feng looked at his laptop and frowned.

"Ice hell star is very much like the bug clan mother nest." He said softly, "All the areas within the star have nothing, it's simply all ice. Without a doubt…the black metal board, should be within the palace!"

"Devil shell monkey!"

"Close the large scanner and activate your mini scanner and enter the palace." Luo Feng ordered.

"Yes master."

******

The monkey felt the strong energy from the palace, but it had no way to go against Luo Feng's order, he could only cautiously enter, the palace was too huge and empty, he couldn't see anyone.

"So cold."

It flew slowly through the palace, not daring to fly too fast, in case he drew attention from the powerful warrior. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Just where is it, black metal board, where is it?" The monkey used his mini scanner to search about, just as he flew past one door…

A formless ripple spread throughout the entire palace.

"Other race!"

An enraged howl resounded, a purple light almost instantly appeared before the monkey.

"Not good." The monkey was shocked.

"Activate your large scanner and scan the entire palace before fleeing." Luo Feng quickly ordered from the virtual universe.

The monkey immediately did just so, he couldn't care less as he fled for his life.

"You think you can run!"

The purple silhouette pointed at the monkey, a purple beam of light shot out of his crystal like finger, hitting the monkey, ge ge ge…a layer of ice swiftly formed throughout its body, becoming a huge ice block. The monkey was completely immobilized within, its soul imprints completely frozen to the point it crumbled.

It had fallen.

Actually the moment it became a soul slave, it was akin to having fallen, the universe was like that, the weak was the prey of the strong.

"Hmph." The powerful purple silhouette snorted coldly, "These other races, they all wish to get the ice hell star stone and the ice hell dew. An official and yet he dared come here, become an ice statue."

After which he waved his hand.

A powerful energy flowed through the corpse within the ice as it flew straight into the corner of the palace, there were already tens of ice statues there. They were all other race undyings that had come here to explore the palace, they had all been frozen solid.

…

Virtual universe.

Luo Feng carefully examined the last scan, seeing the layout of the entire palace.

"This palace actually has ice hell star stone." Through the scan, he had detected a finger nail sized translucent purple stone."

"The black metal board…is stored in another location, ok, luckily it isn't with the stone." Luo Feng thought, there were 2 renowned treasures within ice hell star, making some desperate warriors take the risk, gambling it all on the treasures.

As long as they managed to get one, they would rise again!

The 1st treasure was the ice hell star stone, another was the ice hell dew, of which one took extreme amounts of efforts from the green dokus to create while the other from the purple.

These 2 were extremely valuable materials, they had special qualities.

That fingernail sized stone within the palace was worth about 2 trillion mixed elements.

"Treasure."

"However the more valuable it is, the more dangerous the area." Luo Feng shook his head, "Ice hell star is one of the top 6 most dangerous spots in the Black flower region. Especially with the 2 Doku knights, they are extremely powerful even amongst knights, akin to the Tian Shi palace leader."

"The great being's test sure isn't easy."

"This palace has obviously been refined by that undying doku into a weapon, the moment anyone enters…it would immediately sense." Luo Feng frowned, "If I want to get the black metal board, I have to enter the palace, and yet the moment I enter, I would be detected."

*****

Luo Feng stood hidden in space, gazing at the vast stars ahead, straight at that one ice hell star.

"I will definitely be detected if I enter the palace."

"That would mean death!" Luo Feng frowned.

He looked forward, recalling the 3 sector lords earlier, he immediately thought and the mosha Luo Feng appeared. With black energies revolving about him, he became a 3.6m tall green doku, giving off ice cold energies.

"Natural ability…clone!"

His life energy swiftly changed, becoming exactly similar to that green doku earlier.

"As long as one doesn't specially scan my body, no one will be able to detect. This is one of the many plans…and the safest one with the highest chance of success, let's hope it works." The earth body and the mosha body looked at the distant ice hell star, after which, the mosha body became a beam of light.

…

He quickly accelerated, the mosha body had the presence of the 20th level of the heavenly bridge, in terms of strength it could completely suppress normal officials, its high law comprehension allowed it to easily reach light speed.

Chi!

Universe travel!

…

In an instant.

About 6 million km away from the star, he appeared, it was in his green doku form, his life energy was similar to the one before. Naturally he flew openly towards the star. He wouldn't be stupid enough to use a scanner to hide himself.

"Bei Fa, Bei Fa." A voice resounded within his ears.

"Hm?" Luo Feng was shocked, turning to look.

A distant beam of light flew over, it was a purple 3.2m tall doku, it was obviously more detailed and fine than Luo Feng, it flew over excitedly, "Bei Fa, you heard that Teacher Da La Sha caught an other race warrior too?"

"Ah…I only came here to pay my respects to him." Luo Feng thought fast and replied.

Luckily, the language they used was the common demon language in the universe. Actually due to the rarity of the special life forms, they all normally used common other race languages. Luo Feng could obviously use them too, as for his voice, he had heard the one before.

"Let's go, we can go see him together." The purple doku grabbed Luo Feng's hand and flew downwards.

Luo Feng could only follow.

1 green, 1 purple…flying down.

Luo Feng and made ample preparation before, he also knew that the relations between the dokus was very good, they were special life forms, born with endless life spans! And life forms that could reproduce endlessly had to become undyings to achieve such a state. The long years of mingling together…

Made it so that they valued every race member, as long as one died, even if it was only a sector lord punk, it would enrage all the dokus! Even the 2 knights would come look for the murderer. However the many explorers still killed many of them.

…

The 2 held hands and followed the pathways of the ice hell star, quickly reaching the ice palace.

"Teacher Da La sha, Teacher Da La Sha." The purple doku dragged Luo Feng and flew straight in.

Luo feng could only follow.

They quickly reached the dangerous region of the palace, a silhouette walked out, it was the one that killed the monkey earlier.

"Ya Wu, Bei Fa, you've come." Da La sha smiled, nothing like before, he was warm and friendly, but Luo Feng was clear…this was only towards its companions, if it discovered Luo Feng's identity, Da La Sha would definitely turn vicious.

"Where's that other race warrior?" Wu Ya said, heading towards the ice statues.

Mosha Luo Feng followed suit and looked at the ice statues behind.

"It's the demon race Devil shell monkey, about official level strength." Da La Sha pointed at the statue.

Wu Ya dragged Luo Feng and headed over.

Luo Feng followed and landed before the monkey's statue.

"Ah, Devil shell monkey…this is the 1st I've seen personally." Wu Ya's eyes gleamed.

"Bei Fa, you usually talk the most, why are you so quiet today." The purple silhouette reached Luo Feng in just one step, rubbing his braids affectionately.