Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 918: Ice Hell

Translator: Translation Nation Editor: Translation Nation

"Purple Doku knight!" Luo Feng hated the fact that his plan still fell short. Now he was in trouble.

He bowed slightly to express respect, "Greetings purple Doku knight!"

"Little punk, you sure are impressive." The knight looked at him and smiled elusively. "You actually manage to swindle the other knight and make him waste his time."

"No matter, I still couldn't escape from you." Luo Feng shook his head, after which he turned curiously to him. "I wonder if you could explain to me how you managed to find me even after I got free from the green knight?"

The purple knight looked curiously at him, she didn't expect the mastermind behind the stealing of the useless black metal board…to actually chat with her so casually. It was almost like he was speaking to his elder, wasn't he worried at all? Worried that he would be killed? Wasn't he worried that he would be made a soul slave?

"Purple knight." Luo Feng was being stared down.

"Aren't you afraid I'd kill you, that I'll enslave you?" The knight asked.

"At this point, I have no way to resist, what's the use?" Luo Feng said.

"Interesting."

The purple knight smiled, "You little punk, you sent the mosha to steal, and he stole nothing but the useless special metal board. Even though it's special, it's still useless. Da La Sha had the Ice Hell stone, it's interesting you didn't go for that instead."

"My underling was useless. His perspectives were too low and he knew too little about the treasures of the universe. When he saw the black metal board, he thought it was special and thought it was a treasure, hence he took it." Luo Feng shook his head. "But he knew too…the stone would be guarded well, he'd have no chance of stealing it."

"He is smart, if he went to steal the Ice Hell stone, Da La Sha would immediately suspect he was the fake Bei Fa." The knight nodded. "I chanced upon this metal board back then, however after studying it for awhile, I didn't find any use for it. Hence I took it as a toy and passed it around, it finally ended up with Da La Sha."

Luo Feng was stunned.

Toy?

Indeed, the Nine volume manual within the metal board was limited by the universe laws, only one person could use it. To others, it was completely useless. The two knights probably didn't recognize its importance and took it as a toy.

"I wonder if the knight can release me, I'm willing to pay for my actions." Luo Feng bowed. This wasn't something he thought on the fly, but rather from the information he gathered from the virtual universe company. The two knights liked to collect treasures, some intruders that had been caught had used treasures to exchange for their lives before.

"Release you?" The purple knight looked curiously at Luo Feng. "Seems right, that black metal board is but a toy, I'll sell it to you, but the cost wont be small."

"Please speak." Luo Feng was gleeful within.

There were pros and cons to the deal, but he didn't expect to get lucky enough to get to keep the metal board.

"Seeing your moves, your background must not be ordinary, the cost would naturally…" her expression suddenly changed, she glanced at him and said seriously, "Punk, you actually forced green knight to burn part of his undying body and you've completely enraged him. It looks like I cannot let you go."

Luo Feng's expression changed, he naturally knew that the mosha had completely enraged the green knight.

"Come with me!" The purple knight didn't say anymore, a formless space ripple spread throughout.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

There were three consecutive teleports, and each of them over 1,000 light years. When Luo Feng's sight finally regained stability, they had already reached an incredibly cold planet. He looked around, this vast ice planet had many Ice Hell stars in the sky.

"This is on an Ice Hell star, and it's an extremely huge one, it's where either of the knights live." Luo Feng thought.

"Where's my ship?" He was originally in the ship, yet now it was gone. "Looks like they took my living ship away."

Rumble!

A powerful energy appeared in the air and stared down at Luo Feng, it was the green knight.

"Haha…you sure got humiliated." Purple knight laughed.

"Hmph, this human." The green knight landed and stared at him. "You sent the mosha? Where's his main body? He actually sacrificed himself so easily, that must not be its main body."

"Green knight, the mosha's real body is my friend." Luo Feng said respectfully, "I specially got his help this time and I already owe him a favor, how can I rat him out?"

The purple knight spoke beside, "Stupid, if you just say a special person, like if this friend was the disciple of the Huge Axe founder, or the disciple of the Primal chaos city leader…anyway, any disciple of the super warriors of humanity. I wonder if he'd dare go take revenge." The purple knight mocked.

"Hmph." The green knight stared at Luo Feng. "Despicable! If I can just kill you like that, it would be too easy…"

Suddenly…

In the distant space, ripples occurred, ten silhouettes had come through universe travel over. Some were green while others were purple, they all landed down. And the numbers kept growing, more ripples kept appearing about.

"This is the one that acted as me?" Bei Fa stared at Luo Feng.

"The one that did has already been killed, this is the mastermind." The green knight said.

"Leader is so powerful, killing that impostor and catching the mastermind." Bei Fa said excitedly. Beside him the group of sector lords all stared at Luo Feng like he was some rare goods. The group of Dokus were all close and affectionate. Their treatment of the knights weren't how sector lords usually treated knights with fear and respect, however it was almost like respect for their grandfather.

"Leader, you killed that intruder, he even held my hand." Wu Ya seemed unhappy.

"That was an impostor." Bei Fa shouted, "I'm the real Bei Fa!"

"I know." Wu Ya said RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

The hundred Dokus all cheered. Da La Sha stared at Luo Feng, his eyes filled with murderous intent, it was obvious he was still angry from being deceived earlier.

"Two leaders, I wonder how you will deal with this human." Da La Sha asked, immediately the rest of the Dokus all turned to the two leaders.

The green knight looked at the purple knight beside.

The purple knight laughed, "You seem enraged, you decide."

"Hmph." The green knight stared at him. "We have to slowly destroy him, Da La Sha…you will personally bind him, send him to the Ice Hell!"

"Yes!"

"Wa, Ice Hell?"

"This intruder sure is unlucky."

"The Ice Hell is about to be opened again."

The other sector lord dokus all cheered.

Luo Feng's expression was ugly, he thought within, "Ice Hell? It's just as I thought. As long as they don't kill me…they'd definitely lock me in the Ice Hell, hm, there's still a chance. I don't have to get the city leader's help yet."

Why was this region called Ice Hell star?

The ice cold planets, why not simply call them ice stars, instead, Ice Hell stars? Why the word hell?

It was because of a legendary place within the area…that was Ice Hell. According to the information he had gathered, Ice Hell was a powerful special weapon similar to the sealed stars. It could lock up many warriors within, one of the two knights was in control of the weapon.

"Go." Da La Sha and the others stared at him.

Luo Feng didn't resist.

He allowed himself to be chained, what a joke, Da La Sha and the other two undyings were the top ten warriors of the Dokus. Their god bodies were all ten millions times stronger than a sector lord's. With body and spirit energy amplification and etc…these three were all as strong as True Yan!

These were special life forms! Their basic genetics were much higher than humans, plus these three were the most exceptional of the undyings. Naturally they were extremely powerful.

Before, the mosha had escaped because soul attacks were useless against it, and with its teleportation, even True Yan wouldn't have been able to chase him. It had to be a knight with a full grasp of the space laws, only such a warrior could have caught him.

…

Within the dark universe.

A ship was flying slowly, within the control room stood Tian Chen.

Within his world ring.

Howl! The golden horned beast's huge body was lying there, its internal world was producing another mosha body.

Hu!

Black clothed Luo Feng appeared beside.

"Master." Fu Shui and the others bowed respectfully.

"Luckily I left a back door." He said softly. "I knew the great being's mission wouldn't be that simple, hence my main core had to absolutely stay safe. Afterall, the moment I fall, even if the Primal chaos city leader reversed time and space to revive me…I wouldn't be able to have the star tower and other treasures. I'd also lose the Nine volume manual."

Of all the plans, there was one simple prerequisite…the main core had to be safe.

Hence…

When the mosha body was in action, the earth body had separated from the beast's body, the beast carried the main core and Tian chen and the others, flying in the dark universe.

"No matter how my plans fail, at least the main core will be safe."

"The earth body has the tower pearl guarding the soul, hence he cannot be soul controlled. If a powerful attack hits, to protect the many treasures on the earth body, I'll get the help of teacher." Black cloth Luo Feng thought, "There's no need at the moment, the two of them haven't discovered my true treasures, they are simply locking me in the ice hell."