Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 921: Path of Death

Translator: Vicky_ Editor: Vicky_

In the snow grounds over 100,000 km away from Luo Feng, a black silhouette lay hidden.

"Hehehe…this human can't seem to teleport, but he is still very strong. Even though my doppelgangers only have a portion of my strength, he killed them so easily. He's at least pinnacle emperor, it's better to let the other punks deal with this guy first." The silhouette vanished. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

…

Luo Feng continued to walk unhurriedly, enjoying the scenery.

"That soul swallowing beast is not coming, I only showed a little of my strength and yet I scared him away. He sure is cautious." Luo Feng continued on. He had been walking in a straight line for close to ten million km, yet other than that beast, he hadn't discovered anyone else.

"Hm?" His eyes gleamed, in the distant ice mountain peak…there stood a silhouette.

The two of them stood 100,000 km away from each other. But with their vision, as long as there wasn't anything obstructing, they could easily see each other.

The silhouette turned to face him!

He had a huge god body covered in fur, and his vertical eyes stared straight at Luo Feng.

"Katu race." Luo Feng thought.

The Katu race were one of the subsidiary races under the demon race, they were renowned for their cold heartedness and ferocity. When Luo Feng confirmed the Katu warrior on the distant peak, he knew that a bloody fight was imminent.

Hua! The warriors instantly became a beam of light, leaving a resplendent silhouette as he rushed straight at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng stood there and looked up at him rushing over, patiently waiting.

The two of them got closer and closer!

The Katu warrior's eyes were filled with madness and killing intent. This made Luo Feng display the same, "The warriors trapped in Ice Hell, why are all of them so direct in attacking their enemies immediately?"

Weng!

The Katu warrior unleashed space lockdown, making it impossible for both parties to teleport.

Luo Feng smiled within. This Katu warrior probably didn't know how to teleport, in truth, he himself couldn't either. Hence, there was no need for space lockdown at all.

"Human, die!" The warrior roared, "Either one of us will die today!"

Rumble!

A terrifying force rushed from the Katu warrior. Luo Feng who had been calm all this while was shocked, "Burning his undying body? He's mad. Even if he wanted to fight me to the death, he needn't have burnt his undying energy before even finding out my strength. Burning too much at once requires a long time to recover."

Xiu! Luo Feng flapped his wings and swiftly dodged the attack from the Katu warrior.

"Katu warrior, I haven't met you before, why have you burnt your undying energy without even knowing my strength? Even if you want to kill me, if I was weak, wouldn't you have wasted your energy?" Luo Feng communicated.

Hua!

A ferocious blood colored blade slashed through the air, Luo Feng dodged it easily.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Luo Feng used the sha wu wings to dodge over and over. This Katu warrior before him was about pinnacle emperor level, the moment he burnt his undying energy…Luo Feng had no way to match force with him. He could only dodge more and let him burn more of his energy.

"Even after burning my undying energy, my speed still cannot match yours?" The warrior seemed to be lost in his madness. "Human, if you are strong enough, fight me head on! Even if I die, let me die from a head on fight."

"Katu warrior, do you think I'm stupid?" Luo Feng easily dodged over and over.

The Katu warrior was incredibly powerful after burning his undying energy, but it was pointless. He couldn't even touch Luo Feng…if the warrior had heard of Blade River's name, he probably wouldn't have done something so stupid. But it was obvious the warriors locked in Ice Hell, probably didn't even know of Blade River.

"Haha…"

The Katu warrior suddenly looked up and laughed loudly, his laughter rippling in all directions like a shockwave.

He stood in mid air, not chasing anymore and laughed.

"Hahahahaha…hahaha…" He seemed mad. Even though he simply stood there and laughed, what shocked Luo Feng was that he continued burning his undying body, not stopping at all.

"Katu warrior." Luo Feng spoke.

"Hahaha…this is fate, it's fate." The Katu warrior looked up and laughed. "I've grown all this while. When I was young I was even a genius…until I became an emperor and got powerful enough. However I was trapped in Ice Hell after! The moment that happened, I would never escape, spending the rest of eternity in here. My race has probably long forgotten about me, my loved ones are probably all dead, I guess only a few of my friends are alive."

"I cannot leave."

"Wasting so much time, and I still have to battle with all you punks, killing to survive. Haha, never relenting over a trillion eras. I cannot take it anymore. Old blind, Soul swallowing…you can all struggle, I'll be taking my leave first." His voice resounded in all directions.

The Katu warrior looked at the shocked Luo Feng, "Human, I wanted to die in a mad battle, I didn't expect to not even get that chance."

"Are you just giving up?" Luo Feng asked.

"What else can I do? Human…being in Ice Hell is the greatest torture." He shook his head. "Unless you have an absolute being in your race that favors you and will come take you away personally. Otherwise, there's no hope of ever getting out. My race has probably long forgotten about me."

"I'm leaving."

"Release."

He exploded his body and a huge sun was generated from the blast, as endless energies shot in all directions. He didn't even care about the human beside him, he was already lost in despair. As to whether the human survived the blast, he couldn't even be bothered. If he died, so be it, that would be a release for the human too.

…

Deep in the ice mountains.

The soul swallowing beast sat crossed legged, hearing the voice that spread throughout Ice Hell, its fierce eyes shook with some hurt within.

"Old friend, are you just giving up?"

"If you wanted to die, why don't you die by my hands, that way I'd have a chance of leaving." The beast's hoarse voice resounded within the cave.

…

Over 1,000 km deep in a snow cave, a wriggling silhouette sat crossed legged. It had a human like head, his eyes were closed as he sighed, "He's free."

…

In a majestic palace deep in the oceans of Ice Hell.

"Another idiot has given up, good, good, good. The more the merrier, the more dead the better. That way my chances of leaving are higher. Go and die you idiots."

…

The many warriors locked for endless ages within Ice Hell all either felt hurt, laughed or were indifferent. They had different reactions, but no one was shocked, because this type of suicidal incidents had happened many times before.

The energies flowed madly about in mid air, Luo Feng gradually opened his wings that wrapped around him.

Floating in mid air, he looked at the world ring, weapons, armor etc that the Katu warrior left behind.

"Suicide?"

"Anyone able to reach emperor level should all have strong willpower? Which one doesn't have their own believes? To actually be forced to suicide." Luo Feng muttered. The words from the warrior before rang in his ears, he slowly began to understand why he did so.

"The Katu race, is a weak race. Even a strong demon warrior here cannot contact their race. Much less a subsidiary race like the Katu." Luo Feng said softly. "They don't have the virtual universe and have no way to make contact, they can only stay in here and suffer."

"Killing is the main thing in Ice Hell."

"After endless time, solitude, trapped and being unable to make contact. The endless killing and battles. One year, a hundred, 10,000 years…he finally crumbled within." Luo Feng thought. This was the battle against solitude and time. Against time, if one was forever in solitude, even an emperor would crumble.

"What's going on?"

Luo Feng was indeed shocked by the suicide of the Katu warrior, he no longer had the patience to walk about slowly, immediately becoming a beam of light and flying in the skies.

Xiu!

He shot across the skies.

He constantly recalled and pondered what happened before. The more he thought about it, the more shocked he was, "I was able to even withstand the life or death inheritance back then, but that was only over 6,000 years, yet every second and year became increasingly difficult. However, I stuck to my beliefs! If I was in the same situation as that Katu before, knowing my loved ones were long gone, would I be able to persevere for trillions of eras in Ice Hell?"

He asked himself.

Could he do it?

"Yes!"

"Definitely!" He nodded.

He would definitely leave and find a way to revive his loved ones.

If he couldn't, he would take revenge on the green knight, as it was the knight that took away his precious time with his family.

"Strength, the green knight is strong, who is able to lock so many powerful warriors in here for his game." Luo Feng thought. "If any of them managed to become a knight in here, the green knight would probably immediately eliminate him."

…

Luo Feng flew in the skies, below him was an endless snowy plain, with ice mountains all around. He finally saw a transparent huge ice tablet.

The tablet was majestic, and on it carved were demon language words.

"No wonder…" He read the words and muttered. "What a vicious green knight!"