Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 924: Secret Moves

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

The fights during the infinite time in Ice Hell stripped away the hopes of the lowly ones like "Creature of Cang Jiang Clan" and "Creature of Ka Tu Clan," leading some to even want to commit suicide. However, creatures like "Soul-Swallowing Beast" didn't have any death wishes. As for the ten rampant emperors who basically ruled Ice Hell, each of them was fraught with ambition.

Although they were still at a disadvantage compared to the five invincible emperors, it was possible for them to catch up and get out.

Fight! They fought excessively to improve themselves.

Bone Emperor was filled with hostility and gazing at Luo Feng. "You didn't run away. Good for you."

"The ten emperors' fame is widespread," Luo Feng said. "If other creatures in Ice Hell run into you, they would indeed run away. As for me, I won't run if I'm not defeated by you." Luo Feng was floating in the air. "I'll run like hell if you defeat me."

"You won't have a chance, by then," Bone Emperor said in a deep voice echoing in his chest. The space around it was frozen, thus neither of them could teleport.

Hong!

Bone Emperor vanished and rushed at Luo Feng like a beam of light.

"Hua!" Luo Feng cried, vibrating his wings, leaving a locus with twists. At the same time, eight black balls appeared around his hands. He threw them randomly with the law engravings on the balls triggered. Innumerable golden threads bustled, and a beast god came into being. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Bone Emperor didn't scratch anything. It turned around and looked at Luo Feng and the beast god from afar, smiling as it said, "Fast enough. And he's a controller. Good."

"How!" The beast god marched toward it, roaring.

Bone Emperor laughed furiously.

Peng!

A blurry reflection of the whip clashed with Bone Emperor's claw, creating a shockwave that tore the surroundings apart. Bone Emperor was blown away by the force, and the beast god became indistinct for a while before solidifying again.

Seeing the snow turn back to its original shape, Bone Emperor looked up at Luo Feng and said, "Human, now I admit that you're qualified to see my real fight form."

His voice was like thunder reverberating in the air. At the same time, Bone Emperor suddenly even more unbelievable. His bone spurs contracted into his body, and his entire body was heightened. The color of its body changed from red to white. The moment it stopped transforming, it became silvery white, covered with armor made of twisted bones.

"This is your fighting form, Bone Emperor? Great." Luo Feng shot him a sharp look. "Take this!"

It was the limit of will. The strong will was guiding his conscience, and the beast god became more distinct under spiritual force, marching toward Bone Emperor. However, Bone Emperor stood with confidence and only waved its right claw when the beast god's tail slashed toward it.

Slice!

The right claw tore the space apart, whereas the tail of the beast god retreated before whipping incessantly.

"Sneaky guy." Bone Emperor said as it rushed toward Luo Feng.

Its claws became phantoms. There was a pair of gloves on its claws, and that pair was the only treasure it had. If there was anything different between the powerful ones from inside Ice Hell and those from the outside, the number of their treasures was a clear indicator.

Like Bone Emperor, it could get several treasures given its status. However, it only got one here. Nevertheless, after the struggle between life and death and the countless pressures, Bone Emperor was able to make the best use of the gloves. Although it had only one treasure, it could wield the power that resembled that of the several treasures combined owned by the powerful ones outside.

Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng!

Bone Emperor faced the beast god, and its claws became countless phantoms, making attacks continuously.

Peng!

The tail of the beast god was finally cracked, and the eight black balls were destroyed.

"How mighty!" Luo Feng muttered. He was stupefied by how Bone Emperor had dashed and destroyed the beast god in its fight form. The power of Bone Emperor was at "Hei Ti emperor" level, and this form of madness was even more terrifying.

"Die, human!" Bone Emperor flew directly at Luo Feng the moment it defeated the beast god.

Heng!

Luo Feng shook his wings and escaped.

"Bone Emperor, I admire your power," said Luo Feng. "I'm not your match, and therefore, I'll take off now. I'll fight you next time."

Luo Feng had already flown away by the time his voice reached Bone Emperor. It stopped halfway and growled, seeing how fast Luo Feng was. It looked at Luo Feng's silhouette from afar.

"This human being is indeed extremely fast," it said. "Faster than the five invincible emperors. It seems there will be another superpower in Ice Hell."

Even though Bone Emperor had barely fought with Luo Feng, it could immediately tell Luo Feng's power. He was a little stronger than average emperors, while he had the fastest teleportation speed in Ice Hell. Such a human being could certainly post a threat to the ten most powerful limit emperors.

"There's going to be more fun," said Bone Emperor. "More fun in Ice Hell."

Bone Emperor was pleased. It didn't care for the dull times spent in Ice Hell, and it wanted some creatures with special power here to spice things up.

*****

After fleeing from the space range, Ji Hong Emperor appeared deep in the snow and teleported Luo Feng to eastern Ice Hell. It built an underground residence deep in the snow.

"I underestimated the creatures in Ice Hell." Luo Feng recalled the battle with wine in his hand. "I thought those creatures weren't that powerful when detained in a place where they had only gradually grown stronger. I thought they didn't have treasures, and even if they did, that only the most powerful ones would have one or two. But I was wrong."

The power of one treasure can match that of ten if it's properly used, Luo Feng thought.

The powerful could only concentrate on one of the treasures they had in a combat.

"Also, the powerful ones in Ice Hell are different from those outside. They had more pressure and were pressed more harshly, which forced them to improve themselves no matter what. If they could acquire a single treasure, they would study it thoroughly and make the best use of it." Luo Feng kept contemplating. "Although the powerful outside will also study their treasures, they won't put up so much effort."

"Bone Emperor… Its body constitution barely enters the threshold of average emperor. However, it has a treasure that is the perfect match for its claws. The movement of its claws and body perfectly coordinate with each other."

Luo Feng believed it was the secret move invented by Bone Emperor because it was impossible to reach such a level by studying others.

Luo Feng nodded his head while contemplating. The powerful in Ice Hell concentrated more on themselves and were more capable of wielding the power of treasures. The powerful outside had more treasures and moves. This was the key difference between them

"I was wrong," said Luo Feng. "Ever since I created the first move of Moon Policy and left Chaos City, I haven't studied any secret moves." Luo Feng sighed. "Not until today do I realize how important it is to have a series of secret moves that correspond to the treasure. My treasure, the star map, is mighty, and I need to come up with a series of secret moves to better utilize it."

Moon Policy was the law of blade, which was the combat method of Sha Wu Wing. After all, the golden-horned beast that Luo Feng owned did close combat, and Sha Wu Wing couldn't be wasted. Hence, he must keep up designing Moon Policy. However, Luo Feng needed another set of secret moves that were fit for a spiritual force leader.

"Let's begin," Luo Feng muttered. "Treasures, genes, amplitude, and secret moves. Some of them focus on the outer body and some on the inner. I don't need to train the outer body now because I can't gain any process in a short time, so I'll train my inner capabilities. The star map can only be better utilized if I can come up with secret moves."

The star map was the most suitable treasure for Luo Feng!

Although the tower pearl, the star map, and Sha Wu Wing were all invaluable treasures, they had different uses. Sha Wu Wing was used to escape, where the tower pearl was for soul stabilization. As for the star map, it was used for attack. Sha Wu Wing couldn't help much if Luo Feng wanted to increase his combat capabilities. However, the star map could wield tremendous power if it was fully utilized. Precious few of the invincible emperors had treasures for attack.

*****

Luo Feng began his practice deep in the snow and connected to the virtual universe. He experimented in the virtual universe with his new moves over and over again. He didn't need to simulate the star map; all he needed to do was get a weapon with spiritual force that was in the same class.

"He paid attention to spiritual-force weapons now." The master of Chaos City had doubts, even while providing one competitor after another for Luo Feng.

Luo Feng had been using blades before. However, the master of Chaos City didn't criticize Luo Feng because he knew that Luo Feng would only learn a lesson after suffering losses. What he didn't know was that Luo Feng was most suitable for spiritual-force weapons—and would be even more so when he became an undying.