Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 927: First Combat

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

The fragments of the ice were all over the sky because of the spiritual force. A silhouette marched toward Luo Feng among the bits. Luo Feng stood above Ice Hell and saw the shadow.

"You dare to show up, human!" The vigorous and forceful voice pierced through the void while a mighty, godly power spread everywhere. The fragments turned into nothing instantly, and the entire area became clear and bright.

Luo Feng could finally see the powerful creature clearly. He had a lion-shaped lower body with four hoofs, whereas he possessed a human upper body with four muscular arms. His body was dark blue, as if it were made of metal.

Luo Feng identified this creature. Lightning-Racing Emperor, ranked 12 and proficient in law of time.

"It's him," Luo Feng said. He was dazed. "Although he is only ranked slightly lower than Bone Emperor, there's almost no gap between the top ten limit emperors. Besides, this one is proficient in law of time, while my edge is teleportation. Things won't end well for me if he stops the time."

However, the anxiety could also heighten his aggressiveness. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"Why wouldn't I have the guts to show up!" Luo Feng's voice resounded across the entire ice sea. "You think I'm scared of you? Even Bone Emperor couldn't defeat me, not to mention you."

"Human, don't you know that two of the five invincible emperors are looking for you?" Lightning-Racing Emperor roared.

Luo Feng suddenly had goosebumps. Five invincible emperors?

They were the strongest in Ice Hell, and three of them were special creatures. Luo Feng couldn't underestimate them.

"Both Silver Eye and Blood Dog looked for you before," Lightning-Racing Emperor continued.

"Both are special creatures," Luo Feng muttered. Then he shouted aloud, "So what? Does that mean I should hide forever?" He grimaced.

"Yes," said Lightning-Racing Emperor. "There's no point for them to look for you. Because I will kill you today." Lightning-Racing Emperor's voice struck like thunder. He had told Luo Feng that both Silver Eye and Blood Dog were looking for him just to make him anxious. "Die, human!"

******

Combat began instantly.

More than 30 barbarian creatures were watching it from all around.

"The human's fighting Lightning-Racing Emperor."

"The human might be defeated."

"The human is speedy."

******

The combat between them went wild.

"Thunder-God Roaming!" Lightning-Racing Emperor growled, bearing down on Luo Feng like an immortal ox.

He roamed the void, which cracked under his force, and the electric snake fluttered. What irritated Luo Feng the most was how variable the speed of Lightning-Racing Emperor was. Before Luo Feng was well-prepared, Lightning-Racing Emperor arrived right in front of him.

Ta! Ta! Ta! Ta! Ta! Ta!

Lightning-Racing Emperor's hoofs stepped toward Luo Feng, and the fluttering electric snake could turn a planet into dust.

Peng!

He stepped right on Luo Feng's back while his Sha Wu Wing shielded him from hundreds of constant attacks. Lou Feng crashed into Ice Sea and caused tremendous waves. All of a sudden, a silver lining flew out—it was Lou Feng, unharmed.

"Take this, Lightning-Racing Emperor!" Luo Feng threw eight black balls out of the wave and secretly started to exercise the spiritual attack, Soul-Blade.

Lightning-Racing Emperor started to roam with the void again. Four ancient chains appeared around his arms, and each of his hands held one chain. The electric snakes were rotating around the chains, and just when he was about to fight against Luo Feng's spiritual-force weapon, Soul-Blade hit him. Lightning-Racing Emperor felt pain.

"Human!" Lightning-Racing Emperor roared while flinging the four chains. Space and time were changing rapidly under the effect of the four chains. "Scar of Thunder!"

One of the chains of Lightning-Racing Emperor burst out like a hunting snake and pierced the sky with a light. The chain rushed to the barely formed phantom of beast god, whose tail slashed the chain.

Peng!

Eight black balls hit the chain but bounced back.

"Human, what else can you do except run?" Lightning-Racing Emperor laughed recklessly and flew toward Luo Feng. He was holding the four chains, each of which was terrifying and turned the realm into the territory of the lightning chains.

Luo Feng took back the eight stars and looked at Lightning-Racing Emperor. He thought to himself, I couldn't exercise a Splash of Whip Shadow as well as Lightning-Racing Emperor, Bone Emperor, and Hei Ti Emperor.

Hu!

He opened his wings and tried to get away from Lightning-Racing Emperor.

"Don't you dare run!" he roared. That was when he realized what "the fastest in Ice Hell" truly meant.

Luo Feng didn't even glance at him. Instead, he stared at his left palm.

"Now it's time to see how good my spiritual-force weapon works after 100 years of practice."

A shred of expectation flashed in Luo Feng's eyes. Instantly, engravings appeared on the Star Map on his hand. 16 stars were needed to carry such complex engravings. Eight of the stars had purple halos around them while the other eight didn't.

"Go! Show him the power of Lightning-Racing Star!"

16 stars flew up, connected by tens of thousands of threads, which set off the universe origin law. A huge beast god that was over 1,000 meters long appeared above Ice Sea.

The beast god looked unstable, as if it could crumble at any moment. However, each scale on the tail of the beast god was as distinct as possible. The scales laminated each other and formed the tail, which emanated an almighty force. Other parts of the tail were like air.

Lightning-Racing Emperor guffawed while staring at the tail. "This phantom's inferior to the previous one! I can destroy it with one blow." He reckoned that the tail would be a threat. "Go!"

The four chains charged the beast god like four bolts of lightning.

Howl!

The tail covered with scales moved when the four chains raced toward him.

Hong!

The move was terrifically swift, and the tail slashed one of the chains. The other three chains tried to attack the beast god, but they were all twisted and fell back.

"Good!" Luo Feng smiled. "It can actually ward off Lightning-Racing Emperor's attack. As expected, Star Map will not let me down if I study the law of spiritual-force weapon thoroughly."

******

All the barbarian creatures watching the battle were shocked to their very core. They had lived in Ice Hell for such a long time that 100 years was merely a blink of an eye to them. They couldn't imagine that the human who could only flee when battling Bone Emperor could defeat Lightning-Racing Emperor in hand-to-hand combat.

"He is the equal of the top ten limit emperors?"

"How could he improve so quickly?"

"This is incredible!"

******

To Luo Feng, this was all totally conceivable. Each of the stars in the Star Map was invaluable, and 16 stars, perfectly connected, made each other them much more powerful under Luo Feng's secret move. That's why Star Map was invaluable. Because if it were not for the panorama, owning even 1 billion stars would be pointless.

"Creating my own secret move is the only way to utilize the treasure," Luo Feng said, feeling joyful inside. "However, according to the description on the ranking, the chains of Bone Emperor can merge into one, and that's when its power reaches its peak. And he hasn't exercised Time Pause. I should be more careful."

******

One of the servants of Silver Eye flew slowly above eastern Ice Hell. He wore black armor and was looking for the human.

"I'm actually giving myself a day off in the name of searching for the human," the servant said, looking relaxed. "It's so difficult to find the human, and nobody will attack me because they all know I'm the servant of Silver Eye. It's such a relief."

"Eh?" The black-armored servant looked in the direction of Ice Sea. "Energy wave? I'll go and take a look."

The servant teleported himself.

Sou!

He arrived tens of millions of kilometers away from the battlefield and saw two shadows. The bigger one was the phantom of beast god, and the smaller one was of Lightning-Racing Emperor.

"Lightning-Racing Emperor is fighting a beast," said the servant. "Wait… Where did the beast come from?"

The servant opened his eyes wider and saw the figure of a human.

"It's the human. The human's here! That's right. The phantom comes from his spiritual-force-weapon attack. The information on him confirms this." The servant was ecstatic. "I found the human! This is a huge contribution! Master will be overjoyed. I'll go tell my master now."

The servant teleported himself and vanished into the sky of Eastern Ice Hell. He teleported himself to the entry of Silver Eye's palace.