Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 930: Luo Feng’s Message

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

His mighty body affected the flow of time around him. And the energy wave he created trembled space when he exercised his top move. His silvery-white eyes had no pupils. He was staring at Luo Feng.

Pu! Pu! Pu!

The space continued to crack because of the eyes' godly power. An eye appeared on Silver Eye's transparent body inch by inch, and his entire body not inside the armor was covered with eyes. The most powerful of all the eyes was the one on his face, with a silvery halo around it.

Hong!

The invisible, godly power rammed into Luo Feng's body. The second the eye was opened.

No wonder I felt I was being stared at by Silver Eye. What kind of special creature is he? This thought struck Luo Feng the second he saw the silvery eye, and the power hit his body after piercing through Sha Wu Wing and his General Armor. Silver Eye's gaze was still terrifically powerful.

The beast god roared, but it couldn't stand against this attack in the slightest. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Hong!

It pierced through Luo Feng's soul. Luo Feng suddenly fell into a state of illusion.

Does he want to deceive me with this illusion? How ridiculous. Break!

Luo Feng had an incredibly strong will, which helped him break out of the illusion without even trying. The scene around him vanished, and he entered nature.

An illusion again? Break!

Still an illusion? Break!

Luo Feng was strong-minded and broke through one illusion after another. However, the illusion formed as fast as he could escape it, and it just kept forming. Luo Feng felt like he had fallen into an infinite loop of illusions—as if he had spent millions of years inside.

This is not just any illusion. I've never heard of any illusion like this, and that move was so unusual. I reckon it's his top-secret technique.

Luo Feng had fallen into the illusion for a significant amount of time, but he still remained tranquil. His will was sharpened, and it was firm.

His top-secret technique is supposed to be intricate. It's impossible for creatures to train themselves to be able to exercise moves like Split and Strengthen of the golden-horned beast. His top-secret technique is something I've never seen before.

Although Luo Feng was trapped in the infinite illusions, he was not in a rush, as he knew only a second had passed outside the illusion by connecting to the golden-horned beast body. Of course, he wouldn't have been able to do that without his firm will; he would have been confused, otherwise.

After exercising the move, all the eyes on Silver Eye's diamond skin disappeared, and the crack on his forehead closed.

This was the secret technique, and there were only two ways to break out of it. The first required mighty, godly power or soul-protecting treasure. In Luo Feng's case, he could certainly use Tower Pearl to break it. The second required one to break all the illusions one by one without falling. That made for an extremely long time within the illusion, whereas in reality, it was only a blink of an eye.

"Infinite loop," said Silver Eye "If he indulges himself, his will is going to crumble, and his soul will collapse. One has to go through desolateness to break each of these illusions and can't give himself a break. Hundreds of thousands of years is enough to bend even the strongest will."

Silver Eye was pretty proud of his move.

This was, indeed, an extraordinary move. It was much more terrifying than being detained in Ice Hell, because in Ice Hell, one could still hide in his comfort zone, whereas one couldn't rest at all in the illusion. Actually, this move resembled the move Inheritance of Life and Death that Luo Feng had endured before, which was more difficult, as he couldn't even think during such an impasse.

Just when Silver Eye closed his eyes, Luo Feng opened his.

"You, you…" The eyes were dimming on Silver Eye's skin. "How is this possible?"

The servant screamed, "This is impossible! Nobody other than the other four invincible emperors survived this! And the other two burned their godly bodies to withstand it. How did you hold out against it as a human?"

"How long did you spend in the infinite loop?" Silver Eye asked.

"The infinite loop of illusions?" Luo Feng answered. "10,000 eras."

"10,000 eras? You survived 10,000 eras of loneliness and struggles?" Silver Eye was a bit amazed. "I must say that I'm impressed."

"Not that much of a struggle, though," said Luo Feng, smiling.

When Luo Feng had been under Inheritance of Life and Death, he had suffered much more terribly for 6,000 years, and he had walked between life and death countless times. In fact, Luo Feng chose to survive this without Tower Pearl for a reason, which was to sharpen his will. After an infinite amount of time in the illusion, he didn't feel lost at all. In contrast, he was sober.

Those old creatures were as ancient as the universe, and living that long granted each of them an unbending will. Luo Feng wouldn't give up an opportunity like this.

"I'm indeed impressed," Silver Eye nodded. "Now that you've survived three of my moves, I promise that I won't kill you."

"I took three of your moves." Luo Feng grinned. "Now, it's your time to take my move."

Peng!

One of the world rings carried by Luo Feng suddenly cracked, and an aggressive vibe emanated from it. An ancient, purple clock floated beside Luo Feng, and Ji Hong emperor inside was already burning his godly body. The forceful energy was injected into the purple clock.

Dang!

The visible wave charged Silver Eye at the speed of light. At the same time, Luo Feng threw out eight stars covered with Fei Mo Venom. The demon sound was so fast that Silver Eye couldn't manage to dodge it.

Peng!

His body cracked, then instantly started to heal. However, eight traces of light pierced through the body and started to corrode it, after which it flew back to Luo Feng.

"Let's go."

Luo Feng grabbed Ji Hong emperor the second after he threw out the eight black balls, shook his wings, and escaped as fast as possible. The eight black balls flew towards Luo Feng quickly and went back to Luo Feng's palms in a moment.

"Master, he just played you," The black-armored servant said furiously. "We can't let him go."

Silver Eye's godly body healed completely while Luo Feng fled. He smiled. "I said that I wouldn't hunt him again if he could survive my move," said Silver Eye. "Besides, how am I supposed to chase him? He has run far, and I can't stop him by pausing time."

The servant was dazed.

That's right. The human was the fastest in Ice Hell! Even the five invincible emperors couldn't match him.

"Then we're supposed to let it go?" The servant found this hard to believe, as he had never seen his master taken advantage of.

"I attacked him three times, whereas he attacked me once," replied Silver Eye. "I wasn't taken advantage of. However, that was a fierce move."

Silver Eye could feel the injury in his body, but he didn't care about it. It was only a slight piece. Suddenly, Silver Eye heard a voice.

"You want the anonymous account to the virtual universe, Silver Eye?" Luo Feng's voice echoed. "I'll give you a chance to get it, and my condition is pretty simple. I'll trade one sensor for one treasure, and I'll send my servant to do the deal three days later. Whether we have a deal or not is up to you."

Silver Eye was dazed, and he looked at the human who had teleported himself and escaped the space-clotted zone.

"Sneaky human… greedy human," Silver Eye couldn't help saying.

Although he did have a strong desire for the sensor, he needed to contemplate whether it was worth a treasure or not. Treasures were scarce in Ice Hell, and he owned the treasures because the undying captured before had not been ordinary.

"Let's go."

Silver Eye reversed the space clot and left with his servant.

******

Both Luo Feng and Silver Eye took off. The powerful creatures who had witnessed the battle were awed, as the human had survived the move Silver Look. That was something that couldn't be accomplished even by the top ten limit emperors, who would resort to burning bodies to flee if they ran into the five invincible emperors.

"This is just incredible."

"The human will soon be ranked sixth after this battle."

"The strongest one under the five."

All the creatures couldn't help sharing and discussing this with their friends, since it was a major incident in the tedious Ice Hell.

******

Luo Feng and Ji Hong emperor teleported them back to the cave deep in the snow.

"No wonder he's an invincible emperor," said Ji Hong emperor. "The purple clock could only crack his body instead of smashing him. And I strengthened its power by burning my body." Ji Hong emperor couldn't help sighing. "That was horrendous."

"His body constitution is more than 100 times stronger than yours, so even if you burn your body, you can only reach his level," said Luo Feng. He shook his head. "I grabbed the chance to erode him using the stars covered with Fei Mo venom, which was only a mosquito bite to him. I couldn't even feel that he was weakened. But that makes sense, given how powerful and enormous his body is. He's way taller than a human and wields vigorous godly power. I reckon he won't die even if he has one kilogram of Fei Mo venom."

One kilogram of Fei Mo venom could possibly kill a human invincible emperor. However, Silver Eye was a special creature, which was not easily corroded.

I don't know whether he will say yes to my offer or not, thought Luo Feng. It will be more than lucky for me if I can get a treasure with a cheap account. That deal might actually happen.