Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 96: Purchasing the Instruction Manuals

Translator: Translation Nation

Editor: Translation Nation

In the bar on the first floor of the Limit Hall were around ten fighters chatting with each other. And the people around one of the tables were precisely the members of the fire hammer squad. Soon enough, Luo Feng started walking towards them.

"Hey, Luo Feng"

"Crazy, you're here?"

All the people in the bar gave their greetings. After Luo Feng smiled as he replied to them, he sat at the fire hammer squad's table. The men at the table were indeed Gao Feng, Wei Tie, Wei Qing, Chen Gu, Luo Feng, and the handicapped Zhang Ke. The six of them sat down together as they drank and chatted, all the way until around 9 PM. They then accompanied Zhang Ke as he left.

Only Luo Feng and the other four remained at the table.

"Luo Feng, what do you think we should do with the materials we received this time?" smiled Gao Feng as he asked.

"I think we should just sell it all for money" Wei Tie couldn't help but to yell.

Luo Feng shook his head: "Captain, for my portion of the materials, I'm preparing to sell them to the Dojo of Limits to receive some contribution points! Right now, I only have a sad few hundred points; I don't even have a one star contribution rank". These few hundred points were received when he sold a small portion of the materials he got from crazily hunting around 10,000 soldier level monsters back then.

"Indeed, Luo Feng still doesn't even have a one star contribution rank yet" nodded Gao Feng.

The others couldn't help but to laugh as they nodded.

"Yea, he should get some more contribution points. There are quite a few benefits brought about by having a high amount of contribution points" laughed Chen Gu as he said, "For example, you have to buy your own instruction manuals. Only by having enough contribution points can you purchase the instruction manuals at a good price! And only with the saint rank can you enter the special training rooms of the Dojo of Limits"

Luo Feng nodded. Even some large powers can't afford to buy those highly expensive and technologically advanced training rooms.

Only gigantic powers like the Dojo of Limits and the Thunder Dojo can afford to build such special training rooms in each headquarter city. However, your contribution rank has to reach a certain level before you can access them, and you only receive a set amount of time to train in them every year.

"We'll do it like this"

Gao Feng took out a piece of paper, which had all of the materials the fire hammer squad hunted printed on it, "This list contains what we earned this time. Each material has its own market price, so the price of all of these materials added together comes to around 2.2 billion" Gao Feng toned his voice down a bit.

It's a bit late now, so there aren't many people remaining in the bar. Well, it isn't a big deal even if someone else overhears.

"For this time's hunt, Luo Feng and I were the main force while Chen Gu, Wei Tie, and Wei Qing were support. So Chen Gu, Wei Tie, and Wei Qing each get 10%, which is 220 million each. Luo Feng and I each get 35%, which is 770 million each!" Gao Feng looked at everyone, "Nobody has any objections right"

The members of the fire hammer squad all laughed.

Objections? Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

They usually earn 100 million over the course of a year or two. How long has this been? Chen Gu and the others have already earned 220 million! Of course, that's connected to the fact that they used genetic medicine to increase their skill. If their skill didn't increase, then they wouldn't have been able to assist Luo Feng and Gao Feng at all in #003 city.

"Luo Feng, pick some materials that are worth around 770 million. You decide how you want to deal with them" Gao Feng passed the paper over and immediately yelled towards the bar, "Bring a pen over here"

Luo Feng looked at the paper in front of him and carefully inspected the list.

After the pen came, Luo Feng swiftly checked the materials he wanted. Because fighters frequently communicate with each other over the internet and the purchasers of the materials are always competing with each other, the prices have long been clear. Usually, there isn't much of a difference.

"Luo Feng, you're selling the materials to the Dojo of Limits for contribution points to buy an instruction manual?" asked Gao Feng.

"I'm preparing to purchase the first four stages of the 《Nine Stage Thunder Blade》" said Luo Feng helplessly, "I just want to buy the fourth stage but, unfortunately, they don't sell them one by one!". When you purchase an instruction manual, you have to buy it starting from the first level. Actually, Luo Feng wanted to purchase the fifth stage of the 《Nine Stage Thunder Blade》 too.

However, you would need 2 billion, half price of 1 billion, to purchase the first five stages! And the half price requirement is a three star contribution rank, which is equivalent to a million contribution points! If you convert money into contribution points, then each contribution point is equivalent to 100,000 Chinese dollars. This means that you need 10 billion! Even if it's cheaper to sell materials to the Dojo of Limits in return for contribution points, Luo Feng doesn't have that much.

So, for now, he can only purchase the first four stages.

The first four stages of the 《Nine Stage Thunder Blade》 costs 500 million, half price 250 million. The half price requirement is a 'two star contribution rank', which is just 100,000 contribution points.

"Buying instruction scrolls are indeed a gigantic money sink" Wei Qing couldn't help but to nod his head on the side, "The HR alliance sells instruction manuals at a much cheaper price compared to the Dojo of Limits' full price. However, it's also much more expensive than the Dojo of Limits' half price".

"I know, the full price of the first four stages of the 《Nine Stage Thunder Blade》at the Dojo of LImits is 500 million, half price 250 million. And at the HR alliance, even though there isn't any contribution rank requirement, it still costs 400 million!" Luo Feng shook his head helplessly. The half price offered by the Dojo of Limits is clearly the most attractive option! Sadly, the requirement for that half price is also very high.

"I already calculated that selling the monster materials to the Dojo of Limits is more cost efficient"

※※

The second day. The fire hammer squad directly went to Jiang-Nan headquarter city's HR alliance market. First, captain Gao Feng, Wei Tie, Wei Qing, and Chen Gu went to take out the materials stored in the large safes. After that, Luo Feng received the materials that he selected earlier.

Layer after layer in the bag was opened. Only until it was stretched to a height of 1.2 meters was it able to fit all of the materials.

Gao Feng, Wei Tie, Wei Qing, and Chen Gu sold all their materials to the HR alliance. After bargaining a bit, they earned a slight bit more than they thought they would have. Gao Feng earned 780 million while Wei Tie, Wei Qing, and Chen Gu earned a little bit more than 220 million.

"Go, head towards the Limit Hall"

The Limit Hall was the headquarters of the Dojo of Limits in Jiang-Nan headquarter city, but Luo Feng rarely visited this place.

"Gao Feng"

"Big fire cannon"

"Crazy"

After entering the first floor of the Limit Hall, quite a few fighters recognized Luo Feng's group and passionately gave their greetings. Luo Feng and the others also smiled as they chatted; most of them recognized each other while they were resting in the resupplying base. And, as of now, Luo Feng is quite famous.

Under the lead of a woman wearing a blue suit, Luo Feng and the others got on an elevator and arrived at the 23rd floor.

"Ding!" The doors of the elevator opened.

"Please follow me" the woman wearing the blue suit smiled as she brought Luo Feng and the others into an office. There was a middle aged woman sitting in this office.

"The fire hammer squad, welcome, welcome" the middle aged woman smiled as she said, "My name is Luo Yun Qin".

"I'm familiar with manager Luo" smiled Luo Feng as he said, "Manager Luo, we've brought you some materials this time, have a look" after saying that, he placed his gigantic bag on the floor and released the ropes. Instantly, the huge amounts of materials poured into a metal machine on the side.

Luo Yun Qin's eye's flashed and she immediately pulled out her safe. After opening it, she pulled out a tool.

"Beep beep beep beep~"

From the scanning of the machine, each material's quality, name, and price directly displayed onto the screen. Without the need to check anything by hand, the total price quickly showed itself on the screen.

"A total of 510 million and 255,000 contribution points" said Luo Yun Qin as she smiled.

Luo Feng slightly nodded.

If you sold this batch of materials to the HR alliance, you would probably earn around 770 million. And at the Limit Hall, you only earn around 2/3 of the price: 510 million. Even though you lose 260 million, you earn 255,000 contribution points in its place. If you rely on pure donations to earn contribution points, you need 2.55 billion.

In other words……

Every 10 million you lose by selling the materials to the Limit Hall earns you 10,000 contribution points.

This is 10 times more efficient than donating! clearly, the Dojo of Limits hopes for everyone to earn contribution points by selling them their materials. There's a bit of punishment in donating, since you need 100,000 dollars just for 1 contribution point.

"Are you sure you want to sell them?" Luo Yun Qin smiled as she looked at Luo Feng.

"I'm sure" Luo Feng nodded.

Unlike the HR alliance, there is no bargaining at the Limit Hall. But naturally, the Limit Hall's prices are usually very fair and transparent.

"Add the two low level commander monster materials into my battle record" said Luo Feng.

"Alright. Going by your battle record, your fighter rank is now 'beginner level warlord'" nodded Luo Yun Qin. A fighter's rank is determined by their battle record.

For example, if you want to reach the 'beginner level warlord' rank, you have to have slain two low level commanders! ……However, battle records are usually not too reliable.

Because nobody knows whether or not you actually killed the monster yourself. You can easily purchase the material and pretend it's your own.

As a result, the so called 'fighter rank' isn't really that useful. In the circle of fighters, everyone knows who's strong and who's weak. For example, if some kid from a rich family purchases two horde leader corpses and says he killed them, his rank would become 'beginner level wargod'.

And once he does this, he'll easily attract many fighters wanting a spar.

If he has the strength, then nothing will happen.

If he doesn't have the strength, then he'll be super embarrassed when he gets walked all over by a group of warlords. So most people aren't willing to try and advance their ranks until they have enough strength to back it up.

"When I killed around 10,000 soldier level monsters in two months, most of them being high level soldiers, most of the fighters were sure that I was a beginner level warlord! If so, then I might as well directly raise my fighter rank to 'beginner level warlord'.

※※

Late into the night of the same day. Luo Feng's audiovisual room.

The display on the wall entered the 'Home of Limits' page. The clearest thing on this page was this list:

Name: Luo Feng

Sex: Male

Address: Jiang-Nan city, China

Fighter identification number: 426123205608010002

Level: Warlord (beginner)

Contribution: 255612 Points (two stars)

Balance: 1189800000 Chinese dollars

"Internet market, instruction manual 《Nine Stage Thunder Blade》" Luo Feng swiftly tapped on the wireless keyboard and entered the page to purchase the 《Nine Stage Thunder Blade》 instruction manual. After browsing for a bit, he saw the first line at the top '《Nine Stage Thunder Blade》 all nine stages ?? 100 billion (full price) 50 billion (half price requirement: four star contribution rank). This is a gigantic amount! Even more expensive than the elixir of life*, and it needs a four star contribution rank.

Luo Feng shook his head and lightly tapped the purchase button for the first four stages.

"Please confirm whether or not you want to purchase the first four stages of the 《Nine Stage Thunder Blade》. You need to pay 250 million Chinese dollars"

"Confirm!" Luo Feng tapped.

"Please verify your fingerprint and confirm again"

Luo Feng placed his finger on the fingerprint scanner on the wireless keyboard and shook his head as he sighed…… too bad the first five stages of the 《Nine Stage Thunder Blade》 needs a three star contribution rank for half price. Having no choice, he could only purchase the first four stages. Usually, the 《Nine Stage Thunder Blade》 gets harder and harder as you progress.

Because of some special circumstances, he was luckily able to finish the first three stages. This fourth stage will probably take an extremely long time, unless something special happens again.

"Beep!"

"Fingerprint confirmed"

"Purchase successful! Deduction successful! The instruction manual for the first four stages of the 《Nine Stage Thunder Blade》 will arrive at Mr. Luo Feng's home within 24 hours" the screen continuously displayed the messages.

Luo Feng let out a long sigh of relief: "Now that I've purchased the instruction manual, I gotta figure out how I'm gonna safely sell the dragon egg, the battle uniform, and the blade!"

Note: For those who are curious and forgot, the current market price for an elixir of life is 30 billion (of course, there's only demand and no supply).