Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 933: 2,000 Years of Hibernation

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

The five servants stayed silent, kneeling.

Sky Wolf looked bellicose. "Even if the human shows himself sometime in the future, he will disappear again when I get the news." Sky Wolf realized that and quickly made a decision. "Prepare the ice tablets." He said in a deep voice.

"Yes, master," the servants answered.

One of them turned around his hands and put a giant, bar-shaped ice tablet on the ground. Sky Wolf walked down from the throne and toward the tablet.

"Tell me about the two battles," Sky Wolf said.

"Yes, master. The human fought Lightning-Racing Emperor first, and the emperor was suppressed by the human. Besides, the human was so rapid that Lightning-Racing Emperor couldn't run away, and he resorted to burning his own body. However, he was still slower than the human with his body being burned."

The five servants told the stories one by one. Although some details were left out, they mentioned all the key points.

Sky Wolf looked down at the ice tablet.

Chi, chi, chi.

Demon-race characters appeared on the tablet one by one, and the new ranking was determined.

First: Blood Dog

Second: Silver Eye

Third: Sky Wolf

Fourth: Black Wind

Fifth: Ci An

Sixth: Human

These creatures were named according to their races; for instance, "Ci An," "Human," and "Sky Wolf." As for Blood Dog, Silver Eye, and Black Wind, they had been given these names due to their appearances. This was a usual way to name someone because there was only one from the Ci An clan and one from the human race.

The ranking was soon determined, and each name came with a description. The names and the descriptions almost filled the ice tablet, only to leave a huge blank on the top.

The servants were baffled and started to mutter, "Master always crafted the ranking from the top to the bottom. Why did it change?"

"Yes. I've never seen master do this."

As they were discussing this, demon-race characters started to appear on the blank:

Anyone who brings the human to me will be forever protected. And I swear I will not kill him if I see the human. I swear to all of Ice Hell, and this tablet is the evidence.

"Done." Sky Wolf raised his head. "Make 900 copies of this and send them to the peak of the mountain on the other side."

"Yes, master," the five servants answered with veneration.

They made 900 copies instantly, and one of them flew away carrying these tablets. He flew toward the mountain near Ice Sea where the ranking was usually distributed. That was a battle-free zone where no occupation was allowed, which had been agreed upon by everyone in Ice Hell.

******

The tablets were carried away by one creature after another, and Sky Wolf's bounty spread throughout Ice Hell.

"Sky Wolf's protection?"

"Unless Sky Wolf dies, nobody can kill me if I can get its protection."

"Will Sky Wolf break its promise?"

"How is that possible? Sky Wolf announced that through the ranking and made it known to everyone. He's not likely to break his promise because of us and humiliate himself publicly. Besides, Sky Wolf is always proud and doesn't deign to attack us. Also, everyone knows he's peaceful."

"Hurry up and find the human."

"That's right. Let's go find the human."

All the other creatures tiptoed except for the strongest ones. Even Bone Emperor and Lightning-Racing Emperor would avoid meeting the five invincible emperors, not to mention the others. Though they were weak, they made up 90 percent of the creatures in Ice Hell. They devoted themselves wholeheartedly to finding Luo Feng.

However—Luo Feng's habitation was hidden deep in the snow, and there was a micro-detector around. Even if some creatures actually arrived there, they couldn't detect Luo Feng with their eyes or godly force unless they destroyed the whole place and forced Luo Feng to come out.

The creatures vehemently searched for the human for hundreds of years, after which the enthusiasm gradually wore off. However, there were still some weak emperors continuing to search because once they succeeded, they could live a peaceful life.

******

On one of the islands of the sea, Luo Feng, dresses in black, sat on the beach watching the tides. As for the golden-horned beast, it was staying in Inner World and copying the sculpture of beast god.

"It's been 1,000 years," said Luo Feng. "I thought it would be almost impossible to improve because my conception of the beast god reached level 20 of Heavenly Bridge 1,000 years ago. By contrast, it was slowly but constantly improving." Luo Feng was smiling. "However, there's a huge gap between level 20 and level 21, which takes ten times longer than improving from level 19 to 20.

The conception of beast god was achieved by copying different sizes of beast god sculptures. Luo Feng's perception of the merging law of Dao of Beast God was important as well, as it was difficult to achieve without it.

Perception of law was the root and the trunk. Conception was the branches. Only if the root was deep enough and the trunk thick enough that the tree could bloom.

They were functioning upon each other. With the perception of law, one could grasp a higher level of conception. Meanwhile, a higher level of conception boosted the perception of law.

******

Time flew.

The golden-horned beast concentrated on Ran Shen Seven move and tried to apprehend the conception of beast god by copying. The human form was studying Moon Policy and 10,000-Star Sermon Map.

The castellan provided different opponents based on the weaknesses of Luo Feng's moves, under which Luo Feng refined his moves and improved sharply. He was already able to create new moves based on the second chapter, Muscle, and apply the law in a magnificently comprehensive way.

It took Luo Feng 1,600 years to create the second move for Moon Policy. Both the move of blade and Sha Wu Wing could be utilized. One move of blade could destroy any obstacle! It was almighty.

However, Luo Feng ran into some difficulties when studying 10,000-Star Sermon Map. Luo Feng originally thought that he could create the second move of the map ten times faster than creating the move for Moon Policy. After all, he was already experienced. However, it was much more difficult than Luo Fen thought. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

The first move is based on the first chapter, and it's simpler. Yet the second one stems from the second chapter, which is far more complicated. It becomes so difficult that I can't extrapolate from Moon Policy.

Luo Feng identified the key distinction between the law of close combat and that of spirit weapon. The two weapons would only become more different when the secret technique became more intricate, and the experience would become increasingly useless.

******

Inside the palace of Thunder Island in the virtual universe, Luo Feng stepped into the palace, stopped halfway, and greeted, "Master, I've created the second move for both. Please give me some advice."

"You realized, didn't you?" came a voice from the infinite airflow.

"I realized," Luo Feng said with respect, "that I was wrong to think it would be easier to create the move for spirit weapon if I knew how to create the move for close combat. However, it wasn't as easy as I thought."

"You're creating the top-secret technique instead of the mediocre one. There are fundamental differences between the arcane codes of close combat and spirit weapons. Of course, the more you study them, the more obvious the differences will be. You can still refer to each other when creating the first or second move, but there will be no point when you start the third and fourth move. What's more, it will only slow you down if you do that when you're creating the fifth move, let alone the sixth one. And it will be an impossible venture to create the seventh move, which represents the power of a master of the universe."

"Ah…" Luo Feng was startled.

"Diluting your concentration can indeed help you at first by supplementing one arcane code to another," the castellan said. "However, they will only negatively affect each other when you reach a higher level, making it strenuous to create one more move. You think the powerful creatures are afraid of squandering time? No. They have eternal lives and couldn't care less about time. What they're really afraid of is losing the chance of the peak forever. Are you still sticking to your own way?"

"I am!" Luo Feng said, nodding.

"Fine. You're still qualified to make mistakes. Let's just hope you will change your mind when you start to create the fourth move."

Luo Feng bowed without saying a word.

"Keep on. Show that you're right with your achievements." The sound was vague.

"Yes, teacher." Luo Feng bowed, thinking that he would definitely prove it with his accomplishments.

Sou!

Luo Feng vanished, and his consciousness went back to reality.

Inside the cave of eastern Ice Hell, Luo Feng finally opened his eyes. He had been sitting in the living room with his legs crossed.

"Just wait for it, castellan teacher," Luo Feng said. He had lost the joy he should have had after creating a new move. Rather, all he had was the intention to battle. "I need the reality to tell me I was wrong!"