Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 936: Reckoning

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

"The most powerful Ancestral God School?" Luo Feng was a bit confused. Even though he knew nothing about this school, Token of Beast God Inheritance appealed to him. He reached out. "Let me see."

"Use your godly power penetration," Sky Wolf said, watching Luo Feng. "As for the token, I'll keep it until there's a deal, and you may use your power to probe it."

"You're too careful." Luo Feng glanced at Sky Wolf.

"Humans are cunning," Sky Wolf urged him. "Just go check if you want it."

Luo Feng looked at the hexagonal stone and injected an invisible spiritual force into it. The moment the force hit the stone, Luo Feng felt like he was entering an ancient world.

"When I'm going to the land of inheritance with the token, I can receive inheritance from beast god if I'm qualified. The coordinates are…"

Luo Feng collected the information, which described the stone as the token of soil and space merging law. Luo Feng was a little disappointed, as he was practicing the merging law of gold and space. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"Have you seen it?" Sky Wolf asked Luo Feng. "Make your decision."

"Let me think about it," Luo Feng answered.

"No need to rush. I've waited long enough to be patient."

Sky Wolf stared at Luo Feng. Luo Feng stood there, frowning, whilst connecting to the virtual universe.

******

The virtual universe, inside the room of Luo Feng's manor.

Luo Feng started to look up the necessary information on the laptop. He started by searching for the information of the school mentioned by Sky Wolf.

"Ancestral God School…"

Luo Feng's access authority was updated after he successfully got out of sector-level Primal Sky Mountain.

"Hmm," Luo Feng said, his spirits brightened a bit as he started to read the information on the screen. "Token of Beast God's Inheritance."

Ancestral God School was the most powerful organization in the universe. It was as old as the universe, and the highest level belonged to the legendary three Ancestral Gods. Three Ancestral Gods, Eight Beast God, 72 Holy Deified Generals, and 3,000 Prophets. There was a fixed number for each position. Although there could be candidates, each beast god position could only be filled by one. Unless the original beast god fell, there wouldn't be a new beast god, and the same rule applied to deified generals and prophets.

There were three forms of inheritance in Ancestral God School. The first was inheritance of prophets, the second was inheritance of deified generals, and the third was inheritance of beast god. Inheritance of beast god was the highest level of inheritance, with each of the eight beast gods being a master of the universe. Hundreds of millions of races had followed the path of the beast god, and some of them had even received its inheritance and successfully trained themselves to reach the beast god's level.

However, they still couldn't become a beast god unless the beast god they were following fell. Once one became the real beast god, its power would surge. That was why there was a fixed number for each position.

Ancestral God School was open, and it neither participated in the battle for power nor needed a large territory, as there were only some 3,000 members in it. It was open to all the powerful creatures in the universe, and the inheritances they had were distributed across the universe to make sure they would be received by the right one. However, neither those who received the inheritances nor those who excelled at following the inheritances belonged to Ancestral God School—only the one who inherited the position.

Ancestral God School didn't meddle in any wars. Other than the holy ancestral gods, only the beast gods, the deified generals, and the prophets were among all the races in the universe. Beast gods were the strongest, followed by deified generals and prophets.

The inheritance crystals of prophets floated randomly in the universe and collected by one powerful one after another. However, the lands of deified-general inheritance were fixed in a particular area. As for the lands of beast-god inheritance, they were under Ancestral God School's control, and one must show the token to enter the land.

There were eight tokens, golden and space, wood and space, soil and space, light and time, wind and time, and thunder and time. Eight merging laws represented the eight paths of beast gods.

There was a rule for humans that if powerful humans managed to find the token, they could keep it for themselves. If they found it to be useless, they could hand it in, and they would be rewarded treasures as valuable as the token. Sometimes, they might get another token.

Luo Feng was amazed after reading all this information. He realized how supreme Ancestral God School was and how small the number of members was.

"Three ancestral gods and eight beast gods," Luo Feng said. "How powerful are ancestral gods? I reckon they're as powerful as teacher Mountain Sitting Gues. Only because of that could the Ancestral God School be the most powerful organization in the universe."

Elite strategy… Ancestral God School followed the elite strategy. It didn't have an abundant number of members, but it surpassed the six peaks.

"I can trade this token for the token that suits me," Luo Feng realized aloud. He was expecting something more. "Sky Wolf, today is your unlucky day!"

******

Ice Hell, inside the palace of Sky Wolf.

Sky Wolf stared at Luo Feng.

"You've made up your mind?" Sky Wolf said.

Luo Feng nodded. "Yes."

"Good. Now, do we have a deal or not?"

Sky Wolf said it more aggressively because it had a strong desire to go back to his clan. It was now an invincible emperor, where it was still lagging behind others at the same level, which stemmed from the lack of treasures! He was powerful enough, and all he needed were a couple of suitable treasures suitable, after which he could sharply improve his fighting and defending abilities.

Luo Feng looked at Sky Wolf. "Deal," he said.

"Smart choice." Sky Wolf laughed and said, "Human, give me the anonymous-account sensor first. I need to check it."

Luo Feng frowned. "Let's exchange our goods at the same time."

"Haha! Are you kidding me?" Sky Wolf said. "If I give the token to you directly, you can run out in no time and take away the access authority. Then how am I supposed to know whether or not you're telling the truth?"

Luo Feng glanced at it and started to contemplate. Sky Wolf was really sneaky, and he didn't know whether he would be tricked or not.

"Makes sense."

Luo Feng threw out a quantum computer. A godly force caught the quantum computer. Filled with excitement, Sky Wolf stared at the quantum computer. While he was detained in Ice Hell, he was only mediocre, but now he was an invincible emperor, which would make his clan value him significantly more. Once he managed to get back, he would be specially trained by his clan, and he might become a universe knight. And based on his power, he wouldn't be an average knight.

"Do as I said," Sky Wolf growled.

A figure came into view. It was a prepossessed, nine-meter tall female with a great body and six wings.

"Yes, master," the female servant answered with respect and took the quantum computer.

The female servant connected to the virtual universe. Sky Wolf looked at her with a thrill while glimpsing at Luo Feng a couple of times. He was watching the scene in silence and monitoring everything in his virtual universe. He had high access authority and was one of the highest levels in the human race. He had reached this level by being the student of the castellan and one of the top talents.

In reality, Luo Feng had constructed a local area network for that anonymous account, which meant he was the only one who used the account all along. For instance, there were lots of players of virtual games, and there were quite a few people drinking in the bar. However, these were all simulated; even Luo Feng couldn't tell that it was fake.

"Do whatever you want to do, including sending the message," Luo Feng muttered under his breath. "Unfortunately, you're currently in private virtual network, and it's been cut off from the entire virtual universe."

The female servant entered the game.

Luo Feng was monitoring everything. It was the number-three game, which dated back to 30,000 years ago. It was completely normal for a well-functioning game to be operated for more than 100 million years, given that human history had started zillions of years ago and some games were extremely popular. The game could be maintained as long as there were profits.

The female servant publicized the bounty mission.

Luo Feng noticed that the servant started by transferring a small amount of money from an anonymous account of the First Bank of the Universe to herself, after which she released a bounty mission to the entire game. She logged off after staying there for a while.

Inside the palace, Sky Wolf watched his servant. Finally, she said, "Master, there was no response."

"Human!" Sky Wolf roared, becoming furious. "You're playing me!"