Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Chapter 939: Arrival of the Primal Chaos City Leader

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Inside the Ice Hell star band of the Black Flower Secret Region.

A towering palace surrounded by flames appeared out of nowhere, and the second it appeared, it became the core of the entirety Ice Hell, exerting an aggressive and mighty force on it. All the undying playing in the Ice Hell star band instantly began shivering out of fright.

"What's the point of scaring them as Master of Sky Wolf?"

A trace of purple light and then blue light flew to the floating palace.

"They ought to grovel upon my arrival," the rumbling sound came out of the palace, and a figure covered with fire walked out.

The figure looked like the manifestation of law of the universe. Tongues of flames surrounded him, and the dark Sky Wolf was walking at a slow pace. The space and time around him were in his control completely, and he was the owner of the entire Ice Hell star band! Even the blue knight and the purple knight had to revere him.

He was the greatest being of the Sky Wolf clan: Master of Sky Wolf!

"There is a sky wolf detained in Ice Hell." His voice was rumbling, trembling the entire domain. "Let it out."

The purple knight and the blue knight gave each other a look. There was an immense number of demon-race creatures, and they hadn't expected that Master of Sky Wolf would show up for merely an undying.

"Please wait a minute, Master of Sky Wolf," the blue knight said and waved his hand.

A cylindrical icicle appeared on his palm. Since Master of Sky Wolf arrived, he needed to carry his treasure to greet him. Ice Hell was one of the sealing treasures, which was scarce and precious; together with the blue knight's talents, its tremendous power could be fully utilized.

The blue knight's mind entered the Ice Hell and locked onto the Sky Wolf, kicking it out easily.

"Get out!"

The white Sky Wolf didn't stand straight until rolling among the stars. After looking around, exhilaration filled its eyes. When it saw the purple and blue figures, and the palace engulfed in fire where stood the forceful black Sky Wolf, it recalled the legend of the Sky Wolf clan. It couldn't believe its eyes.

"Leader!" Si Bo Wa groveled with a thrill.

The legendary leader of Sky Wolf clan! The eternal leader!

"Purple knight, how powerful is this Sky Wolf?" The black Sky Wolf looked at the purple knight from afar.

Although the purple knight and Master of Sky Wolf bore some grudges against each other, the knight had to suppress his hostility. Master of Sky Wolf wasn't just any Universe master with invaluable treasures.

"Master of Sky Wolf," said the purple knight, "this one is particularly talented, and it is ranked among the top five in Ice Hell. If it were equipped with some suitable treasures, it would rival other invincible emperors."

"Then why did you detain it, knowing its potential?" Master of Sky Wolf kept grumbling.

"It's my Ice Hell that detained it," the blue knight said, clearly irritated.

Master of Sky Wolf looked to the blue knight.

Rumble!

An invisible force assailed the blue knight, whose body bounced away and cracked, after which the pieces were assembled.

"Who allowed you to speak?" the voice was muddled with anger. Coldness flashed through his eyes, which terrified the purple knight.

"Master of Sky Wolf!" the purple knight screamed.

"Relax. Because of you, I won't actually hurt him." Master of Sky Wolf calmed himself down. "It was just a small punishment."

The blue knight flew back to the purple knight. He was filled with exasperation, but all he could do was to suppress it. The purple knight smiled and said, "Master of Sky Wolf, I've already let your people go. If you want to catch up with me, you can come with me to the Ice Hell star band, and I can invite some friends."

"I'll pass."

Master of Sky Wolf glimpsed at the purple knight and looked down to Si Bo Wa.

Si Bo Wa said, "Leader, there's a human in Ice Hell, and he has the beast god token."

It didn't dare to tell him that it was the one who had given the human the token, as it was afraid to enrage this supreme being that it had only heard of before.

"Beast god token?" Master of Sky Wolf looked to the purple knight. "Let the human out, and I'll take him with me," Master of Sky Wolf said.

It was an excellent deal to get the token with a word, as the tokens were limited resources to a race.

"Human?" The purple knight and the blue knight exchanged eye contact and realized they were in trouble. The purple knight shook his head. "There was no human."

"Don't you dare tell me there's not!" the voice blasted, trembling its surroundings. The space was twisted like waves. "Of course, you know that there's a human inside!"

"No, there's not," the purple knight said and kept shaking his head.

The two knights didn't have the guts to hand in the human. They had already contacted Mountain Sitting Guest and confirmed that the human was a student highly valued by him. Everyone knew how mighty Mountain Sitting Guest was. Even Master of Sky Wolf was nothing compared to him. They might manage to survive if they wronged Master of Sky Wolf. However, even the Ancestral God School couldn't protect them if they wronged Mountain Sitting Guest!

"There's no human," agreed the blue knight, shaking his head, too. "The little one must have misremembered it. There was a human before, but he died a long time ago."

Master of Sky Wolf looked at the purple knight and the blue knight in shock. He could not believe they were unwilling to give him the human. Si Bo Wa, standing to the side, was also looking at its leader and waiting for his hint. If he was to give up, it would say the similar thing as the two knights. Otherwise, it would tell a different story.

"Interesting," Master of Sky Wolf said. "Who is this human? He doesn't sound like a nobody." Master of Sky Wolf stood in front of the towering palace and overlooked the knights. "Did a supreme being of the human race make a pact with you both so that you two would rather defy me? If it's something good to humans, I'll surely sabotage it! Give me the human!" Master of Sky Wolf glared at them. "Or I'll get him myself!"

"Leader! They were lying! I just saw the human!" Si Bo Wa shouted.

"Did you hear me?" Master of Sky Wolf looked down at the knights.

"Master of Sky Wolf!" The purple knight said with fury. "Are you going to fight us because of a human?"

"I'll suggest you back off!" the blue knight said.

They were already secretly notifying Mountain Sitting Guest, who had unbelievable skills, to share the news. However, Mountain Sitting Guest only responded, "Give him the human and meddle. Don't tell him my relationship with this human.

"Give me the human!" demanded Master of Sky Wolf. "No matter who's behind him, I won't be afraid. Even if he's the founder of Gigantic Axe!"

The purple knight and the blue knight gave each other a look. They were pondering why Mountain Sitting Guest would tell them to stand aside and not expose the relationship. Master of Sky Wolf would certainly go away if he heard the name "Mountain Sitting Guest." But what was the point of this if Mountain Sitting Guest said so?

"Okay." The purple knight nodded. "We'll let him go."

******

Deep in the snow of Eastern Ice Hell.

Luo Feng sat in the living room and waiting for the Primal Chaos City Leader.

Rumble!

He suddenly felt the entire sealing force squeezing him. Space cracked at the front. He was squeezed out without even putting up a fight.

Luo Feng opened his wings and floated among the stars.

It must be my teacher, Luo Feng thought.

But he was startled by what he saw. The purple knight and the blue knight were standing afar, and on the other side floated a gigantic palace surrounded by flames. The power that emanated from it was colossal and surpassed that of the Sky-Swallowing Palace which Luo Feng had seen before. The owner, a black Sky Wolf, petrified Luo Feng, and next to him stood a subservient white Sky Wolf.

It's the Sky Wolf of Ice Hell, Luo Feng thought to himself.

"Human," Si Bo Wa said, looking down at Luo Feng smugly. "The token was only kept by you temporarily. And now, the token and your life will both be gone."

Master of Sky Wolf looked down at Luo Feng. "You seem to have a strong background," the master said. "Unfortunately, you're dying today and will not be resurrected."

Where is my teacher? He should've arrived a long time ago.

"Die!" Master of Sky Wolf said nonchalantly.

All forms of sound went off and spread to all the creatures detained in Ice Hell. Luo Feng and Si Bo Wa heard it, too, and so did the two knights and Master of Sky Wolf.

Among the Ice Hell star band, a blurry river of sky that was several light years long appeared and covered the entire star band. It looked infinitely long, as if it were opening an entrance to another universe.

On the river floated various kinds of treasures, each of whose force permeated the space.

"It's thousand-treasure river!" cried the purple knight, dazed.

"Thousand-treasure river!" the blue knight said and looked to Master of Sky Wolf, gloating.

Master of Sky Wolf was bewildered. He roared, standing in front of the palace with his hoofs. "Primal Chaos City Leader! Why don't you show yourself, since you're here?" ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

The fire around him soared with spread everywhere, but it was extinguished by the force from the river. The palace started to oscillate as if it would topple at any minute.