Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 942: True Yan Emperor and Luo Feng

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Inside, the ancient Chaos City was peaceful as always. Three purple messengers were walking on the street and reached True Yan Emperor's house.

"It's the purple messengers of the Primal Chaos City Leader."

"The purple messengers are here."

The most frequently seen messengers normally wore black. Some of the students in True Yan Emperor's house were startled, as they'd rarely seen the arrival of purple messengers. They knew something significant had happened.

"Go, tell the teacher."

After only a short while, True Yan Emperor came out and greeted them himself. He was also baffled. "Three purple messengers are here?" he said. "One black messenger is enough, normally. What's the point of sending three purple messengers here?"

"Congratulations, True Yan Emperor!" The tallest messenger laughed. "Congratulations."

The other two purple knights laughed along.

"Why do you congratulate me? Come, sit inside."

True Yan Emperor led the three messengers into the hall, and several students served some wine and fruits. They left after duty, as they knew they were not supposed to meddle with some major issues. That left only the three messengers and True Yan Emperor in the hall.

"It's such great news." The tall messenger beamed and brought out a metal box.

"What's so mysterious?" True Yan Emperor took and opened it. There was a hexagonal stone tablet inside, on which was sculpted a roaring beast god.

True Yan Emperor was dazed, and his hand started to tremble. He picked up the stone tablet, and his eyes turned red. He caressed this tablet as if he were worried that it was a phantom. His voice faltered as he said, "Beast god inheritance token! It's the beast god inheritance token! For such a long time—practically forever—I've always wanted it!" True Yan Emperor's body trembled. "Now, I've finally got the chance. Finally!"

He was stuck at the last step for what felt like an infinite amount of time. Although the token could help him greatly, it was almost impossible to get one. The tokens were extremely rare in the universe, as they represented the most special inheritance of Ancestral God School. Perhaps there were only a few of each type of the tokens within the human race, and the race needed to prepare for the potential peerless talents in the future. The tokens would only be granted under few circumstances.

He couldn't make the final breakthrough if he didn't get the token. It was indeed only one step, but it was like a chasm, separating countless emperors from universe knights.

"Thank you, Primal Chaos City Leader." True Yan Emperor kneeled with excitement. "Thank you, seniors. I'll strive to become a universe knight and live up to the expectations."

"Please, get up." The tall messenger helped True Yan Emperor to his feet.

"The race rewarded with a token. I…" True Yan Emperor was thrilled.

"It's not from the race. It's from your student Luo Feng."

"Luo Feng?" True Yan Emperor was stupefied.

"Yes, your student Luo Feng," the tall messenger continued. "I was serving the Primal Chaos City Leader in the primal secret region. The Primal Chaos City Leader asked us to come here directly and give this to you. As for Luo Feng, he's still with the Primal Chaos City Leader in the primal secret region."

"How did he get the token?" True Yan Emperor suddenly had complicated feelings. "My student was also following the path of beast god, and he could certainly trade this token for another. Why did he give this to me?"

No matter how close the relationship between the teacher and the student, the powerful ones would do everything in their power to improve themselves. Giving the insignificant ones to their teachers could be regarded as gratitude.

"True Yan Emperor, you have a great student."

"We won't stay for long, as we need to go back and report," the tall messenger said. "We'll escort ourselves out."

The three messengers left.

True Yan Emperor was both exhilarated and anxious. Even though he had desired the token for so long, he felt like it was too much.

******

True Yan Emperor connected to the virtual universe and sent ten emails to Luo Feng before coming to Luo Feng's manor in Yu Xiang Mountain.

"Luo Feng," True Yan Emperor shouted, which baffled all the servants and the guards.

"Teacher!" Luo Feng soon got out of the hall.

"Come with me."

True Yan Emperor grabbed Luo Feng and entered the hall. True Yan Emperor couldn't wait to yell, "Where did you get the token? Did you get it from our race? Don't you know how important it is to you? You're following the path of beast god yourself! How could you just give it up and hand it in to your teacher? I'll be restless knowing you've traded your future for mine. And you know if I can't be tranquil, I might fail even if I enter the land of inheritance."

"Please relax, teacher," Luo Feng said. "I got it myself instead of getting it from my race."

"You got it yourself?" True Yan Emperor was startled.

It was not so easy to get one. Once other powerful ones found it, they would use their godly power to penetrate it and discern how important it was. Usually, they would just hand it in to their race. That was how most of the tokens were held by the races.

"It's true. I obtained it by myself." Luo Feng said. "Just think about this. I gave this to you in the hands of the Primal Chaos City Leader. If I actually got it from our race, the Primal Chaos City Leader wouldn't allow me to do so."

"That makes sense." True Yan Emperor nodded his head. "The Primal Chaos City Leader won't let you be reckless." Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

"Just use it now, teacher," Luo Feng continued. "It's not difficult for me to get a token from our race."

"You'll definitely be valued by our race based on your potential, and you're more than qualified to get the token. Even the Seven Blade Emperor, who is less talented than you, could get one." True Yan Emperor nodded his head and frowned. "However, you need to become an undying to get the token, and that's going to take a long time.

"Please don't worry about that, teacher." Luo Feng smiled. "Did you forget that I'm Blade River Emperor, teacher? I'm already powerful enough to get one, and the Primal Chaos City Leader will file an application for me. He told me that it would succeed given his presence and my genius."

True Yan Emperor sighed. "The Primal Chaos City Leader is the ruler of the virtual universe. Okay, he'll definitely succeed. Luo Feng, I've benefited so much from you."

"It was a piece of cake." Luo Feng beamed.

******

Deep in the primal secret region, the thousand-treasure river surrounded the stars. Luo Feng was sitting on top of one of the palaces and looked at the river from afar. He thought back to what the Primal Chaos City Leader had told him.

"Luo Feng, this is the date when we'll know whether you can get the token or not. If it fails, you'll have to wait until you become an undying. I hope it can succeed."

"I will succeed," said Luo Feng as he sat on the top of the palace with his legs crossed. "Land of inheritance, the sacred place of Ancestral God School. How exciting!"

Time passed. Luo Feng was growing anxious from waiting. However, he knew that the seniors from all the five powers of the human race were negotiating the decision. Could they make an exception for Luo Feng? Could Luo Feng succeed?

After a long while, Luo Feng heard a peaceful voice.

"Luo Feng."

Luo Feng turned around and saw the Primal Chaos City Leader holding the rugged stone stick. Luo Feng's heart missed a beat, as he knew the meeting had ended and a decision had been made.

Luo Feng stood up and greeted him. "Teacher."

"The meeting's over," the Primal Chaos City Leader said. "I can tell by the look on your face how concerned you are. Rest assured, because it's good news. The application was approved, and your identity as Blade River Emperor thrilled the masters of the universe of our race. They all think highly of you, and thus I don't need to put forth too much effort."

Luo Feng was overjoyed. He didn't believe what the Primal Chaos City Leader said and was certain his teacher had pulled lots of strings.

"Thank you, teacher," Luo Feng said. "I won't fail you and the other masters of the universe."

"Just don't fail the human race." The Primal Chaos City Leader burst into laughter. "The token will be sent to you in two days, and I've already told True Yan to come to the primal secret region to meet with you. You'll go to the land of inheritance together."

"Yes, teacher." Luo Feng was cheerful.

******

The human race was efficient, and the token arrived after only one day.

"Beast god inheritance token."

Luo Feng started to examine the hexagonal metal tablet in his hands. There was a single-horned lizard sculpture on the tablet, which was the beast god of Blood River World. However, it was not as distinct as the one Luo Feng had gotten before, and it did not contain any law.

"How marvelous the metal is. I've never heard of it."

Luo Feng caressed the tablet and penetrated it with his spiritual force. The information struck his mind. It was the same as the one before. They even had identical coordinates.