Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 945: Guarding Beast God

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Bauhinia Island, with a diameter of millions of kilometers, was far away from the auroras.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

The knight, Luo Feng, and True Yan Emperor landed on the island like three beams of light.

"There are so many palaces," said Luo Feng, looking at the palaces on the ground and on the mountain. He could literally feel the force coming from all the palaces in every area. He frowned. "There seem to be lots of powerful ones living here."

"Look at that," the knight said, pointing to the sky.

They both looked up.

"Huh?" said Luo Feng.

He saw halos enveloping the entire island. The halos kept swelling before they disappeared, and then, a new halo came into being. Each halo surrounded another in concentric circles like the ripples on the water. They were spreading. Born and vanished. Born and vanished. Again and again.

Each halo was made of threads of the law—the time law, space, gold, wood, water, fire, soil, wind, thunder, and light. Each law was mixed in each thread, which made the halos complete and perfect. Luo Feng was amazed as he realized the halos were actually manifesting the laws of the universe.

"You two!" the knight shouted.

Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor came back to reality.

"This is… This is…" True Yan Emperor was rendered speechless. "It's incredible!" Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

"This is the periphery of the laws." The knight looked at the halos ardently. "The ancestral god school is the first power of the universe and is responsible for maintaining the operation of the laws of the universe. And it's protected by the laws."

Luo Feng was bewildered. Maintaining the operation of the laws of the universe?

"The secret region of our school has the most special creatures and treasures," the knight said with great confidence. "The five-colored aurora lake was also rewarded by the laws of the universe. What we're doing is following the laws, and ancestral god school is defying the laws of the universe."

"How overbearing it is," Luo Feng murmured.

"You don't believe it?" said the knight. "You'll understand after living here for hundreds of millions of years." The knight glanced at Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor.

"Hundreds of millions of years?" Luo Feng was baffled.

"Come with me," said the knight. "The first thing to do is to build a dwelling place on the island."

The knight walked quickly with Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor following him. One step was a thousand kilometers, and they reached the destination in no time. They could see all forms of palaces and powerful ones of all races while walking on the island. There were billions of races, and all of them were mystical with different shapes and characteristics. Luo Feng could recognize some of the special creatures.

"How many residents are there on the island?" Luo Feng wondered.

"Other than the island owner, all of the others are the heirs," the knight said. "My job is to lead you here, and I'll leave soon. There are a plethora of heirs. You can calculate yourselves. There have been only a few hundred human heirs since the birth of the universe. And when you take into account the entire universe? It's a fair universe, and the tokens were distributed everywhere. There are hundreds of millions of races in the universe, and adding all of them together makes tens of billions of heirs."

"Tens of billions of heirs?" Luo Feng stared at the knight.

"There are really that many heirs?" True Yan Emperor found it hard to believe.

"It's a vast universe, and humanity is only one of the many races," the knight explained. "Only the ancestral gods know how many heirs there are. Of course, there are only 100 million living on the island."

"100 million?" Luo Feng pondered. "What about the others?"

"If an heir dies, the Universe master will reverse the time to bring back rather the heir than the token. It's too costly to bring back a token, and even a Universe master is reluctant to pay the price." The knight continued, "Each of the heirs comes with a token, and the second you step in here, your life and the token are bound. The token will be shattered if you die, and it can never be reused. Many powerful heirs died. That's why there are only 100 million of them now." The knight finished explaining.

They walked to the ground beside a river. The knight said, "You two will build a palace here. Remember, each palace can be no longer or wider than one kilometer. Even those enormous demon races and sky beasts need to shrink to fit the designated space. There are no exceptions."

Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor nodded. They didn't see any palace that was over one square kilometer.

"Also! You can leave some authenticating objects in the palace to make sure you can God Country Teleport yourselves here," the knight said. "You'll visit the island very often unless you die. If you have soul servants, don't bring them out. They will be destroyed by the lake. Keep them in the palace, as it's your place. Don't ever bring them out. Of course, botanic or metal life forms are the exceptions."

"We get it." Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor followed the instructions carefully.

"Come with me," the knight said and continued briefing them, as he was the guide.

******

After a short while, they arrived at the tallest mountain where sat a towering palace that was a thousand square kilometers.

"The owner of this island, unlike you heirs, is not restricted." The knight pointed at the towering palace and said, "That's the palace of the owner. Let's go."

They walked up the mountain.

"Look up," the knight said, pointing at the sky.

They both followed the knight.

"What is it?"

Luo Feng saw something inconceivably spectacular. He could see a crack inside the lake, inside which a magnificent and extensive palace was located. There were eight sub-palaces surrounding the glowing main palace.

"That is the core of the school," the knight said admiringly. "That's the largest palace, which is the ancestral god palace, where the ancestral gods live. Although there are three ancestral gods, only one of them is sitting here. The eight palaces around it are the beast god palace, where the beast gods reside. And there are around a dozen palaces around each beast god palace, which are the guarding beast god palaces."

"Outside the beast god palaces," continued the knight, "are the locations of 72 lands, only 63 of which are in our view, of course. And the 72 generals are living there. Each of the general's land is as large as Bauhinia Island. There are 3,000 stars on the margin, and those are 3,000 starry worlds, on which live the prophets. All these constitute the core of the ancestral god school." The knight sighed. "Other than these center places, there are lots of islands on the five-color aurora lake, and there are many sub-members of the school living there."

"Sub-members?" Both Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor looked at him in shock.

"Yes. They're candidates of the prophets and deified generals, and powerful heirs of the beast god." The knight couldn't help laughing. "Humans, do you really think there's free food available in the universe? Remember, it's a fair universe, and our school is not a charity. We paid a huge price for the inheritance crystals of prophets and the land of inheritance of the generals and the beast gods. You'll certainly have to pay for it."

"However…" continued the knight. "The school won't care much about the weak. That's why those who receive the inheritance of prophets and deified generals won't be required to work for the school unless they receive a complete inheritance. However, once one obtains the complete inheritance, like that of deified generals, the entire land of inheritance will crumble."

Luo Feng's heart skipped a beat. He recalled that he had been told something similar in the demon-note general's land of inheritance—that if anyone received a complete inheritance, the entire land would disintegrate.

"All the candidates of prophets and deified generals have received the complete inheritances," said the knight. "As for those following the path of beast gods, the most powerful ones have reached an extremely supreme level and are close to the complete inheritances. Note this: The school needs to pay a higher price for beast god inheritance, and those who are on the way to triumph will also need to sacrifice more. These are the sub-members."