Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 951: He is Blade River Emperor

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"Unique?" Luo Feng found it hard to believe that a unique life form would just appear in front of him.

He had known only two unique lives before, one of them being the fallen beast god, who was born to be a Universe master. And the other was teacher Mountain Sitting Guest, who was one of the mightiest in the entire universe. Luo Feng perceived a unique life to be incredibly powerful.

"A unique life form at an undying level? One of the top three heirs on the island?" Luo Feng rejoiced in his heart. "That sounds about right, as all the talents of the universe are on Bauhinia Island. My teacher True Yan Emperor can barely get in. Top three? How strong can those be?"

Luo Feng wasn't arrogant anymore. He wasn't qualified to be arrogant when compared to the Zhu Chong Emperor.

A unique life form, thought Luo Feng. That's right. Special life forms. The guarding beast god told me that the secret region of the Ancestral God School has the most special creatures out of the entire universe. Perhaps I can find a chance to confirm my third body, which is crucial to my future. I don't need to find the strongest one, but I need to find the one that suits me best.

Thousand Rain couldn't help but praise the emperor while Luo Feng was thinking about his third body. "We're emperors just like Zhu Chong Emperor, but look at the gap between us and him! Our constitutions are already 5,000 times weaker than his, and that's a larger gap than between the universe knights and us. Rumor has it that Blade River Emperor can kill an emperor undying as only a sector lord, and this Zhu Chong Emperor can kill an ordinary universe knight as only an emperor. No wonder the Ancestral God School treats him as a special life form."

"Stay out of this, Zhu Chong Emperor," Bei Shan Knight said in a low voice.

"Oh?" Zhu Chong Emperor enlarged his body to the size of Bei Shan Knight. He gazed at Bei Shan and said, "First of all, I'm an undying emperor, and this newcomer is a human. You know that humans are my brothers. Tell me why I should stay out of this." But just when Bei Shan Knight tried to say something, Zhu Chong Emperor continued, "Knights are indeed at a higher status than emperors, and that's why emperors will avoid the knights if they see the knights from afar. However, you're so belligerent, Bei Shan. Can you really blame him for fighting back? You're within five-color aurora lake, and killings are forbidden here. You were trying to force the human to burn his godly body?"

Heng!

Bei Shan Emperor flew away like a beam of light. Zhu Chong Emperor turned back to a ten-foot figure after seeing this.

"Human," Zhu Chong Emperor said and looked at Luo Feng.

"Thank you, Zhu Chong Emperor," Luo Feng said and smiled.

"I didn't help you much," Zhu Chong Emperor said. "I could've stopped it if I found out sooner, but now, Bei Shan Knight might hold a grudge against you. Be careful."

"Okay." Luo Feng nodded.

Zhu Chong Emperor was a little surprised. He didn't care about being hated? He had no idea how many enemies Luo Feng had.

"You can come find me in the world of glory," Zhu Chong Emperor told Luo Feng, after which he flew away.

Thousand Rain didn't fly to Luo Feng until Zhu Chong Emperor left. Thousand Rain landed on the mountain and sighed. "Please don't blame me, as I really don't want to mess with that universe knight," he said. "He was way out of line this time. I was going to avoid him when he hit me away. It's like he's trying to show off."

"I'm not blaming you." Luo Feng smiled.

In the distance, creatures were gossiping The confrontation between Zhu Chong Emperor and Bei Shan Knight attracted tens of thousands of powerful ones, which was remarkable considering the size of the land of treasures.

Luo Feng heard what was being said and smiled. "Nobody thinks much of me," he said.

"Can you blame them for thinking that you're foolhardy?" said Thousand Rain. "How many emperors have the guts to confront universe knights? For the ordinary races, even the top ones like space beasts, only have ten times more powerful genes than ordinary ones. And even though we are the peerless talents of our own clans, we are still emperors; we won't dare to fight with universe knights. Only the most exceptional of the special creatures have the ability and bravery to do that."

"There are only several emperor-level special creatures among the heirs."

"We need to be careful," Thousand Rain said. "We'll be in trouble if a universe knight holds resentment against us."

"Okay." Luo Feng was listening to a discussion afar. "I'll go check out other places."

"Haha! I know you can't stand all the gossiping," Thousand Rain said. "I'm coming with you."

Sou! Sou!

Luo Feng and Thousand Rain flew away like two flashes of light.

Tens of thousands of powerful ones were talking about what happened in small groups.

"How mighty Zhu Chong Emperor is! Bei Shan Knight didn't dare say another word!"

"Bei Shan Knight was only at fourth-level inheritance, and his constitution is nothing compared to that of Zhu Chong Emperor, whose godly body was 5,000 times stronger than ordinary emperors. Besides, Zhu Chong Emperor has two invaluable treasures. What do you think Bei Shan Knight could do about it?"

"He's wise not to mess with Zhu Chong Emperor, who has killed universe knights and defeated three universe knights before."

"How incredible."

"Well, he's 5,000 times more forceful than ordinary emperors. There's no comparison."

"Bei Shan Knight was humiliated this time. How unfortunate for him to run into a stupid newcomer and be suppressed by Zhu Chong Emperor at the same time."

Some of the universe knights were gloating.

"Unlucky Bei Shan."

"Although Bei Shan is aggressive, it's no big deal. Who expects the human to refuse to back down?"

"The human newcomer is a bit stupid. See? He now has made an enemy of a universe knight."

"You should just back down when you're weak."

******

After Luo Feng and Thousand Rain flew hundreds of thousands of miles, they were stopped by three emperors.

"Um?" Luo Feng looked at the three emperors in front of him.

One that looked like a beetle stared at Luo Feng with its compound eyes. "Human, are you Blade River Emperor?" it said in a hoarse voice.

Luo Feng was dazed.

"Blade River Emperor?" Thousand River said, turning to gape at Luo Feng in surprise.

"Stop covering it up, human," said the beetle emperor, confident and excited. "Based on my information, there's not a single emperor of the human race that matches you—except the mysterious Blade River Emperor… Blade River Emperor, I've heard a lot about you. How thrilling it is to finally see you. Bei Shan Knight is stupid enough to mess with you. The automaton race and demon race have already released the reward for hunting you down, and there are a plethora of powerful ones trying to kill you. However, they're all really careful, as they all know the resources the human race have put in place to protect you."

Luo Feng frowned.

Sou!

Luo Feng flew away, followed by Thousand Rain.

"Blade River Emperor! Blade River Emperor!" the beetle screamed, and its voice spread everywhere.

"Blade River Emperor?" others replied

"What Blade River Emperor?"

"It is, of course, the most unimaginable talent of the human race! Blade River Emperor! Where is he?"

"It's the human!" said the beetle. "The one who confronted Bei Shan knight on the mountain! I was pondering his identity just now. There's detailed information of the Nine-Domain Alliance, and the humans who came here with the tokens are the most incredible talents. It should've been fairly easy to find his information, but I can't. Now I understand why. It's Blade River Emperor. They said Blade River Emperor used the method of beast god to fight Hei Ti emperor. It must be him."

"The human newcomer is Blade River Emperor?"

The powerful ones who were just randomly gossiping suddenly got serious.

Ju Jue Emperor talked to his friends, who couldn't help marveling. "He's Blade River Emperor, unless another super-talent comes out—and it's almost impossible that there are two super-talents. The probability of him being Blade River Emperor is over 99.1 percent."

"It actually is the Blade River Emperor. And he came here as only a sector lord."

"Impressive."

"He didn't even bow down in front of a universe knight. How arrogant is that?"

"Do you think it's possible for such a peerless talent not to be arrogant? He was able to kill an emperor as a sector lord, and he's only human. We all know humans aren't special creatures. The supreme beings of the human race must treat him as one of a kind. The demon race, the automaton race, and the worm race all want to kill him. No wonder he didn't give a damn about Bei Shan Knight. Who is he compared to the demon race, the automaton race, and the worm race?"

"Unbelievable! He's Blade River Emperor."

The news that Blade River Emperor had come to the land of treasures and confronted Bei Shan Knight spread like wildfire.

All the powerful ones of the barbarian race knew about Blade River Emperor, and there were even a few of them who didn't care about the outside but heard the news from their friends. They were all amazed.

"He can kill an emperor as a sector lord? Then can he kill a universe knight when he becomes an emperor? And he's not a special life form, but rather a human?"

He was no special creature, but he was as powerful as one. This was how Blade River Emperor garnered such fame and why the worm race, the demon race, and the automaton race wanted to kill Luo Feng.