Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 954: A Difficult Invitation to Battle

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

A silhouette engulfed in fire walked slowly out of the Sky Wolf Palace.

"Give me the details," the Master of Sky Wolf said, looking down at the snake-shaped creature.

"I bring news," said the snake. "I'm here to tell you first that important information is about to be sent to you."

"Go," the Master of Sky Wolf said.

"Yes."

The snake flew out of the Sky Wolf Palace and teleported itself.

The Master of Sky Wolf stood in front of the palace and received the information from the virtual universe. Although the telecommunication system owned by the demon race couldn't compare to the human race or automaton race, they had built a basic system by plundering parts from others. Besides, creatures who were masters of the universe could easily obtain information from hundreds of millions of lightyears away without any need to access the virtual universe.

Weng!

Among the stars appeared a three-dimensional virtual projection. The Master of Sky Wolf looked at it from afar, watching the confrontation between Luo Feng and Bei Shan Knight in the land of valuables.

"It's him," The Master of Sky Wolf murmured. "I can tell by his eyes."

He had seen Luo Feng before. The speculations made by other super beings of the other races were questionable, but the Master of Sky Wolf was powerful enough to distinguish between the real thing and a forgery. The eyes were the window to the soul, and he could recognize that meddlesome human by those eyes.

"I can't believe he went to the Ancestral God School. It was a smart move, indeed, but I'm a bit surprised the humans are unable to protect him within their race. I'm sure he'll stay in the Ancestral God School for a long time… The worm race and the automaton race might also receive the information. They might even act first. It's going to cost them dearly if they want to kill Blade River Emperor within the domain of the Ancestral God School. I'll let them do it first."

The eyes of the Master of Sky Wolf gleamed as he pondered how to dispose of this individual—this man who possessed the potential to be a great being of the human race.

The Master of Sky Wolf had seen Luo Feng before, and he was sure that the talented human could become an undying. However, it would be exceedingly difficult for him to become a universe knight. It was difficult for anyone to become a universe knight. Like True Yan Emperor, who had been stuck at the last step for an age. Or like Cha Man Emperor, who was every bit as talented as Seven Blade Emperor but couldn't break through even after hundreds of thousands of years of training. And like Zhu Chong Emperor, who was a special life form in the universe—even more powerful than some bona fide universe knights. However, he still couldn't become a universe knight, even with all the resources provided by the Ancestral God School.

Mountain Sitting Guest had once said that rare resources could help the undying make their breakthroughs and become universe knights, but it was a huge price, and success was not guaranteed.

Blade River Emperor was indeed impressive. However, he was still outshone by a special life form like Zhu Chong Emperor.

He must have lots of secrets, thought the Master of Sky Wolf. That's how he killed an emperor limit as a mere sector lord. If he becomes a universe knight, especially a high-level one, he will rival a universe master. Perhaps he will become another heaven erosion palace leader—or maybe even stronger than that. He will pose a greater threat than a universe master by then!

To the enemy races, the idea of universe knights wielding the power of universe masters was, indeed, more intimidating than actual universe masters, as no one could resurrect a dead universe master! However, although universe masters like the Chaos City leader couldn't bring back a universe knight as powerful as the heaven erosion palace leader, the strongest ones of the universe—such as the founder of the Huge Axe dojo—could certainly do that.

A supreme being that could be resurrected at any time… What a threat that was!

"There's a huge hurdle between an undying and a universe knight!" said the Master of Sky Wolf. "If Blade River Emperor can't cross the hurdle but the human race still tries to help him regardless, they might pay a huge price without any reward."

Although the Master of Sky Wolf was worried about the surge in power of Blade River Emperor, this human was far from a real threat at the moment.

"I'll wait and see if the worm race or the automaton race make the first move."

******

The worm race and the automaton race received the message on the same day. Four of the peak races in the universe—humans, automatons, worms, and demons—had territories close to each other, and the wars between them could be bitter and devastating. They would surely try to eliminate any peerless talent as soon as possible.

The automaton race reasoned, "The demons and worms might get to him first. There's no need to rush."

Meanwhile, the worms debated, "The humans must have a plan to protect Blade River Emperor now, and we need to arrange any attack carefully."

The three peak races were the only ones concerned. The other powers that could rival the Hong Alliance were all on the fence. As for the weaker ones like the Nine-Territory Alliance, they would love to see the four peak races destroy each other in battle.

******

On the open-air square in the world of glory.

Luo Feng quickly became friends with many powerful beings.

"The Hong alliance really doesn't have many heirs." Luo Feng couldn't help saying.

"Indeed," Li Li Emperor said with a nod, sitting beside Luo Feng. "But this is only a quarter of us. We humans are rare only because the Ancestral God School distributed their tokens indiscriminately among the races, rendering us at a disadvantage. Besides, the Hong Alliance wants only elites, and those within the alliance are either powerful races or subsidiaries thereof."

Luo Feng nodded. There were several powerful barbarian races within the Hong Alliance, and they all consisted of universe masters.

"We don't have lots of members in the Hong Alliance, and that's why we don't get lots of heirs," Li Li Emperor said.

"The beast god inheritance is only one of the many ways to become stronger," said Cha Man Emperor, shaking his head. "Humans are relatively weak within the Ancestral God School."

Li Li Emperor and Cha Man Emperor were both humans, and the halos on their heads were gone.

"What's most frustrating is that it's so difficult for us to earn glory points," Cha Man Emperor said, shaking his head a second time. "We humans have the virtual universe, which is envied by countless other races, especially in the world of glory. Lots of barbarians won't even challenge us or accept our challenges. You can't earn glory points without enough battles. Thus, we don't have the opportunities to receive the inheritance."

Li Li Emperor brought his wine glass up and said, "We can only challenge others in the Hong Alliance. Few within our alliance share the same level of inheritance, however, and we all know each other pretty well, so we don't challenge those who can beat us."

"Challenge?" Luo Feng said, tilting his head.

He had read the rules in the black book and knew that the world of glory was divided between the open-air square and the world of battle. Glory points could be gained and lost in the world of battle. Each newcomer would have three glory points, and the smallest price to pay for each battle was one. An heir had to send a letter of invitation to battle first, then wait until for an affirmative response before he could engage in a fight. 100 glory points could be exchanged for one inheritance.

"Can you imagine how difficult it is to get 100 glory points without any challenges?" Cha Man Emperor said with a sigh. "Occasionally, there are some who challenge us, but they're ultra-powerful. If we answer to that, either we're at least at the same level, or we're just being stupid."

"It is so difficult to earn glory points," Li Li Emperor agreed.

Thousand Rain Emperor stood to the side, smiling as he said, "Compared to you humans, I'm lucky as I'm not so isolated. However, you can earn glory points only if you win a battle. Otherwise, you'll lose points. If you lose all your glory points, you have to wait for an era to get a new one. If you lose all of them three times, you have to wait for 10,000 eras for another chance. And if you lose them six times, you have to wait for 100,000 eras! So on and so forth! That's why everyone is very careful and will only make a large bet if they are certain they can win. Normally, the wager is only for one glory point per battle, but larger bets will happen under only extreme cases."

Thousand Rain Emperor shook his head and added, "Although there are innumerable heirs here, it's almost impossible to get an extra inheritance through glory points."

"Don't gloat," Cha Man Emperor said. "At least you get challenged."

"Not very often," Thousand Rain Emperor replied. "And most of them are stronger than me."

Luo Feng quietly considered how difficult it was to exchange an inheritance with glory points.

Just then, many heirs of the other races began to notice Blade River Emperor's arrival—or, more specifically, the arrival of "Blade River." On the black book of the world of glory, an arrival time and name, along with a note, always appeared when a newcomer arrived.

Someone glanced at their book, saying, "It says here 'Blade River' is here. And it reads 'human' for the note. It must be Blade River Emperor."

"Hmm. Then that means he is here now."

The barbarians all looked from afar. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"It's impossible for a sector lord to kill an emperor limit only with the law comprehension," someone said. "He must possess invaluable treasures. However, in the world of glory, everyone has the same intensity of godly bodies. Even Zhu Chong emperor has the same constitution as we do. And we must use the weapons provided by the world of glory. Even Zhu Chong Emperor was defeated many times in the world of glory. This Blade River Emperor? A third-level heir?"

"I'll invite him to a battle!" someone spoke up.

"I'll do that too!" another cried out. "It'll be interesting to bully and humiliate this legendary Blade River Emperor!"

"I'll crush Blade River Emperor."

"I'll make him miserable!"

All at once, a plethora of talented heirs from every race were sending battle invitations to "Blade River."

As Luo Feng continued chatting with Thousand Rain Emperor, Cha Man Emperor, and Li Li emperor, he felt the trembling of his floating black book.

"Hold on," he said as he opened it up. His eyes went wide. "Um…?"

The number 10,232 filled the blank beside the "Invitations to Battle," line in the book, and the number was soaring.

Now 12000. 13000. 14000… Now 20000! And still rising rapidly.