Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 957: 620,000 Battles!!!

RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Numerous colorful aurora surrounded Bauhinia Island, and the halos, displaying the mysteries of universe law, constantly diffused up in the sky.

Bauhinia Island was home to palaces of diverse races. In one of the palaces were plenty sculptures of ancient swords. Suddenly, the gate to this palace opened. Out walked out a figure. With eyes as sharp as blades and a mark of seven battle swords between his eyebrows, this man, dressed in purple armor, looked like a battle sword himself.

Shouted two chimpanzee-liked beings from another race shouted at the figure from afar.

"Seven Blade Emperor! Blade River Emperor from the human race is quite something."

"Seven Blade Emperor, did you invite him to fight?"

Seven Blade Emperor had gained a treasure from the Land of Valuables and as a result had become moderately famous on Bauhinia Island. Furthermore, the treasure had been found at a spot reserved by a super being of the Ancestral God School for its inheritors! Mediocre as Seven Blade Emperor might have been in the battles in the World of Glory, he could be very intimidating with his "Seven Blade Inheritance," "beast god great being inheritance," and formidable ability to survive in the real world. His good luck even invoked jealousy from numerous great beings among the human race.

Thanks to the Seven Blade Inheritance, Seven Blade Emperor and Dream Fire Emperor had become two undying-level talents of their generations to be trained intensively by the human race.

The "beast god great being inheritance" had made Seven Blade Emperor's status surpass that of Dream Fire Emperor among the human race. However, many races had no idea what the treasure was, since Seven Blade Emperor had kept the secret to himself. Even the automaton race, a peak race, only knew that he had gained some sort of inheritance.

The Land of Valuables had numerous treasures left by the beast gods of the Ancestral God School, including school-guarding beast gods and beast-god cultivating great beings.

As for what the treasure was, it was difficult to tell. The treasure was not necessarily related to the beast god path. For example, if Luo Feng reached a high status in the future, he could also put some of the treasures he had acquired by chance—and didn't use—in the Land of Valuables for future generations.

Therefore, apart from Seven Blade Emperor and the senior staff of the human race at the Ancestral God School, none of the other factions knew the extent of how amazing Seven Blade Emperor's actual gains would be. Otherwise, no one would have tried to assassinate him.

Seven Blade Emperor laughed with blade-light flashing in his eyes. "Haha! He is also a human. Now that so many great beings of other races have challenged him, why would I invite him to fight? By the way, do you know how many challenges Blade River Emperor has accepted?"

"If you don't know, what makes you think we would? All we know is the number is over 10,000."

Then the two chimp-like beings each took a step greater than 600 miles and disappeared in the distance.

Standing in front of the palace, Seven Blade Emperor murmured to himself, "Over 10,000 battles? Blade River Emperor, the most incredible talent of the human race? I will never admit defeat to Blade River Emperor so easily."

Having acquired his new treasure, Seven Blade Emperor believed that he had outclassed Dream Fire Emperor, thus becoming the best of his generation among humans. But now, Blade River Emperor was in his way.

"During the fight for Sealed Star in the battlefield of the outer regions, you were so insignificant that I barely noticed you," said Seven Blade Emperor. "What a surprise that you are a sector lord. I know that you are madly accepting challenges to fight. For the first time, you have my full attention. I want to see your strength, for you are such a talent of the human race that even my teacher believes you are better than me… I don't know if you are overly confident or just insane to agree to engage in over 10,000 battles. Soon, you will realize that all the heirs here are peerless talents. Even I am only considered mediocre in the World of Glory. You will soon come around to this cruel reality."

******

In the heartland of the Ancestral God School.

The Thunder Beast God Palace was one of the eight palaces for beast gods. The palace was magnificent in appearance, standing taller than 60 million miles. Inside the palace was a time-space containing picturesque scenery including rivers, mountains, deserts, ice fields, and snow.

Deep inside those endless ranges of mountains, a repetitive sound erupted like breathing.

Ha! Hoo!

Ha! Hoo!

The diameter of the time-space exceeded a light year, and every "ha" filled it with pounding thunderbolts. And every "hoo" filled it with roaring winds, destroying numerous mountains, drying up lakes and rivers, and swirling up sand from the deserts. Luckily, there were no other creatures in the whole time-space.

"Who dares interrupt my slumber?" echoed a rumbling voice.

Several peaks of those endless mountains were pushed upward. A gigantic, winged, three-hoofed beast god covered in green hair longer than 50,000 miles, stood up. With every step it took, the earth shook and mountains collapsed.

"Why does the Ancestral God make me manage the trivialities of the school?" it growled. "The other seven beast gods have slacked off and gone elsewhere while I am the only one who has had to stay here for 100 million eras. Alas! How long have I slept? Only 30 million eras. I can leave only after staying for 70 million more eras."

The time-space trembled as the hairy, giant beast god stepped forward.

"Come on in!" Thunder Beast God finally spoke up.

The time-space of the beast god palace opened, and the god-general that had been waiting outside entered the palace.

"Greetings, beast god," said a voice. "I am Blood Fire God-General."

Blood Fire God-General flew across the sky and landed on the peak of a mountain, looking at the beast god—which was much bigger than mountains—from afar.

"I told you not to disturb my sleep unless there was something truly important," said Thunder Beast God, and the airflow that spurted from his nostrils wiped out the surrounding mountains. In the sky, more thunderbolts generated out of nowhere, as if expressing the fury of Thunder Beast God.

Blood Fire God-General saluted the Thunder Beast God and said, "Beast God, this is an important matter."

The operating system of Ancestral God School left the Blood Fire God-General with no choice but to solve many problems himself. The beast gods were so lazy that they didn't even bother to connect their consciousnesses to the World of Glory. Apparently, sharing their consciousnesses irritated the beast gods.

"Speak," Thunder Beast God demanded, looking down on the tiny Blood Fire God-General.

Having inherited the position of a god-general, Blood Fire God-General wielded strength that could rival common universe masters. As for Thunder Beast God, once it had inherited the supreme status of a beast god, its strength would become even greater.

"We have found a universe talent worthy of being trained by Ancestral God School," said Blood Fire God-General.

"A universe talent? You woke me up just for this?" Thunderbolts flashed in Thunder Beast God's eyes.

"He is only a sector lord, yet he can attack and kill an emperor limit," said Blood Fire God-General.

"Hmm?" said Thunder Beast God. "A powerful special organism?"

Thunder Beast God's eyes lit up. The Ancestral God School needed to cultivate great beings as well. For example, great emphasis was put on Zhu Chong Emperor for his cultivation. Once the Ancestral God School appreciated the great beings, things would turn out differently for them. But the issue was, the Ancestral God School was extremely picky. It didn't even care about the so-called peerless talents of the universe like Ke Di.

"No, he is a human," said Blood Fire God-General, "but he was capable of killing an emperor limit even during his sector lord period—even hitting and killing from the front."

Since he took the place of beast gods in managing Ancestral God School, Blood Fire God-General had extensive secret knowledge. When it came to the law of how the universe worked, the Ancestral God School undoubtedly held the most profound understanding.

"Kill from the front? This is against the law of the universe," said Thunder Beast God in a rumbling voice.

With some extremely powerful treasures, it would be possible for a sector lord to kill emperors at the limit level by waging sneak attacks. But from the front? Great beings of emperor limit level would defeat sector lords easily with their soul attacks and godly force attacks.

"According to the intelligence from the Ancestral God School, when he was in Ice Hell, he could conceal his breathing with an invaluable treasure, thus enabling him to fight with emperor limit," continued Blood Fire God-General. "And he could withstand soul attacks and substance attacks. His strength can even kill emperors at the limit level."

"Hmm." There was light in Thunder Beast God's enormous eyes. "He has received special treatment, enabling him to violate the laws of the universe in some respects without being suppressed by the law!"

Thunder Beast God knew very well what this meant.

The universe was fair; strength-enhancing armor such as general armor and king armor placed a great burden on one's body. For instance, only a body that was 10,000 times stronger than a sector lord force could put on the king armor. Even the golden-horned beast could only wear it after cultivating the Nine Volume Manual. Hence, without the incredible Nine Volume Manual, it would be impossible to use general armor, king armor, general soul, and the like.

Without these items, Luo Feng, as a sector lord, was just a common peerless talent who could, at best, rival Ke Di but couldn't kill an emperor limit.

"Violating the universe operation law without being suppressed by it?" said Thunder Beast God in a rumbling voice. "From now on, I will pay close attention to him."

"Thunder Beast God," said Blood Fire God-General. "Because he has killed emperors at the limit level as a sector lord, he enjoys great fame in the universe. But he is a human, after all. What he has achieved is quite stunning, though no other factions understand the implications yet—except the Ancestral God School. Ever since he arrived in Land of Inheritance, many heirs have invited him to fight. Just now, this human accepted all the challenges."

"All of them?" Thunder Beast God was stupefied.

"Yes. All of them. Over 620,000 battles."

"620,000 battles?" said Thunder Beast God. "What's his name?"

"Blade River Emperor!" said Blood Fire God-General. "Apparently, his real name is Luo Feng."

"Let's wait and observe the outcomes of these 620,000 battles, said Thunder Beast God. "His opponents are peerless talents from all over the universe. I want to know how far this human being, who has run against the universe operation rule, can go."

******

In the battle world of the World of Glory, in the endless desert.

Luo Feng was dressed in black armor and a pair of black battle boots and a pair of wings with scales. Wings were the most convenient way for Luo Feng to fly and dodge.

"Though I have not become immortal, I have felt the powerful godly body that is 100,000 times stronger than the force of a sector lord," said Luo Feng, looking at a shadow in the distance.

A silver-gray snake-shaped monster was gradually rising from the desert. Its triangular-shaped head was high while its gigantic godly body appeared indistinct beneath the desert surface.

With a trace of a smile on his face, Luo Feng said, "The first of my 620,000 battles."