Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 960: Kill Him!

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Primal Chaos City Leader had an extremely high status both within the human race and the Hong Alliance, so lots of issues would go to the city leader directly through virtual messages. However, there were different classifications of mail, and the leader would only read the urgent mail. Under ordinary circumstances, the leader would read them when he was free.

Shadow Emperor was in charge of the intelligence department of the virtual universe company and the Hong Alliance. He was one of the universe overlords. The news of Luo Feng, as in Blade River Emperor, was known by the seniors of the human race. Shadow Emperor, of course, also knew about it.

"What?" Primal Chaos City Leader said in surprise, holding the messages. "He won 2,979 times out of 3,000 battles?"

"Yes, Primal Chaos City Leader," Shadow Emperor said with veneration.

"I didn't expect him to achieve that." Primal Chaos City Leader was indeed thrilled. The top ones out of the 90 million heirs were all equals. Luo Feng could either win or lose when he was fighting his rivals.

"Luo Feng has a bright future ahead of him." Shadow Emperor, who was in charge of Hong Alliance intelligence department and known for his indifference and eerie presence, smiled.

"Haha… More than 26,000 battles!" The Primal Chaos City Leader laughed, and his voice echoed in the palace. "If he keeps the winning rate, god knows how many glory points he will earn. He can trade 100 glory points for one inheritance, and he can get numerous inheritances. The Ancestral God School might cultivate a supreme being of our human race this time."

No one doubted that even the demon race, prison race, and other superpowers in the universe thought that if nobody stopped Blade River Emperor, he would grow to be a supreme being of the human race! A terrifying creature! Nobody could tell how long that would take. That was why they needed to kill him before he reached that stage.

"Primal Chaos City Leader, not only could Luo Feng earn a great many inheritances with such a winning rate, but he also shows how deep his comprehension of laws is," Shadow Emperor said with a slight bow. "The bug race, the demon race, and the automaton race will no doubt try to assassinate him in the near future—before Luo Feng can become a universe knight. City Leader, what should we do about it?"

"Assassinate him?" Primal Chaos City Leader nodded and said, "The demon race, the bug race, and the automaton race have all sorts of methods to do that. However, my disciple is now in the Ancestral God School, and they can do virtually nothing about it. The only feasible way for them is to ask the powerful heirs to kill Luo Feng."

"Yes." Shadow Emperor nodded.

The Ancestral God School could not be infiltrated. Peak races like the demon race would rather Luo Feng became a supreme being than risk sending someone to trespass there.

"I'll deal with it," the Primal Chaos City Leader said. "And have some faith in my disciple."

"I'll leave now." Shadow Emperor bowed.

"Go." Primal Chaos City Leader nodded.

Shadow Emperor had become the person in charge of the intelligence department of the Hong Alliance because he was from the virtual universe company. The virtual universe's terrific efficiency of information sharing attracted the other races in the universe to place spies within it and classified communications methods, even though they were often cracked and cost the other races dearly.

That was why he had become the person in charge of the intelligence department of the Hong Alliance so quickly after being in charge of the intelligence department of the virtual universe. His power was so enormous that it could rival the some of the palace leaders within the Hong Alliance.

******

The bug race, the demon race, and the automaton race had stopped observing. The bug race had already come up with a plan to commit the assassination of Luo Feng.

Inside the virtual universe of the bug race.

Surrounded the endless clouds and mist was a beautiful floating island. There lived one bug clan queen after another, all of them with beautiful wings resembling butterflies and transparent bodies like crystals. As they played, their figures were so breathtaking that other creatures could not help but want to protect them.

"Look, it's one of the other races," said one of the queens.

"It's Kong Wan clan from our bug race alliance," said another.

The bug clan queens looked at a figure with prominent cuticles wearing a mask. Dressed in ancient black armor, the powerful warrior from the Kong Wan clan arrived at the center of the island in no time. On the island stood a palace made of wood.

The door opened, and the masked warrior of the Kong Wan clan walked in without being stopped by the guards.

"Greetings, universe master, from Jue Guang of Kong Wan clan," said the masked figure with a bow.

On the wooden throne in the palace sat a beautiful creature that could mesmerize even the most powerful souls. A colorful mist surrounded her.

"Jue Guang Knight," she said. Her voice was clear and melodious. "Do you know what I want you to do for me?"

"I do," Jue Guang Knight answered with veneration. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"Do you have anything to say?" the one sitting on the throne asked.

"Universe master chose me because, firstly, I'm an heir," Jue Guang Knight said. "Secondly, I've decided to give up on the beast god path because I didn't make enough improvements, and I'm planning to follow the path of space and time. Thirdly, I have my alternative bodies. And finally, as one of the Kong Wan clan, I'm proficient in mind control. It'll be most cost effective for me to assassinate Blade River Emperor."

"Yes, you are indeed the most suitable one out of everyone in bug race alliance," said the creature on the throne. "However, you shall pay a huge price. Losing one of the bodies of a universe knight will cost you dearly. Besides, you'll lose the opportunity to inherit and step into the Ancestral God School forever."

Jue Guang Knight stood still, listening respectfully.

"The alliance will compensate you for everything you'll lose," the beautiful creature said. "Do you have any idea how you will assassinate him?"

"Based on what I know, Blade River Emperor has been accepting challenges, and he stays in his palace the rest of the time," Jue Guang Knight said. "An heir has absolute control over its own palace. If anyone dares to trespass, the five-color aurora lake will attack the trespasser and kill it instantly. I can only wait for the human to step out."

"Will you lure him out?" asked the creature on the throne.

"The most tedious way—but also the best way—is simply to wait for the human to step out," Jue Guang Knight said respectfully.

The beautiful creature looked down at Jue Guang Knight and smiled. "You are calm. However, I have to remind you that you had better utilize mind control over Blade River Emperor. Once you take his mind, the humans might turn back time and resurrect him. Of course, you can also choose to kill him directly if you can't control his mind."

"Yes," Jue Guang Knight answered respectfully.

******

Bauhinia Island.

Jue Guang Knight walked slowly while all the other heirs tried to keep their distance from him, showing respect for a universe knight, who demanded deference. Jue Guang Knight was pleased by this. However, he frowned when he saw the distant palace resembling Earth's Jiang Nan.

"I'm a universe knight here," he said. "However, to creatures in my clan and the bug race alliance, I'm nothing compared to that human. The only way to kill Blade River Emperor is to allow myself to be killed by the five-color aurora lake. The most terrifying proposition is to then be confined to living a secret life ever after, or being confined only to the territory of bug race; otherwise, the human race will kill me to revenge their peerless talent… Pathetic!"

Jue Guang Knight felt helpless and hopeless. Even his clan couldn't resist the order of the bug race, let alone him. Perhaps he was indeed powerful on an individual level, but he was nothing compared to the peak creatures of the universe.

******

Two days later.

The shadowy, snake-like creature stood the peak of a mountain and looked down.

"Sacrifice myself to kill him… Master of Sky Wolf promised to bring me back by reserving the time. However, I will lose the opportunity to follow the beast god path forever even if I'm resurrected. Also, I'll be hunted until the end of time by the human race."

He could practically still hear the roaring of the Master of Sky Wolf. "Kill him!"

The automaton race, the demon race, and the bug race had all sent their powerful ones. However, they had all sent knights of other races rather than those from their own races. They had to pay the other races rather than be too tyrannical in their demands. That was the price of preserving the alliance.

******

Time passed, and Luo Feng continued to fight 1,000 battles a day, as was his routine.

The demon race, the bug race, and the automaton race all awaiting the good news. They all knew that humans had already perceived that they would try to assassinate Luo Feng. However, they thought that unless Blade River Emperor hid in his palace or was guarded by a universe knight every time he stepped out of his palace, someone would surely make good on the first chance to kill him.

Rumble!

In the world of battle, Luo Feng, clothed in black armor, flew above a city in ruins. He had black wings on his back, and as he waved his hands, 600 golden balls flew back.

After almost two years and more than 620,000 battles, Luo Feng had finally finished them all.

"All the battles are finished," Luo Feng whispered as he looked at the waves of godly power afar.