Chapter 963: Anyone Who Touches It Shall Be Killed

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

The numerous heirs and universe knights floating in midair all stared at the eye-catching, giant silver wings before the manor gate, all eager to claim them.

"That is a true treasure," said a universe knight. "If I could get one, it would be so valuable that I wouldn't need to come to the Land of Inheritance ever again."

A creaking sound.

Surprisingly, the closed gate to Luo Feng's mansion opened again, startling the numerous heirs in the distance. Wasn't Blade River Emperor dead? Why was his gate opening from the inside?

An emperor-level, undying great being, whose godly body seemed like being carved of diamonds, stood at the gate in green armor. It was Luo Feng's slave, Honed Heart Emperor.

"Heirs," said Honed Heart Emperor loudly. "Blade River Emperor is not dead. You are not permitted to touch his treasure. If any of you touches it, you are essentially stealing from Blade River Emperor. I believe that every heir present understands the rules of the Ancestral God School. The five-color aurora lake protects every heir. If any of you dares to kill another heir, you will be attacked and annihilated. Seizing the treasures from other heirs is just as grievous a crime as assailing and killing them. By doing so, you will also be destroyed."

Tens of millions of heirs looked at Honed Heart Emperor who dared not step out from the manor gate.

The rumbling voice of a demon clan heir spoke up. "Blade River Emperor is not dead? How do you know that? And who are you, anyway? I have never met you on Bauhinia Island before."

"I am Blade River Emperor's soul slave," said Honed Heart Emperor. "I have never left this mansion. If my master Blade River Emperor is dead, then so am I. If I am alive, it means that my master is also alive. I say again, none of you shall touch my master's treasure. If you touch it, you will be stealing from a fellow heir, and the five-color aurora lake will kill you."

Honed Heart Emperor's voice echoed through the air of Bauhinia Island.

Tens of millions of heirs hesitated. If they stole a treasure from a living heir, they would certainly be killed. But if an heir was dead, his treasure would become ownerless and up for grabs to anyone.

Swish!

A figure dove at the silver wings. In the blink of an eye, a stream of black light had arrived at the mansion gate.

"I will make the most out of a bad situation," announced the black, shadowy figure. "Having been trapped in the last step for billions of years without achieving any results, I shall gamble for success this time! I saw with my own eyes that the Blade River Emperor was annihilated. How can I trust the words of someone I don't even know? Humph! As long as the Blade River Emperor is truly dead and I acquire this pair of valuable wings, no other heirs will dare attack me. Besides, my clan members and I can exchange this true treasure for plenty of resources. Perhaps I can even break through the last phase and become a universe knight!"

"Don't!" shouted Honed Heart Emperor.

Some greedy heirs were irritated. "We hesitated, and now he is a step ahead of us!" However, they dared not steal the treasure.

"It is mine!" said the black shadow as he grabbed the silver wings.

The moment his sharp claws touched the silver wings, an invisible force froze the area in a space ripple. Mud Swallowing Knight had not been able to escape from this very force last time; neither could the black shadow.

"No!" said the black shadow as he felt himself locked in the space ripple. He issued a shrill cry. He refused to accept his doom! If he died today, all the treasures he had accumulated over many years would be gone. Even if his clan members resurrected him in the future, he would have lost his opportunity for inheritance. It had already been difficult for him to break through to the last step. He would only be worse off after being resurrected.

Swoosh!

A streak of aurora fell swiftly from the sky. The black shadow dropped the silver wings in his hands, and flew across the sky, trying to escape.

Whiz!

In an instant, the aurora punched a hole through his godly body. And then, like a bubble that had been popped, his godly body vanished. The streak of aurora flew up high again, returning to the endless five-color aurora.

Silence filled all of Bauhinia Island!

"Dead?"

The tens of millions of heirs in midair were dumbfounded. These were the peerless talents of many races, highly confident in their knowledge and abilities. It was impossible for them to blindly believe Honed Heart Emperor's words. Yet they now saw the truth with their own eyes. The five-color aurora had killed an heir for touching the silver wings. That meant…

Blade River Emperor was still alive!

"Blade River Emperor is still alive?" muttered the Light Perception Knight, looking down at the mansion gate from afar. Eyes fraught with astonishment, he said, "How is this possible? He was obliterated! Does he have multiple bodies?" Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

It was very rare to possess more than one body in the universe. Though a second body could be created, the strength and breathing of the second body would differ from the original. As a knight, Light Perception Knight would have quickly been able to tell a phony from the real thing. Apparently, it was the original body of Blade River Emperor, not his second body that had been destroyed.

Light Perception Knight had a hard time accepting the idea. "Multiple bodies? I am bestowed with this technique because I am the sacred son of the Kong Wan race. But he is just a human. How can he have that ability?" "What should I do, now that he is still alive?" Light Perception Knight was very anxious.

******

While the tens of millions of heirs in midair above Bauhinia Island looked at the treasure on the ground in astonishment, a formidable force arrived.

A dragon-like body covered over 6,000 miles. As a pair of giant wings unfolded, and the dragon head of the creature extended and looked downward. Suddenly, the tens of millions of heirs landed on the ground and bowed respectfully.

"Master of the island," they said in greeting.

It was the guarding beast god of Bauhinia Island who had arrived!

The guarding beast god's voice was a guttural rumble. "How dare that universe knight attempt to assassinate Blade River Emperor at the vital center of the Ancestral God School? For blatantly violating the rules of the Ancestral God School, he deserves to be dead—forever! Even if time and space were reversed, and Mud Swallowing Knight was resurrected, the Ancestral God School would hunt him down and kill him again!"

This formidable force terrified the heirs. How brutal the guarding beast god was!

The Ancestral God School would chase and kill the revived Mud Swallowing Knight? Since the guarding beast god delivered the message, it must represent the opinions of the leaders of the Ancestral God School, thus frightening numerous heirs.

"Luckily for me, I didn't make a move first," said Light Perception Knight, shuddering at the thought.

"I can't believe other heirs would try to snatch Blade River Emperor's possession," the guarding beast god said, looking down with cold eyes. "Blade River Emperor's inheritance token is not broken! Of course he is still alive! Although the Ancestral God School is lenient, once a rule is set, it cannot be challenged. For seizing an item from an heir, that thief deserved to die."

******

Meanwhile, in a pavilion of Luo Feng's mansion. There was a cushion on the ground. The cushion had been transformed from the Mosha body and contained the World Ring. Inside the World Ring was Luo Feng's core.

In the vast internal world, a naked, black-haired youth hovered high in the upper at the center of the world.

"I did it again," chuckled Luo Feng. "I can't believe the other races tried to assassinate me at the cost of a universe knight—and the very moment I went out! They must indeed think highly of me. Too bad they failed; they have only wasted a bit of my energy."

A battle uniform condensed over the surface of Luo Feng's body.

After Luo Feng's 620,000 battles, the news that other races were going to assassinate him spread widely. If other heirs suspected an assassination attempt, how could Luo Feng not have known about it?

But he was very confident. Since he could have more than one body, he had nothing to worry about as long as he kept his core in his mansion, the safest place for him. Even if his original earthling body was destroyed, he could be revived. Furthermore, since his soul did not perish, his inheritance token would not be broken, and the five-color aurora lake would know that he was still alive. In that case, he knew that only he could touch his treasure. If anyone tried to take it, they would be attacked and killed by the five-color aurora lake.

In other words, he had nothing to fear. That was why Luo Feng had exited his manor so intrepidly. Since the Tower Pearl guarded his soul, he was not intimidated by soul control. He had wanted to see what tricks the other races had up their sleeves.

"Apart from the universe knight who attacked me, there was another universe knight who appeared suddenly but withdrew at the last moment," said Luo Feng. He shook his head. "Regrettably, after this battle, I believe he will be too afraid to attack me. He now knows it is useless to attack me, and he might even get himself killed for his trouble."

Swish!

Luo Feng left the internal world and arrived at the pavilion of his manor.

******

The formidable guarding beast god silenced the heirs. Suddenly, they saw the silver wings and other treasures left by Blade River Emperor fly toward Luo Feng's manor.

These were the treasures melded by Luo Feng, meaning he could easily summon them. The reason his Mosha body did not gather his treasures was that the Mosha clan could not assemble the General Armor and the General Soul. Only a body with flesh and blood could wear the General Armor, and only the soul of an earthling could use the General Soul.

Of course, his golden-horned beast body could also summon his treasures. However, the golden-horned beast was so enormous that if it exited the internal world, it would fill the sky.

Numerous heirs watched the items fly toward Luo Feng's mansion.

"What?" they said. "Why did the treasures fly inside?"

"Blade River Emperor is not dead," someone said. "Those are treasures melded by him, of course. He can summon them. But we saw him killed and annihilated, how could he…?"

Tens of millions of emperor-level, undying great beings, plenty of universe knights, and even Seven Blade Emperor stared at Luo Feng's residence attentively.

Honed Heart Emperor, who had been standing at the gate without stepping out, bowed with respect. "Master!"

A figure had come out of the mansion: a youth from the human race dressed in silver armor and a pair of silver battle boots. The Shi Wu Wings unfolded behind him. It was Blade River Emperor, back from the dead.

Stunned, the heirs from various races watched Luo Feng as he walked out from his manor. They murmured among themselves in hushed voices.

"It's him! It's the Blade River Emperor."

"He is surprisingly safe and sound."

"Does he have the legendary talent to have multiple bodies?"

Luo Feng bowed to the beast god in the air. "Master of the island," he greeted.

Looking downward, the guarding beast god answered, "Hmm."

The great beings who wanted to kill Luo Feng, Light Perception Knight included, were shocked to see Blade River Emperor die and reappear. They now realized that killing Blade River Emperor was thousands of times harder than they had imagined. Meanwhile, the great beings from the human race, such as Seven Blade Emperor and Cha Man Emperor, along with numerous heirs, now realized that Blade River Emperor was exceedingly strong and mysterious.