Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 966: World Tree

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

The Ancestral God secret region was boundless.

Inside floated a beautiful spring, and the spring water doused the surroundings again and again. A figure walked out of the spring—Luo Feng's Mosha body.

The Mosha body looked around and saw only the floating spring. There were no guards here.

"The Ancestral God School is so confident that it placed the portal here without worrying about it being vandalized by others," he said. "But, on second thought, it seems right. The secret region is the property of the Ancestral God School, after all… Transform."

His bodies changed, and the original earthling body came out while the Mosha body went back inside the World Ring. The original earthling body was much more powerful, especially after completing the third volume. He was able to practice the second form of Shi Wu Wings, which gave him a much higher chance of survival.

"Detector."

Luo Feng turned on both the micro and macro-detectors. Detectors were designed for adventuring in secret regions of the universe instead of the outer-region warzone. Macro-detectors were designed for those hurrying in their journeys through secret regions of the universe. Macro-detectors could identify some celestial bodies afar and remind users to dodge them, making movements much safer. As for micro-detectors, they were used for precise exploring in dangerous places.

Sou!

Luo Feng flew away like a flash of light. After finding that it was temporarily safe ahead, he teleported himself. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

He dodged the hazards cautiously. The celestial bodies inside the Ancestral God School's secret region were peculiar. Some of the colossal ones looked odd. In the normal regions of the universe, most of the celestial bodies were spherical—planets, stars, white dwarfs, neutron stars, and even black holes—but in the Ancestral God secret region, the celestial bodies took on irregular forms. Some of them were like enormous continents. Some were gigantic lakes in space, possibly containing islands. From time to time, Luo Feng could also see floating mountain ranges with waterfalls running over them. It all looked so beautiful and magical, but in reality, it was full of danger.

Luo Feng saw one waterfall whose water could freeze even universe knights and crush their life marks, which could lead to their demise. The water was a rare substance called "Cold Whale Nine-Colored Water." It would be lucky for someone if they could use a treasure like the purple clock or other items to take some of the water. The water could be used in battle and wielded enormous power.

Unfortunately, beneath the Cold Whale Nine-Colored Water lived a terrifying special organism called the Cold Whale. Cold Whale Nine-Colored Water appeared as different colors from different angles—nine colors in total. Some great beings had discovered the nine-colored water when the universe was young and had tried to collect some. However, they had been attacked by the Cold Whale before they could even touch the water, thus losing their lives.

There was only a short description of Cold Whales in the information Luo Feng collected. Only universe masters were their rivals.

******

Heirs were transported directly to the deepest area of the Ancestral God secret region, which was the least dangerous. It was the place where the Ancestral God School trained their heirs. Of course, there would be dangerous if there were some precious of the universe.

On the ninth day of Luo Feng's journey, a beam of light suddenly stopped in the space outside the border of a mountain that was thousands of light years long.

"I'll rest first after nine days of the journey." Luo Feng stood in the space and looked around, spotting the massive mountain. "The celestial bodies in the Ancestral God secret region are indeed very weird. This mountain is more than six thousand light years long, and it's perilous. According to the information I have, there are 201 of them."

Lots of heirs had tried to explore the mountain before. However, only a small part of it was mapped, as it was far too dangerous.

"It should take me around 32 days to arrive and see the World Tree at my speed," said Luo Feng.

Expectation flashed in Luo Feng's eyes. World Tree! The third body of his plan!

Luo Feng had high access authority in the human race and had collected a great deal of information about special organisms. He had researched them, and he had to admit that the Ancestral God secret region had the most special organisms in the universe.

Many mystical and powerful organisms lived in the Ancestral God secret region, such as Cold Whales, the Back Mountain Tremble, and World Trees. They were all special organisms that could rival universe masters. After careful screening and filtering, Luo Feng had decided that he would choose World Tree as his third body. Although there existed some other organisms that would be more beneficial to him, only special organisms at the sector-lord level could suffice. So, Luo Feng had chosen the World Tree.

There were nine World Trees, in total, in the universe. The most powerful one was a universe knight. Its trunk was 7 million miles wide, and it was 370 million miles tall. The tree's canopy had a diameter of over half a billion miles. It was the largest tree-typed special organism in the universe.

There were three undying-level trees, which were only slightly smaller than the one at the universe knight level, at heights of 75 million miles. Below those were five sector-lord-level World Trees, which were 40 million miles tall.

Luo Feng chose World Trees as his third body firstly because of their abilities. World Trees had the ability of manipulation of space and time. They could control the space and time within a set range. Although it couldn't compare to that of universe masters, the power surged as their strength grew. Rumor had it that the universe knight World Tree could manipulate space and time as skillfully as a universe master.

As for the undying-level and sector-lord-level ones, they were much more inferior. However, they could crush those at the same level as them. World Trees had genes that were thousands of times superior to humans. Thanks to their size, they had overwhelmingly mighty godly bodies with terrific amounts of godly power. Only a few creatures dared to engage in combat with World Trees.

Their manipulation of space and time and their enormous size were only two of the advantages. There was a third advantage. A World Tree could amplify and solidify God Country. Luo Feng hadn't managed to find anyone with a World Tree body. However, he had found that Man Tuo General of the Ancestral God School had once taken a twig from the universe knight World Tree and had planted it in his own God Country. The twig had grown into a giant holy tree named Live Tree.

Live Tree could stabilize God Country. The stabler God Country was, the most pressure it could impose on the enemies trespassing in the God Country. Man Tuo General had used it to lure enemies into his God Country. He'd killed many; it was no secret.

Normally, undying fighters in God Country used the pressure to suppress enemies and make themselves several times stronger. With the Live Tree planted in God Country, however, it could make an undying fighter 100 times more powerful and more efficient in stifling enemies.

The Live Tree is indeed magical, thought Luo Feng. World Trees must be a great deal more magical and would further strengthen God Country.

How could Luo Feng not be tempted?

Besides, World Trees can give me an edge in both space and time. Although I'm following the beast god path, I'll need a breakthrough when I actually become one. Also, I might not even finish on the path of beast god. I'll have the opportunity to follow the path of time with a World Tree.

The idea was to follow the path of time and space and became a universe master.

******

Luo Feng pondered his future beside the gigantic mountain. Although his aim was a World Tree, Luo Feng was also worried. No one had ever done this before, according to the intelligence he'd gathered. But it was possible that someone had hidden the information.

Primal Chaos City Leader once said that there was a limit to my internal world, Luo Feng thought. I can't hold the unique organism in my internal world. The World Tree I chose is at the sector lord level—the weakest one.

A species without a breakthrough in its genes hit its limit in size when it became a peak sector lord. Golden-horned beasts were more than a 600 miles long, and they would remain so even when they became undying fighters, universe knights, and even universe masters. The size would only change if the genes were improved. Luo Feng's body didn't change after practicing the Nine Volume Manual with his original earthling body; he remained less than six feet tall.

However, the nine World Trees varied in size. The most powerful one had genes thousands of times superior to those of humans, and it was a top-tier special organism. The three undying World Trees were inferior, followed by the five sector lord World Trees.

Even the sector lord World Trees are better than a twig. The twig became a Live Tree, which is not even a World Tree. I'm just not sure whether I can breed that sector lord World Tree or not.

"Eh, it should be okay," Luo Feng told himself.

He was perturbed, but he also had a strong desire. The manipulation of space and time! A 37-million-mile trunk! How mighty that godly power was!

God Country was the core of an undying fighter. How could Luo Feng not covet the World Tree with all its advantages?