Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 969: Original Real Treasures

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Mosha body observed the five-colored pool and the floating crystal ball. At the same time, inside a canyon 10 billion kilometers away, Luo Feng hid in a cave of the cliff wall, sitting with his legs crossed.

"I'll check where the five-colored pool and crystal ball come from first," said Luo Feng, connected to the virtual universe with his mind.

******

Inside the study room of Luo Feng's manor in Yu Xiang Mountain.

Luo Feng turned on the laptop on the desk and started to search. He uploaded the picture to the internet with his mind.

This was an advantage only humans possessed—the ability to search in the virtual universe whenever they came across danger or unknown treasures. Of course, different humans had different clearance levels. The more mystical the treasures were, the higher the clearance level required. Ever since Luo Feng had become famous under the name of Blade River Emperor, his clearance level had increased higher than the average universe knight.

"Luo Feng! Luo Feng, I've found it!" shouted Babata on Luo Feng's shoulder.

"Huh?" Luo Feng frowned and stared at the screen. He clicked the link on the top, and the virtual universe provided a precise answer to Luo Feng's question.

The five-colored pool, called Five-Colored Abyss Flower, only looked like a pool. However, there was no water inside, and it was composed of five portals leading to the origin point of the universe. It absorbed the five-element original powers and gathered them here. There was normally a "Space Heart" inside the Five-Colored Abyss Flower.

The crystal ball was the Space Heart and could only be formed after an eternity within Five-Colored Abyss Flower. It had 10,081 facets when it became spherical and required a longer time for it to become solid. When it was becoming solid, there would be an evolution of the five elements on its surface. Only after it became a solid and stable crystal without any space cracks would the crystal be completely matured. The Space Heart was only useful after that.

The Five-Colored Abyss Flower was actually five portals—a special phenomenon in the universe—and it couldn't be moved or taken from its current location. As for the Space Heart, it was one of the ingredients for making original true treasures.

"Original true treasures?" Luo Feng was stupefied, as this was another term he'd never heard of.

It certainly couldn't be considered mediocre if it was a true treasure. His star map, tower pearl, and Shi Wu Wings barely crossed the threshold of true treasures, and they were almost useless to universe masters.

I got lucky, thought Luo Feng. No wonder the Ancestral God Secret Region is considered the most magical secret region.

He immediately ran a virtual search for "original true treasures" and "Space Heart," and a plethora of information was soon displayed. Luo Feng scrolled down.

Original true treasures were original-type true treasures. Great beings could be injected with their energies and transform their bodies into godly bodies, but only after they became undying fighters and triggered the law ocean. It was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. With proper training and enhanced power, great beings could also trigger the law ocean and absorb energies. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

However, it was far too slow if they did it after becoming undying fighters. Lots of great beings spent millions of or even hundreds of millions of years to make their breakthrough. Although they could only absorb the energies slowly, they could improve their godly bodies continuously.

Nevertheless, it was common for great beings to burn their undying powers while fighting, especially when the fights were matters of life and death. Once the undying power was burned, it would take a long time to recover, given that they had cultivated for hundreds of millions of years. Fortunately, there were multitudes of treasures in the universe that could help them quickly gain back the undying power, and they might even revive the undying fighters and restore their strengths.

The treasures were useful for undying fighters. Universe knights, however, had unrelenting godly bodies, and once 30 percent or 50 percent was gone, it a huge number of treasures were required for them to recover, which could be tens of thousands of times more than for undying fighters—if not more. Some universe knights spent their entire fortunes and still failed to buy enough treasures.

In the case of battles waged between races and universe masters, it was even more terrifying. A 50 percent loss of a universe master's godly body was a loss for the entire race, even for a peak race like the human race. If Primal Chaos City Leader lost one of his bodies, it would break humanity's heart, given how much energy was required to restore a body belonging to the Primal Chaos City Leader.

Few treasures could restore a universe knight's power. For some universe overlords and universe masters, a specific type of true treasures was exceptionally important: original true treasures.

These treasures were called original true treasures because they were valued by universe overlords and universe masters. They were not used for defense or attack. Instead, they were used by great beings to trigger the law ocean. It was 1,000 times, 10,000 times or even 1 million times faster for great beings to prime the energies in the law ocean, and different levels of original true treasures improved the efficiency at different degrees.

It would take 1 million years for a universe master to fully recover if he was severely injured. An original true treasure, however, could make the energy-absorbing process 100,000 times faster, meaning it would only take a universe master ten years to recover. Ten years was a blink of an eye for a universe master.

Even lower-tier original true treasures, which could only make the process thousands of times faster, were highly desired by the universe overlords. With this type of treasure, burning 10 percent of the godly bodies during a fight was nothing, as it would take a short time to recover if only a small portion of the godly body was turned. With the help of an original true treasure, the body could be restored in no time. These treasures allowed great beings to burn their undying power without worries.

It was clear how valuable these treasures were, but the ingredients required to make them were scarce. Each ingredient could only originate under certain conditions and in special environments throughout the universe, and it took a long time for them to develop and form.

The core ingredients required to make an original true treasure could be divided into several tiers. The lower tier included gold, wood, water, fire, ground, wind, thunder and light, while the upper-tier included time and space. The top-tier included fusion of space and gold and fusion of wood and sky.

Space Heart was one of the high-level ingredients that connected the space law ocean. A Space Heart, together with some additional ingredients, could produce an original true treasure.

******

Inside the floating mountain.

Mosha body stared at the crystal ball, thinking, Original true treasures are normally in the hands of universe overlords and universe masters. This Space Heart is more deluxe, and it might be as valuable as my Shi Wu Wings.

Original true treasures were demanded by the more powerful beings, as the weaker ones could only absorb undying power slowly. As for universe matters, they could absorb undying power terrifically fast, a bit like a whale swallowing everything in its path. However, compared to their unrelenting godly bodies, the average absorbing speed was mediocre. With original true treasures, they could increase their amplification by thousands of times. It was like recklessly robbing energies from the law ocean.

Mosha body shook its head. "I never expected the five-colored pool to not be a real pool at all. I can't get anything out of that. But that crystal ball is a Space Heart."

Mosha body looked at the crystal ball surrounded by space cracks and saw blurry flames and flowing currents of water on it.

"According to the description, it hasn't matured yet," said Mosha body. "It should be completely solidified after maturing. Then the cracks will disappear. I can only take it after it matures."

Mosha body was worried.

How long should I wait? Should I just give it up and move on?

This was a core ingredient of an original true treasure. It was as priceless as the Shi Wu Wings or the star map. How could he give it up?

******

As Mosha body anxiously wondered when the Space Heart would mature…

Sou!

A towering figure appeared on the lake below the floating mountain. It had a huge snake tail and the upper body of a human being. However, its head was shaped like a triangular prism and bore three faces—all of them hideous by human standards. It had two muscular arms covered in scales, one of which held a black scepter.

"It's been 3,000 eras since I discovered the Five-Colored Abyss Flower, and the Space Heart is already formed. Many whirlpools have been formed in the surrounding space, and scores of heirs have tried to get in. But all were killed… by me."

"I need to be careful," said the towering figure. "I must come here for an inspection every day and kill any heir to make sure the news won't be leaked. Although most heirs wouldn't recognize a Space Heart even if they saw one, words would still spread. They might attract some universe overlords and even guarding beast gods. After all, with the chance of acquiring an original true treasure, everyone would want to come here. But it belongs to me and me only. My surviving abilities and fighting power will be largely increased after I harvest it. I won't need to worry about burning my godly body anymore."

It checked the cone-shaped mountain first, then used its undying power to probe all 10,081 wormholes. If it found any heirs, it would kill them.

"Time to see if my Space Heart has matured yet."

Black specter in hand, the towering figure flew to the floating, cone-shaped mountain.