Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 972: Talent Techniques

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

The jubilant Mosha body didn't bother to care about the knight's reaction.

Swoosh!

The instant Mosha body dove into the golden pool, he sensed the distortion in space. He had entered an abysmal passage filled with dominant Godly Force of Gold and leading him rapidly to the Land of Origin—the Ocean of Gold Laws.

Boom!

As Mosha body was about to reach the Land of Origin, an irresistible power from the universe suppressed him and "kicked" him out of the passage.

******

Mosha body rolled, then stood in the air. He was in a void. In the distance were some irregular astronomical objects, including some giant, desolate meteorites and floating pieces of broken continents.

"Where am I?"

Mosha body immediately checked the universe coordinates and was pleasantly surprised when he saw the data. He had been ejected while on his way to the Land of Origin and had instead arrived at a void only a few light years away from the place that had been breeding the Space Heart.

"I'm several light years away from that mysterious place," he said, "but luckily, this is close to Nine Remoteness Space. Ha! Not only did I waste no time, but I actually saved a lot of time. Now, regarding this transformation…"

Mosha body was filled with joy. He couldn't wait any longer and began to examine the changes in himself carefully. Even if he could somehow acquire the Space Heart itself, he still wouldn't have been as exhilarating as he was at this moment. After all, the applications of Space Heart would have been limited until Luo Feng's strength reached a certain level. But as Mosha body clenched his fists, the formidable power it produced trembled the void.

"Break!"

Mosha body casually swung his right hand, which formed a claw shape, and tore through the void.

"Haha! This power is mighty…" he said. "And awesome!" nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Previously, Mosha body had only had the strength of a pinnacle sector lord. His strength was so weak that he could only fight against official-level undying fighters with the help of his profound law comprehension.

"I am 100 times more precise than before!" Mosha body said, his eyes bright with excitement.

What was the reaction accuracy of a great being? Mosha body was sure that his strength had reached a stage 100 times stronger than the force of a sector lord. Among the billions of lineages in the universe, even the space beasts from the Twelve Pinnacle Lineages, like the golden-horned beast, were only ten times stronger than the force of a sector lord. Now that Mosha body had gained power 100 times stronger than that of a sector lord, he had reached the level of an average special organism.

The Space Heart had elevated him to the level a special organism. Of course, such a transformation could be attributed to Mosha body's life characteristics. The weaker the Mosha body was, the greater the effect the Space Heart could exert upon him during his transformation.

"As far as I know, it is complicated to enhance the life gene level," Mosha body said to himself. "Even by using all kinds of treasures, few great beings from the human race can improve ten times. The same probably applies to the Mosha clan. I can't believe my Mosha body has enhanced 100 times. But perhaps this should come as no surprise. A Space Heart is, after all, the core of original true treasures."

In fact, within the Mosha clan, the great beings on the senior level would use such life gene level enhancing treasures as the Space Heart to improve themselves. The effects on them, however, were not as pronounced as they were on Luo Feng. Perhaps only a once-in-a-billion-year, incredibly talented sector lord would be eligible to use such treasures.

Mosha body deployed his teleportation.

Swish!

Mosha body blended into the void and reappeared 60 million miles away.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

He kept teleporting himself to different places.

"Wow! My teleportation doesn't induce changes in space ripples? Hah!"

As soon as Mosha body stopped, he couldn't help but laugh heartily within the void. World level teleportation was normally like diving into space ripples rigidly and reappearing in the distance. Other great beings could easily sense the unusual changes of the space ripples. For instance, world levels were easy to be found once they teleported within the Ice Hell. However, things worked differently for universe knights. With thorough control of space laws, they could blend into space ripples seamlessly without causing any unusual changes. And when they reappeared in the distance, the space ripples would remain as expected. For example, when Luo Feng had stolen the black metal board and the Purple Knight appeared behind him via teleportation, Luo Feng hadn't been able to notice his presence. A universe knight could teleport over 1,000 light years without causing the slightest fluctuation, whereas world level teleportation would induce abnormal changes by teleporting one light year or so. This was the distinction between the two kinds of teleportation!

"My teleportation no longer invokes changes in the space ripples," Mosha body said, delighted. "I have never felt so closely connected to space as I do now. I felt like I was integral to space when I was in the central region of the cone-shaped mountain, but that intimate feeling has become clearer as I teleport at this moment."

Mosha body integrated himself entirely into the space ripples and reappeared in the distance. If Mosha body had been favored by space before, he was now what would be considered a "space special organism," who could seamlessly integrate himself into space 10,000 times better than before.

"The distance of the space ripples that I can sense has also changed," said Mosha body joyfully. "I feel like I can teleport over 100 light years without causing the slightest fluctuations. Haha!"

Mosha body was exuberant. But he also knew what he had achieved was to be expected, for he had completely absorbed the essence of the Space Heart, thus becoming an incredible special organism. Special organisms like Silver Eyes were not only enormous in size but had numerous fascinating methods.

"Let me see the last method," said Mosha body with a bit of anticipation in his eyes.

When the Life Crystal imprinted the second set of law engravings, Mosha body realized that he had gained another talent technique. Since he had never exerted this talent technique before and was not clear on its true power, but the talent techniques of special organisms were unique and dominant. If Luo Feng's gene-level transformation—a result of cultivating from the Nine Volume Manual—could be considered artificial transmutation, then Mosha body's conversion was more like natural evolution, which fit more comfortably within universe law!

No matter how much Luo Feng's earthling deity and the golden-horned beast improved themselves, they would not attain another talent technique. But since Mosha body's life crystal had been imprinted with a set of law engravings, he had gained one more talent technique.

"Begin," said Mosha body and activated the new set of law engravings inside himself.

Buzz!

Instantly, everything within 6,000 miles of Mosha body was controlled by him. How fascinating it was to have absolute control over the surrounding space.

Eyes filled with excitement, Mosha body said in a low voice, "I am space… Space is me… This is my domain!"

The moment he deployed this talent technique, a large number of messages sent from the law engravings appeared in his head. This new talent technique was called "Domain!"

"Deity," Mosha body said.

Buzz!

Suddenly, vague golden lights appeared in the void. Amid the golden lights stepped a figure. It was Luo Feng in silver armor and silver wings. Mosha body and Luo Feng looked at each other and smiled.

The deity of Luo Feng brought out Ji Hong Emperor from the World Ring.

"Greetings, my lords," Ji Hong Emperor greeted Luo Feng's deity and Mosha body. Due to the connection of their souls, he felt that both of them were his masters.

"Lock down the surrounding space within one million miles," Luo Feng's deity commanded.

"Yes," Ji Hong Emperor answered respectfully.

As the godly force diffused, the surrounding space locked swiftly. The regular space ripples had paused.

"My lord, the space ripples within one million miles have been locked," said Ji Hong Emperor with respect. "Teleportation is prohibited within this range."

The deity of Luo Feng looked at his Mosha body and laughed.

Eyes closed, Mosha body once again enjoyed deploying his newly-gained talent technique, "domain." Once he exerted domain, he could thoroughly dominate the space 6,000 miles around him.

Mosha body revealed a smile.

Swish!

He vanished and reappeared 3,000 miles away.

"What?!" Ji Hong Emperor stared at him with surprise.

As Mosha body flickered, he appeared 6,000 miles away.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Mosha body shifted his locations continuously, moving freely—as if the space lockdown didn't exist.

"How is he able to teleport?" Ji Hong Emperor asked, utterly bewildered.

The principle of teleportation was to blend into space ripples and reappear in a far-off location via the space ripples. Once space ripples were locked, it meant that no one could teleport. Not even universe knights could violate this law. Before using this talent technique, Mosha body could easily integrate himself into space ripples without causing any fluctuations, but it had been impossible for him to vanish under the circumstances of space lockdown.

"This is domain," said Mosha body. "In domain, space is me, and I am space. I am integral to space. By blending into space, I can instantly turn into space anywhere within 6,000 miles, then reappear."

Mosha body was full of joy. It was not teleportation that he had just displayed, but a new, two-step transportation process. Firstly, he turned himself into the space with a range of 6,000 miles! Secondly, he changed himself back into Mosha body, with the ability to choose any spot within the 6,000-mile range to reappear. Domain was an incredible method that was unrestricted by any lockdown. Within the domain, Mosha body could be anywhere.

"The Talent Techniques of special organisms are marvelous," mused Luo Feng. "Like the 'endless reincarnation' of Silver Eyes. Once glared at by his eyes, many great beings would die. Another example is Zhu Chong Emperor, a unique organism that has even destroyed universe knights. His talent techniques must be even more terrifying." Luo Feng nodded. "Mosha body's new talent, 'domain,' is not a method for striking attacks directly. If he wants to attack, he still needs to rely on law comprehension and creating techniques. But domain is, indeed, a top-notched method for assassination, escape, and adventure. Tut. With this talent technique, Mosha body is bound to be an assassin!"