Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 975: Bark Mirror Emperor

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Inside a remote, quiet cave on Rock Island, shock filled Luo Feng's eyes.

"It must be the most powerful World Tree!" he said.

Luo Feng could completely empathize with the terrible attack Mosha body had suffered and the desperation he felt. It was like an almighty being killing an ant, and Mosha body was the ant. It had to be the most powerful World Tree. Only it was capable of doing this.

"He attacked me," said Luo Feng. "Although he's only a universe knight, he has the power of a universe master with its identity as a special organism. Plus, there's his colossal size. He attacked Mosha body."

Luo Feng found it difficult to believe. His original plan was for Mosha body to show up instantly, grab a leaf, and teleport himself to escape. The time that elapsed was only a blink of an eye. Even undying World Trees shouldn't have been able to stop him.

"All I took was a twig and a leaf, and that explosion only caused a minor injury to that World Tree. Was it really necessary to kill me? And for the World Tree to intervene personally?"

Luo Feng was full of grievances. He had finally, almost, had the twig and the leaf that would make it possible for him to breed his third body, after which he could have his breakthrough and immediately become an undying fighter. However, he seemed to have run into a major obstacle!

"I never expected the most powerful World Tree to meddle. My Mosha body has already been killed twice. That World Tree must be alert, now. What should I do?"

Luo Feng was anxious. He started to contemplate this problem, and the more he thought about it, the angrier he got.

"Why didn't you just let me have that twig and leaf?" he muttered. "That World Tree has a crown 60 million miles wide. A single leaf is nothing to it. Do you really think it's worth it?"

Luo Feng was mainly worried about the most powerful World Tree now—a creature that could rival a universe master! It had the talent technique of "manipulation of space and time," and with the most powerful World Tree's strength, it could control sky and land just as well as a real universe master. It must have also excelled at "time pause," and perhaps it could even reverse time.

As long as the most powerful World Tree was in his way, Mosha body didn't stand a chance of breaking free. Not if time was completely stopped.

"What should I do?" wondered Luo Feng.

******

Little did Luo Feng know, the most powerful World Tree was a father, and the other eight World Trees surrounding it were its sons. Like any ordinary tree planted in the soil, as time passed, saplings would naturally begin growing around it.

The most powerful World Tree, as a special organism, allowed some saplings to grow around it. A single twig could grow into a powerful Life Tree. As the most powerful World Tree, with endless life force, it had a mighty life origin. It grew eight saplings around it because it felt lonely, and it gave a portion of its essence from its life origin to the eight saplings, a bit like the Space Heart giving its essence to Mosha body.

The most powerful World Tree would rather give up some of its potential to nurture its eight saplings. It was like a father taking care of and cultivating its eight children. And since, like most trees, World Trees innately didn't like to move, they had spent an eternity together. It was far more caring for its eight children than fathers of other races in the universe.

In this way, it was understandable that it was so protective of its children.

******

In the cave of Rock Island.

Several plans that had entered Luo Feng's mind had a chance to succeed, but none offered guaranteed success.

"Mosha body has been successfully bred," he said, sensing—in the Primal Secret Region of the Human Territory far away—his internal world had successfully bred Mosha body.

After only a few seconds, a blurry golden light flashed from God Country Transportation. It spent only a few seconds traveling from the Human Territory to the Ancestral God Secret Region.

Sou!

Mosha body stepped out and landed in the cave.

"Go."

Mosha body teleported himself and disappeared again. He showed up in the sky of Nine Remoteness Ocean and could see Tree Island in the distance.

"I'll choose the most conservative approach, with the highest chance to succeed."

Mosha body disappeared again.

******

Among the seeds floating on Tree Island, another seed had joined in silence.

The seed cluster slowly floated toward the World Trees.

"I'll spend another five months getting there, and I'll land beside World Trees again," Mosha body murmured. "Then I'll let a pinnacle emperor slave throw a flame origin crystal and grab a twig and leaf. The pinnacle emperor might be killed in the end! However, those World Trees will regard my pinnacle emperor slave as the head. After the fight, there'll be twigs and leaves flying everywhere, and lots of them will be outside the halo. That's when my seed cluster will land on one of the leaves. Then I'll teleport myself with a leaf. Ha! Even the most powerful World Tree with the power of a universe master can't do anything because it can't identify the special seed cluster."

This was the new plan. Using a pinnacle emperor slave as a distraction to blast away a great number of twigs and leaves.

******

Time passed, and the seed cluster containing Mosha body floated along with the wind.

To the superior, most powerful World Tree, what had just happened was nothing but a brief interlude. After all, many heirs adventured in Nine Remoteness Space, and Mosha body trying to snatch a twig was hardly a threat. And many heirs had the power to kill his sector-lord offspring.

The most powerful World Tree's only priority was to protect its children's trunks. As long as the trunks were safe, twigs and leaves could be quickly recovered.

"I'll just go with the wind, and I'll arrive there in a month or so."

The seed cluster floated with the wind, hiding among other floating seeds on the beautiful Tree Island.

******

In the area outside Nine Remoteness Space.

Sou!

Seven great beings from different races and suddenly showed up. One was crawling, with a godly body of 6 miles. It was the largest. The smallest one was less than two feet tall, including its wings.

"It's Nine Remoteness Space," said the first.

"We've arrived!" said the small one.

All seven great beings from other races looked at Nine Remoteness Space, all filled with great expectations.

"So fast. It only took us the time of a meal to arrive here." Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

"And it's all thanks to Here Crow Knight's teleportation. Each time, he can teleport hundreds of or even thousands of light years farther, and we jumped over countless dangerous areas. Without Here Crow Knight, it would have taken a much longer time to arrive at Nine Remoteness Space, and we may have run into danger."

"Yes, it was all thanks to Here Crow Knight."

Suddenly, a piercing voice rang out, "Yes, we all need to thank Here Crow Knight."

The other great beings went quiet upon hearing the voice. The great being who had spoken was covered in scales full of engravings. He stood there, slightly arching his back. His hands and feet were hooked claws. His hair and eyes were golden, and his voice was enough to shut the other great beings up.

"Am I correct, Here Crow Knight?" the great being asked, looking at Here Crow Knight.

Here Crow Knight was twenty feet tall with six pairs of black-feathered wings. There was a blood-red light dimming on his body; his mouth was like a blade, and his eyes were crimson. He was the same Here Crow Knight of the 100 million heirs on Bauhinia Island.

Here Crow Knight grinned. "I can only help on our way here. Now, we depend on you, Bark Mirror Emperor."

"Nine Remoteness Space is filled with dangerous places," said the largest one. "We'll have a higher chance of surviving with you by our side, Bark Mirror Emperor."

"Yes!" said the tiny one. "We've been stuck in an eternal loop! Lots of heirs wanted to go with you when they knew you were coming to Nine Remoteness Space. If we're lucky enough to discover some valuables, you and Here Crow Knight should select first."

"Depending on our contributions, Bark Mirror Emperor should pick first," another spoke up.

Of the seven great beings, one was a universe knight and the other six were undying heirs. Here Crow Knight was the universe knight, and Bark Mirror Emperor was one of the undying heirs.

"Haha! Relax," Bark Mirror Emperor laughed. "It shall be determined by our contributions respectively. I won't take what should belong to you."

Here Crow Knight laughed, too, as did the other five great beings.

Bark Mirror Emperor is famous for his insanity, ruthlessness, and greed, Here Crow Knight thought. If it weren't for his incredible inspection skill, I wouldn't have brought him here. As for the other five undying heirs? How can I let true treasures fall into their hands? But I do need to be careful of this Bark Mirror Emperor. I don't want to become a stepping stone beneath his foot.

Here Crow Knight dreaded Bark Mirror Emperor. Bark Mirror Emperor was ranked in the top ten among all the undying heirs!

Since the beginning of the universe, there had been heirs arriving and being eliminated on Bauhinia Island. As time went by, the vast majority of them were at the normal level, whereas those ranked in the top ten were the best of the best. Zhu Chong Emperor, as a special organism, was only ranked third.

Bark Mirror Emperor was also a special organism, with its life level 2,000 times more powerful than ordinary life forms! Plus, he had two distinctive talent techniques. He had been admitted to one of the superpowers in the universe, the Northern Territory Alliance, and had been given a true treasure and a treasure. He was relatively weaker than Zhu Chong Emperor, but he was powerful enough to fight many universe knights.

"Let's go into Nine Remoteness Space," Bark Mirror Emperor said. "Let's go to the safest place, Rock Island, first."

"Okay, let's go."

Here Crow Knight cast teleportation, and they arrived at Rock Island instantly.