Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 978: Nine Remoteness Whirlpool

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Deep in Nine Remoteness Ocean, each drop of water was as heavy as a mountain, but Luo Feng and Bark Mirror Emperor shot like missiles through the depths.

"Blade River Emperor, there's no way you can escape!" Bark Mirror Emperor roared insanely. "Haha! You're good at escaping and resisting soul attacks, but unless you have a flying-palace true treasure, I refuse to believe you can defend yourself against my material strike! Die!"

Hong!

Bark Mirror Emperor waved his paws, and a stream of terrifying undying power manifested as a blurry gray beam that shot toward Luo Feng, still trying to escape by changing his directions irregularly.

Luo Feng was startled. "Damn it…!"

Although Bark Mirror Emperor followed the warrior path, releasing undying power was a rather easy way to attack. Normally, it was relatively weak, but Bark Mirror Emperor had extraordinary undying power, which he was currently burning. Even this weak tactic would be enough to kill Luo Feng if he was hit.

There were many kinds of true treasures. Sky Wolf Palace and Star Tower belonged to the "flying palace" category of true treasures.

When it came to avoiding a fight, such true treasures would come in handy. If Luo Feng were able to hide inside Sky Wolf Palace, enemies couldn't hurt him even if they bombed Sky Wolf Palace continuously.

Unfortunately, I don't have that kind of true treasure, thought Luo Feng.

He maintained his high speed, and each time his Shi Wu Wings shook, the shockwave resulted in great space turbulence.

Hong!

A pillar of undying power cut through the ocean. Space turbulence and erupted to Luo Feng's right.

"I've dodged it," Luo Feng thought, relieved. His high-speed changes of direction made him difficult to hit.

"Haha!" Bark Mirror Emperor laughed. "I was right. You don't have flying palace-type true treasures. Blade River Emperor, you're relying on your wings to escape and your soul true treasure to resist soul attacks. Unfortunately, you don't have a true treasure to defend yourself against a material strike. You're doomed. Let's see how many more times you can dodge it!" Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Hong! Hong!

Two pillars of undying power were fired at Luo Feng. There was no law comprehension in them; on the contrary, they depended on burning, undying power that could rival universe knights.

Madness filled Bark Mirror Emperor's eyes. "I can't catch up with you, but my undying power can!"

He was far stronger than Luo Feng and chased him as if trying to swat a troublesome insect. The insect may have been agile and armed with soul true treasures, but if Bark Mirror Emperor used pure undying power to crush him…

Unless Luo Feng had a true treasure like Sky Wolf Palace, he would have no chance of survival!

Should I summon Mosha body back? Luo Feng wondered, still changing his directions irregularly.

A pillar of undying power flashed beside him while the following one clipped the edge of his wing, spinning Luo Feng around. He was stunned but still managed to change directions again rapidly, making the best of Shi Wu Wings.

Although Mosha body has the talent technique "domain," it only works on the body itself—it can't carry me, Luo Feng thought.

This was the limitation of domain. It was a completely different skill than teleportation. One could teleport along with other life forms and enter a space ripple together, reaching faraway places instantly. But domain was limited to within a diameter of 6,000 miles of Mosha body.

Domain was achieved when Mosha body merged with space, then turned back into Mosha body. Luo Feng's original body couldn't do that—unless, perhaps, he entered the World Ring and let it be carried by Mosha body.

However, with Bark Mirror Emperor's permeating undying power, he had no chance of getting into his World Ring.

******

"Escaped again?" Bark Mirror Emperor smiled smugly. "I didn't expect you to dodge my attacks twice. Those wings aid you well in your escape. Let's see if you can dodge it for the third time!"

Bark Mirror Emperor's madness intensified as he began to condense a mass of tempestuous undying power.

Undying power needed to be condensed in order to be forceful. If it was dispersed among a 600-million-mile area, it was feeble and could only be used for detection instead of attacking. When undying power couldn't be condensed further, it formed a godly body.

"Undying power into threads!" roared Bark Mirror Emperor. "Cage!"

Bark Mirror Emperor reached out his paws, and suddenly, thousands of undying-power threads shot out in pursuit of Luo Feng. Each of the threads was as concentrated as possible, like Bark Mirror Emperor's godly body.

The move had consumed 10 percent of Bark Mirror Emperor's godly body. Since the start of the battle, all his other moves had only cost him 1 percent, but this single move, producing thousands of threads, required an immense quantity of undying power.

"There's nowhere to run!" Bark Mirror Emperor seethed. Two true treasures awaited him after he defeated Blade River Emperor! He could even escape universe overlords if he had those two!

Hong!

In an instant, a giant whirlpool appeared before them, producing a massive, tearing current.

Bark Mirror Emperor turned toward the whirlpool, astonished. "What?"

As Bark Mirror Emperor watched, a towering red figure emerged from the whirlpool. Two bloody horns protruded from its head. The figure leveled its gaze at Bark Mirror Emperor.

"Other races," growled the horned figure. "How dare you roam the Nine Remoteness Ocean. Die!"

"A Nine Remoteness Whirlpool!" said Bark Mirror Emperor. "And a great being… in a Nine Remoteness Whirlpool?"

He was well aware of the dangers of the Nine Remoteness Ocean, the deadliest of which being Nine Remoteness Whirlpool. But he had never expected the whirlpool to appear out of nowhere or for a great being to reside within it. He could sense the horned figure's energy. It was a universe knight. And it was superior to him.

Hong!

A burning, bloody light from the horned universe knight shrouded Bark Mirror Emperor.

"Begone!" Bark Mirror Emperor cried, manipulating the threads of undying power against the bloody light.

It would have been easy to kill Blade River Emperor with these threads, but the great being in front of him was his real enemy. Thousands of threads, making up of 10 percent of his godly body, coalesced into a spear flying toward the bloody light.

Hong! Long!

The two forces crashed and exploded in the water, each dispersing in the aftermath.

"You've got some skill," the universe knight said, a bit surprised.

"Die!" Bark Mirror Emperor roared as he cast his talent technique. "Silence!"

Silence engulfed the area around them, and a soundless shock wave ripped forward and slammed into the universe knight in the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool. But nothing happened.

"Haha!" the universe knight chuckled. "A soul attack is useless to me!"

The towering figure with its bloody horns roared and hurled himself at Bark Mirror Emperor.

"You can do nothing to me," Bark Mirror Emperor scoffed.

The thousands of threads had consumed 10 percent of his godly body while the strike from the enemy had cost him less than 2 percent. Although Bark Mirror Emperor knew he was weaker than this great being, he was unafraid.

"It's no wonder only one in 100 universe knights survives the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool," said Bark Mirror Emperor. "Is anyone who shows up here as powerful as this universe knight? I'll disregard him now. I can't beat him, but I'm faster than he is."

Bark Mirror Emperor turned around and continued to chase after Luo Feng. The towering figure with the bloody horns raced forward in pursuit.

Sou!

Sou!

Bark Mirror Emperor was proficient in tracking and hunting and possessed unparalleled speed when he accelerated. Luo Feng, even after casting the second form of Shi Wu Wing, couldn't match Bark Mirror Emperor, and neither could the universe knight.

******

"I'll kill you, Blade River Emperor!" roared Bark Mirror Emperor, right on Luo Feng's heels. "Then I'll escape."

He waved his paws, and threads of undying began to concentrate again.

"Fight!"

Luo Feng had been lucky that the bloody-horned figure showed up and forced Bark Mirror Emperor to manipulate his threads to deal with the real threat. But now, Bark Mirror Emperor knew he was not the universe knight's match and resumed focusing on killing Luo Feng.

Luo Feng had no time to think. His erratic movements had brought him back around, almost in a full circle. He shook his wings and dove directly into Nine Remoteness Whirlpool.

Hong! Long! Long!

Nine Remoteness Whirlpool possessed an incredible tearing, all-consuming current. Luo Feng was sucked inside the moment he touched it.

******

Bark Mirror Emperor saw Blade River Emperor dive into Nine Remoteness Whirlpool just as he finished condensing his threads.

"No!" he shouted in exasperation.

Bark Mirror Emperor was powerful, but even he didn't dare to go into the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool. As for Luo Feng, he could only resort to taking this last-ditch effort. Bark Mirror Emperor's only choice now was to flee for his life from the horned universe knight.

"My two true treasures!" Bark Mirror Emperor growled through clenched teeth, flying out of the ocean and up in the sky.

******

Hong!

The bloody-horned figure of the universe knight stepped out of the ocean and onto the rolling waves. It looked up just in time to see Bark Mirror Emperor teleport and disappear.

The universe knight smirked. "Was it something I said?"

The bloody-horned figure reentered the ocean and swam back down, approaching the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool. Without hesitation, it dove into the whirlpool.

******

Above the ocean.

Here Crow Knight remained behind a moment longer. He had been watching the fight and was terrified.

"Everyone says the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool is the portal to the core of Nine Remoteness Ocean," he said. "There must be a group of great beings living there. The one that just showed up was stronger than me, and it comes from a race that's immune to soul attack. That human, Blade River Emperor, went directly into Nine Remoteness Whirlpool. Now he's dead, and his true treasures shall be lost forever in the core. What a pity!"

Coldness flashed in Here Crow Knight's eyes. "But at least Bark Mirror Emperor doesn't have them…"

He gazed at the whirlpool afar. Although the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool had appeared out of nowhere, it was still there now, and it was likely to remain there for a long time… And it somehow felt enticing. As if it were luring Here Crow Knight to come in.

"Too risky," said Here Crow Knight, shaking off the strange feeling. "A portal that appears out of nowhere and isn't God Country Transportation… No wonder it's the most dangerous place of Nine Remoteness Space."

He teleported himself and disappeared.