Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 981: Celebration

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

In a world permeated with blood-red mist.

I didn't expect the entire Nine Remoteness Space to belong to Nine Remoteness Master, Luo Feng thought, hiding in the grass. Nine Remoteness Master is invincible here. Is it because this special environment helps with his amplification?

Luo Feng pondered the possibilities. This was all far beyond his understanding.

"Hmm," he muttered. "Why are they looking for me?"

Luo Feng connected to World of Glory with his mind.

******

In the open-air square of World of Glory.

All the heirs looked to Luo Feng, who had just shown up.

"Look, it's Blade River Emperor."

"Blade River Emperor showed up. He's incredible! It's difficult to kill him with his talent clone technique."

Luo Feng felt a bit awkward being stared at like this.

Why are they all staring at me?

These heirs were all peerless talents, and his 620,000 battles were things of the past. He had entered the World of Glory plenty of times before, but only a small portion of the heirs noticed him then. Now, everyone was staring at him as if he were a treasure to be claimed.

"Blade River!" Cha Man Emperor yelled from a corner.

Luo Feng walked toward him, attracting attention everywhere he walked. All the heirs were speaking in low voices while staring at him. He was further perplexed.

"Blade River Emperor, do you still have your true treasure, the wings?" a voice called out.

Luo Feng glanced at the heirs from other races. Many were grinning and shouting at him. They were from Northern Territory Alliance, and their faces, covered with cuticles, disgusted Luo Feng.

Luo Feng sat down at the table with Cha Man Emperor, Li Li Emperor, and Thousand Rain Emperor, all of whom were his closest allies among the heirs from Hong Alliance. "What's going on?" he asked.

Cha Man Emperor blocked the sound around them and started to whisper. "Blade River, I heard you were hunted by Bark Mirror Emperor and got trapped in Nine Remoteness Whirlpool. Is that true?"

Luo Feng was shocked. He'd only been trapped there for a short while. The news had spread quickly.

"So it's true?" Thousand Rain Emperor asked, surmising the truth from the expression on Luo Feng's face.

Luo Feng nodded. "Yes."

There was no need to hide the truth if everyone already knew.

"You're really trapped in the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool?" Thousand Rain Emperor continued. "That place… Even a universe knight is unlikely to survive there."

Li Li Emperor and Cha Man Emperor, who sat beside him, gazed worriedly at Luo Feng. Cha Man Emperor added, "They say you were hunted, and your true treasure, the set of wings, was left in that dangerous place."

"Where did you guys hear this?" Luo Feng couldn't help asking.

"The heirs are talking about it in the square," Cha Man Emperor answered, "and after a short while, everyone knew. I heard you were chased by Bark Mirror Emperor and you resorted to diving into the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool."

"Did you really die in the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool?" Li Li Emperor asked.

Many heirs presumed that Luo Feng had already died once and had resurrected himself using his clone technique, leaving his true treasure abandoned there.

Luo Feng shook his head. "I was trapped in the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool, but I didn't die immediately. I unintentionally entered a dangerous world, and I'm still there, just struggling to survive. It seems you guys knew about it immediately after I got trapped. Word spread pretty quickly…"

It must have been Here Crow Knight or Bark Mirror Emperor or their sidekicks who had spread the news.

"Where did the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool lead?" asked Cha Man Emperor.

"How dangerous is it?" Li Li Emperor asked.

Thousand Rain Emperor just stared at Luo Feng.

This was classified information. Secrets about this place were considered invaluable intelligence that should not be leaked. Only information about places that could be easily discovered by the heirs was made public.

"It's dangerous," said Luo Feng. "Highly dangerous."

Luo Feng summarized the bloody-horned universe knight who had chased Bark Mirror Emperor.

"I can't teleport or use God Country Transportation there," he said in a low voice. "Also, there are hordes of great beings. I'm still struggling. Chances are, I won't make it out."

"No teleportation and no God Country Transportation?" Cha Man Emperor, Li Li Emperor and Thousand Rain Emperor were stupefied.

"Isn't that a world of sealing treasure?" Cha Man Emperor said.

Luo Feng sighed. There was no way out. Even he didn't die, it would be tragic for a great being to be trapped in an alternate world for an eternity.

"I can't talk with you guys for long. I need to run for my life." And with that, Luo Feng disappeared.

Cha Man Emperor, Li Li Emperor, and Thousand Rain Emperor all committed the secret of the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool to memory. This was no ordinary intelligence. Luo Feng wouldn't have told them if he were not close to them.

******

While Luo Feng was running through that world, trying to flee from the creatures as quickly as possible, everyone was talking about him in the World of Glory. When Bark Mirror Emperor arrived in the open-air square, they stared at him just as they had stared at Luo Feng. Immediately, heirs began approaching him and asking questions.

"Bark Mirror Emperor."

"It's Bark Mirror Emperor!"

"Bark Mirror Emperor, I heard that you chased Blade River Emperor, and he got trapped in Nine Remoteness Whirlpool. Is that true?"

"Humph!" Bark Mirror Emperor snorted.

Without saying anything, he walked to the place where heirs from Northern Territory Alliance gathered. He had planned to adventure in Nine Remoteness Space after failing to take Blade River Emperor's true treasures, but he had received an email from his friends suddenly and realized the news of him chasing Blade River Emperor had been spread through the World of Glory.

"Damn it," said Bark Mirror Emperor. "It's either Here Crow Knight or those other five bastards. But those five don't have the guts to do that. It must be Here Crow Knight who's telling everyone the news."

He's not stupid, though, thought Bark Mirror Emperor. Blade River Emperor owning a soul true treasure is new information. He's smart enough not to spread that information.

Bark Mirror Emperor sat down with the group of Northern Territory Alliance heirs. He glanced at the heirs around him.

"I know everyone's curious about this," said Bark Mirror Emperor. He smirked. "I have no idea who spread this news, but… it's true. Blade River Emperor indeed dove into the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool after I ran after him. Haha! Even universe knights find it difficult to survive in the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool. Even though Blade River Emperor has a clone technique, his true treasures will be lost there."

Bark Mirror Emperor was bold enough to admit everything without being questioned.

******

Six days later.

On Bauhinia Island sat palaces of all kinds.

Hong!

A sudden, powerful force from the origin law shook Bauhinia Island. Lots of heirs on Bauhinia Island gathered and looked at the center of the origin law energy: the palace of True Yan Emperor.

A five-colored whirlpool came into being above the palace. Gold, wood, water, fire, and ground—all the five law forces merged and led to a nobler, more vigorous origin law energy, which was the center of the five-colored whirlpool. After that, it turned hollow like a mystical portal connecting to the land of origin.

Immense godly energy entered the palace of True Yan Emperor.

All the figures flew up in the sky over Bauhinia Island, watching the scene, thrilled and envious.

"Who made their breakthrough?"

"Space law!"

"Who fully comprehended space law and became a universe knight?"

More than 100 million heirs were stuck in that step, craving for that day to come for them.

"Whose palace is that?"

"I don't know."

"Me neither."

"Who became a universe knight?"

"Don't know."

Only a few of the heirs knew. Even most of the members of the Hong Alliance had no idea. It was Cha Man Emperor who said, "That palace is right next to Blade River Emperor's. That's the other heir of our human race. Two heirs came last time. One is Blade River Emperor. The other is True Yan Emperor."

"True Yan Emperor?"

"True Yan Emperor became a universe knight?"

Lots of heirs within the Hong Alliance were astonished.

"True Yan Emperor has been stuck in the last step forever. Now that he finally made his breakthrough, we must visit and congratulate him."

"No need to rush. It's a crucial time for True Yan Emperor. He's surely absorbing godly power now. He can't waste any time."

On the way to becoming a great being, the three most significant milestones were becoming an undying fighter, becoming a universe knight, and becoming a universe master. At those crucial times, and universe origin law would arrive, especially the first time when an ordinary body turned into a godly body. It could take in as much godly power as it wanted.

When someone became a universe knight or a universe master, he couldn't absorb that much godly power, but it was considerably more than usual. When the origin law arrived, it connected to the "law ocean," and energy could be soaked up without boundaries. Unfortunately, origin law would only stay for a while and would disappear afterward, which was why there was only a short window to absorb the godly power.

After a moment, all the ripple dissipated, and some of the heirs and even universe knights went to visit True Yan Emperor.

"Zhi Ya."

The door opened. True Yan Knight looked outside with a big smile. "Haha! Come on in."

"Congratulations, True Yan Emperor… No, excuse me—True Yan Knight!"

"Congratulations, True Yan, you're officially a universe knight."

Unlike Luo Feng, True Yan Emperor had many more friends, and lots of universe knights were close to True Yan Emperor. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"Finally, after such a long time, I'm a universe knight," True Yan Knight said, nodding. He didn't look apathetic anymore. Instead, he looked vigorous.

"How much godly power did you take in?"

"I tried my best to absorb as much as I could just now," said True Yan Knight. "My godly body was improved by 92 percent."

"Not 100 percent? We humans have smaller bodies and don't have much undying power. You should've grasped the chance and improve 100 percent."

The larger a body was, the more difficult it was to improve it 100 percent. In the case of the enormous World Trees, if they became universe knights, they could take in more godly power than True Yan Emperor in a short period of time, but compared to their sizes, it was nothing; they would need to cultivate for a long time after that.

"True Yan Knight's genes evolved tenfold before. After becoming a universe knight, his godly body's limit is higher. Storing 92 percent is good enough."

True Yan Knight was talking with other great beings, but he was also confused to note that his disciple Luo Feng hadn't come to congratulate him on becoming a universe knight.