Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 984: Twigs and Leaves of World Trees

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

"Windfall!" True Yan Knight took the wine and drank three glasses of it. He then looked at Luo Feng with sparkling eyes. "You know, I'm kind of lucky, too. Although my luck is nothing compared to yours, it's still fairly good."

"Teacher, you got a valuable?" Luo Feng asked.

"Wrong!" True Yan Knight shook his head. "When you become a universe knight, unless you make another breakthrough during your practice, getting a valuable is what makes you happiest. However, it's not accurate to say I got a new valuable. I didn't. The reason I'm happy is because the treasure I have turns out to be extraordinary. Although it's not a true treasure, it's definitely a top-tier treasure."

Luo Feng smiled. "Congratulations, teacher."

"I'm indeed happy. I didn't even find it special when I was an undying fighter," True Yan Knight said. "This was the first time I fought after becoming a universe knight. Under my new burning godly power, it evolved into a second form. It's definitely a top-tier treasure. If it has a third form, it's qualified as a true treasure."

Luo Feng nodded. Shi Wu Wing had three forms. Luo Feng couldn't help but ask, "Teacher, what kind of treasure are you talking about?"

"Haha!" True Yan Knight glanced at Luo Feng and continued, "Although I have great techniques, Bark Mirror Emperor is proficient in tracking and inspection, and he has incredible escaping skills. Even though I can suppress him, I can't stop him from running away from me. However, a pair of combat boots I had obtained before changed into their second form, revealing their real power."

"Those boots I created—the ones with the pinnacle technique—made me much faster," True Yan Knight said. "Even Bark Mirror Emperor couldn't run away from me. I could even escape Wan Feng Knight, who's far stronger than me. My disciple, treasures that can help you flee are precious. Wan Feng Knight is as powerful as Shi Huo Knight. Being able to get away from him means I'm only an average-level universe knight, but I'm much better at fleeing. Getting a treasure is indeed delightful. All the more so if you discover that an ordinary treasure you already possess is incredibly powerful."

Luo Feng considered these words. Even a dusty old treasure might still shine someday. True Yan had also, finally, seized his opportunity to shine. After many long years, he now stood among the great beings of the universe.

"Teacher," said Luo Feng, "you said you're only at the average level. How did you crush Bark Mirror Emperor? I've heard that lots of universe knights are afraid of him."

"Bark Mirror Emperor isn't that powerful himself," True Yan Knight explained. "It's his talent techniques that make him strong. You should know, an ordinary universe knight has a godly body 100 times stronger than an emperor limit."

"Yes, I do." Luo Feng nodded.

"Even the most average universe knights have godly bodies ten million times stronger than sector lords," True Yan Knight continued. "Every universe knight will try to improve their life level. Generally, they can improve it several times. As for me, I've already improved mine ten times. After I became a universe knight, my godly body became 100 million times that of a sector lord. Bark Mirror Emperor's godly body is 2,000 times stronger than that of an average emperor limit, which means his godly body is only twice as powerful as mine."

Luo Feng nodded. That gap was not excessively large.

"His godly body, together with his defending true treasures, is what gives him the leverage to rival ordinary universe knights. Unfortunately for him, his attacking skills are mediocre, and his godly body is only twice as powerful as mine. Besides, his law comprehension is worse than universe knights, and his techniques are weaker than most universe knights. That's why he has such mediocre attacking skills. He can only resort to his talent techniques."

"His talent techniques are indeed mighty," True Yan Knight went on. "Fortunately, I'm on the warrior path. I've been studying 'soul defense technique,' knowing that warriors are most vulnerable to soul attacks like illusions. I already had strong soul defense when I roamed the universe before, and it's already a pinnacle technique. During my hundreds of millions of years in Chaos City, I spent much of my time and energy creating techniques because I knew I couldn't have a key breakthrough in law comprehension. Though I'm not as talented as you, I created three pinnacle techniques after hundreds of millions of years of practice. The most useful and powerful one is soul defense technique. It's still a pinnacle technique, but it's ten times sturdier than the original one."

True Yan Knight smiled and added, "My burning godly power, my soul defense technique, and my will—after being polished for hundreds of millions of years—give me the confidence to resist that soul attack. After all, Bark Mirror Emperor has never killed a universe knight up until now."

Luo Feng nodded. Zhu Chong Emperor had killed universe knights before, but Bark Mirror Emperor hadn't.

"I can withstand his talent technique attack." True Yan Knight grinned. "After that, he'll be crushed."

******

On Bauhinia Island. In Bark Mirror Emperor's palace.

"Damn it! Damn it! Damn it!" Bark Mirror Emperor roared.

His voice echoed through his palace. No one outside could hear it. Hatefulness filled his heart.

"Damn you, True Yan!" Bark Mirror Emperor clenched his teeth. "I remember you, now. You dared attack me! You dared attack the great special organism! You're seeking death! When I become a universe knight, I'll crush you like a bug… Impressive, though, that you could withstand my talent technique. And that staff technique is terrifying."

Bark Mirror Emperor shuddered as he recalled what had happened. True Yan had almost killed him with the black staff.

"If I didn't have my true treasures. And if Wan Feng hadn't arrived in time…"

Bark Mirror Emperor shivered at the thought. Although his protecting true treasure was mighty, True Yan Knight was apparently more advanced at law comprehension, and the staff technique was exceptional. Even though the protecting real treasure was significantly weakened, his godly body still deteriorated. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Bark Mirror Emperor was full of resentment, seething with insanity. He had never been so close to death before. The more he thought about it, the more he hated that human.

"Just you wait," he muttered. "Someday, I'll become a universe knight. Just you wait…"

******

In the world of Nine Remoteness Space.

Luo Feng's mind had just come back from the virtual universe.

"Rumor has it a universe knight turned from an invincible emperor is more powerful than ordinary universe knights." Luo Feng nodded. "That rumor, it seems, is far from baseless. Practice makes perfect. My teacher is an invincible emperor already, and after practicing for an eternity, his techniques are constantly being refined. Now that he's made his breakthrough, he's magnificent."

Luo Feng smiled. Mosha body had finally reached the World Trees.

"As long as I get a leaf from the World Tree," muttered Luo Feng, "I can breed my third body. Then I'll become undying. You dare to rob me, Bark Mirror Emperor? I shall kill you after I become undying."

Luo Feng had extra confidence in himself. Once he became undying, his targets would be several universe knights—and some unique organisms like Zhu Chong Emperor! As for Bark Mirror Emperor? He'd kill him directly.

"This shot determines whether or not I can get a leaf from the World Tree."

Luo Feng considered his future for a moment. He concentrated on his Mosha body.

******

On Tree Island in Nine Remoteness Space.

Beautiful plants covered the serene landscape of Tree Island. Seeds floated through the air.

Mosha body's seed cluster landed on the ground beside the sector lord-level World Tree.

"Arrived," Mosha body said. "This is it."

He had been looking forward to this for a long time. Through the tiny filaments of the seed cluster, he could see everything in the front of him. The World Tree towered over him, each of its leaves like emerald jades. Halos surrounded the crown and the trunk.

******

Meanwhile, in the cave of Rock Island.

A pinnacle emperor slave with a flame origin crystal teleported himself three times.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

After the second teleportation, he arrived in the sky of the ocean. After the third, he arrived at the center of Tree Island, the domain of World Trees.

He arrived in the crown of the sector lord-level World Tree nearest to Mosha body, around 300,000 miles away.

"Explode!"

The pinnacle emperor slave threw the flame origin crystal, then promptly teleported again, moving a 600,000 miles away. He arrived under a huge tree canopy. He started to attack the sector-lord-level World Tree.

The flame origin crystal exploded!

Hong, long, long!

This flame origin crystal was more powerful than the one that had exploded last time—and at a close enough range to kill a low emperor. And this was already a relatively weaker flame god crystal.

In the aftermath of the explosion, everything close to the crystal was annihilated. In the distance, a plethora of twigs were blasted away like arrows, and the shredded leaves shot out in all angles, carried by the shockwave of the blast.

"Twigs of World Trees," said the pinnacle-emperor slave as it grabbed a twig 1,000 feet thick. "Break!"

The emperor slave tried to snap the twig.

The sector lord World Tree started to roar furiously. Its entire canopy trembled. Its twigs and leaves slashed at the pinnacle-emperor slave.

"Damn other races, damn other races!" it roared. "You dare to hurt me again! Die! Die!"