Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 987: Walking to His Own Death

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

After the prince gave his order, the circular dragnet began to narrow.

The circle had a diameter of only 200 million miles, and over 100 million indigenous warriors were involved. For every undying warrior, there were 1,000 sector lord warriors. Although it might be unlikely that the sector lord warriors could stop Luo Feng, they could serve as informants.

It would take Luo Feng two to three days to break through the circle, even if he traveled in sub-lightspeed. There were nine layers of the circle. The inner eight layers were all sector lord warriors. Undying warriors and universe knight generals were in the outermost layer.

"He won't be able to make it," said one of the generals.

"He's already trapped," said the prince. "Being caught will be his only destiny."

The sector lord warriors were tens of thousands of miles away from each other as they started to advance toward Luo Feng. Their world energies were released and connected to Nine Remoteness World energies, sweeping across the entire area. No other races could hide themselves. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

The circle narrowed, and the warriors advanced.

After around three hours, a sector lord warrior flying at high speed suddenly stopped, looked down at the ground, and cried out, "Another race! It's the intruder of another race!"

Bang!

The dry land was torn apart, and a shadow in silver armor shot up swiftly, emanating a powerful force.

"Go!" the sector-lord warrior rushed to catch up with him, but he was too slow in comparison.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

Dozens of sector lord warriors started chasing Luo Feng from all directions, yet they could only watch that silver-armored and silver-winged shadow rush toward the outside of the circle.

"He won't be able to make it. We only make up the innermost layer of the circle. There are nine layers of us!"

The sector lord warriors started to retreat back to their positions.

Meanwhile, the warriors in the northern part of the circle had stopped advancing. The second to eighth layers of sector-lord warriors started to go after him.

Zoom!

A silver-armored, silver-winged shadow was absconding straight through the sector lord warriors.

"He is fast," commented one warrior.

"So fast," agreed another.

Undying fighters had already gathered in the outermost layer. The sector lord warriors in the inner eight layers were trying to locate the intruder, which could help the great beings in the outermost layer congregate beforehand at the crucial position.

From the first layer to the ninth layer, the silver-armored and silver-winged shadow flew for almost 30 minutes.

Almost 800 undying warriors were split into three teams and were ready to fight.

"He's flown through the eighth layer," one reported. "He'll arrive soon."

"Everyone needs to be extra careful," said a general. "This one is extraordinarily fast, and based on previous intelligence, even the head of our race can't catch up with him. One-on-one combat is out of the question. Each sub-team is going to besiege him."

30 minutes was enough for the undying warriors to fly hundreds of millions of miles away. All the undying warriors, scattered across hundreds of millions of square feet, had gathered—almost 800 undying warriors.

******

The prince stood at the side of the circle.

"He flew in that direction." The prince shook his head. "It's a pity I can't fight him. I hope he's strong enough to preserve 20 or 30 percent of his godly body under the attack of 800 undying warriors of my race. Then I can finally glimpse him."

"Your highness, this intruder is extraordinary," the lanky universe knight general said respectfully. "He won't escape being beleaguered by 800 of warriors of our race… but he can certainly survive."

Light flashed through the prince's eyes. He could see everything through synchronous transfer of the virtual universe.

"Begin," he commanded.

…

Three armies. Almost 800 undying warriors.

"The intruder has arrived," the most senior warrior of the 800 undying warriors announced. Then it gave the order. "Nine Remoteness Joint Attack!"

All the undying warriors raised their sturdy right arms and howled. Their arms started to burn, and undying power flashed in the form of bloody, red light.

Weng!

The visible red flow of air was primed, swirling above each of the undying fighters. The airflow formed blurry figures of blades above every undying warrior's right arm. Overtop of the 200 undying warriors, 200 blurry red blade figures formed a single, giant bloody blade. A giant, bloody blade was concentrated above each of the three armies of undying warriors, attracting blood-red energy from throughout the world, thus empowering them to reach the power limit of undying warriors.

Zoom!

The silver-armored and silver-winged figure showed up, saw the undying-warrior team afar, and began fleeing in the exact opposite direction in a state of panic. Unfortunately, there were now teams of undying warriors in every direction. He could only retreat!

The order was given. "Attack!"

800 undying warriors waved their right arms at the same time.

Hua!

The giant, bloody blades shot out. Nothing could stop them.

The three enormous, bloody blades pursued the silver-armored and silver-winged figure. The figure emanated incredible force in its attempt to flee, but even his speed couldn't compare to the bloody blades. The bloody blades flew hundreds of thousands of miles, and when they touched each other, they exploded simultaneously.

Boom!

The power was so vigorous it was as if it had come from the self-destruction of a super great being. The force swept into the silver-armored, silver-winged shadow.

"Ah!" A shrill, painful scream was heard as the figure was annihilated beneath the great power of the bloody blades.

In the aftermath, the 800 warriors gathered and inspected the area with their undying power.

"The intruder… died!" they realized. "Leaving behind only an ordinary undying weapon and a world ring!"

******

The prince received the news instantly.

"Dead?" said the prince, surprised to hear that the undying fighter from another race—who was faster than his captain-level undying warriors, even in a world where their race was empowered while other races were suppressed—had been killed so quickly. He had expected him to be a force to be reckoned with.

"Your highness, our undying warriors were only the catalyst of the Nine Remoteness Joint Attack," the bulky universe knight explained respectfully. "The world energies on our side played a major part. It's not surprising that the intruder was killed. If there are enough undying warriors to stimulate adequate world energies, even universe knights can be killed."

"Check that world ring," the prince commanded through the virtual world.

After a short while, he got the report. There were no valuables in the world ring. Those ordinary objects inside were just trash to the prince.

The prince shook his head. "It's a fake. The dead intruder must have been an imposter. If he can move faster than a captain-level undying warrior of my race, he must be exceptional outside of this world. How could someone of such stature have so few possessions?"

"Perhaps running is his only skill," the lanky universe knight answered.

"Inspect it again," ordered the prince. "All undying warriors, back to your position. Keep narrowing the dragnet."

800 undying warriors began to retreat. It took them 30 minutes to gather just now, and it would take them nearly 30 minutes longer to return to their positions. A full hour had been wasted because of that silver-armored, silver-winged shadow.

******

Two hours later.

"The intruder is found! The intruder is found!"

"What? Again?"

"Isn't he dead?"

The prince in charge of the circle laughed. "I knew it. We can't underestimate that intruder from another race. He must have been using his undying slaves, who took on his appearance to lure us into his trap."

"Your highness, what should we do now? This one might not be the real intruder, either."

Both of the universe knights looked at the prince. They had some ideas, but the prince was aristocratic; they generally deferred to his judgment.

"Follow the original plan," said the prince. "We need to be careful with every other intruder that appears," the prince said confidently. "We could inadvertently let him get away if we don't."

"But it's going to slow down the entire process," spoke up one of the universe knights.

"I'd rather go slowly than miss one," said the prince with a cruel scowl. "Kill every intruder you find. Don't let any of them get away. The real one will not escape."

******

In the wilderness.

As Luo Feng hid, he thought about his plan. He frowned. As the prince had presumed, both of the intruders were imposters—undying slaves sent by Luo Feng.

Now, all of his undying slaves were traveling throughout the circle, attracting a good number of undying warriors to gather so he could kill them in the end. It would take the undying warriors one to two hours to gather each every time.

"Fortunately, several of my slaves are soul masters who have dozens or even over 100 slaves of their own, who also have slaves."

Luo Feng wasn't concerned with those slaves. They were not necessarily faster than the indigenous sector lords, yet if they burned their undying power, they would be more than 1,000 times stronger, making them far stronger than sector-lord warriors.

One undying slave after another walked to his death. And they kept stalling time.

"Quick, quick, quick," Luo Feng said, still anxious. "The slaves I send out only slow down one side of the circle while the other three armies are still advancing fast. I need to slow down all four sides!"

Almost 100 slaves will be needed to stall them one more day, Luo Feng thought. Undying slaves are useful for God Country Transportation as bait. I can't waste them recklessly like this.

Luo Feng looked up at the sky. Mosha body was using his talent technique "domain" deep in the bloody airflow over his head, drawing closer and closer.

"Come on," Luo Feng muttered, his stomach in knots. "Hurry! My escape depends on whether Mosha body can get here before they finish narrowing the circle."

His original plan had been to ask the slaves to escape so that the undying warriors in the outermost layer of the circle could gather together, after which he could break free. After giving the plan a second thought, he decided it was unlikely to succeed.

The circular dragnet was delicately formed. There were nine layers, and the last layer served almost like the teeth of a massive gear, with some of the undying warriors distributed in faraway areas as sentries. Even if most of the warriors were attracted by his ruse, a few of would still remain behind as sentries, tracking in turns. This made it easy for them to block Luo Feng from escaping for one or even two hours.

If my luck runs out, I'll run into a universe knight, thought Luo Feng. Then I'll be doomed.

"The safest way is to ask Mosha body to do the job," he muttered under his breath. "He's the best at disguising and breaking free."

Luo Feng gazed nervously at the sky.