Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 990: Strictly Confidential

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

"What about them?" Luo Feng asked, looking to the babies afar. He was still in his Mosha body, disguised as a creature of the indigenous race of Nine Remoteness World. "Which royal sea were they born in?"

"Bei An Shell was also born in the Ancestral Sea," said the baby. It had a pair of bright eyes and articulated itself well. "Everyone else was born in Royal Seas except Bei An Shell and me. Some of them were born in the Large Royal Sea while some in the Small Royal Sea."

Luo Feng's Mosha body nodded. "Make efforts, and you can become undying in the future." He touched the baby's bloody horn with a smile.

"I see." The baby nodded.

Mosha body turned around and planned to leave, but the baby looked at his back and bit his lip. Clearly, he wanted something more.

Other babies came flying toward him.

"Leader!" they said. "Leader! How did it go, leader? Did that undying fighter recruit you as his disciple?"

"Why're you even asking?" one of them jeered. "That undying fighter left. Of course he didn't recruit him."

Other babies began discussing this. A long time ago, a Golden Horned Beast who was only a child had almost destroyed the earth. Now, even these indigenous babies were intelligent.

"Shut up!" the first baby shouted and looked at Mosha body's back with bitterness.

He had thought that the undying fighter valued him and would be willing to recruit him as his disciple. That was why he had explained everything with such passion. Little did he expect that the undying fighter hadn't intended to do any such thing.

The adults of this race were sector lords by default; there were numerous sector lords but only a few undying fighters. In the army, for every 1,000 sector lord warriors, there was only one undying warrior. Given that most of the creatures were not qualified for the army, the proportion compared to the overall population was even smaller. Only after being taught by an undying fighter could one be guaranteed a bright future.

"Why didn't he recruit me as his disciple? Is it because I was born in the Ancestral Sea while he was born in Royal Sea?" The baby leader clenched his teeth. "Humph! I was born in the Royal Sea, which makes me nobler. Someday, I, Mai Si Shell, will become an undying fighter—a captain or even a general!"

******

Mosha body wandered casually through the indigenous city. He could clearly hear chatting among 10,000 indigenous creatures and integrated the information. Suddenly, he heard a conversation about 108 princes. Mosha body, carefree a moment prior, was suddenly dazed.

108 princes? And 108 Royal Seas? Mosha body thought, standing still. Ancestral Sea and Royal sea. 108 Royal Seas and 108 princes. Do the Royal Seas have something to do with the princes?

Mosha body felt encouraged. If the Royal Seas and the princes are connected, then the Ancestral Sea must be connected to… the Nine Remoteness Master! That's right. Teacher said before that Nine Remoteness Master is invincible in Nine Remoteness Space. Perhaps Nine Remoteness Master can utilize the power within that Nine Remoteness Ocean. That's a sea with a diameter of over ten light years. It's so forceful that it might even be the Five-Colored Aurora Lake's rival. He's truly invincible if he can use the ocean's power!

The more Mosha body thought about it, the more excited he got. Another thought struck his mind. Why is every prince correlated with a Royal Sea? Were they born together? Does that mean every prince was born with a Royal Sea? If my third body can be born with a Royal Sea like those princes…

108 princes, and based on my information, some of the princes are universe knights, some are undying fighters, and others are sector lords. The princes are of royal blood, and they even have universe-knight guards, which would make it difficult to get their genes. If a prince is, indeed, so gifted… then I'll use the favor Nine Remoteness Master owes my teacher to acquire my third body.

Mosha body sorted out his mind instantly. Based on the information at hand, this seemed likely. The numbers matched perfectly. Besides, Nine Remoteness Master was undefeatable in Nine Remoteness Space. It was likely that these facts were related. The princes could be regarded as weaker versions of Nine Remoteness Master!

Those indigenous creatures did say the princes were immortal!

Mosha body continued gathering information by traveling the city and eavesdropping for two days. Based on what he knew, the indigenous children were indoctrinated. He heard comments such as, "You must be loyal to your Emperor and your princes!" And, "The Emperor and princes are holy!" Or, "Fight for your Emperor! Fight for your princes! It's your duty and your glory."

The more information Luo Feng gathered about the Emperor and the princes, the more curious he got. Eventually, he decided it was time to meet again with Primal Chaos City Leader.

******

In the virtual universe, at the apex of Thunder Island.

In that towering palace surrounded by haze, Luo Feng stepped in.

"Teacher," Luo Feng said respectfully, standing within the haze. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"Did you run into some trouble in Nine Remoteness World?" said a gentle, placating voice. Primal Chaos City Leader walked out dressed in a golden cape. "Have you used that favor already?"

"Not yet," Luo Feng answered.

"Oh?" Primal Chaos City Leader was surprised. "Have you broken out?"

"I have Mosha body now," said Luo Feng. "I was trapped in Nine Remoteness World, but fortunately, my Mosha body arrived in time to save me."

"How did he get there?" Primal Chaos City Leader asked. "Did your Mosha body fly through the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool? I don't think that's possible."

"He went into Nine Remoteness World," Luo Feng answered.

Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng, perplexed. Although he had never been there before, that place belonged to Nine Remoteness Master. That sky and land were supposedly strictly guarded. Even universe knights might not be able to get in.

"My Mosha body was lucky enough to get a talent technique, 'domain,'" Luo Feng explained.

"Domain?"

Though Primal Chaos City Leader was startled, he did know some universe knight-level great beings of the Mosha clan who had this talent technique. After all, Mosha clan was a reproduction clan, and some of the non-classified information was already known to the outside world. A supreme being like Primal Chaos City Leader naturally knew about domain.

"Domain is indeed impressive." Primal Chaos City Leader nodded with a smile. "It's quite powerful until you become a universe master."

"Yes." Luo Feng nodded.

Primal Chaos City Leader was curious. "Since you have Mosha body to protect you, it should be fairly easy for you to survive Nine Remoteness World. After all, you're an heir of the Ancestral God School, and Nine Remoteness Master is close to the Ancestral God School. It's not likely that he'll attack you directly. Given these factors, why are you here to see me?"

Luo Feng took a deep breath and said, "I obtained the leaf of the World Tree as planned. Unfortunately, I didn't manage to breed my third body."

"Didn't manage to?" Primal Chaos City Leader sighed. He felt sorry for his disciple.

"However, I've discovered something more interesting." Luo Feng looked at Primal Chaos City Leader but hesitated.

"Speak," prodded Primal Chaos City Leader.

Luo Feng stared at Primal Chaos City Leader. "Allow me to ask first… what's the connection between Nine Remoteness Master and the Nine Remoteness Ocean?"

Primal Chaos City Leader glanced at Luo Feng in shock, then said, "That is a top secret in the universe, but since you've already deduced part of it, I'll tell you. Nine Remoteness Master is Nine Remoteness Ocean, and Nine Remoteness Ocean is Nine Remoteness Master!"

Luo Feng trembled. God! This was even more unbelievable than he thought.

"Nine Remoteness Master has always been a terrific being," Primal Chaos City Leader said. "He is my rival. Actually, in one-on-one combat, he's weaker than me. So what makes him my rival? Because even if I kill him, he would be resurrected very soon after. In other words, he's immortal!"

Luo Feng was startled.

"After Nine Remoteness Master dies," Primal Chaos City Leader said, "a new version comes into being. It happens every time. How terrifying is that? That's why even the Ancestral God School treats Nine Remoteness Master with respect. Lots of issues that the beast gods can't deal with are left to him."

He paused, then went on. "Nothing can be kept a secret forever, I suppose. Lots of great beings study why universe masters can be revived so quickly. After all, it should take a long time to resurrect such a powerful godly body. It has been discovered that each time he dies, Nine Remoteness Ocean gives birth to a new Nine Remoteness Master. Nine Remoteness Ocean is his endless source."

Primal Chaos City Leader continued, "Back when this was first discovered, it merely confirmed a special relationship between Nine Remoteness Ocean and Nine Remoteness Master. However, something momentous then occurred, which spread the name of Nine Remoteness Master throughout the entire universe. He killed a universe master! Because of a certain true treasure, two universe knights of the demon race jointly hunted Nine Remoteness Master and chased him to Nine Remoteness Ocean. Nine Remoteness Master dove into the ocean and vanished. At the same time, the entire ocean started to burn, burning boundless godly power."

"The entire ocean burned?" Luo Feng was dazed.

"That's right," said Primal Chaos City Leader. "The entire ocean was burning. Apparently, Nine Remoteness Master was enraged and used all his power to burn the entire ocean. It was so forceful that it suppressed the true treasures carried by both of the universe masters of the demon race and annihilated a universe master instantly. As for the other one, he escaped using his true treasure. The dead universe master was called Cang Yang Master. The one who survived is… Master of Sky Wolf."

Luo Feng gaped at Primal Chaos City Leader.

"Some other great beings were following them and tried to take advantage of the situation," Primal Chaos City Leader went on. "They witnessed everything, and word spread. Other supreme beings knew, after that fight, that Nine Remoteness Master and Nine Remoteness Ocean are one and the same! As long as Nine Remoteness Ocean exists, Nine Remoteness Master is immortal. Within Nine Remoteness Ocean, he is invincible!"