Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 993: Third Body

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Perhaps Nine Remoteness master didn't know why Luo Feng took the water from the Bloody Sea—or perhaps he knew already—but he had other plans. Regardless, Luo Feng had achieved his goal!

"I don't care whether he knows or not. The point is, I can be stronger! I can start to breed my third body with the water from the Bloody Sea."

Luo Feng was exhilarated. He thought he could get some water from the Bloody Sea with the favor from Primal Chaos City Leader, but he hadn't expected to be admitted to the sub-organization in exchange.

"There are many great beings in the human race who made it to the sub-organization." Luo Feng was beaming. "With my power getting stronger, I'm basically guaranteed to finish the fifth-level inheritance, especially after getting so many beast-god inheritance opportunities. I'll have to join the sub-organization someday in the future."

Candidate prophets, candidate deified generals, and heirs who completed the fifth-level or higher beast-god inheritance had to join the Ancestral God School sub-organization! Yet Luo Feng had been invited in now.

Incredible talents like Zhu Chong Emperor, Bark Mirror Emperor, and Luo Feng were highly valued by the Ancestral God School, as they could rival universe knights as undying fighters and would be universe overlords' match once they became universe knights. It would only take a little training for them to have the power of universe masters after becoming universe knights!

After all, peerless talents like these wouldn't come back to Bauhinia Island if they failed on the beast god path, but they could still make great accomplishments following the time and space path, which was why the Ancestral God School admitted them in advance to make sure they didn't let these future supreme beings slip.

I'll at least achieve something following the beast god path, Luo Feng thought. I might as well join now since I'll join in the future anyway.

"Especially since it helped me avoid being killed. Haha…!"

Luo Feng certainly hadn't expected himself to become a follower of Nine Remoteness Master.

"Excellent! Excellent!" The more Luo Feng thought about it, the more excited he got.

In the palace, Tian Chen Emperor gave a salutation. "Congratulations, master."

"Okay." Luo Feng waved his hand and got the world ring temporarily kept by Tian Chen Emperor. He sat down with his legs crossed while Mosha body entered the internal world with the water from the Bloody Sea. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

…

The core, in the internal world.

Ah-ooo!

The 600-mile long Golden Horned Beast howled with excitement, producing a sound that was like far-reaching thunder.

"There are nine World Trees in total, while Nine Remoteness Master has 108 princes." Mosha body stood in the sky, watching the basin-sized blood churning and smell of bloody permeating. "There are 109 creatures of the same race counting Nine Remoteness Master. 109 of them! Nine Remoteness Master is indeed powerful, but I refuse to believe that every prince has such an outrageous life level."

"It will succeed! It must succeed!"

Mosha body stared at the lump of water from the Bloody Sea. Although he presumed the chance of success to be high, Luo Feng wasn't sure of the princes' life levels. Thinking about his last failure, he couldn't help but be anxious.

"The moment that determines my fate!"

Both Mosha body and Golden Horned Beast calmed down and gazed at the churning blood.

Sou!

Surrounded by the world energies of the internal world, the water from the Bloody Sea shot up and flew high in the sky. It grew dead silent in the internal world.

After a long while, the lump of water flew to the center of the internal world.

"Talent technique, clone! Breed!" Luo Feng said, controlling the entire internal world with his mind.

The internal world started to tremble after the doppelganger technique was triggered the last time. This time, boundless world energies flocked to the lump of bloody seawater at the center of the world. The water evaporated immediately, and only the basic life material was wrapped by the world energies.

A golden ball showed up, high in the sky. It had already started to breed the third body. Luo Feng's mind sensed everything in an instant.

It succeeded! Luo Feng realized. All the life material has been resolved, and it has started to be bred!

"Hah-hah-hah…!" Mosha body guffawed. "My third body is meant to be Nine Remoteness of the Bloody Sea, and I'll have boundless godly power in the future. Even if I die, I can be reborn again. This is real immortality!"

Ah-ooo!

Golden Horned Beast roared with thrill.

"Excellent! Excellent!" Luo Feng stood up, beaming. He grabbed Tian Chen Emperor and said, "Tian Chen, drink with me!"

He even summoned some other emperor limit slaves, and they started to drink their fill!

******

Luo Feng sensed that it would take over 600 years to breed the third body. The more stable and powerful the internal world was, the easier it was to breed a body, but the stronger the body was, the longer it took for the body to be bred.

It had taken Luo Feng over a year to breed the earthling body, while it took him three years and nine months to breed the Mosha body.

As for the Bloody Sea Nine Remoteness Body, it would take him over 600 years. If Luo Feng didn't choose to swallow the metal to improve his internal world but turn to the ninth-level sector-lord internal body of the ordinary Golden Horned Beast, it would take him more than 10,000 years.

"I already expected that it would take such a long time. It's a special life form after all."

Luo Feng was overjoyed. He had taken so many risks and tried so many different methods just for his third body. Now that his internal world had finally started to breed it, all it took was cultivation.

Only 600 years… He could spend the 600 years practicing, and it would be like a blink of an eye. After which, his third body would be finished.

"I'll go to the Ancestral God School! I'll need to study law comprehension in the coming 600 years. Being undying isn't difficult for me, but it'll take a lot of effort to be a universe knight."

Luo Feng knew clearly that he could only fully comprehend the teleportation part of his space law. As for space strangle and space seal, he could only comprehend a small portion of it. The complete space law required the combination of all three parts! Countless peerless talents comprehended all three but had been stuck at the last step for an eternity like True Yan Emperor, Zhu Chong Emperor, and Bark Mirror Emperor. Luo Feng couldn't underestimate it.

"The more I accumulate, the more beneficial it is for a breakthrough. Besides, I've fully comprehended the third chapter, which means I need to create the third move for Moon Policy and Star Map."

Luo Feng realized he had lots of things to do.

******

After drinking, Luo Feng told Primal Chaos City Leader what happened. Primal Chaos City Leader was thrilled to know that Luo Feng didn't use his favor and had started to breed his third body.

"Haha!" Primal Chaos City Leader said. "Even though the powerful universe masters close to the Ancestral God School are the leaders of different streams of the sub-organization of Ancestral God School, they only belong to the sub-organization. This Nine Remoteness… He's lived so long that he thinks competing with the other old guys is fun. Luo Feng, work hard! Since you're so valued by the Ancestral God School, you might get some true treasures in the future. Think about Zhu Chong Emperor who obtained two. Take anything you can when the time comes."

"Yes, teacher," Luo Feng answered.

On the same day, Luo Feng's original earthling body left Primal Secret Region and arrived at Bauhinia Island through God Country Transportation.

******

Luo Feng gathered with his teacher True Yan Knight, and some of his friends like Thousand Rain Emperor, Cha Man Emperor, and Li Li Emperor after being back to Bauhinia Island, and the news spread.

"Blade River Emperor is back!"

"Blade River Emperor is back from Nine Remoteness Space!"

"Were Blade River Emperor's true treasures left at the central place where Nine Remoteness Whirlpool leads to?"

"They have to be. Even universe knights aren't likely to survive that place. Blade River Emperor must have revived himself using his clone technique."

"But I can't sense Blade River Emperor's sector lord aura."

"Same. I saw Blade River Emperor, too, but I didn't sense his sector lord aura."

"I think Blade River Emperor still has his true treasures."

"How is it possible? Even universe knights can't survive that place. I think either Blade River Emperor has become undying or he got a new true treasure."

"New true treasure?"

"Humans are a peak race. Those lower-tier true treasures might be attracted to ordinary races, but they are just ordinary to humans, and they have an abundant number of them."

The news spread like wildfire through the open-air square in the world of glory, and Bark Mirror Emperor knew it, too.

******

In the palace.

Bark Mirror Emperor's godly body had fully recovered. However, he looked colder and crueler. He was innately gloomy and ferocious—even more so after being crushed by True Yan Knight.

"No sector lord aura?" Bark Mirror Emperor clenched his teeth. "Did he become undying or get a new true treasure? I'll kill him directly if he's undying! I'm a noble and powerful special life form! If he has a new true treasure, then I'll take it by force! Blade River Emperor, True Yan Knight! I'll have my revenge!"

******

Luo Feng sat in his palace and started practicing after spending quality time with his teacher and friends, in spite of the spreading rumors outside.