996  Inborn Beast God

Luo Feng waved his hands, and the Ancient Ship Galaxy merged into the skin of his arm.

"I got all my spaceships from the emperors, but I already feel that they're inadequate. My original plan was to get a better spaceship after becoming undying, but this Ancient Ship Galaxy that can rival a true treasure is better than any spaceship built by humans or the automaton race." Luo Feng was overjoyed.

Xiu!

A trace of shrinking aurora flew towards Luo Feng. This startled him, as the universe knight who had tried to assassinate him had been easily killed by the aurora. Luo Feng tried to dodge it, but the surrounding space seemed to be sealed, making it difficult for Luo Feng to move.

The aurora touched Luo Feng gently.

"Huh?" Luo Feng stood on the ground, dazed.

Hong!

The rocks that had begun to float when the treasure was revealed suddenly dropped back down into the hole, and the mountain reverted back to how it was originally. The thousands of auroras shrouding the mountain from sight shot up and flew back to the Five-Colored Aurora Lake.

******

The heirs watching the scene from afar were all guessing, but none of them could see anything.

"Look, Blade River Emperor seems to be stupefied."

"Because he was amazed."

"A defending true treasure?"

"An attacking true treasure?"

"A treasure to recover his godly body?"

Luo Feng glanced around, then teleported himself to a canyon in a remote part of the Land of Valuables.

******

It was silent in the canyon.

Luo Feng stayed there alone and whispered, "Wine Master?"

The moment the aurora touched his head, he received some information—a message from the valuable's contributor to the future inheritor of the valuable. He heard a voice passing along the message.

"I don't belong to any race, and I've been all alone since the beginning of the universe. The only friend I have is 'Crane Knight,' but Crane is blessed with good luck. I don't know who I should give my valuables to that are no longer of any use to me. Since the Ancestral God School set up a land of valuables, I'll leave this Silver Dragon Phantom Ship to my juniors. The conditions are: a sector lord who wins over 1,000 challenges and completes the third-level beast god inheritance. If you can satisfy those conditions, you're a true talent of your time. Remember, it was Wine Master who gave you the valuable. Hahaha…"

It was a plain and simple message.

Luo Feng immediately realized that it was a universe master who had given him the valuable, but his title was a bit bizarre.

"Wine Master? Wine as his title?" Luo Feng was confused. He immediately connected to the virtual universe with his mind. Now that he had high access authority, he could search for lots of secrets in the universe.

******

In the virtual universe.

In front of the desk, Luo Feng looked at the laptop screen, searching for "Wine Master."

Shua. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

There was only a single entry.

"Hmm?" Luo Feng clicked it.

Wine Master: An inborn beast god, and a "Wind and Time" beast god. He was a unique life in the universe and was born to be a beast god. He called himself "Riding Wind." He was obsessed with drinking, and thus, other supreme beings in the universe gave him the title "Wine." He was one of the first beast gods of the Ancestral God School. Deceased.

"Ah!" Luo Feng was shocked by the message. This Wine Master was an inborn beast god!

There were inborn beast gods and learned beat gods. The latter were those who completed the comprehension of the beast god path and inherited the beast god position, and these were the ordinary beast gods. Yet there were some creatures who were innately universe masters at the beginning of the universe, and they themselves were the "beast god" manifestation of fusion laws.

"Deceased?"

The voice echoed in Luo Feng's ears: "Remember, it was Wine Master who left you the valuable. Hahaha…"

"Such a supreme being, deceased." Luo Feng couldn't help but sigh.

An alcoholic inborn beast god. Luo Feng could imagine the scene—an inborn beast god carrying a huge wine jar, standing on the ancient ship.

"Alcoholic…" Luo Feng murmured. "Now that you left me a valuable, I'll certainly pay you back if I have the opportunity. An inborn beast god, alcoholic, Wine Master, called himself Riding Wind…"

Luo Feng had a favorable impression of the fallen Wine Master even though he'd never seen him. Unfortunately, the inborn beast god had been born when the universe first came into being. Perhaps he was older than Primal Chaos City Leader and Gigantic Axe Founder.

He had been one of the earliest beast gods of the Ancestral God School, and he had fallen a long time ago.

Even the powerful universe masters can fall, Luo Feng thought. Like the universe supreme masters. If they're willing to pay the price to kill a universe master, most of them can't survive it, except those like Primal Chaos City Leader and Nine Remoteness Master, who have extraordinary skills.

Primal Chaos City Leader was invincible in the Primal Universe; Nine Remoteness Master was undefeatable in Nine Remoteness Ocean. Luo Feng rejoiced at the choice of his third body.

******

After lamenting the death of "Wine Master" in the remote cave in the Land of Valuables, he was soon found by other heirs. He was calm and frank, and he continued touring Land of Valuables. The bottom line for him was to tour the Land of Valuables thoroughly because he might obtain some other valuables.

Most of his will was practicing in the virtual universe, and thus searching for valuables didn't consume much energy.

Half an hour after he obtained Ancient Ship Galaxy, a shadow flew towards him.

"Blade River, Blade River."

Luo Feng lifted his head and saw Thousand Rain Emperor.

"Thousand Rain Emperor." Luo Feng nodded with a smile.

"Congratulations!" Thousand Rain Emperor said excitedly. "I just entered the world of glory and heard that you got one of the 108 valuables. Congratulations!"

"It's no big deal." Luo Feng grinned. "Where are the others?"

"True Yan Knight has prepared a celebration meal for you," Thousand Rain Emperor said. "Cha Man Emperor and the others are all there. True Yan Knight asked me to invite you. The knight said that getting one of the 108 valuables from the Ancestral God School will be remembered forever, so we need to formally celebrate your achievement. That's why I was asked to invite you."

Luo Feng was dazed, then smiled. Teacher True Yan had prepared a celebration meal.

"Well, I had planned to fly around for a bit longer." Luo Feng looked at the Land of Valuables. "But it seems I'll have to come another time."

"Fly around? For what?" Thousand Rain Emperor was confused. "There's nothing to fly around for! You've got a valuable, haven't you?"

"Perhaps I can trigger a second valuable," said Luo Feng.

"Impossible. As long as you open the first valuable, you can't trigger a second one." Thousand Rain Emperor said, "This has been the law ever since the Ancestral God School established Land of Valuables."

"Eh…" Luo Feng blinked his eyes. Although he had asked Cha Man Emperor about the details of the land of valuables, he only knew the basics when the land of valuables was opened. He didn't know whether he could open a second valuable.

"I wouldn't lie to you," Thousand Rain Emperor said. "Let's go. Fortunately, you've only been here for a short while. If you wander around here much longer, many heirs from other races will figure out that you're trying to trigger other valuables and will secretly laugh at you.

Luo Feng looked around. The heirs in the distance were still amazed by the opening of the valuable half an hour ago. After all, since the birth of the universe, only 42 of the 108 valuables had been opened—43 including the one opened today. The heirs were conversing with each other and only glanced at Luo Feng once in a while. Most of them looked envious or jealous. No one looked greedy except those great beings from races hostile to the human race.

Power and status should match valuables. A star traveler-level small fry getting a true treasure was like committing suicide. Even for a powerful sector lord like Luo Feng couldn't make it public knowledge that he owned the true treasure Shi Wu Wing, given to him by Primal Chaos City Leader. Otherwise, he would be in trouble.

However, it was different for him now. Luo Feng had proven his capabilities by surviving Bark Mirror Emperor and Mud Swallowing Knight. Only a few would dare to try to take the valuables Luo Feng was carrying. After all, it was not worth risking lives for an unknown valuable.

"When I first stepped off Earth, I was so careful, as even a spaceship of the automaton race would bring me disaster." Luo Feng shook his head and sighed. Now, he had several true treasures, but almost nobody dared to attack him.

******

Bark Mirror Emperor's face twitched. He bared his fangs as he watched Luo Feng and Thousand Rain Emperor leave. The heirs standing beside him knew that Bark Mirror Emperor was furious.

"Damn it! Goddamn human." Bark Mirror was exasperated. "This is pure luck! When the time comes, I'll show you that power is everything. Next time, there'll be no Nine Remoteness Whirlpool for you to hide in."

He hated True Yan and Blade River Emperor. Now, he was full of grievances seeing Blade River Emperor obtaining one of the top 108 valuables.

"Bark Mirror Emperor," a green-tongued creature said. "The reason this Blade River Emperor can kill emperor limits as a sector lord has to be the special power of the valuables he gained outside. However, with his power growing, the valuables become less useful. When he becomes undying, those valuables won't be that helpful anymore. No matter what, he's just a human with a low life level. He can in no way compare with special life forms like you and Zhu Chong Emperor when he becomes undying."

"You're right!" Bark Mirror Emperor's eyes gleamed with satisfaction. "He's just a human."

Bark Mirror Emperor licked his fangs and looked in Luo Feng's direction. "His life level is just so low. Could it be possible that he can be so forceful with his valuables forever? My life level is 1,000 times higher than him even if he becomes undying. Killing him will be as easy as destroying a star."

 