Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1002: Creation!

CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

The Bloody Sea churned above the extensive plains as Luo Feng attempted to enlarge its size, but all methods thus far had failed.

After three days of trying, Luo Feng finally admitted defeat.

"Remote Ocean body can't absorb energies because there's no room for further storage. The Bloody Sea has already hit its limit, and it can't be expanded even an inch larger. Nine Remoteness Master, how did you enlarge the Remoteness Ocean?"

Luo Feng, clothed in black, gazed at the turbulent Bloody Sea and murmured to himself, "Why don't you just ask Nine Remoteness Master?"

This was obviously a secret. When Nine Remoteness Master first came into being, he clearly didn't have such an enormous Nine Remoteness Ocean. He must have figured out some special means so that even his princes could have enormous Royal Seas.

"I'll try my second technique, Creation," said Luo Feng. "The idea that I can create life is a great mystery."

Luo Feng's mind merged with the Bloody Sea. The moment he cast the second technique, he felt like he was entering a new domain. The air and the grass were all dissected beneath his gaze; it was like seeing through to the very nature of these life forms.

Luo Feng looked at the weeds on the plain. "Creation," he said, and grass came into being. "Creation," he said again, and a flower was born in the Bloody Sea. "Create Mosha body," he said.

A moment passed, and Luo Feng realized that the Mosha body was too complex to be created instantly.

"Creating plants doesn't give me any sense of accomplishment," said Luo Feng. "I need to create moving lives. I must!"

After only a few moments, and Luo Feng was already addicted to the process of creation.

World energies could change plants and rivers, but Creation was something more than that. Creation could replicate the constitution of life by observation. Luo Feng presumed that replicating the constitution of life forms was the most basic skill, but those who were proficient—like Nine Remoteness Master—could create an entire species.

Creation was a magical thing. Although the process couldn't improve one's power directly, it would be majestic to create a species.

No wonder master Zuo Shan Ke can guide and lead an entire race, Luo Feng thought. But I'm different from him. I can create life forms with my talent technique, whereas Zuo Shan Ke guided an existing race and led that race to evolve under some special environments.

******

Luo Feng began to experiment. First, he put some small, weak life forms into his internal world. He quickly realized that the weaker the power was, the simpler the life gene constitution was. For those living beings that were too powerful, it was difficult to even see their constitution distinctly, let alone replicate it.

"Nine Remoteness Master became an ocean first, then created an energy body, and finally, created a race," Luo Feng realized after experimenting with his new talent technique for half a month.

The constitution of complex life forms was impossibly intricate, making it exceedingly difficult to create a brand new race. Nine Remoteness Master must have expended a great degree of effort before learning how to create a mature race. His 108 princes must have been instructed to emulate him, but they had all failed, as they couldn't conquer the obstacles. It required an astounding amount of energy to create even a single life form—not to mention a supreme race whose members had life imprints high enough to think intelligently, train themselves, and become sector lords once they matured.

No wonder sector lord princes can't create new lives, thought Luo Feng. The more advanced the life forms are, the more energy it takes to create them. However… It's easiest to create oneself.

Each drop of the Bloody Sea had come from Remote Ocean body, which was why the Bloody Sea water contained the life genes of Remote Ocean body. If he wanted to create another Remote Ocean body, he didn't need any life constitution, as each drop of the water was comprised of such life constitution.

"Creation!"

Hua! Hua! Hua!

The Bloody Sea started to tremble, and a naked body appeared. It quickly disappeared, however, and its energy was absorbed back into the Bloody Sea.

"Creation!"

Another 300-foot-tall body showed up and disappeared.

"Creation!"

Another body appeared. This one was only three feet in height. It, too, quickly disappeared.

"Creation!"

******

Luo Feng kept trying. After much trial and error, he found out that the largest body he could create was 600 miles tall, which was a smaller version of Remote Ocean body.

"Something's wrong," said Luo Feng. "Remote Ocean body has a life gene level 300 times greater. Why does the newly created Remote Ocean body only have a life gene level of 30 times?"

Luo Feng realized the problem. The new Remote Ocean body was only 600 miles tall—just one-tenth the original height. His life gene level was only 30 times greater, which was also one-tenth of the original version.

"There are some flaws in 'Creation.'" He laughed. "But maybe this is how it's supposed to be."

There was a vast difference between the talent technique Creation and the evolution of the universe. Even if he could replicate the body's constitution completely, the duplicate was still inferior, as it didn't have any talent techniques and had significantly lower life gene level.

"It would go against the laws of the universe for a Bloody Sea to be able to create a new Remote Ocean body as powerful as the original."

After some time, he realized that each time he created a new Remote Ocean body, it consumed nearly one-tenth of his energies, and the volume of the Bloody Sea shrunk. Each body was being immediately absorbed into the ocean was because the Bloody Sea was reabsorbing the energies to recover its size.

"When the Bloody Sea is complete, it can't absorb any energies," said Luo Feng, "but it can when it suffers some losses."

Luo Feng got an idea.

"Absorb! Absorb!"

Hong!

The world energies flooded into the Bloody Sea. After just a short while, the Bloody Sea finished and regained its original size.

"The Bloody Sea has fully recovered, but the new Remote Ocean body is still right beside it," said Luo Feng. "They draw energies from the same origin. Now… melt!"

The new Remote Ocean body fell into the Bloody Sea and melted into the water. The energies merged with the original sea, and the volume surged. The Bloody Sea was enlarged, pressing outward against the space around it. The space and time controlled by the Bloody Sea were also expanded.

"Haha! So, this is how it works!" said Luo Feng, overjoyed. "Create a new Remote Ocean body, wait for the Bloody Sea recover, then melt the new Remote Ocean body back into water, thus combining it with the original Bloody Sea!"

******

"Creation!" commanded Luo Feng. "Recover!"

Luo Feng went through the process repeatedly. Each time, the Bloody Sea could absorb more energy.

"Melt! Condense!"

The Bloody Sea was enlarged again.

It expanded ten times in succession.

"Turn back," said Luo Feng.

But when he tried to turn the ocean back into the original body, it failed. The ocean was bloated with energy. It was like an overweight, middle-aged man—too plump from years of overeating to run and jump as he had in his trimmer years! The Bloody Sea was simply too large to turn back into its original body.

"No wonder Nine Remoteness Master can always be revived no matter how many times he dies," said Luo Feng. "It's because those that die are actually the bodies created by the ocean. The original body is Nine Remoteness Ocean itself."

Now that Luo Feng understood the secret completely, he started to laugh. The His echoed across the Bloody Sea.

"Dissipate! Dissipate!"

The sea resolved into world energies and dispersed. Instantly, the world energies that had been added due to his experimentation vanished.

"Turn back," he commanded.

A Remote Ocean original body standing at a height of almost 6,000 miles showed up again. It was the same original body with a life gene level of 300 times greater.

When Nine Remoteness Master obtained an immortal body, his combat power must have been weakened at the same time, thought Luo Feng. After all, he relies on his created bodies to fight outside. You gain some, you lose some… It would take an eternity for Nine Remoteness Ocean to reach its current size. It must have expanded stably for a long time. It would be impossible for Nine Remoteness master to dissipate his godly power and turn into a being with a diameter of 6,000 miles.

Luo Feng now understood why Nine Remoteness Master was invincible. He was already a universe master, and he continuously stored godly power so as to expand Nine Remoteness Ocean. As a result, Nine Remoteness Ocean now had a diameter of over 10 light years.

It seemed his quantitative changes had led to qualitative changes. The Nine Remoteness Ocean could already rival the most powerful true treasure in the universe, and the only downside was that it was immovable.

"I've already figured out the secret behind this," said Luo Feng. He was exhilarated. "But I don't need to expand the ocean yet. There's one more vital thing… Remote Ocean body needs to practice the Nine Volume Manual!"

Luo Feng had been looking forward to this.

******

Remote Ocean body had a life gene level 300 times greater, and finishing the first five volumes of Nine Volume Manual could improve a being's life gene level 48 times. Once Remote Ocean body started to practice, he could theoretically hit 14,400 times. However, based on Luo Feng's knowledge, even the special life forms of the universe only had life gene levels of a few thousand times greater.

"10,000 times greater," said Luo Feng. "That seems to be the limit of the life gene level of special life forms. I'll personally discover the true limit of a life gene level in the universe!"

Luo Feng felt inspired. If the limit truly was 10,000 times, Remote Ocean body could hit that limit with Nine Volume Manual. However, if the limit was more than 10,000 times, Remote Ocean body would step into a new, previously unknown realm. How could Luo Feng not be excited about the possibilities?

Luo Feng looked forward to this, but the overall premise was that Remote Ocean body first needed to practice the Nine Volume Manual.

"Although he's a special life form, he is a flesh and blood type of living being. He must be able to practice it."

Luo Feng thought so, anyway. He was, however, a bit afraid of the limitations of the universe law. After all, his original earthling body and his Golden Horned Beast body were both ordinary life forms, yet they both had life gene level thousands of times greater after practicing Nine Volume Manual. This time… Remote Ocean body would target the legendary limit!

"Begin!"

Remote Ocean body sat down on the plain with his legs crossed and started to practice Nine Volume Manual.