Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

1043 If She Fails, She’ll Get Back Up Again

She was well aware of how brutal Kingsley was.

If he knew that Lucy was telling her information about Harken, Lucy would really die at his hands. Take the scar on Lucy’s face that made her look abnormally hideous for example.

Now, the scar was starting to form a scab. Without the gauze covering, the red mark would destroy her beauty and charm.

Jeanne wondered how Kingsley would react to it if he saw it.

Anyway, it had been many days, but Kingsley had not come to see Lucy nor let her into his room.

Kingsley could be so cold-blooded.

Perhaps he had already forgotten how badly Lucy was hurt because of his cruelty.

“Why don’t you go and see Mason?” Lucy suggested.

This time, Kingsley’s anger was very wide.

Mason returned to the Delta Islands on the third day after Jeanne’s return.

After confirming that Jeanne had returned, he was not in a hurry to come back. Hence, he carried out the tasks that Jeanne had instructed him to do in South Hampton City to the best of his abilities. He only returned after making sure that everything had been arranged and handed over to Nox.

The first thing he did after returning was to meet Kingsley, but in the end, he was beaten half to death by Kingsley.

No reason was needed for Kingsley to beat him up, but in fact, the reason was clear.

Not only did Mason leave the Delta Islands with Jeanne without Kingsley’s consent, but he also did not protect Jeanne well and allowed her to be taken away by the Sanders.

Although Jeanne’s life was not in danger, it was unforgivable to Kingsley that Mason did not protect her. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

All in all, Mason was beaten up badly.

It was said that no one had seen Mason fall ever since he became the number one assassin, but apparently, Mason was carried back to his room.

Three days had passed, and for three days, Mason did not go out even once.

Jeanne went to visit him one of the days. Seeing him injured had indeed refreshed her understanding of Kingsley again.

Kingsley could really be merciless to anyone, even those around him.

Jeanne left Lucy’s room.

On one hand, she was afraid that she would ask about Monica. On the other hand, Mason was beaten up by Kingsley because of her, and she was not as cold-blooded and heartless as Kingsley!

As Lucy stared at Jeanne’s back, a faint smile appeared on her face.

She had once wondered if something would spark between Jeanne and Mason.

She admitted that she was just curious to know how badly Kingsley would react to a relationship within the Hills.

If it was Jeanne, would he indulge her? If he did, would he be able to accept such behavior?

Lucy once had high hopes for Kingsley, but now, she did not dare to anymore.

Kingsley was still the same Kingsley, and he would not become another person because of Jeanne.

Lucy extinguished the cigarette in her hand.

Then, she casually took a slightly thicker coat and put it on over her red silk bathrobe. She tied it with a belt, so it was impossible to tell what she was wearing underneath.

She walked out of her room and was going to see Kerby.

Ever since Kerby was sent to the operating table a few days ago, although his body was saved, it was obvious that he had not been in a good state of mind over the last few days.

After all, Kerby had just come out of the assassin training camp. He should be in high spirits or becoming the second Mason. However, because of the sudden incident, his current mental development was affected.

Since she was the one who caused it, she naturally had to solve it.

Of course, she did not need to feel too guilty about Kerby.

Assassins did not have much emotion. Even if their companions died for them, they might only feel a second of sadness before their deaths would become a matter of course and would soon become a thing of the past, completely forgotten.

The only reason she cared about Kerby was that she did not want the Hills to lose such talent, and she still stood with the Hills because of her own selfishness.

She still had to survive in the Hills.

She could no longer be Kingsley’s woman, but at least she could make herself valuable in the Hills.

As long as she was valuable, she would not live a bad life.

Jeanne was right.

That was the current situation of the Hills. Kingsley had the final say in everything, and no one could resist him. Hence, she could only think of ways to make her life better.