Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

1100 Announcing Jeanne’s Identity As The Princess of the Sanders

Lucy was sprawled on the ground.

She had really prepared herself mentally for Kingsley to kill her.

It made her think that was probably how a person’s life was.

To most assassins, although they were afraid of death, they understood life and death.

However, seconds ticked by, and no one came into the room. There were no so-called assassins to carry out Kingsley’s orders. It was as if Kingsley had forgotten about her.

The room was eerily quiet. Lucy felt her body turn cold, but no one appeared.

She thought that Kingsley might not kill her anymore, and it was okay if he did not kill her. To her, death was insignificant, so she would not shed tears of gratitude anymore.

She forced herself to stand up from the ground. It still hurt, but she was feeling much better than before.

She walked into the bathroom with difficulty and lay in the bathtub.

As a human, she still had the desire to live. Moreover, Lucy had always thought things through.

As long as she was alive, she should enjoy herself as much as she could.

She soaked her body in the bathtub to warm it up and then washed out the blood on her body, dying the bathtub red.

Of course, she would not stay in the bathtub for too long. In her situation, her wounds would get infected easily.

The moment she got out of the bathtub, she even took a shower to wash herself off before putting on a thick bathrobe and returning to the room.

There were many bloodstains in the room.

She made a phone call and told the servant from the maids to come and replace her bedsheets. She thought that since Kingsley did not kill her, she could still exercise her rights.

However, as for the doctors, she did not ring them up anymore.

After all, Kingsley had tried to stop the doctor. If she continued to call for them, she would be disobeying his orders.

After being in the Hills for so many years, she had always abided by her duties and knew her limits; she had never crossed the line.

To this day, she still did not quite understand when she had provoked Kingsley to that extent.

Was it because of Millie?

She really could not understand.

In the future, she would have to live a difficult life.

The maid quickly changed the carpet and bed sheets for Lucy. In the Hills, even the servants were used to blood.

After changing, Lucy went to find the first aid kit. Then, she cleaned her wound in front of the large mirror.

The bleeding had stopped, and there was no need for stitches. Hence, she just applied some ointment to prevent the wound from being infected and for it to heal faster.

After Lucy was done, she went back to lying on the clean bed.

She needed sleep to heal her wounds.

His heart and body were recovering at the same time.

…

Under the night sky, Kingsley stood on the balcony of his room, smoking.

The ground was full of cigarette butts, indicating the mania of the smoker at the moment who was suppressing his emotions.

His mind was filled with Lucy, the image of her stubborn look that she would rather die than compromise with him.

He really had the urge to kill her.

In this world, no one could threaten him like that except Jeanne, and no one could resist him in his territory unless they were dead.

However, he wanted to do it several times but could not bring himself to do it. At that moment, he still had not made up his mind whether to kill Lucy or not.

Should he kill that woman, who was obviously starting to rebel against him?

Again, only the cigarette butt was left.

In fact, even if Lucy admitted her mistake, he would… forgive her. Then, he would treat her and…

Kingsley’s expression turned even uglier at the thought of Lucy’s bloodied body and how she was trembling from the pain.

He clenched his fists. His expression was extremely unsightly.

At that moment, he did not even know what the root cause of his anger was!

Moreover, why would that woman have such a huge impact on him? Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Why did he not kill her?

…

Three days later, Kingsley brought Jeanne and all the top assassins of the Hills back to South Hampton City.

Ultimately, Lucy was one of them. After all, Lucy was very useful as she could give him a lot of advice during the mission.

Over the last three days, Lucy had not shown herself in front of Kingsley.

He did not know what she was up to, or perhaps she was just lying in bed and recuperating.

Anyway, when he saw her again, her body seemed to have recovered.