Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

1146 Monica Risked Her Life To Save Finn

After Fourth Master was taken away by the Sanders, Teddy knew that the situation had become serious. Therefore, he did not dare to ask.

Once Finn had given his instructions, he hung up the phone and immediately dialed another number.

He said quickly and anxiously, “I’m being hunted down by the Sanders. I’m now at Jade Boulevard, and I need support!”

After saying that, he did not get a reply from the other party, nor did he have the time.

Due to the distraction caused by the phone call, the car that he had shaken off was already dashing toward him.

Finn gritted his teeth.

He suddenly turned the steering wheel at an intersection. With no time to check if there was anything wrong with the direction he was going in, he stepped on the accelerator and drove in that direction. The moment he drove over, he suddenly realized that a black modified car was coming straight at him.

He stepped on the brake hard, and the violent screeching of the brakes sounded on the road again.

However, the car that was rapidly approaching in front of him and the car that was hot on his heels made it impossible for Finn to escape.

There was also no time to jump out of the car.

At that moment, the only thing he could do was to brace himself in a posture that could protect himself the most and wait for the impact. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

The next second, his car was violently hit.

Finn felt the strong impact of the collision, but he suddenly realized that he was not being attacked by two cars. Instead, his car had been madly knocked away by a speeding car without any hesitation.

He was knocked out by a car that drove over.

The moment he was knocked out, the two cars crashed, from both sides, into that car that had knocked him out.

The entire street was filled with loud noises. It was as if the sky was falling!

When Finn turned around and saw the car, he was suddenly in a daze.

He did not even know what kind of situation he was in at the moment. He just stared at the familiar car, which belonged to Monica, crushed by the two cars until it was deformed.

He was very sure that the person in the car was Monica.

He saw her driving the moment he left the hospital, or rather, it looked like Monica was driving…

No. That was impossible!

Monica would never save him with her life.

He frantically pulled out his seat belt.

At that moment, all the airbags had deployed. Hence, he used all his strength to break free from the airbag and opened the door frantically.

Then, he quickly ran to Monica’s car.

At that moment, he could not feel any danger even when the people had gotten out of the two cars.

The hand, which was hidden under his clothes, was holding a black pistol.

All his attention was on the deformed car in front of him. He did not dare to imagine if the person inside could still live when the car was so deformed.

Was the person inside still alive?

He reached out and knocked on the driver’s door which was locked. Then, he went crazy and smashed the window of the driver’s seat.

His vision was blurry. He could not even see everything in front of him clearly.

He only had one thought in his mind: Monica could not die, and he would not let Monica die.

He slammed his hand against the car window, one punch after another until his hand was covered in blood.

He could not feel pain, to begin with, and he felt even number now. All he wanted was to break that glass and bring Monica out.

He could not even sense the two people, who got out of the two cars, approaching him.

From behind, a man took out a gun hidden in his clothes and pointed it at his head. All the man had to do was pull the trigger and Finn would be dead.

However, at that moment, Finn no longer seemed to care. All of his attention was on the car in front of him — on the woman in the car.

“Bang!” A gunshot sounded and echoed in the sky.

The chaotic street instantly fell silent because of that gunshot.

In an instant, the silence turned into screams, and countless cars drove away in a frenzy.