Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 120: An Overbearing Female CEO

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

After Jeanne finished the meeting, she called Forrest and they returned to her office together.

“Do you remember I told you that there was a mole in our project team?” Jeanne asked.

“Yes.” Forrest nodded.

“We need to kick this person out of our project team as soon as possible. Otherwise, it will be hard for us to carry out our future matters.”

“Okay, I’ll go investigate right away.”

“There’s no need to waste too much of your time investigating this person. To put it bluntly, this person is just a small fry. Even if we find out, we might not be able to find any evidence, and we won’t be able to do anything to him. If we are fortunate enough to find some evidence to teach him a lesson, he’s just a small employee after all. I really don’t want to waste my energy on something that’s just for the sake of feeling good.”

“Then what do you intend to do, Director Lawrence?” Forrest had worked in the industry for many years, and he really could not guess what Jeanne was thinking.

“Keep the people you think are the least suspicious. Get the others to quit the project team with the excuse that we already have enough manpower.”

“Just like that? So simply and crudely?” Forrest was surprised.

“Yupe,” Jeanne affirmed. “I need you to settle this matter now. I still have a lot of things to do later, and I don’t want to waste time on this.”

Forrest took a deep breath.

He said, “Okay.”

Then, he took out a piece of A4 paper and wrote down the names of the project team members.

He analyzed them one by one.

Finally,

“There are four people whom I really don’t have 100% confidence in.” Forrest looked at Jeanne. “Kelly Waters, Mindy Stonewall, Lexter Hawks, and Johnson Mannor.”

“Okay.”

“You’re not going to ask me for a reason?” Forrest was surprised.

“No, as long as you’re sure,” Jeanne said straightforwardly. “These four people will return to their respective departments. The remaining six will have a meeting in my personal conference room in half an hour. There are some things that I need to explain.”

“Okay.” Forrest quickly nodded.

He definitely had to adapt to Director Lawrence’s swift and decisive style of doing things.

Half an hour later.

Jeanne sat in the meeting room.

The remaining six people in the project team, including Forrest, were quietly waiting for Jeanne’s work arrangements.

“It’s not about work matters, there are just some things that need to be clarified,” Jeanne said straightforwardly.

Everyone looked at her.

“Everyone must be very curious as to why the project team only has six people left behind, and why the other four left. I’m here to tell everyone that someone among those four people has become a traitor.”

Everyone else was in an uproar.

“Don’t be surprised. In the face of benefits, anyone can lose control. Perhaps one day, all of you will too. I’m not doubting your character, but this is human nature. The reason why I’m holding this meeting today, with you alone, is to remind everyone to adhere to their own principles and not be driven by benefits. You might wonder why I did not pursue the existence of the previous traitor. It is not because I don’t dare to, but because I don’t want to waste time. If there is another one among you, I will definitely not tolerate the existence of this traitor. It is only natural for me to not only fire this person, but I will make sure to sue him in court as well.” Jeanne’s tone was serious.

Everyone felt a little uncomfortable.

“Of course, since I have pressured everyone, I will now give the corresponding encouragement. After signing the MUK contract today, I applied for a bonus for everyone. I will exclude myself as part of the bonus. The six of you present can split it equally among yourselves, one hundred thousand each.”

“Really?” At the mention of money, the unhappiness from earlier disappeared in an instant.

Jeanne nodded.

“This is so sudden.” One of the project team members, Hans Rowland exclaimed with astonishment.

“There will be many more such surprises in the future.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Director Lawrence, don’t worry. Even if someone points a knife at me, I will never betray you!” Another team member, Darren Yarr, quickly expressed his stance.

“You guys are really greedy when it comes to money,” Forrest said with disdain.

“Being greedy for money is a good thing.” Jeanne smiled and said, “An employee who doesn’t put money in his or her eyes is not a good employee. But the premise is that the money must be clean and earned.”

“Don’t worry, Director Lawrence. I will definitely not do anything that will let you down.”

“Me too.”

The members of the project team expressed their stances one after another.

Jeanne nodded slightly, “I won’t waste everyone’s time any further. Everyone, do your jobs well. Please look forward to receiving your salaries.”

“Yes.”

Jeanne left.

Forrest looked at her slender and seductive figure as she left. She held a strong demeanor wherever she went. If he had not experienced it personally, he would never have thought that such a beautiful woman is capable of unleashing such a powerful ability.

Not to mention her own capabilities, but even her management ability was amazing.

In the end, the rumored Ms. Lawrence, who was completely useless, had a bad reputation, and was even immoral, was all just a figment of people’s imagination.

Jeanne was obviously an overbearing female CEO.

…

The change in the project team members caused a slight disturbance in Lawrence Enterprise’s marketing department.

The four people who were fired also had some complaints. They even went to Jeanne individually to express their dissatisfaction. However, they were all convinced by Jeanne’s words and left dejectedly.

Joshua’s traitor, Kelly Waters, was directly kicked out of the game just like that.

Joshua was dying of anger.

The remaining members of the project team were all Jeanne’s confidants. Indeed, only the members of the project team knew the most about Jeanne’s project. Joshua spent half a month but still could not conquer anyone within the team. This made him even more irritable.

Half a month later.

The construction of the logistics warehouse was already underway on a large scale.

The speed was astonishingly fast.

Eden could not withstand Melody Sanders’s pressure and came to question Joshua. “It’s been so long, and you still haven’t bribed anyone?”

“I don’t know what kind of bewitching tonic Jeanne has given these people. I’ve even spent a few million, but no one is willing to be my spy.”Joshua was equally as irritable.

“What’s the use of having you?”

“Then tell me, how should I bribe her? You haven’t come into contact with Jeanne in the workplace. So you have no idea how strong this woman is. She really seems to have magic power. Everyone unconsciously wants to follow in her footsteps...”

“You’re just praising her and making yourself sound bad.” Eden interrupted him.

“I really have no choice! Can’t I use other methods to kill Jeanne? Do I really have to know what she’s doing?”Joshua said in a slightly mischievous manner.

Eden felt that Joshua could not be counted on any longer.

Eden directly hung up the phone.

After hanging up the phone, he was also filled with anger.

What a waste!

He lit a cigarette and suppressed his emotions to calm himself down.

Therefore, it was impossible to find Jeanne’s focus in the project and give her a fatal blow. He could only... create obstacles.

He put out his cigarette and picked up the phone to make a call. “Micheal, we can only use that move.”

“You still can’t get any information on Jeanne’s project?”

“We can’t count on Joshua.”

“Okay,” Micheal said. “It’s fine as long as you’ve decided. It’s just that there will be some risks. Be careful and don’t get caught. It’s not worth it to let Jeanne ruin your future.”

“Don’t worry, even if I get caught, there will still be a scapegoat.”

“What do you need me to do for you?” Micheal asked.

“You just need to help me inform the other side. I’ll take care of the other matters. Since this is related to Jeanne, I don’t want to rely on you guys too much. I want to personally kill her.”

“I trust you.” Micheal gave his affirmation. “I’ll inform the other side immediately .”

“Okay.”

Eden’s eyes turned cold.

‘Jeanne, you’re just seeking death.’

‘I’ll make you die horribly.’

…

Lawrence Enterprise.

9 pm.

Jeanne stretched her back.

For the sake of the logistics warehouse’s progress, she had been working until this hour for almost an entire week.

She sorted out the information she had on hand.

Currently, the MUK’s online system has already opened and the e-commerce platform has been set up. She expected the internal testing to be done in a week’s time, and after two weeks, the pilot operation of the regional opening would be completed. She had to complete the construction of local logistics warehouses in a week. The most important one was the main warehouse in South Hampton City. Her goal was not only to build the warehouses but more importantly, to ensure the smooth flow of transportation and logistics.

She took a deep breath and could not think about work anymore.

Her brain cells needed rest.

She picked up her bag and got off work. Just as she walked to the front door of The Lawrence Enterprise, she saw a seemingly low-key but outrageously luxurious sedan parked there.

The car window was rolled down.

That was when Fourth Master Swan’s extremely beautiful face, which could not be ignored, appeared in front of her without any warning.

Jeanne blinked.

She was never someone who would lust after beautiful men.

No.

She was not.

She could pretend that she did not see him and walk away.

“Ms. Lawrence, I have been waiting for you for a long time.” An exquisitely magnetic voice came from the car.

Jeanne gritted her teeth.

The Fourth Master Swan, whom she had not seen for more than half a month, came again.