Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

1219 Two Become One

Monica took a car to Finn’s apartment.

She used to live there for three years, but after the divorce, she moved out. Finn, on the other hand, had always lived here, and now… she was back here again, standing at the door.

In fact, at that moment, she really did not know if she should ring the doorbell or not. Although she had agreed to it just now, she was still conflicted about it on the way here.

She had originally thought that their relationship should end.

After all, it had been so long since the accident happened that his guilt and her anticipation for the relationship should have settled, that they would not be impulsive anymore.

If anything happened tonight, would they not be repeating the same mistakes?

Monica stood at the door for a long time, so long that her legs seemed to have gone numb. Then, she took a deep breath before she turned around to leave.

She thought that since she was so hesitant and could not make up her mind, she would forget it. It was best for her and Finn to break up early anyway.

However, it was at that moment that the door suddenly opened. Monica, who was about to leave, stopped in her tracks.

She looked back and saw Finn appear at the door. He was still wearing the black suit that he had worn tonight and was opening the door for her.

He said, “I’m here.”

His tone was casual as if what they were doing now was only a matter of course, and there was no need for her to feel conflicted.

Monica chuckled. Actually, between adults, what was there to be conflicted about sleeping together?

“Come in.” Finn reached out and held her hand in his palm.

Monica furrowed her brows a little.

His palms were wet. Was he nervous, so nervous that his palms were sweating?

Nevertheless, Monica followed Finn into his house.

Nothing in the house seemed to have changed. The decorations back then were actually based on Finn’s preferences, so it was still simple, clean, and tidy. The only difference was… they used to live separately.

This time, Finn brought her straight to his room which had a manly style. The grayish-white tone would make people feel a hint of coldness, which was exactly the same as the feeling Finn gave them.

“Do you want to take a bath?” Finn asked her.

Monica nodded.

“You don’t have any clothes here. Can I give you my bathrobe to wear?” Finn let go of her hand and said as he helped her to find a change of clothes.

Again, Monica nodded.

Finn placed his clean bathrobe into the bathroom and turned on the water for Monica. He then said to her, “It’s ready.”

Monica walked into the bathroom and closed the door. It was only at that moment that Finn seemed to heave a heavy sigh of relief.

In fact, he had been watching from inside the house for as long as Monica had been standing at the door. Hence, he saw all of Monica’s struggle and hesitation.

He knew that Monica might have been acting impulsively just now by saying that she wanted to sleep with him.

He had never thought of having sex with Monica, even though Jeanne had reminded him several times that it was best to have a child at the age of 25. He took it to heart but never thought of maintaining his relationship with Monica in that way. He had always felt that their relationship needed time, and as time passed, they would remarry and then naturally have children.

It was a… slow process, and he could not be too hasty.

He initially thought that Monica shared the same thoughts as him. From the moment Monica refused to marry him, he thought that Monica had become rational when it came to relationships and would no longer act rashly or impulsively. The two of them needed to help each other slowly and naturally.

However, he admitted that Monica had made him feel a little flustered today. He could sense the panic in Monica that she wanted to withdraw from their relationship.

Therefore, the moment Monica turned around and left, he did not hesitate to open the door and tell her to stay. In fact, he was a little scared.

He felt that Monica’s departure might really mean that she was going to leave, whereas he, on the other hand, really wanted to be with her again, for the rest of his life.

Finn glanced in the direction of the bathroom and then got up to leave the room. He went to the bathroom outside to take a shower.

After all, it was very late now, and he was a very rational person. At that moment, he had also considered that they both had to go to work tomorrow. Hence, he tried his best not to be late. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

However, Monica did not seem to think the same.

She admitted that she had grown up a lot, but some deep-rooted habits could not be changed.