Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 127: Domineering Response Against the Conspiracy

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Swanhaven Bank.

Eden was also enjoying the hot news of the day.

The Sanders announced their plans in City Hall today, and it caused an uproar in the business world.

Everyone knew that Lawrences had built the top logistics warehouse there, and the plan of the amusement park project was undoubtedly forcing them to a dead end.

After giving it some thought, was the Sanders deliberately targeting the Lawrences by doing this? After all, no one had heard about the construction of an amusement park there before. If that was really the case, then did the Lawrences offend someone from the Sanders?

Thinking about the entire situation on a deeper level, everyone would have to avoid the Lawrences in the future, so that they would not provoke the Sanders.

Eden looked at it for a long time before he made a call. “Micheal, you’re the smarter one.”

“It just occurred to me.”

“I was planning to put everything on the line. If you hadn’t called me last night, I would have started to do something... improper.”

“It’s not that bad. There’s no need to take the risk.”

“Yes. I was too impatient and was too extreme.”

“Let’s see the effect first. If we can use this method to get MUK and the Lawrences to terminate the contract, we won’t have to do anything else.”

“From a businessman’s point of view, MUK won’t choose to suffer along with the Lawrences. After all, MUK is a foreign company. Not to mention the losses, if they want to establish a foothold in South Hampton city, they won’t find a company that is obviously targeted by the government to cooperate with.” Eden was a little excited, “Micheal, you went abroad for so many years. All your studying did not go to waste.”

“You’re flattering me.” Micheal was modest and did not say much. He only reminded, “Don’t let your guard down.”

“I know.”

The two of them exchanged a few more words and hung up the phone.

Eden sneered.

He wanted to see how Jeanne could turn the situation around by herself.

…

Jeanne was in the conference room at the moment.

All the members of the project team were sitting together in a meeting.

Jeanne briefly told them what had happened and everyone joined in the discussion.

“Director Lawrence,” Hans Rowland said, “The news is out.”

Jeanne picked up her phone.

The big headline — The Sanders are planning to build the world’s largest amusement park, and it has a huge impact on Lawrence Enterprise’s Logistics Warehouse.

Jeanne took a few glances at the content.

Mandy Lewis said, “It’s trending.”

Everyone clicked on the trending search again.

#Lawrence Enterprise’s Logistics Warehouse#, #Lawrence Enterprise targeted#, #Lawrence Enterprise facing a corporate crisis#, and even #MUK’s investment fiasco# had already been trending.

Jeanne put down her phone.

She said, “The situation is indeed very serious, so we can’t waste time and think of a way to resolve it.”

“Yes.” Everyone put down their phones and looked at Jeanne.

Jeanne said bluntly, “The Sanders’s sudden construction plan is not just speculation by the media. I personally think that the Lawrence Enterprise has indeed been targeted.”

As for who...

Melody Sanders.

Only the Sanders had such power.

“If we are really targeted by the Sanders, do we even have a way to solve it?” Mandy was not confident.

“There is a way to solve everything.” Jeanne gave her affirmation. “I have thought of a few aspects for the time being. Everyone, follow my arrangements.”

“Yes.”

“First, understand the construction plans of the amusement park planned by the Sanders. Is it to be built immediately, or is it just a plan? If it’s to be built now, how long will it take? Forrest, you will be in charge of connecting with the public relations department to find out more about the situation. If there are any problems, come to me directly. I will communicate with you.”

“Yes,” Forrest agreed.

“Second, Mandy will give me a detailed account of the current construction progress of the logistics warehouse and the amount of money we have invested. If we stop the construction now, how much will we lose? The more accurate the data, the better. I need to know clearly if I choose another location, how much will our company have to compensate for.”

“Yes.”

“Hans, prepare a map of the logistics warehouse to the main road of the traffic expressway. It needs to be extremely accurate, down to all the restaurants on each street. I want to know if I can open up a road that is exclusive to us.”

“Yes.”

“Everyone hurry up,” Jeanne ordered. “Meeting adjourned.”

After leaving the office, she turned back to Amy. “Come with me to the logistics warehouse to take a look at the scene.”

“I’ll arrange a car right away.”

“No need. I’ll drive.”

Amy hurriedly followed Director Lawrence’s footsteps.

She always felt that no matter what happened to Director Lawrence, she was always calm and collected.

Things that were originally extremely difficult to handle did not seem to be a big deal when she dealt with it.

…

Jeanne brought Amy to the logistics warehouse.

She looked at the warehouse that was half-built and frowned. “Why did the construction stop?”

“I don’t know. I’ll call the person in charge immediately,” Amy said quickly.

Jeanne nodded.

After a while.

The person in charge drove over and saw Jeanne with great respect. “Director Lawrence.”

“Why are they all stopping work?” Jeanne’s expression changed slightly.

“We received an order from Director Hoffman in the afternoon asking us to stop work. I just asked the workers to leave first.”

“Bryce Hoffman?” Jeanne frowned slightly.

“Yes.”

“Okay, I understand,” Jeanne said straightforwardly. “Now I ask you to call the workers back immediately and continue working.”

“But...” the person-in-charge was in a difficult position.

“Is it difficult to call the workers back?”

“That’s not it. The workers are eager to come back to work. It’s just Director Hoffman’s side...”

“I will handle it. If he pursues it, I will take responsibility. You call the workers back immediately to start work.”

The person in charge hesitated. He could not resist Jeanne, so he immediately contacted the workers to come back.

The workers came to the scene one after another with complaints.

Jeanne watched the workers start work as usual, and she drove away with Amy.

The phone rang while the car was still on the road.

“Jeanne, where are you now?” Alexander’s voice was a little angry.

“I’m on my way back to the company.”

“You’re the one who said to let the workers continue working?”

“It’s me.”

“Do you know what’s going on right now? Don’t you watch the news? It’s obvious that we can’t build this logistics warehouse anymore. Stopping the losses immediately is the best way for us!” Alexander’s tone was very heavy, “What on earth are you thinking?”

“So you agreed to let the workers stop working.”

“Why wouldn’t I agree?”

“General manager, everyone is saying that the Sanders is targeting us. If you immediately stop working now, it means that you’ve confirmed that as the truth. In that case, have you thought about the situation of the Lawrences in the future?”Jeanne reminded.

Alexander was stunned.

He did not think so much.

Right now, he was thinking about how to make this project not lose so much money.

“Once we are confirmed that the Sanders is targeting us, which other companies are willing to cooperate with us in the future?”

“So now we can only brace ourselves and persevere? In the current situation where the Lawrence Enterprise is in such a difficult financial situation, why are you still throwing money at them? Do you want the Lawrences to go bankrupt?” The more Alexander said, the angrier he got.

“I won’t let the Lawrence Enterprise go bankrupt.” Jeanne’s eyes narrowed.

She would only let people in the Lawrences go bankrupt.

“Why should I believe you?”

“I’m thinking of a way to solve our current predicament. Please don’t drag us down, general manager.”

“Jeanne, enough with your ruthlessness...”

Jeanne directly hung up the phone.

She was strong and firm.

Amy, who was sitting next to her, was so frightened by Director Lawrence that she did not even dare to breathe.

Jeanne was driving while making a call. “Grandfather.”

“Jeanne...”

“I’m thinking of a way to solve our Lawrence Enterprise’s predicament. As I don’t have time, I won’t take the time to report to you for the time being. However, I can guarantee that I can solve it.” Jeanne directly interrupted what Jonathan Lawrence was about to say.

“So what do you want me to do for you?”Joshua was, after all, an old fox in the business world. He immediately understood Jeanne’s intentions.

“I need you to stop my father from interfering in the current situation. He will drag me down.”

There was silence on the other end.

“Grandfather, you know exactly what my father is capable of.”Jeanne reminded.

“Okay,” the other end agreed immediately. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Thank you, Grandfather.”

“Don’t let me down.”

“I won’t.”

Jeanne directly hung up the phone.

She said to Amy, “Call everyone in the project team and tell them to work overtime tonight.”

“Yes.”

“Including you.”

“Yes.”

Amy took a deep breath.

Director Lawrence was really domineering.

Amy called everyone one by one.

No one in the project team declined. They all agreed.

It was as if they were determined to live and die with Director Lawrence.

Amy put down her phone.

She turned to look at the street outside and suddenly looked back at Director Lawrence’s speed.

The next second, she sat up straight, her heart racing.

This speed, this speed... was she seeing things?