Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 128: I Fulfill All the Definitions of a Bad Girl

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

A perfect drift.

Jeanne parked the car in Lawrence Enterprise’s garage.

She opened the car door and threw the keys directly into the driver’s seat. “Come back to your senses and get out of the car.”

Amy just looked at Director Lawrence’s silhouette as she walked away.

“Ugh...” Amy opened the car door fiercely.

She vomited all over the floor.

It was too scary.

Director Lawrence’s driving skills were too scary!

…

Jeanne returned to the office.

Forrest saw her return and quickly followed her in.

He reported his work, “Director Lawrence, I got some information about the construction of the amusement park project from the public relations department. This is the specific content of their plan this time. I have already taken a look. The scale of the construction is very large. It’s the largest amusement park in South Hampton City so far, comparable to the top three in the world.”

Jeanne took the document and lowered her head to read it.

Forrest continued, “At the same time, I also asked my colleagues in the public relations department to inquire about it. The amusement park project was indeed a temporary landing. Now, their planning department is also in a mess, working overtime to make a plan. It’s said that the construction time is very tight, and their goal is to complete the bidding within a month. Within half a year, 10% of the amusement park’s entertainment facilities should be completed, and it will open for business. The remaining 91% will open for business while expanding.”

Jeanne’s eyes moved slightly. “Who’s in charge?”

“The person directly in charge of this project is South Hampton City’s mayor, Tiffany Larson. The person in charge of its implementation is South Hampton?City Land Use Authority Department minister, Hugo Willow.”

Jeanne pursed her lips.

She raised her head to look at Forrest.

“From the current situation, the amusement park’s project will definitely be built, and it will be built very quickly. And from the plan’s geographical location, it is right next to our logistics warehouse. This is the map that Hans just got. Director Lawrence, you can take a look.” Forrest placed the local map on her desk and pointed at the geographical location, “This is the location of our logistics warehouse, and this area is surrounded by the amusement park. The area is ten times larger than ours. The first place to develop and build is here. I compared the construction blueprints of our logistics warehouse with theirs, and it just so happened that they are located at a passageway that we plan to use for transport. The main entrance of the amusement park is right here.”

Jeanne sneered.

They were really ruthless.

“I have to say,” Forrest sighed heavily, “I can see that the government is deliberately targeting us. Speaking of which, Director Lawrence, did anyone from your family offend the people from the government? Otherwise, why would they target an enterprise like this? No matter what, enterprises can contribute to the local economy. Most of the government’s financial revenue comes from the tax revenue of the enterprises. Logically, the government should be supporting us, so why are they suppressing us instead?”

“That’s why we can not let go of this point,” Jeanne suddenly said.

Forrest was stunned.

Director Lawrence had thought of a way? Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Gather all the project team members and have a meeting first. We will discuss countermeasures together.”

“Yes.”

All the members of the project team sat in the meeting room.

Jeanne said, “Just now, Team Leader Jackson has already reported to me about the current threat of the amusement park project to us. I won’t go into its details at the meeting. As long as everyone knows the seriousness of this matter, it’s fine.”

Everyone had a heavy expression on their faces.

Jeanne, on the other hand, was calm. “Mandy Lewis, I asked you to do the calculation. If we choose to stop this project, how much will we lose?”

“I just did a preliminary calculation with my colleagues in the finance department. Since time is tight, there’s no way to be too precise. There should be about 5% difference from the estimate.”

“It’s okay, you can tell me,” Jeanne said straightforwardly.

Mandy reported, “First, we look at the cost if we stop the construction now. We’ve already invested 300 million in the cost, but we can only get back 20 million. We already signed the contract for the 200 million construction and renovation, even though the construction work has not been completed. If the contract is terminated now, the compensation would be about 30%, which will be 60 million. This meant that we would directly lose 340 million. Second, the land that we are currently using to build the logistics warehouse is owned by Lawrence Enterprise, so there is no accounting of costs. But if we are to choose a new site now, then we will also have to account for a land purchase or land lease fee. Based on the current average land value of Harken, it would probably exceed 1 billion. That is to say, stopping this project would cause our economic losses to be close to 1.5 billion. That’s a direct loss. If you add that to the turmoil in the stock market caused by the project, and the possible termination of the MUK Group contract, it’s really incalculable.”