Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1273  Edward's Rise and Alex's Defeat

Even at this moment, Alex was still a little excited.

From the moment he was under Edward's control, he had maintained his calm.

He did not want anyone to see him in such a sorry state.

Not even Edward.

As the only descendant of the Duncans, he had a mission and had worked hard for so many years to get to where he was today. He could not let anyone see him collapse. Even if he had nothing, he could not lose his pride.

This was the dignity of the Duncan family.

No one could be trampled on.

But now, he was still angered by Edward.

Everything he had done was to let Edward and him rule the world together.

He was even willing to give half of his territory to Edward!

Yet, because of a woman, Edward had rejected him.

Edward had truly disappointed him.

He was so disappointed that he admitted that he was taking revenge on Edward when he dealt with Jeanne.

He wanted to let Edward know.

At that moment, Alex was left speechless.

23:48

He was a man, a truly powerful man.

Everything should have been dealt with cleanly!

"Alex, did I say that I want the country?" Edward asked him coldly.

Alex was stunned.

"Since I was young, have I ever said that I want the country and power?" Edward asked him repeatedly, "Do you really know what I want?! ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"I don't need to know! I only know that as my only younger brother, half of everything I've conquered is yours!" Alex emphasized every word. He could not hear what Edward was saying.

"I've never had any desire for power. Everything I've done to you were done in numbness. I just want to help you complete everything you want to achieve. As for what will happen after you achieve it... I may still be by your side after I'm done, but I'm not keen on it. I just feel that since my life was given to me by you, I wouldn't have been born if it wasn't for you. So, I should give you everything in my life. But Alex, human feelings are mutual. I can give you everything, but you can't even tolerate a single grain of sand."

"I am doing this for your own good! I've shared with you the things that I want the most in my life, and I've given you half of the power and empire that I've set my eyes on so much. Am I not good enough to you?" Alex said to Edward angrily.

"No, I don't. That's because you're selfish," Edward said coldly.

Alex's face was extremely ugly.

"It's because of selfishness that you don't consider other people's thoughts, that you compulsively gave me what you thought you felt was best." Edward hit the nail on the head.

At that moment, Alex was left speechless.

"If you weren't so selfish, if you could really let go of your preconceptions and accept my changes, if you could accept that there are many important people in my life besides you, you wouldn't have forced me to this point. You wouldn't have forced me to rebel against you to this point!" Edward looked at Alex, seeing his veins bulging in anger. "We used to be brothers, but now, because of your selfish desires, we have become enemies!"

"It's not my fault, and I'm not selfish!" Alex glared at Edward, his entire being filled with rage. "You're the one who betrayed our promise. You've forgotten that you promised me that you'd be with me for the rest of my life!

"Alex, people grow up." Edward was calm.

Even with the slightest emotional fluctuation, he would remain calm.

"Since you were young, you were locked up in a house. Your world was either black or white. In your world, other than politics and the country, there was only my blood. But I'm not. Although I have a mission, I grew up in a normal social group, and my feelings will slowly enrich as I grow. I won't be as single-minded as you, and I won't be as stubborn as you!"

"That's because you betrayed us!"

"I've betrayed you," Edward admitted. "However, your first reaction when you found out that I had betrayed you was not to try to understand me, or even to understand me. Instead, you controlled me at the first moment and forced me to obey you. Alex, the only thing that hasn't changed is that you didn't break the promise between us. But what has changed is that you betrayed our feelings!"

"I didn't! If I didn't care for you, would I have given you the power of the country?"

"You knew that what you did would cause me so much harm, but you still chose to hurt me. If this isn't betrayal, what is it then?" Edward's eyes narrowed, and he said heavily, "Perhaps you did not betray me! Ultimately, you don't care for me at all."