Chapter 1274  Edward’s Rise and Alex’s Defeat

Alex's eyes were red.

At that moment, he was still furious at Edward's accusation. His face looked ferocious.

"You're just insecure. You just think that there's no one close to you in this world except me. You're afraid that you'll be the only one left. That's why you're so afraid that I'll leave. You've never really thought of me as your brother. You're like everyone else, including the mother I've never met who gave birth to me. You're just using me as a tool."

Alex looked at Edward with a terrifying expression.

It was as if he could not accept it.

Edward's words were so straightforward.

"It's just that none of you expected this tool to have its own thoughts one day," Edward said coldly.

Actually… There were not many emotional fluctuations.

Sometimes, he could not understand, but after being numb to it, he figured it out.

"Alex. I rebelled against your regime. I went against everyone's expectations of me. I betrayed my mother's mission to give birth to me. However, I don't owe you anything. I don't owe any of you anything," Edward said clearly.

Alex sneered and laughed coldly.

Edward did not owe them anything.

So, did he owe Edward something?!

Edward was a tool his mother had left for him!

Should he not use Edward as he pleased?!

It was Edward.

He had let him down!

He had let his mother down!

He had let everyone down!

Edward looked at Alex indifferently.

He knew very well that he could not convince Alex.

In Alex's heart, there was nothing wrong with himself.

He had already given Edward the greatest favor while Edward was the one who did not know how to be grateful.

In fact, one could not blame Alex for being so stubborn.

After all, this was all he knew as he grew up.

Actually, he was just a victim of politics.

Sadly, they were just sacrificial lambs.

He thought that perhaps Alex would not admit his sorrow until the moment of his death.

Admitting that becoming such a numb and paranoid person was the sorrow of life!

He had only come today to tell Alex that he did not feel guilty.

He then turned to leave. Right before he left, he turned around and said, "Alex, we will never meet again!"

From this moment on, they had nothing to do with each other anymore.

Edward left.

His cold back facing Alex became distant.

Alex vaguely remembered that after his mother gave birth to Edward, she held his hand and said, "Alex, don't treat him as a tool. He's your younger brother."

That was right—Edward was his brother.

However, he had already forgotten. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Susan appeared beside Alex after Edward left for a long time.

Honestly, she actually liked Alex and not Edward.

She had long realized that the man in front of her was no longer her brother, yet she did not tell anyone because she had selfishly fallen in love with Alex.

Therefore, she gave up on avenging her brother.

She had endured so much for Alex but he pushed her away.

Regardless of whether he loved her or not, as long as he was still William Gates, she would never be able to be with him for the rest of her life.

When Alex asked her to marry Edward, she had a thought, a terrible thought.

However, she came to an agreement with Edward.

Edward understood that he had to be strong when it came to Jeanne!

When Alex pushed her away, he understood that only by making Alex lose everything could she really be with him.

Therefore, their compromise was to cooperate.

In order not to make Alex suspicious, she chose to cater to him.

She had always thought that this cooperation might take a long time to come to fruition.

In the end, it was faster than she had imagined!

She was really afraid that one day, she would fall in love with Edward during their working together.

But on that day, he succeeded.

Later on, when she returned to Alex's side, she gradually found out that Alex's empire was given to him by Edward.

If Edward wanted to take it back, he could.

It was Alex himself who did not recognize the reality!