Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1275  A Woman Appears

Alex might not have expected that the government he had been looking forward to for so many years would return to its former state in just two to three years.

In the past, there were still eyes on him.

He was still looking at Edward, who was glowing in front of everyone.

In the short year since Edward ascended the throne, he reorganized the internal affairs and changed the blood of all the courtiers to unify the internal affairs.

He developed the economy, expanded industries, revived agriculture, and signed import-export cooperative trade agreements one by one with other countries.

He was committed to free health care and free education, alleviating the pressure on the national economy and improving the happiness of the people. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

He developed a new industry and cultivated artificial intelligence technology alone. He became one of the few advanced countries in the world with artificial intelligence…

In one year, Harken had reached unprecedented prosperity.

Not only in the country, but Edward's reputation had also skyrocketed in the hearts of the people. Even internationally, he had a deep influence.

It seemed that in just one year, everyone had forgotten that there had been many internal riots in Harken before this.

In a flash, three years had gone by!

It had been three years since Jeanne's death.

Monica sat in her office and read a special report on Edward.

Of course, he chose to report on his outstanding performance. It would not involve any scandalous news.

It was undeniable that Edward was indeed capable and had all kinds of abilities.

In just a year, Harken had reached its peak for thousands of years. It was really incomparable to ordinary people.

He was indeed a good leader, but he was really not a good person!

This was based on the fact that he could let go of Jeanne so quickly for the sake of his rights, Monica was certain that Edward was a scumbag.

Not only did he abandon Jeanne, but he also abandoned Susan.

After William Gates was dethroned, the Gates family also suffered. Not only were all the assets of the Gates family confiscated, but everyone in the Gates family was also sent overseas and  not allowed to step into Harken again, including Susan.

In other words, after Edward made use of Susan, she abandoned her heartlessly.

What was the point of giving birth to a daughter for him?!

There was no need for him to use her.

Monica really did not expect that Harken would eventually become Fourth Master Swan's world.

She had never thought that Fourth Master Swan's desire for power had reached such a level. She had always thought that he would do anything for Jeanne!

So had Fourth Master Swan always harbored a desire for power? Or was he always hiding this side of him?

From the beginning, Fourth Master Swan had been aiming for the position of the chief of the Harken!

Monica put down her phone.

She felt that if this continued, her depression would flare up again.

She had no idea why.

During this period of time, she would often think of Jeanne.

For a long time after Jeanne's death, she had tried her best to restrain herself from thinking about her. She had not thought about her for a long time. During this period of time, she would dream of Jeanne being alive every night. She dreamed of the many happy times they had…

Monica rubbed her head and replied to the door, "Come in."

Tim pushed the door open and entered. "Chairman, there's a charity banquet tonight. I'm reminding you that you can set off to change into your gown now."

"Alright," Monica replied.

Ever since she sat in this position, there were many things that she could not control.

Although she was repulsed in her heart, she was now able to do everything with ease.

Come to think of it, this was the so-called growth.

The price of growing up was to learn to let go of yourself first.

She left the office and sat in her personal car to try on her haute couture gown.

As soon as she walked into the luxury dress shop in the mall, she saw Nox.

When she saw Nox, she would be reminded of a creature called a cockroach.

The man who said that his legs were disabled and he could not take care of himself had managed to stand on his own feet after only a year. No one knew if he was born lucky or if he had hidden a lot of hardships that outsiders had no privy to. In any case, Nox's legs were back to normal now and he could jump around.

At this moment, beside Nox was Zoe Sullivan, the daughter of the Sullivan Group, one of the twelve big families in South Hampton. The Sullivan Group was originally a family that had begun to decline, but in recent years, it had seized the trend of economic development and invested in the development of smart AI technology. It developed rapidly in Harken. Because of Swan's Enterprise relationship with Edward, the Swan Group was merged with the Winter family, and the Swan family Winter family could not be evaluated as the real twelve big families. Therefore, among the twelve withdrew from the position of the head of the twelve big families. Due to historical reasons, the big families in South Hampton, the Sullivans were in the limelight for a while. Of course, the assets of the Cardellini Medical Technology were stable at the top for the time being, but judging from the market trend and the Sullivans' ambition, it was not a problem for them to surpass the Cardellini Enterprise.