Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1276  A Woman Appears

 

Nox and Zoe's marriage began when the Winter family secretly helped Edward support AI artificial intelligence. Nox was in charge of financing, and Zeke Sullivan, Zoe's father, was in charge of technology development. They came in contact many times, and Nox naturally met Zeke's daughter. It was said that the two of them fell in love at first sight. Nox even broke off his relationship with his family for her. After more than half a year of the battle of wits and courage, Nox finally succeeded in setting up an engagement with Zoe. Now, in any public place, as long as Nox was around, he would definitely be seen with Zoe. It was widely rumored that Nox had given up a forest for Zoe's sake.

As for Shelly Carter, it was already impossible in the public's eye for Shelly to marry Nox, so no one cared about her at all. They only thought that it was natural for Nox and Zoe to be together. From the beginning to the end, Shelly was insignificant.

Monica actually agreed with the public.

Nox and Shelly were really incompatible side by side. However, he looked like a perfect match with Zoe, who was a delicate young lady.

"Monica, you're here." When Zoe saw Monica, she hurriedly greeted her warmly.

As she had some financial dealings with Nox, coupled with Nox and Dr. Jones's relationship, it was inevitable that Monica shared a deep relationship with Nox over the years. Moreover, there was something that many people had no idea about—Nox and Monica were actually the two largest private companies that controlled the economic development of Harken. To put it bluntly, both of them were working for Edward. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Yes, she hated Edward very much. Emotionally, she really hated this scumbag, but rationally, she could not refuse to help Edward's expansion. Not only was she restrained by his tyranny, but she also owed him ten billion dollars. Even though the money debt had been paid, she still owed him the kindness of him helping her back then. So all these years she had been helping him with many things while scolding Fourth Master Swan begrudgingly.

Sometimes, Monica wondered if Edward had planned to make use of her one day by helping her like this back then!

Fourth Master Swan was really a bad person!

"Which gown did you choose?" Zoe seemed to be very familiar with Monica.

Monica and Nox had a very close relationship, but she was not that close to Zoe. They met often, but they were definitely not friends. However, every time Zoe was in public, she would make others think that they were chummy with each other.

Of course, Monica would let Zoe have it. Even if she kept thinking about Shelly, she understood Nox's choice even if she felt that Nox was a little ungrateful. After all, Shelly had been with him when he was in his most difficult time. Then, the first thing he did was fall in love with someone else and dump Shelly. He was ruthless. However, now that she saw that Nox could really give up anything for Zoe, perhaps it was true love. True love was innocent, so there was nothing to fuss about.

She gave him a friendly smile. "I got someone to order a set for me half a month ago. I don't know which one it is."

"Ms. Cardellini, this one." The staff hurriedly walked out with Monica's beautiful gown.

The gown sparkled and looked extremely beautiful.

Zoe hurriedly echoed, "Wow, this looks gorgeous. Monica, you have such a nice figure and you're so beautiful. You'll definitely look pretty in it."

Monica's lips curled into a smile.

She suddenly had an indescribable feeling but she could only hide it with a smile.

After all, Jeanne had been by her side for many years. It was rare to hear anyone describe her as beautiful. Those were the words used to describe Jeanne. In the years after Jeanne's death, she had often heard this word of praise.

"I'm going to change." Monica smiled politely and left.

When she left, she saw Zoe wheedling to Nox. "Next time, you have to come early to order a gown for me…"

Sure enough, everything had its weakness.

Monica walked into the dressing room to change into her gown.

Zoe also chose one and went to the changing room.

Nox was sitting on the sofa with nothing to do. He picked up the phone and made a call. "Finn, are you busy?"

"Not too bad."

"You're not going to the charity dinner tonight?" Nox asked.