Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1277  A Woman Appears

"I didn't receive any news," Dr. Jones said bluntly.

"Didn't Monica tell you? I saw her changing her gown here. I thought you were busy."

"I'm usually very busy." Dr. Jones played dumb.

"Don't you think that the way you and Monica are interacting now is a little strange?"

"What's wrong?" Dr. Jones asked disapprovingly.

"It's been so many years. Not only are you not married, but you don't even attend events together."

"You're overthinking. I don't attend events because it's really difficult for me to integrate into your circle. Previously, I went with Monica for a few, but she could not be at ease at the banquet. That's why I suggested that if it wasn't necessary for me to attend then I won't. She agreed."

"Didn't you notice that you and Monica are getting further and further apart?" Nox could not help but remind him.

"You're thinking too much. We're good together. We've found the best way to get along with each other."

"Hehehe." Nox sneered. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Sometimes, he really felt that Dr. Jones was too full of himself.

What a prosperous society this was.

It was really a matter of minutes for someone to steal his woman.

Now, look at Monica.

He wanted to see how much attention Monica could garner. As long as Monica even slightly gave a nod, a group of men could surround her and let her choose carefully.

Dr. Jones was really overconfident. Nox felt that everyone in the world should be like him. Once he fell in love with someone, it would last for a lifetime. He would never change his mind for even a second!

Nox ended the call.

Monica walked out gracefully.

She saw Nox standing outside and asked, "How do I look?"

"Why don't you ask Dr. Jones?" Nox refused any comments and said that directly.

"He doesn't have an eye for such things," Monica said bluntly.

Nox was speechless.

"Neither do you," Monica concluded, not getting Nox's answer.

"Monica, am I not talking to you?!" Nox was speechless.

This woman had matured very quickly in the past few years, but she still kept picking fights with him.

Were the two of them born to be at odds?

"Nox, how is it?" At this moment, Zoe also walked out.

Nox shifted his gaze away from Monica and nodded. "Very nice."

"I knew you'd like it."

Monica looked at Nox's fawning over Zoe.

She rolled her eyes.

"Monica, this dress of yours is really beautiful." When Zoe was satisfied with her gown, she did not forget to praise Monica.

Monica said, "Yours looks very good too."

"Speaking of which, why isn't Dr. Jones here yet? Isn't he coming with you?"

"He's busy."

"I just called him. He's not busy at all," Nox interrupted.

Monica was speechless.

She said, "Dr. Jones doesn't fancy such occasions."

"Is that so?" Nox raised his eyebrows.

"Aren't you very close to him? Don't you know what kind of person he is?" It was rare for Monica to talk to Nox.

"He doesn't know how many butterflies follow you every time you attend a banquet…"

"You should mind your own business," Monica interrupted Nox.

"W-what? I'm doing very well with Zoe now. We're getting married in the second half of the year," Nox said seriously.

"Are you really getting married?" Monica was still a little surprised.

Nox had a good relationship with Zoe over the past two years, and it was obvious to see. However, she was still a little surprised that he was really getting married.

She had always thought that Nox would not get married so quickly. It did not seem like his style at all…

Perhaps in the eyes of others, marriage was a very normal thing, but she was a little too paranoid.

"Why? Are you jealous? If you are jealous, you should get married to Dr. Jones as soon as possible," Nox said deliberately.

It was rare for Monica to waste her breath on Nox. Accompanied by the staff, she walked into the dressing room to put on her makeup.

Zoe followed her in and Nox accompanied them.

In the somewhat quiet and boring dressing room, Zoe took the initiative to change the topic. "I heard that the organizer of the charity banquet is coming back tonight. Is that true?"

Nox looked down at his phone and replied, "Yes."

"Are they really coming? It's really been a long time since I've seen the chief with my own eyes." Zoe was obviously excited.

"Can you control yourself, please? I'll get jealous." Nox was angry.

In any case, with Fourth Master Swan around, the other men turned into nothing.

He was furious.

"Don't be jealous. I don't have any improper thoughts about him. I just admire his good looks. The person I love is still you," Zoe said with a smile.

Để lại bình luận đầu tiên cho chương này.