Chapter 1278  A Woman Appears

Actually, Nox did not mind.

After being under Edward's shadow for so many years, he was used to it.

He said, "Other than Fourth Master Swan, there's another important person who's going to appear tonight."

"Who is it?" asked Zoe.

Monica was also a little curious.

"I'm not too sure about the details. I only know that she organized this charity banquet. This person has a rich background and grew up in the spotlight. Her father is Wyatt Nicholson, who is in charge of the Harken Royal Force."

"You're talking about Candice Nicholson." Monica immediately thought of it.

"You know her?" Nox looked up at Monica.

"I don't know her. It's just that I've been reading some gossip recently and saw a little bit of her profile. It mentioned that she's Minister Nicholson's favorite daughter. She's outstandingly capable and grew up in the force with her father. She seems to be the youngest person in the country to receive an honor related to the army. She's also a woman. At that time, she caused a national sensation. Later, I heard that she made a mistake during an aerial exercise and fell from a high altitude. It's unknown if she's dead or alive."

Monica recalled as she spoke, "Nox, I vaguely remember saying that Candice Nicholson died from a failed resuscitation. Did I remember wrongly? I even viewed a post at that time about a memorial to show Candice Nicholson's dazzling life. Could I have remembered wrongly?!"

After all, it had been a long time.

Candice Nicholson was rumored to have died when she was twenty years old. Now, Monica was almost twenty-nine years old. She had long forgotten everything that had happened so many years ago.

"You must have remembered wrongly. Candice didn't die from a high-altitude fall and has been receiving treatment overseas. I heard that she faced many critical health conditions and finally survived. Then, she recuperated overseas for many years before returning home. This charity banquet was organized by Minister Nicholson for her daughter, so Fourth Master Swan has to attend. I heard that, although Candice is back to normal now, but because of many injuries, she can't return to the Force. Minister Nicholson wants to bring her to Harken to develop her business. The charity banquet is the first step for Candice."

Monica nodded.

Nox definitely knew more insider information than she did, and she had never doubted it.

"Is Candice good-looking?" Zoe suddenly asked. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Sometimes, a woman's focus was really strange.

Nox shook his head. "I have no idea."

"Monica, did you see her face on the news?"

"I didn't see her." Monica shook her head. "She was wearing a military uniform, but she was wearing a hat. There was camouflage on her face, so I couldn't see her face clearly."

"Oh." Zoe nodded. "But you'll see it tonight."

"Okay."

"Be careful."

Monica was not looking forward to it. After all, she was just an insignificant figure.

At most, they might cross paths in the business world in the future, and when they did interact, then could take their time to socialize.

She was frighteningly calm when dealing with many things.

After putting on makeup, it was already six in the evening.

The three of them left the store. Nox and Zoe went to the banquet in a car.

Monica got into her car.

All these years, she seemed to have gotten used to being alone; everything was done by herself.

She looked at the streets of South Hampton.

Under Edward's lead, the streets of South Hampton had become even more prosperous over the years.

Therefore, to the citizens, Edward was indeed a good person.

Her eyes moved slightly as she looked at the phone that was ringing. She picked it up unhurriedly.

"Monica, I heard from Nox that you're attending a charity banquet tonight."

"Yes, I was too busy today and forgot to tell you." In fact, there were many things she did not want to reveal.

On second thought, it did not matter if she mentioned it or not. It was a remark made out of courtesy.

"Don't drink too much. Remember to eat something tonight," Dr. Jones reminded her.

"Okay."

"Be careful."

"Yeah."

After a few short exchanges, he hung up.

Actually, for the past three years, there was nothing wrong with living under the same roof as Finn.

At least they had satisfied each other's desires, even if it was not that great.

However, she felt that mature women at a certain age still needed to maintain their lives in this aspect.

The car soon arrived at its destination.

People came and went.

Obviously, it was a rather grand charity banquet. All the high-ranking officials and nobles who could attend were present here.

Monica followed the crowd into the hall and there were already quite a few people.