1282 Edward Attends a Charity Banquet

Ordinary people might not know about their current involvement, but with Minister Nicholson’s status, he definitely knew a lot of insider information.

In addition, Candice wanted to expand into the business world, so it was not surprising that she took the initiative to express her goodwill to the two of them.

After Monica figured it out calmly, she continued to socialize with Candice while maintaining a healthy distance.

At this moment, Zoe had already returned to Nox’s side from her father and joined in on the conversation. The four of them chatted happily.

“The chief is here,” someone next to them suddenly said.

Everyone looked in that direction.

From afar, he saw the youngest leader of Harken, Edward.

To be honest, Monica had not seen this man for a long time.

She was extremely busy, to the point that she could only see him on the news.

It was also because of his dedication that he could obtain the support of the entire country.

Now, Edward’s identity was different from others.

When he appeared, many people followed closely behind him, causing all the high-ranking officials and nobles to stop and stare because of his aura.

Monica saw Edward walking toward Minister Nicholson.

Minister Nicholson welcomed them warmly and the two of them chatted.

Monica could not imagine what it would be like for someone like Edward to be mixed up with a group of old men.

Later on, she would know when he saw him. It could only highlight that he was more handsome.

He was so good looking that he could shatter heaven and earth.

Monica even suspected that Edward had won over the hearts of the people of Harken so quickly because of his good looks. At the very least, the womenfolk could not withstand it at all and immediately bowed down.

“Wow, he’s still so handsome!”

As they watched, some people started to become infatuated.

Monica retracted her gaze and saw Zoe looking at Edward with an intoxicated expression.

“Ahem.” Nox deliberately coughed. “Wipe your drool.”

Zoe said coquettishly, “Come on, Nox.”

Monica felt mushy.

As expected, Shelly did not match Nox but at least she would not act so coquettish.

Candice watched from the side and could not help but smile.

“By the way, our chief is still single, right?” Zoe suddenly asked.

Monica could not help but roll her eyes internally.

Yes, he was single, who merely had two children; the kind of children with the same mother.

“I wonder which woman will be so lucky to marry the chief in the future,” Zoe muttered.

Suddenly, she saw Edward walking over.

Zoe was stunned.

What should she do?

He was so handsome that she seemed to have no resistance against him.

Monica, Nox, and Candice naturally noticed Edward walking over.

His aura was really too strong so it was impossible to ignore.

When Edward stopped in front of them, Monica’s eyes moved slightly.

When he saw Candice, she quietly turned around and walked away.

Monica frowned slightly. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

She was avoiding Edward?!

One hundred percent of the people here wanted to please him, but Candice had just walked away.

Monica did not even think that Candice was playing hard to get. Of course, it was unavoidable that she was deliberately attracting attention. However, at this moment, Monica had the impression that she really did not want to know him.

There were still women in this world who were single. Did she really reject Edward?!

He was as precious as a national treasure!

“Fourth Master Swan, it seems that not all women are attracted to you. There will always be one or two who will scoff at you,” Nox said deliberately.

Edward’s gaze did not seem to be on Candice.

Of course, just because he did not look, it did not mean that he did not see it.

He just appeared indifferent.

“Why are you free to attend such a business-like charity banquet today? Don’t you always have a lot of work to do? Even if I call you, I have to guarantee that it will end within a minute.” Nox’s wife was extremely dissatisfied.

When Nox was alone, or when he was with Zoe, he could dominate. Every time he was in front of Edward, he would suddenly lose his brilliance. He felt as if everything had been snatched away by Edward.

Truth be told, Edward did not really snatch his wit away. It was just that Nox habitually lay low under Edward and accentuated Edward’s splendor.