Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

1285 Candice’s Identity Revealed

At the charity banquet venue, the host auctioned the last charity item to Edward at an astonishing speed.

Monica was a little angry.

Sometimes, she would still get stuck in a dead end and still not understand many things.

In fact, she had never really understood what was going on with Jeanne.

She had never really accepted the fact that Jeanne was no longer alive.

But apparently, except for her, Edward accepted it very well.

He was as sharp as a razor.

“Congratulations and thanks to the Chief for bidding for the last charity item. Thank you again for your support. Thank you!” the host said in a loud voice.

The entire venue was filled with applause.

Monica left amidst the applause.

However, she did not give Edward any face and turned to leave.

Nox looked at Monica’s back speechlessly.

This girl was really bold.

He turned to look at Edward.

Edward seemed to have glanced at Monica indifferently.

At this moment, the host and staff personally handed the bracelet to Edward. “Chief, congratulations and thank you from the bottom of our hearts again.”

Edward nodded slightly and took the bracelet.

Jeanne had placed the bracelet in Bamboo Garden and had never worn it again.

He thought about it carefully.

It must have been probably during her pregnancy, the day he and Susan announced their engagement.

Actually… There were many things he could remember vividly.

Only he deliberately suppressed those memories and pretended to not know.

Edward turned around and left.

Countless staff members followed behind.

Nox still wanted to say something, but he looked at Edward’s back and kept mum.

He had a feeling that even if Fourth Master Swan never mentioned Jeanne again, no one would be able to see his emotions. Would he still miss Jeanne?

In fact, he knew very well that Edward had never let go.

Today, he had taken out Jeanne’s bracelet. Perhaps he would miss her even more.

Nox helplessly watched Edward leave.

Originally, the charity banquet would have ended after the last auction item.

Because if Edward left now, the others did not dare to leave. They wanted to leave the privilege to Edward first. Only after he left did the others dare to leave.

Outside the banquet hall, Edward stood at the door.

He was surrounded by his bodyguards.

He was dressed in a black suit and looked like he was in a big gang ready for battle.

He had no idea when he started to get used to her current life, which used to be watched by others whenever he did anything.

He stood in the doorway with his tall figure standing dignified.

Candice saw him from afar.

She was looking at the youngest and the most good-looking Chief in the history of Harken.

She had heard many things about Edward, but this was the first time she had seen him in person.

She had an indescribable feeling.

In any case, she braced himself and walked over.

Of course, Edward saw it too.

His eyes were fixed on Candice.

He watched as she walked toward him elegantly, looking both nervous and calm.

One step at a time, she walked up to him.

The two of them stood opposite each other.

When she got closer, Candice suddenly realized that the man in front of her was very tall.

She was already wearing such high heels yet in front of him she was clearly very petite. She still needed to raise her head slightly to see his devastatingly beautiful face.

Before seeing him in person, everyone around was saying that the Chief was so handsome, shining so bright it was blinding.

Previously, she did not think much of it.

She always felt that a capable person who could become the leader would not have much charm no matter how handsome he was.

When she saw him today, she was finally slapped in the face.

Even if she deliberately did not care about this person’s existence, she would still be unintentionally stunned by his aura, so she would still look at him from time to time.

That was fine by her. It was not only because he was handsome, but because they had a close relationship. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

...

She calmed her nerves so that no one could tell that she was nervous.

She took the initiative to say, “Chief, you were looking for me.”

Her tone was distant yet respectful.

Edward nodded.

As he nodded, he handed the box with the jade bracelet in it to Candice.

She was astonished.

She looked at him with surprise.

She heard him say, “For you.”

Candice was lost for words.

When she saw Edward leaving under the protection of the bodyguards, she originally thought that he had left, but she received a notice that he wanted to see her alone. She came out feeling a little nervous, but in the face of this situation, she could not react at all.

...