Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

1288 Candice’s Identity Revealed

Actually, Candice had spent a long time abroad learning about Edward.

A month ago, she had completely recovered and returned to South Hampton.

After returning, in order for everyone to get to know her again, rather than saying that his father wanted to do this, it was more like the Chief’s arrangement. He could not really let the Chief marry an unknown woman, right? No matter how many marriages he had experienced before, just like what was said in unofficial history, with his powerful political achievements, nothing else was worth mentioning.

Therefore, he was still unattainable.

Under her father’s arrangements, she organized this charity banquet and knew that she would meet Edward for the first time.

Originally, she had made all the preparations.

Yet on the day of the event, she wanted to escape.

The moment she knew that he was approaching her, she turned around and left.

It was just that there was an inexplicable sense of rejection.

When she actually saw Edward, she would instinctively want to dodge.

She took a deep breath.

She felt that other guests had already walked out. She elegantly lifted her gown and walked into her car.

She thought, in the end, it was not a marriage that she was looking forward to. That was why there would be some initial resistance.

…

Monica left in the black car.

When she returned, the image of Edward and Candice that she had just seen at the entrance inexplicably appeared in her mind.

Actually, she was not in a hurry to leave after she left the hall. She just stood at the door for a while.

She just wanted to be alone and quietly let out her emotions.

She had been dreaming about Jeanne a lot during this time. Today, she had witnessed one of Jeanne’s belongings. Perhaps it was because she was traumatized by the scene, but her emotions had finally crumbled and she could not keep her calm.

Hence, she stood at the entrance of the banquet hall alone for a while.

Then, a group of men in black came out.

It was obvious that Edward was leaving, so she moved to the side.

To be honest, she really did not want to see that man for a second.

She felt that he was frighteningly cold-blooded.

She was about to leave when she saw Candice at the door.

She was still a little surprised.

She had never heard of Edward and Candice having any relationship.

He had never heard of the two of them having any relationship.

Looking at the two of them now, although they maintained a distance, it was obvious that their relationship was not what she thought it was.

She stood not far away and looked at them.

She could not hear what was said between them.

However, she clearly saw that Edward was about to give the bracelet to Candice.

At that time, she really kept it in and did not rush up to scold him. Fortunately, Candice did not want it and rejected it just like that.

This scene suddenly reminded her of a long, long time ago.

At that time, Jeanne had just returned to the country and they had attended a charity banquet.

At that time, Fourth Master Swan had also bought an item and given it to Jeanne.

Monica laughed mockingly.

Edward’s way of wooing women did not change at all.

She turned around and left.

She was really afraid that if she stood there for too long, she would really do something out of her mind.

When she left, she started thinking.

It had only been a year, yet he had fallen in love with someone else.

A man’s feelings were really… worthless.

The car stopped at the garage.

Monica got out of the car and went into her home.

She was still wearing the shimmering gown. Her perfect figure was vividly accentuated by the dress, and it even sparkled.

The moment she gently pushed open the bedroom door, she realized that Finn was still awake.

In the past, when he did not work overtime or perform emergency surgeries, he would usually sleep before 10 pm.

It was almost 12 o’clock tonight, but he was still sitting at the head of the bed and reading thick medical books.

“Is it time for the exam?” Monica asked casually.

Doctors had to take the exam every year.

Sometimes, Finn would suffer an ambush because he was not well-prepared for the exam.

“No.” Finn shook her head, “I was waiting for you, so I took a book to read.”

“Oh,” Monica replied without much emotion.

...

In the room, she took off her bright evening gown. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Finn’s eyes moved.

When Monica was wearing a dress, she could make men’s imagination run wild. Now that she took off the dress… she was really tempting people to commit crimes.