1301 Monica Brings Candice to the Nightclub

“When you know that you have no choice, you can only accept it.” Candice was neither slow nor anxious, but she was indifferent to the secular world.

It was just like how life and death depended on fate and wealth, nothing could be forced.

Que sera sera—that was her take.

Monica stood by her side and looked at her.

She suddenly felt… If Edward really liked Candice, perhaps the injured person was not Candice. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

After all, Candice seemed to be… heartless.

Perhaps Monica was worrying too much about it.

To Edward, who else could he like? So what if he liked someone?!

In his heart, the most important thing was still power and politics. No matter how sad he was, how sad could he be?

Monica did not say anything else, and neither did she know what to say. She did not want to comfort Candice out of kindness, but he could not bring herself to mock her either.

So, she chose to maintain a safe distance that was neither too close nor too far.

Anyway, accompanying Candice to shop today was just completing a mission.

Candice carefully selected a few sets of children’s clothes.

All the purchases were wrapped and delivered home from the mall. They did not need to carry bags of things to continue their shopping.

After buying the children’s clothes, the two of them went to buy a bag.

Women basically had no resistance to bags. It was rare for Candice to show a little enthusiasm and look around with Monica.

It was not that Candice really liked bags; she just did not want to dampen Monica’s excitement.

“Just this one, this one, and those over there…” Monica instructed the shop assistant to swipe their cards.

Candice truly believed that Edward would go bankrupt because of them when in fact the person who would be was not Edward.

Nox was sitting in his office and looking at the countless deductions that popped up.

Seriously?

Every time the notification popped, his heart would ache.

He was puzzled when he received the first credit notification but later on, when multiple ones kept coming in, he had to call Edward. He thought that Edward had accidentally lost the card. This secondary card for Edward’ did not have any credit limit. It did not even have a password. It was not impossible for someone to pick it up and spend it crazily!

However, Edward replied, “I got it for Candice. You don’t have to bother.”

‘Bro, the money is mine yet you want me to just ignore it?!’

Then again, eighty percent of his income came from Edward’s business, so it was not his.

But still! Was this guy for real?!

In fact, he still did not believe that Fourth Master Swan would really fall for another woman.

Back then, he risked his life to save Jeanne. Even though her legs were crippled, he was really proud of himself! Who knew that that woman would die in childbirth? Did his life have to be so melodramatic?! He had used so much strength to save her, but she had died just like that. He was not even worth it for himself.

She was already dead, so what else could he say?

He had been observing Edward. A person with a strong heart and will like him was only getting stronger, but he had not seen Edward smile for a long time.

It was as if his everyday life was consumed in numbness.

Nox had always thought that Edward could not let go of Jeanne. He was willing to give up his life for that woman. He did not even need to think about how deeply he loved her, nor how much of a blow that woman’s death would be to him.

How long had it been?

Jeanne had only been dead for three years, and now Edward had really fallen in love with someone else so quickly?!

Edward fell in love with Jeanne when she was eighteen. His heart remained true to her for so many years. Yet now, she had only been dead for three years and he had forgotten about her already?

No matter. Nox actually wanted Edward to forget. After all, guarding a dead person with no way out would only make him sadder.

The pings of credit notifications carried on. Nox’s heart ached so much that his heart went numb.

He could not help but take out his phone and search for Candice’s profile.

He had seen Candice that night. He felt that this woman gave off a special vibe, but it was not to the extent that she could make Edward fall in love at first sight, right? She was indeed good-looking, had a good temperament, and was well-educated. However, even though he did not like Jeanne in the past, he had to admit that Candice was still a little inferior to Jeanne in terms of looks.

Men were visual animals. Candice was obviously not as good-looking as Jeanne. How could Fourth Master Swan fall in love so suddenly?