1319 Finn Is Jealous

Was he too full of himself, or had he overestimated their relationship?

In the end, he followed Monica into their residential area.

The two of them walked into the elevator and into the house.

“Do you want to shower first or should I?” Monica asked him.

Actually, the two of them were getting along very normally. They would no longer quarrel or bicker. It was like a couple who had lived together for many years. Their days had become dull.

“You can go ahead,” Finn said.

“Okay.” Monica did not refuse and walked straight into the bathroom.

After living with Finn for such a long time, the two of them had become much more casual. She took off her clothes on the bed and walked straight into the bathroom.

When Finn returned to the bedroom to take off his formal clothes, she saw Monica taking off her clothes on the bed.

Couple outfits with Brandon?! UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

But Monica had already made it very clear that she would not do anything to betray him while they were together.

He really believed that Monica would not.

But this feeling was… indescribably uneasy.

Was he jealous?!

He had no clue if this could be considered jealousy.

It was just that he could not sleep the entire night after hearing a man’s voice in her room last night. He thought of many possibilities and felt that it was impossible for Monica to betray him.

He, however, felt threatened. He could tell from their conversation that Monica’s attitude toward the guy was casual and easy.

The other party’s attitude towards Monica was very close too.

Therefore, this morning, when he was participating in an academic exchange, he was distracted for the first time. In front of many experts, he could not concentrate fully. Fortunately, this rarely happened to him, so even if he could not give his full attention, he explained that he was too tired or unaccustomed to the environment. It did not embarrass him too much. He went along with his excuse of being unwell and ended the trip early.

This was an academic exchange that he had led for so many years. He had left halfway or one could say it was only at the start of the event.

He did not know why he suddenly wanted to come back. His mind would be filled with images of Monica and that man.

When he called Monica to tell her that he was coming back early, she mentioned another man’s name.

He sounded a little grumbly and emotional. It seemed that in the past three years, he had never heard Monica express her feelings for him again. Thinking about it carefully, their relationship seemed to be as calm as the lake, as if they did not even have any passion.

When he got home at three o’clock in the afternoon and faced the empty room, he felt a strange indescribable feeling.

He picked up the phone a few times to ask Monica where she had gone, but he put it down that many times.

It was only now that he realized that they rarely communicated with each other. He wanted to take the initiative to call her, but he actually felt very awkward about it. He needed to muster his courage.

He suddenly felt that Nox was right. Something seemed to have gone wrong between them from the very beginning.

In the end, he did not call Monica and waited for her at home. He waited for her downstairs at night. He wondered if he should also make some changes, change the way they got along.

However, what awaited him was her getting out of another man’s car.

He could not describe his feelings.

However, he hid his emotions, hiding the fact that he minded this man’s existence very much.

Just now, Monica had also explained to him who that person was and what their relationship was.

After explaining it clearly, the knot in his heart seemed to grow bigger.

It was not that he doubted Monica’s words, but… Monica’s attitude toward him was so indifferent that he began to doubt if Monica had no feelings for him anymore.

He then looked up and saw Monica coming out of the bathroom.

She saw Finn standing there in a daze with half his clothes off. He seemed to be thinking about something intently.

She casually walked up to him and picked up the clothes that she had placed on the bed earlier. She said, “I’m done showering.”

She did not ask him what he was thinking. She assumed it must be about work. If it was, then it would be useless for her to ask if he had any issues; she knew nothing about his profession anyway, so she might as well leave some space for him to think about it.