Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

1359 The Wedding: I Never Agreed to the Breakup

Late at night, Finn stared at Monica.

All he could hear was Monica saying that she did not love him that much and that she did not want to live because she had depression.

He just… stood there in disbelief. It was as if he had been petrified, and he did not move at all.

He had thought of many reasons for Monica to leave him, but that was the only one he had not thought of. He had always thought that his lack of initiative made Monica feel ignored in the relationship.

He had always thought that the conflict between him and Monica was never about whether they loved each other or not. Their conflict was that he thought he had given Monica the best, but what Monica wanted was not what he thought she wanted.

He kept looking at Monica but did not leave or approach her. He simply watched as she looked back at him.

Was there no more love in her eyes?

Since when did Monica’s eyes become so calm?

He had always thought that Monica had matured, and that was why she no longer had the youthful and wild spark in her eyes.

However, that was the first time he realized that he did not seem to understand Monica anymore.

Speaking of which, had he ever understood her? He really did not know why Monica liked him. Did Monica like him or not?

Although everyone knew from Monica’s crazy pursuit of him that she liked him, he did not know what Monica liked about him! Even when he was moved and unknowingly fell in love with her, he did not have much hope for their relationship. He always felt that she was just a rich young lady who thought that relationships were child’s play and that once the honeymoon period was over, Monica would no longer love him. Therefore, he had always maintained a neutral attitude in that relationship.

Now that he thought about it carefully, that was the first time they were so decisive about breaking up.

Was it all a misunderstanding? Or was it because in his heart, he was certain that their relationship would not last long, so he did not try to salvage it and clear his name when there were misunderstandings on both sides?

Since he had the mentality that they would break up sooner or later, he tacitly agreed to the end of the relationship, or rather, forced himself to accept it.

After that, Monica married him for various reasons, and in the three years of marriage, they had a huge conflict.

He did not give Monica a chance to get close to him, and Monica also showed disdain for him. No one was willing to admit that they still had feelings for each other.

Later, they finally confessed their feelings for each other. However, after Monica divorced him because of Michael, he gave up by forcing himself to let go of Monica.

When Monica was hopeful that she would be able to return to his side after helping, he used all kinds of cruel methods to push Monica away, not leaving any leeway for each other.

Therefore, had Monica given up?

He carefully thought about it and wondered if it was during that period of time that Monica lost all her feelings for him.

If only he knew her a little better. Then, perhaps he would have known.

It was because Monica had always been the one taking the initiative. Regardless of whether they were dating, getting married, or getting back together, it was always Monica who took the initiative. When Monica stopped taking the initiative, he found all sorts of reasons to tell himself that it was because Monica’s personality had changed, and it had nothing to do with whether she loved him or not.

From the very beginning, he actually knew that Monica loved him. He just did not trust her to love him for long.

However, three years ago, after Monica risked her life to save him, he felt that he might have misunderstood Monica — that she was not as frivolous as he thought and that she really loved him.

After confirming that Monica loved him very much, he never thought about whether they loved each other or not. He also never doubted that Monica’s love for him would end one day. Therefore, even if there were problems between them, he did not take them seriously.

Nox had reminded him many times, but he did not take it to heart. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Even though he did not say it out loud, he knew that he had always relied on the fact that Monica loved him very much and believed that they could not be separated again.