Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

1363 The Wedding: I Never Agreed to the Breakup

What did he mean by he never agreed to the breakup?

Was he silently admitting that she had left because he was watching her put on an act?

She said, “Being together is a matter between two people, but breaking up can be one-sided.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Monica chose not to argue with him because she did not want to waste any more of her time on it. She did not want to try to figure out Finn’s thoughts either.

Whether it was because his pride could not take it or… something else, that was his business. From the moment she decided to break up, it had nothing to do with her.

“No.” Finn immediately disagreed with her. “A relationship is between two people. It’s not up to one person to decide.”

Monica looked at him coldly. It was a look of disgust. In her heart, he had probably become a filthy existence for having forced her to have sex.

Just as Monica was about to speak, Finn got up from the bed.

As he put on his clothes, he said, “After Edward and Candice’s wedding, I’ll come and pick you up.”

“Heh.” Monica laughed out loud.

She did not expect herself to be able to laugh at that point.

Finn quickly put on his clothes and left. She told asked him to leave so many times tonight, but he did not. Yet now, he was leaving just like that.

Did he feel embarrassed?

Would a man with such strong self-esteem feel uncomfortable because he had done such a disgusting thing?

Monica turned around and walked into the bathroom. To be honest, Finn’s skills were not great, so he had not hurt her that badly.

‘That b*stard!’

She cursed that he would be killed by a car when he went out!

Of course, curses were nothing but bullsh*t.

Finn did not die. In fact, he was alive and well because she saw him in his suit at Edward and Candice’s wedding.

When Finn left her bed, it was around 3 a.m. It would have been 4 a.m. by the time he went home to wash up and sleep.

He had to accompany Edward to get married early in the morning, so they would probably gather at 6 a.m., which meant that they would have had to wake up at 5 a.m.

Therefore, he had rested for an hour at most, and an hour would be enough for him to be in high spirits, unlike her. She did not know how much foundation she had used or how long she had put on makeup to make herself look a little less haggard.

Her eyes flickered.

In fact, she was not looking at Finn.

As to the matter of Finn forcing her to have sex, she would take it as Finn reacting poorly to reality because he could not accept it at that moment.

Anyway, she had slept with Finn so many times, so one more time was nothing. She was not bothered about her so-called chastity anyway.

Of course, she did not take Finn’s words about bringing her back to the house and that they had not broken up seriously.

She believed that Finn was just trying to find a reasonable excuse for his actions. After all, Finn was a good doctor with excellent morale. Doing that kind of thing was blasphemy to him, so he had to think of a way to excuse himself.

Her current focus or, to be precise, everyone’s attention was on Edward and Candice.

At that moment, in the grandest banquet hall of Harken, Edward and Candice were walking on the long red carpet in the middle of the hall, with all the guests who were attending the ceremony sitting on both sides.

Accompanied by a majestic symphony, the two of them slowly walked over.

Monica looked at the newlyweds in front of her.

The entire hall was filled with cameras, presenting their wedding scene seamlessly to everyone in Harken.

If not for Edward and Candice’s peerless beauty, the regal and overly-solemn wedding would have made everyone think that it was a state banquet and not a wedding.

The atmosphere of the ceremony was also very stiff. There was nothing romantic about it, nor were there any touching vows.

Instead, they made a promise to each other about their contributions to the country, promising to devote their life to the country after marriage.

After the solemn ceremony ended, the banquet was held next to the ceremonial hall.

It was a typical wedding, and everyone sat quietly in their seats. No one whispered to each other as if they were here for a meal and not to congratulate the newlyweds.

Due to that, Monica felt inexplicably better. At least Edward had poured all his heart into his wedding with Jeanne, and no one could compare to him.