1366 The Wedding Night: From Now On, I Will Sleep In

His hair was also much softer after the shower. There were even some short strands that covered his forehead.

He looked completely different from the slicked-back hairstyle he presented himself to outsiders. The man with the slicked-back hair gave people the impression that he was meticulous, extremely serious, and even a little too cold.

Yet now, with his casual, soft hair, she suddenly felt a sense of familiarity with him. He did not feel as distant as when she first saw him, especially due to the difference in status.

When she came out, Edward shifted her gaze from her phone to her.

She had removed her wedding dress, removed the makeup on her face, and let go of the bun on her hair. At that moment, her hair was damp from being just washed and not blown thoroughly enough. The moist sensuality started from a strand of her hair that fell on her sexy collarbone.

Edward gulped.

Moreover, she was wearing a pink bathrobe, which was a couple’s outfit. The bathrobe was also loose and soft on her body. Where her skin was exposed, it was so fair and tender… that it tempted him.

Edward put down his phone and walked toward Candice, who was still in the room.

Candice looked at his tall body as he stood in front of her.

She had taken off her high heels, so the difference in height between them was unusually obvious. She even felt that in front of him, she was so small that it was scary. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Her heart was beating faster again, and it went crazy as she felt Edward’s large hand hold her small hand.

With their fingers interlocked and their palms filled with their warmth, Edward brought her to the bedside.

After sitting down, other than the fact that their palms were tightly clasped together, no one took the initiative.

Edward did not take the initiative to approach her, and of course, she would not take the initiative.

All she could feel was that her heart was about to jump out of her chest.

What did she say about not feeling anything in her heart? When she was with Edward, she clearly felt it beating aggressively, but she still calmed her heartbeat and waited.

However, the person beside her did not seem much calmer than her. She could vaguely feel that his hand that was holding hers was trembling slightly.

Did that mean… he was nervous too? Or… was it something else?

Candice really had no idea, but there was something that made her want to understand. Hence, she turned her head, wanting to see the expression on his face.

At that moment, Edward suddenly lowered his head and leaned over. Initially, he just wanted to kiss her cheek, but because of her actions, their lips pressed together tightly.

Candice froze, and Edward, too, was surprised. At such a close distance, the two of them just looked at each other with their eyes wide open and did not do anything.

Candice’s fingers were tied into a knot on her clothes, which showed how nervous she was. In fact, she had mentally prepared herself, yet she still did not know what to do at that moment.

What she did not understand was, with Edward’s experience in marriage and his understanding of the affairs between men and women, should he not be able to handle it with ease?

However, his current behavior made her feel that he was even more nervous than she was. He was so nervous that he did not know what to do. It even made her wonder how Edward had his two children.

While she was deep in her thoughts, she suddenly felt Edward’s lips gently exerting some strength on hers, closing the distance between them.

Just as his lips began to force her lips open and deepen the kiss, Candice suddenly dodged and pulled away.

The moment she pulled away, she could still see Edward’s sexy lips slightly open. The next second, his eyes were filled with disappointment.

It was maybe because he did not expect her to dodge, so he could not control the emotions in his eyes. Usually, Edward would not be so emotional as his status did not allow him to be.

The moment Candice pulled back, Edward did not force her, nor was he angry. He just looked at her silently.

Instead, Candice felt a little guilty. It was as if she had stopped Edward from doing what he really wanted to do.