Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

1374 Do I Have To Dig My Heart Out For You To See It?

Sometimes, when one was tired of a relationship, one would really let go.

She did not know if Finn had used the same method to let her go back then. Maybe it was not. After all, she was the one who broke Finn’s heart back then, and Finn chose to let go.

She looked at Finn in front of her and his bloodshot eyes.

In fact, she had thought about breaking up many times. She had thought about it from the very beginning. Was it right for them to be together like that?

After they got back together and slept together for the first time, she actually wanted to break up with him. She thought that if it did not work out, she would break up with him as soon as possible. However, she did not expect that she would sleep with him.

She did not know what kind of mentality she had when she slept with Finn, but when they slept together… she thought that she might be able to get by.

She always had hope for their relationship, but she was always disappointed.

Finn would not remember her birthday, so they would not do anything romantic. They did not even go out as a couple and enjoyed a candlelight dinner. For a long time, all Monica could remember was them sleeping together.

She had actually tried to change things up in the relationship.

She thought that since Finn could not take the initiative, she should take the initiative. In any case, one of them in the relationship had to put in more effort than the other.

Therefore, she would ask her secretary to remind her of important holidays when she was very busy.

For example, for Finn’s birthday, she would cancel all her dinner plans, buy a cake, and wait for him at home. However, he had never celebrated with her once because there were always emergencies in the hospital.

She did not know if their relationship was not strong enough or if it was fate playing tricks on them. In any case, every year on his birthday, she would be alone with the cake, and after midnight, she would throw it into the trash can.

For a period of time, she would also take the initiative to call Finn. However, Finn was always busy. In fact, she knew that he was very busy.

During that time, the hospital he worked in was establishing a public hospital specialized in cardiology, so there were a lot of materials to prepare and a lot of tests to be done. She knew that other than him, many other people in the hospital were busy with that. Hence, she should sympathize with him and support his dedication to medicine. She should become a good wife, just like the family members of all the other medical staff in the hospital.

However, she… was not that benevolent!

The fuse of her complete disappointment in him. The trigger to her disappointment in him was when she had appendicitis.

At home, she was in so much pain that she felt like all her organs were twisted.

The moment she thought she was going to die, she used all her strength to call Finn. However, his assistant answered the call.

She said Finn had to take an emergency for a patient who was having a heart attack that night, so he was in the operating theatre and could not answer her call for the time being.

It really was not Finn’s fault, but she gave up on Finn then. Perhaps it was very willful of her to behave like that. If she said it out loud, everyone would think that she was being insensible.

After all, Finn was saving lives, and she had no right to stop him from doing such a great thing. However, she was tired of it.

Later, she called the ambulance herself. She did not dare to alert her parents as she was afraid that her father’s heart attack would relapse again. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

When the ambulance arrived at the house, she really felt like she — or more precisely, her heart — had died a thousand times.

After she was sent to the hospital, she went for an emergency appendectomy. The surgery went smoothly, but she needed to stay in the hospital for a few days.

Finn only came to visit her on the third day of her hospitalization. She was not even excited, even though she saw the guilt and worry on his face.

He explained that he had to stay in the hospital for two nights because of an emergency, so he did not know that she was sick and hospitalized.

That was right. They only cared about each other when they met face to face. Sometimes, he even forgot that there was a communication tool called a cell phone.

She really did not blame Finn, and it was not his fault. Since he was so busy, what could she blame him for? He just took many things too lightly.

After she was discharged from the hospital, Finn treated her well for a while and did not work overtime, which was rare. On the contrary, she came back later and later.

No matter how late it was, Finn would always wait for her to go to bed, but he never asked her why she was back so late.