Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

1375 Do I Have To Dig My Heart Out For You To See It?

Who was she socializing with at night?

He actually did not care about her day, what she encountered, or who she was with. He just waited for her every night, probably to fulfill his responsibility as a man.

In that relationship, he had to bear the responsibility because he felt that he owed her one. In fact, there was no such thing as owing anyone anything.

Back then, she had risked her life for him. The more she thought about it, the more she felt that it was because she had depression and did not want to live anymore.

Before she died, she wanted to repay him for saving her life, and they were considered even.

At that time, she really did not have much feelings for him. If Finn had not suddenly said to start over, she might have told him the real reason long ago.

She was not sure if she was possessed, but she agreed to get back together with him. Perhaps it was her discontent about how their relationship, which they had missed again and again from the beginning, ended.

Now, she was satisfied because she finally realized that she had no expectations, and there was no need to have any expectations for what Finn was saying now.

She said, “Goodbye, Finn.”

It was not that they would not see each other again, but the relationship they had been in for nearly ten years had ended.

Monica did not tell Finn to return her phone. She just turned around, opened the door, and left.

Despite that, her eyes turned red. After all, it had been so many years, and humans were not animals, so how could she not have any emotions?

However, it was alright. She suddenly had a feeling that she had let go of everything, and she felt very relaxed. It felt like a huge load had been taken off her chest.

From now on, she no longer had to force herself to live in the past. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

She had just walked out when Finn reached out to pull her back. She had let go, but he had not.

Why should she leave when he wanted to spend the rest of his life with her again? Why was she not so determined to leave when he thought he had no feelings for her?

Why did she have to do it now? The moment he thought they could start over, she chose to turn around and leave.

As he stretched out his hand, Monica avoided it as if she had expected him to do that.

The moment she avoided Finn, she saw Brandon panting at the door. He had probably run to her house, worried about her after hearing Finn’s voice.

At that moment, it was obvious that there was some conflict between them. Therefore, Brandon pulled Monica behind him and stood in front of Monica to confront Finn.

Finn looked at Brandon with an ugly expression and clenched his fists, wanting to hit someone. He had never lost control of himself like that before.

“What did you do to Monica?” Brandon questioned Finn.

Finn’s expression was cold, and he was clenching his fists so hard that his knuckles turned white.

“Since you and Monica have broken up, stop bothering her,” Brandon said fiercely.

After saying that, he dragged Monica with him to leave the place.

“Let go!” Finn said coldly.

Brandon, who was dragging Monica away, stopped in his tracks for a moment. However, in the next second, he left with Monica and did not take Finn seriously.

He had only taken a few steps when his body suddenly tensed. It was because Finn was pulling on his arm, on which the hand happened to be holding Monica.

As Finn was very strong, Brandon felt like his arm was going to be crushed. However, he did not let go of Monica.

It was a stalemate.

“Finn, that’s enough!” Monica knew how strong Finn’s grip was.

By then, Brandon’s face had turned red.

“What do you want? Can’t we part on good terms? Do you have to embarrass us like this?” Monica shouted at Finn.

At that moment, she pushed Finn’s hand away as if she had gone mad. However, the harder she tried, the tighter Finn’s grip was.

Brandon endured the pain in his arm until his fingers were trembling.

“I told you to let him go!” Monica was furious.

“Get him to let go of you first!” Finn said.

“No!” Brandon gritted his teeth. “Even if it kills me, I will never let go of Monica’s hand again!”

“Brandon, let go!” Monica really did not want the two of them to argue over her; she wanted Brandon to compromise.

“No!” Brandon said firmly, “When I was young, I couldn’t resist because I didn’t have the right to make my own choices. But now that I’ve grown up, I will never let go of you again. I will never let you be defiled by a man like this!”