Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 141: Finn Personally Examined Monica

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

What Finn did not know was that the main reason why he was being gossiped about was not that he had married a daughter from a prestigious family. Instead, it was because he had been coveted by countless single young women ever since he entered the hospital. There were many young women in the hospital, and 90% of the nurses were women. The ability of women to spread information was astonishing. He was actually very famous in South Hampton City Central Hospital.

“I see.” The breast doctor smiled, “I gave her a simple check-up just now. There were no lumps or nodules. It should only be normal hyperplasia of the breast. For safety reasons, let her get a doppler ultrasound and see the results.”

“Okay,” Finn replied.

The reminder last night was actually intentional. Hearing the doctor’s words, he was relieved.

He said, “Thank you. I won’t bother you anymore.”

“Dr. Jones, you’re welcome.” The doctor was very friendly to Finn.

Other than being very popular among the young women, Finn also had a lot of prestige among his colleagues.

Although he was young, he had successfully performed several world-famous surgeries. The Heart Department of South Hampton City Hospital was also famous because of him. Therefore, many doctors still respected him. In fact, they even tried to curry favor with him.

Finn left the breast department.

He walked out and wanted to go straight back to the inpatient department.

He usually did not work in the outpatient department and usually stayed in the wards.

In fact, the inpatient and the outpatient department were a little far apart.

He thought that since he was already here, he might as well do it.

He went to the radiology department.

The radiology department was always the place with the most people in a hospital. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Monica walked through the VIP corridor. As it was not a private hospital, the privileges were not that apparent without an advance appointment.

He saw Monica holding a form as she was waiting.

While waiting in line, she lowered her head and kept looking at her phone.

He pursed his lips and walked straight into the VIP doppler ultrasound room.

Monica waited for about ten minutes before the nurse invited her in.

She put down her phone, still feeling a little unhappy.

Seeing that Jeanne’s news was about to turn into gossip, she was totally upset.

She walked into the only VIP ultrasound room and lay on the comfortable bed.

“Ms. Cardellini, please pull your shirt up as much as you can and put your hands up as well.”

Monica did as she was told.

She felt a little... phew, awkward.

What made her even more awkward was that the doctor who was doing the ultrasound today was a man.

He was wearing a surgical mask, although his face could not be seen clearly.

She still felt that it was vaguely familiar.

Why did she him a little similar to that b*stard Finn?

However, because he was wearing a mask, she could only see his side profile while she was lying on the bed, and she could not be sure.

Moreover... Why would Finn come to the ultrasound room?

Thinking about it, she felt that she must be overthinking.

Then, because she was still a little nervous, she could not think of anything else.

She felt the examination instrument on her chest sliding continuously.

Her heart beat faster.

She was still very nervous.

It would be great if there was someone by her side to accompany her.

Thinking about it silently, she calmed herself down.

After a long while.

The doctor removed the device from Monica’s body.

The nurse helped her wipe her body.

Monica could not help but ask, “Doctor, how am I doing? Are there any problems?”

The doctor did not answer.

The nurse’s attitude was very good. “Ms. Cardellini, don’t worry. The results will be out soon. The report will show your condition.”

Of course, she knew that the report would show it.

However, she was just worried.

She tidied up her clothes.

In the end, she did not ask any more questions and left the ultrasound room.

After she left, the man wearing the mask took his mask off.

The other ultrasound doctor came back and teased, “Dr. Jones, are you going to examine your wife’s breasts personally?”