Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 144: A Direct Counterattack Against the Lawrence Enterprise’s Higher-ups

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Everyone looked at Jonathan.

After all, Jonathan’s prestige was still there, and he was also the oldest executive among them. Even if some people had some objections, they did not make a sound.

“I know about the incident this time. I believe that everyone is a little uneasy at this moment, and are all afraid that the Sanders will take revenge on the Lawrence Enterprise. I came here to calm everyone’s hearts, and to clearly tell everyone that the Sanders are not as petty as everyone might expect them to be. They are the rulers of Harken, after all. Everyone, there’s no need to worry over nothing here.” His words were sonorous and forceful.

He did not lose his authority just because he got older.

“Alexander, as Lawrence Enterprise’s executive general manager, you need to take the lead and reassure the senior executives and subordinates that our company will be fine.”

“Yes.” Alexander immediately said respectfully.

“Chairman.” Bryce opened his mouth, and at this moment, he sounded much more respectful.

“Director Hoffman, if you have something to say, just say it.”

“Although you said that the Sanders will not take revenge, that is because we are in luck and that the Sanders are rather kind. However, as an enterprise, we can not just take it for granted. We have to do our duty well and show the Sanders some respect. So, I suggest that Jeanne resign. In this way, the Sanders will naturally feel our sincerity...”

“The enterprise’s duty is to contribute to the economy of Harken, not to curry favor with the powerful.”Jonathan directly interrupted Bryce’s words.

Bryce was embarrassed by Jonathan’s words.

“I was watching the entire incident this time, and I don’t think Jeanne made any mistakes. I even support Jeanne’s actions. I am not protecting or covering up for Jeanne, but when the enterprise is wronged, it should stand up for itself and not simply swallow its anger. Therefore, I don’t agree with Director Hoffman’s words.”

Bryce felt very awkward after being told off in public.

Jonathan spoke again, “I’m here today to not only calm everyone down but also to encourage everyone to support my granddaughter. She naturally has her own arrangements for this logistics warehouse project under the Lawrence Enterprise. Please don’t use your qualifications and status to restrict her.”

“Chairman, are you sure you are protecting her? This is too obvious!” Bryce could not hold back and said sarcastically.

“Whether I am protecting her or not will depend on the result.” Jonathan’s expression was serious.

“The result? Isn’t the result already finalized?”

“Not yet!” Jeanne said.

Bryce instantly changed his tone, “I am talking to your grandfather. What right do you have to interrupt?”

“I gave her the right!” Jonathan said.

Bryce’s expression twisted uglily.

“It was my decision to let Jeanne come to work at the Lawrence Enterprise! I believe in my judgment!”Jonathan said again, his aura full of confidence. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Thank you for your affirmation, grandpa” Jeanne turned around and said to everyone respectfully, “Give me another day, and I will completely resolve this matter. If it is still the same tomorrow, then the Lawrence Enterprise will still have to bear the losses now. I will take the blame and resign, and even compensate the Lawrence Enterprise for all the losses.”

Bryce sneered, “Compensate for the losses? How will you compensate?”

“I will compensate in her stead,” Jonathan said firmly.

Bryce endured it.

“But if I manage to turn the situation around...” Jeanne’s eyes narrowed slightly, “I request for Director Hoffman to leave Lawrence Enterprise.”

The last sentence was a fatal blow.