Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 145: Jeanne’s Mysterious Identity

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

In the executive meeting room.

Bryce was forced into a corner by Jeanne.

His expression was extremely ugly.

However, at that moment, he could not say a single word.

Jeanne sneered, “Since you can’t be absolutely sure that I will fail, then please don’t be so sure.”

Bryce gritted his teeth and said, “For the chairman’s sake, I don’t want to make you look bad.”

His words sounded nice, but it was his way of giving himself a way out.

He had to admit that he was really humiliated by the Lawrences today.

Jonathan said, “Thank you, Director Hoffman. If the other senior directors here have any other opinions, please raise them.”

Even if some people were not convinced, they tactfully did not speak. Bryce had been embarrassed enough.

“Since everyone has no objections, then the meeting is adjourned,” Jonathan instructed.

Then, his personal assistant pushed him out of the meeting room.

Alexander followed behind Jonathan with Jeanne after him.

Joshua hurriedly trailed along.

Jonathan left the Lawrence Enterprise directly.

Alexander, Jeanne, and Joshua were all at the door to see him off.

Jonathan said to Alexander, “Support Jeanne more. Don’t let your daughter be bullied by outsiders.”

“Yes.” Alexander was extremely respectful.

Jeanne looked at Jonathan, waves of mixed emotions washing over her.

If Jonathan was not a person who prioritized business interests, and if she did not know how cruel he was on the inside, she might actually be moved by his actions today.

She watched Jonathan leave.

Only when the car drove out did she withdraw her gaze.

She retracted her gaze and met Alexander’s. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Alexander naturally had two faces. He was completely different in front of Jonathan.

His expression was cold as he looked at Jeanne. “Don’t do whatever you want just because your grandfather has your back. If you don’t save the Lawrence Enterprise from its losses, you’ll still have to get out of the company.”

“I know.”

Alexander left with these words and strode away.

Joshua hurriedly followed him.

He followed Alexander into the Executive General Manager’s office.

Joshua could not help but ask, “Dad, what does grandfather mean? Grandfather stood up for Jeanne in front of so many senior directors. What does that make me?”

“You? You are practically nothing.” Alexander was furious.

Joshua held back his anger.

“No matter what happens to Jeanne now, she has become more popular and was once glorious because of her achievements. You have been working in the Lawrence Enterprise for more than a year. All you do is waste time!”

“Dad, how can you say that about your son...”

“Then tell me what contribution you have made to the company, and what help you have brought me?”

“At least I know my own limits. I won’t be like Jeanne who caused so much trouble for you!” Joshua was displeased.

“You’re useless and you’re also unreasonable!”

“Dad...”

“Learn well. In the future, if your grandfather really gives Lawrence Enterprise to Jeanne, you can’t blame anyone else.”

“Dad.”

“Get out of here!” Alexander roared angrily.

Joshua could also see that Alexander was angry. Although he felt uncomfortable in his heart, he still left dejectedly.

When he returned to his office, he called Eden indignantly, “Brother-in-law, can you ask the Sanders to target the Lawrence Enterprise? I simply can’t stand Jeanne’s insufferably arrogant attitude. Today, my grandfather actually came to the company to support Jeanne. We originally wanted to kick Jeanne out of the company, but now we had to give her one more day.”

“Your grandfather supports Jeanne?” Eden was also a little surprised.

Based on his understanding of Jonathan Lawrence, he would never ignore his own grandson and support his granddaughter.

“Brother-in-law.” Joshua did not receive a reply and called out again.

“Alright, I got it.”

“Brother-in-law, what I mean is...”

The call was abruptly hung up.

He wanted to get support and not be ignored like this.

He had been ignored enough during this period of time!

Eden was indeed ignoring Joshua.

Joshua was useless, and Eden was just using him.

He did not have so much free time to deal with him.

Eden was a little uneasy now.

Initially, he felt that this matter would come to an end after Jeanne had some self-awareness and compromise. Next would be an internal crusade among the Lawrence Enterprise against Jeanne, and he would reap the benefits.

However, at this moment, he did not expect Jonathan to suddenly stand on Jeanne’s side.

Although Eden had never interacted with Jonathan, from his father’s description of this man, he knew that Jonathan was a sinister and cunning person. In the business world, he would do anything for profit. If it was not for the stroke two years ago that forced Jonathan to retire, the Lawrence Enterprise would not have declined so quickly.

He picked up the phone.

“Eden, what’s wrong?” Micheal’s tone was calm as always.

No matter what happened, he seemed to be calm and collected.

Eden said bluntly, “I’m a little worried that things will change.”

“What do you mean?”

“Just now, Joshua called me and said that Jonathan Lawrence stood up for Jeanne. We thought that Jeanne would have been kicked out of the Lawrence Enterprise today, but I didn’t expect Jonathan to back her up.”

“You mean that Jeanne might still have other tricks up her sleeve?” Micheal instantly understood.

“Yes.” Eden confirmed. “Jonathan is a businessman. In front of benefits, he won’t even consider his family. Moreover, Jeanne isn’t the successor of the Lawrence Enterprise. If you want to talk about favoritism, he’ll only be favoring Joshua.”

“Alright, I got it. I’ll go and inform the Sanders.”

“I really don’t want any more changes. We’ve already spent a lot of effort on Jeanne’s matter...”

Outside the room, Eden’s assistant pushed open the door.

It seemed like there was an urgent matter.

Eden frowned.

“President Swa, the Lawrence Enterprise released another video just now. It’s currently spreading across the media.”

Eden was shocked.

Micheal, who was on the other side of the phone, could feel that something was wrong. “What happened?”

“The Lawrence Enterprise released another video. It must be Jeanne again!”

“Hang up the phone first and see what it is.” Micheal made a prompt decision.

“Okay.”

Eden hurriedly hung up the phone. Suppressing his anger, he quickly opened the computer screen and typed in the word “Jeanne”.

Countless news articles about her popped up on the internet.

He clicked on the latest one.

He clicked on it and saw Jeanne’s inherently attractive face appear on the screen.

“I’m very sorry for taking up public resources again. I just want to be able to give my friends who are concerned about the logistics of the Lawrence Enterprise an explanation. I also want to draw a complete conclusion to this matter. This afternoon, the South Hampton City administrative office made a statement in front of the entire nation and gave Lawrence Enterprise a perfect compensation plan. The Lawrences were very grateful and seriously discussed the plan given to us by the administrative office. We found that everything the administrative office gave us was from the country’s assets. As an enterprise, I’m ashamed that not only did I not contribute to the country, but I also took the country’s assets.”

Eden gritted his teeth.

Although the Lawrences seemed to be taking the initiative to curry favor with the Sanders, the more they did so, the more uneasy he felt.

He controlled his emotions and looked down.

Jeanne continued, “In view of this, the Lawrence Enterprise actively held an internal seminar, trying to solve our difficulties through our own abilities. After more than two hours of intense discussions in the afternoon, we found a better way that can support both our logistics warehouse and the amusement park project. The following is the result of the Lawrence Enterprise’s discussion.”

Eden’s heart was racing. He was really afraid of how Jeanne would turn this matter around.

He stared at the screen.

“The biggest contradiction between the logistics warehouse and the amusement park is that the road traffic can not be used rationally. An amusement park is a place where people gather, and it is also a place where traffic will be bad. If the amusement park is too popular, traffic control will be implemented within 1,000 meters around the amusement park. That is to say, traffic is not allowed to enter. This is the fundamental problem that hindered our logistics warehouse. The logistics warehouse needs more convenient and faster transportation, so I think that as long as we solve the traffic problem, the logistics warehouse and the amusement park can be built together.”

Eden glared at Jeanne in the video.

This woman really had a lot of ideas.

Without a doubt, this was indeed a good way to have it both ways, but...

He sneered.

Whether the plan could be agreed to or not, or whether it could really be transformed was also up to the Sanders.

Although Jeanne’s suggestion was good, it could not be used. It was still futile.

“I contacted the world-class transportation master, Klaus Maine, through my friend’s connections. I just gave it a try and sent him the geographical blueprint of our place. I didn’t expect him to send me the first draft within an hour.” Jeanne took out the design draft and placed it in front of the computer screen. The design draft was not very clear, but it could be seen that it was indeed a blueprint for planning and construction.

“Mr. Klaus said that the terrain of our local area is not complicated. To solve the transportation problem in our logistics warehouse, we only need to build a light rail and a subway. The subway is for the amusement park, and the light rail is for the logistics warehouse. They are not related to each other and can work together.” Jeanne said briefly and very calmly, “He said that he bought the nearest plane ticket and will come to the field to make plans for us tomorrow.”

She must be lying!

Countless big shots could not even invite the world-class transportation master, but now, he would personally come to South Hampton City?

Just who the heck could Jeanne be?