Chapter 1442: George Was Moved

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Monica watched as Finn busied himself in and out of her kitchen. When he saw that she was up, he said calmly, “You’re awake. It’s time for dinner.”

When had she ever said that she was going to have dinner with him? When did she say that she wanted him to have dinner at her house?

“Have a seat first. I’ll bring the dishes over.”

Monica sneered. She really did not know how thick-skinned a man could be when he was shameless. Nevertheless, she sat at the dining table, and in front of him were two dishes — a salad and a risotto.

At that moment, Finn was carrying a plate of grilled steak. It was obvious that he was trying to cater to her taste. He placed the plate between them before he sat down.

He said, “You’re in the early stages of your pregnancy, and your nausea is bad.

That’s why you have to eat a well-balanced meal.”

Monica just looked at Finn without touching her utensils.

Finn took the initiative to pick up a piece of steak and placed it on Monica’s plate of risotto. “Have some meat. It’s good for the babies.”

Monica glanced at him and said, “Finn, do you think that the broken glass can be restored?”

Finn froze for a moment. In fact, he had expected that Monica would reject him.

He said, “There is a very advanced technology that can restore glass without any flaws.”

Monica’s eyes were indifferent as she said, “I can’t be restored.”

“I will try my best to.”

“You’ll only make me hate you more.”

“I know,” Finn said, “but I don’t have a choice. If I let go, you’ll leave.”

“Can’t we part on good terms? Must we be together for the sake of the children?

I can raise the children well by myself.”

“It has nothing to do with the children.” Finn said, “My feelings for you have never had anything to do with the children.”

Monica looked straight at Finn and realized that Finn had really changed; he had become shameless. She had never expected Finn to be so persistent in pursuing her.

“Everything you do is a waste of time. I can’t be with you again.”

“Nothing I do for you is a waste of time. In fact, I feel happy doing it. ” Finn’s tone was still very calm.

Monica bit her lip. She found that she could not talk to Finn anymore because no matter what she said to him now, she felt like she was talking to a wall.

With that, she got up and prepared to leave the dining table.

“I’m leaving,” Finn suddenly said.

Monica was stunned.

“I’m leaving. Sit down and eat,” Finn said.

Rather than sounding angry, his tone sounded flat.

Monica watched as he took off the apron and placed it aside.

He said, “Try to eat more. The babies need nutrition.”

After that, he left.

Monica felt angry for some reason and she wanted to get angry. However, she could not find anything to get angry about.

As Finn walked to the entrance, he said, “Monica, I didn’t like you at first.”

Monica’s eyes flickered.

to show your love for me, I unknowingly fell in love with you.”

“Things are different now. At that time, neither of us knew that the two of us were so unsuitable for each other…”

“It’s the same. My feelings for you are the same. I’ve never changed.” Monica’s heart ached. It was as if something had stabbed her heart.

He said, “I’m leaving.”

Just like that, he walked out of her house.

Monica watched as the door closed and then looked back at the dinner in front of her. She did not want to eat it, but Finn said that the babies needed nutrition.

Although there were premium-food takeouts, she would still have to wait for a while, and she was so hungry that she started retching again. With that, she picked up her utensils and ate the piece of steak Finn had placed on her plate. When would Finn give up? When would he know that it was impossible for them to be together — that it was impossible for her to trust him with her feelings for him?

It was not easy for her to walk out of his shadow.

Late at night in Bamboo Garden, Candice tiptoed out of her bedroom..