Chapter 1449: Stirring Up Trouble

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

When she pushed open the door to her room, Edward was also asleep.

He needed to be very self-disciplined. Under normal circumstances, he could not stay up late, drink too much, or do anything that was bad for his health.

As Candice climbed onto the bed and lay down beside Edward, Edward was startled awake. She even suspected that he had not fallen asleep just now.

The moment she got on the bed, he pulled her into his arms and hugged her tightly. It was as if he was afraid of losing her.

If he did not talk in his sleep, she would have that she was his whole world.

The next day, Edward brought Candice and Paige to the Nicholsons’ villa.

As George was injured, he could not go with them, but even if he could, he would not want to go either.

Along the way, Paige was thrilled as she thought that she was going to the amusement park again. However, when she heard that they were going to Candice’s house, she was not disappointed. Anyway, it was both a win for her as she got to leave the house.

Many cars were already parked at the entrance of the Nicholsons’ villa.

Obviously, there were many people who came to attend Wyatt’s birthday today.

When Edward showed up with Candice and Paige, he instantly attracted everyone’s attention, and they even greeted him with smiles.

Edward replied to them one by one before he brought Candice to Wyatt. Wyatt was extremely enthusiastic when he saw Edward. “Leader, you’re here.”

“You can call me Edward on such occasions.”

“Yes, yes, yes,” Wyatt quickly agreed.

“Dad, Mom.” Candice took the initiative to greet them.

“You’re here.” Claire revealed a charming smile.

“Sister, Edward,” Chloe quickly called out to them.

Candice pretended not to notice that Chloe called Edward on a first-name basis. She did not care about Chloe’s little schemes. Deep down, she believed Chloe was weak. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Paige.” Candice squatted down and picked up Paige. “This is your grandpa and grandma.”

Paige quickly greeted in her young voice, “Hello, Grandpa and Grandma.”

“Oh Paige, you’re so cute. Grandma has prepared a small gift for you. See if you like it. ” Claire quickly took out a small plushy. It was a pink puppy.

The last thing Paige could refuse was a stuffed toy like that, so she quickly nodded and said, “I like it very much. Thank you, Grandma.”

“You’re welcome.” Claire touched Paige’s face, looking very intimate. “What about me, Paige?” Chloe took the initiative to curry favor.

Paige glanced at Candice. “Mommy.”

Chloe’s expression changed slightly as she did not expect Paige to call Candice ‘mommy’. She had really underestimated Candice to be able to win over Edward’s daughter’s heart in such a short period of time!

She had originally planned to see Candice marry him and make a fool of herself. However, now that she saw Edward and Candice together, it was obvious that they had a great relationship.

Nevertheless, she endured the discomfort in her heart.

Candice pretended not to notice the change in Chloe’s expression and said gently to Paige, “This is my youngest sister, your aunt.”

“Hello, Aunt,” Paige greeted politely.

Chloe forced herself to smile again. “Paige, you’re so well-mannered and the most beautiful child I’ve ever seen.” “Really?” Paige asked happily.

No child could refuse being praised.

“Of course, it’s true.” Chloe deliberately said, “Your father is the most handsome man in the world, so you must be the most beautiful child in the world.”

She was beating around the bush, trying to please Edward and get Edward’s attention.

Paige quickly added, “My mother is also the most beautiful mother in the world. That’s why she gave birth to such a beautiful child like me. Isn’t that right, Mommy?”

Paige asked Candice. The little girl was very smart. Even though she was probably oblivious to what Chloe was thinking, she praised her mother because she was afraid Candice would be unhappy.

“Yes, yes, yes. Whatever you say is right.” Candice tapped Paige’s nose lovingly.

With Paige’s arm wrapped around Candice’s neck, it seemed like the two of them were extremely close.

Wyatt looked at their interaction and could not help but feel gratified. “I was worried that Paige would not like Candice, but it seems like I was overthinking. ”

“They have a really good relationship, and Paige likes Candice very much,” Edward replied.

“In that case, I can rest assured.” Wyatt hurriedly said, “Come, come. Let’s move to the garden and get ready to eat.”

“Alright.”

There were already several tables set up in the villa’s garden..