Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1460: Tortured by Nox

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The purpose of tonight was to get Nox drunk because she wanted him to do something premeditated while he was unconscious.

Nox walked out of the private room but did not go far. Instead, he just stood at the door and took out a cigarette to smoke. That was when he saw Shelly walking over with a tray and a glass of water.

The moment Shelly walked over, she saw Nox but pretended not to see him. She pushed open the door and was about to enter when Nox asked her coldly, “Shelly, aren’t you going to beg me?

Shelly felt like she had just heard the biggest joke in the world. Even if begging him was useful, she could not allow herself to live like that.

It was also because she knew Nox’s attitude toward her that she refused to humiliate herself. It was not easy for her to live well, and with just one word from Nox, he could make her go back to the days when she had to please him.

Although money attracted her, dignity was also important. She could not lose her values and herself because of money. Forget about the past, she had to set a good example now!

To a child, values were the most important!

“Shelly!” Nox grabbed her arm.

Shelly was still holding the tray in her hand, and because of Nox’s sudden action, the cup on the tray suddenly fell over. In order to prevent the cup from falling to the ground, Shelly grabbed it with her hands. Inevitably, the boiling water landed on the back of her hand.

It was so painful that Shelly wanted to scream, but she endured it. She just knew Nox’s greatest pleasure in life was to torture her to death.

She was just a little greedy when she was young, thinking she would eventually become the Winters’ young mistress, so she did some extreme things. However, it had been a few years. How petty was Nox to still bear a grudge against her?

“Are you stupid?” Nox suddenly roared when he saw Shelly reach for the cup with her bare hands.

He could tell how hot the water in the cup was by how red Shelly’s hand had turned. Yet, that woman did not even make a sound. She did not even respond to Nox’s curses!

Anyway, she said that she did not want to break the cup and pay for it, which Nox thought was hilarious. It was just as funny as how she thought that Nox being cuckolded was.

“What are you waiting for? Go and rinse it with cold water.” Nox was speechless.

He immediately wanted to drag Shelly over.

“I can go by myself.” Shelly pushed Nox away.

Nox frowned as he felt that Shelly was against him. The moment his hand touched her wrist, she immediately pushed it away, as if she had touched something dirty.

‘F*ck. How dare Shelly has the nerve to despise me? She should look at what kind of person she is before judging me.’

He knew that any woman who worked in the nightclub, including the waiters, could be taken away as long as someone paid them.

How could Shelly have the cheek to treat him like that? It did not look like she was playing hard to get. It was a deep sense of rejection.

‘Damn it!’

In the past two years, Shelly had become more and more skilled at seducing men. However, Nox could not be bothered with Shelly. He put out his cigarette and walked back to the private room, where Zoe was still waiting for him with a smile.

Shelly was really worthless compared to Zoe.

When Nox returned to the sofa, Zoe handed him a glass of wine, and he glanced at her.

“We’re getting married soon. I want to have a drink with you alone.” Zoe seemed a little shy as she said that.

Nox smiled and took Zoe’s wine glass, not finding anything unusual.

At that, Zoe seemed to smile even brighter. She said, “Nox, I can’t wait to get married to you.”

“Me, too.”

With that, Nox and Zoe clinked their glasses. At that moment, everyone else in the private room was also looking at the two of them.

“Let’s raise our glasses to the couple,” someone jeered.

Nox and Zoe exchanged glances while everyone downed the drink in their hands.

“Now, give your fiancee a kiss!” someone said deliberately.

Nox was actually not interested in doing those childish things, but at that moment, he saw Zoe leaning in to kiss him.

Not wanting to spoil Zoe’s mood, Nox decided to lean in and kiss her Zoe in front of everyone. He would just it take as a proposal since he did not propose to her..