Chapter 1462: Tortured by Nox

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Considering the state Nox was in, Zoe probably would not abandon Nox to have sex with another man, or that was what Shelly thought.

Nevertheless, she used all her strength to kick Nox away, and Nox was pushed down under the sofa by that sudden force.

Shelly did not even have time to tidy up her clothes before ran out of the room. The most important thing now was to escape. Then, she would call Zoe after she escaped.

In no time, Shelly rushed out of the door. She opened the door and was about to leave when the door was slammed shut.

Seeing that, Shelly tugged at the door handle, trying to pull it open. However, at tnat moment, sne telt tne man bemncl ner…

The waitress at the nightclub were all dressed in white shirts, black vests, and short skirts, which were really easy to lift.

Before Shelly could react…

‘Damn it. That b*stard.’

Shelly clenched her fists. The only person or man she hated the most in her life was Nox.

How much did she owe him to be abused by him like that?

Late at night, Shelly finally left in a taxi. At that time, dawn had broken.

Ever since she was promoted to the VIP area of the nightclub, she had quit her part-time job of selling breakfast in the morning.

Yet now, she pondered whether she should return to her old lifestyle. Although it was a little tiring, she would not bump into Nox so frequently.

In fact, once she had earned enough money, she wanted to take Bella and leave South Hampton City. Anyway, she did not have any relatives or friends here, nor did she have anything to worry about. If she went to any other city, she would be able to live a good life with Bella.

While Shelly was thinking about those things, the car arrived at Sarah’s neighborhood.

In order to save money, she was living with Sarah. She actually did not want to owe anyone a favor, but sometimes, she had to give in to realities.

She returned home and carefully opened the door to the quiet house. Just as Shelly was about to return to her room, Sarah suddenly opened her door. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Shelly.”

Startled, Shelly looked at Sarah.

“It just seems to me that you’re coming back later and later, which isn’t good.” Sarah said seriously, “Bella is so young. Aren’t you worried about her?” Shelly remained silent.

“Every night, Bella would wait eagerly for you to come back. Sometimes, she’ll even wait until 1 a.m. or 2 a.m. at night. Now that you’re coming back later and later, she really can’t take it anymore and will fall asleep as soon as she sits on the bed.” Sarah could not bear to watch Bella suffer like that any longer.

Therefore, she did not sleep much that night, just so that she could have a good talk with Shelly.

“Tonight is a special occasion. I usually won’t get back so late,” Shelly explained.

“Usually, you would only get back at 1 a.m. at the earliest. Have you ever thought about how much Bella misses you every night? Give up your job at the nightclub and do something else!” Sarah said, “Why don’t I introduce you to a

job at my cousin’s pharmaceutical company? Although the income might not be high, it’s much better than you living an irregular life. You should think about Bella.”

“Alright.” Shelly nodded.

She thought Sarah was right. However, as for whether she would follow Sarah’s advice or not, she still had to think about it carefully before doing anything.

She Imew she could not rely on anyone else in the world except herself, even though she once thought that she could covet the Winters’ money.

Later on, after Nox humiliated her, it was not easy for her to know her worth and set up her boundaries, so she did not want to repeat the same mistake again.

“Sigh, go to bed early. You’ve worked hard.” Sarah sighed, feeling sorry for Shelly.

After all, Shelly did not want to do so either. As a single mother with no diploma or skills, it was not easy for her to raise a child on her own. More importantly, Shelly would always refuse the money she gave her.

Sarah did not know how that woman could have such strong self-esteem.

“You should sleep more too. Your skin will only recover if you get enough sleep.” Shelly smiled faintly.

It was as if she could accept everything she encountered calmly.

As Sarah nodded and returned to her room, Shelly also entered her room, in which Bella was sleeping soundly on the large bed.

In fact, she could imagine the pitiful look on Bella’s face as Bella waited for her to sleep with her every night..