Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1475: Shelly and Nox Fight

“In that case, I’ll let you go now. Can you leave?” Shelly asked.

Nox was so angry that he could explode. Shelly almost scared him to death just now. How could a person faint just like that?

When he picked up the unconscious Shelly and went to the highway to stop a taxi, he completely forgot how dangerous that action was. If he was not careful, he might have been killed by a car.

Fortunately, he managed to hail a car and rush to the hospital as fast as he could.

After arriving at the hospital, the doctor did a checkup on her. The initial conclusion was that the high fever caused her to faint. However, the reason why she had been unconscious for so long was that she had fallen asleep.

F*ck! How dare she have the nerve to fall asleep when he was about to faint from anger! In fact, she had a very good sleep.

Did that woman have no conscience?!

He gritted his teeth as he stayed with Shelly in the ward. The more he thought about it, the angrier he got when he saw her even breathing. He even wanted to drag that woman out of bed.

How could she sleep so soundly while he was so scared that his soul almost left his body?

As such, he left the ward angrily, not planning to care about Shelly anymore. However, when he walked out of the door, he hesitated again. It was not because he was reluctant to part with Shelly, but because of the little girl he saw that morning.

Of course, he knew that it was not his. After all, he and Shelly had only slept together once, so how could they have a child together? It was impossible for a woman like Shelly to have his child.

More importantly, Shelly got into a serious car accident after Shelly slept with him, so there was no way she kept the child. However, he was just curious as to whose child it was. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

He tried to guess the child’s age. Shelly must have gotten pregnant not long after the car accident. At that thought, Nox was furious again.

Shelly really could not keep her hands to herself for even half a minute before she hooked up with another man!

No wonder she left the Winters back then. It might be because she had found a

sugar daddy, and now that she had been abandoned by her sugar daddy, she was too embarrassed to come back. That must be it!

With that thought in mind, Nox called someone to verify it. He wanted to know who the man that got Shelly pregnant was!

That was why he did not leave the hospital in the end. Moreover, he was unwilling to go to the ward, because seeing Shelly sleeping like a pig made him inexplicably angry. If the doctor had not come, he would not have followed the doctor into the ward.

Once he entered the ward, he barely exchanged a few words with Shelly before he was angered to death again.

“Shelly, if not for me, you would’ve died out there! Is this how you treat your savior?”

Savior? How dare he have the cheek to say that he was her savior? If he had not kicked her out of the car and left her drenched on the street for so long yesterday, she would not have had such a fever.

In fact, if Nox had not tormented her for the entire night the day before yesterday, causing her body to suffer some damage, her immune system would not be so weak.

The point was, if Nox had not come to pester her today and made things difficult for her, she would not have fainted on the road. All of that was thanks to Nox, yet he had the nerve to say that he was her savior?

As she looked at him sarcastically, Nox’s face darkened.

What did Shelly mean? Was she mocking him? Was that her attitude toward someone who had saved her life?

He really had the urge to strangle Shelly. Shelly said, “How about I devote myself to you?” “Shelly!” Nox almost jumped up.

How could Shelly be so shameless at a time like that?

He said fiercely, “If you really want to marry me, you’ll do anything!”

“Since you know that, why are you still approaching me? Are you deliberately giving me a chance to marry you?”

Nox was so angry that his face turned pale.

It was true. If he continued to involve himself with Shelly, he would go crazy. With that, he stood up and left. On his way out, he slammed the door behind him angrily, and the door shook, indicating how angry he was.

Shelly, on the other hand, was calm. After all, her goal was to provoke Nox. She did not want to waste any more time talking to the man, or she was afraid she would lose two years of her life in jail.

Fuming, Nox walked out of the hospital. Just as he was at the entrance, his phone rang.

“Mr. Winter.”

“Speak!” Nox’s tone was quite frightening..