Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1516: Candice Recovers Her Memories, Jeanne Is Alive

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

In that quiet room, Jeanne did not answer, and George did not pursue the matter. Eventually, George’s even breathing sounded, and Jeanne also fell asleep. After that, she had a dream, a long and beautiful one.

In her dream, she saw the tall, mighty, handsome, and powerful Kingsley, who seemed very young at the time. Lucy, too, seemed very young.

Wait a minute. Was that not the first time Lucy used a honey trap to assassinate Kingsley?

Jeanne looked at Lucy looking nervous. After all, Lucy was still a little afraid of someone like Kingsley.

When Lucy came out of the bathroom after taking a shower, Kingsley was standing on the balcony, smoking.

Lucy took a deep breath and walked to the balcony. Then, she hugged Kingsley’s back affectionately and said, “Smoking is bad for your health.”

She said it in a delicate voice that was a fatal temptation to most men.

However, Jeanne’s heart suddenly skipped a beat at that moment. It was because Kingsley was not an ordinary man, and he did not accept any flattery from women. On the contrary, he might even become more violent.

Unexpectedly, she suddenly saw Kingsley extinguish the cigarette butt in his hand obediently. After extinguishing the cigarette butt, Kingsley turned around to face Lucy, looking at her shy face.

His eyes were fixed on her face, and there seemed to be a trace of heartache in his eyes.

Lucy’s heart trembled a little when she saw his expression. Could it be…that Kingsley had discovered her?

She had long gotten to know who Kingsley was To be able to become the head of the Hills at such a young age, he was not a simple man. She had also heard of the cruel and bloody side to him. Once he found out about her identity, she would definitely die a gruesome death.

The moment she was doubting herself and even thinking about how to escape unscathed, a pair of slender hands suddenly caressed her cheeks.

His palms were covered in calluses, but he was unusually gentle. He gently caressed her face and forehead. It was as if there was a scar on her face. She was feeling the existence of the scar.

That made Lucy even more terrified. If she was really discovered, she wished he could kill her directly and not torture her in that way.

She felt like her heart was about to jump out of her chest as she looked at the rumored cold-blooded, ruthless, and cruel man in front of her, who was extremely gentle.

Was that how he looked when he was killing people? Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

She controlled her heartbeat to calm herself down. There was a blade in her mouth, but they needed to kiss before she could cut his tongue. However, she did not know how she could kiss him on the lips.

Lucy gritted her teeth. She suddenly tiptoed and pressed her lips against Kingsley’s. At that moment, she was even prepared for Kingsley to push her away.

To her surprise, Kingsley did not move. It was as if he was frozen in place, and he allowed her lips to kiss his.

Lucy could no longer care. In any case, either one of them would die, so she had to take a gamble. She stuck out her tongue and parted his lips. Then, she used her tongue to wrap around the blade and tried to cut his tongue.

However, at that moment, he took the blade from the tip of her tongue, and it instantly became his possession.

“Oh.” Lucy stared at Kingsley with wide eyes.

She thought that she might be the one who would have her tongue cut out in the next second. Unexpectedly, he suddenly pushed her away.

Lucy took two steps back, wanting to take the opportunity to leave. Clearly, the mission had failed, and she would die if she stayed here. However, just as she walked to the door and opened it, the man behind her suddenly closed the door.

In fact, she could not leave even if she opened the door because a few assassins in black were standing at the door. If she rushed out and Kingsley gave the order, she would die there and then.

She suppressed the fear she felt as she felt Kingsley’s hand reaching for her neck. Thinking that he was going to strangle her to death, she suddenly turned around and waved her hand.

The blade between her fingers reached directly for Kingsley’s neck. If not for his quick reaction, she would have cut the artery in his neck right now, and he would die in front of her in a minute..