Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1522: Side Story: Lucy, I Want You To Like Me

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“This is the first time Kingsley has brought a woman to my room,” Jeanne said.

Lucy was looking at George when she heard Jeanne’s voice, and she raised her head. “Is that so?”

“What’s your relationship with him?” Jeanne asked.

“I tried to assassinate him, but I failed, so I became his prisoner.” Jeanne suddenly laughed.

When did Kingsley have so much free time on his hands? Not only did the person who failed to kill him not die, but he also brought her back alive.

“Have you had any contact with Kingsley before?”

“No, I’ve never met him before.”

“So Kingsley fell in love with you at first sight,” Jeanne said bluntly.

Lucy almost lost her mind at that moment.

Before she assassinated Kingsley, she had learned about the man. He had so many women, who were good-looking, sexy, pure, well-behaved… Having had so many different women, it would be strange if he fell in love with anyone.

“You don’t believe me?” Jeanne raised her eyebrows.

“I don’t dare to believe it.” Lucy said bluntly, “I know my place.”

Jeanne did not say anything else. After all, she was not confident that Kingsley liked Lucy either.

She just found Kingsley’s actions today a little strange. Coupled with the way he looked at Lucy, she had confirmed several times that Lucy was indeed different from the others. If Kingsley did not like Lucy, he would never look at her like that.

However, she was not confident because she could not believe that a person like Kingsley could like someone. She had always thought that with his personality, he would end up alone.

“It’s late. Why aren’t you asleep yet?” Jeanne asked. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“To make room for Kingsley and a woman.” Lucy did not hide anything.

“Make room?”

“Kingsley and another woman are in the room now…” Lucy said, “You’ve given birth before, so you should understand.”

With that said, Jeanne obviously understood what she meant. However, she could not help but curse in ers heart.

All men were like that, like a leopard who could not change its spots. Whether they liked someone or not, they just could not control their lower body.

“Lucy.” Kingsley’s voice suddenly sounded from the door.

Lucy’s body froze for a moment because the voice gave her a fright.

She suddenly turned to look at Kingsley and thought, ‘Are they done? This wasn’t the case last night!’

Last night, it took them at least two to three hours to finish! Therefore, she felt a little silly hugging George.

Jeanne, too, could sense that something was not right between the two of them.

“Why are you here?” Kingsley asked her.

“I didn’t know where to go, so I came to see Jeanne. Didn’t you tell me to help Jeanne with taking care of George? I came to familiarize myself with him,” Lucy explained.

She could tell that Kingsley was not in a good mood.

“It’s very late. Come back to my room with me,” Kingsley said coldly.

“You…” Lucy braced herself and forced the words out of her mouth. “Are you done?”

“What do you mean by done?” Kingsley frowned.

“I mean…”

“I’ll make it clear to you. In the future, you’ll be the only woman in my bed,” Kingsley said very seriously, and it did not seem like a joke.

Lucy was dumbfounded. Could it be that Kingsley really fell in love with her at first sight?

Instead of feeling surprised by that, she was shocked. To think she could make an assassin — a man who could make people tremble in fear from the mention of his name — fall in love!

Or did he fall in love with her at first glance? Was it all a lie?

“Return George to Jeanne.” Kingsley’s tone was a little harsh.

He probably wanted to bring her back to his room as soon as possible.

Lucy was frightened, but she still had to listen to what he said. With that, she returned George to Jeanne.

At that moment, George unconsciously grabbed Lucy’s long hair. It did not hurt. On the contrary, it filled her heart with warmth, and it made her feel like she was needed.

There was a hint of affection on her face. “I’ll hold you again tomorrow.”

George looked at Lucy with his big black eyes. Although he did not seem to understand what she was saying, he looked extremely adorable.

By then, Jeanne had already pried George’s hands away and carried him from Lucy’s arms. The second she let go of George, she missed the feeling of hugging him.

However, assassins were cold and emotionless. Even though she was a little reluctant to part with him, she still turned around and left, following Kingsley back to their room.

“Sleep,” Kingsley said.

“Oh.” Lucy climbed onto the bed and slept next to Kingsley.

Kingsley naturally pulled her into his arms. It made Lucy wonder if something was wrong with him.

“Do you like children?” Kingsley asked.

“Not really,” Lucy replied.

If she had not met George, she would not have known that children were like that. It was as if she did not have memories of herself as a baby.

“If you want, we can have one,” Kingsley said bluntly.

Lucy was so shocked that could feel herself breaking out in cold sweat.

She quickly looked up at Kingsley. From last night to today, she felt that the man was constantly refreshing her understanding of him.

“Go to sleep.” Kingsley’s voice was gentle.

He hugged her a little tighter. Just like last night, he hugged her to sleep as if he was afraid that she would run away.

Last night, she thought he was in a good mood because she had served him well. However, tonight, they did not do anything.

In the end, she could not help but ask, “Mr. Thorn, do you like me?”

The man who was hugging her tensed up. He had never said the word ‘like’ before in his life. Before he died, it had never even crossed his mind. His throat moved slightly, and his voice was a little low. “Isn’t it obvious?”

“I just can’t believe it. Didn’t we just meet yesterday? I even wanted to kill you yesterday.”

“Do you believe in past lives and present lives?” Kingsley suddenly asked.

Lucy was stunned.

“I will treat you well for the rest of my life.”

“Are you possessed? Should I get the priest to do an exorcism?” Lucy obviously did not believe him.

“You’re my priest.”

Lucy was rendered speechless by Kingsley’s words.

“Lucy, ” Kingsley called her name.

He even called her by her name so gently, and it was filled with affection.

If he did not explain it in that way, she really could not find any reason to believe that Kingsley suddenly liked her. “Try to like me too,” Kingsley said.

She did not dare to.

“I want you to like me.” Kingsley hugged her body tightly.

Lucy’s heart skipped a beat, and she realized it was the feeling of being moved.

She was doomed.. Once an assassin started to have feelings for someone, she was not far from death!