Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1601: Grand Wedding, Zoe Gets Humiliated

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Shelly looked at the comment section indifferently. They were all blessings for

Nox and Zoe, saying that they were a match made in heaven. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

It also said that they were on par with each other in terms of family background and character, making them the most well-matched couple in Harken. In short, there were many compliments. Of course, there were also a few keyboard warriors, but they were all covered up by the blessings.

Shelly, however, felt bored after watching for a while. She looked up at the time and wondered why Bella was not out yet. Every second of waiting felt like torture to her.

When Nox arrived at the Sullivans’ residence, the villa was already decorated for the wedding. As soon as he was at the entrance of the villa, the relatives of the Sullivans came out to greet him and guided him to the backyard, where he would wait for Zoe.

Nox was an outgoing person and could liven up the atmosphere wherever he was, so while he waited for Zoe at the end of the aisle, he entertained the relatives, making everyone laugh. Even the onlookers on the screen had bright smiles on their faces. They were completely helpless against a handsome, rich, and funny man like Nox.

It took about half an hour for Zoe to show up in a beautiful wedding dress, and as she walked across the field, she smiled at Nox. When the camera zoomed in on her, many of the onlookers were stunned.

Shelly also happened to want to distract herself at that moment, so she watched the live broadcast and saw how beautiful Zoe was today. That was when she realized why Nox liked Zoe so much.

A superficial man like him could only be conquered by a good-looking woman. However, she wondered what Nox would do if he found out that Zoe also had plastic surgery!

Then, she suddenly thought of Nox and Zoe’s future child. When their child was born… For some reason, she believed there would be a ‘pass the popcorn moment’ when the time came! Just thinking about it made her excited.

At the scene of the wedding, Nox handed the bouquet in his hand to Zoe and asked, “Zoe, are you ready?”

At that moment, Nox gave people the impression that he was very serious, cautious, responsible, and manly. It made people feel that his feelings for Zoe were very deep.

Zoe smiled and took the bouquet from Nox. “I am.”

The audience applauded, and the comment section on the live broadcast was

also exploding with comments blessing the newly-wed couple.

As Nox looked deeply into Zoe’s eyes, Zoe lowered her head shyly. It was a beautiful scene. Coupled with the professional videographer’s great angle, the scene of the two of them kissing looked warm, romantic, and picturesque.

The applause continued, and the comments were also filled with blessings.

Shelly looked at it for a while and felt bored again. If Nox were not so popular today, and if Bella’s surgery was not today, she would not be watching Nox’s wedding.

Watching him kissing Zoe… She thought about what happened last night. As expected, Nox and Zoe were not good people.

Nox only let go of Zoe after a long time. From the bottom of his heart, he was content and happy, especially with everyone’s blessings.

Last night, what he did to Shelly… He felt inexplicably angry about it. What Shelly said about him regretting the idea of marrying Zoe kept him up for most of the night. Even he was a little convinced by what she said.

Fortunately, it was all but an illusion. Looking at the beautiful Zoe who had a blushing smile on her face, he was filled with happiness. He then bent down and picked Zoe up. The long tail of the wedding dress looked beautiful as it fell on the ground.

When Nox left the backyard with Zoe in his arms, everyone in the room followed him out. Nox carried Zoe and got into the wedding car while the other relatives and friends of the Sullivans all got into other cars under the arrangement of the staff. After that, the car drove toward the wedding venue.

Nox, who had returned to the car, was a little tired.

Zoe looked at him and could not help but ask, “Did you get back very late last night?”

“Yes.” Nox replied, “I should have listened to you and shouldn’t have let myself go completely. When I woke up today, I was dead tired, but fortunately, when I thought of picking you up, I was instantly happy..”