Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1635: Zoe Is Pregnant

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Shelly had to admit that she was a little impulsive to clear Nox’s name.

She wanted to use that method to make sure that she and Nox never interact again, but she had never expected the consequences to be so serious. As she had never experienced cyberbullying before, she did not know how brutal it could be.

The first impact of the cyberbullying was that Bella was expelled from school.

After Bella had rested for nearly ten days after her surgery, Shelly brought

Bella to the kindergarten, but the director of the school immediately dismissed Bella. The reason was that they did not want Bella to be bullied by others because of Shelly. In order to ensure Bella’s physical and mental health, Shelly was advised not to bring Bella to the kindergarten for the time being.

However, that kind of expulsion was not just limited to one kindergarten as all of the other ones also rejected Bella’s entry. Although Shelly was a little unhappy about it, she accepted the reality.

With regard to the negative press about her, she knew she would be criticized by others. Since Bella was very easily implicated, she decided to let Bella take a break from school for a period of time. After the matter was over, it would not be too late for Bella to go to school then.

Unexpectedly, Bella’s temporary absence from school was not the only thing that affected her. Even on the streets, people would point at her and talk about her.

Once, she brought Bella to the supermarket, and everyone looked at her and talked about her as if they were looking at a monster. Another time, she took Bella to the hospital for a check-up, and the doctors and nurses were also extremely unfriendly to her and even Bella.

Shelly thought that she was merely being attacked on the Internet and that she could ignore them. After all, it was just a virtual world to her, and she did not expect it to have such a massive impact on her real life. However, what caught her off guard was experiencing a series of things that she did not expect.

For example, she had received artificial limbs in the mail before. Although they were fake, when Shelly opened the package, she was almost scared to death.

She had also received a terrifying phone call, which woke her up in the middle of the night. As soon as she answered the call, she heard a sinister and terrifying voice coming from the other end. Shelly was so scared that she smashed her phone on the ground.

The most outrageous thing was that someone had pasted a picture of Bella’s tombstone, which they generated from the computer, on her door. That time, she really broke down so hard that she could not calm down. Her sudden loss of control had truly frightened Bella.

That was the first time Shelly doubted her life. She had never regretted leaving the Winters but regretted what happened this time. She did not expect it to be so serious as to affect her normal life.

For a long time, she had a nervous breakdown and sealed herself and Bella away from the public. They did not go out, did not accept any packages, and did not answer any calls. They simply stayed at home every day and did not leave the house. Once a week when Shelly would go out to shop for food, she would fully arm herself and return home as quickly as possible.

Despite that, Bella was still a child and was different from adults. Soon, she had forgotten the hurt they had suffered and would clamor to go out and play.

Every time, she would cry at Shelly, but Shelly still chose to refuse. Hence, Bella would lean against the window, sobbing and looking pitifully at the world outside.

Shelly’s heart ached to see her daughter like that. However, because of the harm that the outside world had brought them, she, as cruel as she was, made Bella stay at home. The two seemed to be isolated from the world, sealed in a small space in their own room.

Shelly did not know how long she would have to live like that. She even began to think of taking Bella away from South Hampton City, but where should she go after leaving South Hampton City? Somewhere without cyber bullying?

Shelly met Zoe a week after she released the video to the public. It was Zoe who went to her house to look for her.

In fact, she did not open the door at first. During this period of time, there would be knocks on the door from time to time, and it was always in the middle of the night. Every time, she would be woken up by a fright and then she would not be able to sleep for the entire night.

When Zoe came to look for her, she thought it was a prank until Zoe told her who she was..