Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1641  Nox's Indifference, Shelly Was Attacked Again

Nox's eyes turned cold. He was so cold to Zoe that there was no way he still had any feelings for her.

He had never thought that Zoe would make a cuckold out of him. Although he was furious, he was not sad about her hurting him. All he thought about was taking revenge on Zoe! On the contrary, Shelly was somehow the one he cared about during this period of time.

Nox did not let himself think too deeply about it. He said, "I'll call her immediately."

Zoe was stunned, and she looked at Nox in disbelief. "This is our child. How can we–"

"Ours?" Nox sneered. "Are you sure this child is mine?"

The cold smile looked ironic. It was as if she was the biggest joke in the world.

Zoe was actually prepared for Nox to treat her like that. Her eyes were red as she said, "I know I've done a lot of things to let you down, but you're the only person I love. Nox, I will never get pregnant with another man's child besides yours…"

"Do you think I'll believe you?" Nox raised his eyebrows.

"Didn't we skip using any contraceptives on the eve of our wedding?" Zoe reminded him, "You said that we didn't need to take any precautions, so the child was conceived that night."

"So what? Do you think I'll let you give birth to it?" Nox did not want to waste time talking to Zoe.

No matter whose the child was, he did not want any of them. He even believed that it was better if it were someone else's because if it was his, he would die of disgust. He could not accept his child living in such a slutty woman's body, which would be an insult to his child.

"Nox, the child is innocent. No matter what happened between us, you shouldn't be angry at the child." Zoe acted pitifully.

"I'm not here to talk nonsense with you. I'll arrange the surgery immediately. You should be prepared." After saying that, Nox turned around and left.

"Nox!" Zoe got down from the bed and grabbed Nox's hand. "Don't do this. I beg you. The child is innocent. You can't do this."

Nox's expression was ugly as he pushed Zoe away strongly, causing Zoe to take a few steps back.

Nox said, "Zoe, from the moment you cheated on me, there will be no feelings between us. Don't use the child to threaten me. It's useless to me!"

"Nox, how can you be so cruel? How can you be so cruel to me? How could you be so cold-blooded and kill your own flesh and blood? How could you do this? God will punish you for doing it!" Zoe broke down.

She was devastated about how determined Nox was.

Nox, however, was unmoved. There was not a trace of sympathy on his face. In fact, his face was filled with disgust. He said, "You should have known that this would happen when you betrayed me."

After saying that, Nox turned around and left. Zoe watched as Nox disappear from her sight and broke down in tears.

Nox never used to be like that. In the past, Nox was obedient to her and would do whatever she said. Hence, she had never expected Nox to call it quits with her and drive her into a corner. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

She had always thought that Nox would still have feelings for her. Considering they had been together for more than three years, there was no way for him not to have any feelings for her. However, the current Nox was cold-blooded and terrifying, and he did not leave her any leeway.

She was so angry that her entire body was trembling. She had originally thought that she could get something out of the child. Even if Nox did not want it, at least she could get some benefits from him, such as money. However, before she could say anything, Nox left. The fact that he did not take her seriously at all upset her.

After Nox left, a few doctors in white coats walked in and said to Zoe, "We'll be preparing for surgery in half an hour, so we'll do a pre-surgery examination now."

Zoe looked at the doctors and nurses in front of her blankly. It turned out that Nox's words just now were not to scare her. Everything had been arranged so quickly.

No. She would not allow Nox to have his way. Since he wanted to treat her like that, she would make him suffer too!

…

After Shelly and Benjamin left the hospital with Bella, they went straight home.