Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1642  Nox's Indifference, Shelly Was Attacked Again

When they arrived at the entrance of the residential area, Shelly took Bella from Benjamin's arms and said, "It's okay. I can head back myself. You should go back too."

"You want to drive me away so badly?" Benjamin smiled bitterly.

"I just don't want to waste your time. Don't you have classes all the time?"

"There aren't that many classes to go to in university. I came after class."

"Go back." Shelly still refused Benjamin's company. "You should know what I mean."

As it was not Nox, she could be merciful and spare herself from being direct.

"Didn't we agree to be friends?"

"This is the distance friends should keep." FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

It meant that if he got any closer, he would be crossing the line.

Benjamin felt helpless about it, but Shelly was not moved by Benjamin's sadness as she did not want to implicate anyone. She would never do what Nox and Zoe did, where she would make things difficult for others just because she was not doing well.

With that, Shelly carried Bella and turned to leave, not giving Benjamin any chance. Just as she turned around, Benjamin suddenly shouted, "Be careful!"

At the same time, Benjamin stood in front of Shelly, who hugged Bella tightly in her arms to prevent her from getting hurt. At that moment, she felt that her entire body was drenched.

It turned out that a person had suddenly appeared with a bucket and poured all the red liquid inside onto Shelly. Although Benjamin was standing in front of Shelly, her and Bella's clothes were stained red.

The person who suddenly appeared was wearing a mask and a cap, and after splashing the liquid onto them, he quickly ran away. It was impossible to see who he was.

"Shelly, are you okay?" Benjamin asked nervously.

He saw that Shelly's body was covered in red liquid. For a second, it felt like she was covered in blood.

Shelly shook her head. "I'm fine."

Right now, all her attention was on Bella, who was frightened and had burst into tears.

"Bella, don't cry. It's alright. It's alright," Shelly quickly coaxed Bella.

"Boohoo! Mommy, I'm scared. Mommy…" Bella grabbed onto Shelly's clothes and cried so hard that her body was trembling.

"Don't be afraid. I'll protect you." Shelly comforted her.

At that moment, she hugged Bella tightly and hurriedly ran into the neighborhood, with Benjamin following behind her. Shelly noticed him and wanted to tell him to go, but she held her tongue.

When they returned home, Shelly quickly carried Bella to the began to cry loudly again.

"Don't be afraid. We'll just throw it away." Shelly comforted her in a bathroom to take a shower and took off her blood-stained clothes.

"Mommy, Mommy, there's so much blood. I'm so scared..." Bella looked at the blood on her clothes and was so frightened that she began to cry loudly again.

"Don't be afraid. We'll just throw it away." Shelly comforted her in a low voice.

However, their bodies were really stained with blood. She did not know what kind of animal it was, but it had a fishy smell that made her want to vomit.

"Mommy… Boohoo… Why did that person do this to us…" Bella was crying his heart out, probably scared out of her wits.

"He probably got the wrong person," Shelly told a white lie. "Bella, don't think about it anymore. I'll make sure you're clean and smell good, okay?"

"Okay." Bella nodded obediently.

Shelly stroked Bella's head and cleaned herself and Bella thoroughly. After washing up, she changed into clean clothes and packed up the blood-stained clothes, preparing to throw them out.

As soon as she came out of the bathroom, she saw Benjamin standing in the living room, covered in blood. He was probably afraid that the blood would dirty the house, so he stood there and did not dare to move.

Benjamin saw Shelly come out with her face flushed red after a shower and quickly looked away.

Shelly looked at Benjamin in a daze. After a long time, she said, "Go take a shower. I'll find you some of my clothes to change into."

"Alright." Benjamin quickly nodded.

"I'm going to throw the clothes away."

"Alright."

Shelly quickly walked out of the house and threw the clothes into the trash can outside. Then, she returned to her room to look for some clothes.

Even after searching for a while, she could not find a size that Benjamin could wear. Hence, she thought about it for a moment and put the pink bathrobe she had just washed in the bathroom.

She said, "Put on my bathrobe for now. I'll go out and buy you some clothes later."

"No need. After I take a shower, I'll wash my clothes myself."

"It's covered in blood…"

"It's alright," Benjamin quickly said.

Seeing the determination on Benjamin's face, Shelly did not insist on getting him clothes. "In that case, you take a shower first."

As she spoke, she turned on the shower for Benjamin before walking out of the bathroom and going to the living room.

Then, she took a deep breath to calm herself down and put on the TV for Bella to watch while she prepared dinner. There were many things she had to force herself to let go of and endure.

While Shelly was heating the stove, a sudden knock came from the door, which shocked Shelly and startled Bella.

Just when Shelly thought it was another cyberbullying attack, she heard a roar from outside the door. "Shelly, open the door!"

It was Nox!