Chapter 1669: Monica Takes A Jab At Nox

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“Yeah, I was rejected and even treated as a pervert. You can laugh if you want! I don’t care anyway!” Nox said indifferently.

Of course, Monica knew that Nox was not as indifferent about it as he claimed.

She said, “That’s right. I really do want to laugh! For treating Sarah the way you did back then, it serves you right!”

“Monica, that’s enough!” Nox said he did not care, but when Monica mocked him, he exploded with anger.

“Just give up. Shelly won’t accept you.”

“If she doesn’t accept me, I’ll take her by force!” Nox gritted his teeth.

“Shelly will hate you even more if you do that.”

“Do you think I’m afraid she’ll hate me? I, Nox, have never cared about how many people hate me.”

“It’s really rare to see someone as shameless as you!”

“Monica, stop mocking me! You’re just lucky to have met Finn. If it were another man, you’d be worse off than me!”

“Yeah, it’s a good thing I didn’t meet a man like you. If I did, I’d rather be dead!”

“Monica!” Nox was furious.

He was already in a bad mood, and Monica was provoking him.

“Let’s not talk about it anymore. I’m just waiting to see you make a fool of yourself.” With that, Monica hung up the phone abruptly.

Finn looked at Monica and could not help but ask, “What were you and Nox arguing about?”

“Nothing much. I was just mocking him for reaping what he sowed.” Monica put down her phone. “Whose fault is it that he was such a sc*mbag to Shelly back then?”

Regarding matters of the heart, Finn usually would not comment much. After all, he, too, was not in a place where he could give others relationship advice.

At that moment, Monica could not help but call Sarah. Although she was mocking Nox, deep down, she still wanted Nox to have a better life. “Sarah.”

“Are you at work?”

“No, I’m on leave today. What’s up?

“Do you and Shelly still keep in touch?”

“Of course,” Sarah replied. “Are you looking for her?” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“No, I just wanted to ask about Shelly. Is she not staying with you anymore?

“No, she bought a home and moved out. Shelly is more self-reliant and doesn’t really want others’ help.”

Monica nodded. Shelly was indeed more independent, and that was what she admired about Shelly.

She said, “Do you know that Nox is pursuing Shelly now?”

“That piece of trash.” At the mention of Nox, Sarah became unusually indignant.

Monica frowned.

“You have no idea how horrible he is. When I saw Nox pursuing Shelly on the news today, I almost smashed my phone.”

“What did he do?” Monica asked curiously.

“You don’t even know how much pain and suffering Shelly has endured because of Nox! Let’s not talk about the fact Zoe went looking for trouble with Shelly when Nox was engaged to Zoe. However, after Nox publicly broke off the engagement upon learning that Zoe cheated on him and Zoe accused Nox of being a bad person with the video, Nox forced Shelly to clarify that she was the one who drugged him back then when, in fact, she was not. It was Zoe who drugged him, and Nox could’ve exposed Zoe, but he let Shelly take the blame instead!”

Monica frowned as she did not expect all of that to have happened. When she saw the news about Shelly drugging Nox, she was a little surprised but did not think too much about it. She assumed that Shelly might really want to marry Nox again, so she just took it as gossip.

Yet now, after thinking about it carefully, she realized that Shelly must be avoiding Nox like a tiger. Hence, why would she do such a thing to Nox? If she wanted to, she would have done it a long time ago.

“You also have no idea how much cyberbullying Shelly has suffered after she took the blame. Shelly is fine with people cursing her on the internet because she is mentally strong and can pretend that she never saw it. However, it’s been a nightmare since the cyberbullying attacks started manifesting in real life! Shelly has received broken limbs in the mail, been splashed with blood by someone at the entrance to her neighborhood, received knocks on her door in the middle of the night, gotten threats… There was a period of time when Shelly was depressed.”

Monica gripped her phone tightly. As she had never experienced cyberbullying before, she never knew that people would take it so far with cyberbullying.

“Shelly tolerated it as much as she could in hopes that by helping Nox, she could cut off all ties with him. In fact, you must know as well that in all the years Shelly has been with the Winters, she has never done anything to Nox, so why is Nox hurting her right now? I really wanted to kill Nox with a knife, but Shelly stopped me, not wanting me to do anything about her being bullied. She said she didn’t want me to be implicated.”

Sometimes, her heart ached for Shelly, who had to shoulder everything on her own, even if she could not take it anymore.

“But whatever.” Sarah took a deep breath. “I’ll take it that Nox didn’t find any evidence to prove that Zoe was the one who drugged him, so he used some tricks to protect his reputation. After all, he’s a businessman. He will always value his interests more, which I understand. I figured Shelly also understood that, and that was why she took the blame for Nox.. The only thing I f*cking look down on Nox for and think that Nox isn’t even a man is that Nox is deliberately ruining Shelly’s relationship! “