Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1671: Jeanne Helps Nox

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“By the way.” Finn changed the topic slightly. “You said you owe Shelly a favor.

When did you two meet?”

Speaking of that… Monica got a little angry again, but Finn had no idea what he had said wrong.

Monica gritted her teeth and said, “Weren’t you drugged back then? And you and Sarah got a hotel room together?”

Finn pursed his lips. That incident happened hundreds of years ago.

“If Shelly hadn’t informed me, Sarah would’ve been the one who slept with you!” The more Monica spoke, the angrier she got.

“No, I would never do it with her,” Finn immediately retorted.

He would never do it with Sarah even if he had to go crazy from the effects of the drug.

“Who knows? You were so desperate back, so how could you not have done it with her?” Monica did not believe him. “Didn’t you hate me to the core back then? Yet, you still did it with me.”

That was right. He did hate her to the core. However, because it was her, he still did it.

“Finn, do you know what was the first thing you did to me after we did it?” Monica asked. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

At the thought of what happened back then, she was furious. She had waited happily for his love and given her first time to him, only for him to abuse her that way.

Her heart still ached when she thought about it. It was probably the most heartbreaking thing that had happened in her life. Back then, Finn had truly broken her heart, and she might have subconsciously told herself that Finn no longer loved her.

“I’m sorry,” Finn apologized.

At that time, he truly did not want to be with Monica anymore because Monica had hurt him too deeply. Hence, when he found out that he had slept with Monica, he was crushed. He was afraid that he would lose control of himself and decide to be with Monica again, even though she had hurt him.

That was why he vented all his anger on Monica. At the end of the day, it was because he loved her too much but also had to stop himself from acting out of impulse that he said those cruel words.

“After I saw you leave in despair, I went after you,” Finn explained guiltily.

Monica frowned slightly. She was hurt so badly back then that she never thought Finn would come looking for her. In fact, she thought that Finn did not love her anymore.

Finn continued, “But when I went after you, I saw you hugging Michael.”

Monica bit her lips. She had chosen Michael because Finn had broken her heart and her feelings for him were dead.

“Monica.” Finn hesitated before saying, “After that, I regretted what I did to you. Although I wasn’t conscious that night, I subconsciously knew that I could do it with you. I’m a principled person, and I won’t do it with just anyone. If it’s not someone I want to do it with, I won’t do it no matter what.”

Monica bit her lip and looked at Finn, feeling a little emotional. If they had not brought it up, she would have forgotten everything that had happened in the past.

“I won’t fuss over it with you,” Monica said, as if she was telling herself to let go of it.

After all, it was all in the past. Moreover, Sarah was indeed there at that time, and Finn still chose to be with her in the end. She believed she could forgive Finn for that, but…

She said very seriously, “The experience you gave me that time was really bad.”

“Huh?” Finn was caught off guard.

“The experience of that night,” Monica explained clearly.

Finn could answer any other question, but that question made him choke.

“So, Finn, you must learn to pleasure me.” Monica said with a straight face, “Otherwise, I won’t forgive you.”

“Alright.” Finn agreed.

Just like that, the conflict between them was resolved. It was because they truly loved each other that they could not bear to let the past affect their relationship. Now, they wanted to cherish each other even more.

Suddenly, in the quiet car, Monica’s phone rang.

She glanced at the caller ID and answered the call. “Jeannie.” “Didn’t you say you have a prenatal checkup today? How are the two babies?”

“The doctor said everything is normal,” Monica quickly replied..