Chapter 1675: Jeanne Makes Her Move

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“He’ll be fine in a few days,” Edward said lightly.

Jeanne shook her head. At the thought of that essay, she did not think Nox would recover so quickly. It had become a thorn in his heart that he would never be able to get rid of for the rest of his life.

“Let’s just leave it at that.” Jeanne could not be bothered to explain herself. Besides, Edward might not believe her anyway.

“Say you love me,” Edward suddenly requested.

Jeanne’s heart skipped a beat. Edward was really…

Nevertheless, she gritted her teeth and said, “Hubby, I love you.”

Edward was stunned for a few seconds before he reacted. “What did you call me again?”

“Didn’t you hear it just now?” Jeanne blushed.

She was clearly very embarrassed, yet that man had the nerve to tell her to say it again.

“I want to hear it again.”

“No,” Jeanne refused. “I’m hanging up.”

Then, before Edward could say anything, she hung up abruptly. Even after hanging up, her face was a little flushed. She had been with Edward for so many years, yet the man could still make her heart race. Edward was a man who could easily make women lose control.

Jeanne took a deep breath to distract herself and thought for a moment before giving Monica a call. “Monica. ”

“Have you asked about the situation?” Monica asked somewhat excitedly.

“Yes, Nox does like Shelly a lot, but he’s a sc*mbag,” Jeanne explained.

“F*ck, I knew I couldn’t have any hope for that idiot, Nox. Does he even know what love is?” Monica cursed.

At that moment, Finn reminded her, “Calm down.” Jeanne laughed with the phone next to her ear.

She said, “Don’t get angry. I’ll handle Nox’s matter.”

“Handle? Just drag Nox out and beat him up. I’d like to see how smug he can be to bully Shelly.”

“As a pregnant woman, you shouldn’t care so much about it.” Jeanne did not reveal her plan. “Give me Sarah’s number. I have something to ask her.”

“Alright.” Monica did not suspect anything and quickly passed Sarah’s number to Jeanne.

Jeanne called Sarah as soon as she got the latter’s number.

“Hello.”

“Hi, Sarah, I’m… Candice,” Jeanne said after a pause.

In the eyes of the public, she was still Candice.

“Candice…” Sarah did not seem to know who it was at first, so she mumbled to herself before shouting, “You’re the Leader’s wife!”

The moment she came to her senses, she was shocked. To the commoners like her, they would still treat their leaders with respect.

“Yes, I found you through Monica.”

“Why are you looking for me?” Sarah was very excited. It was as if she would agree to anything Jeanne told her to do.

“I’d like to ask, do you have Benjamin’s phone number?”

There was an obvious pause on the other end. After a long while, Sarah asked, “Are you looking for him for Nox’s sake?”

With just a little bit of effort, she could figure out the relationship.

“Yes.” Jeanne did not hide anything. “There are some things I’d like to discuss with Benjamin alone.”

“Benjamin and Shelly are in love.” Sarah had her own principles to uphold.

“I don’t disapprove of their relationship, and I’m not saying I have to break them up. I just want to have a better idea of their relationship. No matter what the outcome is, I want to give Nox an explanation, ” Jeanne said bluntly.

The other party hesitated for a moment before giving Benjamin’s phone number to Jeanne.

Sarah also did not forget to add, “Nox is a jerk. If possible, I hope you can persuade or even force him to stop hurting Shelly.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Jeanne did not agree because she and Nox had the same goal. However, at that moment, she could not help but sigh. For the sake of helping Nox, she was no longer a good person!

Jeanne stared at Benjamin’s phone number for a long time until she finally decided to call him.

When the call went through, she heard a voice from the other end. “Hello.” “Hello.” Jeanne’s voice was calm. “I’m Candice Swan.”

The person on the other end was stunned.

“The wife of Edward, the Leader of Harken.” Jeanne introduced herself using her full name.

Benjamin was shocked. “Madam, to what do I owe the pleasure of your call?” He also sounded a little nervous.

“Don’t be nervous.” Jeanne comforted him. “I do have something to talk to you about. Is it convenient for you to meet me?”

“Why are you looking for me?” Benjamin did not seem to believe her.

After all, why would such a big shot meet him alone?