Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1676: Jeanne Makes Her Move

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Everything that had happened in the past few days was bizarre to him. Out of the blue, he had gotten a chance to study abroad, and now, he was having a personal audience with the Leader’s wife.

“I want to talk to you alone about Nox and Shelly. Don’t worry, I won’t threaten you. I just want to talk to you on behalf of Nox.”

There was obvious hesitation on the other end, but Jeanne did not give Benjamin a chance to refuse. “I’ve sent the address to your phone. I’ll go over and wait for you now. See you there.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The moment she was about to hang up the phone, Jeanne thought of something. “It’s best not to tell Shelly about this. Telling her won’t change anything. It will only add to her burden.”

After saying that, Jeanne hung up. She knew very well that if Benjamin was given a choice, he would not agree to meet her.

At that moment, Benjamin was standing on the balcony of Shelly’s house, and Shelly was with Bella inside.

He had picked up the call on the balcony because he saw an unknown number, thinking it must be about studying abroad again, and did not want to talk about it in front of Shelly. However, he did not expect the Leader’s wife to call him personally.

In fact, he knew very well why she was looking for him. Nox had such a good relationship with the Leader, so he was naturally here to help Nox.

He turned to look at Shelly and Bella, who were both smiling happily in the living room. It was a heartwarming scene, but he felt a little bitter because his abilities were limited. In the current social environment, he was not even equivalent to an ant, and it gave him an inferiority complex about his status.

Benjamin took a deep breath and walked into the living room. He said to Shelly, “I have something to do.”

Shelly was stunned that he was going to go out tonight when he would be leaving tomorrow.

Benjamin could also see the sadness in Shelly’s eyes, so he said, “There’s really something.”

“Will you be back tonight?” Shelly smiled faintly.

She would never make things difficult for Benjamin.

“I’ll try my best.” He did not say that he would be back, only that he would try his best.

Shelly nodded silently, even though she was a little upset, and seeing her upset also made Benjamin’s heart ache. However, he held himself back from saying the words he was about to say.

He said, “You don’t have to wait for me for dinner tonight. I’ll only be back after dinner. ”

After all, it was already dinner time.

“Alright.” Shelly nodded.

Benjamin looked at Shelly, wanting to say something, but he chose to remain silent. Then, he got up and left Shelly’s house, heading straight to the address on his phone.

When Benjamin arrived at the high-class restaurant, the restaurant had been cleared. After all, that was the only way for important figures to be in public spaces, and as a commoner, it made him feel inferior.

Led by the staff, Benjamin walked into a private room, and inside sat a distinguished woman, who he thought he would never be able to meet in his life. Now that he had seen her in person, he could not help but feel a little excited.

He greeted her politely, “Madam.”

Jeanne turned to look at Benjamin with a gentle smile. “Have a seat. Let’s have dinner together.”

Benjamin was nervous as he sat opposite Jeanne.

Jeanne appeared very easygoing. “I didn’t know what you would eat, so I just ordered some food. Please help yourself.”

“I’m not a picky eater.”

“Great.” Jeanne nodded. “In that case, please help yourself to more food.”

Seeing that she was friendly, Benjamin gradually felt more relaxed. As the two of them ate dinner together, Jeanne did not bring up the talk, and neither did Benjamin, not until dinner was over.

When the waiter served the dessert, Jeanne said casually, “Benjamin, I’m here to talk about Nox and Shelly.”

“Shelly and I are in love,” Benjamin told Jeanne seriously.

He had probably thought it through about how to answer her.

Jeanne nodded. “I know, and I approve of your relationship.”

“If that’s the case, as the Leader’s wife, you shouldn’t force me to break up with Shelly.” Benjamin mustered his courage and said.

It seemed he was prepared to defy her. No matter what, Harken was a country governed by law. Even if she had a high status, she could not suppress him for no reason!

“You’re mistaken. I’m not forcing you to break up. I just want to understand your relationship with Shelly. I don’t deny that I’m on Nox’s side. After all, Nox saved my life, and to repay his kindness, I can’t turn my back on him..”