Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1677: Jeanne Makes Her Move

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“I heard that you’re going abroad.” Jeanne ate the dessert as she said. She did not put on any airs, not wanting Benjamin to feel pressured.

“Yes, I’m going abroad, but that doesn’t mean I’m breaking up with Shelly.

We’ve agreed that I’ll go abroad to study, and she’ll wait for me in the country.”

Benjamin said firmly, “A year of separation will not affect our relationship.”

Jeanne chuckled. She was not mocking Benjamin but Nox, who was really stupid when it came to relationships. She had no idea what he was thinking when he decided to use such despicable methods.

“It’s true. A year isn’t long,” she said. “People who are truly in love can overcome the distance.”

“I believe that my relationship with Shelly will withstand the distance.”

“I believe so too.” Jeanne nodded. “Actually, my husband and I were separated for many years before we got together. I’ve never felt that the distance was too much of a trouble.”

Benjamin was surprised. According to the rumors about the relationship between the Leader and his wife, they had never been separated.

Jeanne saw Benjamin’s confusion but did not explain. Instead, she said bluntly, “I do approve of your relationship with Shelly, but I don’t approve of your family’s acceptance of Shelly.”

Benjamin suddenly became speechless. He was full of confidence just a moment ago, but now, he was getting a little emotional.

Seeing that, Jeanne said calmly, “Do you think your parents will accept Shelly?”

“I will try my best to make them accept her.”

“Actually, you know very well that’ll be difficult,” Jeanne said directly. “No family can accept their child marrying a woman with a child and a bad reputation, especially an ordinary family like yours. They definitely won’t accept a girl like Shelly.”

Benjamin gritted his teeth. “I will change my parents’ mindset, and they will accept her. Even if they don’t accept it, I’ll still be with Shelly.”

“So, are you saying that if your parents don’t accept her, you’ll cut ties with them?”

Benjamin’s body tensed up. It was obvious that Benjamin was a very filial person, and there was no way he would do that to his parents.

“Benjamin, you know your parents’ views. Shelly can’t get your family’s approval unless you cut ties with them, but can you really do that? You can’t, and Shelly won’t let you do that for her. You should know what kind of person Shelly is.”

“These are all uncertain. Without doing it, no one will know the outcome,” Benjamin retorted.

“Yes, we’re talking about what might happen in the future.” Jeanne said bluntly, “Is it because you know it might happen that you refuse to think about it? Why are you choosing to be so stubborn?”

“I’m not stubborn. I’m just pursuing my love life!” Benjamin was irritated by what Jeanne said. “People like you, who can get married for money and power, will never know what true love is!”

Jeanne pursed her lips. She could understand why Benjamin lost his temper, so she did not mind.

She said bluntly, “Benjamin, I’m telling you about a problem between you and Shelly. It has nothing to do with true love.”

“Because it’s true love, we can overcome it!” Benjamin was very sure. “No.” Jeanne denied it directly. “You can’t give Shelly happiness.”

Benjamin’s expression was ugly.

“Shelly has been through so much recently. She has been cyberbullied, forced by Nox, and even insulted by your parents. Did you help her?” She did not react to Benjamin’s expression and simply stated a fact. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Even if you don’t want to admit it, you have to admit that you can’t do anything for Shelly. It’s not just now. No matter how impressive you are when you come back from studying overseas or how big you are in the future, you are nothing before Nox. If he really wants to do something to you, he can make it so that you can’t live in Harken.”

Benjamin clenched his fists. He knew he could not compare to Nox no matter how hard he tried, and that was why he felt he was useless.

“But if Shelly is with Nox, Shelly can enjoy all the glory and wealth in this world, including the love that Nox’s family has for her. You should know that Shelly grew up in the Winters to be Nox’s wife, right?” Jeanne asked.

Benjamin did not answer.

“It’s better to just get it over with. I know you don’t want to, but the best outcome for you and Shelly is to break up.” Jeanne said very sincerely, “Two people are together because they want a better life, not to drag each other down. By breaking up with Shelly, you’ll be giving each other the happiness and freedom you both deserve.”

“I admit that what you said is true. When I’m with Shelly, I can’t give her anything other than feelings. I can’t deny that my parents are fixed on their perception of Shelly, but even if we break up, it doesn’t mean that Shelly will be with Nox. You don’t know how much Shelly hates Nox!”