Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1678: The Breakup

Jeanne watched indifferently as Benjamin lost control of his emotions. In fact, she could understand Benjamin’s point of view, and she did not think that she was doing the right thing. However, Benjamin and Shelly would both have a better life if they were separated.

Of course, love could not be measured by material things sometimes, and she was just looking for an excuse to deceive herself.

Jeanne took out Nox’s affectionate confession to Shelly and placed it in front of Benjamin, who looked at her in surprise. He did not understand what she meant.

“This is Nox’s love letter. You can take a look at it. The writing may be sh*t, but you can tell that he’s sincere,” Jeanne explained.

Benjamin held himself back and did not take it.

“Your biggest worry is whether Shelly will fall in love with Nox. In fact, it’s not difficult to love someone. I think you know very well why Shelly liked you back then. It was because you treated her well enough and allowed her to experience what it was like to be pampered and valued that she gradually developed feelings for you. Nox could do the same.” Jeanne looked at Benjamin, who looked sad but was still holding back his emotions.

She lowered her head and ate her dessert before saying slowly, “You can think it through. Do you want to break up and let it go, or do you want to fight for your relationship together? No one knows which of the two choices is better. I’m just a bystander, and I can only tell you what I think. In the end, I won’t force you to choose. However, I can guarantee that as long as you choose to be Shelly, I will try to persuade Nox to let go.”

Benjamin did not seem to believe that the person in front of him would suddenly say that.

Jeanne could also sense his doubts, but she did not explain herself further. She only reminded him in a very cautious tone, “But I hope you can consider everything before you make a decision.”

After that, Jeanne stood up and was about to leave. That was all she could do for Nox — take advantage of the innocent relationship between Benjamin and Shelly.

If Benjamin really wanted Shelly to live a better life, he would choose to let go; if he did not let go, she would not question him. It could only mean that

Benjamin was braver than she thought and was confident that he could give Shelly a better life. Those were all Benjamin’s choices.

Just as Jeanne had walked out of the door, Benjamin suddenly stopped her.

“Madam. ”

Jeanne turned to look at him.

“In your eyes, are poor people not worthy of love?” Benjamin questioned her.

Jeanne felt a sharp pain in her heart. She could feel Benjamin’s sadness. It was the sorrow of giving up.

As expected, Nox had made her do something cruel.

“No.” Jeanne said bluntly, “Two people are suited to be together when they are of equal social status.”

“Do you think I’m not good enough for Shelly?”

“The so-called equal social status is not about birth rights or family background. In terms of birth rights and family background, you and Shelly are naturally more compatible, but what I’m referring to is your social status in the future. You and Shelly have better options that you can look forward to in the future, but if you stay together, you’ll become a burden to each other. I won’t say how far you two will go together in a few decades, but I can see that in the next few years, you both will have a hard time. You will be doing each other a favor by letting each other go.”

Benjamin sneered. In the end, he was not capable enough. If he were, he would not be threatened by anyone. However, he could not guarantee right now that he would be able to give Shelly a better life in the future, so he did not dare to take the risk. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

When Jeanne left the private room, Benjamin sat alone in the private room and finally picked up the letter Nox wrote. He opened it and read the words inside.

“Shelly, I’m Nox. I’m writing this letter to tell you how much I like you. No, I

don’t like you; I love you.

“I don’t know if I’m suffering from some strange illness. There are so many women out there, but why do I insist on pursuing you? It’s obvious that I used to hate you. The sight of you annoyed me and reminded me of my friends mocking me, commenting that I had an ugly companion. You probably knew back then that I wanted to chase you away all the time!

“In fact, I did get what I wanted. When you were 18 years old, I had an accident and my legs were crippled. During that time, I lived with you for a year to shut my grandfather up. That year, I treated you really badly. Now that I think about it, I was worse than a beast. How could I turn my back on you after I slept with you? I even deliberately defamed you in front of my parents and said you had an affair with another man..”