Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1688: Nox Helps Shelly To Find Bella

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Then, she started crying, looking extremely miserable.

Shelly finally understood the saying, you make the bed that you lie in. Katie had only herself to blame for living such a miserable life. Hence, she just stared at Katie coldly.

Katie’s husband also turned a blind eye to it. To him, he probably did not think much of Katie.

Shelly’s eyes flickered, and she said, “Katie, tell me where Bella is. I promise I will give you money to treat your youngest son. How much does treatment for leukemia cost? Is 200 thousand enough? If I sell the house and add some of my savings, I can give you 200 thousand dollars! Just tell me where Bella is!”

Katie was surprised by Shelly’s words. She did not believe Shelly would give her the money. Moreover, it was 200 thousand dollars!

Now that they had found a match for her youngest son’s bone marrow, the doctor said that the surgery would cost more than 30 thousand dollars.

Coupled with the follow-up treatment, it would cost at most 50 to 60 thousand dollars. If she was given 200 thousand dollars, she would have extra money left to use. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“I mean what I say!” Shelly confirmed her offer when saw Katie remaining silent.

Katie looked at Shelly and was extremely moved, but she cried even harder.

She said, “What I told you just now is the truth. I really don’t know where Bella went. This morning, I brought Bella to the designated place. Then, that person gave me 300,000 yuan in cash and left. The cash is still in my backpack. I’m not lying to you!”

If she had a choice, of course, she hoped to get the 200 thousand dollars from Shelly!

“Katie!” Shelly lost her temper.

“Shelly, between 200 thousand and 30 thousand, I will definitely choose the 200 thousand dollars. I swear, I’m not lying to you. I’m really not…” As she spoke, she started wailing again.

Shelly looked at Katie. In fact, she knew that Katie did not lie to her. There was no way that Katie would rather pick 30 thousand over 200 thousand dollars! Thus, Bella had indeed been sent to an unknown place.

At the thought of that, Shelly could feel herself falling backward as if she might faint in the next second.

However, she thought to herself, ‘No! I cannot accept Bella leaving my side just like that. It’s unacceptable!’

With that, she gritted her teeth and turned to leave. Since Bella had disappeared in South Hampton City, she should return to South Hampton City now to look for her.

She quickly walked to the self-service area of the train station, bought a power bank with cash, and left the train station. Then, she took a taxi to the airport and took a plane back to South Hampton City.

When she arrived at South Hampton City, the first thing she did was call the police. The way she saw it, no matter how hard Katie tried to plead for herself, it was useless. Since Katie had broken the law, she should be punished.

After she called the police, she went straight to the police station to explain what had happened. The police filed a case for her and told her to go back to wait for news. Once there was news, he would inform her in time. As such, Shelly could only leave the police station.

When she returned to the neighborhood, it was already nighttime. Shelly had even forgotten that she had not eaten all day, and she was mentally and physically exhausted.

Right now, her mind was still filled with Bella and her innocent and adorable smile. Tears streamed down her face, and she could barely see the road ahead.

The moment the elevator door opened, she walked out and walked towards the door of her house. However, there was a man standing at the door with a bouquet of flowers in her hand. It was Nox.

As with Jeanne’s plan, Nox came to see Shelly a month later. According to

Jeanne, he should give Shelly process her feelings. If he had appeared when Shelly and Brandon had just broken up, Shelly would have rejected him. Thus, he counted the days, and finally, he could not hold back his love anymore.

In fact, he had been waiting at the door for at least an hour, but he just could not muster the courage to knock. The thought of Shelly’s rejection made him inexplicably afraid.

‘Damn it,’ he thought. ‘Am I still a man?’

Just as he finally mustered up the courage to knock on the door. He suddenly saw Shelly, who seemed to be in a daze, but upon closer inspection, he could see her tear-stained and haggard-looking face.

Could it be… Had she been crying the entire month since Benjamin left? Was Benjamin that important to her? Did the breakup make her life that?