Chapter 1703: Nox Knows That Shelly Had a Miscarriage

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Mrs. Winter watched as Zoe cried miserably.

She held it in and said, “Alright, stop crying. If you have something to say, just say it! Don’t cry. It’s annoying.”

“Aunty.” Zoe wiped her tears, looking very pitiful.

“Sit down,” Mrs. Winter called out. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Zoe sat in front of Mrs. Winter, looking a little reserved. “Aunty, I’m really pregnant with Nox’s son. It’s been more than four months now, and I’ve been in hiding every day because Nox wants to abort it. However, I can’t bear to kill a life!”

“Nox knows?” Mrs. Winter raised her eyebrows.

“He knows. I told him as soon as I found out I was pregnant. I thought he was as compassionate as I was, but I didn’t expect him to tell me to abort it. It wasn’t easy for me to sneak out, and I haven’t dared to go back to look for my parents. I’ve been hiding in the city with not much money left. I’m barely surviving on the money I got from selling my jewelry and bags. It’s fine if I can’t survive, but I don’t want to mistreat the baby. He’s really innocent…”

Zoe started to wail again, which made Mrs. Winter a little impatient. However, when she remembered that Zoe was pregnant, she reluctantly endured it.

“Is it really Nox’s child?” Mrs. Winter asked.

“It’s true. We can go to the hospital for a checkup now,” Zoe said with determination.

Mrs. Winter thought about it for a moment and decided to confirm it. Hence, she brought Zoe to the hospital.

When it was their turn, the doctor said seriously, “Amniocentesis has a certain probability of affecting the baby. In other words, it might cause the pregnant woman to miscarry.”

When Mrs. Winter heard that, she was a little hesitant.

“Is there a high chance of miscarriage?” Zoe asked emotionally.

“It’s not high, but there are precedents of such cases, so we don’t approve of DNA testing during the fetal period. Of course, if you insist on doing it, we can also perform the test according to the normal procedures. However, before the test, you need to sign a contract on acknowledging the risks of doing it.”

“What contract?” Mrs. Winter asked.

“It’s for risk avoidance. To put it bluntly, if the pregnant woman unexpectedly miscarries after the amniocentesis, the hospital won’t be responsible for it!” Mrs. Winter fell silent, and Zoe could tell that Mrs. Winter was hesitant.

She quickly said, “It’s okay. I believe that won’t happen to us. The doctor just said that the chances aren’t high.”

“The chance is not high, but if it happens to an individual, the chances of miscarrying is definite. You should think about it carefully,” the doctor emphasized again.

It was because he knew that if anything happened, the hospital could not bear such a huge responsibility for such a VIP client, so he was also trying his best to persuade them not to do the test.

“Yes, if the fetus is in any danger, I will bear the responsibility.” Zoe was very determined.

Mrs. Winter, on the other hand, was not so determined, and her expression

was a little ugly. “You’ll bear the responsibility, huh? What if it’s my grandson?

How are you going to bear the responsibility then?”

“But…” Zoe looked troubled. “How will you know the child is Nox’s without the test? I don’t want to make things difficult for you. Even if something happens to the fetus in the end, I’ll admit it. I’ll also-”

“Enough!” Mrs. Winter raised her voice a little. “I believe you.”

She believed Zoe would not lie to her after all that she had done.

Zoe bit her lip. At that moment, she was so touched that she said excitedly,

“Thank you. Thank you!”

“Don’t thank me yet. We’ll know if it’s Nox’s child or not after the child is born.” Mrs. Winter’s expression was cold.

“Yes, yes, yes. We’ll know when the child is born,” Zoe quickly said, “Alright, let’s go.” Mrs. Winter exited the hospital with Zoe.

As Zoe sat quietly in Mrs. Winter’s car, Mrs. Winter asked, “Where are you staying now?

Zoe remained quiet. “Where do you live? I’ll send you back now.” “I’m staying at a hostel.”

“Where is it?” Mrs. Winter asked impatiently.

Zoe told her the address, and Mrs. Winter told the driver to drive to the location.

Looking at the hostel in front of her, which was dirty, old, and had a terrible environment, Mrs. Winter said with disdain, “Is this where you live?” “I’ve always lived here.” Zoe nodded.

“Forget it. I’ll get a room in a hotel for you.” Mrs. Winter could not stand it anymore.. “Do you have anything to pack?”