Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1705: Nox Knows That Shelly Had a Miscarriage

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“We couldn’t find her before, but now, we’ve found her in a luxury apartment.” The other party quickly said, “She is still pregnant with the child.”

“What?” Nox stood up from his office chair. “What have you been doing? Didn’t I tell you to get her to have an abortion? How is she still pregnant?”

“We were searching for her for a long time, but we couldn’t find her. It was as if she had suddenly disappeared from the face of the earth. Moreover, there was a time when we were distracted from helping you pursue Ms. Carter, so we didn’t have the energy to look for her,” the other party explained.

“Alright, alright. I don’t want to hear all those excuses. Take Zoe for the abortion now and let me know when it’s done. I don’t want to waste my time on her!” Nox ordered impatiently.

“Young Master Winter, I’ve seen your mother frequenting Zoe’s residence.” The other party reported, “After some investigation, we found out that your mother bought the luxury apartment that Zoe is living in, and she is now taking care of everything. It seems like your mother knows about Zoe’s pregnancy.” “Damn it!” Nox cursed.

He did not want it to alarm his family because he knew it would be very troublesome once they found out. He also knew how much his mother wanted a grandchild right now, so she definitely would not allow Zoe to abort the child.

“Mr. Winter, we’re afraid of causing conflict with the old lady, so we want to ask for your opinion, ” the other party asked carefully.

Nox thought about it before saying, “Come and pick me up. I’ll go see Zoe myself.”

“Okay, I’ll come and pick you up immediately.” The other party heaved a sigh of relief.

Then, Nox immediately left the office.

If that matter was not resolved, it would be a ticking time bomb. To him, Zoe was completely out of his life, and he did not even want to look at her, much less let her threaten him!

Nox quickly rushed to Zoe’s luxury apartment and knocked on her door roughly.

“Boom! Boom! Boom!”

It took a long time before it was opened.

As soon as Zoe opened it and saw Nox, she panicked. “Nox, I…”

“Don’t say a word. I’m disgusted. Come with me to the hospital now, or don’t blame me for being rude to you.” Nox grabbed Zoe’s hand and prepared to leave.

“No, I won’t go even if I die. Nox, I beg you, don’t treat me like this. Please.” Zoe wailed and resisted.

At that moment, Zoe’s parents ran out of their house and stopped Nox from leaving with Zoe.

“Nox, no matter what, the child is innocent. Aren’t you taking it too far? Now that Zoe isn’t bothering you, what else do you want from her?” Zoe’s father berated him.

Nox sneered. “The child is innocent? It’s precisely because the child is innocent that it shouldn’t suffer! I’m afraid the child will be despised for having such a sl*tty mother!”

“Enough! Even if my daughter has done something wrong, who are you to say that about her? Do you think you’re a good person? Haven’t you fooled around with a lot of women? What right do you have to judge my daughter? At least my daughter has compassion for all life. You’re worse than a beast!” Zoe’s father roared.

Nox glanced at him and did not take him seriously at all.

He said to the two men beside him, “Stop them.”

“Yes.” The two men quickly went forward to grab Zoe’s parents, wanting to drag them away.

Zoe’s parents resisted while cursing at Nox, and Zoe, who was frightened, kept resisting as well. However, she could not break free from Nox’s hold and was dragged directly to the elevator.

When the elevator doors opened, Mrs. Winter stepped out from inside and was infuriated to see the scene before her. “Nox, let go of them! What are you doing?”

Nox held back a little when he saw his mother, but he did not let go. He said bluntly, “Taking Zoe to get an abortion!”

“Are you crazy?” Mrs. Winter was so angry that she wanted to push Nox’s hand away.

However, Nox grabbed Zoe’s arm even harder. Tears streamed down Zoe’s face.” It hurts. It hurts…”

“Let go!” Mrs. Winter shouted.

She was so angry that her voice cracked. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“It’s none of your business,” Nox’s said firmly..