Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1706: Nox Knows That Shelly Had a Miscarriage

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

He tightened his grip on Zoe.

“Nox, if leave with Zoe, I’ll kill myself right here and now!” Mrs. Winter threatened.

Nox immediately stopped what he was doing. Mrs. Winter was so angry that she slammed herself into the wall beside her.

“Mom!” Nox was shocked.

He quickly let go of Zoe and ran over to support Mrs. Winter, who pretended to be dizzy and leaned into Nox’s arms unsteadily.

‘Mom, are you crazy?” Nox yelled.

It took a long time for Mrs. Winter to regain her senses. Then, she looked at Nox and said weakly. “Nox, if you take Zoe for an abortion, I mean what I say. I will die in front of you, and it is not a threat!”

“What are you thinking? How can you guarantee that the child in Zoe’s stomach is mine?” Nox was a little angry.

“If it’s not yours, why are you aborting it?” Mrs. Winter asked.

Nox was rendered speechless by his mother.

“I don’t care. I don’t care what personal grudges you have with Zoe, but I want the grandson in Zoe’s belly!”

“Can you quit being so foolish? Have you ever thought about what Zoe did to meg Ana you still want ner to give Dirtn to a cnilac DO you want tne cnlla to De disliked?”

“The child is innocent and shouldn’t be involved in your conflict. Do you think murderers are not qualified to have children? Would their children die with them when they were born?”

“Mom!” Nox could not stand how unreasonable Mrs. Winter was.

“Anyway, I want the child in Zoe’s belly! No matter what, I won’t let you abort it.”

“It’s not like I don’t have a child. Why do you have to insist on having the one in Zoe’s belly?” Nox was furious. “If you want grandchildren, I can get Shelly to give birth to them. Zoe isn’t the only one who can give birth to your grandchildren!”

“Shelly told me that she won’t marry you and have your children for the time being! ”

“It’s only temporary!”

“Nox, don’t blame me for being direct, but Shelly doesn’t like you at all! After all that you’ve done to Shelly, or even if it were any other woman, she wouldn’t have a good impression of you! I know Shelly’s personality too well. She’s a stubborn person. Once she’s set her mind on something, she won’t change it. I don’t know why Shelly agreed to get back together with you, but I don’t think she’ll have your child so easily, and I don’t want to give myself false hope!” Mrs. Winter said indignantly. “However, the child in Zoe’s belly will be my grandson soon, and I’ll never allow you to abort it.”

“Can you let me settle my own matters and let me deal with my child? You always interfere in my matters, and it pisses me off. I didn’t like Shelly back then, but you insisted that I be with Shelly. And now that I don’t want Zoe’s child, you insist on me keeping it. Can’t you just let me handle it myself?”

“Didn’t you make a mess of it that one time I told you to deal with it yourself? Take Shelly as an example. If you would’ve listened to us and gotten together with Shelly back then, you wouldn’t be in your current situation. You regret it now, don’t you? That’s why you have to listen to me this time. Otherwise, you might fall into Shelly’s hands in the future and never have a child of your own for the rest of your life!” Mrs. Winter was very sure.

“I can go with your decision regarding anything else, but I won’t compromise on the child in Zoe’s belly!” Nox was very determined.

“I can go with your decision regarding anything else, but I have to have this child!” Mrs. Winter was also very determined.

The mother and son were at loggerheads, neither giving in.

“Mom, do you think Shelly and I can still be together after Zoe gives birth to the child?” Nox said sadly.

Were they not supposed to date, get married, and then have children? Why was it so complicated? Why did the whole process of getting married and having children look so smooth for Edward and Finn but so difficult for him?

“What’s there to be unhappy about? Doesn’t Shelly also have a child? It’s fair now.”

“How is that the same? Shelly’s child isn’t hers.”

“You can pretend that this child isn’t yours. I’ll take care of it.”

“How can you be so unreasonable!”

“I’m not being unreasonable. I’m just telling you, Nox, that I have to have Zoe’s child! Don’t argue with me. I won’t compromise even if it means I have to die,” Mrs. Winter said fiercely.

That statement infuriated Nox.

“Nox, I’m not trying to make things difficult for you. If you had listened to me back then, your child would’ve been the same age as Bella, and I wouldn’t be forcing it on you right now.” Mrs. Winter’s voice softened when she saw that Nox was upset.

Nox did not understand what his mother meant, so he ignored her.

However, Mrs. Winter explained, “Shelly had a miscarriage during the car accident.”

Nox froze and looked straight at Mrs. Winter.

“I didn’t tell you because I knew you were determined not to be with Shelly. Only Shelly and I know about this. So, Nox, if you want Shelly to fall in love with you, marry you, and have children with you, it won’t be easy. I’m just thinking about your future. You’re not young anymore, and it’s not a good idea for you to wait. If you get Zoe to keep the child, you can do whatever you want with Shelly. I will support you!”

Nox did not hear what his mother said after that. The only thing on his mind was Shelly’s miscarriage. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

He cursed at himself, wondering what he had done to Shelly back then.. He was worse than a beast!