Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1707: Zoe’s Visit

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Nox fell silent for a long time, and Mrs. Winter could not bare to see her son like that

Having calm downed a lot, she said earnestly, “Nox, don’t make things difficult for Shelly anymore. Actually, letting Zoe give birth to the child is good for both of you. Think about it, why would Shelly rather raise Bella than bear your child? Isn’t it because she doesn’t want to give birth to your child?”

Nox’s eyes were a little red, and he was not convinced by his mother. Instead, he thought of everything he had done in the past.

Why did he not visit Shelly after she got into a car accident? If they met and found out that they had a child together… he did not know if his heart would’ve softened.

“Alright, don’t be too sad. It’s all in the past. In the future, you and Shelly will have a good life. Just make sure to spoil her more and make it up to her. In the meantime, let Zoe give birth to this child, and I will raise it for you. I won’t stop you, young people, from being together, and I promise I won’t rush you and Shelly to have a child anymore. Then, you can live your own life.” Mrs. Winter consoled.

Nox adjusted his emotions and said to his mother, “If Shelly doesn’t give birth to a child for me, I won’t have a child for the rest of my life.”

“Nox!” Mrs. Winter, who had finally calmed down, flew off the handle again.

“Consider me unfilial,” Nox said coldly.

“If you abort the child in Zoe’s belly, I will die in front of you,” Mrs. Winter threatened again.

Nox pretended not to hear her and said, “I’ll give you two days to think about it. Two days later, I will take Zoe for an abortion. Mom, don’t even think about taking Zoe away. I can find her anywhere she goes!”

With that, he left.

Mrs. Winter stared at Nox’s back with an ugly expression. She could not understand why Nox was so stubborn. It was the same back when he was not with Shelly and now that he was with Shelly! Why was he so unreasonable?

While Mrs. Winter was so angry that her body was trembling, Zoe was very calm as she had expected that outcome. Therefore, she had never thought that she would give birth to the child. Moreover, if the child was not Nox’s, she would die a more miserable death after she gave birth to it.

However, on the surface, she pretended to be afraid about Nox wanting to abort the child. She sobbed and said, “Aunty, what should we do? Nox is a man of his word. Would I not be able to keep the baby?”

“Calm down.” Mrs. Winter, who was also furious at that moment, roared at Zoe.

Then, she thought about it before saying to Zoe, “Alright, you stay at home. I’ll think of a way! ”

She figured that although there was nothing she could do to change Nox’s mind, there was Old Master Winter, who was very strict with Nox. As long as Grandpa Winter allowed Zoe to give birth to the child, she would definitely be able to do so.

With that thought in mind, Mrs. Winter left in a hurry, and Zoe’s expression changed as soon as she saw Mrs. Winter leave.

Zoe’s parents quickly pulled Zoe and asked, “Zoe, what should we do now?” “Everything is going as planned,” Zoe said coldly. “I’ll talk to Nox later.” “Will he be threatened by you?

“Of course.” Zoe said with certainty, “Nox may look carefree and heartless, but he’s actually very loyal. He’d rather keep things peaceful than let his family suffer. However…”

“What?” Zoe’s father was feeling restless.

“Were Nox and his mother talking about Shelly? Are Nox and Shelly together?” Zoe was surprised.

She never thought that Nox would end up with Shelly. Knowing how much Shelly hated Nox and how much Nox hated Shelly… Somehow, she felt angry! She did not expect Shelly to take advantage of her in the end!

Nox returned home before it was time for him to get off work. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

When he opened the door and walked into the room, Shelly, who was playing with Bella in the living room, was beaming with joy. However, when she saw him, her expression froze, and the smile in her eyes seemed to disappear.

A moment later, she smiled at him politely and said, “You’re back so early today. Don’t you have to go to work?”

“Do you really want me to go to work?” Nox asked.

“No, it’s just a little strange that you’re home so early,” Shelly said indifferently.

Nox just looked at her..