Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1708: Zoe’s Visit

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Shelly pretended not to see him looking at her and continued to play with Bella. The two of them were sitting on the floor, having a good time.

After being ignored for a while, Nox walked over and sat on the mat. Shelly looked up and glanced at Nox without much emotion, but Bella, on the other hand, was much friendlier to him.

She held the Barbie doll in her hand and asked happily, “Uncle, is my doll cute?” “It’s cute.” Nox smiled at Bella.

“I picked the clothes for the Barbie doll.” Bella was trying to show off her skills.

“You have good taste, Bella.” Nox stroked her head, his voice filled with affection.

“Uncle, do you like any of these clothes? I’ll change Barbie into them.” Having been praised, Bella’s entire face lit up with joy, and she quickly took out all of Barbie’s clothes for Nox to pick.

After Nox carefully picked out an outfit, Bella said, “Uncle, I’ll change her outfit in a bit.”

“Alright.”

“Uncle, close your eyes,” Bella said to him in her tender voice.

‘Why?”

“Because Barbie is a girl. Boys can’t watch girls change.” Bella had a serious look on her face.

“Alright.” Nox nodded.

Witn ner, ne turnea ms DaCK to ner, ana Bema Degan to cnange Barme?s c10tnes with her small hands. At the same time, Shelly looked at Nox’s back before slowly getting up to leave.

Nox could sense Shelly leaving. However, he could also sense Shelly’s distance from him. It was probably because she was disappointed and did not like him that she was avoiding him.

“All done!” Bella said to Nox.

The moment Nox turned around, the gloominess on his face instantly disappeared and a smile appeared on his face.

Shelly glanced over for a moment before she looked away again. In fact, she found that Nox had changed a lot. He used to hate children with a passion, but now, he could play with Bella.

After that, she walked into the kitchen and started preparing dinner. Although it was still early, she started to mess around in the kitchen because she did not want to be with Nox,

While she was focused on preparing the dinner for tonight, Nox suddenly walked in. Shelly pursed her lips, and Nox noticed the stiffness on her lips.

He said, “Do you want me to help you?

“No need. You can play with Bella,” Shelly refused.

“Bella wants to watch some TV for a while.”

“Then, you should rest and play some games,” Shelly suggested. “Do you not like me getting close to you?” Nox suddenly asked.

Shelly bit her lip and shook her head slowly. “No.”

“Shelly, it’s easy for me to believe you. And if you say no, I will believe it.” Nox looked at her seriously. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Shelly paused and raised her head to meet Nox’s gaze.

She said, “By helping me, you’re actually giving me more things to do, so why don’t you just stand at the side obediently? It’ll make my life easier.” Upon hearing that, Nox frowned.

“Every time you help me with washing and chopping the vegetables, you’ll dirty the stove. You even cut your finger the last time you chopped the vegetables. And because your knife skills weren’t great, I had to cut it again,” Shelly said bluntly.

Feeling a little embarrassed, Nox said, “I can learn.”

“No need. I can take care of things at home. Anyway, I have nothing to do all day, so just do your job well.”

Nox did not know what to say. He thought Shelly had always spoken to him calmly to keep the peace between them. However, he also felt that she was deliberately pushing him away.

“If you have to help, peel the garlic for me. I’m making garlic prawns tonight,” Shelly suddenly said.

“Okay,” Nox replied.

Shelly gave Nox some garlic and taught him how to peel them. Nox took it very seriously and was careful not to make a mess in the kitchen this time.

Shelly looked at Nox, who was squatting beside the trash can on the ground. Seeing that he looked a little tired, she was slightly touched. After all, she had dreamt that Nox would help her with such a thing one day.

She took a small stool that Bella often sat on from the living room and handed it to Nox. “You can sit down. Squatting can be tiring.”

Nox was startled by Shelly’s voice. He was afraid Shelly would dislike him if he did not do it well, so he was very focused on the task, and Shelly’s sudden voice almost scared him to death..