Chapter 1711: The Miscarriage

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

After Nox discussed the negotiations with Zoe, he turned around and left. He wanted nothing to do with that woman for even a second. When he returned home, Shelly had already returned to her room and was lying on the bed reading a book.

Seeing saw Nox’s return, Shelly said calmly, “You’re back.”

At the fact that she would never ask where he went, Nox pursed his lips and nodded. Then, he walked straight into the bathroom to take a shower.

The moment the bathroom door closed, Shelly looked up. She had gone to the balcony to get some fresh air, so she saw Nox and Zoe discussing something under a street lamp. However, she did not care, so she came in from the balcony and lay on the bed.

Based on her understanding of Nox, he would not be soft-hearted toward Zoe, and she believed she knew better than anyone else how cruel Nox was. Just like that, Shelly continued to read her book.

After taking a shower, Nox went to the balcony to smoke and make a phone call. “I just sent you an account. Transfer 500 thousand dollars to it.”

“Yes.”

“Arrange a good abortion doctor. I’ll take Zoe for an abortion tomorrow.”

“Yes. ”

“Come and pick me up tomorrow morning.”

“Yes.”

With that, Nox hung up the phone. The most important thing now was for him to get rid of Zoe. Keeping her alive would ultimately be a disaster.

By the time he put out the remaining cigarette butt and returned to his room, Shelly was already asleep. However, she had left a dim light on Nox’s side. Nox lay on the bed, turned off the lights, and approached Shelly.

Shelly knew that Nox had a strong need in certain aspects. If he had been able to hold it in back then, he would not have slept with her, and it was the same now. They would do it almost every night, and she was used to dealing with him. As long as he took the initiative, she would accept it passively.

Having said that, Nox seemed a little different tonight. For once, he was actually keeping his hands to himself as he hugged her.

Shelly did not know why he was suddenly behaving himself! Was it because of Zoe? Was he still reluctant to part with Zoe?

That was true. Other than Zoe, no other woman had been by Nox’s side for such a long time. If Zoe had not done such a terrible thing, Nox would have married Zoe, and they would have a happy family together.

Suddenly, she felt a little disappointed. How did Zoe get caught at the last moment? If only Zoe had not been caught, Nox would still be in love with Zoe, and she could live her own life.

While Shelly was deep in her thoughts, she suddenly heard Nox say in her ear, “Shelly, why don’t we have a child together?”

Shelly’s body tensed up, and she turned to look at Nox.

Nox explained, “My mom is rushing me.”

“Oh,” Shelly replied.

She neither agreed nor rejected the idea. She seemed used to silently resisting everything Nox said.

“Go to sleep.” Nox turned around, his back facing Shelly.

As Shelly felt Nox turning away from her, for some reason, a mix of emotions welled up in her. She did not know if Nox had changed a lot during this time or if she had changed her mind, but Nox’s disappointment made her feel inexplicably guilty. However, it was really difficult for her to compromise.

In fact, she had never even thought about giving birth to Nox’s child. She had an instinctive feeling that Nox was acting on a whim. The thought that he could suddenly become that playboy again one day scared her.

In the quiet night, Nox tossed and turned, finding it hard to fall asleep. On one hand, it was because Shelly rejected him; on the other, he was thinking about taking Zoe to get an abortion tomorrow. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Early the next morning, Shelly woke up to see that Nox was gone. It was a little strange as Nox had never left so early since they moved in together. Nevertheless, Shelly stretched and decided to lie down for a while. She felt more comfortable without Nox by her side.

Nox left the house, sat in the car, and dialed Zoe’s number.

“Nox-”

“Come downstairs in ten minutes. I’ll wait for you at the door.” After saying that, he hung up the phone.

Zoe looked at the words “call ended”, and her expression turned ugly. She was unhappy at how cold Nox was to her!

“Zoe, are you going to go with Nox?” Zoe’s father asked, still a little worried..

“Will Nox trick you?”