Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1716: The Conflict Between Shelly and Nox Broke Out

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“Shelly, please agree to have the baby with Nox as soon as possible,” Mrs. Winter said sincerely.

“Aunty, I have to be frank with you. I cannot have a baby with Nox. I’m with him now because he helped me before and I’m repaying him. When he loses interest in me, we will break up, ” Shelly said frankly, deciding to come clean with Mrs. Winter.

“What?” Mrs. Winter was surprised. “You mean you’re just fooling around with Nox?”

“Yes, I am,” Shelly confirmed.

“Shelly, you’re not that kind of person. When did you become like this?” Mrs. Winter was at a loss for words.

“You can also tell Nox to break up with me,” Shelly said. “I’ve never thought about spending the rest of my life with him.”

“Y-Y- YOU…” Mrs. winter was speecnless ror a long time.

“I’m sorry, Aunty,” Shelly apologized because she knew she had hurt Mrs. Winter’s feelings. “I’m hanging up now.”

After that, Shelly ended the call.

She really could not have any hope for Nox anymore. With how cold-heartedness he was to her before and to Zoe now, she found it hard to believe that Nox was a good person.

Mrs. Winter was also very upset after the call. She knew there was no way Shelly could fall for Nox like that, but hearing Shelly’s confession was still tough to stomach.

Then, she gritted her teeth and called Nox again, but Nox had turned off his phone. Mrs. Winter was so angry that she threw her phone away, and her expression turned cold. Since Shelly had never thought about being with Nox, she would help her achieve it.

At 6 p.m. in the afternoon, Nox came home from work, and Shelly was preparing dinner in the kitchen. Nox had planned to help but felt he could not do anything right, so he decided to play with Bella instead.

Shelly put the dinner on the table and called Nox and Bella over to eat. Nox sat down at the table with Bella in his arms. Just as Bella was about to start eating, Shelly suddenly picked her up and took her to the sink to wash her hands.

Nox watched them leave. In fact, Shelly could have told him to take Bella to wash her hands, but she would never let him help with anything.

Sometimes, Nox wondered. Why was Shelly with him? To repay him because he helped her find Bella? Was it just to repay him?

As Nox lowered his head and ate dinner, Shelly came back holding Bella, and they had dinner together.

“Shelly,” Nox suddenly called her name.

“Hm?” Shelly looked at him.

“How do you feel about me now?” Nox asked.

Shelly was stunned, to say the least, as she did not expect Nox to ask that question out of the blue. She said, “How do you want me to answer?” Nox sneered in reply.

Shelly continued, “Your mother called me today.”

When Nox heard that, he frowned.

“She told me to have a child with you as soon as possible. She even told me about Zoe.”

“You don’t have to worry about her.” “Is Zoe’s child yours?” Shelly asked.

Nox did not answer.

“Did you tell Zoe to tell your mother that the child wasn’t yours?” Shelly continued to speculate.

“Yes,” Nox agreed. “I used some money to make a deal with Zoe.” “I heard Zoe lost her uterus because of an abortion.” “What are you trying to say?” Nox’s expression was grim. Shelly pursed her lips. “Nothing. Let’s eat.”

“Do you think I’m heartless and cruel?” Nox asked her.

“Shelly, when can you speak honestly? Can you be more real with me? Can you say whatever you want to say? What do you want from me?” Nox raised his voice.

At that moment, he threw his chopsticks on the ground. All emotions erupted.

Frightened by Nox’s appearance, Bella quickly ran into Shelly’s arms, her body trembling with fear. Shelly tightly hugged Bella in her arms.

“Bella, it’s okay. Don’t be afraid.” Shelly comforted her. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Bella cried out. “Jncle is scary-

“Be good. I will take you back to the room first, okay?” “Okay.” Bella nodded quickly.

Shelly had no choice but to carry Bella back to the room.

Nox clenched his fists tightly as he watched them leave, and he was so angry that he kicked the chair next to him. The chair suddenly fell over, making a loud noise, which caused Bella’s body to tremble with fear..