Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1724: Monica Goes Into Labor

In fact, they had met before. However, they had never been introduced formally, so they needed that method to make things less awkward for each other.

“Yes, this is Shelly,” Nox quickly said. “And this is my daughter, Bella.” Shelly almost choked when Nox introduced Bella as his daughter. Jeanne chuckled and said to Shelly, “Hello, I’m Candice.”

“I know. You’re the Leader’s wife.” Shelly said, a little too respectfully.

At that moment, she even glanced at Edward beside her. It was as if he wanted to greet him but did not dare to.

To the rest, who often saw Edward, they were already very casual with him.

However, to an ordinary person like Shelly, who had not interacted much with Edward, Edward’s presence was still intimidating.

“You don’t have to care too much about his identity.” Jeanne said bluntly, “At the end of the day, he and Nox are best friends, so you can just treat him as your best friend too.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Alright.” Shelly quickly nodded.

She found the woman before her easygoing. Not only did she not put on any airs, but she was also very sincere and polite.

“You’ve been with Nox for so long, but this is the first time we’ve seen you.

Every time I tell Nox to bring you over for a meal or go out for a meal, he would say that you had to stay home to take care of Bella. Next time, you should bring Bella along. I have children too — two of them — and I occasionally bring them out with me.” Jeanne started the conversation.

“Oh, okay.” Shelly nodded.

In fact, Nox had never invited her out before. Occasionally, when Nox was not home for dinner, he would call her and tell her who he was having dinner with. Many times, he would be calling her with the person in front of him, but he had never invited her, probably because he thought she would not attend.

In the delivery room, Monica’s heart-wrenching scream suddenly rang out, and it disrupted the originally peaceful atmosphere outside.

Gary was getting a little impatient. “Does she need a C-section? Didn’t they say that most who have twins chose to have a C-section? Otherwise, the risk factor will be high!”

Ruby was also nervous. “Should we ask Finn about it? I know it’s good for Monica to have a natural birth, but if she can’t do it…

Before Ruby could finish her sentence, her entire face turned pale.

“Aunty, relax.” Jeanne quickly went up to comfort Ruby. “When Monica was sent to the hospital, she had dilated five centimeters. Moreover, both fetuses are healthy, so natural birth will be easy for her. On the other hand, a C-section will affect both Monica and the baby. So, don’t worry. Finn knows what he has to do. Nothing will go wrong.”

“But every time I hear Monica scream, I get nervous.”

“Everybody screams when they’re in labor. I’d be nervous if Monica didn’t.”

Having been convinced by Jeanne, Ruby nodded and muttered to herself again, as if she was comforting himself.

In the corridor, Monica’s shouts could be heard from time to time, and in the delivery room, Monica was in so much pain. She had Finn by her side while someone else delivered the baby, so Finn was sitting beside her and helping her with the delivery.

“Finn, shut up!” Monica shouted.

The doctors in the delivery room were shocked by Monica’s sudden outburst. “You’re a man. What right do you have to teach me how to give birth? You’ve never given birth before. Do you know how it feels? Ahh…” Monica screamed.

She was in so much pain that her entire body was about to cramp up. She once thought that the childbirth scenes on television were all exaggerated, but only after experiencing it herself did she know that it was worse than death. She almost fainted from the pain.

“Even if I’ve never seen a pig run or walk before, I’ll naturally know how to make one do it after seeing it many times.”

“Who are you calling a pig? Huh?” Monica shouted.

“I’m just making an analogy.”

“You’re calling me a pig! If I’m not a pig, how could I give birth to two babies at once?”

Finn was speechless.

“Finn, I want a C-section! Aaaah!” Monica screamed.

It was so painful that she began to suspect that everything in her life was a lie! She did not want to give birth anymore. She would rather lie in bed and be dissected than give birth to her children.

“Mrs. Jones, your cervix has dilated six centimeters. If you persist, you’ll be able to push the babies out. Moreover, your fetal position is great. As long as you push a little harder, you’ll be done before you know it.” The midwife was also encouraging her..