Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1726: Monica Goes Into Labor

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Finn moved closer to Monica’s ear and whispered so softly that only the two of them could hear him. “I meant in bed.”

Monica was originally in so much pain, but when she heard Finn’s explicit words, her face instantly turned red. She could not believe he was thinking about sleeping with her when she was in labor!

‘This sc*mbag. B*stard!’

“Mrs. Jones, try to push down. Don’t scream too much. Just breathe and channel your breath downward. Let’s give it a try, okay?” The midwife coaxed, “I think you’ll be able to give birth to the baby soon.”

“Ugh…” Monica gritted her teeth and went with it because she knew that Finn would not perform a C-section on her.

Moreover, she had thought it through clearly. A wise man would not fight when the odds were against him, so she would take it up to Finn after everything was done. If she were to argue with him now, she would be the one suffering instead!

With that thought in mind, she took a deep breath and followed the midwife’s instructions, trying to push down.

“Mm…” After Monica used up all her strength, she felt a sharp pain, and it hurt like hell.

“Yes, that’s right. Keep going, Mrs. Jones!” The midwife kept encouraging her.

Monica pushed hard several times.

“Ahhh! It hurts!” Monica’s eyes were filled with tears.

She was in so much pain that she felt like she was about to die. She really could not do it anymore.

Finn also seemed to have noticed Monica’s discomfort, and unlike before, she was in so much pain that her face was pale. He knew that if she were a little braver, she would be able to give birth naturally. However, seeing her in pain at that moment…

Monica had always been afraid of pain, even just a little, and childbirth was excruciatingly painful. Although he could not feel the pain, he also seemed to be in pain. More specifically, his heart ached. He said to the midwife, “We’ll switch to a C-section.”

Monica thought she had misheard as she did not expect Finn to give in so suddenly. Just moments ago, he was determined for her not to have a C-section.

Finn confirmed again, “Contact the best anesthetist in our hospital and switch to a C-section. Hurry up. I’m afraid that the babies in her stomach will suffocate!”

“But she’s doing so well! She’s about to be seven centimeters dilated.”

“Let’s do a C-section.” Finn was determined.

The midwife was helpless, but she, too, knew that Dr. Jones did not want Mrs. Jones to suffer anymore.

Hence, she turned to Monica and said, “Mrs. Jones, I should inform you that you already have a horizontal cut on your lower body. If you go for a C-section now, it means you’ll have another cut on your stomach. That’ll make it two cuts.”

“What?” Monica shouted, “If I have two cuts, does it mean it’ll leave two scars?”

“The C-section will definitely leave a scar, but I’ll sew up your lower body for you after the C-section, so it should be fine…” “No, I’ll be ugly!” Monica could not accept it.

“All C-sections work that way,” the midwife said.

“I’ll give birth naturally!” Monica suddenly became determined.

She would rather die than have a scar on her stomach. During her pregnancy, she paid great attention to taking care of her belly. Although carrying twins made her belly huge, she barely had any stretch marks in the end. That was why she refused to have a C-section, which would leave a scar on her belly.

“But Dr. Jones said to have a C-section…”

“I’m the pregnant one here, so he doesn’t get to make the decision! If not for him, would I be in so much pain? Don’t you listen to him!” Monica cried out in despair.

“Then, Mrs. Jones, push down harder. I’ll try my best to help you give birth naturally.”

Monica nodded. Then, she followed the midwife’s and the nurses’ instructions. She took a deep breath and pushed down.

“Ah!” Monica could not help but scream in pain.

Finn held Monica’s hand the entire time. Even though Monica could not stand the pain anymore, she refused to do a C-section and go under the knife. Hence, she gritted her teeth and continued to push.

Seeing how brave and in pain Monica was, Finn placed his hand beside Monica’s mouth. Monica, who was in so much pain that she had lost all rationality, bit the back of Finn’s hand, and Finn did not even make a sound. After all, he could not feel any pain at all.

Monica bit so hard that blood oozed out. However, she did not notice it as she was focused on pushing the baby out.

“Mrs. Jones, I can see the baby’s head now. Push! The baby will be out soon,” the midwife said excitedly.

Monica did not dare to rest. She was afraid that once she stopped, she would not be able to muster up the courage to push anymore. Hence, she pushed again, with every ounce of strength left in her, and grabbed Finn’s arm tightly. It felt like she had used up her entire life’s worth of energy. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The midwife said excitedly, “It’s out! It’s a boy!”

In the next second, Monica heard a baby cry in the delivery room and finally breathed a sigh of relief.

However, the midwife reminded her, “Mrs. Jones, there’s one more. Let’s continue. ”

At that moment, Monica really wanted to kill herself.

She was on the verge of breaking down. “Finn, you b*stard! I’m going to kill you!”

Not only did he make her pregnant, but he even put two babies in her!