Chapter 1729: Twins

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“You must be lying to me.” “I don’t lie, especially not to you.”

“Is that true?”

“It’s true.”

While the two of them were talking in low voices, the midwife asked, “Dr. Jones, do you want to cut the umbilical cord for the baby yourself?” “No need.” Finn rejected the offer without hesitation.

“If the brother didn’t have it, the sister doesn’t have to have it as well?”

“No need.” Finn smiled. “I’m afraid that the lady will be jealous.”

Monica blushed. How could she be so petty? She just did not want to see Finn… Fine, she was petty. When she heard Finn say that he would not cut it, she was in such a good mood that she did not want Finn to leave her side for even a second.

Upon hearing Finn’s words, the doctors and nurses in the delivery room lowered their heads and smiled at how much Dr. Jones doted on his wife.

“How are you? How do you feel now?” Finn shifted all his attention to Monica and asked her in a low voice.

“Never better. It feels as if I’ve pooped out a thousand years worth of sh*t and my stomach has been emptied.” Monica described exactly how she felt.

The doctors and nurses in the delivery room were all amused by Monica’s joy. It was rare to see such a fun pregnant woman.

“Finn, quick! Help me take a look. Has my stomach gone down?” Monica asked excitedly.

Finn could not help but laugh out loud. He said, “You don’t have to look. It’s still the same.”

“How is that possible? I’ve pushed two babies out.”

Finn was speechless. Did Monica think her children were really like sh*t?

“The uterus has a certain recovery period, and it won’t contract so quickly. If it contracts too quickly, you won’t be able to take it.”

Monica was displeased because she thought she could regain her sexy figure after giving birth. She was sick and tired of the days of having a pregnant belly.

“Dr. Jones, do you want to hold your daughter?” The nurse carried the baby girl over. “She’s heavier than her brother.” “No need.” Finn said, “You can take her out for the people outside to hold her.” “Alright.” The nurse did not ask further.

After all, in Dr. Jones’s eyes, his wife was the most important. What were sons and daughters for anyway?

When the nurse opened the delivery room door and carried the second baby out, everyone immediately surrounded her.

“Is it over?” Ruby asked excitedly.

“It’s over. It’s a girl.”

“Really?” Ruby could not contain her excitement. “Is it really a girl?”

“Yes, it’s a pair of fraternal twins!” the nurse quickly said. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“That’s great. Finn kept saying that he couldn’t tell the gender of the second baby, so we were all prepared for it to be a boy. However, this is a pleasant surprise. Come, let me hold you.” Ruby’s face was full of smiles.

“Aren’t you carrying one in your arms? I’ll carry this one,” Gary quickly said.

“This is for you.” Ruby happily handed the baby to Gary.

Gary’s face turned red. “Didn’t you say that I’m clumsy?”

“That’s why I don’t want you to hurt the sister. Girls should be handled gently.”

Ruby said righteously.

“You’re such a hypocrite!”

“Do you want him or not?” Ruby threatened.

Gary had no choice but to hold the brother, whom they were fighting over just now. However, now that the sister was out, the brother was not as popular anymore, and it was really unfair.

Ruby hugged the sister and simply could not bear to part with her. She said,

“Look, look, the sister is so pretty.”

Nox loved to join in the fun. Hence, he quickly leaned over to take a look, only to curse to himself, ‘F*ck!’

He thought she looked exactly like her brother! How was she pretty? She was wrinkled and red, like a little old man. However, Finn and Monica were not ugly either, so he could not understand why their children were so ugly.

“She’s so cute.” Jeanne quickly chimed in and gently caressed the sister’s face, which was smooth and tender.

Nox looked at Jeanne and secretly called her a hypocrite.

Jeanne, who noticed Nox looking at her with disdain, said bluntly, “You’ll know when you have children in the future.”

“My son will look handsome as a newborn.” After all, he was handsome and suave!

Jeanne looked at him as if he was an idiot and could not be bothered to waste her breath on him. However, Nox was not hurt because of Jeanne’s gaze..