Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1755: A Celebration Party For Finn and Monica’s Babies

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

“Are you full?” Shelly asked seriously.

Nox nodded. In fact, his stomach was about to burst from overeating.

Shelly stood up and cleared the empty plates. Seeing that Nox had finished everything, including the vegetables, Shelly felt an indescribable sense of accomplishment that her cooking was so well-liked.

Nox watched as Shelly cleaned the plates seriously and saw a faint smile on her lips. He wondered how long could happy days like that last. One year? He was actually reluctant to part with her, but time sometimes flew by at an astonishing speed.

In a flash, another three months passed. From that day onward, Shelly and Nox had become much more honest with each other. Shelly was no longer perfunctory with Nox as well. On the contrary, she had put a lot more effort into her relationship with Nox, which suddenly made her realize that the man had many good qualities.

For example, if he got off work late, he would come back quietly. It was a sharp contrast to Nox’s previous attitude of not considering the feelings of others.

Another example was that he was extremely patient with Bella. She used to think that Nox hated children, but he was surprisingly gentle to Bella. When he had the time, as long as Bella requested it, he would tell Bella a bedtime story. Bella also kept calling him “Daddy” and never changed her way of addressing him.

Other than that, Nox would not stay out all night anymore. No matter how late it was, he would come back. Nevertheless, he still got off work on time most of the time to try his best to have dinner with Shelly and Bella at home. After dinner, he would take the initiative to help her clean up.

At first, Shelly was always worried that Nox would not do it right. After all, every time he offered to help, something would happen. However, after some time, Nox started to get used to it.

Nox’s changes were obvious, and there were many more, so many that Shelly could not count them. She truly believed that her impression of Nox had changed a lot, but it did not mean that she had fallen in love with Nox. She just no longer disliked him.

Today was the day of Monica and Finn’s twin babies’ celebration party. The days passed quickly. It felt that the babies were just born yesterday, and in the blink of an eye, a few months had passed.

Nox brought Shelly and Bella along to the celebration party. In fact, Nox did not expect Shelly to agree because he had invited Shelly to many business banquets and she always refused. However, when he mentioned going to the celebration party today, she agreed immediately. Shelly seemed to have a special relationship with Monica, and he did not know when they had established their friendship.

Since they arrived a little early, Nox kept calling Edward, urging him to go early. It made Edward speechless at how childish Nox could be sometimes despite his age.

Would he not go earlier if he could? He, too, wished he had lesser work to do. It was not that he could cope but that he did not want to do it anymore. His greatest wish right now was to spend more time with Jeanne.

The truth was he had been busy with work every day that he could not get away. After getting back together for so long, they had not even gone on a trip together and just thinking about it was frustrating.

Nox, Shelly, and Bella walked into the venue of the celebration party. Just as they walked in, Bella could not help but cry out in surprise, “Wow!”

The hall was decorated like a fairy tale, and Bella simply could not remain calm. Looking at the colorful hall, she excitedly ran to the various corners of the venue to take a closer look. She loved everything in front of her.

Shelly naturally saw Bella’s reaction. Bella was now four years old. As they had never been well-off, Bella would only have a small cake and a small gift every time they celebrated her birthday. It was anything but extravagant. Hence, seeing Bella so excited right now, Shelly felt a little guilty and followed Bella closely.

Nox bumped into some of his business friends, so he went to socialize with them. He heard Finn and Monica only wanted to have a few good friends and relatives at the party, but Monica’s parents disagreed. Since it was a party, they insisted that it be lively. With the Cardellinis’ status in the business industry, at least half of the businessmen in Harken were here..