Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 242: A Big Accident Happens

It was a lively birthday party scene.

Monica hid in the lounge and took off her high heels directly.

She would not go out even if she was beaten to death.

Her legs were about to break.

She did not know what kind of d*mn heels she had. They were extremely expensive.

e

Her heels were all broken.

‘What the hell,’ Monica cursed internally.

She lay on the single-seater sofa and raised her feet a little too high.

Then, she lay there leisurely, waiting for the banquet to end.

She did not know how long she had been laying there.

Anyway, no one came to call her.

Her parents probably forgot about her.

To them, Finn was more important anyway. As long as Finn was by their side, it would be fine.

Monica was a little unhappy.

Whenever she thought of that b*stard, her heart felt like it was going to explode.

Jeanne always asked her if she really liked Micheal.

Monica did not lie to Jeanne; she liked him.

Back then, she felt very happy when she dated Micheal.

She could still be very happy without Finn!

It was just that…

It was just that so many years had passed.

Finn seemed to have become a thorn in her throat that would hurt.

Monica was in a bad mood.

Sometimes, she would waste time on an insignificant problem.

She suddenly remembered that day when she and Finn almost had sex with each other at home. That night, she went out on a date with Micheal.

When Micheal sent her back, he gave her a kiss. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

In fact, Monica deliberately kept a distance from Micheal. Usually, she would refuse to meet him, let alone eat together. She just did not want to do too many immoral things while still being married to Finn, even though it was only in a marriage of convenience. In the end, she did not need to keep her virginity. Moreover, Finn had probably cheated on her countless times in their marriage.

However, on second thought, Monica did not have much time left in her marriage. No matter what happened to Finn, at least she was not guilty of anything wrong.

Sometimes, Monica was moved by herself and felt that she was too righteous.

That said, when she went home that night, she did not reject Micheal’s kiss.

Monica did not reject him, but she did not look forward to it.

The kiss did not give her a strong feeling as it did when Finn kissed her. She did not want it as much as she did Finn’s kiss... Even during the entire date with Micheal, her mind was still filled with Finn’s fiery kiss on her lips. Even though it was only for a second, it was imprinted on her.

Monica silently admitted that she was using Micheal’s kiss to make her forget about the feelings Finn had given her.

Despite that, it was useless.

Instead, it made her realize something…

Could it be...

That it was difficult to start over a relationship that was missed?!

Monica really liked Micheal back then.

When they broke up, she was also heartbroken and wept.

Could it be that things changed after a few years?!

Many years had also passed between her and Finn. How could there be… a spark between them?

No.

It was just a spark.

It could not be ignited.

Moreover, no matter what, Monica had been living under the same roof as Finn for three years. Once she got back together with Micheal, she might be able to regain the feeling she had before.

As for Finn...

That was enough for her.

Monica wanted to be clear.

In fact, she had been trying to understand everything in her relationship with Finn.

Monica was afraid that if she was not clear about anything, she would have died 10,000 times already.

She would have died from anger.

Monica closed her eyes and rested her mind.

She did not know how long her marriage with Finn would last.

Micheal said that he would make his parents accept her in three months. She had not asked him about that progress. She didn’t want to make things difficult for Micheal. If he could not change his parents’ minds, she would not force him.

The so-called three months was actually the deadline for her marriage to Finn.

Three months later, no matter what happened between Monica and Micheal, things would end between her and Finn.

Her father’s threats were useless.

To be able to waste her youth on Finn for so many years, she felt that her commitment to this relationship was enough.

Monica thought to herself silently…

The door to the lounge suddenly opened.

Monica turned her head and saw Finn walking in. She simply closed her eyes and pretended to be dead.

She did not want to go out to socialize. She did not want to go.

Monica was certain that Finn was here to ask her to go outside, so she looked very reluctant.

Finn could tell what Monica was thinking by looking at her.

He did not say anything and walked to Monica’s side.