Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 257: Staying Alive

At this moment, the entire ruined house was filled with the sound of unusually fierce fighting.

Jeanne used her last bit of strength and started fighting wildly with the eight men in front of her.

She admitted that her martial prowess was definitely not the best among Kingsley’s followers, but she had an astonishing explosive strength!

At this moment, she could even contend against the eight first-class bodyguards of Harken who had gone through professional training. Moreover, they were in a stalemate for a long time. After a long time, she even managed to defeat two of them.

Melody watched coldly from the side.

She watched as Jeanne was covered in blood but did not have any intention of giving up. Jeanne did not give herself any way out and continued to launch attacks. She kept fighting crazily with Melody’s bodyguards.

Melody’s eyes narrowed.

Jeanne knocked down another one.

A man who was at least half a head taller and twice as strong as Jeanne fell to the ground just like that.

Melody’s expression was dark and cold.

She did not make a sound.

She calmly watched Jeanne fight.

There were still five bodyguards left. They seemed to be shocked by Jeanne’s sudden ability at this moment. They did not have any advantage at all. Even under Jeanne’s continuous attacks, they seemed to be somewhat passive.

This continued for a long time.

Out of the five bodyguards in front of her, there were only two left!

The two of them were panting heavily.

Melody’s expression was ugly!

She moved her fingers.

The two bodyguards beside her understood what she meant. They threw away the black suits on their bodies and made their moves.

Next, they ferociously attacked Jeanne from behind.

By the time Jeanne felt the threat behind her, she was already kicked over by Melody’s personal bodyguards.

She was kicked far away.

Jeanne fell to the ground, making a loud sound.

She did not have time to relieve all the pain in her body and the dizziness in her head. She rolled and quickly avoided one of the men who was close enough to kick her. If she was kicked, her ribs might break. She wanted to get up, but she could not.

Jeanne rolled a few times.

She then bounced up from the ground.

The explosive power made her more courageous as she fought.

The more she fought, the stronger she became.

Jeanne attacked Melody’s two bodyguards in a frenzy.

At this moment, Jeanne suddenly saw a black muzzle in front of her. It was aimed straight at her.

She was stunned.

The two bodyguards also saw it.

Therefore, the fight ended temporarily.

The bodyguards took two steps back and obediently retreated behind Melody.

Melody held the gun in her hand and pointed it at Jeanne.

She said, “You’re much more powerful than I thought, but no matter how fast your hands and feet are, can they be faster than this gun of mine?!”

Jeanne looked at Melody coldly.

“Jeanne, stop resisting,” Melody said, “You’ll definitely die tonight.”

Jeanne’s eyes were bloodshot.

Finally, her last bit of strength seemed to have been used up.

She had originally unleashed all the limits of her body to fight for a chance to survive.

Kingsley told her to think about how to live at any time.

With the determination and confidence to live, Jeanne was told to resist no matter what she faced. Before she died, she could not give up.

However, at this moment, she wanted to give up a little.

She could not resist anymore.

Jeanne used all her strength, but the muzzle of the gun was aimed at her. Melody was right that she could not be faster than this gun no matter what.

She had bought as much time as she could.

In the end, there was still no one to save her.

Jeanne just stood there.

She did not move.

Although she only had undergarments on her body, she was not exposed at all because the blood stains on her body had almost covered her skin completely. Nothing could be seen as if one could only see the outline of her body.

Melody said coldly, “If you don’t want to suffer more, don’t resist anymore.”

Jeanne looked at Melody just like that.

She looked at her smug face.

It was the smile of a victor.

It was as though Jeanne was sure to be killed by Melody no matter what she attempted tonight.

Jeanne admitted it.

At this moment, she had indeed lost.

She was in a sorry state, and Melody was very proud.

So...

She was not as powerful as she thought.

Nor was she as important as she thought.

Hence, she compromised.

Jeanne stopped resisting.

Melody seemed to have noticed the change in Jeanne’s mood at this moment. She laughed even more wildly and said, “Strip her of her clothes for me!”

Next, other than the two bodyguards by Melody’s side, the remaining two bodyguards who had not been beaten down by Jeanne went over and pressed Jeanne fiercely under their bodies.

Kingsley had told Jeanne that in order to live, one must not give up any hope of surviving.

At least at this moment, even if Jeanne were to be abused, she was still alive.

She was still alive for the time being.

There might be a glimmer of hope if she lived.

On the other hand, if she resisted...

If she resisted again, that black pistol would take her life!

...

In the backyard of the Swans’ Universe Garden.

Finn finally knocked down the two big men in front of him!

The big men fell to the ground, not moving at all.

Finn’s tightly clenched fists seemed to be dripping blood at that moment, trembling non-stop.

Monica and Micheal were standing a little further away.

Eden was also standing there, looking at the man who was covered in blood.

He did not expect Finn to be victorious in the end.

It was obviously a little strenuous for Finn in the beginning, but he had beaten the two super bodyguards to the ground.

Eden did not know how powerful the bodyguards were, but he had heard that the people around his grandfather were the best professional bodyguards in the world. Their martial prowess was definitely not something that ordinary people could compare to. However, at this moment, they were beaten down by the man who clearly did not look that strong or that powerful.

No.

To be precise, it was just that they never thought that Finn was strong. Tonight, they were truly shocked by his sudden abilities. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Even though Finn’s body was bleeding non-stop.

Time seemed to have stopped for a second.

Monica suddenly broke free from Micheal’s embrace.

She did not know how Finn’s health was at the moment, but he was still standing there.

He just looked like he was bleeding a little too much.

As for Jeannie, Monica did not even know if she was still alive.

She could not care about anything at the moment.

Monica rushed to the door crazily and banged on it crazily. She shouted loudly with her torn voice, “Fourth Master Swan, Fourth Master Swan, open the door! Hurry up and open the door!”

Her palms were swollen from the slamming.

Her throat was also torn from the shouting.

Despite that, it was as if nobody could hear her from the inside. There was no response at all.

“Get out of the way!” Finn suddenly appeared beside her.

His body was covered with blood, and his voice was cold.

Monica could almost smell the bloody smell coming from his body at this moment.

She did not even know how many injuries he had hidden under his clothes!

Monica just looked at Finn and his cold-blooded face.

She watched as he suddenly punched the lock core.

One punch after another…

Finn was violent and ferocious.

The entire backyard seemed to be filled with only knocking sounds. Each sound was extremely ferocious.

Monica just watched as Finn’s hand became bloody.