Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 266: Fourth Master Swan Treats Jeanne

‘Is Finn taking the opportunity to take revenge on me or something?!

‘F*ck!

‘It’s killing me!’ Nox thought to himself.

…

In the next room, Fourth Master Swan completely removed the white shirt on Jeanne’s body.

On the shirt, other than his blood stains, there were also Jeanne’s blood stains.

Jeanne’s eyes moved.

Underneath the shirt, there were still her undergarments.

Before Melody’s men could remove them, Jeanne was already resisting crazily.

In the end, even with only her undergarments on, Jeanne’s body was not entirely exposed.

Nonetheless, Fourth Master Swan removed them for her at this time.

Just like that.

After Finn left, Monica walked to Jeanne’s side.

She had a feeling that she could help with something small?!

She had a feeling that other than feeling useless by Finn’s side, she could still help in other areas.

Now, seeing how Fourth Master Swan shamelessly threw away all of Jeanne’s clothes…

Monica knew very well that Fourth Master Swan was helping Jeanne clean her wounds, but it was still... so awkward.

She was a little embarrassed.

At that moment, she heard Fourth Master Swan order her, “Help me get another basin of clean water.”

“Oh.” Monica quickly carried the basin of water that was filled with blood and left.

It was big and reeked of blood.

Was It all Jeannie’s blood?!

Monica suppressed the emotions in her heart and quickly brought clean water over.

She placed it next to Fourth Master Swan. Fourth Master Swan twisted the small medical towel and wiped off the stains on Jeanne’s body bit by bit. After he wiped off her bloody body, her bruised wounds became even more obvious.

Monica was a little shocked.

She watched in shock as Fourth Master Swan cleaned Jeanne up, used disinfectant, and applied medicine to her wounds.

Compared to the pain when she was stitched up, Jeanne felt much more relaxed at this moment. Hence, she only needed to endure the pain a little.

Her back was all taken care of.

Fourth Master Swan hugged Jeanne’s body and helped her turn over.

“Fourth Master, do you want me to do the front—” Monica volunteered.

“You’d better leave,” Edward said.

‘What?!

‘Who should be the one leaving?!’

Of course, Edward was not petty enough to argue with Monica.

He helped Jeanne turn over her body before Monica left.

The front of Jeanne’s body was…

Monica’s eyes moved slightly.

In fact, there were so many wounds on Jeanne’s body, so who would pay attention to those crucial parts?

Edward was just treating the wounds.

Monica’s face was still red.

‘Phew.’

Anyway, Jeanne would be with Fourth Master Swan sooner or later. It was nothing for him to take advantage of her like this...

“Fourth Master.” Monica could not hold it in any longer.

Edward did not stop what he was doing.

“Fourth Master, why don’t I take over? Jeannie and I grew up together. We can’t be separated from each other. After all, it might not be appropriate between you and Jeannie...”

Before she could finish her words, Monica saw Fourth Master Swan touching Jeanne’s body already.

Monica’s heart was racing.

She felt that it was better for her to leave at the moment.

Monica kept feeling that Fourth Master Swan was taking advantage of Jeannie. She was afraid that she would not be able to control herself and fight with him.

She took a deep breath and walked out of Fourth Master Swan’s room. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Monica walked out and bumped into Finn.

Their eyes met.

It seemed to be the first time they looked at each other since they arrived here