Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 267: Finn’s Apology

In Bamboo Garden.

Finn looked at Monica.

At this moment, Monica also saw Finn.

The two of them looked at each other.

They looked at each other.

Monica suddenly averted her gaze. She said, “Fourth Master is treating Jeannie’s wound. Don’t go in.”

She said it very vaguely.

Even so, Finn understood what she meant.

“I need a needle. Nox needs a tetanus shot. The disposable medical needles here are all used up. Please help me get them from Fourth Master’s medical box.”

“Okay.” Monica nodded.

She turned around and walked into the room.

After she walked in, she deliberately did not look at the two people. Then, she rummaged through the medical box. The things inside were complete. She even felt that there were all kinds of surgical knives for surgeries. No wonder the people here were not sent to the hospital even though they were all seriously injured.

She found a needle and handed it to Finn.

Finn reached out to take it.

Monica saw his hand. That hand was badly mutilated and swollen to an exaggerated extent.

‘His hands are so badly injured. Can he still treat Nox and give him an injection?!’

Monica did not say anything. She watched as Finn turned around and walked over to Nox’s side.

She did not have any emotions either.

Monica was used to it. She was used to Finn’s indifference.

She took a deep breath and looked back at Jeannie in the room.

Although Jeanne’s face was pale, she did not seem to be in any life-threatening danger. In the end, Monica heaved a sigh of relief.

It wasn’t early anymore.

It seemed like there was no use for her to stay here.

Monica thought for a while. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

It was better to go back.

After she had rested, she would come back tomorrow to accompany Jeanne.

With that thought in mind…

Monica went straight downstairs.

She did not need to inform anyone since no one would notice her anyway.

Anyway, it did not matter to them whether she came or not.

She gritted her teeth.

Her knees hurt.

When she went down the stairs, it really hurt.

She had not paid attention to herself that night, so she had almost forgotten that her knees had been injured. At this moment, all her attention had suddenly returned, so she grimaced in pain.

It took Monica a long time to go down the stairs.

It hurt like hell.

Finally, she reached the hall.

Suddenly, she heard footsteps behind her.

She turned around.

When she turned around, she saw Finn.

Monica gave him a glance and turned around, intending to leave again. Finn might have gone downstairs to get something anyway, so there was no need for her to greet him.

“I’ll send you back.”

Monica was stunned.

She thought she heard wrong.

“I’ll send you back,” Finn said as he walked to her side.

“Fourth Master, Nox, and Jeannie are all injured. Is it okay if you don’t stay?”

“I’ve treated Nox’s wounds. Jeanne has Fourth Master. As for Fourth Master’s wounds, I’ll come back after I’ve sent you back,” Finn explained.

“That’s not necessary. You can do your thing. I’ll go back by myself,” Monica said generously.

She was not bored enough to bother Finn at this time.

Come to think about it, Finn had been treating other people’s wounds.

In fact, he should have quite a number of wounds as well.

His injuries should not be light either.

However, he would always consider others first as he was a doctor.

Of course, Monica was an exception.

Finn might not even know that she had some injuries on her body.

Despite that, they were all minor injuries. They were nothing compared to the others.

Monica waved her hand and said, “I’m leaving. You can go back to your work.”

She just walked away.

She was limping.

It was still a little difficult for her to walk.

Monica did not pretend to be like this on purpose. After she knew that her knees were in pain, she instinctively focused on it. The result was that she looked weird when she walked.

She carefully took a few steps forward.

All of a sudden, she was carried by someone.

Monica was truly frightened.

She almost cried out.

The next second, she felt Finn carry her up and walk outside.

Monica wanted to say something, but she gritted her teeth and did not say anything.

Finn placed her in the passenger seat of the car parked in Bamboo Garden.

Then, he returned to the driver’s seat.

In the end, he still sent her back.

Monica wanted to speak a few times, but she fell silent again.

She did not like to be coy.

Since Finn insisted on sending her back, she would accept it.

Besides, it was so late. Where was she going to get a taxi?!

Finn might have thought the same.

The car soon arrived at the underground garage of their community.

Monica consciously opened the car door and prepared to go back on her own.