Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 272: A Saving Grace Should Be Repaid With Your Body

“I want to pamper you,” Fourth Master Swan said and thought, ‘With all my life.’

Jeanne looked at Fourth Master Swan in a daze.

Before having an in-depth connection with Fourth Master Swan, she felt that he was cold, ascetic, and not good at talking, which was what he was said to be.

However…

Fourth Master Swan was so flirtatious. Was it a man’s nature?!

Jeanne was really touched at that moment.

She was slightly touched.

She even felt that it was not sweet talk.

It was a promise.

Jeanne just stood there in a daze, staring blankly as Fourth Master Swan squeezed some toothpaste for her and handed her the electric toothbrush that he had prepared for her.

She pursed her lips.

Jeanne took it and put it into her mouth.

She quietly rinsed her mouth after that.

The emotions in her heart were hidden just like that.

Fourth Master Swan carried her down the sink and let her rinse her mouth.

He also picked up another toothbrush and brushed his teeth as well.

This looked like the daily life of a couple that had lived together for many years.

Also, if one were to look carefully at the things in the bathroom, one would realize that everything was a pair and belonged to two people…

Jeanne’s eyes moved slightly.

She could pretend that she did not know anything.

After Jeanne finished rinsing her mouth, Fourth Master Swan helped her wring a towel for her to wash her face.

Once everything was done, Fourth Master Swan carried her and walked out of the room.

He went straight downstairs.

There was no one there.

Jeanne was a little surprised.

Where was Teddy?!

Jeanne even vaguely remembered that Nox seemed to be injured and was recuperating here.

Why was there no one here at this moment? It was empty.

Edward seemed to have read Jeanne’s mind. After he placed her on the sofa, he went straight to the open kitchen at the side. He said, “Teddy sent Nox back. He won’t be back for the time being.”

Despite that, the truth was not the case.

At this moment, Teddy was wandering on the streets as if he was abandoned by the entire world.

His master said that he was not allowed to return to Bamboo Garden without his orders.

Teddy did not even know what he had done wrong last night. He had been chased out by the fourth master before dawn!

He did not do anything last night!

Nox was also innocent.

He had been chased out early in the morning with a body full of injuries as if nobody cared about his life.

His heart was burning with rage!

A certain someone who cast him aside when he was no longer needed made his hair stand on end!

Just like that.

Only Edward and Jeanne were left in Bamboo Garden.

Fourth Master Swan personally made lunch for Jeanne.

No, to be precise, it was not even lunch.

It was already 4:00 pm. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Jeanne was indeed hungry.

She just watched Fourth Master Swan fiddle around in the kitchen.

She could not help but look for her phone.

It was something that modern people did when they were bored.

At that moment, Jeanne remembered that she had left her phone in the car.

The car had probably been completely scrapped. She had let down Monica’s good intentions.

“I’ve gotten someone to deliver your phone,” Fourth Master Swan, who was busy in the kitchen, suddenly said.

Jeanne was stunned.

She had not expected this. She was planning to turn on the TV to pass the time.

“It’s at the cabinet by the door.”

Jeanne stood up and walked over to get her phone.

Surprisingly, it was still fine.

She took the phone and walked to the open kitchen. She sat on the bar chair in front of the fringed counter.

At this moment, Edward was very serious in preparing steaks.

“When did you send someone to get it?” Jeanne asked as she turned on her phone.

“This morning when you were still sleeping,” Fourth Master Swan replied faintly.

After chasing Teddy and Nox away, he also sent someone to get Jeanne’s phone back from the police station.

When the police left last night, they took everything in the car back to the police station. Considering that Jeanne might need it after she woke up, Edward had someone send it over and placed it on the cabinet at the door. He did not let anyone else enter this building.

Jeanne nodded slightly and did not think too much about it.

Her eyes tensed up all of a sudden.

At that moment, she raised her head to look at Fourth Master Swan, who was cooking seriously. She then lowered her head to continue reading the text message.

Kingsley sent a text message at 10:00 am: [Just as I left, something big happened to you again.]

Jeanne pursed her lips and replied, [I’m not dead.]

As soon as she replied, another message came. It seemed that someone had been waiting for her.

[But Melody is going to die.]

[That’s her business.]

[Jeanne, you’ve gone a little overboard.]

[Do you think it’d be better if I died instead?] The anger on Jeanne’s face was obvious.

Edward looked up and saw Jeanne typing on her phone. She did not look well.

He continued to cook the steaks.