Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 277: Edward’s Honesty

Jeanne washed up and walked into the cloakroom.

Her clothes filled the cloakroom.

Every time she saw those clothes, she would have indescribable emotions.

There was... no emotion.

Jeanne indifferently chose a set of comfortable home clothes.

She put on a loose white t-shirt and a pair of ultra-short soft gray shorts. The t-shirt was a little long, and the shorts were faintly discernible. Her straight legs were exposed, and there were many bruises. Nonetheless, the wounds on her legs had healed surprisingly quickly.

It was not just her legs. Even the spot that had the most serious injury on her back seemed to no longer be painful. It was so much so that it did not feel like it was hurt at all.

Jeanne was even suspecting if the medicine that Dr. Jones gave her was some special medicine. Otherwise, how could all the wounds heal to this extent in just two days?

As she thought about it, she went downstairs.

Fourth Master Swan was very serious downstairs. When he saw Jeanne appear and saw her straight legs, his eyes moved for a bit, but he then went back to cooking.

At that moment, he seemed to be smiling.

As he smiled, he thought that Jeanne was really not afraid... if his bestiality would suddenly be triggered.

Jeanne did not know what Fourth Master Swan was thinking.

She walked to the kitchen and stood beside Fourth Master Swan. She watched him cooking while watching a cooking tutorial.

As soon as Jeanne walked over, Edward, who was clearly focusing, suddenly pulled her into his embrace and hugged her tightly.

Jeanne’s heart was beating again.

She felt that her entire body was stuck to Fourth Master Swan’s body.

Jeanne was 166 cm tall. Without wearing high heels, she was petite compared to Fourth Master Swan, who was 189 cm tall.

“The sausages will be overcooked if they’re cooked for too long,” Jeanne reminded.

“So you don’t like them soft?” Edward’s lips curled up.

Jeanne frowned.

She felt that his words always had a deeper meaning.

Nevertheless, at that moment, in order to break free from Fourth Master Swan’s hug, she responded to him seriously, “I like them harder.”

“I’ll try my best to satisfy you,” Edward replied.

‘He must be crazy.’

Even so, Jeanne pretended not to understand the hidden meaning behind Edward’s words.

Edward also did not hug Jeanne for too long.

After all, if the sausages were cooked for too long, they would become inedible.

Edward let go of Jeanne then plated everything on the plates at the side.

The food looked pretty good.

Edward carried two plates and walked to the dining room.

Jeanne followed and sat down.

“Go on,” Edward said.

Jeanne picked up her fork and took a bite of her food.

Edward looked at her from the side.

Jeanne’s expression…

Edward frowned. “It’s not good.”

Jeanne swallowed it. “Try it yourself.”

Edward picked up his fork and took a bite of his food.

His expression was complicated.

He had followed the instructions for the seasonings. How could it be completely different from what he usually ate?

They were badly seasoned.

It was not that the food was completely tasteless.

He could not tell what it was, but the taste was not very good.

“Don’t eat it.” Edward reached out to take Jeanne’s plate.

He did not have any talent for cooking.

The last time they went to Monica’s house, Jeanne said that the chicken soup was delicious. He came and learned how to make chicken soup after that.

In the end, the chicken soup that he made made everyone in the Swans vomit.

Later on, when there were more things to do, Edward did not have the time to focus on learning how to make it.

Now, it seemed that he was indeed not good in this aspect.

Just as he reached out his hand, Jeanne moved the plate away. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Edward frowned.

“I don’t think I’ll be able to eat food like this a second time in my life. It’d be a pity to throw it away.” Jeanne smiled slightly.

In this life, she probably would not be able to eat the food that Fourth Master Swan cooked anymore.

Edward looked at her.

Jeanne started eating again just like that.

Her expression was very calm. It was impossible to tell how terrible the food was.

Edward said, “If you don’t mind, I can cook for you all the time.”

‘Forget it,’ Jeanne thought.

It was almost going to kill her to finish this big breakfast, yet he still wanted to cook for her next time.

Jeanne said, “I’ll cook?it for you next time.”

The corners of Edward’s mouth started to curl up.

He was clearly in a good mood.

He lowered his head and started to eat his big breakfast.

Sometimes, the taste was not that important.

The mood was more important.

Edward and Jeanne finished two portions of big breakfast.

Jeanne went straight to the kitchen to wash the dishes.

Her actions were very natural.

Fourth Master Swan followed behind her and hugged her from behind. His actions were also very natural.

The two of them had been getting along very naturally these past two days.