Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 280: Jeanne Leaves, While George Is Kidnapped

At her mom’s funeral, Jeanne met Eden.

From then on, Eden often appeared in front of her.

Eden had always been the kind of boy that was very popular with adults.

He was good-looking and smart.

Eden would take the initiative to greet his elders and was polite and respectful to everyone. He did not have the bad habits of young masters from the upper class who were arrogant, mischievous, and willful.

He was well-educated by the Swans, and the impression he gave others was completely different from that of his fourth uncle.

Eden was bright and cheerful, while Fourth Master Swan was always cold.

Wherever Eden went, many elders would take the initiative to get close to him. The elders loved him. On the other hand, no one dared to get close to Fourth Master Swan. He was young, but he gave others a very strong sense of hostility. He was unapproachable!

Later on, Jeanne fell in love with Eden.

They became childhood sweethearts who spent time together day and night.

Eden used to be very nice to Jeanne.

Everyone said that Eden loved her very much.

Jeanne also felt that Eden loved her very much.

However, did he not cheat on her in the end?!

He cheated on her to the point that everyone knew.

The corners of Jeanne’s mouth curled into a sarcastic smile.

Who would have thought that things would turn out like this after so many years?

The two people who had once loved each other were going against each other now.

The two people who had never interacted at all were sleeping on the same bed instead. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Jeanne had never thought that the unattainable Fourth Master Swan would one day be naked on top of her.

He was so close to her that he was well within reach.

Jeanne traced Edward’s face with her fingers

How biased was God to give this man such a perfect body?

God made him so attractive.

“Fourth Master,” Jeanne called out to Edward.

She called out to the man in front of her who had been looking at her without making a single move.

When the man heard her voice and heard her clearly seducing him, he suddenly smiled.

As he smiled, he suddenly left her body.

Jeanne frowned slightly.

Sometimes, she could not understand Fourth Master Swan.

To be more precise, she could not understand him at all.

For a second just now, she felt that Fourth Master Swan was thinking about it.

He really wanted it.

Now, he suddenly stood up and left.

It was unexpected.

Unexpectedly... disappointing.

“Fourth Master, do you not want it anymore?” Jeanne turned around and looked at the man who walked straight to the bathroom.

The man who left stopped in his tracks.

He turned around and asked, “What if you run away again after we sleep together?”

Jeanne’s heart moved.

She tried her best to look emotionless.

“So, I shall not sleep with you just to be safe.”

After saying that, Edward walked into the bathroom.

Following that, the sound from the shower could be heard.

Jeanne’s eyes moved, and she lay back on Fourth Master Swan’s bed.

She smiled faintly.

It was a faint and bitter smile.

Even if they did not sleep together, Jeanne would still leave.

She only wanted to do it to give herself… closure.

Since Edward did not want it,?she would not force him.

She just lay on the bed like this for a long time.

After a long time, Fourth Master Swan walked out of the bathroom.

He was cold.

It was obvious that he had taken a cold shower.

Jeanne still did not understand Fourth Master Swan.

She did not know why he was holding back.

She always thought that his ultimate goal was to sleep with her.

During this period, Jeanne could feel Edward’s desire for her, but at the last moment, he left.

It was hard to understand.

After taking a shower, Fourth Master Swan left the room just like that.

He left like a ferocious beast as if he was afraid of getting close to Jeanne.

Jeanne wanted to laugh.

If she told others that Fourth Master Swan was afraid of her, she did not know if anyone would believe her!

In reality, Edward was afraid of her at this moment.

He was so afraid that he did not even dare to look at her, so he left.

Deep down…

Alright.

It was not important.

In the future, the people and the matters here would not be important to Jeanne.

She just lay on the bed and rolled around for a while.

Women sometimes had impulses.

So they also needed to relieve themselves.

Jeanne lay like this for a long time.

Her phone suddenly rang.

Jeanne frowned.

Her physical and mental desires instantly disappeared.

Kingsley was indeed a good tool to vent her anger.

Jeanne picked up the call. “Hello.”

“Tomorrow at 10:00 am, I’ll arrive in South Hampton City. I’ll take you and George away on an 11:00 am flight.”

“Okay.”

“Have you thought about how to leave Fourth Master Swan’s side?!” Kingsley asked.

Jeanne took her phone and got up from the bed.