Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 290: George Is “Abused”, and Jeanne Returns

It was obvious that Jeanne did not miss this city at all.

However, George stayed.

Jeanne gritted her teeth.

When she thought of George, she could not calm herself down no matter what.

She did not know what Fourth Master Swan would do to George.

She did not know if Fourth Master Swan would go crazy to a certain extent…

She had never felt that Fourth Master Swan was a good person.

Her body, which she had been suppressing, was trembling slightly.

Lucy glanced at Jeanne.

Then, she glanced at Kingsley, who did not compromise at all. In the end, she chose to remain silent.

The plane took off.

Kingsley left.

When he left, he said to Jeanne, “I’ll bring George back. I definitely will.”

Jeanne did not reply.

Kingsley also did not expect to get a reply from Jeanne.

He turned around and got off the plane.

The plane started.

It glided along the airport’s designated flight path.

Jeanne still did not say a word.

She looked out the window without saying a word. Her eyes were red as if she was trying hard to control her emotions.

She just looked out the window, looking at the city outside the plane.

It was not that she did not trust Kingsley. Kingsley never broke his promise to her.

It was just that…

She left George.

Jeanne had once told George that she would never leave him unless he took the initiative to leave her.

At this moment, she broke her promise.

Her eyes were red.

She knew George would not blame her.

No matter what she did, he would not blame her.

Despite that, this was the reason she felt worse!

Everything in front of her became blurry.

All of a sudden, Jeanne felt that the plane had stopped.

Instead of taking off, it stopped.

Jeanne thought it was her imagination.

At this moment, she heard Lucy say, “Get off the plane.”

Jeanne turned and looked at her in disbelief.

She looked at Lucy in disbelief as Lucy pointed the gun at the captain’s head and forced him to stop!

“Aren’t you worried about George?” Lucy raised her eyebrow.

“Master,” Jeanne called out to her.

At this moment, her voice was a little choked up.

“From Kingsley’s perspective, he doesn’t want you to go back. He didn’t do anything wrong. After all, if you stay in Harken, you’ll get into a lot of trouble. He’s indeed trying to protect you. He doesn’t want you to choose to go to Fourth Master Swan’s side because of George.” Lucy seemed to be explaining Kingsley’s actions.

Jeanne knew everything.

She knew the reason behind everything that Kingsley did.

It was just that there would always be some deviations between reason and emotion. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“The difference between you and the professional assassins under Kingsley is that you have a lot more emotions than them. To be honest, I envy you,” Lucy said, “I’ve seen too many assassins like me, who are like machines. I don’t think we’re happy. If we don’t even have any emotions or desires, are we still considered humans?”

Lucy laughed self-deprecatingly.

Jeanne looked at her.

She looked at Lucy as Lucy continued, “So, I support you for acting recklessly and emotionally sometimes.”

Jeanne still looked at Lucy in a daze.

All along, the people by Kingsley’s side only listened to him.

“The most important thing is that Kingsley isn’t suitable to face Fourth Master Swan head-on. He’s not allowed to come to Harken so frequently. Besides, he’s now in conflict with the Swans, which even the Sanders is afraid of in Harken. I’m not only thinking from your perspective, but also for his sake.”

“You like Kingsley, right?” Jeanne suddenly asked.

Lucy smiled.

To professional assassins like her, liking someone was a far-fetched thing to do.

“I pledged my loyalty to him,” Lucy responded straightforwardly.

Jeanne did not say anything more.

It was because she did not have much time to waste.

Since she could leave, she would leave.

“Master, thank you.” Jeanne left after that.

Lucy smiled.

She felt that Jeanne should not be like her and become a person without emotions.

Nevertheless, she knew very well that the price she had to pay would be very high.

Lucy put down her pistol.

She waited on the plane.

She knew that Kingsley would see the plane take off before leaving.

When he saw the plane stop, he would know that something had happened.

As expected, in less than ten minutes, Kingsley returned to the plane.

He looked around.

“You let Jeanne go,” Kingsley questioned Lucy.

“Yes.” Lucy nodded.

Kingsley’s expression was extremely ugly.

“George is Jeanne’s son, so it’s reasonable—”