Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 296: Jeanne Stays, and Fourth Master Swan Confesses

Jeanne said, “No.”

Edward’s eyes moved slightly.

“Feelings can be developed on the basis of mutual affection. I don’t have feelings for you—I’m very sure that I have no feelings for Fourth Master.”

“Is that so?”

“I left seven years ago and left without saying goodbye today. I thought you understood, Fourth Master.” Jeanne was very straightforward.

At this moment, Edward nodded slightly.

Jeanne thought that he understood. She said, “I’ve let you down. I’m very sorry—”

“I like you,” Edward suddenly said.

Jeanne did not finish her sentence.

She looked at Fourth Master Swan.

It was as if…

She could feel that Fourth Master Swan liked her.

Nonetheless, she did not think that those words would come out of Fourth Master Swan’s mouth.

She had always thought that he was a person who cared about his face.

After being rejected to such an extent, he would no longer reveal his emotions.

Jeanne was not the only one who was surprised. Nox was also surprised.

Nox had always felt that it was impossible for Fourth Master Swan to say something like that in his entire life. Who knew, when he was rejected by Jeanne, he said it.

However, why did it feel so sad?

Nox could not bear it anymore, but…

“I don’t like you,” Jeanne responded.

There was one more word, but the meaning became completely different.

Edward’s eyes moved slightly.

He seemed to be digesting it.

“I’m sorry,” Jeanne apologized. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

There was no need to apologize.

Apologizing would make it seem as if the other party appeared to be having wishful thinking.

“Fourth Master, you deserve better.” Jeanne looked at Edward. “Although the distinguished third princess of the Sanders isn’t a good match for you, the people of Harken are outstanding. There are so many young ladies here. You’ll find someone suitable for you, so you don’t need to waste your feelings on me.”

“They’re my feelings.” Edward was cold.

“Yes, I’m in no place to say anything about your?feelings.” Jeanne nodded. She continued, “Thanks for taking care of me during this time. I’ll bring George—”

“Why do you want to leave just like that?” Edward interrupted her.

Jeanne was stunned.

“Answer my question, and I’ll let you leave.” Edward stared at her.

Jeanne pursed her lips.

Actually, it was no surprise that Fourth Master Swan would ask her this.

Anyone would be curious.

Why did she want to leave just like that?

She left just like that and did not plan on returning.

Jeanne did not understand either.

She did not know why Kingsley did not tell her anything.

Most of the time, Kingsley would not tell her so much.

She could only rely on herself to figure it out. Afterward, she answered honestly, “Because I offended the Sanders.”

Edward’s eyes moved.

“Melody’s death scared me.” Jeanne was straightforward. “So, I want to leave this country that’s controlled by the Sanders. I want to ensure my absolute safety.”

“If I say that I can protect you—”

“No.” Jeanne refused. “In this world, other than myself, I only trust Kingsley.”

Edward’s expression changed.

“Actually, the most important thing is not that you can’t bring me a sense of security; I have no attachment to the people in this country and city. So, when faced with danger, there’s no reason for me to take risks.” Jeanne had said everything very bluntly.

At this point, if Fourth Master Swan would still stay her by his side without caring about anything else…

Jeanne would not know how else she could escape from Fourth Master Swan in one piece.

She looked closely at Fourth Master Swan.

She was a little afraid that she would fail to negotiate.

Although Jeanne thought of the perfect scenario when she returned, she felt that with Fourth Master Swan’s status and mighty attitude, it was impossible for him to keep her by his side as if nothing had happened.

All men had their pride.

Even if it was just a decision made in a moment of desperation.

Jeanne only needed a little time.

As long as she could leave right under Fourth Master Swan’s nose, she would be able to leave completely.

She unconsciously bit her lip.

As she was nervous, she made some unnatural movements.

Edward, who was in front of her, saw it very clearly.

He knew very clearly how afraid the woman in front of her was that he would forcefully bring her to his side.

He pursed his lips.

His thin and cold lips were pursed into a stiff arc.

The space fell into a dead silence.

‘At this point, is he still not going to let me go?!’

Jeanne’s emotions and persistence were slowly collapsing.

‘Is it going to be a life or death struggle? Am I really going to need to threaten him…?’

“Can you develop some feelings for me?” Edward suddenly broke the silence.