Chapter 299: Jeanne Stays, and Fourth Master Swan Confesses

Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Seeing Jeanne and George come down, Edward stood up and walked directly toward them, saying, “Let’s have lunch.”

Then the three of them sat at the huge dining table in Bamboo Garden.

There were many dishes.

It was not like two days ago when it was just Edward and Jeanne eating.

No one spoke at the dining table either.

It was just so silent as if they were strangers.

Sometimes, Jeanne did not understand Fourth Master Swan.

She thought that Fourth Master Swan would at least do something through the week that she would be staying. Nonetheless, from the looks of it now, he would not do anything.

Were they simply going to spend a week together?!

Jeanne did not ask about it.

In any case, to her, it was just spending a week here.

No matter how she spent it, it would not matter.

After lunch, George cleared the dining table very consciously.

Jeanne frowned slightly.

No matter how much George took care of himself since he was young, she would not go so far as to abuse him to do these things.

She did not look good.

“He has to learn to do things within his capability.”

“I don’t think that washing the dishes is something that he can do...”

“Obviously, he can do it,” Edward said bluntly.

At that moment, he glanced to the side.

Jeanne also looked over and was surprised to find that George could do it.

She pursed her lips and did not say anything more.

In any case, they were staying at Edward’s place.

After lunch, Jeanne had nothing to do. She sat on the sofa and waited for George to finish washing the dishes.

Once George was done washing the dishes, he did not return to Jeanne’s side. Instead, he was taken away by Fourth Master Swan.

Jeanne pursed her lips.

In the end, she did not say anything.

She did not say anything.

In any case, she did not feel that what she would say would be useful.

After waiting for about an hour, Fourth Master Swan and George were still not back.

Jeanne could not hold it in any longer.

In the end, she got up and went to look for them.

After looking around, in the laundry room, she saw Fourth Master Swan supervising George in washing clothes.

Jeanne was furious.

‘Did he want us to stay so that he can torture George?!’

Obviously, Edward saw her at this moment.

That said, he had no reactions.

Jeanne gritted her teeth, turned around, and left.

Fourth Master Swan had a habit of abusing children. She could only endure it.

On this day.

On the first day of the seven days, Fourth Master Swan forced George to do housework.

Nevertheless, it was not just the first day.

It was the same every day.

Jeanne did not believe it.

Five of such boring and monotonous days passed by.

Jeanne had always thought that Fourth Master Swan had kept them here because he wanted to develop a relationship with her instead of putting all his energy into George.

Fourth Master Swan was also not taking the opportunity to fawn over George.

He was just asking George to do things he hated.

To be honest, Jeanne did not quite understand Fourth Master Swan.

She felt that he was... unusual.

At night, Jeanne lay on the bed with George beside her.

Perhaps George had done too many things in one day, so he fell asleep very quickly.

On the other hand, Jeanne seemed to have insomnia every night.

She probably had too much free time these few days.

Two more days—two more days and she would be able to leave.

Time passed faster than she thought…

Jeanne suddenly sat up from the bed.

She could not sleep.

She lifted the blanket and got out of bed.

She went downstairs to the back garden for a walk. Perhaps she would be able to sleep well after walking around for a while.

That was what Jeanne thought.

As soon as she walked into the back garden, she heard the sound of splashes in the pool.

From a distance, she could see water splashing in the pool.

It was very late at night.

She did not expect that Fourth Master Swan had not slept either.

He had not slept and was still swimming here.

Did he like swimming so much?!

After hesitating for a moment, Jeanne still walked over.

After spending the past few days together, she felt that Fourth Master Swan was not that annoying. He also did not do things to make her stay. Other than being unfriendly to George, Jeanne felt that Fourth Master Swan had been exceptionally good these past few days.

Therefore, she was not against approaching him at this moment.

Jeanne went over and sat on a comfortable recliner beside the swimming pool.

She just watched Fourth Master Swan swim in the swimming pool non-stop.

He swam many, many laps.

Jeanne did not disturb him.

She just sat by the side and watched indifferently.

At night, there was only the sound of water splashing.

No one knew how much time had passed.

Most likely, Edward was tired from swimming.

He stopped and came out of the pool.

When he came out, he did not find it strange to see Jeanne there.

He had probably noticed her long ago.

Edward casually picked up the bathrobe at the side and covered his body. He was only wearing swimming trunks. “Ms. Lawrence, you’re still awake?”

“So are you.”