Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 331: The Wedding: Jeanne, My Heart!

The answer was taking a little long, so long that Jeanne was starting to get nervous.

Did it not happen over the last few days? Did he have to think about it for so long?

It felt as if… he did not know if he liked her or not.

However, at that moment, Edward suddenly said, “Since I was young.”

“What?!” Monica thought she had heard wrongly.

The others also thought that they had also heard wrongly.

Monica quickly reacted. “Since you were young? How young?”

“Ms. Cardellini, you have already asked all ten questions,” Edward reminded her.

Monica almost choked on her saliva.

The last question was clearly the most important one!

Could it be that Fourth Master Swan had taken a liking to Jeannie since she was young?

At that thought, Monica shuddered.

Did that mean when Jeannie and Eden were dating, Fourth Master Swan was just... watching them?

......

Just as she was trying to imagine that scene...

“Monica, you’ve asked so many questions. Can you let us in now? It’s getting late, and we don’t want to miss such a meaningful day,” Nox said out loud.

Monica looked at the time and knew she could not take up too much time. Hence, she thought for a while and said, “I can let you pass, but you have to pay me.”

“Well, you have to open the door so I can hand you the money!” Nox shouted.

“What if I open the door and you rush in? I’m such a weak woman...”

“How dare you have the nerve to say you’re weak?” Nox’s tone was twice as high. “If you’re weak, could you have locked up such a group of men outside the door?”

Monica could not help but laugh, feeling a sense of accomplishment.

She said, “Nox, I’ll open the door in a while. Don’t push it!”

“Don’t worry!” Nox immediately agreed.

Only then did Monica unlock the door.

As soon as she did… Men were all liars!

Monica had just unlocked the door when it was suddenly pushed open, and she almost fell to the ground.

At the same time, a large hand suddenly grabbed hers and pulled her into an embrace the next second.

It was a very familiar embrace.

Monica looked at Finn in a daze.

Finn knew from Nox’s actions that he would use brute force. Hence, the moment the door opened, he quickly pulled Monica to his side.

Monica’s heart skipped a beat.

Then, she heard Finn say, “Aren’t you going to ask for the money?”

Monica pushed Finn away, quickly walked toward Nox, and stood in front of him and Fourth Master Swan.

“You can’t go back on your words!” Monica looked valiant and spirited.

“Nox.” Edward’s thin lips moved.

“Okay.” When Nox received the order, he quickly took out a particularly thick envelope and handed it to Monica. “Fourth Master Swan specially prepared it for you. Thank you.”

It was rare for Nox to be so gentlemanly.

The moment Monica took it, she weighed it in her hands.

‘Not bad,’ she thought, very satisfied with this thickness.

After that, Nox took out more envelopes and spread them all over Jeanne’s bedroom. There were a lot of them.

The staff also loved to have a good time, so they quickly snatched them up.

It was a lively scene, but all the excitement seemed to be on other people.

Edward and Jeanne only had eyes for each other. However, Jeanne was a little... shy from Edward’s stare.

Ever since Monica let them in, she had noticed Edward’s gaze on her body, sizing her up.

Although she was dressed so conservatively, in so many layers of fabric, he was looking at her with... an indescribable feeling. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Jeanne secretly gritted her teeth and pulled out a smile from the corner of her mouth. “Do I look good?”

Edward’s eyes were still on her.

Only after a long time did he finally react. “Pretty good.”

“You call this pretty good?” Monica appeared out of nowhere.

Just a second ago, she was fighting with ordinary people for money and bickering with Nox.

However, she suddenly noticed them and rushed over.

The other people’s attention was also instantly on a newly-wed couple.

“At first, I didn’t think Jeannie was suited for this kind of good-natured woman’s getup. After all, she had such alluring features that could bring disaster to the country and the people,” Monica said without holding anything back.

Jeanne was speechless. Did she invite Monica to be the bridesmaid to pull her down?

“However, the moment I saw the gown on Jeannie, I felt like I was blind back then. Jeannie is a young lady from an aristocratic family. With her class, dignity, and beauty, it’s clear that this designer gown was tailor-made for Jeannie!” Monica commented, “Fourth Master really has a good taste to have made the alluring-looking Jeannie look like such a good wife and mother.”