Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 341: Ceremony Ended: What About the Marriage of Convenience We Agreed Upon?

“Of course, Ms. Cardellini.”

“We agreed to have dinner together last time, but something got in the way. After that, I heard you left South Hampton City. Do you want to set a date and have dinner together?” Monica took the initiative to ask.

Kingsley smiled. “I might have to disappoint you again.”

“Are you busy again?” Monica was upset.

“In short, I owe you a meal,” Kingsley promised.

“Okay.” Monica nodded.

She could not make things difficult for him anyway.

Hence, she watched as Kingsley left with the beautiful woman next to him in a dashing manner. When he left, there was another man next to him.

The group walked out of the cloakroom and left the venue immediately. There was no need to stay after the wedding reception.

The three of them sat in the limousine, which filled with silence.

Lucy knew that Kingsley was in a bad mood. In fact, Kingsley was not as indifferent as he appeared to be about having Jeanne marry Fourth Master Swan.

She pursed her lips. It all seemed to have started because of her.

If she had not let Jeanne go…

......

However, she had a feeling that Jeanne might be able to change a lot of... destinies.

Something flashed in her eyes, and she said to the front row, “Jeannie looked beautiful today.”

The man in the front row did not reply.

“You should go and greet her face to face.”

There was still no response from the front row, so Lucy kept her mouth shut after. Just like that, the car left South Hampton City.

In the Swans family’s manor, Edward was also changing out of his suit with Nox accompanying him. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

While waiting for him, Nox was on his phone as if he was looking at something.

Once Edward had changed into a new set of clothes, he told the staff to go out first.

Nox opened his mouth and said, “Kingsley came.”

“Yes.” He saw the man too.

“But he has left.”

Edward nodded.

“However, this person, Kingsley...” Nox dragged out the word. “He’s a hard one to figure out.”

“What did you find?” Edward’s eyes narrowed.

“Do you know this person?” Nox held his phone in front of Edward.

Edward took a look and said, “K01.”

“Yes. He’s the number one assassin in the world and the number one underground boxer,” Nox said. “It seems like he’s one of Kingsley’s men.”

“Kingsley has a powerful backing.”

“I suspect Kingsley is related to the Mafia in Delta Island,” Nox speculated.

“Keep the investigation going,” Edward replied.

“Okay.” Nox put down his phone.

However, as soon as he put down his phone, he could not help but say, “Let me show you another photo.”

Edward frowned.

Nox pulled out another photo on his phone and said somewhat casually, “I think our people are quite talented in taking photos. Some of these expressions were really well captured.”

Edward took Nox’s phone, only to see it was still a photo of K01.

In the photo, K01 was looking in a direction. It was obvious who he was looking at, and there was a hint of emotion in his eyes.

There would be nothing strange about it if it were an ordinary person, but for a cold-blooded professional killer, it was unheard of.

Nox said, “I observed him for a while and noticed the direction he was looking at was where you and Jeanne were standing. If he doesn’t have feelings for you, then it is...”

Nox wanted to say something but stopped.

Edward glanced at Nox.

In the end, Nox still said bravely, “He just has feelings for your wife.”

Edward then returned the phone to Nox with a very indifferent expression.

As Nox took the phone in his hand, he said with a smile, “Fourth Master Swan, you have quite a few love rivals!”

Edward ignored him, so Nox added, “And they all have quite a powerful backing.”

However, Edward still refused to respond. Instead, he looked into the mirror and fixed his clothes, seemingly unfazed.

“You have to keep a close eye on your wife.”

“You don’t have to worry about my matters,” Edward said indifferently.

Nox pursed his lips.

Being too confident was not necessarily a good thing.

Even though he could afford to be confident, he had a feeling that Ms. Lawrence was not an easy person to deal with.

Once Edward had fixed himself up, he walked out of the changing room, and at the same time, Jeanne also walked out of the dressing room.

As both rooms were opposite one another, the two of them bumped into each other unexpectedly.

Edward walked straight toward Jeanne, who was wearing a small smile on her face, and held her hand, guiding her toward the hall.

Nox looked at them. He had to admit that he had never seen such a well-matched couple.

“What? Are you jealous?” Monica teased on purpose.

A look of contempt appeared on Nox’s face. “Do you think I’m the kind of person who would give up everything for one person?”