Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 352: George’s Parent-Child Sports Day

When he was determined, no matter what other people said, it was all nonsense.

He took a deep breath. “Young Master, do you not want to participate because your parents are not here to participate with you?”

“No.”

He was not interested in such parent-child activities or group activities.

“I can participate with you, Young Master,” Teddy volunteered.

“No need,” George refused. “Drive back.”

Teddy looked at George, who turned his head and gave an expression that said, “Stop trying to persuade me.”

At that, Teddy had no choice but to ask the driver to leave.

When they left, Teddy looked at the school decorated with banners and lights before secretly sending a message.

Once again, the car returned to the Swan family’s manor and stopped at the main entrance.

The moment George was surprised, he saw the car door suddenly open. A mocking voice sounded, “I heard your mother abandoned you.”

George stared at Nox, clearly displeased.

“She didn’t even go to the parent-child sports day with you?” Nox smiled.

......

It was obvious that he was gloating.

“It’s none of your business.” George’s small face turned to the side.

Nox looked at George’s fuming expression and felt his mood improve inexplicably. After all, he had always found the kid too old and mature.

With that, he plopped into the car.

George furrowed his small eyebrows.

“Go to school.”

George’s small eyebrows furrowed even more.

However, Nox ignored George’s mood and got the driver to drive back to school. In the meantime, he picked up the phone to make a call.

“Monica,” he said.

Monica had just woken up and was about to go to work. To her, waking up every morning was like going to war.

She bent over and put on her high heels as she answered Nox’s call. The whole thing made her a little flustered.

If it were not for her old man calling her out on her being late to work and even criticizing her at the staff meeting, she would not go to work so early in the morning like she was crazy.

She was a little impatient. “Make it short. I’m in a hurry to go to work.”

“Why are you going to work? Come out and have fun with me.”

“Are you crazy?” Monica thought that Nox was a lunatic sometimes. “What’s the matter with you? Flirting with girls early in the morning? More importantly, you’re flirting with me. Be honest with me. Have you been eyeing my beauty for a long time?”

“Monica, can you not say such disgusting things so early in the morning?”

Monica rolled her eyes. “If you have something to say, say it!”

“Today is the parent-child sports day at George’s school, but Fourth Master Swan and Jeanne have abandoned him to go on their honeymoon. Now that George doesn’t have anyone to accompany him, and I’m guessing I can’t be both a father and a mother, I’m letting you go with him.”

“Oh, poor George.” Monica found it a little funny. “I don’t think it’s strange that the Fourth Master could do such a thing, but how could Jeannie abandon her own son?”

“You have to know that the devil works hard, but a bigger devil, like Fourth Master Swan, works even harder. What is little Jeanneto him?”

Monica could not help but laugh out loud.

Sometimes, Nox’s way of describing things was true and very apt for the situation.

She said, “Alright. Then, I’ll be right over. Is the parent-child sports day at school?”

“Hurry up. We’re late.”

“Okay.” Monica agreed immediately.

As she agreed, she had already put on her high-heel shoes, so she opened the door and rang her father up to apply for leave.

She left the house in such a hurry that she even forgot to close the door.

If it were not a high-end residential area, her house would probably have been emptied by thieves.

Monica left everything behind, forgetting this and that. Her hot-headed personality really did not fit the image of the young ladies of the upper class.

Finn watched as Monica left in a hurry, thinking, ‘She’s going to a sports day in high heels and a skirt?’

Then, he continued to eat his breakfast slowly.

..

Monica really did rush to George’s school at her fattest speed.

Nox and George were already waiting for her at the school gate. George’s face was full of contempt, while Nox’s face was full of excitement.

When he saw Monica, he quickly said, “Hurry up, hurry up! It’s starting.”

Monica thought Nox was really too childish sometimes. What was there to be excited about on an elementary school sports day?

In fact, she, too, was so excited that all the cells in her body were jumping.

George, on the other hand, had a calm expression on his face, which was in stark contrast to the completely unreliable “parents” in front of him.

They hurriedly went to George’s class to report themselves.

Seeing that it was George, the teacher swallowed the words she was about to lecture him with. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Fortunately, the opening ceremony of the sports day was relatively long, so they did not miss anything.

After the opening ceremony, the events began.