Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 355: George’s Parent-Child Sports Day

She took it out, only to realize it was a set of sports clothes and a pair of sports shoes.

It turned out that Finn had brought her clothes, but how did he know that she needed them?

“Hurry up!” Outside the car door, Finn urged her, clearly a little impatient.

Her good impression of him immediately disappeared.

Perhaps Finn just did not want her to drag George down.

She hurriedly changed out of her clothes.

However, she was wearing a tight lace top with a zipper at the back, and it was really difficult to zip it down sitting.

Monica could not pull it no matter how many positions she tried, and she broke down.

Seeing that time was running out, she suddenly opened the door. “Finn, help me.”

Finn was stunned.

“Quick. Help me zip it down.”

Monica’s back was facing the car door as she called out to him.

Finn saw that she was still struggling to find the zipper on her back, so he pursed his lips and sat down.

......

“What are you doing?” Monica was stunned and at a loss for words.

All she wanted was for him to zip her down. Did he have to sit down?

“So you want to change in public?”

“...”

Finn reached out and pulled down her zipper. With the zipper unzipped, the bra buckle on her back was revealed in front of him.

As he turned around and prepared to get out of the car, Monica already started taking off her clothes.

Finn quickly averted his gaze.

“I haven’t gotten out of the car yet,” Finn reminded her.

Still, Monica did not stop at all. In fact, she was moving very quickly, afraid that she would not be able to make it in time.

She said, “You’re not interested anyway.”

Finn subconsciously clenched his fists.

At that moment, he was sitting beside her. Even though his head was looking outside, he could still feel Monica changing beside him. He seemed to know exactly what she was changing out and into.

In just two minutes, Monica was dressed.

Then, she opened the car door. “Get out.”

Monica got out of the car from the side.

Finn was lost in a trance for two seconds.

“Finn, if you’re not leaving, I’m leaving,” Monica hurriedly said.

With that, Finn opened the car door and followed Monica, jogging to the relay race venue.

“I’m not late, right?” Monica asked Nox.

“There are still two minutes left. You can take a break and catch your breath.” Nox could see that Monica’s breathing was a little fast.

Then, he turned to look at Finn, whose ears seemed suspiciously red.

A few minutes later, the staff member went up and announced the rules.

Monica was the fourth leg. She was still self-aware enough to choose a less important leg in the race.

Nox volunteered and chose to take the huge responsibility of being the anchor.

Monica could not help but tease, “Don’t embarrass yourself.”

Nox smiled arrogantly.

Monica squatted down and said to George, “Remember to cheer for your godmother later!”

No way. It was so embarrassing.

Although he was on the track just now, he could still hear his godmother’s excited voice. He could feel that many people were looking at him, and he did not like being looked at like that.

“It’s time to get ready,” Nox reminded them.

Monica patted George’s little head. “Your godmother will definitely get you a trophy.”

He, in fact, did not care much about winning or losing. However, the long-distance running just now…

Fine. He admitted that if he had not heard his godmother’s heart-wrenching roar, he might not have put in so much effort.

He simply watched as Monica rushed to both sides of the track excitedly to make preparations. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The first leg was ready.

When the gunshot sounded, everyone started to run out on their designated track.

In the first leg, Monica’s team was ranked third.

In the second leg, they were fourth place.

In the third leg, they were fifth place.

The fourth leg... was Monica.

She took the baton nervously and ran with all her strength as the person behind her got closer and closer.

Monica was really nervous. She used all her strength and did not want to be surpassed. She was really running with all her might.

“Aren’t you going to cheer her on?” Finn and George were in the audience.

George bit his lips.

“It’s okay.” Finn seemed to understand George’s dilemma.

Then, his gaze fell on Monica.

Many people in the upper-class society would laugh at the mention of Monica. To them, Monica behaved more like a wild child than a well-brought-up lady.

However, very few people knew that Monica was willing to risk her life for people she deemed important.

That was probably the biggest difference between her and the other young ladies.