Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 356: George’s Parent-Child Sports Day

He stared at Monica.

Monica gritted her teeth. It was obvious that her body could not take the speed, but she still ran with all her might.

At the last ten meters, Monica reached out and handed the baton to the person in front of her.

The moment she arrived at the finishing line, Monica was not sure whether she was too excited or running too fast, but she could not control her feet and trip.

The next second, Monica fell forward to the ground in a very undignified manner.

“Godmother!” George shouted as he could not control his emotions anymore.

At the same time, the figure beside him instantly disappeared from his sight.

George watched Finn run over quickly.

Monica paused for a few seconds when she fell to the ground, but she hurriedly got up and handed the baton over.

The next second, somebody hugged her, and it was Finn.

In Finn’s embrace, Monica endured the pain in her body and leaned on him.

Finn quickly carried her away from the track and returned to the audience. Seeing that, George walked over.

The school teacher also rushed over to ask about the situation.

......

“Is the school doctor here?” Finn asked the teacher.

“Yes, I’ll call him over right away.”

“Thank you.”

With that, the teacher left.

Finn put Monica down and squatted down to lift her pant leg up. Her knee, which had just healed a few days ago, was now scratched.

Finn took a look at it and found that the injury was not very serious compared to the last time.

Then, he focused his attention on the ankle she lifted.

“It hurts!” Monica cried out.

With a frown, Finn touched her ankle with his slender fingers.

“It hurts!” Monica’s eyes were red.

“Here?” Finn asked.

“Yes.” Monica nodded. “Don’t touch it. I’ll go to the hospital after we’re done here.”

“Let me see if it’s a fracture or a sprain.”

“No,” Monica refused flatly.

She was still traumatized from the last time.

Finn pursed her lips.

At that moment, the school doctor rushed over and asked, “Where are you hurt?”

“She grazed her knee, and it shouldn’t be too serious. However, I don’t know if it’s a sprained ankle or a fracture,” Finn said bluntly.

“Let me see.” The school doctor immediately squatted down.

“She’s afraid of pain,” Finn said to the doctor.

Monica was a little surprised for a moment before suddenly screaming, “It hurts!”

“It’s better to get an x-ray at the hospital,” the school doctor suggested. “I’ll treat the abrasion on her knee first.”

“Let me do it,” Finn said.

“No, I want him to do it,” Monica pointed at the school doctor.

The school doctor smiled. “After all, I’m the doctor.”

Finn pursed his lips.

While Monica endured the pain, she saw that Nox was about to start.

She was so excited that she hurriedly shouted, “Nox, run like the wind!”

Nox smiled, and his eyes narrowed. The moment he took the baton, he ran like lightning.

Not only was Monica dumbfounded, but the others were also dumbfounded.

Nox’s speed was not just fast. It was shockingly fast.

Their team, who had maintained fifth place the entire time, instantly surpassed the fourth place, the third place, the second place, and took first place.

Then, conveniently... he broke the school record.

The audience’s applause echoed in the stadium.

Monica almost jumped up.

“Ow!” She cried out as she pulled her knee. It was so painful.

Still, she was over the moon at that moment. “D*mn, Nox is too handsome. I’ve never seen him so handsome before! My heart can’t take it anymore.”

Finn glanced at Monica but did not say anything.

Nox, who had won the race, walked toward Monica. He was not even gasping for air.

He said, “How handsome was I?”

Nox had a smug look on his face.

“I didn’t expect you to be so capable.” Monica did not strike him down at that moment.

“Do you think I am where I am because I’m good-looking?”

Monica just knew that this guy could not take praise.

“By the way, how are you?” Nox looked at her wound.

“I don’t know. Let’s go to the hospital later.” Monica did not know either.

At that moment, the school doctor had also done a simple cleaning of her knee.

He said, “You should go to the hospital and have your ankle checked again. You’ll feel more at ease if you get an x-ray.”

“Okay, thank you.” Monica thanked him. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

With that, the school doctor left.

Of course, there was more than one school doctor in the school.

As soon as the school doctor walked over, he was stopped by another school doctor, who was a little excited. “Do you know who the man beside the patient you just treated was?”

The former school doctor was a little surprised.

Was the man not just a student’s parent?

“Finn.”

The school doctor’s mouth twitched.

What did he say to Finn just now? That he was the real doctor?

How could he have had the nerve to call himself a doctor in front of almighty Finn!

..

“The competition segment is over. Why don’t you let Finn send you to the hospital now?” Nox suggested.

“No. I want to see George go up on stage and receive the award,” Monica refused flatly.

George looked at Monica from the side.

Monica smiled at George. “How could I miss such a sacred moment?”

George’s face was a little red, and his heart was… racing.

In the end, Monica limped watching all the competition events at George’s School and then accompanied George to receive the award. She even took countless group photos.

Monica did not know why she was so full of energy either.

At that moment, she was sitting in Finn’s car. With her leg hurt, she definitely could not drive.

Nox had to send George back, so in the end, Finn was the only one who could send her to the hospital.

In the passenger seat, Monica sent a message to Jeanne. “I’ve taken good care of your son. You can rest assured while spending time with the Fourth Master!”

After sending it, Monica chuckled to herself.

She had a feeling that Fourth Master Swan could make Jeanne too sore to get out of bed!