Chapter 358: Honeymoon: I Love You, Jeanne

“I do.” The person on the other end of the phone nodded and echoed, “By the way...”

Monica frowned. “What?”

“I laid my cards on the table for my parents again yesterday.” Michael’s tone sounded a little serious.

Monica tightened her grip on the phone.

Finn’s eyes moved. He could totally see how nervous she was.

With that, he pursed his lips tightly and drove faster.

“My parents... agreed,” Michael said straightforwardly.

Monica’s heart skipped a beat as if something had hit her.

However, she did not know what that skip of a heartbeat meant. It seemed like she was not looking forward to it but was at the same time.

“My parents told me to invite you over to my house sometime. They want to know about your current situation,” Michael said tactfully.

Monica understood what he meant.

After all, she was married now, and it was impossible for them not to care about it. They may say they understand her current situation, but perhaps they just wanted to embarrass her.

“Monica, don’t worry.” Michael seemed to know what she would think. “I’ve explained your situation to my parents, and I promise what happened in the past will not happen again.”

......

Monica was still traumatized.

Back then, she was not married and was happily in a relationship with Michael. Even then, his parents did not agree to them being together.

Now that she was in such a state, would his parents really compromise?

Who knows if they might ask her to leave Michael again?

They probably did not want to ruin their relationship with Michael, so they thought they would start with her.

She suddenly realized she was so smart that she could be Sherlock Holmes. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Then, she heard Michael ask her, “Monica, are you free tonight?”

Monica looked at her foot, which was wrapped like a dumpling, and said helplessly, “Michael, let’s wait for a few more days.”

She wanted to wait until she could remove the bandages.

No matter what, and no matter what Michael’s parents asked her to do, she felt that she had to maintain perfect behavior. Even if it was a fight, she had to be elegant.

There was a few seconds of silence on the other end of the phone

Monica hurriedly said, “Give me a few days of beauty treatment, buy a few sets of clothes, and take care of my body. Since I have to see your parents, I have to be in my best state!”

Michael seemingly smiled. “Okay.”

“In that case, can we confirm the time in a few days?”

“Okay.” Michael agreed and added, “Monica, I really want to marry you as soon as possible.”

Monica was stunned.

This time, she was really touched by Michael’s affectionate confession.

She always thought that Michael had put in a lot of effort for her, so much that sometimes, she felt that rejecting Michael was too cruel to him.

In this world, other than her father, Michael was probably the man who treated her the best.

The two of them exchanged a few more sentences before Monica hung up the phone. At that moment, she had a million thoughts in her mind.

She always thought that her life had been smooth sailing since she was young, but in terms of relationships... It was torturous.

She believed God was jealous of her life, so he had set many obstacles for her in terms of relationships. That was why she had never been so confident in her own feelings.

Even if Michael told her that his parents had agreed, she was sure they would not truly agree.

She was also thinking that if she was threatened by his parents again… In fact, she was already prepared for it.

However, she was willing to do it again with Michael to give herself another chance just so they could put an end to their relationship.

That way, she would not regret it in the future.

In the future, they could really go their separate ways.

Suddenly, she fell silent.

At that moment, she looked at her phone and smiled again, not noticing that the person beside her had an extremely cold expression on his face.

The car was speeding on the highway.

Monica smiled because George had sent her a text message. The text message was, “Godmother, how’s your leg?”

That brat finally could not help but care about her, huh?

She always thought George was the kind of person who was cold on the outside but warm on the inside. Although he looked cold on the outside, he was actually warm and caring on the inside, just like... Why did she find him somewhat similar to Fourth Master Swan?

She replied, “I’m fine. I’m still alive and kicking. Next time there’s a similar event, don’t tell your mother. Invite me instead, and I can take control of the situation myself.”

Monica held her phone and waited for a long time.

Only then did George send her a message. “Okay.”

Monica’s smile became even brighter as she typed a message. “That’s a promise. You can’t go back on your word...”

She had not yet sent the message when…