Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 379: I Won’t Let You Be Abused

Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

She was dragged back to the bearded man.

Monica tried to grab the ground with both hands, wanting to resist.

However, no matter how hard she tried, even until her fingers and palms were stained with blood from scraping the floor, she was so weak that she could not resist.

Meanwhile, Finn watched as the weak Monica tried to resist.

His veins were bulging in anger, and his expression was ferocious.

He kept clenching his fists, tighter and tighter as if he was warming up and preparing himself to attack.

He watched the scene in front of him with terror as Monica was abused.

Michael was also watching the scene with his own eyes. His expression was cold and indifferent as he saw Monica cry out in pain.

Then, he turned his eyes and looked at Finn, who was still on the ground.

Even though Finn was furious, he did not do anything to save Monica.

Michael sneered. His smile was extremely cruel.

In fact, if Monica were not involved, he would have been numb to it.

He had been personally groomed by his father, whom he had followed since he was young. Hence, he had witnessed his countless cruel methods and done too many bloody things to achieve his goals. Now, he was already used to it.

......

He glanced at Monica again, who looked like she was about to fall into despair, and then at the bearded man approaching Monica.

His eyes narrowed.

Ultimately, there would still be some emotions.

Monica was the only woman he had ever liked in all these years. For that woman, he had even given up his past efforts to marry into the Sanders family. Even though the Sanders were indeed wary of the Ross’ ability and had never thought of marrying their princess to him, if he used some means to fight for it, it was possible.

In his world, nothing was more important than his political aspirations. That was the only thought his father had instilled in him since he was young.

Yet, he was willing to give up a part of it for Monica. Even if it would only affect a small part of his life, it was clear that the woman’s position in his heart was very important.

In the end, he did not stop the bearded man immediately.

He did not stop it even though he knew that Monica was about to break down because he still wanted to see if Finn would do something.

If Finn was so indifferent to Monica that he even chose to leave to protect himself, Monica would probably never be able to look at Finn again.

The smile on his face was extremely cold!

In the warehouse, Monica shouted, “Don’t touch me! I beg you. Don’t touch me! I’ll give you anything you want. Just don’t touch me, alright? Don’t touch me!”

She wanted to escape, but she was pinned to the ground, which made it impossible for her to move.

She looked at the bearded man in front of her, who had started to undo his pants…

No. She didn’t want to; she refused to.

However, she could only watch helplessly as the bearded man leaned into her.

Just then, Monica suddenly saw Finn stand up from the ground, and all her attention on the man in front of her suddenly shifted to Finn.

How could he still stand up?

His injury looked grave, and he looked like he was about to die. Yet, at that moment, he stood up and quickly walked toward them.

Perhaps not even the man in front of her saw it coming. While all three of their attention was on Monica, Finn suddenly kicked the bearded man who was trying to get close to her.

The bearded man then tripped, and his face directly hit the ground. The impact of the fall immediately caused his face to turn blood red.

“F*ck!” The bearded man cursed in a low voice before standing up fiercely from the ground.

The next second, he ordered his two subordinates, “Beat him up!”

The two subordinates hurriedly released Monica and violently kicked Finn’s body.

Finn dodged to the side, but the moment he dodged, he kicked his leg out.

It was fast and accurate.

As a result, one of the men was pushed to the ground.

Monica was shocked as she thought Finn was going to die. However, where did all his strength come from?

Was it a flash in the pan?

No.

She covered her mouth, and her tears kept falling.

Her body was still trembling.

However, it was not because of the situation she was in but because the Finn she was seeing was too terrifying and shocking.