Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 395: Finn Awakens, and I Want to Give Him a Child!

Finn could not hear her, but he seemed to know what she was talking about from reading her lips.

Hence, at that moment, he even nodded.

It was not much, but Monica saw it clearly.

The moment she saw it, her smile widened.

In fact, Monica did not look too good now. Her face was pale, she had a wound at the corner of her mouth, and her hair was also a little messy. On top of that, she was wearing a hospital gown and did not care about her image.

However, Finn was moved, and his heartbeat... became a little irregular.

The doctor who had been in the room noticed that something was wrong.

He went forward and looked at the heart rate monitor beside Finn, whose heartbeat was visibly a little fast.

It was not beyond the limits of a human’s body, but it was a little abnormal for Finn’s current condition.

The doctor quickly called out to Finn, “Dr. Jones, how are you feeling?”

Finn was trying his best to control himself.

Having also noticed something strange, Monica became so scared that her face stiffened.

The doctor observed for a while and realized that Finn’s heartbeat had not slowed down, so he quickly pressed the call button.

......

Finn closed her eyes and quietly calmed himself down.

However, for some reason, when he closed her eyes, he saw Monica smiling brightly at him. He even heard a voice saying, “Finn, I love you. Finn, please don’t leave me behind.”

Then, his heart was beating faster again.

The doctor quickly called out to Finn, “Dr. Jones, are you feeling okay? Try to calm down.”

At the same time, Finn’s attending physician quickly walked in.

Monica watched everything inside with a nervous expression, thinking, ‘Don’t scare me. Please.’

She did not want to have her hopes up only to be disappointed again because she could not take it anymore. She would not be able to take any more accidents happening to Finn.

With that, she just watched as the doctor performed a physical examination on Finn in a very serious manner.

It seemed like other than the sudden abnormal heartbeat, there was nothing else.

The attending doctor could not find the reason either, but something must be wrong for the heart to beat so fast. He told his assistant, “Give him a sedative first...”

Finn seemed to be moving his lips.

When the attending doctor saw it, he quickly squatted down, moved closer to Finn, and gently removed his oxygen mask.

Finn whispered into his ear.

Her voice was really very soft. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

However, that doctor finally understood, and he smiled helplessly.

He raised his head and looked at Monica outside before saying to his assistant, “There’s no rush.”

His assistant nodded.

Then, the attending doctor looked at the heart rate monitor beside him.

Only when he saw that Finn’s heartbeat had gradually calmed down did he walk out of the intensive care unit.

Monica was very excited. “How’s Finn? Will he die?”

“Dr. Jones’s condition is good. Although his injuries are very serious, he’s completely out of danger. After some treatment, he’ll recover, and he can then return to his normal life. It won’t even affect him from practicing medicine.”

Monica listened to the doctor’s words and heaved a sigh of relief.

It was good that Finn was alive.

As for whether he would lose an arm or a leg, she really did not think it was important.

“But there is something that requires the cooperation of the family members,” the attending doctor said.

“What is it? I will do my best to cooperate!” Monica quickly said.

Moreover, the words “family members” sounded so touching.

“Dr. Jones needs to rest quietly for now, so it’s best no one disturbs him. Please try not to visit him. After Dr. Jones leaves the intensive care unit, visiting him won’t be much of a problem.”

“I can’t even visit him?” Monica expressed that she was a little hurt.

She wanted so badly to stay by his side. She did not want to leave at all.

“For Dr. Jones’s health, it’s best not to.” The attending doctor gave an affirmative answer.

The attending doctor was really shocked by Dr. Jones. To think the latter could not even calm his heart rate before his wife.

It was rumored that Dr. Jones loved his wife very much, and it seemed like the rumors were true.

“In that case, how long will it take for him to get out of here?” Monica asked.

“About a week.” The doctor estimated.

“So I won’t be able to come this entire week?” Monica confirmed again.

The doctor nodded.

Monica bit her lip, feeling upset.

The attending doctor also felt a little helpless about the situation, so he said, “Actually, you have a lot of injuries as well, Mrs. Jones. Why don’t you spend this week recuperating? Also, I heard your ankle injury is pretty bad. You can get the surgery on your ankle done while waiting for Dr. Jones to get out of here. After Dr. Jones gets out, he will need his family to take good care of him. A conservative estimate is that Dr. Jones will probably be in the hospital for two months. During these two months, he will need his family to accompany him, so it’s most important for you, Mrs. Jones, to take care of yourself first.”