Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 396: Finn Awakens, and I Want to Give Him a Child!

When Ruby heard what the doctor said, she quickly tried to persuade Monica. “Monica, the doctor is right. With your current condition, you can’t take good care of Finn. Why don’t you take care of yourself first and then wait for Finn to come out? Then, you can take good care of him.”

Although Monica was a little unhappy that she would not be able to see Finn for a week, she still listened and nodded.

The moment she nodded, she could not help but say to the doctor, “In that case, can you pass a few words to Finn?”

“I’d be happy to.” The doctor quickly nodded.

“Tell Finn I’ll be waiting for him outside and that he should get well soon so he can leave here early.”

“Okay.”

“Tell him I will give him a child when he recovers.”

The doctor was a little hesitant about that.

“I can give him as many children as he wants.”

She could tell that to him herself once he was out.

“Also.” Monica thought for a moment. “Tell him that I love him very much.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The doctor smiled, thinking, ‘Dr. Jones would rather you tell him those words in person.’

Moreover, given Dr. Jones’s condition, it might not be suitable for him to hear words like that that could easily stimulate his heart.

......

Dr. Jones had tried very hard to tell him that his irregular heartbeat was because of Mrs. Jones.

Hence, for Dr. Jones’s health, he could only “break up the couple”.

“Okay.” In the end, the doctor still chose to agree.

Monica took a deep breath and said, “Thank you, doctor.”

“It’s my pleasure.”

Monica reluctantly looked at Finn, whose eyes were closed.

She did not want to leave, even for a minute.

Ruby called out to her daughter, “Let’s not disturb Finn’s rest. Listen to the doctor. He’ll be fine when she comes out in a week.”

Monica nodded silently, and Ruby pushed Monica out the door.

Monica kept looking at Finn until he disappeared out of her sight.

At the side, Gary saw it all. Seeing that his daughter was in good spirits, he was not so worried anymore. He could not help but say, “So now you know that you love Finn, huh? Why didn’t you say you loved him when you wanted to get a divorce? Why didn’t you say you wanted to give him children? And even giving him as many children as he wants–”

“Old man, don’t act like you’re unhappy about it.” Monica was truly a heartless person.

She had clearly experienced the worst of her life yesterday, but now she could do it again. She was full of energy!

“You clearly can’t wait for me to be with Finn. Now that I’m sure Finn is the one I love, you’re still trying to mock me? If you continue to mock me, I’ll flip!”

“Go on. Flip!” Gary was not threatened by his daughter. “Anyway, I’ve prepared for a divorce between you and Finn. I’ve thought about it. For someone like you to be with Finn, it’s really unfair to him...”

“Dad!” Monica was displeased.

Ruby was also speechless. She could not believe that the father and daughter could quarrel even in the hospital.

“Forget it.” Monica suddenly compromised. “I won’t argue with you. Anyway, Finn is the only one I want to spend my life with. Even if he wants to push me away, I’ll never let him go!”

Monica’s smile was very sweet.

Then, she recalled the way Finn pressed her under his body to protect her.

At that moment, her heart ached so badly, and she thought it was cruel of him. Yet now... Could she say that she was very touched?

Just thinking about it made her feel so sweet.

She could deeply feel that Finn cared about her, protected her, and loved her…

It was love!

Monica’s face was filled with love.

Gary wanted to say something else — to remind Monica not to act the same way in the future and live a good life with Finn.

Although Monica insisted that she wanted to spend the rest of her life with Finn, who knew what she would do next?

Even he was afraid.

However, Ruby pulled Gary back and said softly, “We shouldn’t interfere with young people’s relationships.”

Hence, Gary kept it to himself and did not say anything else.

Monica was directly pushed to the orthopedics department as per the doctor’s advice.

The doctor said that when Finn was out of the intensive care unit, he would need the care of his family even more.

Why did the word “family” sound so pleasing to her ears?

That was why she had to take care of her own body.

She reckoned that Finn could not take care of himself at the moment, so once he was out of the intensive care unit, she would need to take good care of him.