Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 397: Finn Awakens, and I Want to Give Him a Child!

Her face was flushed red.

“Mrs. Jones, are you hot?” The nurse looked at her appearance and asked with concern.

Finn was very famous in the hospital, and that was why Monica was famous in the hospital too.

Almost all the nurses knew her.

Monica came back to her senses and quickly shook her head. “I’m fine.”

“Mrs. Jones, bear with it. I’ll help you remove the bandage now. After this, I’ll bring you to take an x-ray to take a look at the degree of damage to the bones.”

“Okay.” The moment Monica nodded, she cried in pain, “Ow!”

The nurse was so scared that her hands trembled.

“It hurts.” Monica frowned.

“I’ll try to be more careful,” the nurse said.

“Ah... It still hurts,” Monica cried out.

It really hurt.

She had never felt that much pain before.

......

At that moment, she did not even want to be touched.

“Mrs. Jones, bear with it. You have to take it off.”

Then, the entire orthopedics department was filled with Monica’s heart-wrenching cries.

After the x-ray was taken, Monica looked at her swollen ankles and felt a little sad.

How could she take good care of Finn with a crippled leg? How could she take care of Finn or take him to the toilet and take a shower…

“Mrs. Jones,” the doctor called out to her.

Only then did Monica regain her senses.

Gary and Ruby were also a little speechless by her side. Anyway, their daughter had never been on the same level as ordinary people.

From time to time, her mind would wander.

“What?” Monica looked at the doctor.

“Comminuted fracture,” the doctor told her.

“Is it serious?”

“Let’s put it this way. Previously, you had a bone fracture, which was the least serious type of fracture. Now, you have a comminuted fracture, which is the most serious type of fracture.”

“In that case, what should we do? Will I become a disabled person?” Monica was shocked. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Mrs. Jones, don’t worry. It’s not that serious. I’m just telling you that your current situation needs surgery. We’ll take out the small pieces of broken bones inside and keep the large pieces. Then, we’ll use a suitable internal fixation device to fix the broken parts. After that, we’ll properly implant the same allogeneic bone to heal your ankle.”

“Will it hurt?” Monica was very scared.

“Anesthetics will be given to you during the surgery, but there will be some pain after the surgery. If you can’t take it, we’ll give you a painkiller as appropriate.”

“Oh.” Monica nodded.

“I suggest that Mrs. Jones perform the surgery first thing in the morning. If you delay this for too long, it’ll affect you even more.”

“Okay.”

“My assistant will explain everything you need to take note of before and after the surgery.”

“Thank you, doctor.”

“You’re welcome.”

After that, Monica listened to the assistant doctor explain the surgery to her.

However, Monica did not listen to much either.

Right now, all she wanted was to get better immediately so that she could take good care of Finn.

…

At the Swans family’s manor, Edward and Jeanne had returned to Bamboo Garden.

By then, it was already nighttime in South Hampton City, and the sky was very dark.

However, Edward was not awake yet.

Nox carried Edward into the room, with Jeanne following behind them.

Teddy was woken up by the noise and was a little surprised to see Fourth Master Swan being carried back by someone.

Did he not say they would be away for a week?

Why were they back in three days?

The journey to and fro would take one entire day, so today was just the second day of their honeymoon.

Could it be that the two of them had a fight?

Teddy stood at the door to his master’s room with a worried look on his face. However, Nox closed the door on him.

How heartless!

As such, Teddy could only return to his room.

In fact, he did not know much about his master as his task was just to take care of the Fourth Master’s daily life.

In the room, Nox took a deep breath and said to Jeanne, “According to experience, he will sleep for about 36 hours.”

Jeanne frowned.

Why would he sleep for so long?

Moreover, Edward’s sleep was completely different from that of ordinary people.

She had a feeling that after he fell asleep, he had not been able to sense what was happening in the outside world.

“After he wakes up, he will regain his senses, so you don’t have to worry. He will be the same as when he was in the Balti Islands.”

“Okay.” Jeanne nodded.

“I’ll have to trouble you to take care of him now,” Nox said. “I’ll head back first.”

“Nox,” Jeanne called out to him.

“Huh?”

“Do you know who’s trying to kill us?”

“I’m not sure,” Nox said bluntly.

That meant he did not want to tell her.

“Jeanne,” Nox suddenly called out to her.

Jeanne looked at him.

“I’m actually very suspicious of your identity.”