Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 406: Fourth Master Swan Bullies George

In the ward, Michael looked at Monica. His eyes were red, and he looked very upset.

Deep down, he really did feel upset.

Even if he knew Monica might still like Finn, he had never thought Monica had no feelings for him.

He always thought that all these years, Monica had feelings for him. At the very least, there was love.

However, it turned out that he was being used the entire time, and they were just friends all along. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Rather than saying he felt terrible, he was starting to doubt himself.

How could he, a person of status and with so many schemes, be defeated in Monica’s hands?

She was the first woman he had tried so hard to give all his heart to, yet she did not love him?

Michael had set high standards for himself since he was young, but now, he could not even compare to a mere Finn.

How ridiculous! It was simply ridiculous.

Michael had hidden the darkness in his heart so well that Monica did not even notice it. All she could see was how sad Michael looked.

It was hard to hide his sadness.

Michael was such a proud person, but she had let him down.

......

In fact, after she figured it out, she realized that there was no so-called love between her and Michael. Perhaps they were just more than friends but less than lovers.

If she still saw him as more than a friend but less than a lover, even after so many years of trying hard to love him, she believed it would be difficult for her to fall in love with him.

The person she loved had always been Finn, the man she fell in love with at first sight.

After so many years, no matter how badly he treated her, how cold she treated him, or how hard she hid her feelings, her emotions would really go out of control when they erupted.

In her heart, there was no room for any other man, including Michael.

Monica said, “I’m sorry.”

“You’ve apologized a lot today.” Michael’s deep voice was as gentle as ever.

“Because I don’t know what else to say to you.” Monica lowered her head.

She felt really guilty toward Michael because she believed she had used him for a long time.

“There’s no right or wrong in a relationship. I can only blame myself for not being good enough.” Michael even managed to smile.

“It’s not that you’re not good enough.” Monica hurriedly explained, “It’s because the first impression takes precedence.”

Michael looked at her.

The first impression takes precedence? He had never believed in that idea! As long as it was something Michael liked, he would snatch it from whoever.

“If I didn’t meet Finn first, perhaps I could really love you because of Finn...” Monica did not seem to know how to explain herself.

In fact, she did not know why she liked Finn so much either.

What was so good about Finn? He did not seem that much better than Michael, but for some reason, she fell head first into Finn’s hands and could not get herself out of it.

“I understand.” Michael nodded silently.

“I hope you can find a girl you love and who loves you back,” Monica said.

It was a sincere blessing.

“I won’t,” Michael said bluntly.

Monica looked at him.

“There won’t be another girl. The girl I love has appeared.”

Monica felt a pain in her heart. Actually, she did not feel good at all.

Why did Michael like her so much?

She had always thought that a person like Michael should be matched with a young lady from a higher class instead of her, the daughter of a wealthy family who did not fit into the social norm. They had nothing in common.

“Monica,” Michael called out to her sincerely. Then, he said with a smile on his face, “Monica, I wish you and Finn happiness.”

He was clearly suffering, but he still smiled at her.

Monica’s eyes instantly turned red. She felt like she had let a very, very good man down and felt sorry for him.

Although she felt guilty, she did not regret it.

She had never been so determined to be with Finn. Even if something big happened in her life, she believed that nothing would change between her and Finn; she would definitely be with him for the rest of her life!

It never occurred to her that something unexpected would happen.

Michael wiped away Monica’s tears and said gently, “Silly, don’t cry.”

Monica did not know what else to say.