Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 410: Fourth Master Swan Bullies George Translation

“Is she okay?” George was obviously concerned.

“She should be fine.”

Kingsley said that the one who was seriously injured was Finn.

She stood up and did not leave. Instead, she sat on the small sofa in George’s room and gave Monica a call.

Monica was not asleep at the moment. She was just lying on the bed alone after breaking up with Michael, wondering what she should do.

Her mind was not filled with Michael. Even though she felt guilty every time she thought about Michael, she rarely thought about him because her entire mind was filled with Finn.

She really wanted to see him.

She tossed and turned, unable to fall asleep.

Due to the surgery, her bones hurt, so she could not fall asleep.

Her eyes moved slightly when her phone suddenly rang.

The moment she picked it up and took a look at it, she became so excited that she quickly answered the call. “Jeanne, where are you?”

“I’m at the Swans’ place with Edward.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“You’re back? Didn’t Nox say something happened to you? What happened? Are you injured?” Monica could not contain her emotions.

......

“I’m fine. Edward and I are fine. We’re back safe.”

“How did something happen to you guys? Nox said your speedboat exploded?”

“It was just some accident.” Jeanne did not want to hide it from Monica, but it was rather dangerous, so she did not want Monica to know.

“Are you really alright now?”

“I’m fine, but you? I heard you were in an accident?” Jeanne asked.

“Who did you hear from? Oh, was it from Miles?” Monica suddenly answered.

Jeanne was still trying to find an excuse.

After all, she could not possibly say that she heard it from Kingsley.

“Were you the one who told Miles to secretly protect me?” Monica asked.

Jeanne really felt that she was doing poorly in that aspect.

She had never thought that Monica would be involved in such matters, so she never expected Monica would also be in danger.

.

“Luckily, Miles was there, or Finn would’ve been beaten to death, and I might’ve been raped.” Monica was still a little scared when she said that.

“How are you now?” Jeanne asked.

“I’m fine. It’s just a broken ankle and a comminuted fracture, but I’ve undergone surgery. The doctor said that I can be discharged after two weeks.”

“What about Dr. Jones?”

“He is in a worse condition. He’s still in the intensive care unit, but the doctor said his life is no longer in danger. He can be discharged from the intensive care unit in a week and from the hospital in a month.”

“That’s good,” Jeanne said.

“I don’t know who would do this to us. The police have come to look for me, but there hasn’t been a follow-up.”

There would be no follow-up in the future as the police were just going through the motions.

“Jeannie, Michael and I broke up,” Monica suddenly said.

If she had any secrets, she would tell Jeanne as soon as possible.

However, Jeanne did not do well in that regard. She hid a lot of things from Monica, yet Monica was always honest with her.

It made her feel as though she had failed as a friend.

“Have you thought it through?” Jeanne asked.

“This time, Finn really did protect me with his life so that I wouldn’t be abused.”

“Were you moved?”

“No, but now I know Finn loves me too. I used to think he didn’t like me, so I always suppressed my feelings. Now that I’ve found out that he likes me so much, there’s no need to suppress my feelings anymore. Alright, I admit that I’ve liked Finn from the very beginning.”

Jeanne chuckled.

Everyone could see that Monica was just deceiving herself.

“It’s good to know you’ve figured it out.” Jeanne did not expose her. “So, do you plan to live a good life with Dr. Jones next?”

“I plan to give him a child.”

That was quite a leap… but she really admired Monica.

“I’m serious.” Monica seemed to think that Jeanne did not believe her, so she emphasized it.

“Yes, I believe you,” Jeanne quickly replied.

“Think about it. Finn is already 30 years old, and he doesn’t even have a child. How sad is that? I have to seize this time to give him a child. The doctor said that with his condition, he needs at least three months of rest. After three months, we’ll have sex. Even if it’s a hit, when I’m nine months pregnant, Finn will be 31 years old. By the time the child graduates from university at 22 years old, Finn will be in his 50s...”

Jeanne found it difficult for ordinary people to keep up with Monica’s thinking.

“So, I plan to have two children in three years.” Monica was seriously planning her future.