Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 428: Monica Confesses Her Love

Finn’s throat bobbed.

In fact, he had looked for her like crazy that night.

“Michael stayed with me at the bar for one night and sent me home after the bar closed the next day. When I was home, he said the best way to forget a relationship was to start another one. I actually didn’t believe him. I just wanted to take revenge on you and let you experience the feeling of being cheated on. But I didn’t expect...” Monica felt her heart ache.

It was true. She still felt terrible at the thought of what had happened in the past.

She raised her head and looked at Finn. At that moment, her eyes were a little red. “I didn’t expect you to really give up on me.”

That year, she had actually waited for him for a long time.

Although Michael was pursuing her, she was actually waiting for Finn, for his call, for him to come and find her, for him to tell her that he actually did not like Patsy. Even though he said that Patsy seduced him back then, as long as he admitted his mistake, she might be able to forgive him.

After all...

She really loved him very much, so much that sometimes, she could forget about herself.

However, he did not do any of those.

Ever since Finn saw her kissing Michael, he had never appeared in her world again. It was as if she had disappeared.

All of her waiting and expectations disappeared bit by bit as time passed.

Bit by bit, she began to learn to accept Michael, be with Michael, and accept all the happiness Michael gave her.

......

Hence, she started being with Michael.

She thought that without Finn, being with anyone else… was the same.

Moreover, Michael was very good to her, so good that she could not refuse.

If Michael’s parents had not stepped in to stop their relationship, perhaps she and Michael would really be together.

After all, she had really given up on Finn.

However, later on...

By accident, she married Finn again.

If her father had not threatened her with death, she really would not have gotten back together with Finn. She could marry anyone but never Finn. She even quarreled with her father many times over it, saying that she could marry and have children immediately for the sake of her so-called dignity, but that person could never be Finn. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Her father was so angry that he had a heart attack, and Finn saved her father.

After that, she did not dare to resist.

Although she had been very willful since she was young, she knew very well that what she feared the most was losing people. Therefore, she agreed.

She actually knew very well that the reason she did not want to marry Finn was not that she hated Finn.

She was just afraid that she would not be able to control her feelings, and she did not want to be so lowly in front of Finn.

Finn, on the other hand, was not as conflicted as she was.

She agreed, and Finn agreed without hesitation.

Actually, for Finn, it was not much of a loss.

He was returning the favor, and since that was the case, he would accept any method.

After they got married, they lived under the same roof for three years.

God knows how she endured their feelings during those three years.

In fact, there were many times when the two of them seemed to live a normal life, and she could not help but want to confirm the marriage.

However, every time when she faced Finn’s cold silhouette, she would return to her shell like a snail.

Even if that were the case every time, she would still have a little expectation.

She always wondered if Finn married her not just to return the favor. Did he also have some lingering feelings for her?

The last time she felt it was no longer possible between them was that night she got herself drunk to set up Fourth Master Swan and Jeanne. After Michael sent her back, Michael actually expressed his feelings for her. He wanted them to start over, but she actually... did not want to.

She wanted to start over with Finn.

Hence, after Finn took care of her in bed that night, she took the initiative.

She thought that if Finn slept with her that night, she would really end things between her and Michael.

However, Finn pushed her away mercilessly that night. Once again, her hopes were dashed.

Later on, Finn confessed to her for no reason. He even told her about his past relationship with Patsy. Although he did not tell her what his relationship with Patsy was, she knew very well that Finn probably did not like Patsy.