Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 430: Monica’s Confesses Her Love

He actually knew that when Monica bumped into him and Patsy, she was very upset. However, she could quickly regulate her emotions and let go of a relationship. She would not let herself dwell on it, unlike him, who would never let go.

That was why he went to look for Monica after three months.

He went to wait for her at the school gate. He did not want to pursue the matter between her and Michael anymore and decided to tell her about his relationship with Patsy.

He admitted that he was deeply involved in the relationship, so he did not want to lose it.

With that, he waited at the gate for a long time until Monica finally showed up.

However, Michael was also there.

The two of them walked out of the school gate hand in hand.

He remembered that he and Monica had never been so close back then.

Of course, he was the one who rejected Monica from getting closer as he believed everything could wait until after they got married.

After all, Monica was still very young that year. She was not even 20 years old, and at that age, she should protect herself well.

As for Monica, she was already so intimate with other men.

He just watched Monica and Michael get in the car before they left.

It turned out that while he was suffering those three months, Monica was already with someone else.

......

He was the one overthinking it.

He was the one who thought the misunderstanding between them could be resolved.

He thought Monica would wait for him.

However, he gave up after that, he

He used his work to numb his feelings and indifference to conceal his broken heart.

If Gary had not taken the initiative to look for him and ask him to marry Monica, he might have forgotten about that woman who had abandoned him.

It was not that he had never thought of rejecting him, nor was it because he wanted to be with Monica again.

Since Monica had cheated on his feelings, he never thought of getting closer to her anymore.

He would rather live his own life.

However, he could not reject Gary’s request.

Gary did not know he was someone the Swans had taken a liking to or that he had been secretly groomed by the Swans. Hence, Gary always thought that he had no one to rely on in the city, and he treated him very well. However, it was not just Gary. Ruby was also very good to him. Even after he broke up with Monica, she still treated him like her own child.

To an orphan, he actually cherished that kind of feeling.

That was why he agreed to Gary, to repay their kindness.

After he agreed, Monica came to look for him, saying they were just in a marriage of convenience to please her parents.

He did not say anything.

Anyway, it was her business whatever she wanted to do. It had nothing to do with him.

Just like that, they got married.

After Monica was “abandoned” by Michael, the two of them quickly received their marriage certificate and got married.

He was not involved in the wedding preparations as it always felt that it was just a process and that Monica would not care.

However, he had to admit that on the day of the wedding, he was a little lost in thought when he saw the wedding dress that Monica had meticulously prepared for herself.

Regardless of whether Monica only wanted to look good at their wedding, she had at least put in a lot of effort, unlike him, who only wanted to deal with it.

He only had one set of clothes for the day.

In fact, on the day before the wedding, the staff sent three sets — one for picking up the bride, one for the ceremony, and one for the banquet.

However, he rejected them all, so he only wore one set of clothes from the beginning to the end.

After a long time, he did not think he mistreated Monica during the wedding. After all, it was only a marriage of convenience. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

It was not until he saw the wedding Edward prepared for Jeanne that he knew how perfunctory he was back then — how perfunctory he was toward Monica even though Monica did not say a word.

After they got married, they lived together.

When Monica came to talk about the marriage of convenience, she very generously asked him if he wanted her to give him some sort of compensation, such as money, fixed assets, and so on.

Those things could ensure that their marriage had no feelings involved.

His answer was that there was no need for compensation. However, after they got married, they had to live alone instead of with Monica’s parents. Moreover, he did not like having many people at home, so other than housekeeping, he did not want other servants to be around.

He was not used to being served.

Monica agreed without even thinking about it.