Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 431: Monica’s Confesses Her Love

Therefore, before they got married, Gary gave him a house. In name, it was for the wedding, but in reality, it was a gift.

After they got married, only the two of them lived in the house as agreed.

However, they did not eat together, and neither did he care where Monica ate.

He thought Monica would often go back to her home to eat as he always felt that Monica was still a child who had not grown up and had to rely on her parents. Even if he saw her ordering takeout occasionally, he always thought it happened only occasionally. He had never thought Monica would eat like that almost every day!

Since he had meals provided at the hospital, he would eat there if it was not too busy. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Although the two of them lived under the same roof for a long period of time, they would turn a blind eye to each other.

At least, he was indifferent to her.

However, Monica had a more cheerful personality, and she probably could not stand the two of them not saying anything, albeit staying under the same roof. She probably was not used to such a lifestyle, so gradually... he could feel that Monica was taking the initiative to approach him. She would take the initiative to talk to him after he got off work and before she went back to her room to sleep. She would also occasionally hitch a ride to work in the morning. That was when they became less like strangers.

Monica’s nightlife was still very wild.

She liked to drink and would often go home drunk. After that, she would mess up the house.

Many times in his memory, he had to clean up the mess for Monica.

Once, Monica was carried home by her friends as she was drunk and unconscious. As such, he went downstairs to get her and carry her home.

That was probably the most intimate moment they had been in their lives since they got married.

......

The kiss on their face on the wedding day did not count.

That night, Monica’s entire body was pressed against his body.

Even after he put her on the bed, Monica still hugged his body and refused to let go.

She kept mumbling, “I don’t want you to leave. I don’t want you to leave...”

At that time, he was moved.

Due to Monica’s words and her getting closer and closer to him, he could feel her soft body moving under his body.

Only then did he realize that he was not indifferent to her. He was just waiting for her.

However, he was still waiting for Monica to approach him and return to his side.

That night, he did not know if Monica was too alluring or if his suppressed love was reignited, but he just kissed her.

Just like that, he pressed himself onto Monica’s body and kissed her lips.

If he did not hear her groggily calling out “Michael” that night, they might be a real married couple by now.

When he heard that name, it felt as if he was suddenly drenched in cold water, putting out the fire of desire in him.

He got up from her body and looked at her lustful expression, her confused eyes, and her rapid breathing.

It turned out he was not the reason she was reacting that way.

He was very calm as he helped her put her clothes back on.

After that, he left.

From then on, when Monica was drunk, he did not care much about her.

However, because they lived together, he would still go downstairs to pick her up when her friends said that she was drunk and unconscious. However, no matter how drunk she was, he would never hug her. He would just hold her arm and try his best not to let her fall and then send her back to her room. It could be said that he was just doing his duty.

After all, she was drunk only because of Michael.

They had been married for three years and lived together for three years, but time could really change a lot.

Although they did not see each other, their relationship was no longer as stiff as before. If not for Michael returning to the country, their relationship would still be the same. Monica would still treat him very normally, and he would also politely accept her normal behavior. The two of them might live together for a long time…

However, Michael’s return really destroyed their lives again.

Monica also seemed to have changed. In fact, she became more proactive toward him.

He did not know if Monica was trying to avoid Michael or something else, but he actually hated it.

He was disgusted about Monica trying to approach him when she was in love with another man.