Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 468: Constantly Seeking Her Own Destruction

Edward and Jeanne chose to take their time to go to Universe Garden.

It had already been more than half an hour since Teddy called for them.

Hence, when they went, everyone who was there to celebrate Old Master Swan’s birthday yesterday was already there, waiting for the “culprit” to arrive.

In fact, they had yet to leave the hall.

As Edward and Jeanne walked in, they heard Belle’s heart-wrenching voice coming from inside. “This is the Swans’ first great-grandson, and he’s gone just like that... She must give us an explanation, or I won’t give up until I die!”

When Jeanne walked in, Edward whispered in her ear, “I’m here.”

Jeanne smiled and nodded. Although she did not need his help, she could not make her husband look bad.

In the main hall, Belle became more agitated the moment she saw them. She pointed at Jeanne’s nose and said, “It’s all because of you. You’re the reason my grandson is gone! You b*tch!”

Jeanne froze.

She looked at Belle coldly and did not say anything as she was quietly observing the current situation.

Kingsley said that when doing anything, one must first pay attention to the surrounding environment, and only then could one do their best to escape unscathed.

At that moment, Old Master Swan sat in the middle seat in the main hall, still as intimidating as ever.

Meanwhile, Wade stood respectfully by Old Master Swan’s side, waiting for Old Master Swan’s instructions.

......

On the left and right side of the sofa were the rest of the Swans. Even Elaine, who did not live in the Swans family’s courtyard, had returned early in the morning. She was probably here to watch the show.

Jeanne took a look at Jasmine, who was sitting in a corner and crying miserably. She looked weak, pitiful, and worn out. Beside her, Eden hugged her tightly in his arms. His face was filled with pain, and it looked like the two of them were extremely loving.

“Jeanne! Why aren’t you saying anything? Are you guilty and admitting it?” Belle questioned Jeanne fiercely.

Jeanne drew her attention back to Belle.

Facing Belle, she said in neither servile nor overbearing manner, “I don’t know what you’re talking about, my sister-in-law.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“How dare you still try to quibble!” Belle’s face was flushed red. It was obvious that she was furious. “Why did you push Jasmine yesterday? Why did you push her? Do you know what Jasmine went through yesterday? She was only two months pregnant, yet she lost her baby. She didn’t manage to keep it...”

As Belle said it, she cried even harder. She looked heartbroken.

In that case, Jasmine’s baby was gone, huh?

Jeanne’s eyes moved slightly.

The fall yesterday was very serious. She could have slipped and lost the baby... but she could not have too.

At least when Eden carried Jasmine in his arms and left yesterday, she did not see any signs of bleeding.

Actually, there was no need to dwell on it.

It did not matter whether Jasmine slipped and lost the baby or not. Since Jasmine had chosen to use that method to scheme against her, the child would not be alive no matter what.

Jasmine was really ruthless, even to herself.

She raised her head and looked at Belle again. “Did you see me, with your own two eyes, push Jasmine?”

“Jasmine was fine, so how did she fall down?” Belle questioned loudly.

“Shouldn’t we be asking Jasmine that?”

“Jeanne, you!” Belle was so angered by Jeanne’s indifference that she started throwing a fit. At that moment, she did not want to waste any more time with Jeanne, so she walked straight toward Old Master Swan, “Dad, you must with this matter. This is the Swans’ first great-grandson. More importantly, we can’t let Jeanne go on like this...”

Old Master Swan glanced at Belle and was indifferent to her hysterical appearance.

He turned to look at Jeanne and said, “Does it have anything to do with you?”

“Dad, no.” Jeanne was very certain.

“Say it again!”Old Master Swan’s tone was very heavy.

It was not a threat but a confirmation.

Jeanne answered very seriously again, “It had nothing to do with me!”

“Okay.” Old Master Swan nodded and then looked at Belle. “In this case, before there’s concrete evidence, I believe that Jeanne didn’t do it–”

“Dad!” Belle could not accept it.

She could not accept Old Master Swan’s favoritism.

“If you have evidence, I will never side with Jeanne,” Old Master Swan said.

What he meant was that if they do not have evidence, they best not spout nonsense and waste his time.

“What evidence do you need? When Jasmine fell, there were only two of them. Could Jeanne have wronged Jasmine?” Belle was obviously dissatisfied with Old Master Swan’s decisions. “They are sisters. Why would Jasmine have wronged Jeanne!”