Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 470: Constantly Seeking Her Own Destruction

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“Jasmine has been married to the family for nearly three months, and before that, she dated Eden for seven years. I know Jasmine’s character very well. She’s not one to cause trouble!” Henry also said, “It’s true that Jasmine did snatch Eden from Jeanne seven years ago. He may have done something immoral, but it’s difficult to distinguish right from wrong in a relationship. We can’t blame Eden or Jasmine. However, although we can understand it, the person involved might not be able to. Having suffered a great grievance seven years ago, it’s only normal that Jeanne might do something out of the norm to take revenge.”

“Big brother.” Jeanne opened her mouth after those family members said a bunch of things about her being in the wrong. She said, “So, you’re saying Jasmine would not do such a thing to stir up trouble because she’s a kind person. In that case, why did Eden insist that Jasmine made him target me everywhere? How do you explain that?”

Henry’s expression changed again, and he glared fiercely at Jeanne.

He found the woman too smart, so much that she could catch any loophole in his words.

Eden quickly said, “Jasmine only did that to protect her younger brother and his rights and interests. Jeanne, can you say that you don’t have other selfish intentions toward Lawrence Enterprise? Can you say that everything you’re doing at the company now is for the Lawrences and not for yourself? According to tradition, Joshua should be the one inheriting Lawrence Enterprise. With you eyeing the company like a tiger eyeing its prey, it’s reasonable for Jasmine to be worried for her younger brother.”

“In any case, it’s always the right thing to do, right?” Jeanne mocked.

“Jeanne, you just can’t stand to see Jasmine living a good life, can you? You think Jasmine stole my heart!” Eden said with certainty. He was certain that Jeanne still had feelings for him.

“Young Master Swan, would you like me to play the recording I played yesterday again for your grandfather?”

“I admit I did have some feelings for you at that time, but that was not because of my feelings for you. It was because I thought you and the child had no one to support you, and I wanted to give you a helping hand. I realized it was my fault for everything that happened that year, so I wanted to make it up to you. However, since you didn’t accept my kindness, I naturally wasn’t happy. That was why I deliberately said those words that I didn’t mean. If you really took it seriously, there was nothing I could do. However, everyone can tell how good my relationship with Jasmine is.”

“I believe in Eden,” Jasmine said weakly. “In fact, Eden told me before that you came back with the child because you wanted to marry Thedus, that good-for-nothing, and he thought we should help you as much as we can, which I supported. Later on, you broke off the engagement with the Lockes and married Fourth Uncle. Seeing that your life was already pretty good, we weren’t worried about you anymore.”

Jeanne looked at Jasmine and her performance with Eden.

In any case, the more powerful the performance, the fiercer the humiliation would be.

Jasmine continued saying, “Just now, you said that I was targeting you at every turn? Sister, I really am not, but there’s no denying that Joshua is also my younger brother. We’re family. He cried and told me that you were doing very well in the Lawrence Enterprise and that your goal was to take Lawrence Enterprise for yourself. Indeed, I always thought the company should be passed down to Joshua. After all, we’re all daughters, and we’d get married sooner or later. What’s more, we’re already married. It’s only right that Joshua should inherit the company. Sister, you can’t eye what belongs to Joshua. It’s not good...”

......

Therefore, they had plotted against her. In the end, it was still her fault for not being magnanimous enough.

Jasmine really was Jenifer’s daughter. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Facing Jasmine, Jeanne asked, “Why did I push you?”

“I don’t know either... Probably...” Jasmine looked at Jeanne, appearing extremely weak.

To everyone, Jasmine would always be the weak one, so Jeanne just waited calmly for Jasmine to speak.

Jasmine said softly, “It’s probably because you think I will be more favored in the family after giving birth to the first great-grandson of the Swans and that it’ll threaten your position–”

“Jasmine, the Swans have so many descendants. What is one more? Only you would be so foolish to think that after giving birth to the children of the Swans, a mother can rely on her children to boost your value.”

“Jeanne!” Belle, who had been quiet by the side for a while, burst out in anger again.