Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 471: Constantly Seeking Her Own Destruction

Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

She called out to Jeanne fiercely.

Her face was filled with displeasure. “What are you still quibbling about? You caused the death of Jasmine’s child, yet at this moment, you’re still making up false rumors? How can you be so mean? Aren’t you afraid karma would get back at you? For your hatred and jealousy towards Jasmine and implicating an innocent fetus, you’ll never live a good life!”

Jeanne’s expression turned grim at that moment.

She thought the family’s performance should end here, so she took a deep breath and was about to speak when suddenly, footsteps came from outside the hall.

Everyone turned around and saw Alexander, Jenifer, and Joshua rushing over.

Jenifer’s eyes were red.

As soon as she walked in, she could not help but burst into tears. “Jasmine, what happened to you? Weren’t you fine yesterday? Why did you say that the child’s gone today? It’s only been a day. How could it be gone...”

Another heart-wrenching cry echoed in the main hall.

At that moment, Old Master Swan’s eyes tensed, and his expression darkened.

When Jasmine saw Jenifer coming, she felt even more aggrieved and threw herself into Jenifer’s arms. The two of them hugged each other and cried as if one of their husbands and the other their father was dead.

Just like that, everyone just watched the performance of a mother and daughter’s bond and them grieving.

“Mom, calm down. Jasmine’s still alive. She just had a miscarriage.” Eden went up to comfort Jenifer.

Only then did Jenifer come back to her senses. She quickly wiped her tears and kept comforting Jasmine, “Jasmine, be good. Don’t cry. You can still get pregnant with another child. There’s still a chance. However… How could you be so careless? The first three months are the most important. You have never been a careless child. How could such an accident happen?”

......

Jasmine was still bawling her eyes out. She looked at Jenifer and then turned to look at Jeanne. Her gaze could not be clearer.

“Was it Jeanne?” Jenifer asked.

Jasmine bit her lips, looking extremely aggrieved, and nodded.

“How dare you!” Jenifer cried out loudly.

After that, she let go of Jasmine and walked toward Jeanne, who simply looked at her.

Jenifer lost control of herself and said, “Jeanne, you know full well how I treated you since you were young. After your mother passed away, I have always treated you as my own daughter and have never owed you anything. At least, before you left home seven years ago, I gave you the best of everything and a good life as the eldest young lady of the family. Regarding the matter between Jasmine and Eden, didn’t I almost beat Jasmine to death for that? Even back then, when your father used to whip you because you were too willful, didn’t I always stop your father from beating you? Now that you’re back, haven’t I tolerated you at every turn? All I hoped for was for you to treat me as your family. However, why did you have to treat Jasmine like this? Even if you hate Jasmine for snatching Eden away, you can’t implicate an Innocent baby...”

Jenifer looked as if she was about to cry her last breath in front of Jeanne.

However, Jeanne was used to it. She was used to Jenifer being a two-faced person.

The latest_epi_sodes are on_the ʟɪʙʀᴇᴀᴅ.ᴄᴏᴍ. website.

“Jeanne! What the hell is going on?” Alexander’s expression was also hideous.

The family naturally came to help Jasmine.

Moreover, from Alexander’s point of view, he definitely hoped that Jasmine would be able to give the Swans children. Only then would Jasmine stabilize her position in the Swans, and the Lawrences would also be able to play up to them. However, now that the child was suddenly gone again, no one in the Lawrences would be able to accept it!

“What’s going on? It’s just a performance by your precious daughter...” Jeanne sneered.

Alexander raised his palm. It was precisely because of Jeanne’s attitude that he wanted to slap her.

Edward’s reaction was quick. Before Jeanne could retaliate, he had grabbed Alexander’s arm fiercely.

Alexander’s eyes narrowed as he looked at Edward.

With a strong push, Edward pushed Alexander away. The force was so strong that Alexander took a few steps back.

“I’ll forget about the past.” Edward’s face was cold. “But in the future, whoever wants to touch her will have to go through me first!”