Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 482: Jasmine’s Video Exposed, and a Slap in the Face

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“Edward and I conceived George seven years ago!” Jeanne calmly told everyone at the scene. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

They all just looked at Jeanne and could not believe what they just heard.

It took a long time before someone reacted.

Elaine was sarcastic. “Jeanne, your lie is flawed. You said you and Edward conceived George seven years ago? Weren’t you dating Eden seven years ago? What on earth are you talking about? You’re full of lies. Do you think we’re idiots? I can still believe it if you said George were yours and Eden’s, but to say George is yours and Edward’s... It’s ridiculous!”

Jeanne glanced at Elaine.

She picked up the phone and dialed a number. “Teddy, bring George over to Universe Garden for a while.”

“Yes.”

With that, Jeanne hung up the phone, not caring about Elaine being sarcastic.

Elaine looked at Jeanne’s calm appearance, and her heart began to pound. She had never thought that George and Edward were related.

Seven years ago, did anything happen between Jeanne and Edward?

It was impossible. Seven years ago, Jeanne and Eden were together.

As such, she turned her head and glared at Eden.

The moment she looked at Eden, she saw his twisted expression. He did not seem to believe that George was Edward’s son either.

......

As his scarlet eyes met Elaine’s gaze, he said, “I didn’t sleep with Jeanne seven years ago. George has nothing to do with me!”

“You didn’t, but Edward did?” Elaine mocked.

Although she was a little upset, her words were still unforgiving.

Then, she turned to look at Edward and said, “Edward, did you sleep with Jeanne seven years ago?”

“Yes,” Edward replied with certainty.

“You both must’ve come up with this earlier!” Elaine did not believe it at all. She said, “You can come up with anything to clear Jeanne’s name! Did you know Jeanne seven years ago? How could you have done that to your nephew seven years ago? Edward, how could you have abandoned your most basic principles for the sake of a woman?”

“I’ve said it before. I did sleep with her!” Edward looked at Elaine and enunciated each word with a cold expression on his face.

Edward did not like to laugh, and although he was young, he gave off an overwhelming sense of oppression.

At that moment, his stern expression made Elaine feel a little afraid.

She gritted her teeth. “Anyway, you’re willing to do anything for Jeanne now, so it’s pointless for me to ask you.”

She still stubbornly refused to believe it.

Jeanne looked coldly at Elaine, who was still lying to herself, and said, “Sister, I don’t need you to tell me whether George is or not, and neither do I have to convince you of it. Technology is very advanced now. A paternity test can explain everything.”

Elaine’s heart skipped a beat because of Jeanne’s confident tone.

Even if she did not believe it or think it was possible, at that moment, she believed it because of Jeanne’s tone.

She gritted her teeth and tried her best to stop herself from having a mental breakdown. Hence, she still maintained her stance of not believing them and looked at Jeanne coldly.

The Universe Garden’s main room was a little quiet.

Most of them were still absorbing what Jeanne had said, saying that George was Edward’s son!

No one had ever thought of such a possibility.

They had never heard about Jeanne and Edward being in a relationship seven years ago.

If there was, would Jeanne have been chased out of the Lawrences? Would she have been chased out of Harken?

At that time, Edward could have protected Jeanne. There was no need for Jeanne to suffer so much!

No. It was definitely fake.

Eden looked at Jeanne with a ferocious expression.

Back then, he could not even touch a single hair on Jeanne’s head, so there was no way she would have climbed into his Fourth Uncle’s bed. He did not believe it!

Furthermore, he could not accept it!

He could tolerate Jeanne being together with his Fourth Uncle seven years later, but he definitely could not tolerate Jeanne betraying him seven years ago!

That was his greatest humiliation.

However, he could only suppress his emotions and his urge to kill her now.

Naturally, Jasmine was as angry as him. Jasmine did not and did not want to believe it either.

How could Jeanne have had a relationship with Fourth Master Swan seven years ago? If she did, how could she have been chased out of the Lawrences? As long as Fourth Master Swan put in a good word for Jeanne back then, Alexander would not dare to touch a single hair on Jeanne’s head. However, from when Jeanne was whipped and sent to the hospital towhen she was sent abroad, Fourth Master Swan never showed up!