Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 484: Jasmine’s Video Exposed, and a Slap in the Face

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Elaine looked at her fiercely.

Jeanne was extremely sarcastic. “I originally thought that Jenifer was the best performer in the world, but now I realize that I know nothing. There’s always someone better than her! And some people can really twist things around!”

“Jeanne, that’s enough!” Elaine roared at Jeanne, “Everything I say is logical! Isn’t it natural for you to make up some stories with Edward in order to clear your name? Doesn’t everyone know Edward’s authority in Harken? What’s wrong with me suspecting that George isn’t yours and Edward’s child?”

Jeanne glanced coldly at Elaine and then turned around to face George.

George furrowed his small brows. He still could not figure out what was happening.

Jeanne said, “George, take off your glasses.”

“Didn’t you say I can’t take them off in front of outsiders?”

“What I meant was that you can’t take them off without my permission.” Jeanne smiled.

George thought for a moment before nodding and taking off his glasses obediently.

Under his glasses, there was a pair of bright and large back eyes.

He blinked as he looked at Jeanne and then at the others.

At that moment, Elaine swallowed the words she was about to say.

George was originally wearing a pair of black-rimmed glasses, which were so big that they almost covered half of his face. Moreover, George’s hair used to be a little longer and even covered his eyebrows. Today, his hair seemed to have been cut a lot shorter, exposing his forehead a little. After taking off the glasses, he suddenly looked like a different person. He was completely different from the previous George, who wore glasses.

......

The previous George looked dull and dumb, but the current George looked distinctly handsome.

Did the pair of glasses make him look ordinary, or did it stop him from shining?

George’s current appearance was even a little blinding.

No average person could compare to his good looks!

Teddy, who was at the side, could not help but exclaim, “Young Master is so handsome!”

He was so handsome that he looked somewhat familiar. Why did he think that George was ordinary back then? He was indeed blind!

Teddy was not the only one. Everyone was also flabbergasted by George’s appearance.

They stared at George’s facial features and found themselves speechless.

Of course, it was not because George was good-looking, but because after taking off his glasses, George looked exactly like Edward.

Jeanne was also very annoyed.

She could not understand and was even a little angry at why Edward’s genes were so strong. In fact, she could not see it when George was a newborn. However, as George grew up, he started to look more and more like Edward, so she could only hide his face with a pair of glasses. She tried her best to choose from a bunch of glasses for George, and only this pair hid George’s original appearance.

However, now, she still allowed him to take it off in front of everyone in the Swans. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

She turned to Elaine. “Sister, do you suspect that I had plastic surgery done for George?”

Elaine looked at Jeanne. At that moment, she did not know what to say because she would only humiliate herself.

Well, she had to acknowledge George now!

Her face twisted in anger as she glared at Jeanne.

Jeanne did not waste too much time either. She looked at the others and said, “Does anyone else have any objections?”

Since Edward and George had such similar faces, what else could they say?

Moreover, the people of the Swans, especially Henry, Elaine, and Richard, including their wives, had practically watched Edward grow up. They still remember what Edward looked like when he was young, and the image they remembered of young Edward was the same as George’s.

George looked exactly like when Edward was a child!

They looked so similar, yet how did they not pick it up at all? They really could not tell with those glasses on George!

If they had known earlier, they would not have humiliated themselves.

With that, everyone stopped talking because they had nothing to say.

At that moment, only Jenifer looked surprised and said, “Jeannie, why didn’t you tell us earlier that George is Fourth Master’s child? Then, we wouldn’t have misunderstood you and said that the child was another man’s. Look at how much damage it has done to your reputation!”

She was patronizing Jeanne.

Jeanne laughed sarcastically.

Jenifer’s greatest ability was to be able to give herself a perfect excuse at any time.