Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 485: Jasmine’s Video Exposed, and a Slap in the Face

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

It was a pity she did not appreciate it.

Without so much as batting an eye at Jenifer, she said to Elaine, “Sister, if I remember correctly, you just said that if I had Edward’s son, you would believe I had nothing to do with Jasmine’s miscarriage.”

Elaine looked at Jeanne fiercely.

Then, she opened her mouth but did not know what to say. She said in a bad tone, “Just spit it out!”

“Sister, I hope you can answer me directly.” Jeanne forced her to answer.

Elaine’s expression was horrendous.

Nevertheless, Jeanne did not give Elaine a way out either. She just stared at Elaine and waited for her answer.

No one had ever forced Elaine’s hand to such an extent.

Not only did the girl humiliate her at the senior management meeting yesterday but in front of so many of the Swans today as well.

The more she said just now, the more embarrassed she was now.

She gritted her teeth. “Yes, I believe Jasmine’s miscarriage has nothing to do with you!”

“So next, when I clear my name, you’ll shut up, right?”

Elaine’s entire face twisted in anger. However, she suppressed it and tacitly agreed.

......

Jeanne smiled smugly.

At that moment, Elaine really wanted to tear Jeanne’s face off.

However, because of what she said just now, she had nothing to say. Besides, she would make a fool out of herself again.

Therefore, she simply looked at Jeanne coldly.

Jeanne’s gaze was on Jasmine at that moment, and she said, “Jasmine, didn’t you say I was jealous of you because I couldn’t give birth to a son of the Swans? And that was why I pushed you and caused you to have a miscarriage?”

“It was just a guess.”Jasmine was frightened by Jeanne’s gaze.

She really did not expect George to be the son of Fourth Master Swan.

Now, she was a little flustered, but she still acted pitifully. “I don’t know why you attacked me, and that was why I thought of that. Actually, I’m curious as to why you would do that to me. Is it because I stole Eden back then, and you want to take revenge on me? If you wanted to take revenge on me, you should’ve done it on me. Why did you have to take revenge on my child? He’s innocent...” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

As she spoke, her tears started to fall again.

Jeanne looked at Jasmine coldly and how pitiful the latter made herself seem.

She said, “Jasmine, I’m giving you one last chance. Tell everyone. How did you lose the child?”

Jasmine was stunned as she looked at Jeanne’s cold eyes.

At that moment, it was as if she had been frightened by Jeanne and that Jeanne had evidence to prove that she had not done such a thing.

Her heart wavered.

At that moment, she definitely did not dare to admit that she had fallen and framed Jeanne. If she did, she would definitely have no place in the Swans in the future and would even be kicked out of the family. However, if she were to clash head-on with Jeanne now, she had a feeling that Jeanne would be able to expose her plot.

She weighed the pros and cons before falling into Eden’s arms and said, “Eden, my head feels dizzy, I’m so upset, and I feel terrible. Let’s go. I don’t want to care about it anymore. Let’s take it as if I fell down by myself and that I caused everything. I don’t want to blame anyone. In the end, it was also my fault for being careless. In the end, it was my fault...”

It turned out Jasmine was smart enough to let that matter pass.

Jeanne looked at Jasmine and then at Eden, who was hugging her.

He nodded, “Alright, let’s go. In any case, we can’t win against her. She has Fourth Uncle’s child now, so she can flaunt her power even more in the family. No one will believe us no matter what we say, so it’s better not to embarrass ourselves here,” Eden mocked.

As he mocked, he wanted to leave with Jasmine.

“Stop!” Jeanne’s tone was stern.

Eden and Jasmine both turned their heads and glared at Jeanne.

Jeanne said, “Did I say you could go?”

“Jeanne!” Eden was furious, “What else do you want? We don’t care anymore. Don’t take advantage of us and pretend to be the good guy. I did it because you really did give birth to my Fourth Uncle’s child, and I don’t want to ruin our relationship!”

“Sister, we’ve compromised. Why are you still so aggressive? Do you really want me to admit that I fell on my own? Okay.” Jasmine said pitifully, “I admit that I fell on my own. I fell by accident. It has nothing to do with you.”