Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 492: Jasmine’s Tragic Downfall

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

When Eden heard that, he was furious. He had never thought Jasmine would cuckold him one day and make him lose his ego as a man!

With that, he narrowed his eyes and glared at Jasmine.

He had no feelings for that woman, to begin with, so at that moment, there was only cruelty in his eyes.

Meanwhile, Elaine was still fanning the flames. “Eden, even I feel sorry for you for dumping such a capable Jeanne back then and choosing to be with Jasmine. To be honest, I already thought Jasmine was useless back then. However, seeing that you liked Jasmine so much, and she looked pure and innocent, I thought she would dote on you and take care of you. Moreover, she’s not one to speak much. Yet now… It seems like you can’t judge a book by its cover. Some people may look pitiful, but deep down, they’re nothing but slutty. Though, it’s no wonder she’s like that since her mother is such a person. How much better can the daughter be?”

Elaine’s sarcasm was even more blatant.

It was also because she had suffered enough today. If she did not vent her anger, she would burst.

Jenifer gritted her teeth secretly, enduring Elaine ridiculing her.

It had been a long time since she was pointed at and called a mistress like that.

She had that title for many years, but she finally tore off the label of being a mistress after she grew older. Now, because of Jasmine, she was called that again.

“Eden, don’t take it too hard either. It’s not worth getting yourself angry over a b*tch like that.” Elaine pretended to be kind. Now that she had made the situation even worse and more intense, she waved her hand. “Well, this is your family’s business, and I won’t say much. After all, you should solve such a shameful issue yourself.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Elaine left with her husband, Lance Owens, who had never had any right to speak in the Swans.

As a result, only Henry’s and Alexander’s families were left.

The two-in-laws… were probably not two-in-laws anymore.

......

Henry did not even look at Alexander at that moment. Deep down, he had never taken Alexander seriously, so he said to Eden fiercely, “Take Jasmine back!”

It was not hard to detect the harshness in his tone.

Eden’s face turned cold, and he walked over, where he yanked Jasmine along with him.

The force was so strong that Jasmine almost fell to the ground.

She staggered two steps, but Eden had no intention of supporting her. He just grabbed her arm hard, so hard that she cried from the pain.

Now, everything had fallen apart. Faced with Eden’s unconcealable rage, Jasmine was really afraid.

She could not go with Eden because she knew very well that if she did, only death awaited her.

Eden would torture her in different ways.

No.

At the thought of what she might face next, she resisted like a madwoman and said, “Let me go, Eden! Let me go. I won’t go with you. I won’t!”

Eden’s expression darkened. The way he pulled Jasmine crazily made him look even more ferocious.

“No, no. Let go of me...” Jasmine cried out in fear. When she turned to look at Alexander and saw that they were not reacting to it at all, she cried out crazily, “Dad! Dad, save me. Save me. If I go back with Eden, I will definitely be beaten to death. Dad, save me. I beg you to save me. Don’t let me go with Eden., I beg you...”

Alexander’s expression changed a little.

After all, Jasmine was his daughter whom he had doted on for more than 20 years, and she had been fawning over him all these years. Deep down, he still regarded Jasmine as his daughter. Hence, he could not bear to see her so frightened.

He opened his mouth and was about to say something when Jenifer pulled him back.

Alexander turned to look at Jenifer, who said, “This is Jasmine’s fault. Now that Jasmine is the daughter-in-law of the Swans, the Swans should be the ones to punish Jasmine. We can’t interfere!”

Jasmine did not expect Jenifer to say those words.

Were they going to let her die in the Swans?

She had always thought that no matter how much her mother acted based on benefits, the latter would not be so cruel to her daughter.

All these years, Jasmine had always listened to Jenifer. Whatever her mother said, she would do, thinking that her mother would never treat her like that.

Her ferocious appearance looked tragic as she shouted, “Mom! Mom, you can’t treat me like this. You can’t treat your biological daughter like this. I’ve always listened to you, so you can’t ignore me like this. Mom, Mom–”