Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 501: Father and Son “Reunited”

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“I don’t know who to discuss it with. The only person I trust is you.”

“You talk about your matters first.” Michael did not give any promises because of Eden’s “confession.” The man had always done things meticulously and thoroughly. He would never do anything that he was not sure about.

However, Eden was glad that he and Michael had become friends.

Eden said, “My Fourth Uncle and Jeanne have chased me out of Swan Enterprise.”

“What happened?” Michael did not sound happy.

In fact, Michael and Eden’s relationship was based on the fact that Michael saw some use in Eden.

Moreover, he was also in a precarious situation now.

His father’s illness was getting increasingly worse, and the doctor said it was only a matter of days before his father died. However, he still could not stabilize his power in the political scene. Once his father passed away, those people eyeing his position would become restless. If he was not careful, his career would be ruined. The only one who could give him protection was Harken’s president, but the president could not help him unconditionally. Emotions were the least important in politics. Naturally, he could get the president’s protection because he was valuable, and if he wanted to be valuable, he had to grow his power and rope Eden in. At least he would have a member of the Swans. Once the president wanted to do something to the Swans, he would have someone on the inside!

His plan was excellent, but he did not expect Eden to fail repeatedly.

Was it because he had overestimated Eden or because Fourth Master Swan and Jeanne were too powerful?

He held his phone tightly and listened to Eden explain the whole sequence of events.

Eden even told Michael about how he framed Jeanne and how Jasmine had cuckolded him.

In fact, Eden was smart. He told Michael all the embarrassing things about himself to let Michael know that he trusted him.

......

Only because of trust would there be greater benefits.

Michael listened to Eden’s stories and kept silent for a while before saying, “I’ve warned you not to fight with Jeanne for now. Before you know about the woman’s background, you can’t act rashly. Melody is the perfect example, yet you’re still stubborn about it.”

“I’m serious. I can’t watch Jeanne show off in front of me.”

“It’s not that you can’t watch her show off, but you just can’t accept that she is living a better life after you both separated. You just can’t accept the fact that Jeanne doesn’t love you anymore, and you still want her to return to your side!” Michael hit the nail on the head.

Eden gritted his teeth.

That was right. He could not accept that Jeanne was living a better life after they separated.

He still wanted Jeanne!

Seven years ago, he gave Jeanne a punishment because of her arrogance, and the pleasure of the punishment caused him to forget about liking that woman for some time. If she did not return, perhaps he would not have that thought. However, Jeanne returned and expressed her dislike toward him, while he, on the contrary, had fallen for her again!

That kind of hatred and love made him mad.

“Since you want Jeanne to return to your side, and you know you can’t deal with Jeanne using your means now, put away all of your anger and revenge and show Jeanne your vulnerability.” Michael made his point clear. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

For a second, Eden thought he heard wrong. He said, “You want me to show vulnerability to Jeanne?”

“Just admit to her that you regret it and that you love her very much, which was why you did all this! But now, after Jasmine’s incident, you’ve thought it through, and you don’t want to do things that hurt others and yourself anymore. You know you were wrong,” Michael said confidently.

Eden’s hand that was holding the phone was trembling.

“If you do this, Jeanne might not believe you. But if you keep doing this, at least she won’t deliberately make things difficult for you.” Michael said, “If you want to survive in this world, you have to be flexible. Once Jeanne lets go of her grudge against you, you can do many things. However, if you stay enemies with her, at least while your Fourth Uncle is still in charge of the Swans, nothing good would come out of it!”

Eden gritted his teeth. He did not want to agree, and he also felt that he could not accept it.

“Eden, do you know my current situation?” Michael suddenly asked him.

Eden was stunned.

Michael did not hide it because he knew that to Eden, he was the last person who could save him. Therefore, there was no way Eden would abandon him and harm him, so he could tell Eden many things. “My father might die in the next two days, but 80% of the people in the political world already want to see our family’s downfall. If I fall, I will die, and my family will die. Therefore, I’m not as glamorous as you think. I, too, will compromise my dignity and do some things to please others! While alive, all we need to do is know our goals and achieve them. The process isn’t so important, and not many will care.”