Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 502: Father and Son “Reunited”

Eden was a little surprised.

He did not expect that Michael, who was born into such an influential and powerful family, would also do things he could not help himself from doing and would be forced to sell his dignity.

“Eden, I won’t say much else. Everything is up to you, and I don’t think I can help you much as I also have a very troublesome matter to deal with now.”

“What is it?” Eden asked.

“I won’t trouble you for the time being,” Michael declined tactfully.

Eden frowned. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Believe me and do as I say. If you really can’t lower your dignity, I’ll respect your decision.” After that, Michael hung up the call.

He really had no power to help Eden now.

Even if he did not want to see Eden so down, if Eden still insisted on going his own way, he did not need to waste time on the man.

With that, he thought about something else.

The doctor said that his father might die in the next few days. Once his father passed away and the news of it was exposed, it would not be safe for his family.

Even if the president said he would protect the Rosses, Eden had to be useful to the president.

However, the president called him yesterday to ask how he and the Cardellinis were doing!

......

Since the plan with the Swans had failed, they naturally had to start somewhere else.

If he told the president that he and Monica had broken up, he would mess up the first task the president gave him. No matter how outstanding he was, his career would be done for if he did mess it up. Therefore, he had to complete the task. There was no excuse and no way out.

Deep in his heart, he did not want to drag Monica into the political battle, but now...

Since Monica had chosen to abandon him, he did not need to be merciful to her!

His eyes narrowed, and a hint of cruelness flashed past.

The woman who had been “thought of” was currently lying sweetly in Finn’s arms, sound asleep.

Monica did not know when she started to develop the habit of taking an afternoon nap, for she had never taken one before that.

At work, she would use her afternoon rest time to play games.

However, ever since she had been sleeping with Finn, she somehow loved the bed very much.

No. She was just lusting after a certain someone’s body.

She slept comfortably, with no idea how many people were watching her sleep in such an undignified manner.

In the ward, Finn was reading the medical report his assistant doctor had brought him. A few other assistant doctors were standing beside the assistant doctor and were all waiting respectfully for Finn’s instructions.

The ward was very quiet.

All of them watched quietly as Mrs. Jones hugged Dr. Jones like an octopus. Even her saliva was dribbling onto Dr. Jones’s hospital gown.

Everyone who worked with Dr. Jones knew he was an extreme germaphobe.

Finn looked at the reports for a long time before saying, “Let’s not consider the surgery for now. Communicate with the patient and the patient’s family and tell them not to stress. There’s no need for heart surgery yet. Moreover, the risk of heart surgery is very high, and the sequelae are also very big. If there’s a rebound, the consequences will be worse. So, unless it’s absolutely necessary, don’t do it.”

“Yes,” the assistant doctor quickly agreed.

“Send me reports about the patient’s hospitalization condition during this period of time. Conservative treatment is only one method right now, but it doesn’t mean it will be successful. Once a problem arises, we must immediately carry out the surgery.”

“Yes.”

“According to my current recovery, I can’t go into the operating theatre for at least three months, so don’t wait for me to come back and perform the many surgeries in our department. You can handle some minor surgeries on your own, but you have to communicate with the family and the patient.”

“But many family members and patients specifically request for you. We can’t do anything about it.” The assistant doctor was put in a difficult position.

Dr. Jones had not performed any surgeries for two weeks since he was away and had not received jobs for any minor surgeries either.

It was as if everyone knew that Dr. Jones was sick. There were also very few outpatients.

“What if I don’t work in the hospital one day?”

“In that case, the hospital will probably lose half of its income,” the assistant said bluntly.

Finn looked at him, speechless.

“Okay. I’ll try my best to assign the surgeries to the other doctors. We’ll do the work,” the assistant said respectfully.

“Is there anything else?”

“No.”

“If there’s nothing else, why aren’t you going back to work?” Finn raised his eyebrows.

“Yes,” the assistant immediately replied.

In fact, Dr. Jones was a nice person, but he was very strict and even overly harsh when it came to working.

With that, the doctors left the ward.

The assistant doctor could not help but turn around to take a look. He just wanted to confirm how far Mrs. Jones could take it with Dr. Jones.

When he was reporting his work, he even saw Mrs. Jones’s hand reaching into Dr. Jones’s hospital gown.

He always thought Dr. Jones would not allow Mrs. Jones to do whatever she wanted in front of everyone.

However, he… acquiesced.

At that moment, he even saw Dr. Jones kissing Mrs. Jones on the forehead.

He really doted on her.

Fine. He would go back and tell the nurses in his department that they should not even think about Dr. Jones getting a divorce.

It was impossible!