Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 583: Monica and Finn’s Relationship Ended A Long Time Ago!

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“I’ll go,” Monica suddenly agreed.

“It’s fine, really.”

“Will your final election result be better if I go?”

Michael nodded slowly.

“Then, I’ll go,” Monica said. “I’m here to help you anyway.”

Michael smiled. “Thank you.”

Monica also replied with a faint smile.

“Rest early.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Okay, be careful on your way home.”

After that, Monica closed the door.

Michael looked at the tightly shut door and turned to leave. At that moment, his expression changed.

Monica was so eager to help him because she wanted to quickly return to Finn’s embrace after helping him!

A cold smile tugged at the corner of Michael’s mouth.

Monica would never have thought that after she made the decision, it would be impossible for her and Finn to be together again.

Whether it was because Finn had already let go of her or because he had no intention of letting Monica leave him, Monica and Finn’s relationship ended a long time ago!

..

In Bamboo Garden, Jeanne, who was lying on the big bed, could not help but toss and turn a little.

She had grown used to Edward’s body touching hers every night... However, without him tonight, it suddenly felt a little lonely and cold.

She crossed her long legs.

It turned out that humans not only kept memories in their brains but in their bodies too.

She picked up her phone and looked at the time. It was already 11 p.m.

At this time, was Edward asleep?

She decided to ignore that thought and dial the number directly.

The call only rang once. Jeanne even had a feeling that the other party picked up right after the call got through.

That guy was clearly waiting for her call.

“Are you finding it hard to sleep?” Edward asked.

The familiar voice somehow warmed her heart.

Jeanne did not deny it and replied, “Yes.”

“It just so happens that I can’t sleep either,” Edward said.

“We can talk.”

“How was dinner at the Lawrences today?” Edward had already started chatting.

“It was alright.” Jeanne did not say much.

“If you don’t go home for dinner in the future, remember to inform Teddy.” Edward did not ask any further and changed the topic.

“Hm?”

“Teddy said he prepared dinner for you and thought it was a pity you didn’t go home for dinner.”

Jeanne was a little speechless. “He complains?”

“It’s not his fault. I told him to report to me when you arrive home, and he just said it casually.”

“Report to you when I arrive home?” Jeanne frowned.

“For example, not coming home on time, not having dinner at home, not coming home at night… Teddy will tell me everything.” Edward listed out all the examples.

“You don’t trust me?” Not coming home at night?

“No. I’m just worried about your safety, Jeannie.”

Who would believe his nonsense?

“Jeannie,” Edward suddenly called out to her.

His voice sounded really seductive.

Jeanne even felt that at this moment, Edward was using her voice to... seduce her.

Her heart started to pound.

“I miss you so much.”

Her heartbeat was still beating very fast.

“It’s getting late. Rest early,” Edward reminded her.

“You, too.”

“Wait for me to come back.”

“Okay.”

“Good night.”

“Good night.”

“Hang up.”

“You hang up too.”

“You hang up first.”

“I want to hear your voice again.”

Jeanne was speechless. It seemed like the call would not end, and the two of them continued to chat on the phone.

It was just like when they were at the age when they first fell in love, doing the most childish things, unable to part with each other.

That night, Jeanne fell asleep with her phone in her arms.

A night passed, and the phone was still ringing.

Jeanne did not know how she fell asleep last night. However, when she woke up and saw that the call was still connected, she was shocked.

She quickly picked up the phone and called out softly, “Edward.”

She only called out tentatively.

If he did not wake up, she would hang up the call and wash up.

After hearing her voice, the person on the other end of the call replied, “Good morning.”

“...Did you not sleep?”

“With the sound of your breathing by my ears, it was so seductive I couldn’t sleep.”

If someone seduced her early in the morning, she would find it hard to fall asleep as well.

“It turns out you snore when you sleep.”

“Impossible!” Jeanne did not believe it.

“I happened to record it. Do you want to listen to it?”

“...”

“I lied to you.” Edward smiled. He was deliberately teasing her.

This damned person!

Was it fun to tease her?

“However, you do breathe heavily.” Edward then muttered, “It’s the same as that time.”

When was that time?

It took a second before she suddenly realized.

“Edward, you stinky beast!”

The person on the other end of the call laughed out loud.