Chapter 587: Big Shots Showing Up One After Another: Jeanne, I Know Your Identity!

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

It was unlike her and Michael right now.

It seemed like... the situation was becoming more and more difficult to control.

Once the car arrived at Monica’s apartment’s underground car park, Monica opened the car door, and Michael followed her out.

Monica had not removed her cast yet, so it was still hard for her to walk. Thus, when Michael was by her side, he would take care of her and even become her “crutch.”. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

However, Monica rejected Michael’s approach today.

Michael looked at Monica in surprise. “What’s wrong?”

He smiled plainly as if he was not aware of Monica’s emotions.

At that moment, Michael made Monica feel as though she was being petty for judging a gentleman.

As such, she pursed her lips while regulating her emotions.

She said, “You still have a lot of things to do, and I don’t want to take up too much of your time. I’ll just take the elevator up myself.”

“I’m not very busy,” Michael said. “And no matter how busy I am, it’s just a few minutes.”

As he said that, he took the initiative to support Monica.

This time, she did not push him away. Instead, she followed Michael and walked steadily to the elevator.

When they arrived at her door, she said, “Thank you. You should head back earlier.”

“I’ll leave after you go in.” Michael smiled.

He had always looked like a gentleman.

Monica forced a smile back. Then, she verified her fingerprint, and the door opened.

The moment she entered, Monica finally mustered her courage as she had been wanting to say something since they were in the hall and on the car ride home. She turned around and suddenly said to Michael, “Can we reduce such public events in the future?”

The public event she was talking about was naturally about her accompanying him to put on a show, like they were in love, in front of outsiders.

Michael had an apologetic look on his face. “I’m sorry for making things difficult for you today.”

“I just think that too many people are paying attention to us now, and it’ll be very difficult for us to separate in the future.”

Michael nodded as if he agreed with her point of view.

He sighed. “Actually, today’s action was requested by the higher-ups. Right now, everyone’s attention on politics is too low. So, in hopes of getting more people’s attention, they wanted me to create some buzz.”

Monica smiled. “I’m not blaming you. I just think now that your career is stable, we can reduce the hype between us. Eventually, everyone will pay attention to your career achievements and less of us, and our relationship will fade...”

“Okay,” Michael agreed immediately.

Monica breathed a sigh of relief and said, “In that case, go and do whatever you need to do. I’m heading in.”

In response, Michael nodded with a smile, and Monica walked into her apartment before closing the door.

Monica did not mention anything about letting him in, and her rejection of him was becoming more and more obvious.

Michael’s expression turned grim.

Did Monica really think that she would be able to return to Finn’s side after helping him?

As long as he controlled the media, his relationship with Monica would never “fade”. Monica would never have the chance to escape unscathed!

He sat in his car.

It was true. He did have a lot of things to do, and to him, love was far less important than his career.

He lowered his head and looked at his phone that had suddenly rang.

With a deep breath, he calmed down and picked up the call. “President.”

“I watched your speech today. It was very good.” The person at the other end of the call praised him.

“Thank you, President.”

“You are much more capable than being a mere director of the quality inspection department. You have great potential to go further. You’re the only one I think most highly of among the many administrative personnel in the Sanders.”

“I will try my best to make you proud.”

“My plan for you is to return to the internal affairs department in a year’s time. Then, you will be the closest to my position.” The other party was giving him a huge bonus.

Even though Michael was such a controlled person, he could not hide his joy.

“I will work harder.”

“Hard work alone is not enough. You need an opportunity.” The other party was implying something.

“Please point the way, President.”

“Meritorious service.” He said bluntly, “Only by meritorious service can you rise up in a legitimate way. Then, no one will say that I’m favoring you!”

Michael held his phone tightly. He knew that the other party was implying something, so he waited and observed the situation.