Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

 

Chapter 589 Big Shots Showing Up One After Another: Jeanne, I Know Your Identity!

She was not only worried about Monica's future happiness.

In fact, she thought it was pretty strange that the news regarding Monica and Michael's news had been so popular. No matter how influential ordinary people were, they could never be as popular as famous celebrities. Yet, every time there was news about Monica and Michael, it would beat the rest of the news and rise to the top of the trending searches. Not even the younger celebrities could catch up to them!

There must be something fishy behind it all! Someone must be adding fuel to the fire! Could Michael be deliberately creating hype? The answer was obvious.

For centuries, history has shown that natural selection was the natural law of things. It meant that whoever could adapt to the world would live a better life.

In other words, they would make decisions and actions that guided them to how they wanted to live, and the person with the greatest benefit in this matter was Michael.

Not only would he gain fame, but he would also be able to force Monica and him to be together forever.

Jeanne could see that.

Michael truly liked Monica, so it was only natural for him to play some tricks. However, what she was uncertain about was whether Michael purely liked Monica for who she was.

The situation had not yet developed to a certain extent, so she did not think too much about it. When Michael was in trouble, Monica chose to sacrifice her marriage to help Michael. Even though Jeanne thought Michael was despicable for accepting it, it was inevitable for Michael to do so for his own career. However, now that there was no need to show off their feelings for each other, Michael became more aggressive in his actions, like he was determined to keep Monica with him.

She did not doubt how much Michael loved Monica, but she refused to believe that a person in politics could love so purely and not care about his own career so much.

Michael clearly had more choices.

He could have chosen the princess of the Sanders, who had a higher status than Monica and was more beneficial to him.

The president had five children — two boys and three girls.

Melody was the third child and had an elder sister, Quinn Sanders, who was the second child. She was only one year older than Melody and was engaged but not yet married. She also had a younger sister, Stacey Sanders, who was three years younger than Melody and was the youngest in the family. Those two people could be good partner candidates for Michael. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Yet, he let those two princesses go and expressed his deep love for Monica in front of the media.

Such an act not only broke off Monica's and Finn's marriage but also Michael's path to becoming the Prince Consort.

Was it really because he loved Monica very much? Or... was it because Monica could bring him benefits? What benefits could Monica give him? At that thought, Jeanne shuddered. Monica had gone against everyone for Michael. If Michael lied to Monica, she could not imagine how devastated Monica would be! Then, perhaps not everyone around her would give up on her. Rather, she would give up on everyone around her, including herself. Jeanne was a little uneasy. After seriously analyzing the matter between Michael and Monica, she had no choke but to prepare for the worst.

She gritted her teeth, picked up the phone, and was about to make a call when the phone suddenly rang.

Jeanne was stunned for a second before she picked it up. Some of the servants in the Lawrence family's manor have left," Kingsley said. "What do you mean?"

"1 heard the servants were given two days off for their hard work. Only one or two of them were left behind to cook"

"You mean that Alexander is planning his actions in advance." "That's right." "Have the cameras been installed?" Jeanne asked. "Of course." "If not today, tomorrow." "Are you really going to watch Alexander murder Jonathan?" Kingsley asked probingly. "Why can't I watch?" "Your mother once said she didn't want you to follow in her footsteps." Kingsley suddenly sounded emotional. Every time he did the cruelest things, he would suddenly feel emotional as if he had discovered his conscience. Jeanne had experienced it too many times and was already indifferent to it. She said, "The truth is, you still allowed me to follow in her footsteps." "I'm ashamed of myself." "You can dig a hole to bury yourself and go meet my mother to repent." There was no way she could have a pleasant conversation with him on that subject. "You don't have to worry." Jeanne suddenly changed the topic..

 