Chapter 599: Jonathan’s Fate, The Cold-blooded Lawrence Family

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

She could stay calm in the face of anything.

The appearance of the two of them attracted the attention of some people.

Most turned their heads to look at them, watching as they walked toward the middle, where Alexander, Jenifer, and Joshua stood, all dressed in mourning clothes.

They were entertaining the guests and mourning at the same time.

Jeanne had just walked over when Alexander’s pained expression twisted in anger.

Then, he slapped Jeanne hard on the face.

In the quiet space, the slap was exceptionally loud.

Monica was shocked. Not caring that her feet were still in a cast, she rushed forward to protect Jeanne. “Alexander, what are you doing?”

However, Jeanne sneered.

It turned out Alexander was doing all of that, making such a big scene out of it, just to put on an act. His motive was probably to drive her out of Lawrence Enterprise reasonably!

She pulled Monica behind her.

Monica had a valiant look on her face. She looked like an old hen who would fight with anyone who wanted to touch Jeanne to protect her young.

That woman was clearly weak, yet every time something happened to Jeanne, she would become fearless.

In this world, only Monica could make her emotional, a different kind than Kingsley, George, and even Edward.

She said to Monica in a low voice, “I’m fine.”

Monica was most afraid of hearing Jeanne say that. She always felt that Jeanne said that so as to not make others worry and because Jeanne was considerate to others.

Jeanne, on the other hand, was sometimes speechless at Monica’s naivety. It was that naivety that led Monica to trust someone like Michael so much.

Her eyes moved to look at the indignant Alexander in front of her.

On top of the slap he had given her for breaking up the engagement with the Lockes, Alexander had slapped her twice, and she would definitely return the two slaps to him!

Alexander continued to accuse Jeanne, “How dare you have the cheek to come back to see your grandfather? If you hadn’t quarreled with your grandfather tonight, perhaps he wouldn’t have been so angry that he fell down the stairs!”

To be honest, she was not surprised to hear Alexander accusing her of pushing Jonathan down the stairs. He might as well take this opportunity to make her sound evil.

Jeanne still kept Monica behind her as she looked at Alexander and threatened, “Dad, you best watch what you say.”

Her tone was cold.

However, Alexander pretended not to hear it.

“If I knew dad couldn’t sleep because of his argument with you, I would’ve stayed with him! Then, he wouldn’t have gotten out of bed to take a walk and accidentally fell down from the second floor! The lights at home were dim, to begin with...” The more Jonathan spoke, the more upset he sounded. He shouted at Jeanne angrily, “Your grandfather’s death is definitely your fault!”

The gazes of many people in the surroundings were all on them.

At that moment, because of what Alexander said, they started to whisper among themselves.

“So Old Master Lawrence’s death is related to Jeanne.”

“How evil. Old Master Lawrence was so old. Why was Jeanne arguing with him?”

“I heard Old Master Lawrence treated Jeanne well. Back then, he was trying to make up for chasing Jeanne out of the house that year.”

“Some people really don’t know any better.”

…

A lot of people were gossiping around them, and it made Monica furious when she heard it.

It was clear that they were saying those words intentionally to Jeanne.

She shouted at everyone, “What nonsense are you all spouting? All of you, shut up!”

Actually, Monica still had some authority. After all, she was in a relationship with Michael now.

Everyone knew that Michael’s career was limitless, so everyone still treated Monica with some respect.

At that moment, the hall became a little quieter.

Seeing that Jeanne did not speak, Alexander became even more intimidating.

He originally thought Jeanne would refute him. He was even a little afraid of the power Jeanne had, so he made sure he was prepared. However, he did not expect that Jeanne would be so indifferent to his accusations against her.

Was it because she knew that once Jonathan died, no one in the Lawrences would protect her?

Or was it because now she knew that the more she said, the more badly she would be scolded?

No matter what, he had to make Jeanne get the hell out of their family!

At that though, Alexander became even more agitated. “Jeanne, I don’t want to argue too much with you in front of so many people. Your grandfather just passed away, and I’m not in the mood to argue with you. However, I will not let this matter go! Get lost right now! I don’t want to see you!”

“Dad, do you know what the saying ‘He who is unjust is doomed to destructive’ means?” Jeanne raised her eyebrows.

Alexander looked at her coldly.

“You’ll know soon enough,” Jeanne said.

After that, she turned around and left.

Under everyone’s watchful eyes, she felt without even taking a look at Jonathan, who was in the coffin.

Monica was a little surprised at how partial Jeanne was to her grandfather’s death.

Just a few words and that was all? Would she not become everyone’s gossip if she left just like that?

As Jeanne left, she just happened to brush past Jasmine, who had rushed over.

Jeanne turned to look at Jasmine and how she had been crying her heart out since she entered.

It was a stark contrast to her indifference.

In fact, she did not feel anything.

All she did was take a glance at her and avert her gaze, only to see Eden standing not far away. The corners of his mouth seemed to be pulled into an evil smile, even though it was only for a moment.

That meant Eden was colluding with the Lawrences again.

She really did think that after Jasmine’s incident, the Lawrences would have had a fallout with Eden.

However, on second thought, it seemed she had thought too much of the Lawrences. They were... heartless!