Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 636: Monica Was Drunk and Walked Into the Wrong Door

VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

After that, he heard Jeanne say, “I never called you that before because I was always afraid you were lying to me.”

Kingsley smiled.

In fact, he understood her very well.

Anyone who encountered such a thing would have doubts.

“I’m hanging up.”

Jeanne took the initiative to hang up the call.

Since Kingsley, other than George, was her only family member in this world, she needed to personally acknowledge his identity as her biological uncle or her mother’s biological brother.

The so-called Delta Islands’ mafia and the best of the mafia families, the Hills were the most outstanding mafia in the Delta Islands and were famous all around the world. They mainly trained and exported top-notch killers who could complete many tasks that ordinary people could not complete. The Hills not only had business dealings with underground organizations but also politicians in certain countries. They would negotiate one deal after another with them, and the Sanders of Harken was one of them.

Such a family that did incriminating things would naturally make countless enemies when they obtained a large amount of wealth! After all, how many people had died under the blades and spears of the Hills for no reason? How many people were hiding, painstakingly looking for an opportunity to take revenge?

Therefore, the Hills had to maintain their own strength, and there was no other way out. However, as the various forces began to expand, the Hills needed to rope in more forces to ensure their safety. Otherwise, they might be massacred overnight! That was why the Hills and the Sanders started getting closer and closer over the years. Almost all the problems the Sanders could not solve were secretly cleaned up by the Hills!

The Hills may seem powerful and brilliant, but in fact, they were born with a fatal flaw — they had very few children! Over the generations, the family had been passed down from one generation to the next. Their ancestors were worried that if anything happened to the one child, such as being born with low intelligence or being assassinated the day after tomorrow, the Hills would be doomed! Her mother, Penelope, and her uncle, Kingsley, were the two rare heirs of the Hills. Even though the age gap between the two siblings was big — Penelope was 12 years older than Kingsley, and Kingsley was born when his mother was older, there were still two of them.

Unfortunately, her mother had no interest in the Hills from the moment she was born. She even scoffed at the Hills’ actions, accused the Hills of being a bloody and tragic family, and threatened to leave the Hills!

When she was 22 years old, she succeeded!

That year, in order to gain more power, her parents forced her to marry a man she had never met before. As such, she chose to run away from home. When she left home, Kingsley was only ten years old. He watched helplessly as her sister finally escaped from the Hills under the torture of his parents. Of course, it was not easy to truly leave. She was caught by her parents on a ship, but she would rather jump into the sea to commit suicide than return to the Hills. Under such pressure, her parents finally compromised and made her promise that from now on, she would not be allowed to be part of the family again, regardless if she were dead or alive. They would also never admit they had a daughter like her. From then on, her parents cut all ties with her!

However, her mother did not hesitate at all. She swore she would never have anything to do with the Hills again.

From the moment she left the Hills, Kingsley was to become the heir of the family.

Kingsley had witnessed how cruel his family was to Jeanne’s mother, and it was not that he did not resist, but he knew that he did not have the power to resist. With her sister gone, at least he could still inherit the Hills. If he left… the Hills would have no descendants, so unless he died, there was no way he could escape.

As such, he endured it and grew up in the Hills.

For a long time, the so-called Penelope Thorn seemed to be the only name that existed in his world.

He would often remember that when he was undergoing intense training at a young age, the person called Penelope Thorn would be the only one in the world to give him warmth. She would ask him if he was in pain, pick him up after he fell, and give him the sweetest chocolate…

He wanted to look for that person called Penelope Thorn one day.

When he took over the Hills, he would not ask her to come back. He only needed to know if she was doing well.