Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 641: Can You Not Be So Cold to Me? It Scares Me!

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

In the dead of night, Michael looked at the drunk and unconscious Monica.

Seeing that she was uncomfortable, his brows furrowed tightly.

He used a hot towel to wipe her face for her, and as he did, he gulped.

In fact, there was not much difference between Monica wearing makeup and not wearing makeup. The makeup only made her look a little more mature and charming. After the makeup was removed, her clean face looked pure and innocent, and she even gave off the vibe of a girl next door.

Monica’s personality was completely different from her appearance.

She could be an innocent and lovely person, but she insisted on being fascinating and charming.

In terms of personality, she was also more open-minded and had a wide range of friends. She had many friends, both good and bad. She often went to nightclubs and discos and got drunk, but she never messed around with guys.

Such a woman was neither good nor bad, but she made him fall in love with her at first sight and for many years.

He wiped her slightly parted lips gently with the hot towel. Her breathing seemed a little heavy, probably because she was still feeling uncomfortable from all the alcohol.

However, at that moment, there was only passion In Michael’s eyes.

During the two years he and Monica were dating, they were not intimate with each other.

Monica looked like an outgoing woman. Her clothes and even personality were very avant-garde. However, when it came to the relationship between men and women, she was unexpectedly conservative, so they had yet to sleep with each other. There were once or twice in his memory when they almost did it, but Monica stopped him.

She said it was better to wait until after they got married.

That was when he knew Monica was not a casual woman.

Hence, if she became his woman, would she stop thinking of returning to Finn’s side?

Michael’s body tensed up.

The fire in his eyes was visible, and his gaze was fixed on her red lips. He looked at her slightly parted lips as if she was inviting him…

It had been a long time since he had such an impulse.

When he buried his head in his work, the affairs between a man and a woman would never even cross his mind.

However, at that moment, he admitted he had been seduced by Monica, and his willpower seemed to have faltered tonight.

He bent down, his Adam’s apple bobbing up and down.

Just like that, he approached Monica’s lips and kissed her…

Their lips had yet to touch when Monica suddenly opened her eyes and pushed Michael away as if she was in great pain.

Michael started to get nervous.

Was Monica awake?

His heart was beating very fast.

He had never done a sneak attack on Monica before.

Not realizing that the person in front of her was trying to do something to her, Monica suddenly got up from the bed and ran into the bathroom. Then, she threw up.

Michael’s racing heart slowly returned to normal.

The bathroom was filled with the sound of Monica vomiting, and it sounded painful.

However, Michael did not go to the bathroom to see her.

He was thinking that if Monica did not wake up just now, would he have done something to her?

He felt very regretful that he did not do anything at that moment, so much so that he had to control himself from not doing anything to Monica again.

Just like that, he took a while to calm down in the room.

Fortunately, his self-control had been amazing since he was young. When all his peers were out having fun, he could do nothing but endless homework at home.

After taking a deep breath, he walked into the bathroom.

Monica was hugging the toilet bowl and seemed to have finished throwing up.

However, she had no energy at all. As she squatted beside the toilet bowl, her weak body looked a little pitiful.

Michael walked over and squatted down. “Are you feeling better?”

Monica was startled when she heard the voice, and suddenly, she was awake.

She looked straight at the man in front of her. “Michael?”

“Are you drunk that you can’t even recognize me?” Michael chuckled. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

“Why are you here?” Monica seemed to have lost her memory.

“Have you forgotten how you came back?” Michael reminded her.

Monica suppressed the discomfort in her stomach after emptying it out and carefully recalled how she came back.

At that moment, her head was still hurting terribly, and she really could not remember how she made her way back.