Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 686: A Night of Plots and Schemes

Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

She had no choice but to get the bellboy to help her. Then, she helped Finn into the hotel and quickly checked in.

At that moment, a black car followed them to the hotel. Looking at their backs, he made a call. “Mr. Ross.”

“Yes.”

“They’re at the hotel.”

“Good.”

Michael laughed coldly.

Tomorrow, Monica would learn that Finn had sex with another woman after rejecting her!

…

When Sarah placed Finn on the hotel bed, everything felt so surreal to her. She could not believe she had drugged Finn and put him on the same bed as her.

Her heart was beating very fast.

Looking at Finn sleeping on the bed, her heart was almost beating out of her chest.

In fact, she was still a little conflicted about making that decision. However, a few of her friends said that if she wanted Finn to be with her, the best way was to force herself on him.

She had thought about it but did not think she could force herself on Finn.

A friend of hers said she could set up a plan to drug Finn, and then, it would be done.

Now, she had done it.

She felt that if she did not take advantage of that opportunity, perhaps her cousin would change her mind and be together with Finn again. If that were the case, she would be heartbroken again.

After all, she had liked Finn for a long time now.

The first time she saw him was when his uncle had a heart attack.

As his uncle’s attending physician, Finn performed a heart bypass surgery on his uncle. Everyone in the family went to visit his uncle, so she followed them. That was when she saw Finn stand out among the many doctors.

She had always been obsessed with men in uniforms since a young age and liked all kinds of cosplay. As such, Finn fulfilled all her fantasies with uniforms.

Unfortunately, she was not old enough to fall in love, and her cousin and Finn were already together.

She was really sad for a long time because of that. However, her love for Finn rekindled when she heard they were in a marriage of convenience, and now, they were divorced.

She had always thought their divorce would be her time to pursue Finn.

All she needed to do was seize the opportunity.

She carefully helped Finn take off his shoes, clothes, and coat. After a second thought, she went to the bathroom and wrung a hot towel. Then, she cleaned his face and took off his glasses for him.

Although Finn looked very handsome in his glasses, she still liked the way he looked without them. She had always thought that he looked much more aloof with his glasses but less distant without them.

She slowly wiped Finn’s cheeks.

She used to think that Finn had an outstanding temperament. In his white coat, he exuded an indescribable nobility.

At that moment, after carefully examining his facial features, she realized that Finn was very handsome. Every single one of his facial features was extremely good-looking.

He had straight eyebrows, long and narrow eyelashes hidden behind his glasses, a tall nose bridge, and... perfectly-shaped lips.

Sarah gulped.

She could not believe she was seduced by Finn, so much that she had the strong urge to kiss him, the kind that was uncontrolled.

Hence, she leaned over.

She had fantasized many times about her first time with Finn, but she had never thought it would be like that.

However, if it were not through that way, she would not have been able to get near Finn.

Her friends said she had to use such an extreme method to deal with an ice-cold yet handsome man, but Shelly found it inappropriate.

Shelly said Finn did not like her very much and that if she used that method, Finn might hate her.

Moreover, Finn was different from Nox, who had had sex with many women. Hence, even if he was schemed against, he would not react much to it. At most, he would lose his temper.

However, Finn was not the kind of person who would sleep around. She heard that Finn had never had sex with Monica after so many years, so perhaps he remained chaste. If such a person was defiled, he might be furious.

However, Sarah was not convinced.

At the thought that it might be Finn’s first time, she wanted to have sex with Finn even more.

She desperately wanted to be the first woman Finn slept with.