Chapter 726: The Family of Three

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Once the two of them had washed up, Edward helped Jeanne put on her home clothes.

Then, they went downstairs with their hands held.

Jeanne was not used to that kind of intimacy.

In fact, when they were in bed, they were overly intimate. However, she thought it was the effect of the hormones between men and women.

However, when their fingers interlocked, it felt like... their fingers were connected to the heart.

In the end, she did not reject him. With Edward, she could not seem to reject many things.

They went downstairs together.

To be honest, Jeanne could feel her legs trembling when she went downstairs, and a certain someone was smiling very brightly.

“Do you think it’s funny?” Jeanne snapped at him.

“No, I think it’s wonderful.”

Wonderful? What bullsh*t!

Jeanne gritted her teeth and struggled to walk, while the man who was holding her hand was purely admiring her.

With great difficulty, Jeanne finally walked to the hall.

In the spacious and quiet hall, only a small person was sitting on the sofa, watching them appear. He did not make any noise, but upon closer inspection, one would realize that his face was full of resentment.

Jeanne hurriedly wanted to shake Edward’s hand off, but he tightened the grip on her hand.

Jeanne glared at Edward, who pretended not to see it.

The two of them acted coyly, but in George’s eyes, it looked like they were showing off their affection.

His small face was filled with displeasure. “I’m not your biological child, am I?”

“Huh?” Jeanne was stunned.

At that moment, Edward also looked at George.

“I’m not your biological child, am I?” George asked them. Clearly, he was in a bad mood.

“Why would you think that?” Jeanne acted like a loving mother.

“What time is it now?”

Jeanne quickly looked at the big clock on the wall.

“2 p.m.”

“So, you let me, a growing six-year-old child, starve from the morning when I woke up until 2 p.m.?”

Jeanne was dumbfounded and surprised. “Where’s Teddy?”

George’s gaze was fixed on Edward, and Jeanne also turned to look at the latter.

“Teddy is not feeling well, so I gave him two days off.”

“You were the one who chased Teddy out.” George exposed Edward mercilessly.

Jeanne looked straight at Edward.

Before Edward could speak, George repeated the scene from yesterday. “You said you wanted to live a few days with my mother and me as a family of three. You told Teddy to go wherever he wanted to go and chased poor Teddy away.”

At that moment, Jeanne was actually speechless.

“In that case, you should chase me away too. What family of three? You only want to abduct my mother!” George complained with his angry yet cute face.

Jeanne did not know what to say. In fact, she was a little angry and shook off Edward’s hand.

Edward seemed to realize that he was somewhat unreasonable, so he did not stop her.

“No one can snatch me away. I will cook for you now.” Jeanne walked straight to the kitchen, leaving the adult and the little one in the hall.

George ignored Edward and continued to sit on the sofa, sulking.

He was so angry that he was pouting.

Upon recalling someone saying that he wanted to live with him and his mother as a family of three, that he would try his best to make up for the lack of him being around in George’s childhood…

A man’s words could not be trusted. Fourth Master Swan was trying to trick him and take his mother away.

Kingsley was right. In this world, Fourth Master Swan was the worst because wanted to snatch his mother away!

“I’m sorry,” Edward took the initiative to apologize.

He really did forget that there was a little beast at home crying and waiting to be fed. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

George ignored Edward.

“I’ll remember next time.” Edward looked very sincere.

George was still indifferent to Edward’s apology, so Edward took the initiative to rub George’s head.

However, George avoided him.

At that, Edward chuckled, which made George even angrier.

Did Edward not see that he was almost fuming with anger? Yet, he still had the nerve to smile.

“In that case, stay angry for a while longer. I’ll help your mother in the kitchen.” After that, Edward left.

George was furious.

Everything Edward said about being a good father... was all bullshit.

As expected, her mother was right. Men were all pigs!

In the kitchen, Jeanne was using the ingredients in the fridge to cook a meal when Edward went over and hugged her from behind.

Jeanne was speechless. “Don’t disturb me while I’m cooking.”

“I won’t disturb you,” Edward replied and bit Jeanne’s ear again.

Damn it.

Jeanne endured it.