Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 732: Warmth: Do You Know Why We Raise Pigs?

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Jeanne really held it in and left the room.

She was afraid that she would not be able to sleep after eavesdropping on their conversation. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Damn. Her son was only six years old. What kind of thoughts was Edward instilling in her son?

When she returned to the room, she was still a little flushed.

It took a long time before she finally calmed herself down and walked into the bathroom to take a shower.

As she took a shower, the words that Edward said to George kept replaying in her mind.

When did she say she liked it? She despised it so much…

Jeanne’s face was red as she took a shower.

Suddenly, the bathroom door was pushed open.

Jeanne was stunned as she saw Edward at the door, sizing her up.

“What are you looking at?” Jeanne was flustered and exasperated.

“Looking at what looks beautiful.”

Jeanne really wanted to tell the whole world that Fourth Master Swan was not cold at all and that he was extremely flirtatious.

“Every part of you is beautiful,” Edward concluded.

Jeanne’s face was red, especially when she saw that Edward was already taking off his clothes at that moment.

She really was as good as dead.

The two of them were in the shower for a long time, and after washing up, they lay on the big bed, exhausted.

Jeanne did not understand how a man could have so much energy. It was as if he did not feel tired.

“We have to return everything we once owed,” Edward suddenly said.

That fellow seemed to be able to read other people’s minds. He knew what she was thinking.

Jeanne turned to look at Edward, who was looking at her with admiration. At that moment, one of his hands was playing with her hair.

“You were only away for half a month.” Jeanne gritted her teeth.

As for that…

“No, you were away for seven years!”

Jeanne stared at him with wide eyes, speechless.

“So... we’ll continue to return it.”

“Don’t come near me.”

Someone was already close.

“Edward.”

“Be good.”

“I really don’t want to anymore.”

“You want to.”

“I really...”

…

During that two-day weekend, Jeanne was asleep much more than she was awake.

That was right.

She slept all the time, and their so-called family of three…

Right. George was the one who was abandoned.

Fortunately, Fourth Master Swan got up the next day and made breakfast for George.

Jeanne could half-consciously feel that the person next to her had gotten up.

At that time, she was really lying on the bed. She did not even want to move her toes, so she did not even struggle and fell asleep again.

It felt like... the sky was falling. She wanted to die.

Downstairs in the hall, Edward was making eggs on toast while George was on the sofa, watching him cook.

Edward was clearly a little flustered, and George did not look forward to his breakfast at all.

In the hall, the father and son had never had much to say to each other.

Hence, it was unusually quiet.

George finally could not hold it in any longer. Looking at Fourth Master Swan, who was clearly not good at cooking but was still trying to put on a brave front, he asked in his young voice, “Where’s my mother?”

“She’s sleeping,” Edward answered.

While answering, he continued to cook the eggs seriously.

“Why isn’t she up yet?” George was surprised.

His mother usually would not laze in bed for too long, and it was already past nine in the morning.

“She’s tired from last night.”

“What did she do?” George was curious.

Did she work overtime again last night?

“It’s something you don’t understand.”

George was furious. He hated it when people treated him like a child.

“Come and try the eggs on toast I made,” Edward said to him.

He did not care about George’s feelings at all.

George endured it and walked over.

Just as he walked over, a familiar man’s voice suddenly sounded in the hall. “I seem to smell eggs.”

Edward and George turned to look at Nox.

Nox walked over naturally and sat down at the dining table. He took the eggs on toast in front of George and started to eat with his fork.

George’s face turned red.

How could that person be so impolite?

Nox took a bite and did not forget to compliment Edward. “It tastes good.”

“Really?” Edward smiled.

Nox raised his head and looked at Edward’s expression. Then, he looked at Edward, who was wearing an apron, and exclaimed, “You made it?”

Edward did not answer, but he looked... really proud.

“F*ck. Did you wake up on the wrong side of the bed? This isn’t like you.” Nox could not help but complain.

However, Edward ignored him and carried the plate of food upstairs.