Chapter 736: I Wish Them All The Best

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“My cousin gave up on you like that.” Sarah enunciated each word as she looked at Finn.

“That’s her business.” Finn rejected her flatly, not leaving any room for negotiation.

Sarah felt terrible.

In fact, she had always thought that Finn was really too far out of her reach.

She thought he would be very calculative about what happened that night. She even felt that if he was more calculative, she might even know how to communicate with him. She might even be able to explain to him why she did what she did and how much she loved him to be able to do that. However, he did not say anything.

It seemed, to Finn, she had made a fool of herself with everything she had done.

She bit her lip. “How am I not good as my cousin?”

“There’s nothing to compare,” Finn replied. “I don’t think Monica is good or you’re bad, but that has nothing to do with me.”

Sarah’s eyes were red.

Finn’s reply did not mean to belittle her, but it really pushed her far away from him

Why would Finn not look at her?

She thought that if he was no longer with her cousin, he would somewhat notice the existence of others.

However, why was Finn so rational?

Rather than being rational, it was more accurate to say he was cold-blooded.

After having his feelings hurt, should he not find someone to comfort him? Should he not want someone to heal his wounds? How could Finn be alone, with no one to see his sadness?

She actually knew there was no way he was not sad.

He liked her cousin, and she knew it a long time ago.

Her cousin always said that Finn was an *sshole and that Finn did not love her or treat her well.

However, a bystander could see everything clearly, especially a bystander who liked that man.

Every time she saw Finn with her cousin, she could see the look in Finn’s eyes. From time to time, she would look at her cousin, who was clumsy and was always prone to bumps and bruises. Every time her cousin was about to fall, he would reach out and hug her. He knew that her cousin loved dressing up and liked to wear all kinds of high heels. Hence, he would always carry a few band-aids with him to prevent her heels from getting blisters…

She actually saw many small details, but her cousin did not.

Her cousin always thought that Finn did not love her — that Finn loved another woman.

In fact, she had never met the Patsy that her cousin had mentioned. She could tell at a glance that Finn only treated Patsy as a sister and, at most, felt responsible for Patsy.

She did not know what the relationship Finn and Patsy had, but she did not think that Patsy would be a threat to Finn and her cousin’s relationship.

The only problem between them was that Finn kept everything to himself.

The biggest obstacle in their relationship was that they had never been honest with each other.

As for Sarah, because she liked Finn, she would not take the initiative to tell her cousin that Finn actually loved her very much.

She admitted that she had some ulterior motives and that she wanted her cousin to divorce Finn so that she could have a chance to pursue Finn.

However, although she said that she had loved Finn for a long time, deep down, she knew very well that it was impossible for her to be with Finn. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

During that time, she had even treated Finn as her Prince Charming whom she admired.

Yet, never did she expect that after all those years, her cousin would still divorce Finn.

All the thoughts that were stirring in her mind instantly surged like the waves in the ocean. She could not control herself. She felt that now was her chance to truly pursue Finn. She was too eager for success and was afraid that Finn and her cousin would suddenly get back together. That was why she took Lizzy’s suggestion and chose the most extreme method.

Once she succeeded, even if Finn was not responsible, she would have a way to make her family force Finn to take responsibility for her.

She admitted that she was not as pure as her cousin when it came to liking Finn as she was very scheming. After all, Finn did not love her. If she did not cheat on the road of love, she did not know how long it would take for Finn to fall in love with her, or how long it would take for Finn to consider her.

Therefore, she had to put in a lot of effort to understand Finn and to observe what he cared about and what he could not refuse.