Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 738: I Wish Them All The Best

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“I can be your backup too.” When Sarah said it out loud, her heart ached terribly.

She had actually grown up in a priviledged environment and had been doted on since she was young. Hence, she had never thought that one day, she would stoop so low for a man.

“Anyway, I’m still young. I can wait for you for five or ten years, so you won’t spend your whole life alone. But if you do, I’ll accompany you for the rest of your life,” Sarah said. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

After that, she left with tears rolling down her face.

As Finn stared at her back, there were still some emotions in his cold, hard eyes.

Regardless of whether Sarah said it out of impulse, he had to admit that her words shook him.

It was not love, but... he felt loved.

…

After Sarah left Finn’s apartment and entered the elevator, she finally could not help but burst into tears.

Why was Finn so hard to woo? Why was it so hard to love a man?

She tried hard to control her emotions, but she could not. She was really suffering.

Then, the elevator opened, and Sarah cried as she left Finn’s neighborhood.

She walked numbly as if she had been abandoned by the world. Even though she said she would accompany Finn for the rest of her life, she still felt sad because of Finn’s indifference toward her, and that overwhelming sadness was unbearable for her...

“Bam!”

Suddenly, a loud noise sounded.

Sarah fell to the ground, and a car screeched as it braked on the street.

Sarah was met with a car accident because she ran a red light on the sidewalk outside Finn’s neighborhood, and a car hit her.

In an instant, countless people surrounded her.

Someone called 911, who then contacted Sarah’s family.

In the end, Sarah was sent to the hospital and wheeled straight into the emergency room.

Sarah’s parents rushed over. They were scared out of their wits because of their daughter’s car accident.

Gary and Ruby rushed to the hospital as well.

Before Ruby was almost at the operating theatre, she was already crying her heart out, and Gary had been consoling her the entire time.

Monica arrived a little later. She, too, found it hard to believe. Even though she and her cousin had been at each other’s ends since they were young, she still treated Sarah as her own sister. After all, her mother really doted on that niece of hers.

Outside the operating theater, everyone was filled with sorrow, and they were all restless.

The silence was stifling.

Suddenly, another footstep sounded in the corridor.

The abrupt footsteps made everyone turn their heads to look over, and that was when Monica saw Finn.

It lasted only for a second before she chose to shift her gaze.

Finn, on the other hand, did not even look at Monica.

When Gary saw Finn appear, he quickly handed the crying Ruby to Monica and said, “She’s been in there for more than two hours. Can you go and ask about her situation? Sarah is only 18 years old. If something really happened to her...”

Finn’s expression was a little stiff.

He had received a call from Gary saying that Sarah had gotten into a car accident and was in the hospital. She was currently being treated in his hospital’s operating theatre and had been in there for a long time, so he hoped he could find someone to ask about her situation.

Finn stayed silent for a long time because Sarah getting into a car accident had a lot to do with him.

Yet, he did not say anything in the end. He just drove to the hospital and saw everyone’s sadness.

He nodded before walking to the side and making a call.

Not long after, a nurse appeared in the corridor. She chatted with Finn for a while before walking into the operating theater.

Everyone looked nervously in the direction of the operating theater.

About ten minutes later, the nurse came out.

She was very respectful to Finn. “Her life is no longer in danger. There are just a lot of injured areas, and the doctors are treating them one by one. They’re almost done now.”

“Is she all okay?” Gary, who was beside Finn, asked quickly.

For example, was she missing an arm or a leg?

“The doctor said it’s just a fracture. She’ll recover,” the nurse replied quickly.

‘That’s good.’ Gary heaved a sigh of relief.

After that, he turned around and told the others what the nurse said. Everyone was relieved.