Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 741: I Wish Them All The Best

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Yvonne wanted to say something else, but she could not.

Furthermore, Sarah had gotten into a car accident.

“Sarah, I’m going to make it clear to you in front of your parents, your aunt, and your uncle. I don’t like you, and I will never like you. I admit I’m responsible for your car accident today, so I’ll do my best to help you recover. As for other things, nothing will change. On top of that, I hope that you can control your own daughter and niece. Her appearance has also brought me a certain burden to me.” Finn explained himself very clearly.

The people in the room did not know how to react.

“I’ll make a move first. If anything comes up in the hospital, you can give me a call. I’ll also take the initiative to follow up on Sarah’s recovery.” After that, Finn bowed politely. “Sorry for the trouble I’ve caused.”

After that, he left.

Gary and Ruby exchanged glances before Gary hurriedly said, “I’ll go and ask about the details.

“I’ll go with you.” Ruby also followed.

Sarah and her parents were the only ones left in the ward.

“Why are you crying?” Yvonne was a little speechless. “He’s already said that he doesn’t like you. What’s the use of crying? Besides, isn’t Finn just a doctor? What’s there to like about him? Next time, let your father and uncle explain to you that business elites are definitely ten thousand times better than Finn.”

“You don’t know what love is at all. All you know is how to look at benefits, money, and so-called status. You don’t know what I want at all. Since I was young, you and dad have always been busy with work and have never cared about me at all. Most of the time, it was my aunt who took care of me. What right do you have to judge the person I like?”

Yvonne also doted on her daughter, so she was speechless at that moment.

She glanced at Ron, who did not know what to say either.

It was true. Since Sarah was young, they had not cared much about Sarah and did not know how to communicate with her.

“Now that I’ve finally found someone I like, you guys still don’t agree with me. I might as well just die in a car accident so I don’t have to be so sad again.”

“What nonsense are you saying?” Yvonne quickly said, “All I’m saying is that Finn doesn’t like you. Why are you making things difficult for yourself? ”

“Can’t I like him even though he doesn’t like me?”

“Why are you so stubborn? Besides, isn’t that your cousin’s ex-husband? No matter how bad you are, you can’t take what your cousin doesn’t want.”

“Mom, if you say that again, I’m really going to get angry.” Sarah looked very angry.

With that, Yvonne stopped talking.

“Alright, alright. As long as our daughter likes him, it’s fine. Why say so much to her?” Ron said without any principles.

“I just feel sorry for my daughter. Your niece, Monica, is nothing like our Sarah. However, because your sister married well, Monica is doted on by the Harrisons. Your parents are biased toward her, and Sarah has suffered a lot all these years…”

“What nonsense are you talking about? Don’t you think my younger sister has helped our family a lot? If it weren’t for my sister, I wouldn’t be where I am today. When we were too busy to care for our child, my sister helped us to take care of her. How dare you say such things?” Ron was very angry.

Yvonne’s eyes reddened after getting a scolding from Ron. “I was just saying. Why are you so fierce to me? I can’t say anything bad about your sister, can I? I’m an outsider to the Harrisons. If you really don’t like me, let’s get a divorce, and I won’t say anything else after that!”

“You’re unreasonable!” Ron was so angry that he waved his hand and left, leaving Yvonne crying in the ward.

“Mom,” Sarah called out to Yvonne, a little speechless.

However, Yvonne did not respond.

“Why are you arguing with dad? My aunt and uncle are really good to me.”

“Yes, yes, yes. They’re all very good to you. I’m just the bad guy, right? ” Yvonne said angrily.

“That’s not what I said, and I agree with what you said.” Sarah laughed on purpose and consoled her mother, “I’m no worse off than my cousin.”

Yvonne glanced at her daughter. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“So, I’ll definitely be able to get Finn.”

“Why do you have to like Finn?” Yvonne felt a little resentful.

“Because he’s good.”

“Don’t you want to do better?”

“I do. Hasn’t grandfather and grandmother always liked Monica? I just want them to see that the person who likes my cousin will fall for me in the end. This way, you’ll be more respected at home, right?”