Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 742: I Wish Them All The Best

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“That’s true! I really can’t stand the way your grandparents are fawning over your aunt’s family!” Yvonne cursed.

Sarah was not as petty as her mother. However, she had always liked to go against her cousin since she was young.

She did not know if it was because they were born to be at odds with each other or if it was because she was subconsciously envious of her cousin, who had everything since birth.

Monica grew up with the best parents and in the best environment in the world.

…

Monica had just returned home by taxi when her phone rang.

She was a little afraid of receiving a call from her father, because under normal circumstances, she would be scolded.

Hence, she braced herself and said, “Dad.”

“Do you know about Finn and Sarah?” Gary immediately asked.

Could she say that she did not know about them?

“Do you know? Sarah’s car accident today is related Finn!”

In fact, she did not want to know.

“Today, Sarah’s confession to Finn failed, and she was so sad that she did not see the red light. That was why she got into a car accident,” Gary said it clearly.

“Dad, what are you trying to say?” Monica tried her best to control her emotions, and her tone sounded normal.

“Is it no longer possible between you and Finn?”

“No,” Monica replied.

The first thing Finn wanted to do after sleeping together was to strangle her.

What else could be possible between them?

“Monica, you’re really pissing me off.” Gary probably still could not let go of Finn.

All these years, Finn was indeed very good to her father.

Monica said, “Well, it’s impossible for me and Finn to be together again. If Sarah has the ability to be with Finn, that’s her ability. You’d best not interfere in their affairs.”

“I’m not as insensible as you. Their feelings are naturally their business. He doesn’t have any feelings for Sarah now, but Sarah almost died for Finn. Any man would be touched. If it goes on…”

“That’s enough.” Monica did not want to hear it anymore. “I wish them all the best.”

“You–”

Monica hung up the phone.

What else could she do if not hang up? Could she change anything? Could she still change Finn?

The moment Sarah reached out to grab Finn’s hand and he did not push it away, she knew that Sarah had made progress with Finn.

After all, Monica could not even touch Finn now.

At least, the Finn she knew had always kept a distance from women. No one could get close to him, except for his so-called “sister”, Patsy.

Now, she believed there was really nothing going on between Finn and Patsy.

In that case, Finn did treated Sarah a little differently.

However, what could she do even if she knew?

Her vision was blurry.

She had already tried very hard to withdraw herself from Finn’s world and not to disgust Finn.

What else did he want from her? Did he want her to be overwhelmed by sadness because of him?

She bit her lip, trying her best to control her emotions.

She thought she had learned to be patient.

During that one week, she endured how cruel Finn was to her and still got by alone.

She refused Michael’s company and did not look for Finn impulsively again. She did not even have her best friend, Jeannie, to rely on because she was learning to be by herself. However…

Now that she was told that Finn might fall in love with Sarah, and that another woman was madly approaching him while she was suffering, what could she do other than watch helplessly and accept it?

Just then, her phone suddenly rang again.

Monica looked at the incoming call and hung up immediately.

She had been doing that with Michael recently. She did not answer his calls or reply to his messages.

Since she wanted to draw the line at their relationship as quickly as possible, she should follow through with it. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

…

Michael stared at his phone angrily.

For the past week, no matter how much he cared about Monica, she had chosen to reject him.

However, did Monica really think she could leave him?

In fact, he did not expect Monica would have such deep feelings for Finn.

Finn had hurt her so badly, and in the end, they did not even get back together. Yet, she still insisted on keep her principles.

The last time she broke up with Finn, Monica was not so difficult to pursue.

He had overestimated himself, but he had also underestimated Monica!

Michael’s expression was extremely ugly.

How could he let a sure thing slip through?

…

On Monday, Jeanne went to work with an aching back.

She thought, ‘This can’t go on. I can’t continue to be ridiculed by that beast, Edward…’

She sat upright in her office, making herself look, at least, energetic.

Her eyes flickered as she looked at the incoming call and picked it up.

“I heard you didn’t leave the house during the weekend?” Kingsley asked.

Jeanne pursed her lips.

“You didn’t even come out of your room much.” The other party continued to speak, but she could not hear anything from his tone.

“Did George say that?”

“He’s very angry.”

“I know,”

“It’s been a long time since you married couple last met, so I understand. However, excessive indulgence is not good for the body.” Kingsley reminded her.

Jeanne chose to ignore it.

“Let’s talk business.” Kingsley was serious.

“In the two days that Fourth Master Swan has been back, he hasn’t stepped out of the house or meet with anyone in private. And when Nox went out, he only went to the Swans and even booked a room in a hotel. There’s nothing wrong with that.”

Jeanne waited for him to finish.

“However, Finn disappeared for two hours.” Kingsley made sure to enunciate every word.