Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 744: She Couldn’t Please Him

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Jeanne hung up the phone silently.

At that moment, she was still deep in thought.

However, who the hell was the descendant of the Duncans?

Basically, it was someone close to Edward. If it was someone close to him, Edward would not have gone to the old and remote area alone and spent so much effort to bring the man back. The Sanders had been led astray from the very beginning, thinking that the descendant of the Duncans would hide in the Swans. In fact, the Swans were more thoughtful than the Sanders. They had probably expected that the Sanders would suspect them one day, so they settled that person in a safer place ahead of time.

It was also because of the Sanders’ misjudgment that they had let go of their suspicions of the Swans a few times until now… Now, the Swans’ power had grown to an extent that even the Sanders were not clear about what kind of hidden dark forces they had, except for their financial inability to surpass them.

Jeanne took out a cigarette.

She was not addicted to smoking. She would only take a few puffs whenever she felt a little irritable and uneasy.

It was a habit that allowed her to slowly adjust her emotions.

Then, the phone rang again.

Jeanne raised her eyes and picked up the call. “Miles.”

“I’ve finally found the person you asked me to find,” Miles immediately said.

Jeanne knew he was referring to the man who had been secretly following Finn that night.

“Who is it?”

“A retired member of the Sanders’ Special Forces.” Miles said, “However, he didn’t leave the Sanders after he retired. Instead, he has been helping the Sanders do many things in the dark, many illegal things.

“Did the Sanders give him to Michael?” Jeanne was almost certain.

“It’s hard to confirm internal information. I can only confirm his identity from the vast talent pool, but as for whether he is currently serving Michael, I need some time to find out.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Don’t alert them. This is the only clue we can find around Michael, and he’s a scheming man. It’s not easy to expose him.”

“Alright,” Miles said and nodded.

Jeanne hung up the phone after giving a few more instructions to Miles.

Then, she extinguished the cigarette bud.

She thought for a moment, and without much hesitation, she called Monica.

Monica was still in a somewhat dazed and confused state.

In the morning, she received a call from her father asking her to go to work. However, she hung up immediately and continued to sleep peacefully.

Actually, she was not being willful.

She did not know when it started, but she could not fall asleep in the middle of the night, and the only time she could sleep was in the morning.

Since she had finally managed to fall asleep in the morning, she did not want to get up.

She was afraid that if she continued to suffer that way, she would die one day.

However, when she saw that it was Jeanne, she answered the call in a daze. “Jeannie.”

“Still asleep?”

“I can’t sleep at night but can’t stay awake during the day.” Monica’s voice sounded sleepy.

“Are you still suffering from insomnia?” Jeanne was concerned.

“Yup.” Monica did not hide it from her. “I don’t know how I can adjust my sleep pattern. I’ve really been depressed recently, and if this continues, I’ll break down.”

“Look for something to do,” Jeanne suggested.

“I’m not interested.”

“Even if you’re not interested, you should find something to do.” Jeanne’s tone was stern.

“Do what?”

“Go to work at your dad’s company.”

Monica smiled. “Jeannie, are you my dad’s biological child? ”

“What?”

“My dad keeps urging me to go to work. I’m starting to suspect that you’re a spy sent by my dad.”

“We’re only doing this for your own good.”

“Got it. I’ll go to work when I get up.” Monica could not sleep anyway.

She got up from the bed, rubbed her somewhat messy hair, and leaned against the head of the bed.

“Are you calling me just to make me go to work?” Monica asked.

“No, I’m not. I want to ask about your relationship with Michael.”

“I’ve been avoiding him recently. Other than calling and sending me messages, he never came to my house to look for me. We’re downplaying our relationship now. After two or three months, we’ll separate in secret,” Monica said nonchalantly.

Jeanne was very clear that things would not go as smoothly as Monica had said.

However, at that moment, she also did not want to ruin Monica’s mood.