Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 748: She Couldn’t Please Him

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Sarah didn’t pay much attention to Monica’s tone.

In any case, her cousin had always been a little bad-tempered since young.

“I’ve really liked Finn for years. I’ve dreamed of marrying him. Thank you for your support, cousin.”

Monica was speechless. She thought, ‘When the hell did I say I’ll f*cking support you?! I only said to go for it if you think you can get together with him!’

Nevertheless, she endured it and ignored Sarah.

Moreover, Sarah was in a good spirit. There was no need for Monica to waste more time on her.

She stood up and walked out of the ward. “Your aunt will come to accompany you later. Just stay here and wait...”

Monica, who opened the door, froze.

That was because Finn was right there, standing in the doorway.

Their eyes met, and they stood there awkwardly.

Sarah Harrison, on the other hand, looked excited. “Dr. Finn, did you come to see me?”

Only then did Monica realize that Finn had come to see Sarah.

She pulled the door open a little and moved to the side.

Finn walked past her.

That’s right. He would never speak a word to her again.

She gritted her teeth and prepared to leave, but she couldn’t help but look back. Monica saw that Sarah’s eyes were glittering like stars. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Why are you here? I thought you wouldn’t even come.” Sarah said excitedly.

She was visibly happy.

Monica felt as if she was seeing her past self, back when she was pursuing Finn.

At that time, she was as innocent as Sarah. She felt that she would have the world as long as Finn was around.

Finn’s tone was cold. “I’m here to remind you to cooperate with the doctor’s treatment. Don’t throw the medicine you should take into the trash can.”

Sarah took no offense though she was being told off by Finn.

She stuck out her tongue mischievously.

Sarah was actually doing it on purpose. She knew that if she did not cooperate with the doctor’s treatment, the doctor would definitely go to Finn. Then Finn would have no choice but to come and nag at her.

She didn’t care about Finn’s attitude toward her since she only wanted to see him.

Finn had no time to dwell on Sarah’s train of thought. He picked up the pill and poured Sarah a glass of water. “Take it.”

Sarah obediently down it in one gulp.

After watching Sarah eat her medicine, Finn turned and walked away.

“Dr. Finn, can’t you accompany me for a while? My parents are too busy to accompany me and my aunt is busy at the moment. My cousin’s also leaving now and I’ll be all alone in the hospital...” Sarah said pitifully.

Monica wasn’t sure why she hadn’t left.

She watched Sarah’s cute act and her attempt to appeal to Finn.

“No matter what, I got into an accident because of you. You should be taking care of me until I recover!” Sarah was utterly shameless.

Monica thought that Sarah might actually get together with Finn.

Once Finn began to accept someone, it was a done deal.

That was how Monica had pursued him back then too.

In the beginning, Finn was like an iceberg that she could not melt no matter how hard she tried.

However, once the iceberg began to show signs of melting, Finn’s cold facade slowly melted away.

She walked out of the ward silently.

Monica never thought that the person who would snatch Finn away from her one day would be Sarah, who was just a little brat compared to her.

In truth, Sarah has grown into a young adult and now has the charms of a woman.

She was, in fact, quite pretty.

But Monica overlooked this as she did not see Sarah Harrison as an adult.

Monica walked to the entrance of the hospital.

It was quite difficult to get a taxi at this hour, so she took out her phone and opened the Uber app to call a car.

Monica did not see a black car drive away as she was busy with her phone.

Finn glanced at Monica on the side of the street and he sped up a little.

He looked in the rearview mirror at the cars behind him and he called Nox.

Nox Winter sounded a little confused. “Finn.”

“Still asleep?”

“Sigh, I was tricked by a girl last night...”

“Aright, that’s enough,” Finn interrupted him.

Nox chuckled. “You’re still shy even at this age.”

“I’m just not interested.”

“What are you? A virgin?”