Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 754: Monica and Michael’s Conflict

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“Monica, don’t be so shameless.” Reese did not want to play along with Monica either. At this moment, their fallout was confirmed.

Monica sneered.

She said, “Mrs. Ross, I’ve sacrificed so much to help your son climb to glory. It’s fine if you don’t thank me, but you dare belittle me? Is this how high-ranking officials show their thanks? I’ve sure seen enough.”

The sarcasm in her tone angered Reese. “What sacrifice? You only did it because you wanted to curry favor with Michael and us. If anything happens in the future, Michael will definitely not sit back and do nothing! You only want the power and influence of the Rosses! Otherwise, who would be stupid enough to get a divorce just to help a man they don’t even love? I can see through your thoughts, Monica. I didn’t say this out loud back then because I didn’t want to embarrass you.”

Monica had to restrain herself from slapping Reese across the face.

It was the first time she had been tangled in such a scene.

Monica said coldly, “You’re right. I was stupid to help your son and your family to regain it’s former glory. I’m no longer that stupid, so I’ll break up with your son immediately. I would advise you not to appear in front of me again, Mrs. Ross. I’m afraid I’ll vomit from disgust.”

“Monica!” Reese’s expression changed completely. “I didn’t come here to ask you to break up with my son. Don’t threaten me. I won’t be threatened by the likes of you! With how Michael’s faring in his career, it won’t affect him much even if you broke up now. If it weren’t for the fact that my son really likes you, I wouldn’t have considered allowing you to be part of the Rosses. I’m only here today to ask you to watch yourself. As the future young madam of the Rosses, you mustn’t go to those sort of filthy places again!”

Monica stared at Reese.

What filthy place? Where did she go to warrant that judgment?

Reese didn’t want to waste time with Monica any longer. She took out her phone and flipped open the news. She found a news site with the headline. It said—”Michael’s first love and the girlfriend he loves heads to the nightclub night after night.”

Monica rolled her eyes and scoffed.

“Do you know how much you’re affecting my son’s image?” Reese said fiercely. “If it wasn’t because my son used his connections to deal with the news, it would have gone viral all over by now! Do you want to embarrass my son by telling the world that he fell in love with a woman who only knows how to indulge in nightclubs? You’re trampling on his dignity!”

“That’s enough.” Monica really didn’t want to tangle with Reese anymore.

She never had a good impression of that woman. It was only when Reese suddenly softened her attitude that Monica changed her opinion slightly. But old habits die hard. Now that Monica knew Reese disliked her, there was no need for Monica to be nice.

Monica said, “Rest assured, I’m going to break up with Michael today.”

“Monica, are you threatening me?!”

“I don’t care what you think, please leave my house immediately!”

“How could you?!”

Monica had never been a pushover. She yanked Reese roughly, who was sitting on the sofa, to her feet.

Reese lost her balance and was almost thrown to the ground.

“Let go of me. How rude of you to treat your elders like this!”

“Monica, I told you to let go of me, you uneducated thing...”

Monica pushed Reese out of her door.

“Bang!”

The door slammed shut.

Reese was extremely furious. She had come today to put Monica in her place.

She knew very well that sooner or later his son would marry Monica, but she couldn’t let Monica be full of herself. Reese only humbled herself to help her son. If Monica had actually married into the family, Reese had no intention of letting her live a peaceful life.

Now that she saw Monica’s attitude, a headache was developing. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

She turned to leave when the door suddenly opened.

Monica threw out Reese’s haute couture shoes. “Don’t ever show up in front of me again!”