Chapter 766: Jenifer Playing Tricks, An Exciting Fight

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Jeanne thought that Joshua’s matter had been exposed, so she did not care too much about it.

What she needed to do now was to find a way to get Joshua’s shares for herself.

After all, there was still Jenifer, and Jeanne was not the first heir.

“It’s Jenifer. Your stepmother is holding a press conference in Lawrence Enterprise’s conference room. She’s accusing you of being heartless to her, saying that you’re an ingrate and that you deliberately incited Chairman Lawrence to do illegal things,”

Jeanne was also stunned at that moment.

Only then was it made clear to her that Michael and Eden had received news of Joshua’s arrest last night.

The two of them could not just sit and wait for the consequences to get them, so they thought of this.

Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

They wanted to use that matter to accuse her and make her the scapegoat.

However, they could dream on.

As she walked out of the office, Amy followed behind her. “President Lawrence, where are you going?”

“Let’s go to the scene to take a look.”

“But now, everyone’s sympathizing with your stepmother. It’s not just the reporters and media. Even some people in the company are secretly–”

“That’s why I should clarify myself.”

With that thought in mind, she walked to the conference room and then pushed open the door.

Jenifer’s heartwrenching cries could be heard from inside. “Let me ask you, have I not treated Jeanne well enough all these years? Her mother passed away when she was eight years old, and I’ve been taking care of her since then. I’ve always been biased toward her, giving her everything she needed first before giving them to my son and daughter. However, I never thought that she would frame Joshua and me for the sake of the family’s inheritance. I really don’t understand why. I’m really disappointed, and that’s why I’m exposing her in front of everyone. I really can’t take it anymore…”

At that, Jenifer cried even harder.

The reporters quickly asked, “Mrs. Lawrence, do you mean Jeanne has been treating you badly all these years? ”

“She has never accepted me, Jasmine, and Joshua. I thought it was because she was still young and that things would get better after a few more years. However, who would’ve thought that she would still be the same after so many years? In front of her grandfather and father, she’s very friendly with me, but behind my back, she’s always picking on me. She would deliberately bump into me when she walks past me and would often secretly call me a b*tch.” The more Jenifer spoke, the harder she cried.

“However, I didn’t want to start a conflict in my family, so I kept it in for so many years. Ever since her grandfather and father passed away, the majority of Lawrence Enterprise’s shares have been given to Joshua, and she has become even more ruthless. From time to time, she would threaten Joshua and me, asking us to give up our shares. We didn’t agree. After all, the Old Master left these shares behind for Joshua. He wanted Joshua to inherit the Lawrence Enterprise. If we gave them to Jeanne, we would be letting the man down, and that was why we didn’t agree to it. Hence, Jeanne relied on her current abilities and the Swans’ help to take full control of Lawrence Enterprise’s decision-making process.”

Jenifer looked pitiful as she said, “You guys might not know why Eden chose to leave Lawrence Enterprise. It wasn’t as he wrote on his Facebook, that it was because he believed Jeanne had the ability to manage Lawrence Enterprise. In fact, Jeanne forced him to leave. Jeanne must’ve said something to Fourth Master Swan since she’s married to him. Eden, the obedient child he has been, naturally wouldn’t resist when his Fourth Uncle told him to leave Lawrence Enterprise.”

“Does that mean Eden left Lawrence Enterprise because Jeanne asked Fourth Master Swan to kick him out?”

“Yes. Jeanne is afraid that Eden is too capable and that she won’t be able to control the entire Lawrence Enterprise.” Jenifer insisted.

“I didn’t expect Jeanne to be such a person.” The reporter could not help but sigh.

Another reporter chimed in, “Isn’t she rich? She has tens of billions of dollars and is married to Fourth Master Swan. She’s so rich, yet she’s still fighting over some small assets with others.”

“That’s right. She’s too greedy.”

The reporters could not help but complain.

However, Jeanne did not walk out.

She was standing in a corner where no one could see her, watching Jenifer’s performance.

After all, she needed a lot of evidence before she could expose Jenifer.

Words were useless, and Jenifer’s accusation would give people preconceived notions about Jeanne.

Jenifer wiped her tears and said, “I know I shouldn’t wash our dirty linen in public, and I never thought that I would one day sit here and expose all of Jeanne’s disguises. Even if Jeanne took control of Lawrence Enterprise, I thought it would be because Joshua was not capable enough and needed Jeanne to take charge of the entire operation. However, I never thought that I would have to criticize Jeanne’s actions like this. I really do want to get along well with Jeanne. From the moment I entered the Lawrence family’s residence, I’ve been treating Jeanne as my own daughter, but…”