Chapter 774: Jenifer Exposed, Utterly Humiliated

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“Jasmine!” Jenifer was enraged. “What exactly did Jeanne threaten you with for you to say such things?”

“I’m not spouting nonsense.” Jasmine was not agitated at all. In fact, she probably did not know what it meant to be agitated anymore. She did not even look at Jenifer and only explained to the reporters at the scene. She said, “I originally thought I could get happiness by snatching what was Jeanne’s. However, I was too naive. God is very fair. He knows those who do evil, so bad people will never have a good ending.”

“My mother plotted against Jeanne by drugging her and wanting my cousin to rape her, but my mother didn’t expect Jeanne to find out in advance. In the end, I was defiled by my cousin the night before my wedding. In order for me to marry Eden successfully, my mother blackmailed all of my relatives and friends to keep it a secret. However, little did I know that Jeanne had recorded everything on a camera, but she didn’t expose me until I tried to frame her with my miscarriage. Only then did she take out the video and ruined my reputation.”

No one believed what Jasmine said. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

It sounded too much like a TV show, and it was the kind that no one could have imagined.

“I cuckolded Eden, but for the sake of his reputation, he didn’t divorce me. He only imprisoned me in the Swans. Then, he started to abuse me. Not only was I beaten beyond recognition by his family every day, but Eden also allowed the servants at home to defile me…” At that moment, Jasmine started to choke up and could not continue her sentence.

However, the reporters at the scene were engaged in a heated discussion as they did not believe what they just heard.

“Is what Jasmine said true? Is Eden like this?”

“I’ve always thought that Eden was a good man. Was his love for Jasmine all an act?”

“This is unimaginable. Is he what they call a d*uchebag?!”

“Even if he was cuckolded, he shouldn’t be so cruel. How did Jasmine survive this entire time?”

The discussion at the scene continued.

Eden, who was watching the live broadcast, was completely enraged.

He violently swept everything on the desk in front of him to the ground. He had never thought that one day, Jasmine would dare to expose him in front of so many people.

He did not have to see the comments to know how badly he had been scolded.

Today was supposed to be the day they ruined Jeanne’s reputation — to make Jeanne finally suffer retribution.

Instead, he was the one who had to bear all the insults.

He was so angry that his body was trembling as he called Michael.

Just as the call got through, Eden shouted at Michael, “Turn off the live broadcast!”

Michael naturally saw everything on the live broadcast.

He said, “It’s too late.”

“What did you say?”

“I said, it’s too late!” Michael enunciated each word. “From the moment you let Jasmine go, you should have expected this to happen.”

He did not expect this to happen.

However, Michael guessed it but did not tell him.

“Michael, if you knew this would happen, why didn’t you say so?”

“It’s no use even if I tell you.”

“At least you could’ve stopped me from embarrassing myself in front of everyone.”

“Eden, there are some things you have to deal with on your own.”

“What do you mean by that?”

“I mean it literally.”

With that, Michael hung up the phone.

Eden looked at his phone and smashed it to pieces.

He really, really wanted to kill Jasmine.

Even stabbing her a thousand would not be enough to vent his hatred for her!

…

At the press conference, Jasmine regained her composure after sobbing for a while.

It was as if she had thought it all through.

She continued, “My mother chose to turn a blind eye to my plight. I begged her to take me away from the Swans, but she said it would be fine after this period of time. She said it would be fine after Eden had vented his anger and thought things through, so she told me to endure it. It was then that I realized that my mother wasn’t only cruel to Jeanne but also to anyone who threatened her interests.”

“Jasmine, are you done with your nonsense?” Jenifer shouted at her frantically.

Jasmine sneered and said, ” No. You’ve done many crimes. I’m afraid I won’t be able to tell them all today.”