Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 791: Monica Discovers Michael’s Disguise

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Accompanied by a sharp voice, Reese slapped Monica’s face hard!

“Monica, how shameless are you?”

Monica was stunned by the slap.

She had no idea when Reese was standing at the door, nor did she expect Reese to hit her all of a sudden.

She could not bring herself to react for a long time.

On the other hand, Michael’s expression darkened.

He stepped forward and grabbed his mother. His voice was filled with anger. “Mom, what are you doing?!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Let me go!” Reese scolded him.

“Mom!”

Reese pushed Michael’s arm away immediately.

Michael naturally would not use too much force on his mother, so he let go of her. However, his expression was still extremely ugly. “Mom, that’s enough!”

“Enough?” Reese sneered. “Monica’s been causing us trouble for so long. She’s the one who has done enough!”

“Stop it!”

“So are you going to continue to allow Monica to be so smug? Who gave a lowly woman like her the right to be so confident in front of you? What gave her the right to be so arrogant in our family? If we don’t put her in her place now, does she really think that we, the Rosses, will let her do whatever she wants?”

“I said, stop!” Michael’s expression was grim.

He pulled his mother along with him and was about to leave when Reese angrily pushed him away again.

Michael clenched his fists, looking very terrifying.

“I want Monica to know what kind of person she is! Where did she get the confidence to be so arrogant with you?”

Michael glared fiercely at Reese. It was obvious that he was getting hostile.

However, Reese did not care. She turned around and faced Monica.

By then, half of Monica’s face was red, and the slap just now had made her black out for a moment.

Never had she expected that Reese would slap her.

At that moment, she finally came to her senses and was about to return Resse with a slap.

However, Reese, seemingly having expected Monica to do such a thing, suddenly grabbed Monica’s arm.

Monica glared at Reese, who said, “Monica, let me tell you now what an idiot you are. I’ll make you understand that you’re nothing to the Rosses and to Michael– Ah!

Reese cried out loud as she did not expect Michael to suddenly push her away.

The moment he pushed her away, Michael grabbed Monica’s hand and walked out.

“Monica, you’re just one of Michael’s chess pieces, a tool of the Rosses!” Reese’s vicious voice came from behind.

Monica, who was being dragged away by Michael, suddenly stopped.

She, at first, did not want to be entangled with Reese. To be precise, she did not want to get entangled with Michael.

That was why she endured that slap Reese gave her just now.

After all, she was here to break up with Michael today. After today, she would have nothing much to do with the Rosses, especially with Reese, so there was no need for her to argue with that woman. She would just treat it as if she had been bitten by a dog but could not bite the dog back.

With that in mind, she followed Michael out of the room.

However, she turned to look at Michael, whose expression was extremely cold, and watched as he trembled and tried to suppress his anger.

Monica asked Michael, “What is your mother talking about?”

Michael did not answer.

“I said, what did your mother mean by that?” Monica enunciated each word.

She admired herself for being so calm at a time like that.

Michael exuded a violent aura, but he was also trying to restrain himself from acting out of anger.

Monica shook off Michael’s hand.

Michael tried to stop her from shaking him off for a while, but he eventually chose to give up.

At that moment, he clenched his fists tightly, as if he was forcing himself to accept that something had happened.

Behind him, Reese strode over to Monica with a triumphant look on her face. “Let me tell you what I meant by what I just said!”

Michael’s eyes narrowed.

Reese glanced at her son and said bluntly, “Why are you hiding it from her? You have to let her know who she is to you. Otherwise, she’ll think she’s so great and that our family is inferior to her!”