Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 792: Monica Discovers Michael’s Disguise

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Michael chose to remain silent.

Reese sneered, so her son also felt that it was time to let Monica face reality!

He should let Monica have some self-awareness.

She turned back to look at Monica and said, “You getting back together with Michael was just part of the Rosses’ ploy. All that about Michael’s reputation getting worse because of you and that Michael wasn’t getting elected because of you were just a show that we put on! Do you really think that you’re indispensable to us?”

“What did you just say?” Monica gritted her teeth, and her body was trembling.

“I said, we were just using you! It was only because the leader was afraid of the power we possess and that if Michael gets married to one of the Sanders’ princesses, it would affect their political power. That was why Michael deliberately expressed his love for you. It was just to hide it from the others and gain the trust of the Sanders so that Michael could go further in the political scene! Otherwise, do you think we need you? Do you really think you’re the Rosses’ savior? You’re just an idiot who thinks you’re so great when, in fact, you’ve been played by us!”

“Is that so?” Monica asked Reese coldly.

In fact, that question was directed at Michael.

In order to help Michael, she divorced the man she loved the most and chose to be abandoned by her loved ones.

In order to help him, she had done so much, or she thought that had done a lot of good.

In the end, it turned out she had been tricked and played like a fiddle.

Her eyes were red as she turned and glared at Michael. “Is that so? So everything was just an act, huh?”

Michael looked at Monica and suddenly said, “Yes.”

That one word was enough to make her world come crashing down.

It did not hurt her that much. After all, she did not love Michael, so he could not hurt her.

However, it fundamentally changed her understanding of the world and her understanding of human nature.

She laughed coldly and said, “It turns out that I’m the only one who couldn’t see what everyone saw. What Finn said was true, but I still believed you without hesitation. No wonder Finn wasn’t willing to wait for me. No wonder he gave up on me. It turns out that I was really too stupid. I thought that after helping you, I would be able to escape unscathed and have nothing to do with you anymore…”

While laughing and speaking, Monica’s tears eventually overflowed.

This time, reality had really slapped her in the face, and it was much more painful than Reese’s slap.

Everything that she thought was right.

Everything she thought she was — noble, kind, thoughtful— was all just a joke.

She thought that even if she had broken up with Finn and he did not want her anymore, she did not owe him anything for their relationship. It was Finn who had chosen to let go and abandon her. Even if it was many years later, she would not regret everything she had done. However, she did not have to wait so long for her to regret it all.

She regretted ruining her relationship and lost Finn all for the sinister and cunning Michael.

In fact, she was the stupid one for losing Finn. It was not that Finn was too cruel and cold-blooded.

She was just stupid.

Suddenly, Monica laughed hideously again, with tears in her eyes.

Michael wanted to approach Monica several times, but he chose to remain silent.

He had never thought of laying his cards on the table with Monica, but when his mother chose to use such a method, he chose to acquiesce.

He was done with putting up a show with Monica, and what was more, he could not find a reason to stop Monica from leaving him.

Hence, he might as well make it clear to Monica.

He should explain everything clearly and let Monica know that from the moment she decided to help him, she could not leave his side.

He looked at Monica and at her laughing miserably.

He knew how upset she was, but in the face of his career, he had to sacrifice love.

“Michael, you don’t know how much I hate you.”

“I do know,” Michael replied.

Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)