Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 798: Exciting and Intense, Rescuing Jeanne

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

At night, the world was silent.

A row of cars drove majestically toward the base of M Underground Organization.

Edward alighted from the car and hid in the dark, waiting for an opportunity to strike.

The people on guard duty in the base issued the alarm, meaning that Kingsley’s team had been discovered.

Immediately after, a deep voice warned, “Who’s there? Stop right there! If you go any further, we’ll shoot!”

Kingsley pretended not to hear it and ordered his men to drive straight to the base.

The guard on duty shouted three times before sounds of guns and ammunition filled the sky, signaling that the war was about to break out.

Countless bullets hit Kingsley’s reinforced cars. There was only the sound of bullets, but not a single car was pierced through. In fact, a row of cars was still approaching the base with an imposing aura.

The people in the base also received an order at that moment to open the gates, and a few cars drove out to fight Kingsley’s troops head-on.

Edward took the opportunity to sneak into the base.

At that moment, M Underground Organization’s attention would only be on Kingsley’s menacing approach. At least for that moment, they would not expect someone to sneak in and hide, so now was the best time.

It was clear that K01 thought so too because Edward saw a black figure flash past him.

He glanced in K01’s direction and chose to run in the opposite direction.

There were two paths to enter the base, and K01 went to the back path, which was easier to enter. However, there were two of them, so they should choose two different paths. Those were their only two chances, or they would be easily wiped out.

When it came to saving Jeanne, he could only succeed and not fail. He never even considered that she was already dead.

He firmly believed that she was still alive.

Edward climbed over a wall nimbly. According to the map that Kingsley had given him, there were high-voltage wires on the wall, so he had put on a pair of insulated gloves and avoided the first camera. According to the patrol schedule, he calculated a window period and jumped down. The next second, he quickly hid in a corner that he had planned in advance, waiting for the patrol to pass.

In the dark night, Edward held his breath as three people walked past him.

However, one person was missing, which meant that one of them should have been sent out to support those outside.

That also meant that the people inside had started to let down their guard.

After realizing that fact, Edward realized that he could not take it lightly.

As soon as the group of patrollers left, he quickly entered the base and went into the building.

Although a group of people had been sent out to deal with what was happening outside, the inside was still heavily guarded. Many people were patrolling back and forth, and moving through the entire base while avoiding the cameras and patrols would be no easy task. At that moment, it was even a little difficult to move.

Edward made a prompt decision.

He looked left and right, and in a hidden corner, he suddenly reached out and grabbed a patrol who was rushing out. He quickly covered the patrol’s mouth and pressed him to the ground with his hands around the patrol’s neck.

The man died under him.

However, he had no time to waste as he dragged the man’s body into the corner and quickly got changed in a hidden corner.

It was only by disguising themself as the other party would he be able to infiltrate the innermost area, after all.

Hence, he quickly took off the patrol’s clothes, got changed, and walked out of the dark corner.

Many people around him started to come out for reinforcements.

He was very fast, and because of the order, no one noticed his unusual behavior — he went in the opposite direction.

It was a big industrial-style house. It was not considered luxurious, and the inside was messy, but it was difficult to determine where Jeanne was at first glance.

Edward walked in casually.

When he was reading the map, he spent the most time on that building. Although there were no overly complicated decorations or structures, there were many rooms inside. There were at least 50 rooms, and he might not have had enough time to check each room.

The sweat on his forehead started to drip down.

He did not have much time.

He had to find Jeanne and rescue her before Kingsley took down M Underground Organization. Otherwise, M Underground Organization would use her to threaten Kingsley, and there was a high chance that they would kill her!

After all, those who received illegal money and sold illegal goods were all desperadoes. Death was a common occurrence for them, so they would not feel sorry for any life, no matter who it was.