Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 825: Jeanne’s Soft Spot for Edward

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

It was a quiet night.

However, because of the group’s pursuit, it became full of ups and downs.

In the forest, Finn led his men quickly to the destination.

He knew that the underground passage was closer than the path he was taking now. If he did not hurry, he would miss his chance to save the Fourth Master.

At that thought, Finn’s footsteps quickened. In fact, he was sprinting.

About ten minutes later, Finn and his men arrived at the end of the forest, and he suddenly had everyone hide.

At that moment, they saw a group of people suddenly appear in their field of vision.

Everyone held their breath.

All of them were secretly regulating their breathing due to the crazy running just now while waiting for the right moment.

Finn also regulated his heart rate and calmed himself down instantly.

He looked at the group of people who had appeared in front of him. Through the moonlight, he could only make out their silhouettes, but he checked them one by one and tried guessing their identities.

The one at the front leading the way should be the assassin he had seen before.

Next, judging from his figure and position, was Kingsley.

The person beside Kingsley was much smaller, so it was Jeanne.

Following closely behind Jeanne was the assassin who was supposed to protect her. Judging from his figure, he was probably K01.

Behind them…

Finn’s eyes narrowed.

Behind them, one of them was dragging another. If he was not mistaken, the person being dragged was the Fourth Master.

Behind the Fourth Master, there were two more assassins.

Therefore, other than Fourth Master Swan, there were a total of seven people.

After confirming it, Finn was thinking about how to rescue Fourth Master Swan.

It was not easy for him to catch up to Fourth Master Swan, so he needed to think calmly about how to guarantee that he could save Fourth Master Swan safely.

This time, Finn and Nox had brought a total of 15 people. Finn had seven people with him, and Nox had eight. However, two died in the shootout at the building. Hence, Finn still had seven people with him, while Nox had six.

If Nox was with him now, there would be a total of 15 people, including the two of them.

With the 15 of them against Kingsley’s seven, their chances of winning would be obvious.

However, Nox still had not caught up yet.

Right now, he could only deal with Kingsley’s group of seven with his team of eight people.

He did not think there was much of a chance of winning.

After all, since Kingsley had personally come out, the people with him were definitely top-notch assassins. Although the men they brought with them were also elites, they were far comparable to the trained assassins. Finn even believed that the assassins who had stayed in the villa to fight with them must have been the weakest among the assassins, and even those people managed to kill two of their men…

His eyes flickered when the group of seven suddenly stopped in their tracks.

Finn had been lurking and observing their every move, not daring to take any risks, because he needed to analyze the situation and wait for an opportunity to strike.

He was waiting for the moment when they were caught off guard to create the best opportunity. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

He remained calm, but his forehead was still covered in sweat due to how tense he was feeling.

In front of him, the two assassins walked to the side, squatted down, and pushed away the thick layer of leaves on the ground. They were huge leaves.

Finn observed carefully.

If nothing unexpected happened, there should be a helicopter hidden below.

Sure enough, after the leaves were removed, he saw a propeller before the entire body of the helicopter appeared.

Then, the two assassins jumped into the helicopter first.

Finn’s eyes narrowed.

That time was their only window.

With that, he made a hand gesture, and a gunshot directly hit the helicopter’s propeller.

Following the sudden loud bang, the group of people who were preparing to board the helicopter quickly hid.

At that moment, Finn led his men and started to attack as he could not let Fourth Master get on the helicopter. Hence, the first thing he had to control was the entrance of the helicopter.

Under the cover of his men, he shuttled back and forth frantically.

He approached the helicopter’s entrance and hid around it.

When two assassins heard the gunshots. one of them started the helicopter, and the other came out to help.

Just as he popped his head out, Finn aimed at his head and shot him dead.

The person piloting the helicopter also heard the sound at that moment. Hence, he quickly let go of the helicopter’s steering wheel, took a gun, and fired directly at the place where the shot had just been fired.

By then, Finn was already crawling on the ground and turning to the other side of the helicopter.