Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

885 While the Wedding Was Going On

Michael’s self-discipline was terrifying.

On the other hand, Monica had drunk a lot.

Brie and the best man also drank a lot with her.

Michael knew that Monica liked to drink and was sometimes even addicted to drinking.

Therefore, he was used to Monica’s actions and would not be suspicious.

After dinner, Monica felt that the alcohol had somewhat gotten to her head.

Her alcohol tolerance was not bad. If she was starting to feel that, the others should not be any better.

Even so, Brie was able to remain calm while not drinking any less than her Monica.

This was probably the reason Michael kept her by his side. Brie could make up for his only flaw in socializing.

They left through the dining room.

Michael felt a little dizzy.

He did not drink much and still felt very dizzy.

Despite that, he did not suspect much because his alcohol tolerance was indeed very poor.

He just could not train it no matter how hard he tried.

He had once drunk until his stomach bled, but it still did not increase his alcohol tolerance.

Later on, he stopped drinking so much and chose to let someone replace him.

As long as he knew how to socialize at the dining table, it did not matter if he drank or not.

“Director Ross.” Brie quickly supported him.

Monica watched from the side.

Michael was in a daze for a second, causing him to fall back slightly. With Brie’s help, he instantly woke up.

“It’s fine.” He remained calm and said to Monica, “I’ll send you back.”

“There’s no need for that. You should go back and rest early. You look like you’re drunk,” Monica said.

At this moment, Michael’s face was also very red. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

It was frighteningly red.

Monica knew that the drug had taken effect.

The drug that she had especially found was very slow in coming into effect. Clearly, it was just right at this moment.

Michael still wanted to say something.

Monica had asked the waiter to call a taxi for her and left.

Michael felt a little dizzy, so he did not force her.

After Monica left, Brie said, “I’ll send you back.”

Michael did not refuse.

He trusted Brie very much. The two of them grew up together. After graduation, they entered the Quality Inspection Hall together. Brie was always by his side and was his right-hand man. For countless social nights, she would send Michael back or he would send her back. The two of them cooperated very well at work.

When Brie left, she did not forget to remind the best man of the time to gather tomorrow. She only helped Michael into his car after taking care of everything for him. The hotel boy drove them back.

As soon as Michael got into the car, he fell asleep.

He felt very dizzy, and his mind became blurry.

Brie stayed by his side quietly.

Ultimately, her suppressed emotions were revealed in a place that no one could see.

After so many years…

Brie had liked Michael for so many years, but his attitude toward her was very clear. Other than their working relationship, they were just friends, and they could not cross the line. In fact, Brie had tolerated it for many years and waited for Michael for many years. She had always silently contributed, but in the end, he still wanted to marry Monica.

Brie had secretly investigated Monica. She really felt that Monica was worthless and was not worthy of Michael.

She did not know why Michael must like this woman even though she knew his motive.

She knew very well that Michael would still deal with the Cardellinis in the end, but from a relationship standpoint, he liked Monica, after all.

Brie endured it. She tried her best to endure it.

Tomorrow was Michael’s wedding.

It would be his wedding with someone else. In fact, it was very difficult for her to remain calm.

When Brie saw the wedding dress that Michael had prepared for Monica, she felt so jealous that she wanted to go crazy.

What right did the useless Monica have to receive Michael’s love?

Brie was filled with negative emotions, causing her face to look distorted.

The car soon arrived at Michael’s private residence.

Brie helped Michael get off.

At that time, Michael was a little unconscious. He was lying on Brie’s body. With her help, he walked into the neighborhood in messy steps.

No one noticed that a taxi had also stopped at the entrance of the neighborhood.

Monica paid and quickly followed the two figures.

She wanted to go and take many pictures.

Since she had no one to help her, Jeannie let her rely on herself.

Monica, who had never done anything bad before, was extremely nervous.