Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 894 Humiliated At the Wedding, Michael Is 

Utterly Embarrassed!

The crowd was in an uproar again.

No one could believe what they just heard. They refused to believe that Reese was the one who said those words!

Reese's beautiful face instantly turned pale. Having been exposed, the noble lady just now was now pale with panic.

Reese was not the only one as Michael was also stunned by the sudden recording.

Just as he was about to ask someone to turn off the recording, the dark high-definition screen suddenly started playing a video.

The video was a little dark, so he could not tell what it was. However, he took a closer look, and the crowd went crazy again.

Even though the video quality was not clear, one could still see that it was a scene of two people in bed. The image was very explicit, but of course, some parts had been censored. After all, there were many underaged participants at the scene, so a lot of editing was done.

Nevertheless, even if it had been modified, one could still clearly see that two people were glued together…

That was right. It was Michael and his bridesmaid, Brie, but not his bride today, Monica.

In the banquet hall, everyone could not help but start discussing. The wedding that moved people to tears just a moment ago had become disgusting and embarrassing.

The video did not last long. The main part of Jeanne's editing was to let everyone know that Michael was having an affair.

In the noisy banquet hall, not a single guest left. Everyone seemed to be waiting to see how the wedding would end.

Michael initially wanted to redeem himself, but at that moment, he seemed to have suddenly accepted it.

It was all thanks to his strong endurance that he did not go crazy on the spot.

However, he had to admit that no matter how strong his mind was, his expression was still extremely ferocious when being sized up like that.

Moreover, he knew that everything was Monica's doing.

He had indeed neglected Monica.

He had always thought that she knew nothing about scheming against others, so he did not expect her to scheme against him one day.

The anger he was holding back made Monica feel that Michael might bring her down with him in the next second.

After all, that was the first time in Michael's life that he had been humiliated in public.

He had always pursued perfection. Not to mention making a fool of himself in front of so many people, but even in private, no one had said a single bad word about him. All of them were affirmations and praise for him.

Today, he was probably furious.

Monica let go of Michael's arm. She could finally let go of him and not pretend anymore.

She said, "Michael, this is called an eye for an eye."

Michael glared at Monica, the woman who had pulled him down from the sky and thrown him to the ground.

"From now on, we don't owe each other anything. We'll live our own lives." Monica enunciated each word clearly.

That was the best ending she could think of for them.

She felt that Michael had used her and ruined her marriage and happiness. Hence, now that she had retaliated and made Michael lose his dignity, the two were even. From now on, they would mind their own business and go their own separate ways.

"Monica," Michael called out her name. At that moment, the horror on his face made Monica's heart clench.

However, she straightened her back and faced him coldly.

"Were you the one who planned the affair with Brie yesterday?" Michael asked her.

"Yes." Monica immediately admitted, "I drugged you."

Michael clenched his fists, trying hard to control himself.

"To take revenge on you for drugging Finn last time." Monica paused after every word.

21:17

"You know about that?" Michael asked her coldly.

"I know a lot, but it's no longer important now because I don't like you. Nothing you do is important to me anymore." Monica took off the tiara on her head in front of everyone.

Michael looked at her. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"Goodbye, Michael!" Monica turned around, lifted her gown, and was about to leave.

Michael looked at Monica's back as she left.

He really had the impulse to bring Monica down with him, but no. Before things get worse, he could not be impulsive.

Suddenly, Monica stopped in her tracks.