Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 895 Humiliated At the Wedding, Michael Is 

Utterly Embarrassed!

She walked over to Reese.

The expression on Reese's face had changed completely. She no longer had the reservedness and elegance of a noble lady. At that moment, she was flustered, embarrassed, and ashamed!

Reese looked up at Monica.

She could not believe that the b*tch dared to scheme against her and Michael, humiliate them in public, and embarrass them.

When she thought about how she had purposely accepted an interview with the reporters before the wedding today and said that she did not collect the dowry in front of everyone, she could imagine how the media would report about her and her son on the news.

Her son had always been admired by others and had always been high and mighty. Moreover, he was the youngest director and the rarest talent in Harken.

Michael had even been selected as the most outstanding youth in the country many times.

Yet, the commendation and reputation he had received were all ruined by Monica today.

What Michael said about liking Monica when there was no benefit to be gained made him look like a profit-seeking villain, and the video of him cheating on his wife the night before his wedding made Michael a sc*mbag.

Michael's great future was ruined!

No. Reese could not accept that she, who had always been superior, would encounter such a bolt out of the blue.

She looked at Monica in front of her and wanted to beat that woman to death and die a terrible death.

"Mrs. Ross, I'm really not worthy to be part of the family. I'm out of Michael's league." Monica vented all the humiliation she had suffered to Reese.

She might feel a little guilty toward Michael, but she had no pity for that woman.

She said, "You're right. There are many women who like Michael. Even if I don't marry him, many people will be willing to marry him. I wish your family the best in marrying a daughter-in-law that you like–"

"Monica!" Reese was almost driven mad by Monica's sarcasm.

Michael had already been put in such a state by her, and she still had the nerve to say such sarcastic words.

She had already put Michael in such a state, yet she still have the nerve to make such sarcastic remarks. She still had the cheek to...

Reese gave Monica a tight slap across the face.

That action made everyone at the scene a little restless.

At that moment, Gary hurried onto the stage. As for Michael and his mother being exposed in public, he was really happy about it.

At such an old age, he felt really satisfied, and nothing had ever made him so happy. Hence, at that moment, he was a little lost in thought.

He could help but acknowledge his daughter. He never thought that his silly daughter could really scheme against Michael.

Seeing that Reese was going crazy, he quickly went to help his daughter.

Monica had anticipated Reese to do that, so she also grabbed Reese's arm.

Reese glared at Monica before her body was suddenly pushed away in the next moment.

Gary forcefully pushed Reese a few steps back. As a result, Reese lost her balance and hit the screen behind her in a sorry state.

Gary shouted at her, "Monica is the treasure of the Cardellinis. I won't allow you to treat her like this!"

Reese glared at the father and daughter.

At that moment, her body was trembling. However, because she could not beat or scold them, she could only look at them in anger.

Gary brought Monica along and asked the staff at the side to pass him the microphone.

For the first time, Monica felt that her father looked really handsome when he protected her.

Gary held the microphone and his daughter's hand. Facing all the guests, he said, "Monica has been pampered by her mother and me since she was young. We're afraid of her crying, being in pain, being wronged, and being sad. We can't bear to see her get hurt or shed a single tear! Let me ask you, is there a child who isn't loved by their parents? Since the prestigious Rosses look down on the children of businessmen, I, Gary, will not let my daughter marry into such a family and be trampled on like this. I hereby officially announce that the wedding between the Cardellinis and the Rosses is over. The marriage between Monica and Michael is over!"

Gary's righteous words were powerful.

The warm applause at the scene was a recognition of the Cardellinis and a mockery of the Rosses!

Michael looked at everyone and then at Monica coldly. The cruelty in his eyes was obvious.

"I'm very sorry that everyone had to attend this ridiculous wedding today. After this, we will personally send some gifts to your residences to thank you for your coming today. This wedding is over," Gary announced.

Naturally, the wedding banquet would not proceed.

Since the wedding was over, what was the point of having a banquet?

Everyone at the scene did not say much. They simply got up one after another and prepared to leave.

The moment the lights were turned on, a stern voice suddenly sounded. "No one is allowed to leave! We've just received news that a foreign spy has infiltrated the banquet hall and is attempting an assassination. No one is allowed to leave until we confirm the existence of this person!"

In an instant, many people in black suits suddenly appeared in the banquet hall and sealed the exit.

Due to the sudden bout, the scene instantly became chaotic again.

Monica was also a little shocked and confused.

At that moment, Gary was protecting his daughter behind him as he, too, watched as many government officials and guards appeared at the scene.

They surrounded the entire banquet hall.

"Everyone, stay calm and don't panic. We won't cause you any harm. As long as you cooperate with our search, we'll let you go immediately. Please cooperate!" The stern voice sounded again.

Everyone at the scene looked at each other.

However, because they were all officials, no one dared to act rashly.

Besides, everyone here was a person of status, so they would not do anything that would make them lose their status.

"Everyone, please return to your original positions!" The voice in the hall continued to give instructions. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Everyone followed the arrangement and returned to their seats.

Gary brought Monica back to their seats at the banquet, while Michael and Reese were taken to the side to be searched by the Sanders.

In a corner of the hall, Finn, who was in disguise, said to a miniature microphone at his collar, "I've been discovered."