Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 896 A Thrilling Escape From Danger

At the wedding banquet hall and in a dark space, because all the guests' attention was on the stage at that moment, no one noticed the hidden operation among passing waiters.

Only Finn, who was in disguise, noticed it.

He had mixed in with the waiters and followed them to serve the dishes while carefully observing the movements of the people around him.

He lowered his voice and said through the miniature microphone hidden at his collar, "We're getting close."

His voice was directly transmitted into Edward and Nox's ears.

At that moment, the two of them were seated at the same table. Their gazes were the same as everyone else's, and they seemed completely focused on the newlyweds.

The plot was now in a reversal.

What was supposed to be a good wedding had suddenly become a joke. It had suddenly become the Rosses's greatest humiliation.

Nox was a little excited.

Nevertheless, it did not stop him from paying attention to the signal Finn was sending.

He muttered as if he was telling Edward, "You don't care about such an exciting scene?"

In fact, it was a message for Finn.

After all, it was obvious that it was Monica's scheme to break off the marriage, but was Finn unmoved by it?

As Nox did not get a response, he continued, "I see that Michael's face has turned green. I'm afraid that it will be difficult for him to go into politics after this. Monica's actions have impressed me."

He just spoke casually to deliberately confuse others and make them think that he was very interested in today's event.

On the other hand, all of Finn's attention was on Alex Duncan, who had disguised his identity. Hence, Finn did not look at the stage for a even second even though he heard the discussions of the people around him questioning Michael.

At the same time, another force in the banquet hall was also monitoring the entire situation.

In a dark corner, a person reported to the microphone, "I don't see any movements from Fourth Master Swan and Nox. They seem to be very interested in today's wedding."

"Keep watching."

"Yes."

The banquet and the exposé continued.

Finn, who had been paying attention to his surroundings, suddenly narrowed his eyes. "I'm going to take action."

He was saying that he was going to start disrupting the Hills' operation.

Edward and Nox's hearts suddenly did a flip, but their facial expressions remained unchanged.

After Finn finished speaking, he walked directly to the waiter.

At that moment, the waiter had already skillfully cut the hair of a few guests and was turning around to walk to the other side.

His actions were done in one go, and if one did not pay special attention to him, they would not notice anything strange.

In fact, none of the guests were Alex Duncan. Finn's approach was just to confuse them.

Finn walked toward the waiter and brushed past him.

He was holding a tray with a few glasses of wine on it. It seemed like an unintentional movement, but when the two of them passed each other, they suddenly bumped into each other.

Finn hurriedly apologized. "I'm sorry."

As he spoke, he used the handkerchief he carried with him to wipe the waiter's clothes that were wet from the wine.

"No need." The waiter directly pushed Finn away.

Finn nodded and did not say anything else. Instead, he turned and walked directly to the side as if he was continuing with serving the guests.

The waiter did not attract too much attention to himself either. He turned around and walked toward the assassin who was his counterpart. He had only taken a few steps when he felt that something was amiss. The more he thought about it, the more he realized that something was off.

He touched his pocket and realized that it was wet from the wine.

Suddenly, he had a bad feeling.

He quickly said to the assassin who was his counterpart. "Something might have gone wrong just now."

The assassin looked at him.

"Someone deliberately bumped into me, and I don't know if the hair in my pocket has been swapped," the assassin said bluntly. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"What table?" someone asked.

"Number 19."

"Alright, continue in your order, and I'll do it again for you."

"Yes."

The waiter left.

Jeanne was the one who received them. After taking the locks of hair, she turned and walked to the side.

She handed the hair to Lucy and said bluntly, "Someone is trying to stop us."

Lucy frowned.

"They should be Edward's men."

"Yes." Lucy nodded.

"I'm going over to provide support now. Arrange for another person to take over my work."

"Be careful."

"Alright," she said.

Jeanne nodded and then walked from one side to the other.