Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 919  Have You Really Let Go of Finn?

Ron's heart ached for his daughter, so he did not refute his wife's words.

Finn did not participate in their conversation. He knew very well that Monica would cry and make a fuss even when she scraped her skin a little. At least, she used to. Now, It seemed she had changed a lot…

"Finn, sit." Yvonne quickly called out to Finn.

She had previously disdained Finn for being too old and had been very opposed to him dating Sarah. Now that Finn saved Sarah from the fire, she could not go against Sarah's insistence and had compromised.

Finn thanked her politely and said, "Auntie, can I have a few words alone with Sarah?"

"Of course." Yvonne smiled. "We've all been through this before. We understand. It's just that…" Yvonne was obviously still worried.

Finn looked at her.

Yvonne hesitated for a moment. For her daughter's sake, she decided to be honest. "I've discussed with Sarah's father about you and Sarah dating, and we've agreed to it. However, Sarah's still young. She just turned eighteen and hasn't even graduated from high school yet. We hope that you two won't affect Sarah's studies. The main thing is… I know that you'll definitely be intimate while dating, and..."

"Mom!" Sarah's face was completely red.

Yvonne was also a little embarrassed, but she continued, "I'm doing this for your own good. You're still so young. You can not do adult things."

"I'm eighteen years old. That means I'm an adult. You don't get to have to say about my matters anymore."

"You…"

"Don't worry," Finn said with certainty. "I won't do anything out of line with Sarah."

Sarah was very upset. It was not easy to seduce Finn, to begin with. Now, her mother had done this to her.

"I'm relieved to hear you say that. It's only for a year. When Sarah goes to college, I won't care so much anymore," Yvonne said happily.

Finn nodded.

"Then we'll head out first so you can talk it out. There's no hurry. We'll just be next door accompanying Monica." Yvonne quickly pulled Ron out. When she left, she even closed the door behind her.

Only the two of them were left in the ward now.

Sarah was still a little shy. She said, "You don't have to take my mother's words to heart. I'm already eighteen…" Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"I'm here to tell you that what I said at the banquet today was untrue," Finn spoke bluntly.

Sarah's face turned pale. Her eyes were red, and she looked at him in pain.

"Due to reasons I can not disclose, I hope you can date me. I want people to think we're dating," Finn said straightforwardly.

"You mean we would pretend to be a couple?" Sarah's tears rolled down her cheeks.

Finn nodded, his voice still cold. "If you're unwilling, I won't force you."

"Why are you doing this?" Sarah asked. She did not understand why Finn was like this.

Though, after today's incident, no matter how stupid she was, she realized that Finn was not simple at all. It seemed to have secrets that he could not let others know.

"I can't tell you. I can only promise to try my best to protect you and not let you get hurt because of me."

"Do you think that injuries are only superficial?" Sarah said uncomfortably. The heartache was even more painful now.

"Then… I'm sorry for disturbing you, Sarah." Finn turned around and left.

"I'll do it!" Sarah said suddenly and loudly.

Finn pursed his lips. To him, confessing to Sarah in front of so many people would bring trouble if they were not together. The Sanders might even get a hold of it. So, even if he had to put on a pretense, he should at least do it for a while. At least, he should let people think that they were really dating. It would not take too long. Two to three months. Half a year at most.

He said, "Let me be clear with you first. I won't develop feelings for you."

"Finn, you're not as cold as you appear to be!" Sarah was certain. "Why else would you rush into the fire to save me?!"

Finn's throat moved slightly. There were some things he dared not say out loud.

"You came to save me, which means you aren't that indifferent to me. Finn, I will make you fall for me," Sarah said loudly as if she was making an oath.