Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

974 How Should She Repay Jeannie?

She did not need to care about her reputation in front of him. In any case, Finn had already seen the stupidest side of her, so nothing else could be worse.

At that moment, she forced herself to smile and look nonchalant about it. She said, “Are you patrolling the wards?”

Finn nodded.

For a second, his gaze seemed to land on her teary eyes, but it also seemed like an illusion.

Monica did not notice anything, so she went forward and opened the door for Finn politely.

Finn did not know when it started, but Monica had begun to treat him with caution and was even overly respectful toward him.

Finn walked straight into the ward without any expression on his face

Seeing that Finn had entered the room, Monica slowly closed the door. Her mother was a light sleeper, and she was afraid of waking her up.

Finn then performed a routine check on Gary. After confirming that everything was normal, he turned around and left. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

When he left, he whispered in Monica’s ear, “Come to my office tomorrow morning, and we’ll talk about your father’s surgery.”

“Alright,” Monica agreed.

Finn left after giving his instructions, and Monica returned to her mother’s side and quietly lay down.

Then, she opened her eyes as she could not fall asleep.

There were too many things on her mind — the company, her father’s surgery…

All of that was too much for her, and she was really afraid that she could not hold deal with them.

…

Early in the morning, Monica lifted the blanket and got out of bed.

She had slept for two hours, but she could not fall back asleep after she woke up. Considering that, she thought she might as well get out of bed.

She remembered that Finn usually got up very early.

Back when the two of them were still living under the same roof, there was once when she came back from a nightclub in the morning and saw Finn doing his morning exercise at home. She almost thought that Finn had just gotten off work when, in fact, he had already woken up.

Since then, she knew that Finn did not have the habit of sleeping in. He would wake up around 6 a.m. every day, and his self-discipline was terrifying.

It was almost 6 a.m. now. If she went to see Finn, he should be up by now.

In her mind, she knew she had a lot of things to do today.

Jeannie must have done a lot for her already, but she could not just rely on Jeannie and hide in an ivory tower forever.

‘Til now, she really believed that people could not live a comfortable life for too long, or they would be envied by the heavens and punished.

She walked to the door of Finn’s office.

Just as she was about to knock on the door, the office door opened by itself. It seemed like it was not closed properly.

However, Finn did not seem to be in the office.

Was he still sleeping?

Should she leave first or go in and wait for him inside?

Monica was conflicted for a while.

However, she thought that since she was already here and that she might wake her parents up if she went back now, she walked straight into Finn’s office and sat on the sofa to wait for him

She suddenly remembered that she used to sit on that sofa often when her father came for his regular check-ups, and there was even a nurse who made her tea.

Now that she thought about it, she felt a little sentimental about everything that had changed.

She waited quietly on the sofa for a long time.

When it was almost 7 a.m., Monica began to doubt whether Finn had overslept or was he not in the office at all.

After all, she could not wait forever.

Perhaps Finn wanted her to look for him during working hours.

His working hours started at 8:30 a.m. in the morning. The first thing he had to do was lead a team to inspect the wards, and by the time he was done, it would be almost 9 a.m. in the morning.

At the thought of that possibility, Monica immediately got up and wanted to leave. She even felt a little reluctant to leave.

After all, she had been waiting for almost an hour.

Then, she fixed her eyes on the door of the lounge in the office.

She just wanted to take a look.

If Finn was sleeping, she definitely would not disturb him. However, if he was not, it meant that he had gone back last night, and she did not have to wait too long.

With that in mind, Monica carefully opened Finn’s door.

However, the moment she opened the door, her eyes suddenly met with Finn’s.

The point was… What did she just see?!

She saw Finn sitting on the edge of the bed with a pair of wet underwear in his hand, and the lower part of his body was…

She seemed to bump into Finn every time at the worst possible time.

She did not know if it was her bad luck or Finn’s, but she had been very careful.