Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1465: Explosive Growth in Battle Strength

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Lang Ya blessed land, Cloud Cover Continent.

Fang Yuan was alone, in a huge field of cloud soil.

Taking in a deep breath, he calmed his mind and started to use his immortal killer move.

“Ignited thought flying rock.” Fang Yuan called in his mind.

His eyes flickered with crystal purple light, thoughts clashed in his mind as small rocks resembling charcoal appeared around his body.

These rocks seemed to be burning in flames, but they had no heat.

“Go.” Fang Yuan willed as the rocks floating around his body shot out.

The rocks tore through the sky, but there was silence during the attack.

At the same time, these rocks expanded and became larger, turning from thumb size to basin size in a moment.

Next, they expanded to the size of horse carriages.

The rocks became giant rocks, the surface was blazing with red flames.

The blazing rocks numbered from hundreds to thousands, at once, the entire sky was dyed red.

Next, the blazing rocks landed on the cloud soil and created a field of flames that had neither heat nor made a sound.

These were not real blazing rocks, they were formed from thoughts in actuality.

This was Purple Mountain True Monarch’s main attacking method, ignited thought flying rock, it could burn the target’s thoughts.

There was a consecutive move with it, called single thought flower blossom.

After the blazing rocks exploded, Fang Yuan pointed with the index finger of his right hand.

Instantly, the flames extinguished as flowers bloomed in the pits created, countless flowers were fighting to emerge and blossom.

The flowers were vibrant and colorful, the surrounding area was dyed by a multicolored field of rainbow flowers.

“It is a pity my target is not a Gu Immortal, but this cloud soil without thoughts, these flowers are useless and exist only as decorations.” Fang Yuan willed as the flowers vanished instantly.

Fang Yuan’s body shook.

Immortal killer move — Single Thought Endless Clones!

Instantly, he was surrounded by countless figures.

Initially, there were only a few dozen purple silhouettes, but after a few breaths’ time, they had grown to the number of several hundred thousand! Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Meanwhile, Fang Yuan’s true body was concealed within them, he could not be found without a powerful investigative killer move.

This move was very similar to Fang Yuan’s own original tactic.

That was to use myriad self and familiar face to act as one of the strength path phantoms, concealing himself to become indiscernible.

Purple Mountain True Monarch’s move was superior in that it was just one move, but had the effect of Fang Yuan’s two moves, myriad self and familiar face. Therefore, it expended less immortal essence.

There was another advantage, the speed of the purple silhouettes grew at a faster rate than the strength path phantoms.

But the disadvantage was that these purple silhouettes did not have offensive power, they were purely for concealment. Meanwhile, the strength path phantoms had offensive power themselves.

Fang Yuan stopped using single thought endless clones as he stretched out both palms, pushing out a wave of fog.

This was immortal killer move directional confusion fog, it could make Gu Immortals lose their sense of direction.

Next, Fang Yuan used thought body defense, single thought myriad flow elimination, and others, he got familiar with them and used them successfully.

He placed his focus towards the end.

Immortal killer move — Purple Thought Perception Starlight!

This move was the most complex, but it had a powerful and incredible effect.

It could allow the user to learn about the profundities of the enemy’s killer move with every hit, and continuously gain information about them.

Once they collect enough information, Fang Yuan would be able to use wisdom path methods to deal with the enemy’s killer move during the battle itself.

Next, the immortal killer move brilliant will dissolution would be used to unravel the enemy’s killer move and attain victory.

Fang Yuan tried to use it.

Purple thought perception starlight was indeed filled with many steps, Fang Yuan only succeeded after three tries.

During this process, he suffered injuries.

But with Man as Before, Fang Yuan was not afraid of such injuries.

“After these days of practising, I have already grasped most of Purple Mountain True Monarch’s methods.” Fang Yuan thought.

At this time, half a month had already passed since Xue Er approached him.

During these days, Fang Yuan mainly cultivated soul path to increase his soul foundation. Right now, he had ten million man soul already.

The immortal aperture’s development was progressing smoothly and steadily.

Other than this, he was practising killer moves.

Killer moves needed practise, because each activation carried a risk. If the activation failed, one would be causing harm to themselves.

Fang Yuan had countless inheritances, and had a vast number of killer moves.

However, the foundation of killer moves were Immortal Gu. Fang Yuan decided to first train Purple Mountain True Monarch’s wisdom path killer moves.

Purple Mountain True Monarch was a first generation split soul Purple, his methods could contest Duke Long, they were naturally very powerful.

Furthermore, before his death, he left most of his wisdom path Immortal Gu to Fang Yuan.

Thus, Fang Yuan had the foundation to use Purple Mountain True Monarch’s immortal killer moves.

Of course, he did not have all of Purple Mountain True Monarch’s Immortal Gu, there were quite some missing. But it was not a problem for Fang Yuan, with his grandmaster wisdom path attainment level, and the most important light of wisdom to rely on, he could rapidly modify killer moves.

Right now, the wisdom path killer moves that he was using were modified to some extent.

After this session, Fang Yuan went to wisdom Gu.

He sat beside wisdom Gu and bathed in the light of wisdom, thinking and concluding his gains from this training session.

Every time after practise, he would think about the experience and use his gains to modify the killer moves even further.

The creation of many killer moves relied on the Gu Immortals’ own experiences, habits, and personality.

These killer moves were other people’s killer moves, they were not as fitting to Fang Yuan as his self created myriad self and strength path giant hand. Thus, Fang Yuan had to continue modifying them.

A moment later, Fang Yuan finished his thinking session, there was nothing he could do to modify Purple Mountain True Monarch’s immortal killer moves anymore.

“After these days of practicing and modifying, I have finally reached the limit. Only when my wisdom path attainment reaches a qualitative change can I continue to modify these moves.”

After understanding this, Fang Yuan did not force it anymore.

His deductions today were not focusing on this, he was trying to complete immortal killer move eat strength.

Originally, Fang Yuan had Immortal Gu Eat Strength, he could expend immortal essence to activate the Immortal Gu and increase his strength path dao marks. It was a pity that such a useful Immortal Gu was destroyed.

But it was not a problem, all of the different paths led to the same origin. Fang Yuan had so many Immortal Gu and the light of wisdom to help him, he could rapidly deduce immortal killer move eat strength.

Such an immortal killer move could totally replace the use of eat strength Immortal Gu.

“My deductions succeeded!” A few minutes later, Fang Yuan left wisdom Gu with a feeling of satisfaction.

He started deducing immortal killer move eat strength six days ago, he had finally succeeded.

This rank six immortal killer move used snack Immortal Gu as the core, with other strength path Immortal Gu as the supplementary Gu, a Gu Immortal could expend strength path immortal materials to help them increase their strength path dao marks.

The result of one cultivation session was better than rank six Immortal Gu Eat Strength. But the expended immortal essence was higher too, because too many Gu worms were involved, it was not as convenient as using eat strength Immortal Gu alone.

In conclusion, there were advantages and disadvantages.

For the following days, other than practising Purple Mountain True Monarch’s wisdom path killer moves, Fang Yuan used eat strength to increase his strength path dao marks.

He had the most number of transformation path dao marks now, about fifty thousand. After that were ice and snow path, luck path, qi path, and sound path, they all had over ten thousand dao marks.

He had few strength path dao marks, he did not undergo any strength path related tribulations, and the immortal apertures that he annexed were not from strength path either.

This time, he focused on fixing this problem.

Fang Yuan had considered it deeply before choosing strength path.

His strongest methods now were reverse flow protection seal and myriad dragon. The former was defense while the latter was offense. Both were related to strength path, raising strength path dao marks would raise the upper limit of his battle strength very evidently.

As for the wisdom path killer moves from Purple Mountain True Monarch, they were meant to increase Fang Yuan’s variety of methods, what truly decided his upper limit of strength was reverse flow protection seal.

Fang Yuan trained with hard work and used his time to the limit, every second of his time was spent purposefully.

This safe environment was really rare.

Since rebirth, this was the first time Fang Yuan had such a prime opportunity to raise his strength and deepen his foundation.

Immortal aperture development, practising killer moves, cultivating soul path, almost every day, Fang Yuan progressed further.

His speed of improvement was unheard of, even Lang Ya land spirit was secretly shocked.

This was what Heavenly Court had predicted: After getting Shadow Sect’s inheritance, Fang Yuan’s foundation was unfathomably deep, now that he could make use of it, his strength would grow explosively!

Ever since Xue Er joined up with the Shadow Sect immortals, she had acted very obediently and diligently. Even though her battle strength was lacking, she was skilled in the investigative aspect, she worked with the Shadow Sect immortals and hunted many souls for Fang Yuan.

Fang Yuan was cold towards the marriage connection, causing some conflict in the snowman tribe. Xue Er’s grandmother, Bing Yuan, proposed to send Fang Yuan another gift to express their goodwill. But some of the snowman Gu Immortals led by Bing Feng objected to it. They felt that the price of a marriage connection with Fang Yuan was too big, they would rather endure the suppression of the rockmen.

Because of Shadow Sect’s members, Lang Ya Sect’s development in exploring Tai Qiu became quicker, Lang Ya land spirit was extremely happy, he became very pleased with Fang Yuan.

On this day, Fang Yuan was sitting with his eyes closed, his consciousness working on developing his immortal aperture, when he suddenly received a request for help.

At the same time as when he opened his eyes, Lang Ya land spirit also teleported towards Fang Yuan.

“Elder Fang Yuan, quickly go help. An immemorial desolate beast has appeared in Tai Qiu, it has trapped several Gu Immortals from our sect!” Lang Ya land spirit had a nervous expression as he spoke anxiously.