Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2212: Refine Gu, Refine Human, and Refine Heaven!!

Seeing the fierce attacks of the enemies, Fang Yuan quickly dodged for the time being.

Giant Sun Immortal Venerable pursued relentlessly as he shouted: “Back then, when I fought my way into the Door of Life and Death, I wanted to probe Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s trump card and learn of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s current condition. But you also went inside, it was truly a great scheme! If you remained in the outside world, you would need to deal with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, who went out. But if you followed me, you would be able to see the strength of Heavenly Court and my Longevity Heaven.”

At that time, because of Heavenly Court’s arrangements, the Door of Life and Death was tightly connected to the immortal graveyard, it could not be destroyed forcefully in a short period of time.

Giant Sun Immortal Venerable secretly inspected their lucks, after learning of this peculiar change in Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s and Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s lucks, he wanted to find out the reason. If possible, he wanted to ruin this ‘intimate relationship’ between them.

Giant Sun Immortal Venerable knew that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had hidden cards too, but he went inside the Door of Life and Death regardless.

Because he had his own trump cards.

When he used the blood path method to revive, no matter how severe his injuries got, he would be fully healed.

Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had been trying to make the best use of this trump card, he tried all ways possible to probe more of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s methods.

From Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s perspective, this was the first time he was fighting against a venerable.

Venerables had immense foundation, he needed to probe carefully.

To destroy the immortal graveyard, he had to target the Door of Life and Death. By going inside, he could inspect if there was really a relationship between Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. If possible, he would destroy that connection and save Spectral Soul Demon Venerable before working together. Or if possible, he could even try to take the Door of Life and Death for himself!

With all these intentions, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable managed to find out Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s method involving emotions on this trip.

When Star Constellation Immortal Venerable left the Door of Life and Death, did Giant Sun Immortal Venerable really not have any way of stopping her?

That was not the case.

Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was happy to see Star Constellation Immortal Venerable leave.

Firstly, the eternal life result still needed some time to nurture, he had already left behind his investigative method in the Crazed Demon formation, that was Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace.

Secondly, three parties were contesting in Crazed Demon Cave then, other than Green Lotus Great World’s Heavenly Court, and Savage Wilderness Great World’s Longevity Heaven, there was also Yellow Earth Great World’s Paradise Earth.

In the end, through this contest, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable forced Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable to revive prematurely, causing him to only have pseudo venerable cultivation level.

When Paradise Earth went into the Door of Life and Death, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not use his biggest trump card before leaving. Even though he did not save Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, he managed to ally with Paradise Earth.

Boom!

As Fang Yuan retaliated, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s killer move was broken, he was forced back again.

Giant Sun Immortal Venerable yelled: “Fang Yuan, I am sure you wanted to see Paradise Earth’s premature resurrection as well. Such great acting, truly great acting skills! After leaving the Door of Life and Death, I was hit by Qin Ding Ling’s method and fell into a disadvantage. I needed you to take action but you were trapped by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable. That was your intentional excuse! You purposely made the Qi Sea clone activate Hu elevation, that way, the Qi Sea clone would be restrained again, while Zhan Bu Du was unable to get away. You managed to watch openly as our two sides fought and expended each other’s strength!”

Giant Sun Immortal Venerable said while gritting his teeth.

Back then, he still had an immortal zombie body, he was suppressed by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and schemed against by Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, his combat system’s foundation was uprooted. Even though the situation was dangerous, Giant Sun was not flustered.

Because he still had the greatest trump card unused!

Giant Sun held back and waited because he wanted to see the trump cards of these other people.

In the end, Paradise Earth made his move.

Paradise Earth did not attack Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, instead, he tried to help Giant Sun, after failing, he immediately saved Fang Yuan.

This showed that Paradise Earth’s intentions were not simple either.

However, after Fang Yuan was ‘saved’, he still refused to help out Giant Sun, instead, he went to kill the unimportant Qin Ding Ling.

This way, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had no choice but to use his blood path trump card, reviving completely.

Fang Yuan succeeded in killing Qin Ding Ling, but how could he deceive Giant Sun Immortal Venerable with such superficial actions.

Giant Sun was very clear of it in his heart, since he exposed his true strength, he immediately changed his position and joined up with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to deal with Fang Yuan.

Because of this, Fang Yuan was attacked by two venerables, he had to expend Reverse Flow River, but still got hit in the end, his immortal aperture suffered calamities and tribulations.

“Wait!” Thinking of this, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable realized and called out: “During that time, you used the opportunity of your immortal aperture getting hit to obscure the aura and use the chance to break through the Heavenly Dao blockade, by stacking tribulation with tribulation, you deceived everyone and got past the final tribulation, becoming a venerable!”

Giant Sun Immortal Venerable finally understood everything.

Back then, he thought that he had succeeded when he inspected Fang Yuan’s falling luck and the aura of calamities and tribulations in his aperture. But to think that Fang Yuan was making use of this to secretly tackle the Heavenly Dao blockade and break through an even stronger tribulation.

With just Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s method, he could definitely not create black fire in Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture.

The black fire was the remnant product of the chaotic disaster.

Fang Yuan did not speak, he attacked fiercely, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable resisted with difficulty.

He stared at Fang Yuan and continued to speak: “Through that method, you became a venerable without anyone noticing. I originally thought that you were not skilled in aura concealment methods, but to think that your attainment in this aspect is shocking, you have been concealing your aura the entire time! You actually deceived me, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, and wait, even Paradise Earth was deceived!”

Fang Yuan was the greatest liar, he lied until the very end. All of these venerables were toyed around by him!

Lu Wei Yin and Shen Shang looked at each other, feeling the shock in each other’s hearts.

The fight between the venerables was getting more intense, they started using their full strength, causing the rest to be pushed away to the boundaries of the void, along with the Qi Sea clone.

Looking at Fang Yuan who was holding the upper hand, Lu Wei Yin and Shen Shang had complex emotions.

On one hand, they were shocked and in admiration that Fang Yuan broke through successfully to become a venerable, he was even suppressing two noble existences who were famous in history. But on the other hand, Lu Wei Yin and Shen Shang were furious.

They had a close connection to Paradise Earth, while a large part of his death was attributed to Fang Yuan’s scheme.

In the end, Paradise Earth had no choice but to expose his great secret — he could absorb truthful floating ice to raise his cultivation level!

Fang Yuan purposely made a transaction with Paradise Earth and shouted so loudly, triggering the two venerables to use their full strength on him.

In the end, the attacks of the two venerables helped out Fang Yuan, he managed to kill Paradise Earth.

Crafty, scheming, evil!

Such words revolved around the hearts of Lu Wei Yin and Shen Shang, they could not help but describe Fang Yuan as such.

Rumble...

As the golden light faded and starlight dimmed, Fang Yuan was incredibly domineering, his aura was surging like a rising tiger over ten thousand li.

Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable were feeling bitter internally.

After so long, they had already expended many of their trump cards in combat. Their injuries were still lingering, there was simply no time to heal them.

In contrast, Fang Yuan had been staying low-profile and hiding his strength, his schemes were simply too deep.

Boom!

The three venerables clashed again.

Fang Yuan held the upper hand once more.

The two venerables were forced back, they spat out blood together, their injuries becoming more severe.

Fang Yuan wore a snow-white robe, his hair was long and fluttering, he dominated the battlefield, with his aura surmounting mountains and rivers.

He firmly grasped the upper hand as he suddenly recited —

In my youth I knew the hardships of the world,

Yet I still aspired to soar above the clouds.

A journey of cold winds and uncertainty, A lone traveler experiences a life of ups and downs.

A heart of steel forged from countless setbacks, A lifetime of effort to forge one sword.

Today my sword aims beyond the clouds,

Refine Gu! Refine Human! Refine Heaven!!

Fang Yuan’s attacks were like a surging tide, enveloping all the surrounding battlefield, approaching from all directions of the world.

Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could not resist them, they retreated time and time again.

Fang Yuan grabbed with his hand, the final truthful floating ice went towards him.

“Don’t think about it!” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable snorted coldly, she had to toss out the Door of Life and Death at the final crucial moment.

The Door of Life and Death erupted with an immense suction force, while Giant Sun Immortal Venerable attacked at the same time, his killer move landing on Fang Yuan.

In order to take the truthful floating ice, Fang Yuan exposed a weakness and was sent into the Door of Life and Death by the two venerables.

“Our tactic succeeded!” The two venerables looked at each other, having expressions of joy flashing at the same time.

But at the next moment...

Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po Valley, and Reverse Flow River!

A killer move with all three secluded domains of heaven and earth as the cores was activated by Fang Yuan.

A road of life was suddenly formed, extending out of the Door of Life and Death.

Fang Yuan instantly returned to the battlefield, leaving Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, who was extremely furious and agitated behind in the Door of Life and Death. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

The two venerables stared with wide eyes!

Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s eyelids were twitching intensely, this was the move that he wanted Fang Yuan to conceptualize when he was trapped in the Door of Life and Death. Fang Yuan kept delaying it and showed an expression of helplessness, eventually failing in his deduction. But now, seeing that Fang Yuan was using it so proficiently, it was clear that he had already practiced it many times.

Before the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, Fang Yuan already had this killer move!

But he still used Dang Hun Luo Po Seal to make an excuse for Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and the rest.

Seeing that the Door of Life and Death could not trap Fang Yuan, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable let out a soft sigh.

At the next moment, the Door of Life and Death opened, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable flew out immediately!

He was still in an agitated state, his mind was not clear, he did not attack Star Constellation Immortal Venerable but furiously targeted Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Fang Yuan.

Using this chance, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable wanted to snatch the truthful floating ice.

The scene became very chaotic.

Immortal killer move — Dang Hun Luo Po Seal!

With one attack by Fang Yuan, a thousand of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s arms severed.

After Fang Yuan became venerable and passed the black fire tribulation, his dao marks had already exceeded Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!

Fang Yuan roared and made a push, eventually taking that final truthful floating ice for himself.

“Star Constellation, I’ve already done my best.” From within Spectral Soul’s belly, Verdant Great Sun’s voice could be heard sighing.

Next, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s expression changed, becoming blank.

His roaring and emotions of hatred vanished, he ignored Fang Yuan and Giant Sun as he charged towards the hole expressionlessly.

Bam.

With a loud sound, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had actually used his own body to block the hole of the world boundary.

The immortals were shocked, the entire scene became silent again.