Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

“Chapter 1002: 225: jaw-dropping, not good enough for her! 3”

Translator: 549690339

“Okay.”Dr. Warne nodded.

“Ye Zhuo held Cen Shaoqing’s hand, and the two of them walked toward the exit.”

“Looking at Ye Zhuo’s back, Dr. Reddy came over from the side. “Dr. Warne, do you think Miss Ye looks like a person?””

“Who?”Dr. Warne turned to look at Dr. Reddy.

“That person.”

Dr. Warne narrowed his eyes. “You mean scholar Ye?”

“Hearing that, Dr. Laidy’s eyes lit up. “You think she looks like her too, right? Especially her back. They look exactly the same!””

Dr. Warne looked at Ye Zao’s back and nodded. “They do look alike.”

“Actually, when Dr. Warne saw ye Zao for the first time, he felt that ye Zao looked like ye Langhua.”

It was not that they looked alike.

It was that kind of unique temperament.

“As long as one saw ye Zhuo, one would be able to associate him with the young ye Langhua.”

Don’t look at ye Langhua now as an ordinary old woman.

In the next forty years.

The eldest daughter of the Ye family was well-known in the capital. She was both talented and beautiful. She was an existence that made all the literati and artists in the capital flock to her!

There were even people who spent all their wealth just to catch a glimpse of ye Langhua.

Ye Langhua was even labeled as a talented woman of the flourishing age.

The Ye family’s old man only had ye Langhua as his precious daughter. Ye Langhua was also very capable. She did not lose out to a man at all! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Therefore, when old man ye chose a son-in-law, he was very strict.”

“As long as the man had even the slightest flaw, he would not be able to catch his eye.”

“Just when everyone thought ye Langhua would definitely choose a brilliant scholar who was on par with her, ye Langhua’s choice surprised everyone.”

“She chose Xi Muwen who had no education, talent, and family background.”

“Back then, Xi Muwen’s reputation was not good.”

He despised the poor and loved the rich.

The modern version of Chen Shimei.

“At that time, everyone did not think highly of this pair.”

Including the Ye family’s patriarch.

“Other than that face of Xi Muwen, there was no other place that was worthy of ye Langhua!”

“However, ye Langhua loved him to death. She said that she wanted to be with him no matter what. She did not listen to any good advice. Despite the opposition of the Ye family’s old patriarch and everyone else, she insisted on getting married to Xi Muwen.”

The facts proved that everyone was not wrong.

Xi Muwen was a heartless person.

“In the first two years of their marriage, he had not revealed his true colors. Ever since their only daughter was lost, Xi Muwen had revealed his true colors.”

“In less than half a year after grandfather ye passed away, Xi Muwen had turned the ye group into the XI group.”

He had even chased out all the old shareholders of the Ye family.

“At this time, Ye Langhua had also changed from the famous talented girl in the capital to a crazy woman who had a head full of white hair.”

She was no longer talented.

She was no longer beautiful.

“For a time, many people sighed.”

“Later, Dr. Warne and the others also went to look for ye Langhua.”

“However, ye Langhua only wanted to find her daughter and kept quiet about other things. It was as if she had really become the crazy woman that everyone called her.”

Gradually.

“The Ye family’s eldest daughter who was famous throughout the capital, the ye scholar in the science and Technology World, had become a thing of the past.”

“Later on, other than the older generation like them, who else remembered the ye family’s eldest daughter’s elegant demeanor back then?”

“When he thought of this, Dr. Warne’s eyes were filled with regret.”

“If ye Langhua had not chosen Xi Muwen back then, she would definitely not have fallen to this stage.”

“Therefore, when Dr. Warne saw ye Zhuo and Cen Shaoqing together, other than shock, he was actually more delighted.”

“As the saying goes, Wisdom Hurts.”

Ye Langhua was a good example.

“Ye Zhuo’s talent and ability were even better than ye Langhua back then. If she also found a partner who was only good-looking, she would not end up better than ye Langhua!”

It was very obvious.

Ye Zhuo’s taste in men was much better than ye Langhua’s.

“Dr. Laidi continued, “I don’t know if scholar Ye has found her daughter for half a month now.””

“”I heard that he has found her,”Dr. Warne said.”

“Found her?”Dr. Laidi’s face was full of surprise. “When did you find her?”

Dr. Laidi was ye Langhua’s classmate when he was young.

“Back then, she had been a fan of the talented ye Langhua.”

“Now that he thought about it, it was really a trick of fate.”

“If he hadn’t seen it with his own eyes, who would believe that the talented woman of the Golden Age, who was famous in Beijing back then, would have fallen to such a state today?”

“Dr. Warne nodded. “Yes, I found it. It’s just that my mental state isn’t very good.””

“Mental state isn’t very good? What do you mean?”Dr. Laidy asked.