Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

“Chapter 1003: 225: jaw-dropping, not good enough for her! 4”

Translator: 549690339

“Dr. Warne sighed, “Because of the experience of being kidnapped when he was young, he only has the IQ of a three-year-old child for half a month now.” ”

Only the IQ of a three-year-old child?

“”My God!”Dr. Reddy covered his mouth in surprise, “What about scholar Ye? Can he be cured?” ”

“Dr. Warne shook his head, “I’m not too sure about that.” ”

Dr. Ryan Sighed. “Scholar Ye has waited for this day for so long. He even gave up everything for half a month. Who would have thought that in the end...”

Dr. Warne sighed as well.

... Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

On the other side.

In Beijing.

Aunt Lang had been staying at the Xi family home with half a month for the past few days.

“In the blink of an eye, three days had passed. ”

“However, half a month still treated her like a stranger. Not only did she treat her like a stranger, but she became even closer to Yang Jiao. ”

This was hard for Aunt Lang to accept.

Little Half Moon was her only daughter.

She had searched for 36 years before she found her daughter.

“Yang Jiao wasn’t around at the moment, leaving Little Half Moon alone in the living room playing with the building blocks. ”

“Aunt Lang walked over and said softly, “Little Half Moon, let me take you out for a walk, Okay?” ”

“”Bad person! Bad Person!”When she saw Aunt Lang, those terrifying images appeared in Little Half Moon’s eyes. She couldn’t help but tremble. “You’re a bad person...” ”

“Aunt Lang walked toward Aunt Lang and said, “I’m Mommy! Mommy isn’t a bad person!” ”

“Ah!”Aunt Lang was so scared that she ran away.

Aunt Lang was stunned on the spot. Her tears couldn’t help but flow down.

“She thought that after finding Aunt Lang, the rest of her life would be easier. ”

“However, she didn’t expect that not only would it not be easier, it would make her feel even more uncomfortable. ”

“”Sister, are you crying?”Yang Jiao walked over from behind. ”

“Aunt Lang immediately wiped away her tears. “No, I’m not crying.” ”

“Yang Jiao sighed, “Sister, we’re family. You Don’t have to hide anything from me. I know that you’re crying because of Little Half Moon. Actually, Little Half Moon has recovered a lot recently. I believe that after a period of time, she will be able to call you mother.” ”

“After saying that, Yang Jiao continued, “Oh right, sister, didn’t you say that you were going to bring little half moon to the courtyard house? When do you plan to Go There?” ”

“Aunt Lang said, “With Little Half Moon’s current situation, I’m afraid that I will have to trouble the both of you for a few more days.” ”

“Yang jiao smiled and said, “Sister, look at what you are saying! What Trouble? This is your and Little Half Moon’s home. The both of you can stay here as long as you want.” ”

“Thank you.”

“Yang Jiao looked at Aunt Lang and said, “Sister, you don’t have to be so polite! After all, you’re the mistress of this house. If you want to say thank you, I should be the one thanking you.” ”

“At this moment, Aunt Lang’s phone suddenly rang. ”

“Hello.”Aunt Lang picked up the phone.

“It was unknown what was said on the other end of the phone, but Aunt Lang continued, “Alright, I’ll be there soon.” ”

“After hanging up, Aunt Lang turned to look at Yang Jiao. “I need to go out for a while. I’ll have to trouble you for half a month.” ”

“Yang Jiao nodded. “Sister, go and do your work! You Don’t have to worry about half a month!” ”

“After Aunt Lang thanked her, she turned around and left. ”

Yang Jiao looked at Aunt Lang’s back as a dark light flashed in her eyes.

That damned old woman.

“The four of them had poured their hearts out to her, but she did not appreciate it at all. ”

Just wait.

“Sooner or later, she would make this old hag tell her everything willingly! ”

On the other side.

Song Shi Group.

Song Shiyu was sitting at his desk reading documents.

“Bai Jiayu raised his head to look at song Shiyu several times, as if he wanted to say something but hesitated. ”

“”What do you want to say?”Just as Bai Jiayu raised his head a few times, song Shiyu put down the documents in his hand and said in a deep voice, “Say it.” ”

“”Brother Song, you saw through it.”Bai Jiayu touched his hair in embarrassment. ”

“Song Shiyu continued, “You only have one chance.” ”

“Bai Jiayu immediately said, “Brother Song, is there a tattoo on your left arm?” ”

Song Shiyu glanced at Bai Jiayu.

“Realizing the danger in song Shiyu’s eyes, Bai Jiayu hurriedly explained, “Brother song, I didn’t pry into your privacy! I accidentally saw it when you rolled up your sleeves yesterday.” ”

“So what if you have a tattoo?”Song Shiyu asked.

“Bai Jiayu continued, “That’s a girl’s name, right?” ”

Song Shiyu frowned and didn’t say anything.

“Bai Jiayu said again, “Brother Song, you have someone you like, right?” ”

Song Shiyu remained silent.

“Bai Jiayu stood up and said, “Since you like it, then go and chase after him! Brother song, you have always been a resolute and decisive person in my eyes.” ”