Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

“Chapter 1157: 250: with the great burning hands, she will walk towards the peak of the financial world! 5”

Translator: 549690339

Jiang Xiaoyu picked up her phone.

It was a call from Si lui.

“Although she had gotten into a fight with Zhao Xueyin, she didn’t have any conflict with Si lui. After thinking for a while, Jiang Xiaoyu pressed the answer button. “Hello.” ”

Si Lui’s voice came from the other end of the screen. “I’m downstairs of Your Jiang Financial Group.”

“Jiang Xiaoyu said, “Okay, I’ll be right down.” ”

“After hanging up the phone, Jiang Xiaoyu went downstairs. ”

Si lui stood there.

“Big Brother Si.”Jiang Xiaoyu jogged over.

Si Lui’s face was a little cold. “You went to look for Xueyin?”

“Yes.”Jiang Xiaoyu nodded.

“Si lui continued, “You and Xueyin have been good friends for many years. You Should Know Xueyin. She is a very good, excellent, and kind girl. What kind of harsh words did you say in front of her to make her so angry! ?” ”

“”I bullied Zhao Xueyin?”Jiang Xiaoyu raised her head to look at the lawyer, her eyes full of sarcasm. “Lawyer! Is it because you like Zhao Xueyin that you chose to be blind?” ”

Jiang Xiaoyu knew that the lawyer liked Zhao Xueyin very much.

“But if you liked someone, could you not distinguish right from wrong? ”

It was clearly Zhao Xueyin who was bullying her.

“But in the eyes of the lawyer, it was as if Zhao Xueyin had suffered a great grievance. ”

Ridiculous!

It was simply ridiculous to the extreme.

“”Jiang Xiaoyu! Wake Up!”Si lui frowned. “Ye Zao is not a good person! Is it really worth giving up Xueyin, a good friend for so many years, for ye Zao?” ”

“When he said the last sentence, Si lui grabbed Jiang Xiaoyu’s wrist and walked forward. ”

“Jiang Xiaoyu said angrily, “What are you doing?” ”

“Si Lu said, “I’ll take you to apologize to Xueyin!” ”

“Since Zhao Xueyin had been wronged, Jiang Xiaoyu should apologize. ”

“Si Lu!”Jiang Xiaoyu struggled to shake off Si Lu’s hand. “Are you crazy? !”

“Si Lu turned to look at Jiang Xiaoyu and tried his best to calm himself down. “Didn’t you realize that all of this was designed by ye Zao? If ye Zao didn’t sow discord between you and Xueyin, would you and Xueyin have gotten to where you are today?” ”

Jiang Xiaoyu was too irrational. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“In the end, she was still too innocent. ”

“Otherwise, she wouldn’t have been deceived so miserably by ye Zao. ”

“It was one thing for her to be deceived, but she had implicated Zhao Xueyin and made her so sad. ”

“Otherwise, Si lui wouldn’t have bothered to meddle in such matters. ”

“Therefore, Jiang Xiaoyu had to apologize to Zhao Xueyin today. ”

“Thinking of this.., si lui continued, “Jiang Xiaoyu, you and Xueyin have been together for so many years. Do you really want to do this because of someone you’ve only known for a few days? Apologize to me! Xueyin is a very kind person. She Won’t hold it against you. As long as you apologize, she will definitely forgive you.” ”

“”Who is setting who up?”? Si Lui, you don’t know the whole story at all! Aren’t you helping Zhao Xueyin because you like her? Let me tell you, Zhao Xueyin is not as kind as you think. She is a disgusting person! So disgusting that I want to vomit!” ”

“Hearing that, Si Lui’s face turned black. He raised his hand and slapped Jiang Xiaoyu’s face. ”

Si lui would not allow anyone to insult Zhao Xueyin.

Especially with such words.

Jiang Xiaoyu was so scared that she closed her eyes.

“However, the slap that she imagined did not come towards her face. ”

Jiang Xiaoyu opened her eyes and saw a youth wearing a black hoodie appear in front of her. He reached out and grabbed si lui’s hand.

The youth wore a black mask on his face.

Only a pair of eyes that shone like obsidian could be seen.

It was very black.

Very Bright.

And very mysterious.

“”Hitting a woman?”The youth said softly, his voice a little cold. ”

Si lui retracted his wrist. “Who are you?”

The youth did not answer si lui directly. He lowered his head to look at Jiang Xiaoyu. “Are You Alright?”

Jiang Xiaoyu shook her head. “I’m fine.”

The youth grabbed Jiang Xiaoyu’s wrist. “Let’s go.”

Jiang Xiaoyu was forced to follow the youth’s footsteps.

“When they reached the corner, the young man let go of Jiang Xiaoyu’s wrist and said, “It’s okay. You should go now!” ”

“”Thank you.”Jiang Xiaoyu bowed and thanked him. Then, he said, “Little benefactor, what’s Your Name?” ”

“The young man didn’t answer Jiang Xiaoyu directly. Instead, he said, “Let’s go.” ”

“Realizing that his little benefactor might be a little cold, Jiang Xiaoyu didn’t ask any more questions and said, “Then I’ll go first.” ”

The youth watched Jiang Xiaoyu’s figure disappear in front of him before he turned around and left.

...

Shunxi Financial Group.

“After the meeting ended, Ye Zao returned to his office and put down the documents. Ye Zao raised his hand to pinch his temples and turned to look at Milai. “Where’s Miss Jiang?” ”