Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

“Chapter 1159: 251: After learning the truth, Granny Zhou was filled with regret! 1”

Translator: 549690339

Even Cen Shaoqing was not worthy to be compared to master five.

It was simply laughable.

Someone like ye Zhuo was not worthy of master five at all.

Father Zhao narrowed his eyes. “Are you so sure that master five is here because of you?”

It was said that heroes could not overcome beauties.

Father Zhao had seen ye Zhuo before.

“Disregarding everything else, ye Zhuo was indeed very beautiful. ”

“Although Zhao Xueyin was his daughter and was very good-looking, he had to admit that in terms of looks, Zhao Xueyin was indeed inferior to ye Zao by a large margin. ”

“After all, Ye Zao was the main character of the welcoming banquet. ”

Master five had also given ye Zao a gift.

“Zhao Xueyin had forced master five to be on good terms with her. In the end, it was a little far-fetched. ”

“Although Father Zhao was currently having a high fever, his mind was clear. ”

“”On the day of the financial conference, I entered the top five internationally.”Zhao Xueyin continued, “I was also the only female Chinese who made it into the top five.” ”

This was also why Zhao Xueyin was so confident.

The only female Chinese who made it into the top five was enough to prove her strength.

“If it wasn’t for Ye Zhuo, Zhao Xueyin’s appearance in the financial world wouldn’t have existed. Moreover, she was so outstanding and cultivated both internally and externally. There was no reason for master five not to see her. ”

Therefore.

Master five must have sent ye Zao a congratulatory gift on account of her.

“After saying that, Zhao Xueyin continued, “Ye Zao has only been back for a few days? She doesn’t have a chance to get close to master five! Most importantly, she already has a boyfriend! Do you think Master Five will fall for a second-hand thing?” With ye Zao being such a scumbag, she wasn’t worthy of master five at all! ”

“For someone like her, master five probably did not even want to look at her. ”

Because she was too disgusting.

Already had a boyfriend?

Father Zhao was stunned and turned to look at Zhao Xueyin. “Who is ye Zao’s boyfriend?”

“”Cen Shaoqing,”Zhao Xueyin answered. ”

Cen Shaoqing.

“As the number one family in China, Father Zhao naturally knew of Cen Shaoqing. ”

“Moreover, according to what he knew, CEN Shaoqing was known as Master Cen Fifth! ”

Could it be that these two people were the same person?

“Thinking of this, Father Zhao’s brows jumped and his face turned slightly pale. ”

“Father and daughter were united. Zhao Xueyin immediately saw through Father Zhao’s thoughts and said with a smile, “Father, don’t worry, they are not the same person! I’ve gotten someone to investigate. The founder of DK Financial Group is surnamed Bai.” ” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Surnamed Bai!

“Hearing this, father Zhao heaved a sigh of relief. ”

“Fortunately, they were not the same person. ”

“If they were the same person, then Zhao Xueyin would really not be able to defeat ye Zao. ”

“Zhao Xueyin continued, “Father, I know that it’s useless to say anything to you now. Just you wait! One day, I will let master five call you father-in-law!”At the end of her sentence.., zhao Xueyin’s eyes were filled with confidence. ”

“Because she had the capital, she was confident! ”

“After saying that, Zhao Xueyin continued, “So, don’t try to set me up with the lawyer in the future! We are not from the same world!” ”

Zhao Xueyin would feel disgusted whenever she saw the lawyer’s affectionate gaze.

Because she did not like the lawyer at all.

“Unfortunately, the lawyer did not have the slightest self-awareness. ”

Father Zhao looked at Zhao Xueyin. “It’s not a bad thing to have another spare tire.”

Plans could not keep up with changes.

“Even if master five really liked Zhao Xueyin now, what if there were changes in the future? ”

“”Dad, do you not trust me that much?”Zhao Xueyin frowned. ”

“She was so outstanding, why would she be afraid that master five would change his heart? ”

That was impossible!

“She would definitely make master five completely fall in love with her, and it had to be her! ”

Didn’t father Zhao always think that girls were inferior to boys?

She would let him know that girls could also conquer men who were hundreds of times better than her!

Master five would be hers sooner or later!

“”It’s not that I don’t trust you, but it’s just that there’s an extra way out and an extra choice,”father Zhao continued, “Compared to the lawyer, I also hope that you can marry Master Five!” ”

“If Zhao Xueyin could really marry master five, then his life would be complete! ”

“Although Si lui was outstanding, his family background was still a little lacking. ”

“After saying that, father Zhao continued, “It’s getting late. You should go back and rest.” ”

Zhao Xueyin nodded. “Then I’ll go back and rest first. You should rest early too.”

“Okay.”

Zhao Xueyin walked out.

Father Zhao looked at Zhao Xueyin’s back and his expression became sorrowful again.

If only his a Ye was still around.

That would be great.

Father Zhao took a deep breath and closed his eyes in pain.

...

“Time passed very quickly. In the blink of an eye, it was already the next day. ”

Even though he had agreed to meet ye Zhuo at eleven o’clock.

“However, at ten in the morning, Jiang Xiaoyu brought Jiang Chao to the coffee shop that they had agreed to meet at. ”