Chapter 1172: 253: a strong comeback. He was panicking. Ye Zao was just drinking lightly! 1

Translator: 549690339

Zhao Xueyin really didn’t expect this day to come so quickly.

“After all, it had only been one day since the old shareholders of the Jiang Financial Group withdrew their capital. ”

“It had only been one day, and Ye Zao couldn’t hold on anymore? ”

Zhao Xueyin thought that ye Zao could hold on for eight to ten days before coming to beg her again!

Was that all ye Zao could do?

“But thinking about it, it was normal. Ye Zao could have anything he wanted, except for relying on a man. ”

“Yesterday, when CEN Shaoqing was in the financial world, Cen Shaoqing could still help her. Now that Cen Shaoqing had just left the financial world, she was in a complete mess. ”

“Thinking About Ye Zao’s miserable face when he begged her, Zhao Xueyin’s eyes were filled with joy. ”

Ye Zao also had this day! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Seeing that Zhao Xueyin stood there without moving for a long time, Annie reminded her, “Miss Zhao, president ye is waiting for you in the Office!” ”

“I got it.”Zhao Xueyin recollected her thoughts and walked into the office.

“When she pushed open the office door, Ye Zao was indeed inside. ”

Ye Zao’s back was facing the door as he stood in front of the French window. His waist was very straight.

“The golden morning sun shone through the glass from the outside, coating her body with a shallow halo. ”

“Although her face couldn’t be seen, a unique and powerful aura erupted from her body, making people unable to catch up to her. ”

Zhao Xueyin narrowed her eyes.

“No matter what, a disgusting person always emitted a disgusting smell. ”

“Zhao Xueyin snorted coldly, walked to the desk, sat down, opened the folder, and looked up at Ye Zao. “May I know why President Ye is looking for me?” ”

At the same time.

Zhao Xueyin counted down to three in her heart.

“Three, two, one! ”

Just you wait!

The next second.

Ye Zhuo would be begging her with tears streaming down his face.

She was looking forward to the next scene.

The corners of Zhao Xueyin’s lips curled up.

“Hearing this, Ye Zhuo turned around slightly. His clear eyes and brows appeared in the air. He looked at Zhao Xueyin and said coldly, “Miss Zhao, it’s already 9:10.” ”

Zhao Xueyin was stunned.

9:10 am?

This was a little different from what Zhao Xueyin had imagined.

Shouldn’t Ye Zao be crying bitterly and begging me to help her?

“However, not only did ye Zao not cry bitterly, he even looked so high and mighty. ”

Ye Zao was begging for help?

Did Ye Zao know that she was the only one who could save the Jiang Financial Group NOW!

“As long as she was unhappy, she could destroy ye Zao’s reputation in the financial world and make him unable to establish himself! ”

A Fool was a fool.

She didn’t have the slightest discernment.

“So?”Zhao Xueyin looked up at Ye Zao.

She wanted to see what tricks Ye Zao was going to play.

“Ye Zao continued, “You start work at 9 am. Miss Zhao, you’re already 10 minutes late.” ”

10 minutes late?

Could it be that ye Zhuo still wanted to pursue the matter of her being late?

She was simply a dead pig that wasn’t afraid of boiling water!

“Even at this time, Ye Zhuo still dared to use such an attitude to talk to her. ”

“Zhao Xueyin narrowed her eyes. “Then President Ye, don’t you know that when you beg someone, you should act like you’re begging someone?” ”

With Ye Zhuo acting like this?

Who would help her?

It was simply laughable!

“As she finished speaking, Zhao Xueyin leaned back on the chair and crossed her arms in front of her chest, she said with an aloof manner, “President Ye, we’re all from the same financial group. You’re also elder Ye’s descendant. For the sake of elder Ye, I won’t lower myself to your level regarding what happened just now. “If you kneel down and beg me now, perhaps I’ll consider helping you.” ”

“Next, they just had to wait for ye Zao to kneel down. ”

“Zhao Xueyin curled her lips, her eyes filled with pride. ”

The anger that she had been holding back during this period of time had disappeared completely at this moment.

Ye Zao just looked at Zhao Xueyin without any expression on his face.

PA —

The next second.

A stack of documents was thrown in front of Zhao Xueyin.

The documents looked very light.

“However, they were thrown on the table with a lot of force. ”

“Zhao Xueyin did not expect ye Zao to do this. She was stunned at first, then she frowned and looked up at Ye Zao. ”

Throw the documents?

He actually dared to throw the documents in front of her?

Was she crazy?

These documents were definitely the consent forms for the Jiang Financial Group’s proposal.

“If ye Zao wanted her help, he needed her to sign the consent forms. ”

“Since he wanted her to sign it, how dare he throw the document in front of her? ”

Did Ye Zhuo really think that she could do whatever she wanted just because she was a descendant of the Ye Family?

That old man from the Ye family had long died!

What was the current ye Zhuo?

“In front of her, Ye Zhuo was not even a finger of hers. ”

“”President Ye, what does this mean?”Zhao Xueyin asked despite knowing the answer. ”

“Ye Zhuo continued, “Did you sign all these documents?” ”