Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1180: 254: her face was pale. She had actually lost to someone she had never taken a fancy to before! 2

Translator: 549690339

Zhao Xueyin was both angry and annoyed. Her heart was so uncomfortable that she could hardly breathe.

This was the first time in her life that she had lost so miserably.

“Moreover, she had lost to the same person! ”

A person she had never taken a fancy to before.

“Rebecca said with a cold face, “Deliberately humiliating? Madam Zhao, a person should know their place! Someone like you still wants our boss to deliberately humiliate you? May I ask if you are qualified? If our boss wants to target you, he can just use a small finger! Is there a need to do this?” ”

“After saying that, Rebecca looked at Ye Zhuo. “Boss, I’m really sorry! It’s all my fault! I shouldn’t have brought such a person in front of you to dirty your eyes! Madam Zhao, please.” ”

“At the end of her sentence, Rebecca made a ‘please’gesture. ”

Zhao Xueyin pinched her fingers.

Her entire body was trembling.

“”Madam Zhao, can’t you save some face for yourself? Don’t tell me you want the security to come up and invite you?”Seeing that Zhao Xueyin did not move for a long time, Rebecca continued to speak. ”

“At this moment, Rebecca’s address to Zhao Xueyin had already changed from ‘Miss Zhao’to ‘Madam Zhao’. ”

Zhao Xueyin quickly reacted and turned around to walk out.

Every step she took was extremely heavy.

It was hard to breathe.

“Rebecca turned to look at Ye Zhuo. “Boss, I’m sorry! I promise that there won’t be any substitute appointments next time!” ” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“”Deduct half a month’s salary,”ye Zhuo continued, “If there’s a next time, go to the personnel department and resign.” ”

“Rebecca heaved a sigh of relief. “Thank you, Boss!” ”

“As long as she wasn’t fired, it would be fine. ”

“The remuneration in the studio was very good. If she lost this job, she might not be able to find another job as good as this one. ”

Ye Zhuo carried the desserts and walked towards the office.

Rebecca picked up the desserts on the ground and walked towards the rubbish bin.

“Wait.”Ye Zhuo suddenly looked back.

“Rebecca asked curiously, “Do you have any other instructions?” ”

“Do you want to throw it away?”Ye Zao asked.

“Yes.”Rebecca nodded.

“Ye Zao continued, “Send it to my office.” ”

“You mean this?”Rebecca raised the dessert in her hand.

“Yes.”Ye Zao nodded slightly.

Rebecca’s eyes were filled with surprise.

This dessert had fallen to the ground and was no longer formed. Could it be that ye Zao had stayed behind to eat it?

Besides.

The thing was brought by Zhao Xueyin. Could Ye Zao really eat it?

“After a moment, Rebecca finally reacted and sent the dessert to Ye Zao’s office. ”

“Ye Zao opened the outer packaging. The dessert inside had been smashed into pieces, but it did not affect the consumption. ”

“Seeing ye Zao eat up the desserts bit by bit, Rebecca was a little surprised. ”

Ye Zao was probably the most frugal boss she had ever met.

He even ate the cake that fell to the ground.

“If this were to be told, no one would believe it! ”

...

Zhao Xueyin did not know how she walked out of the studio.

“It was clearly sunny outside, but Zhao Xueyin felt so cold that she trembled. ”

It was a world of ice and snow.

What should she do?

What should she do now?

She had boasted in front of the shareholders that she would be able to invite Shizhu.

But now...

Ye Zhuo was just shizhu. How was she going to explain this to the shareholders.

What else could she use to argue with Ye Zhuo?

Zhao Xueyin took a deep breath and tried her best to calm herself down.

“At this moment, her phone suddenly rang. ”

Zhao Xueyin’s hands trembled as she picked up the call. “Hello.”

“Si Lui’s voice came from the other end of the phone screen. “Xueyin, are you here?” ”

“After a long while, Zhao Xueyin finally reacted.”... I’m here.” ”

“Si lui continued, “Then how did your conversation with Qian Ju Go?” ”

“I. . .”

“Si lui frowned. “Xueyin, did something happen? Why is there something wrong with your voice?” ”

“Zhao Xueyin opened her mouth, but the rest of her words were stuck in her throat and could not come out. ”

How was she going to tell the lawyer that ye Zhuo was just Qian Zhuo.

She could not bring herself to say it.

She was not convinced.

She was really not convinced.

“Even now, she still did not understand why ye Zhuo was just Qian Zhuo? ”

“In the world of technology, Ye Zhuo was Doctor YC. ”

“In the world of design, Ye Zhuo was master Qian Zhuo. ”

How many other unknown identities did ye Zao have?

How did she do it?

Zhao Xueyin thought that she was already very outstanding.

She had already obtained her doctorate at the age of 26.

How many people in the circle could obtain a doctorate at the age of 26?

But Ye Zao...

Ye Zao was only 20 years old.

Did she have three heads and six arms?

Zhao Xueyin really couldn’t figure it out.

“Just as Zhao Xueyin was feeling uncomfortable, the lawyer’s voice came from the other side again. “Xueyin, is the cooperation not going well?” ”