Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1189: 255: Zhao Xueyin fell into the trap and saw through his true colors. The lawyer was stunned! 5

Translator: 549690339

Ye Zhuo had an uncle?

Millet sized up ye Sen from head to toe.

Although ye Sen was dressed neatly.

There was not a single name tag on his entire body.

The shoes on his feet were even from Taobao.

They were the kind of shoes that cost 59 Yuan and nine packets of mail.

Could this kind of person be ye Zhuo’s uncle?

“If he was really ye Zao’s uncle, then he was Old Ye’s grandson.”

Old Ye could have such a LOW grandson?

“In this day and age, there were really all kinds of people!”

He actually dared to pretend to be a royal relative!

“He had seen shameless people, but he had never seen such a shameless person!”

He was probably here to steal something.

“You?”Millet sneered. “You still want to be our President Ye’s uncle? Are You Worthy?”

Ye Sen frowned slightly.

“This little girl didn’t have much ability, but her temper wasn’t small.”

How could there be such an employee by Ye Zao’s side?

“Ye Sen didn’t want to argue with a little girl. He continued, “I’m really President Ye’s uncle. Quickly go and call president ye out! Otherwise, you can let me in!””

“Millet crossed her arms and looked at Ye Sen with a disgusted expression. “You can see our president ye whenever you want! You even stole things here! Hurry up and get lost! Otherwise, I’ll call security!””

“Sear Sear!”Ye Sen tiptoed and took a look inside.

“”What are you shouting for! Do you really think that just by calling twice, our president ye is really your niece!”Millet pressed down the communicator on her chest. “Is the security team here?””

“Yes.”A voice came from the communicator. “I’m the head of the security team. Please speak your mind.”

“Millet continued, “There’s a thief at the door of President Ye’s office on the 58th floor! Please bring someone up!””

“Okay.”

“”Who are you calling a thief?”Ye Sen said angrily, “What’s wrong with you, little girl? I already said that I’m your President Ye’s uncle! Be careful or I’ll make my niece Fire You!””

“Fire me?”Millet looked at ye Sen with disdain in her eyes. “With just you?”

“A clay bodhisattva crossing the river could not even protect himself, yet he was still in the mood to brag.”

The security came very quickly.

“Millet pointed at ye sen and said, “Team leader Zhu, this is the thief! Quickly bring him to the police station!””

“I’m not a thief!”

“The security forced ye Sen to be taken away. In desperation, Ye Sen could only fight with the security guards.”

More and more security guards came to the 58th floor. The corridor was in a mess.

“At this moment, a clear voice sounded in the air, “What’s going on?””

“Seeing ye Zao, Millet immediately stood up and pointed at Ye Sen, who was lifting a security guard with one hand, “President Ye, this thief is pretending to be your uncle!””

“Ye Zao looked back slightly, “Uncle!””

“”Eldest niece!”Ye Sen let go of the security guard’s collar, “Who are these people around you? They are all snobs!””

Millet was dumbfounded.

His face turned pale.

“He, he, he was really ye Zhuo’s uncle.”

What should they do?

The security guards were also dumbfounded.

“The head of the security team quickly stood up and explained, “President Ye, Millet was the one who informed us to come to your office to catch the Thief.””

“After saying that, the head of the security team said to the few security guards behind him, “Hurry up and apologize to Mr. Ye!””

“The few security guards bowed to Ye Sen in unison. “Mr. Ye, I’m sorry.””

“”Forget it, forget it. This really isn’t your fault.”Ye Sen waved his hand. He wasn’t the kind of person who would be unreasonable.”

“Ye Zhuo continued, “You guys can go downstairs first.”” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The security team leader brought a few security guards downstairs.

Ye Zhuo turned to look at Millet. “Hand over the work to Allie. You Don’t have to come tomorrow.”

“Millet was drenched in cold sweat. “President Ye, I’m Sorry! It was all my fault just now. I shouldn’t have done that! Please Don’t Fire Me!””

“After saying that, millet turned around and apologized to Ye Sen.”

Ye Sen did not want to bother with her.

“If such a person really stayed, it would be a disaster.”

“Seeing millet like this, Allie immediately walked to Millet’s side. “Come with me.””

Millet was unwilling to accept this.

“She had not made a mistake, so what right did ye Zao Have to fire her?”

“According to the company’s rules, those who did not have an appointment could not go up to the 58th floor!”

“Ye Sen did not have anything. With just his mouth, he claimed to be ye Zao’s uncle. It was normal for her to mistake ye Sen for a thief.”

“Even if she had made a mistake, ye Zao could take it as a demerit.”

Fire Her? No Way!

This was unreasonable.

“Millet directly shook off Allie’s hand. “President Ye wants to fire me, right? Sure! According to Article 19 of the third page of the labor contract, if you fire an employee without reason, you must pay half a year’s salary!””