Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

“Chapter 1196: 256: Si Lui suddenly came to his senses! Face slapping, Master Five’s vest dropped all over the floor! 5”

Translator: 549690339

“”Yes,”si lui nodded, “As long as I can be with you, I’m willing to be a salesman on the second floor!” ”

Be with her?

Si lui was simply fantasizing!

“Zhao Xueyin’s eyes were full of sarcasm, which disappeared in a flash, then, she said, “But Big Brother Si, I don’t want you to suffer such grievances! Listen to me and leave the Shunxi Financial Group! I believe that you will do more after you leave the Shunxi Financial Group!” ”

“”Actually, you want to chase me away, right?”Si lui raised his head and looked at Zhao Xueyin without any expression in his eyes, “In your eyes, I’m just a fool who thinks too highly of himself!” ”

Zhao Xueyin was shocked.

All of a sudden.

How did si lui suddenly become like this?

What did he know?

“Zhao Xueyin said in disbelief, “Brother Si, what are you saying? In My Eyes, you will always be the best and best confidant! No one can replace you! Why do you think so? or did someone say something in front of you?” ” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“”Hehe,”si lui sneered, “Is that so? Since no one can replace me, then why did you chase me away?” ”

“Zhao Xueyin continued to explain, “I didn’t chase you away. Big Brother Si, why do you think so? ! I asked you to leave Shunxi Financial Group for your own good! I just feel that it’s too unfair to you! I Can’t bear to see you suffer like this! Why Can’t you understand?” ”

“The lawyer had been demoted four ranks in a row in the Shunxi Financial Group, so there was no possibility of promotion in the future. ”

“From the perspective of a bystander, her words were indeed reasonable. ”

Unfortunately.

The lawyer was no longer the same lawyer as before.

Zhao Xueyin’s heart was also a little flustered.

She had an intuition.

Some things had already changed in the dark.

The lawyer had also changed.

“If this was in the past, the lawyer would definitely have agreed readily and would be extremely grateful to her. ”

“All these years, the lawyer was like a marionette. ”

“Zhao Xueyin told him to go east, he would never go west, Zhao Xueyin told him to go north, he would never go south. ”

But now.

“Not only did the lawyer reject her, he even questioned her. ”

“According to the lawyer’s IQ, he would never suspect her. ”

Unless someone said something in front of the lawyer.

Who was this person?

Ye Zhuo?

“Other than ye Zhuo, Zhao Xueyin could not think of a second person. ”

It was definitely ye Zhuo!

Ye Zhuo wanted to sow discord and turn the lawyer into her lap dog.

How Shameless!

“Zhao Xueyin’s eyes were red as she continued, “Big Brother Si, think about it carefully. Am I doing this for your own good? We’ve known each other for so many years. Don’t you know what kind of person I am?” ”

“”It’s precisely because of this that I love you so much! I trust you so much, but Zhao Xueyin, are you really worthy of me doing this?”The previous Si lui had never doubted himself. ”

The current lawyer did not want to doubt himself either.

“But things had come to this point, and he had no choice but to doubt his own judgment. ”

“Zhao Xueyin took a deep breath and looked at the lawyer, “It’s Ye Zhuo, right? It must be ye Zhuo! Ever since ye Zhuo returned, all of you have changed. You have changed, and so has Xiao Yu! All of you have changed! Big Brother SI, if you really think that I’m chasing you away, then think of it this way! In short, I have a clear conscience!” ”

Ye Zhuo.

Zhao Xueyin brought up ye Zhuo again at this time.

“Si lui suddenly remembered that the last time, it was under the same circumstances that his misunderstanding of ye Zhuo suddenly deepened. ”

“Under Zhao Xueyin’s misdirection, he felt that everything was ye Zhuo’s fault. ”

“Si lui looked at Zhao xueyin like this, “This matter has nothing to do with President Ye! Don’t drag irrelevant people into it!” ”

“”Even if it doesn’t matter, you’re still protecting her?”Zhao xueyin sneered, “Si Lui, you’ve really disappointed me!” ”

President Ye?

Si Lui’s attitude changed so quickly!

“A moment later, Zhao Xueyin took a deep breath, then, she said, “Brother Si, Don’t be deceived by Ye Zhuo!”! Ye Zhuo was a girl who relied on men to get to the top. She was the best at Bewitching People’s Hearts! You were kept in the dark by her. I can let you off with what I said just now. Please believe me. My heart has never changed for you, and I’ve never thought of chasing you away!” ”

“Okay!”Si lui nodded. “Then I’ll believe you this time.”

“Seeing this, Zhao Xueyin smiled. “Brother Si, thank you.” ”

“Si lui took out the flowers and the diamond ring, “Since your heart for me has never changed, then marry me! We’re not young anymore, and uncle also hopes that we can get together as soon as possible.”As long as Zhao Xueyin was willing to accept the flowers and the diamond ring, si lui would believe her. ”