Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

“Chapter 1349: 278: Zhou Xiang then got tough and angrily rebuked Xie wanqiu, severing ties! 7”

Translator: 549690339

Ye Zhuo stood up. “I’ll send you off.”

“Old madam CEN said, “No need, no need. You’re busy with your work, you’re not an outsider!” ”

“Although Old Madam Cen said so, Ye Zhuo still sent old madam Cen out. ”

“Very soon, old Madam Cen returned to the Cen family manor. ”

Zhou Xiang was at a loss as to what to do with her phone when she suddenly heard old Mrs. Cen’s voice. “Xiang Xiang!”

“”Mom, you’re back!”Zhou Xiang turned around. ”

“Old Mrs. Cen continued, “Take out your phone.” ”

Zhou Xiang took out his phone.

“Old Mrs. Cen said, “Call Xie Wanqiu.” ”

Zhou Xiang was stunned. “Why are you calling her?”

“Old Mrs. Cen continued, “Tell her that Shaoqing’s grandmother passed away thirty years ago. Shaoqing will definitely not go to the hospital to see her! “Tell her not to flatter herself. Our Cen family doesn’t have many relatives like her. We don’t have many relatives like her either!” ”

Zhou Xiang was terrified when she heard this.

She did not dare to make the call.

“Did you hear what I Said?”Old Mrs. Cen asked.

“Zhou Xiang said, “Mom, isn’t it not good for us to do this...” ”

Old Mrs. Cen glanced at Zhou Xiang. “You can choose between her and me.”

“Mom...”

“”Mom, what mom!”Old Mrs. Cen pulled a long face. “I’m not joking with you! I believe that Shaoqing will also support my decision!” ”

“Xie wanqiu and old Mrs. Cen. Of course, Zhou Xiang would choose Old Mrs. Cen. ”

“All these years, old Mrs. Cen had treated her like her own daughter and had never let her suffer. ”

The reason why Zhou Xiang tolerated Xie Wanqiu so much was because he did not want to escalate the conflict.

But now.

“The conflict was getting deeper and deeper. If she did not make a choice, she was afraid that even old Madam Cen, this adorable mother-in-law, would be lost. ”

“Zhou Xiang picked up her phone. “Mom, I’ll listen to you.” ”

“Old Madam Cen continued, “Put her on speaker.” ”

“Okay.”

Zhou Xiang took a deep breath and dialed Xie Wanqiu’s number.

“In the ward, when she saw Zhou Xiang’s call, the corners of Xie Wanqiu’s lips curled up. ”

Why did Zhou Xiang Call?

He must be here to lower himself and admit his mistake.

“Xie wanqiu slid to the phone and answered, “How many times have I told you! You Don’t have the right to apologize to me! Tell Shaoqing to come early tomorrow morning!” ”

Zhou Xiang glanced at Old Mrs. Cen.

Old Mrs. Cen took a sip of tea and everything was said in silence.

Zhou Xiang gulped. “Shaoqing’s grandmother passed away thirty years ago. You Don’t have the right to let him visit you!”

What?

“When she heard this, Xie Wanqiu thought she was deaf! ”

What a Zhou Xiang!

She actually dared to talk to her like that!

Good!

Very good!

“”What did you say? Zhou Xiang!”Xie wanqiu continued, “Do you know who I am?” ”

“Since she had already said those harsh words, she did not care about what she said next. Zhou Xiang might as well go all out and continue, “Didn’t you say that you don’t want to be discharged from the hospital? Then you can stay in the hospital for the rest of your life!” ”

“Old Mrs. Cen raised her voice and said, “Whoever gets discharged from the hospital will not be raised by their parents!” ”

“Xie wanqiu was so angry that she was about to vomit blood. She said fiercely, “Zhou Xiang, you don’t even acknowledge me as your mother?” ”

“Seeing that Zhou Xiang was about to be defeated, Old Mrs. Cen took Zhou Xiang’s phone and continued, “Shameless! You really dare to put your own face on it. Our Xiangxiang’s mother has been gone for decades. Who Do you think you are!” ”

“After saying that, old madam Cen returned the phone to Zhou Xiang. ”

“Zhou Xiang continued, “My mother is right! You, who do you think you are!” ”

“It was also because Xie Wanqiu did not have a heart attack. If Xie Wanqiu had even the slightest heart attack, she would have been angered to death. ”

That B * Tch Zhou Xiang!

How dare she!

How dare she!

B * Tch!

“Zhou Xiang covered the earpiece and turned to look at Old Madam Cen. “Mother, do you want to say anything else?” ”

Old Mrs. Cen guessed that Xie wanqiu must be very angry. “Hang up. She’ll have to take it.”

Zhou Xiang hung up the phone.

“After hanging up the phone, old Mrs. Cen continued, “Xiang Xiang, you did well. You have to do it again in the future! Xie Wanqiu is a shameless person. If you don’t be a little tougher, she can climb on top of your head and shit!” ”

“Okay.”Zhou Xiang nodded.

“Old Mrs. Cen added, “Right. Blacklist Xie Wanqiu’s phone number and wechat immediately.” ”

“Okay.”

“”And Zheng Wanyin’s,”old Mrs. Cen added. ”

“Wanyin?”Zhou Xiang hesitated. “This is between me and her. It has nothing to do with Wanyin...”

“”I think that Zheng Wanyin is not a good person. If she was a good person, she would not have suspected her for no reason! This kind of person will be a disaster sooner or later!”Old Mrs. Cen hit the nail on the head. ”

Zhou Xiang could only listen to old Mrs. Cen and blacklist Zheng Wanyin as well.

“On the other side, at the hospital. ”

“The moment Zheng Wanyin arrived at the ward, she saw Xie wanqiu sitting on the bed and cursing loudly. ”

“”Grandma, What’s Wrong?” ” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“It’s all because of that B * Tch Zhou Xiang! I think she has rebelled against the Heavens!”Xie wanqiu cursed and told her what had happened.

“Hearing that, Zheng Wanyin frowned tightly. ”

“In her eyes, Zhou Xiang had always been a very gentle existence. She had never been angry with anyone. ”

She did not expect Zhou Xiang to actually say such harsh words to Xie wanqiu this time.

“”Grandma, don’t worry. There must be a misunderstanding. I’ll contact second aunt right now.”Zheng Wanyin immediately took out her phone. ”

“However, the next second, her expression changed. ”

She was blacklisted by Zhou Xiang.

Zheng Wanyin quickly opened wechat again.

It was the same on wechat.

Blacklisted status.

It seemed that Zhou Xiang was serious this time.

“Seeing Zheng Wanyin like this, Xie wanqiu said, “What’s Wrong?” ”

“”Grandma, second aunt seems to be really angry this time.”Zheng Wanyin’s expression was a little ugly. “She blacklisted my wechat and phone number.” ”

“How dare you! B * Tch!”Xie wanqiu grabbed the cup on the table and threw it on the ground. “Call Your Grandpa! Call Your Grandpa Right Now!”