Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1352: 279: Xie Wanqiu is about to break down! 3

Translator: 549690339

Xie wanqiu even wanted to call Zhou Zuolong to scold him to death.

“Unfortunately, she couldn’t. ”

Because Zheng Wanyin said that she fainted.

“If she scolded someone at this time, wouldn’t she be exposed? ”

On the other side. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The Cen family.

“After blocking Xie Wanqiu and Zheng Wanyin’s phone calls and wechat, Zhou Xiang had been in a trance. ”

She had never done such a rebellious thing in her life. Xie wanqiu must be furious now.

“Zhou Xiang turned to look at Old Mrs. Cen. “Mom, do you think she will tell my dad about this? What if my dad comes looking for me?” ”

“You are now a member of our Cen family. Do you think your dad will dare to touch you?”Old Mrs. Cen cracked a melon seed. “I’m not dead yet! I’d like to see who dares to bully my daughter-in-law!”

“”I’m just afraid that it won’t sound good if it gets out,”Zhou Xiang said. ”

Old Mrs. Cen spat out the melon seed skin. “They don’t even mind being criticized for what they’ve done. What are you afraid of? !”

“After saying that.., old Mrs. Cen continued, “Xiang Xiang, think about it. Ever since your mother left, is your father still the same as before? Therefore, this time, you must pick up your attitude and fight with them to the end! Don’t let them think that you are easy to bully! The weaker you are, the easier they think you are to bully! Especially that Xie wanqiu. Look, how much has she bullied you all these years?” ”

“Hearing this, Zhou Xiang couldn’t put on any expression. ”

Old Mrs. Cen was right.

“Ever since his mother passed away, Father Zhou really seemed to have changed, especially since Xie Wanqiu entered the house. ”

He treated Xie Wanqiu’s daughter better than her and her younger brother.

“Otherwise, Zhou Xiang’s younger brother would not have run away from home. ”

“Old Mrs. Cen looked at Zhou Xiang’s side profile and sighed, then, she said, “Xiangxiang, I’m already so old. How long can I protect you? If I leave one day, you have to learn to face those wolves and Tigers by yourself!” ”

“”Mom, your body is so good. Don’t say such things.”Zhou Xiang’s eyes were inexplicably red. ”

She did not know what had happened to her.

“Old Mrs. Cen smiled and said, “Life and death are the path of reincarnation, and it’s even more normal. Each and every one of us have to experience it. To be honest, after living for so long, I’ve long been tired of it! I’m quite looking forward to the afterlife.” ”

Others were afraid of death.

But Old Mrs. Cen was not afraid.

“It was not that she hated the world, but that she had moved on. ”

“As long as one moved on, everything would be fine. ”

“Speaking up to this point, old Mrs. Cen patted Zhou Xiang on the shoulder, “Xiang Xiang, Yezi and Shaoqing are so busy. When they get married, you’ll definitely be in charge of all the big and small matters in the family! “But if you keep doing this, how can I trust you to take care of the family! “As the saying goes, a mother is strong. Don’t you want to do something for Shaoqing and Yezi?” ”

“According to Zhou Xiang’s current state, Old Mrs. Cen would definitely not be at ease. ”

“If she really handed the Cen family over to Zhou Xiang to manage, then the CEN family would not be the CEN family, but would directly change their surname to Xie! ”

“Just Xie wanqiu, that old woman, would definitely turn the family upside down. ”

Old Mrs. Cen’s words stunned Zhou Xiang.

She really wanted to do something for Cen Shaoqing and Ye Zhuo.

“But most of the time, her heart was willing but her strength was insufficient. ”

She did not know what was wrong with her.

“Old Mrs. Cen patted Zhou Xiang’s hand, then she said, “Xiang Xiang, actually, when I was young, I was similar to you. My heart was soft and my ears were soft. I listened to what others said! “Because of this, I almost broke up with Shaoqing’s grandfather. Everyone has a process of growth. No one is born that strong... “... “Escaping is not the way to solve the problem. You have to learn to face it!” ”

“Zhou Xiang looked at Old Mrs. Cen and nodded seriously. “Mom, I understand. Don’t worry. From today onwards, I will work hard to make myself better. I will support a warm home for burning and Shaoqing.” ”

A mother is a strong woman.

In the future

“”Okay.”Old Madam Cen smiled and said, “I believe in you.” ”

“Zhou Xiang reached out and hugged old madam Cen. “Mom, thank you.” ”

“Old Madam Cen patted Zhou Xiang on the back. “Silly child, I’m your mother.” ”

She hoped that Zhou Xiang had really listened to her and not just listened.

1

8 pm.

Zheng Wanyin returned to the hotel near the hospital.

“As soon as she returned, Wu Youyu sneaked into Xie Wanqiu’s ward. ”

“When she saw Wu Youyu, the anger on Xie Wanqiu’s face dissipated a lot. She was surprised and happy. “Why are you here again?” ”

“”I’ll stay here with You Tonight.”As she said that, Wu Youyu was about to take off his clothes and go to bed. ”