Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1353: 279: Xie Wanqiu is about to break down! 4

Translator: 549690339

“”Not Tonight,”Xie Wanqiu refused. ”

“Why?”Wu Youyu frowned. “Didn’t Yinyin go to the hotel? No one will bother us!”

“Xie wanqiu continued, “Zhou Zuolong will come tomorrow.” ”

“Why did that Idiot Zhou Zuolong come over?”Wu Youyu asked.

Xie wanqiu told him about Zhou Xiang’s matter.

“When he heard that, Wu Youyu’s expression did not look good. ”

“For so many years, Zhou Xiang had always been dutiful. Not only did he treat Xie wanqiu as his biological mother, he had never said anything harsh to her. But this time, it had suddenly become like this. ”

Things... seemed to be very wrong.

Wu Youyu had a strange intuition.

Zhou Xiang...

Seemed to be getting rid of Xie Wanqiu’s control.

“Wu youyu continued, “Then can Zhou Zuolong solve the problem?” ”

“”Zhou Zuolong is Zhou Xiang’s biological father,”Xie wanqiu continued, “Can Zhou Xiang not listen to Zhou Zuolong?” ”

“Wu Youyu nodded, “That’s true! After all, you are Zhou Xiang’s stepmother. No matter how good you are to her, there is still a layer of separation between the two of you. Zhou Zuolong is different. His bones are broken and his tendons are still connected. After all, they are father and daughter!” ”

“Xie wanqiu continued, “You should go back quickly!” ”

“When Will Zhou Zuolong arrive?”Wu Youyu asked.

“He said he’ll arrive at ten tomorrow morning.”

Wu Youyu reached out and put his arm around Xie Wanqiu’s shoulder. “Then why are you in such a hurry to let me go?”

Xie wanqiu pushed Wu youyu away very rationally. “What if he comes earlier?”

“Wu Youyu hesitated for a moment. “I don’t think so, right?” ”

“”We’re not afraid of anything, just in case.”Xie wanqiu pushed Wu Youyu out. “It’s always good to be cautious. If I don’t text you in the future, don’t come over.” ”

“With Xie wanqiu like this, Wu Youyu had no choice but to walk out. ”

“Just as he walked out of the hospital, the smile on Wu Youyu’s face disappeared without a trace. He flagged down a car. “Let’s go to Crystal Jue Hotel.” ”

“”Okay,”the driver said. ”

Wu Youyu took out his phone and sent a message.

“Not long after, the car stopped at the entrance of Crystal Jue Hotel. ”

“The driver turned around and said, “Sir, you’re here. It’s a total of 51 yuan.” ”

“Alipay.”

The driver handed Wu Youyu a QR code.

Wu Youyu scanned the QR code and paid all the way to the third floor of the hotel. He swiped his card and entered.

“As soon as he opened the door, he saw a young woman in a bathrobe coming out of the bathroom. ”

“Little Baby Qingqing.”Wu Youyu walked over quickly and reached out to hug her.

“Zhang Qingqing smiled and said, “Didn’t you go to see that old woman? Why are you back so soon?” ”

Zhang Qingqing met Wu Youyu by chance.

“Later, she was kept by Wu Youyu. ”

“That 100,000 yuan bag was given to Zhang Qingqing by Wu Youyu. ”

Wu Youyu took off his bathrobe and kissed her. “The old woman isn’t as good as you.”

“Whenever Wu Youyu thought of Xie wanqiu, whose face was full of wrinkles, he couldn’t help but feel disgusted. ”

It had been 35 years.

“During these 35 years, in order to firmly tie Xie wanqiu down, Wu Youyu didn’t dare to marry and have children. He didn’t dare to have too much contact with the opposite sex in public. ”

He had long been tired of Xie wanqiu.

“Ever since he met Zhang Qingqing, Wu Youyu only knew what true happiness was. ”

“Being together with Zhang Qingqing, even he became younger. ”

God knows how happy Wu Youyu was when Xie Wanqiu did not allow him to spend the night in the hospital ward.

Unfortunately.

That kind of happiness could not be shared with others. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Unknowingly, the two of them rolled onto the bed. ”

...

On the other side.

At the base.

“After Xiao Lu completed the resignation procedures, he left the quality inspection department. ”

“Just as he walked out of the door, he was stopped by a pleasant voice. “Xiao Lu.” ”

“When Xiao Lu turned around, he saw Tang Xue with a smile on her face. ”

“Tang Xue was the youngest researcher in this base other than ye Zhuo. Actually, Xiao Lu wanted to join Tang Xue’s team in the beginning. ”

It was a pity.

“Tang Xue’s team was too popular. Before she could register, it was already full. Therefore, Little Lu could only choose to join ye Zhuo’s space mothership team. ”

“Researcher Tang.”

Tang Xue smiled and nodded. “Are you going on a business trip?”

“”I’m leaving,”Little Lu said. ”

Leaving? !

Tang Xue was surprised. “Why are you leaving? Did Something Happen?”

“Xiao Lu said, “There was a mistake at work.” ”

“Tang Xue said, “I see that you’re usually quite serious about your work. How about this? My Experimental Department is still short of an experimenter. Do you want to give it a try?” ”

“Really?”Xiao Lu looked at Tang Xue with a face full of surprise.