Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1355: 279: Xie Wanqiu is about to break down! 6

Translator: 549690339

Old Nie was a little anxious and kept looking inside.

“Another half an hour passed. Just as old nie thought that Zhou Dongyang did not come to work today, the sound of footsteps could be heard in the quiet space. ”

Old Nie turned around and saw Zhou Dongyang walking over.

“Dongyang!”Old Nie immediately went up to him.

“Old nie.”Zhou Dongyang casually handed old nie a cigarette.

Old Nie waved his hand. “I quit.”

Zhou Dongyang was a little surprised. “Really?”

“”Yes.”Old Nie continued, “I quit after I left Miss Ye’s research group.” ”

Zhou Dongyang nodded and lit the cigarette. “What’s the matter?”

“Old nie smiled and said, “To be precise, it’s a good thing.” ”

“What Good Thing?”Zhou Dongyang was a little curious.

“Old NIE continued, “Dongyang, leave Miss Ye’s Place!”! “Don’t worry, I’ve already made an agreement with Miss Tang on your behalf. As long as you’re willing to join the Tang family’s laboratory, Miss Tang will let you be the deputy director!”Zhou Dongyang was a capable person, to let him stay at Ye Zhuo’s place was simply Overkill! ”

“Old Nie originally thought that after he said these words, Zhou Dongyang would be very happy. He did not expect that Zhou Dongyang’s face did not show any happiness. He only exhaled a puff of smoke, “Old nie, I appreciate your kindness, but I’m pretty good at Miss Ye’s Place! I don’t want to change places.” ”

“Did I hear wrong?”Old Nie looked at Zhou Dongyang in surprise.

“Zhou Dongyang said very seriously, “You didn’t hear it wrong! “All of you think that Miss Ye’s aircraft carrier plan is nonsense, but I don’t think so! “In my opinion, Miss Ye is leading us to research a great cause. One day, we will make the whole world, and even the whole world, see a bright light!” ”

“In fact, at the beginning, Zhou Dongyang and old nie had the same skeptical attitude towards ye Zhuo. ”

“After all, Ye Zao was too young. ”

“Moreover, words like surpassing the speed of light sounded unrealistic. ”

“But later, ye Zao used his strength to conquer him. ”

“Although ye Zao was young, his ability and talent had exceeded everyone’s imagination! ”

“After saying that, Zhou Dongyang continued, “Old nie, if there’s a chance, come back!” ”

“Old Nie frowned tightly. “Dongyang, you’re Crazy! You Don’t really think that miss ye can create an aircraft carrier, do you?” ”

“Zhou Dongyang said very seriously, “It’s not that I think, it’s that Miss Ye really can!” ”

“”Dongyang, calm down. You’re already forty-five years old this year, not twenty-five!”In other words, Zhou Dongyang had long passed the age of Dreaming. ”

“If Zhou Dongyang was twenty-five this year, then he could take a gamble. ”

But what right did a forty-five-year-old man have to gamble?

Did he not want his family?

Did he not want his wife and children?

The burden on him was too heavy.

“If the aircraft carrier plan failed, then Zhou Dongyang’s life would be over. ”

“Zhou Dongyang put out the cigarette butt on the trash can. “Old nie, I believe that he will be very calm.” ”

“Old Nie sighed. “Dongyang, are you really not going to think about it anymore?” ”

“There’s no need to think about it.”

“Old NIE continued, “You will definitely regret it!” ”

“There was no medicine for regret in this world. At that time, even if Zhou Dongyang regretted it, it would be useless. ”

“Zhou Dongyang smiled and said, “The one who regrets isn’t me, it’s you.” ”

“”Don’t worry, I’ll never regret it!”At this point, old nie raised his head and looked at Zhou Dongyang. “Dongyang, it wasn’t easy for me to convince Miss Tang to let you join the Tang family’s laboratory. Are you really not going to think about it anymore?” ”

“There’s no need to reconsider.”Zhou Dongyang’s attitude was firm.

“Old Nie shook his head helplessly. He had already said so much. Since there was someone who didn’t know what was good for him, what could he do? ”

“”Dongyang,”old nie patted Zhou Dongyang’s shoulder. “Take care of yourself.” ”

“Zhou Dongyang said, “You take care too. I still have something to do, so I’ll be leaving First!” ”

“Old Nie looked at Zhou Dongyang’s back, unable to put on any expression. ”

Zhou Dongyang’s good intentions were like a donkey’s liver and lungs.

Just you wait.

He would be there when he cried in the future.

Old Nie was looking forward to that day’s arrival. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“When that time came, Zhou Dongyang’s expression would definitely be very interesting. ”

...

“In the blink of an eye, the next day arrived. ”

“Zhou Zuolong had booked a flight at five o’clock, and he arrived at the airport at two o’clock in the morning. ”

“At five o’clock in the morning, Zhou Zuolong boarded the plane on time. ”

At ten o’clock.

The plane stopped at Beijing Airport.

“After getting off the plane, Zhou Zuolong rushed to the hospital as soon as possible. ”

“Knowing that Zhou Zuolong would be coming today, Xie Wanqiu deliberately did not sleep the whole night last night. At this moment, she looked very haggard. ”

“In the ward, Xie wanqiu told Zheng wanyin, “When your grandfather comes later, you know what to say, right?” ”

“Zheng Wanyin nodded. “Don’t worry, Grandma. I know.” ”

“That’s good.”

“At that moment, there was an urgent knock on the door. ”

It was as if the door was about to be smashed.

“Zheng Wanyin quickly covered Xie wanqiu with her blanket. “Grandma, please lie down. Grandpa must be here. I’ll go open the door.” ”

“Okay.”Xie wanqiu nodded.

Zheng Wanyin took out the makeup mirror from her pocket. She looked at her red-eyed self in the mirror before walking over to open the door.

Creak.

The door opened.

An old man in his seventies with white hair stood outside the door.

“”Grandpa!”When Zheng Wanyin saw who it was, she hugged him and cried out in grievance. ”

“”Yinyin, it’s okay. Grandpa is here.”Zhou Zuolong felt sorry for Zheng Wanyin when he saw her crying like that. ”

“After all, Zheng Wanyin was the child he raised by himself. ”

He was even closer to Zheng Wanyin than his own granddaughter.

“With Zhou Zuolong’s consolation, not only did Zheng Wanyin not stop crying, she cried even more heavily. ”

Zhou Zuolong’s eyes also turned red.

“Zheng Wanyin was not a child who liked to cry. She must have suffered a great grievance to cry like this. Otherwise, Zheng Wanyin would not be like this. ”

“”Good child, don’t worry. I came here this time to seek justice for you! Don’t Cry now. Where’s your grandmother?” ”

Zheng Wanyin sniffed. “Inside.”

Zhou Zuolong hastened his footsteps and walked inside.

Xie Wanqiu was lying on the bed. Her face was pale and she looked very weak.

“”Wanqiu.”Zhou zuolong pounced over and knelt in front of the bed. He held Xie Wanqiu’s hand. “WANQIU, are you alright? Wanqiu, I won’t allow you to leave me alone!” ”

“Xie wanqiu, who was on the hospital bed, did not respond. ”

Zhou Zuolong raised his head to look at Zheng Wanyin. “What’s going on with your grandmother?”

“Zheng wanyin said, “The doctor said that Grandma’s momentary coma was caused by her anxiety. Don’t worry, Grandma will be fine.” ”

Not worried?

How could Zhou Zuolong not be worried?

“Xie wanying had followed him when she was 30 years old. All these years, she had sacrificed her youth for the Zhou family. After so many years of suffering, she finally reached the age where she could enjoy life. Yet, she was angered to such an extent by that unfilial daughter, Zhou Xiang! ”

“If not for Xie wanqiu back then, would there be the current Zhou Xiang? ”