Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1356: 280: How Shameless can a person be? 1

Translator: 549690339

Zhou Xiang was simply an ingrate.

Zhou Zuolong wished he could slap Zhou Xiang to death right now.

“At this moment, Xie Wanqiu slowly opened her eyes and looked at Zhou Zuolong in front of her. She said in disbelief, “Old, old, old man, is it, is it you?” ”

“”It’s me, it’s me!”Zhou Zuolong grabbed Xie Wanqiu’s hand and said in a stifled voice, “Wanqiu, I’m sorry, I’ve Made You Suffer.” ”

“Xie wanqiu smiled with tears in her eyes. “You Old Man, what nonsense are you talking about? ! I’m on my daughter’s side, how can I suffer? You too, why did you come all the way here? You’re just making trouble!”In front of Zhou Zuolong.., xie wanqiu had always been a good wife and mother. ” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Zhou Zuolong had never expected that Xie wanqiu would still defend Zhou Xiang at such a time.

She treated Zhou Xiang as her daughter.

But what about Zhou Xiang?

What did Zhou Xiang treat Xie wanqiu as?

“In Zhou Xiang’s eyes, Xie Wanqiu was not even as good as Old Lady Cen’s mother-in-law. ”

“As long as Zhou Xiang had the slightest bit of respect for Xie wanqiu, he would not have angered Xie wanqiu to this extent. ”

“It was all because he had not taught Zhou Xiang well. It was because he, as a father, had not fulfilled his responsibility as a father. ”

“Zhou Zuolong was very guilty. He continued, “Wanqiu, don’t worry. I will definitely teach that unfilial daughter of Zhou Xiang a good lesson and seek justice for all of you.” ”

“”There’s no need.”Xie wanqiu grabbed Zhou Zuolong’s hand, “Old Man, this stepmother has always been difficult to deal with. Now that things have turned out this way, I’m already very remorseful. If you go and cause trouble for Xiang Xiang again, how will others view me as a stepmother? How will they view you as their biological father? Forget about those who know. Those who don’t know will definitely say that with a stepmother, there will be a stepfather!” ”

“The more Xie Wanqiu said this, the more Zhou Zuolong felt uncomfortable. ”

She had thought of every aspect.

But she did not think of herself.

“As a husband, Zhou Zuolong could not stand his wife being wronged like this. ”

Xie wanqiu could see all the changes in Zhou Zuolong’s expression.

“This Zhou Zuolong was old, but he was still so stupid. His intelligence had not improved at all. ”

“As long as she used a little trick and said a few words, she would be led by her nose. ”

He was even more obedient than a dog!

“Xie wanqiu continued, “So, old man, let’s just forget about this matter! Xiangxiang is our daughter. As parents, why bother with their own children?” ”

“Zhou zuolong said angrily, “If you treat her as your daughter, she might not treat you as her mother!” ”

“”Forget it, forget it.”Xie wanqiu patted Zhou Zuolong’s hand gently. ”

“Zhou Zuolong could not help but cry out loud, he held Xie Wanqiu’s hand and said, “Wanqiu, I’ve let you down! I didn’t let you enjoy life when you were young, but when you’re old, I still have to let you suffer like this.”Zhou Zuolong felt that he had let Xie wanqiu down very much, all these years, Xie Wanqiu had suffered a lot for herself and for this family, but he had not let Xie wanqiu live a good life. ”

“Not only did he not let her live a good life, but he had also caused her to lose her only daughter. ”

“Every time he thought of this, Zhou Zuolong’s heart was filled with guilt and discomfort. ”

He had let Xie wanqiu down!

“”I’m fine, I’m fine.”Xie wanqiu smiled and said, “I’m really fine!” ”

Zhou Zuolong hugged Xie Wanqiu and burst into tears.

“Xie wanqiu continued, “Old man, you’re already so old. Why Do you cry when something happens to you?” ”

“”I just feel that I’ve let you down.”Zhou Zuolong wiped his tears, then, he said, “WANQIU, no matter what you say this time, I have to find that rebellious girl and reason with her! I must make her apologize to you! Otherwise, I’m not her father!” ”

“Xie wanqiu narrowed her eyes. “Old Man, if you really want to do something for me, then I really have something to ask of you.” ”

“”Speak.”Zhou zuolong continued, “Between us husband and wife, there’s no need to say the word ‘beg’!” ”

“Xie wanqiu said, “Look, in the blink of an eye, yinyin is already so old. Do you still remember the year Yinyin was born? I asked someone to read Yinyin’s fortune. The master said that Yinyin was born with a Phoenix’s life?” ”

“”Yes, of course I remember.”Zhou Zuolong nodded. At that time, he had been happy for a long time because of this matter! ”

“Xie wanqiu continued, “Actually, the main reason I brought yinyin to the capital was to find a marriage for her. Yinyin is a child who doesn’t have any schemes. She doesn’t even know that she’s been bullied, and she even speaks foolishly for others... “I’m really afraid that when I close my eyes, they’ll bully my yinyin “In this world, the ones I can’t rest assured about are you and yinyin!” ”