Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

“Chapter 1361: 281: if she were to be exposed, Xie Wanqiu’s face would turn pale! 1”

Translator: 549690339

“In Zhou Zuolong’s opinion, Zheng Wanyin’s marriage to the Cen family was a marriage of convenience. ”

Although the CEN family was a high-class family.

“However, their hometown was thousands of miles away from the capital. How many elders wished for their granddaughter to marry far away? ”

“Moreover, Zheng Wanyin did not have a mother since she was young. She did not even have anyone to accompany her when she married far away to the capital. ”

“”The hearts of all parents are pitiful.”Zhou Zuolong sighed, he continued, “As parents, we really can’t bear to see our own children being deceived, so we can only bear with the pain and let yinyin marry over from afar. Yinyin is so outstanding. After she marries over, she will definitely be able to carry forward the CEN family with Shaoqing. Oh, Xiang! “For the rest of your life, just wait for Yinyin’s good fortune!” ”

Zheng Wanyin had always been number one in her school since she was young. She was an outstanding student and received all sorts of awards.

“Moreover, the fortune teller also said that Zheng Wanyin was a Phoenix’s life. In ancient times, she was the existence of an empress! ”

What was an empress?

The mother of a nation!

“Now, Zheng Wanyin marrying Cen Shaoqing was simply Cen Shaoqing and the Cen family’s good fortune. ”

How could an ordinary family marry such an outstanding daughter-in-law like Zheng Wanyin?

It was simply a dream!

“As the words left his mouth, zhou zuolong continued, “Xiang Xiang, you are yinyin’s second aunt. Since Wanyin is married here, you are yinyin’s mother-in-law. You must treat yinyin well in the future. You must not let yinyin suffer! If you dare to let yinyin suffer, I will not let you off!” ”

Zhou Xiang was stunned. She did not expect Zhou Zuolong to say such a thing.

Let Zheng Wanyin marry Cen Shaoqing?

Was Zhou Zuolong joking with her?

But joking was not like that. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Just when Zhou Xiang was slightly stunned, Zhou zuolong continued, “Xiangxiang, did you hear what I Said?” ”

“”Dad, are you joking with me?”Zhou Xiang raised her head and looked at Zhou Zuolong. ”

“”Who’s joking with you? I’m very serious now. Actually, I’m also reluctant to part with yinyin, but your mother has already made up her mind! Xiangxiang, your mother has poured her heart and soul into you. No matter what, she always puts you first. Even her biological mother can’t do what she did! If it wasn’t for her this time, you would have been deceived by Ye Zhuo! You have to thank your mother properly? You have to apologize to her properly. You Can’t do this in the future! “...” ”

Seriously!

Zhou Zuolong was actually serious!

“Zhou Xiang swallowed her throat, then, she said, “Dad, you have really misunderstood searing. She is not the kind of person you think she is. She is not here for anything in the Cen family. In terms of financial resources, her personal wealth is definitely not lower than Shaoqing’s. In terms of family background, she’s the eldest daughter of the Lin Family! She’s the chief of the Shunxi Financial Group in the financial world! In terms of talent, she’s the night doctor who cured cancer in the medical world. In terms of looks, she’s number one, and no one dares to stand in front of her and claim that she’s number one. She’s with Shaoqing, and it’s completely Shaoqing’s fortune. He wants to dump her and not Shaoqing!” ”

“In Zhou Xiang’s eyes, Ye Zao was the most outstanding person in the world. ”

She would not allow anyone to slander ye Zhuo.

Not even if this person was her father!

Miracle Doctor Ye?

The Chief of the Shunxi Financial Group in the financial world?

Zhou Zuolong laughed in anger when he heard Zhou Xiang’s words.

Stupid!

This daughter of his was so stupid that it made one’s hair stand on end.

“How could he, Zhou Zuolong, who had been smart all his life, give birth to such an idiot? ”

“”Let me ask you, how old is Ye Zhuo this year?” ”

“Zhou Xiang said, “Twenty.” ”

“Has she graduated from university?”Zhou Zuolong immediately asked.

“No.”Zhou Xiang shook his head.

“Zhou zuolong said speechlessly, “A twenty-year-old who hasn’t even graduated from university. You said that she is Miracle Doctor Ye who cures cancer, the chief of the Shunxi Financial Group. Why didn’t you say that she is the Jade Emperor?” ”

It would be great if she said that she was the Jade Emperor. She would directly manage the entire human world!

“Zhou Xiang said, “Father, you have to believe me. Yaozao is really the Miracle Doctor Ye who cures cancer! It’s just that she keeps a low profile and is unwilling to reveal her identity.” ”

“”I think you are bewitched!”Zhou zuolong continued, “Don’t you know about the famous psi XI socialite who caused a commotion a while ago?” ”

“In Zhou Zuolong’s eyes, Ye Zhuo was the mass-produced fake pin-xi XI socialite. ”

The only difference between her and the pin-xi XI edition socialite was that she had the identity of the eldest daughter of the Lin family.

“Because she had the identity of the eldest daughter of the Lin family, she had bewitched everyone. As a result, Zhou Xiang and the old lady cen firmly believed whatever she said. ”

But Zhou Xiang did not use her brain to think. How Old Was Ye Zhuo?

Twenty years old!

“A girl who had not even graduated from university, what could she understand? ”