Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1364: Xie wanqiu’s face turned pale when she saw this

Translator: 549690339

“However, Cen Haifeng had seen through her in the end. She had no choice but to let Zhou Xiang marry into the Cen family. ”

“Her own sister had snatched her husband away. If it were anyone else, they would not be able to remain indifferent. ”

“In the ten years after Cen Haifeng and Zhou Xiang got married, Xie Ying did not get married. ”

She had been waiting for Cen Haifeng.

“She did not know what happened in between. Eleven years later, Xie Ying suddenly decided to get married. Unexpectedly, the next year, she died on the operating table because of an old woman giving birth. ”

“If Zhou Xiang had not snatched Cen Haifeng away, Xie Ying would not have married late. If Xie Ying had not married late, she would not have become an old woman giving birth. If Xie Ying had not become an old woman giving birth, she would not have had a difficult labor. If Xie Ying had not had a difficult labor, she would not have died on the operating table. ”

“Therefore, Zhou Zuolong had always felt very guilty about Xie Ying’s death. ”

“Every time he thought of Xie Ying, Zhou Zuolong would feel so uncomfortable that he could not breathe. ”

“Zhou Zuolong did not speak for a long time. Xie wanqiu continued, “Old Man, are you listening?” ”

“”Yes.”Only then did Zhou Zuolong react. “WANQIU, I am listening.” ”

“Xie wanqiu said, “Then you must remember what I Said and try to persuade Xiangxiang. However, you must not hurt the harmony. After all, Xiangxiang is our only daughter.” ”

“Xie Wanqiu’s words were sincere. If people who did not know about it heard her, they would really think that she was a good stepmother. ”

“”Yes, I know.”Zhou zuolong continued, “Wanqiu, don’t worry. With me around, I will definitely not let outsiders hurt Xiang Xiang.” ”

“”Okay. Xiang Xiang listens to you the most. With you around, I am much more at ease.” ”

“Hearing this, Zhou Zuolong felt a little suffocated. ”

Zhou Xiang listens to him the most?

“If Zhou Xiang really listened to him, she would not be in this state. ”

“”Alright, I Won’t talk to you anymore. The two of you only see each other once in a long time. Let’s have a good chat. I Won’t disturb you anymore.” ”

“Alright.”

“Xie wanqiu continued, “Then I’ll hang up first.” ”

“Just as she finished her sentence.., xie wanqiu added, “Old man, there are some things that you shouldn’t talk about. They say that good medicine tastes bitter, and good advice is harsh to the ear. If Xiangxiang really doesn’t listen to you, don’t force it. Let’s think of other ways to make peace count.” ”

Make Peace Count.

“Even at this time, Xie Wanqiu still wanted to make peace count. ”

What about Zhou Xiang?

Zhou Xiang had never stood on his father’s side.

“Zhou Zuolong suppressed the displeasure in his heart and tried his best not to change his voice. “Wanqiu, I know. Don’t worry.” ”

“”Then I’ll hang up first.”After saying that, Xie wanqiu hung up the phone. ”

Zhou Zuolong looked at the hanging phone and was silent for a while before walking to Zhou Xiang’s side. “Do you know who called you just now?”

Zhou Xiang shook her head.

“Your mother called.”Zhou Zuolong looked at Zhou Xiang with a meaningful look in his eyes. “Do you know what your mother told me?”

Zhou Xiang continued to shake her head.

“Zhou zuolong continued, “Your mother told me not to make things difficult for you and to advise you properly. As a mother, she can’t just watch her own daughter be deceived! Don’t look down on the Cen family’s great business. Everyone says that the family is like a needle picking soil, and squandering is like washing the waves and scouring the sand! Since ancient times, there have been many examples of women bringing disaster to the country? The king of Shang Zhou is not like Daji who will not fall, the king of Zhou You is not like Bao Si who will not appear and play with the feudal lords, and the Tang Xuanzong is not like Imperial Consort Yang who will not appear in the turmoil of an Shi! Therefore, do not underestimate a woman. Marry a good wife, not a disaster! And not a socialite who works on the eve of the Sunset!” ”

It was precisely because he married such a virtuous wife as Xie wanqiu that the Zhou family could be so prosperous.

“If not for Xie wanqiu, would Zhou Xiang have married so well? ”

“If not for Xie wanqiu, Zhou Xiang’s younger brother, Zhou Jinbei, could have become a wealthy businessman so early. ”

It was Xie Wanqiu who trained Zhou Jinbei’s independent ability.

“Zhou Jinbei left home at 16, became famous at 20, and appeared in the Shanghai City Financial News section at 25. ”

All of this was thanks to Xie wanqiu.

“If his first wife, Zhou Xiang and Zhou Jinbei’s biological mother were still around, the two siblings definitely wouldn’t have their current achievements. ”

“It was fine if Zhou Xiang didn’t know how to be grateful, but now she still had to be so angry at Xie Wanqiu. She was simply a heartless white sheep wolf. ” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Calling her an ungrateful wolf was an insult to the term ungrateful wolf!

“Zhou Xiang was already quite angry to begin with, so when she heard this, she became even angrier. ”

“”Father, what are you talking about! Zhuozhuo is not Su Daji, nor is she bao si, nor is she imperial consort Yang! She is Ye Zhuozhuo!”Zhou Xiang almost could not control her emotions, “Please don’t say Zhuozhuo like that anymore! Otherwise...” ”