Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

“Chapter 1365: 281: Face to face, Xie Wanqiu’s face turned pale! 5”

Translator: 549690339 Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“”Or else what?”Zhou Zuolong interrupted Zhou Xiang’s unfinished words and said angrily, “Do you still want to turn hostile and not acknowledge me? !””

“Zhou Xiang said, “Dad, I didn’t mean that!””

“”A son is an enemy and a daughter is a debt. Everything I did today was for your own good.”Speaking up to this point, Zhou Zuolong sighed, then he said, “If your mother wasn’t worried about you, do you think I would meddle in your business? In the end, doesn’t your mother still care about you?””

Care?

“Zhou Zuolong said it nicely, but it was not because he wanted Zheng Wanyin to marry into the family!”

Zhou Xiang had always thought that Zheng Wanyin was a good child who kept to her duties and knew when to advance or retreat.

Who knew that she actually hid such an unspeakable thought.

“As expected, Old Lady Cen was a good judge of character. She could tell at a glance that Zheng Wanyin was not a good girl.”

How could a good girl think about a man who had a girlfriend?

“She did not dare to expose this layer of window paper, so she let the two old men come. For a moment, Zhou Xiang had no good impression of Zheng Wanyin at all.”

“”Dad, I thank you on behalf of Shaoqing for your concern. I have accepted your kind intentions, but things are really not as you think. Zhuozhuo is a good girl. No one can replace her position in my heart or in Shaoqing’s heart.””

“Zhou Zuolong was about to cry from Zhou Xiang’s stupidity. “A good girl, a good girl can pretend to be a miracle doctor who cured cancer? A good girl can pretend to be the chief of the Shunxi Financial Group?””

“Let alone curing cancer, even a person like ye Zhuluo would not be able to treat a common cold well.”

“Every time Zhou Xiang said this, Zhou Zuolong wanted to laugh.”

“He could not believe that Zhou Xiang, who had received higher education, would actually say such a thing.”

“”That’s right. Although Zhuo Zhuo is young, does being young necessarily mean that she is incapable?”Zhou xiang continued, “Dad, the world is so big. You really should go and take a look. There are many outstanding people in this world! Age is just a number. It doesn’t mean anything!””

“Although Zhou Xiang did not mention ye Zhuo at all, Zhou Zuolong could hear the hidden meaning behind these words.”

“Zhou zuolong continued, “Do you think that yinyin can’t be compared to ye Zao?””

“”Dad, it’s not that I think that, but the truth is like this,”Zhou Xiang continued, “Dad, you have to accept the reality. I can understand your feelings. After all, you raised Wanyin by yourself, but you can’t deny the excellence of others just because of this!””

Excellence?

Just ye Zao?

“Ye Zhuo, who was a famous socialite, could also be called excellence?”

There was no comparison between Ye Zhuo and Zheng Wan Yin.

Zheng Wan Yin was the bright white moon in the sky.

Ye Zhuo?

Ye Zhuo could not even compare to the mud on the ground.

“”Zhou Xiang, you’re really too heartless! Your mother has been speaking up for you up until now. She was afraid that I would make things difficult for you, so she told me over and over again to talk to you properly and make money out of kindness! “For you, she was even willing to marry yinyin to the capital! “Do you really think that we can bear to part with Yinyin?””

“At this point.., zhou zuolong said bitterly, “But what about you! Think about it yourself. What have you done? Are you worthy of your mother? Are you worthy of me? “Zhou Xiang, before you do these things, you’d better think about how you got your position as the Cen family’s Madam! If it wasn’t for your big sister, do you think you could have married Cen Haifeng? Everything you enjoyed today was given to you by your big sister! You owe your big sister a Life!””

Owe Xie Ying a life?

“Hearing this, Zhou Xiang’s eyes were filled with disbelief, “Dad! What are you talking about! What do you mean I Owe Xie Ying a life? I don’t want to fuss about that incident more than 20 years ago. After all, the dead are the most important, but you can’t reverse the truth, right! “I was the one who knew Hai Feng first, and I was the one who married Hai Feng. Xie Ying wanted to interfere, but she didn’t succeed, so it became my fault?””

“Speaking of which, Xie Ying was also ambitious.”

“In order to marry Cen Haifeng, she had waited for more than ten years.”

“Unfortunately, Cen Haifeng didn’t give Xie Ying any chance at all. Maybe he felt that he couldn’t wait for the result, so Xie Ying married someone.”

Zhou Xiang could have let Xie Ying off the hook for all of this.

“But today, Zhou Zuolong actually reversed the truth.”

“Now that he thought about it, the mother and daughter were really the same kind of people.”

They both wanted to be a mistress and poach someone else.

“”If it wasn’t your fault, whose fault was it? If you had given Haifeng to Ying ‘er back then, wouldn’t these things have not happened!”Zhou zuolong continued, “Ying ‘ER is the elder sister, and you are the younger sister. As the younger sister, isn’t it only right for the elder sister to accept him?””