Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

“Chapter 1366: 281: if she were to be smashed in the face, Xie Wanqiu’s face would turn pale! 6”

Translator: 549690339

Zhou Xiang almost lost his balance.

He felt so uncomfortable that he could hardly breathe.

“Zhou zuolong continued, “I’ve already said this much. I’ll give you three days. Three days later, I hope Shaoqing can break up with Ye Zhuo and announce his engagement to yinyin.” ”

“Saying this, Zhou Zuolong turned around and left. ”

“Dad!”Zhou Xiang chased after him.

Zhou Zuolong completely ignored Zhou Xiang.

“Old Mrs. Cen was sitting in the living room. When she saw the two of them walk out one after the other, she stood up in confusion. “Xiang Xiang!” ”

“Zhou Xiang said, “Mom, I’ll go see my dad off.” ”

“Okay.”Old Mrs. Cen nodded.

“Dad!”Zhou Xiang chased after Zhou Zuolong and ran out the door.

“Zhou Zuolong turned to look at Zhou Xiang. “I’ve said it very clearly. You only have three days. Think about it carefully. After three days, you’ll have to bear the consequences! Xiang Xiang, you should know very well who I am.” ”

“After saying that, Zhou Zuolong opened the backseat door and sat inside. ”

“Seeing the car disappear into the night, Zhou Xiang was extremely anxious. ”

“When Zhou Xiang returned to the living room, it was already ten minutes later. ”

“Old Mrs. Cen looked at Zhou Xiang. “Xiang Xiang, what did your father say to you? Did he make things difficult for you?” ”

“Zhou Xiang knew old Mrs. Cen’s personality the best. If Old Mrs. Cen knew about this, old Mrs. Cen would probably chase Zhou Zuolong and Xie Wanqiu and scold them for a few streets. ”

Peace was the most important thing in everything.

“Therefore, old Mrs. Cen must not find out about this. ”

She had to think of a way to solve this herself.

“Zhou Xiang said, “It’s nothing, Mom. Don’t worry. Although my dad is a little unreasonable, I’m his daughter after all. He won’t make things difficult for me. Don’t worry.” ”

Old Mrs. Cen felt that something was wrong with Zhou Xiang. “He really didn’t make things difficult for you?”

“Really!”Zhou Xiang nodded.

“Seeing that Zhou Xiang refused to tell the truth, old Mrs. Cen felt a little regretful. She should have leaned against the window to listen. ” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Although leaning against the window was not the work of a gentleman.

But she was not a gentleman.

She was just an old woman.

“Old Mrs. Cen continued, “Xiang Xiang, you are now the daughter-in-law of our Cen family. So, don’t be afraid to say whatever you have to say. If they dare to bully you, I will support you!” ”

“After saying that, old Mrs. Cen continued, “Moreover, Xiangxiang, didn’t You Promise Me? From now on, you have to stand up straight and fight them to the end. It has only been a few days, and you have already forgotten about this matter?” ”

“Zhou Xiang was very conflicted. She wanted to tell old Mrs. Cen about this matter, but she was afraid that old Mrs. Cen would make things worse. ”

Forget it.

It was better for her to think of a way to resolve it!

“Zhou xiang smiled and said, “Mom, I’ve always taken what you said to heart. My dad really didn’t make things difficult for me.” ”

“Old Mrs. Cen Glanced at Zhou Xiang. “Xiang Xiang, although we are mother-in-law and daughter-in-law, we are like mother and daughter. So, if there’s anything, you must tell me. Don’t bear it by yourself.” ”

“”Yes, I know.”Zhou Xiang nodded. ”

On the other side.

At the hospital.

“Wu Youyu was sitting on the sofa, hugging Xie wanqiu. “Wanqiu, you said Zhou Zuolong.” ”

“Xie wanqiu shook her head. “It’s hard to say. Although Zhou Xiang is a soft-hearted person, that old woman from the Cen family is not someone to be trifled with!” ”

“Glancing at the clock on the wall, Xie wanqiu continued, “It’s getting late. You should go back quickly! Zhou Zuolong should be back soon.” ”

“Not so fast.”Ninja Wu Youyu gave Xie wanqiu a disgusted kiss on the face.

“At this moment, the sound of the door being turned came from outside ”

Someone was opening the door!

Xie wanqiu’s face turned pale. Could it be that Zhou Zuolong had returned?

What should she do?