Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1371: 281: a slap in the face! 5

Translator: 549690339

“The more generous Xie Wanqiu was, the more uncomfortable Zhou Zuolong felt. ”

“Xie wanqiu had contributed to this family for so many years. If it weren’t for her, Zhou Xiang wouldn’t be here. She shouldn’t have suffered such grievances. ”

On the other side.

“Wu Youyu returned to the hotel in a very sorry state. Seeing her like this, Zhang Qingqing asked curiously, “What’s Wrong?” ”

“Although the two of them were in a committed relationship, Wu Youyu poured his heart and soul into Zhang Qingqing. He even wanted to marry Zhang Qingqing and have a child with her. Therefore, Wu Youyu told Zhang Qingqing everything without hiding anything. ”

“Hearing that, Zhang Qingqing smiled and said, “Look at you! What are you afraid of? If I Were you, I wouldn’t be afraid. Zheng Wanyin is your biological granddaughter after all. Don’t tell me she will still stand on Zhou Zuolong’s side?” ”

“”So, Yinyin saw me?”Wu Youyu asked. ”

Zhang Qingqing nodded. “Unless Zheng Wanyin is blind.”

Wu Youyu narrowed his eyes and did not say anything.

“Zhang Qingqing continued, “Old Wu, if I Were you, I would definitely not hide with Xie wanqiu. I want to walk openly to Xie Wanqiu’s side. Hiding is not a long-term solution. Who knows when Zhou Zuolong will die?” ”

“Aboveboard? How aboveboard?”Wu Youyu looked at Zhang Qingqing.

Zhang Qingqing leaned into Wu Youyu’s ear and whispered something.

“Wu Youyu’s eyes grew brighter and brighter when he heard that. In the end, Wu Youyu hugged Zhang Qingqing and kissed her hard. “My Little Darling, I really love you to death.” ”

“Zhang Qingqing was disgusted by Wu Youyu, just like how Wu Youyu was disgusted by Xie wanqiu. ”

“After all, which young and beautiful woman would like an old man with wrinkles all over his face? ”

“But even if she didn’t like him, she could only endure it. ”

“Wu Youyu could give her 100,000 yuan of pocket money in a month, not to mention the money to buy bags and clothes. How could someone her age give her such money? ”

“In a moment, Wu Youyu let go of Zhang Qingqing, took out his phone, and called Xie Wanqiu. ”

“Xie wanqiu frowned. “Brother youyu, is this really okay?” ”

“”Don’t worry, it’s definitely okay. Zhou Zuolong is just an idiot.”After saying that, Wu youyu continued, “Wanqiu, we’ve been sneaking around all our lives. Don’t you want to do it openly for once?” ”

These words made Xie wanqiu very moved.

“If it could be done openly, who would be willing to sneak around? ”

“Wu youyu added, “Also, yinyin might already know about us.” ”

Zheng Wanyin already knew?

Xie wanqiu’s face turned pale. “Are you sure?”

Xie wanqiu had watched Zheng Wanyin grow up. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“She knew that Zheng Wanyin and Zhou Zuolong had a very good relationship. If Zheng Wanyin really knew about this, then Zheng Wanyin would most likely expose it to Zhou Zuolong. ”

“”Yes, I’m sure.”Wu youyu continued, “Yesterday, when yinyin squatted down to pick up the vase, she looked at me. She’s a smart child. There are some things that she can guess even if we don’t tell her.” ”

“Hearing this, Xie wanqiu’s face turned even paler. She continued to voice out her worries. ”

“Wu youyu said, “Wanqiu, no matter how good the relationship between yinyin and Zhou Zuolong is, it can’t be compared to ours. Blood is thicker than water. We Are Yinyin’s biological grandparents.” ”

“At this point, Wu youyu paused and continued, “If Yinyin really wanted to expose it, she wouldn’t have waited until now. So, you don’t have to worry about these things that won’t happen.” ”

“In the Zhou family, only Xie Wanqiu and Zheng Wanyin were related by blood. If anything happened to Xie wanqiu, Zheng Wanyin wouldn’t have a good life either. ”

Zheng Wanyin was not a fool. She would do such a stupid thing.

“Hearing this, Xie wanqiu heaved a sigh of relief. ”

What Wu Youyu said made sense.

“”WANQIU, remember to cooperate with me tomorrow.” ”

“Got it.”

“In the blink of an eye, the next day arrived. ”

“Early in the morning, Wu Youyu brought a fruit basket to Xie Wanqiu’s ward. ”

The person who opened the door was Zhou Zuolong.

“He saw Wu Youyu. Zhou zuolong asked doubtfully, “May I ask who you are?” ”

“Wu youyu continued, “I am Wanqiu’s good friend, Wu Youyu, who grew up together with her. You Are Wanqiu’s lover, right?” ”

“Zhou Zuolong nodded and said with a smile, “Oh! You are that Big Brother Wu who saved Wanqiu when she was young, right?” ”

“Wu Youyu was a little surprised and said, “Wanqiu told you about me?” ”

“”Yes,”Zhou Zuolong continued, “Big Brother Wu, you saved Wanqiu. You’re WANQIU’s Savior, and you’re also my Savior. Come, quickly come in.” ”