Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1380: 283: the burning is out! 4 Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Translator: 549690339

Zhou Jinbei took out an envelope from his pocket. “This is the evidence.”

Zhou Xiang took the envelope and took out a photo. On the photo was a piece of yellowed letter paper. The letter paper was obviously soaked in water. The handwriting was blurred and nothing could be seen.

“What is this?”Zhou Xiang asked curiously.

“Zhou Jinbei said, “This is the suicide note our mother left behind.” ”

“Suicide note?”

Zhou Jinbei nodded.

Zhou Xiang frowned. “But I can’t see anything on it.”

“Speaking of this, Zhou Jinbei was also frowning, “The suicide note was soaked in water, so the handwriting can’t be seen clearly. I’ve looked for many experts to repair the letter, but there’s no result. But I believe that the reason why mother was lying on the train must be clearly written on the suicide note.” ”

This will was found by Zhou Jinbei unintentionally among Wu Lan’s belongings.

“Perhaps Zhou Zuolong didn’t expect Wu Lan to leave a will, so he casually put Wu Lan’s belongings aside. ”

“Unfortunately, when Zhou Jinbei found the will, the will was already soaked in water. ”

“Although the young Zhou Jinbei couldn’t see the words on the will clearly, he subconsciously felt that this will was definitely not simple, so he left it until now. ”

“All these years, Zhou Jinbei had been searching for people who could repair the suicide note. ”

“Therefore, he had flown to several countries, but the answer he received was the same. Currently, there was this technology. ”

“Currently, the original suicide note was in the hands of an expert, and the expert was looking for a way to crack it. ”

“Zhou Xiang put down the suicide note, “Jinbei, I know that you have been brooding over mom’s death, but things have already happened. We living people can only look forward! “You can’t rely on a suicide note that can’t be read to conclude that dad and the others had something to do with Mom’s death. It’s not fair to them.” ”

“Before the suicide note was restored, all of this was just Zhou Jinbei’s speculation. ”

Zhou Xiang was a very cautious person.

“As the saying goes, good words warm the heart for three winters, and malicious words hurt the heart for six months. ”

“She didn’t want to misunderstand Xie Wanqiu and Zhou Zuolong because of a suicide note that couldn’t be seen, resulting in an irreparable situation. ”

“Zhou Jinbei sighed. “SIS, you’re still the same. Our mother is the same as you. She Won’t turn back until she hits a wall.” ”

“So many years had passed, but Zhou Xiang had not changed at all. ”

“Fortunately, Cen Shaoqing did not follow Zhou Xiang’s personality. ”

“No matter what Zhou Xiang said now, she would not believe it. ”

The only way was to fix the suicide note.

“Zhou Xiang reached out and patted Zhou Jinbei’s hand. “Jinbei, you’re too stubborn. Actually, it’s better to live a simpler life.” ”

“Zhou Jinbei thought too much. Moreover, it was easy to get stuck in a dead end. ”

“After saying that, Zhou Xiang continued, “If you have time, go and visit mom and Dad! The old couple also misses you. After all, you’re their only son.” ”

“Zhou Jinbei said, “Sis, you can’t be careless. Before Mom’s will is restored, don’t get too close to them! Also, what’s wrong with your face? Why did Zhou Zuolong hit you?” ”

“Zhou xiang smiled and said, “Didn’t I tell you? I made dad angry. It’s nothing. It’ll be fine in a while.” ”

Zhou Jinbei sighed.

“”Jinbei, you don’t have to worry about me.”Zhou xiang continued, “It’s getting late. Let’s go back first. You haven’t met Shaoqing’s girlfriend, right? Shaoqing will bring her back tonight.” ”

“”Really?”Hearing this, Zhou Jinbei’s face was full of smiles. ”

It was really not easy to see Cen Shaoqing fall in love and find a girlfriend in his lifetime!

Zhou Jinbei thought that his nephew was really going to become a monk.

“Yes.”Zhou Xiang nodded.

“Zhou jinbei smiled and said, “Why didn’t you say so earlier? I also brought a gift for my nephew’s wife.” ”

Zhou Xiang stood up from her chair. “We’re all on the same side. There’s no need to be so polite.”

“As the siblings spoke, they walked out of the coffee shop. ”

In the car.

Zhou Jinbei received a call.

“When he saw the caller ID, Zhou Jinbei was very excited. “Hello, Old Zhang! Is there any news from Dr. William?” ”

Old Zhang and Zhou Jinbei were friends. Dr. William was a computer expert from C country that old Zhang had introduced to Zhou Jinbei.

C country was a big country in science and technology.

“Therefore, Zhou Jinbei was full of confidence in Dr. William. ”

“Old Zhang smiled and said, “That’s right. Dr. William said that he found a way to repair the suicide note.” ”

“Really?”The Joy on Zhou Jinbei’s face was almost overflowing.