Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1397: 291: what has become of you (fourth watch)1

Translator: 549690339

Not Good?

What is not good?

“Since Zhou Jinbei did not take him but his father, why should he give face to Zhou Jinbei? ”

“As long as Zhou Jinbei dared to do the first day of junior high, he would dare to do the fifteenth! ”

Moreover.

“With his temper towards Zhou Jinbei, Zhou Jinbei might not dare to follow or not come to see him. ”

Zhou Jinbei and Zhou Xiang were siblings.

“If Zhou Jinbei dared to sever ties with him, he would have done so long ago. Why would he wait until now? ”

“To put it bluntly, Zhou Jinbei was still afraid of him. ”

He was afraid that he would make a big deal out of this matter.

“Not showing filial piety to an elderly person, to the point that his parents would ignore him in the hospital, such news was not good news. ”

“Zhou Zuolong turned to look at Zheng Wanyin. “Yinyin, don’t worry. That unfilial son would not dare not come and visit me.” ”

“Zheng wanyin nodded and continued, “What do you want to eat with Grandma Tonight? I’ll go buy it.” ”

“”Anything is fine. You can buy whatever you want,”Zhou Zuolong said. ”

“”Alright, I’ll go first then.” ”

Zhou Zuolong nodded.

Zheng Wanyin went out to buy something.

“Just as she opened the door, she saw Xie wanqiu walk out. ”

“Grandma.”

“Xie wanqiu nodded. “Yinyin, you want to buy food outside?” ”

“Yes.”

“After saying that, Zheng Wanyin returned. “Grandma.” ”

“What’s Wrong?”Xie wanqiu stopped in her tracks.

“Zheng wanyin said, “Grandma, Will the old lady of the Cen family really come to pick me up?”Zheng Wanyin was very worried about this. ”

Old Lady Cen was a shrewd person and was not someone who would compromise easily.

It was almost impossible for her to come to the hospital! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“However, if Old Lady Cen did not come to the hospital to pick her up, wouldn’t her dream of joining the Cen family and becoming the young mistress of the Cen family be shattered? ”

No.

She absolutely could not allow such a thing to happen.

“Xie wanqiu smiled and said, “Don’t worry. Unless Zhou Xiang dares to sever ties with your grandfather, otherwise, that damned old woman of the Cen family will have to obediently come to the hospital to pick you up.” ”

“But what if she doesn’t come?”Zheng Wanyin asked.

“”She won’t,”Xie wanqiu said, “She will definitely come! You didn’t see Zhou Xiang seeing your grandfather, it’s like a mouse seeing a mouse! Didn’t she not agree with you and the young minister previously? Now, didn’t she agree obediently? !” ”

“After saying that, Xie wanqiu continued, “Your grandfather is right. We Can’t let you be taken back by Zhou Xiang just like that. People will say that you’re a pervert!” ”

A pervert?

Zheng Wanyin’s expression changed.

“Actually, as long as she could marry Cen Shaoqing, it didn’t matter if she was a pervert. She wasn’t the kind of person who cared about what others said. ”

“If she had the guts, she would make them marry Cen Shaoqing as well! ”

“She did not have the ability, yet she still wanted to gossip about others. ”

How could there be such a shameless person in the world.

“Moreover, wasn’t ye Zhuo also falling for Cen Shaoqing when he was together? ”

“In order to not let others gossip, ye Zhuo actually made up so many fake identities. ”

He was Miracle Doctor Ye and also the chief of the Shunxi Financial Group.

She wanted to marry Cen Shaoqing with her own strength. She did not need to make up so many fake identities like ye Zhuo did.

So fake that she did not even know who she was.

“She could see what Zheng Wanyin was thinking, xie wanqiu continued, “Yinyin, a girl’s reputation is the most important thing. You are my granddaughter. I Can’t let outsiders talk about you like that! Besides, you are so outstanding. How can you not be worthy of Cen Shaoqing? If you want to say that you are worthy of Cen Shaoqing, it should be Cen Shaoqing who is worthy of you!” ”

“Hearing this, Zheng Wanyin felt that Xie wanqiu was quite right. ”

“She was so outstanding, could it be that she couldn’t be compared to that dummy ye Zhuo? ”

“Even ye Zhuo could be together with Cen Shaoqing, so why couldn’t she? ”

“”Grandma, I understand what you mean,”Zheng Wanyin said. ”

“Xie wanqiu smiled and said, “Yinyin, it’s good that you can understand Grandma’s painstaking efforts. “Now, you just need to stay at the hospital and wait for that old woman from the Cen family to come and pick you up! “Let me tell you, when the time comes, you have to put on your airs. You Can’t just leave like that. You have to let that damn old woman from the Cen family know that you are a person of status!” ”

“”Yes.”Zheng Wanyin nodded. “Grandma, I understand.” ”

“Xie wanqiu nodded in satisfaction. “Yinyin, Grandma will rely on you for the rest of her life. Once you marry Cen Shaoqing, the Cen family will belong to us in the future. How Will Bai Tang have the right to speak?”As for Zhou Xiang.., with that soft-hearted Zhou Xiang, he would not be able to achieve anything Big! ”

“When Zheng Wanyin marries Cen Shaoqing, the person in charge of the Cen family would still not be Zheng Wanyin. ”

“And Zheng Wanyin would listen to her the most. In this way, the person in charge of the Cen family would become her! ”

“Whenever she thought of Zheng Wanyin marrying Cen Shaoqing, Xie Wanqiu’s heart was filled with a sense of glory. ”

Wasn’t Bai Tang proud in front of her?

“Once Zheng Wanyin married Cen Shaoqing, she saw what Bai Tang had to be proud of. ”

“When the time came, she would have plenty of ways to treat Bai Tang. ”

“Zheng wanyin continued, “Then I’ll go shopping first.” ”

“Go ahead.”Xie wanqiu nodded.

“Seeing that Zheng Wanyin had left her sight, Xie Wanqiu did not immediately return to the ward. Instead, she went to the bathroom next door and called Wu Youyu. ”

“Zhou Xiang compromised. It was a big deal that Zheng Wanyin could marry into the Cen family. As her grandfather, Wu Youyu naturally had to know about it immediately. ”

...

“On the other side, when Wu Youyu heard the news, he was so excited that he hugged Zhang Qingqing and kissed her passionately. ”

“Zhang Qingqing asked doubtfully, “What’s wrong? What happened that made you happy?” ”

“”Just now, that old woman Xie wanqiu called me. Wanyin can marry into the Cen family soon!”Wu youyu continued, “I’m Wanyin’s biological grandfather. If wanyin marries Cen Shaoqing, then I’ll be Cen Shaoqing’s grandfather. When that time comes, won’t I be the Cen family’s great-grandfather?” ”

“Zheng Wanyin did not have parents. He was Zheng Wanyin’s biological grandfather, so he would naturally be Cen Shaoqing’s biological grandfather. At that time, wouldn’t he be the Cen family’s great-grandfather? ”

“The more Wu Youyu thought about it, the more excited he became. ”

“Zhang Qingqing narrowed her eyes. “But I heard that the CEN family has an old lady.”Although Zhang Qingqing was Wu Youyu’s mistress, she had a brain. She felt that this matter was not that simple. ”

“If the Cen family’s old lady did not have some ability, how could she prop up the Cen Family? Wu Youyu seemed to think that the matter was too simple. ”

“Wu youyu said disdainfully, “That damn old lady is almost ninety years old this year. How many years do you think she can live?” ”

An old man would leave just like that.

“Moreover, the Cen family’s old lady was already over ninety years old. ”

She might die tomorrow.

“”That’s true. After all, no one knows who will come first,”Zhang Qingqing continued, “What about Zhou Zuolong? After all, Zhou Zuolong is the rightful grandfather of Cen Shaoqing!” ”

“As long as Zhou Zuolong was around, it would not be so easy for Wu Youyu to rise to the top. ”

“Zhou Zuolong? Zhou Zuolong is now calling me brother. What can that idiot achieve!”Wu Youyu had never taken Zhou Zuolong seriously.

“As long as Zhou Zuolong was a little smarter, he would not have been deceived by Xie wanqiu for so many years. ”

A person like Zhou Zuolong was not worthy to be his opponent.

“Zhang Qingqing smiled and said, “Then I’ll congratulate you in advance.” ”

“Wu Youyu kissed Zhang Qingqing’s face again. “Little Darling, don’t worry. When I become the old master of the Cen family, there will naturally be benefits for you.” ”

Benefits?

“Really?”Zhang Qingqing twirled her hair.

“”Aiyo, Little Darling, when has Big Brother Ever Lied to You?”Wu Youyu hugged Zhang Qingqing tightly. ”

Big Brother?

“Wu Youyu was already old enough to be her grandfather, yet he still called himself Big Brother! ”

It was really too disgusting.

“Zhang Qingqing was about to vomit from hearing it, but her face was still full of smiles, pretending to love Wu Youyu very much. ”

It was really too difficult to be someone else’s mistress. She did not know when she would be able to find a rich man and become a real rich lady.

She had really had enough of this kind of life.

“After thinking about it, Zhang Qing Qing climbed onto Wu Youyu’s neck and endured the churning feeling in her stomach. “Brother, I’ve been interested in a bag recently.” ”

“What Bag?”Wu Youyu did not dare to directly say that he wanted to buy it.

“After all, some bags were even more expensive than a house. ”

Zhang Qing Qing took out her phone. “This is it.”

Wu Youyu took the phone. On it was a bucket-like hand lift that was worth six figures.

“188,000 yuan! ”

“Didn’t I already buy you a bag before?”

“Zhang Qing Qing said, “That bag is already outdated. This is their new model. Brother, just buy it for me!”! You are about to become the old master of the Cen family. The Cen family is a big family. Do you still care about such a small amount of money? Brother!”At the end of her sentence.., zhang Qingqing began to act coquettishly. ”

“It was unknown how that sentence pleased Wu Youyu. Wu youyu smiled and said, “Buy it! I will get someone to transfer the money to you later!” ”

“When she heard that, Zhang Qingqing’s eyes lit up. “Thank you, Brother!” ”