Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

“Chapter 1398: 292: If I’m not good, who’s good (5th watch)1”

Translator: 549690339

“188,000 yuan was not a small sum. ”

“After all, Wu Youyu only gave her 50,000 to 60,000 yuan per month. ”

Zhang Qing Qing happily kissed Wu Youyu’s face a few more times.

“Wu Youyu enjoyed it and said, “Little baby, I promised you to buy a bag, so you have to promise me something.” ”

“”Tell me,”Zhang Qing Qing said. ”

A lewd light flashed in Wu Youyu’s eyes. “Play a game with me.”

Zhang Qing Qing naturally knew the content of the game. A troubled look flashed across her face.

No normal person would like that kind of game.

Wu Youyu must have watched too many of those dvds to be so perverted.

“”What, Little Baby, you don’t want to?”Wu Youyu raised his head to look at Zhang Qing Qing. ”

“Zhang Qingqing bit her lip. “For Bao’s sake, I’ll agree to it! It’ll only be this once, and it won’t happen again!”Although she was a mistress, she still had her dignity. ”

“Wu youyu smiled and said, “Don’t worry, it’ll only be this once.” ”

Time passed very quickly.

“In the blink of an eye, the next day arrived. ”

At the hospital.

“Zhou Zuolong was sitting by the bed feeding Xie wanqiu porridge. At this moment, there was a knock on the door. ”

Zhou Zuolong stood up to open the door.

“The moment the door was opened, he saw a familiar figure. ”

“Zhou zuolong smiled and said, “Brother Wu, you’re here! Come in, come in!” ”

That’s right.

The person outside the door was Wu Youyu.

Wu Youyu was still carrying a fruit basket in his hand.

“”Brother Zhou!”Wu youyu continued, “I know that you guys haven’t left yet, so I specially came to see you guys and also came to exchange moves with brother! Brother Won’t blame me for disturbing you, right?” ”

“”Of course not! Brother Wu, you’re Wanqiu’s Savior. You grew up with her. I can’t tell how happy I am that you came to see her!”Xie Wanqiu’s marriage to him could be considered a distant marriage, in Sea City, Xie Wanqiu didn’t have many friends. Sometimes, she didn’t even have anyone to talk to. Wu Youyu was one of Xie Wanqiu’s few friends. ”

“Wu youyu smiled and said, “I knew you were a magnanimous person, brother Zhou!” ”

“Zhou zuolong continued, “Brother Wu, come in and have a seat.” ”

Wu Youyu walked inside.

“The moment he walked inside, Zheng Wanyin was stunned. ”

Wu Youyu!

Why was he here again?

Was he here to look for Xie Wanqiu?

“Moreover, he was here in front of Zhou Zuolong. He was not afraid of being caught by Zhou Zuolong. ”

He was simply too bold! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Zheng Wanyin frowned slightly.

She still felt a little uncomfortable in her heart.

“In fact, she had always treated Zhou Zuolong as her biological grandfather. She felt very sorry for Zhou Zuolong after such a thing happened. ”

“However, she could not tell Zhou Zuolong directly. ”

“After all, Xie Wanqiu was her biological grandmother, and she was also her biological grandmother. ”

“Now was the crucial moment for her to marry into the Cen family. If Zhou Zuolong found out about this, would she still have the chance to marry Cen Shaoqing? ”

“Not only was it impossible, but she would also lose the title of Zhou Zuolong’s granddaughter. ”

Therefore.

Zhou Zuolong must not know about this.

For her and for Xie Wanqiu.

“”Wanqiu, brother Wu is here!”Zhou Zuolong said with a smile. ”

Xie Wanqiu was stunned when she saw Wu Youyu. She didn’t expect Wu Youyu to come at this time.

“”Brother youyu,”Xie Wanqiu said. ”

“Wu youyu said with concern, “WANQIU, are you feeling better now?” ”

“I’m much better.”Xie wanqiu nodded.

“Wu youyu smiled and said, “That’s good.” ”

“Watching the two of them chatting, Zhou Zuolong looked up at Zheng Wanyin. “Yinyin, I don’t think there are any fruits left. Let’s go buy some fruits!” ”

“Zheng wanyin said, “Aren’t there still apples and pears there?” ”

“Zhou zuolong continued, “Your grandmother doesn’t like to eat those.” ”

She doesn’t like them?

Why didn’t she know that Xie Wanqiu didn’t like to eat those?

“Zhou Zuolong picked up his wallet. “Let’s go, yinyin.” ”

“Xie wanqiu smiled and said, “Old Man, you don’t have to buy any fruits. Brother Youyu isn’t an outsider.” ”

“”I’ll go and see if there are any fresh strawberries,”Zhou Zuolong said. ”

“Xie wanqiu nodded. “I really want to eat them now. Go and come back quickly. It’s cold outside, so don’t let yinyin follow you.” ”

“What’s there to be afraid of? Young people should train more.”

“Wu Youyu stood up. “Brother Zhou, then I’ll go with you!” ”

“”Why do I Need You to accompany me?”Zhou zuolong continued, “It’s not easy for Wanqiu to meet her brother from home. You should accompany her and talk more. Don’t worry, yinyin and I will be back soon.” ”

“Alright then.”Wu Youyu nodded.

Zhou Zuolong left the ward with Zheng Wanyin.

“Wu Youyu leaned against the window. After confirming that Zhou Zuolong and Zheng Wanyin had already left the hospital, he ran back and hugged Xie wanqiu and kissed her passionately. “Darling, you really missed me to death!” ”

“You’re too bold. It’s daytime!”Xie wanqiu buttoned up her clothes. “Aren’t you afraid that Zhou Zuolong will find out?”

“Xie wanqiu was a cautious person. Although Zhou Zuolong was quite stupid and gullible, she wasn’t afraid of anything. She was only afraid of what might happen! ”

“If they were found out, all their previous efforts would be in vain! ”

Now was the crucial moment for Zheng Wanyin to marry into the Cen family.

Neither she nor Zheng Wanyin could afford to take such a risk.

“Discovered? What can that Trash Wu Youyu discover?”Wu Youyu’s face was full of disdain. “Can’t you see that he’s already calling me brother?”

“Xie wanqiu said, “Although that’s what he said, we still have to be careful! Don’t tell me he wants to personally destroy yinyin?” ”

“Wu Youyu hugged Xie Wanqiu. “Don’t worry, Zhou Zuolong will definitely not discover anything! If he could discover anything, he wouldn’t have given me the time to accompany you!”Wu Youyu had seen many people in his life, however, this was the first time he had seen someone as stupid as Zhou Zuolong. ”

“In the beginning, Wu Youyu was still worried that Zhou Zuolong was lying to him ”

It was only now that he realized that Zhou Zuolong was really stupid. He was so stupid that no one wanted to continue lying to him.

“When she said that, Xie wanqiu heaved a sigh of relief. “I’m just a little worried. After all, Zhou Xiang just promised us.” ”

“Wu youyu continued, “Since Zhou Xiang has already agreed, why isn’t she taking yinyin to the Cen Family? Is Zhou Xiang lying to you?” ”

Lying?

Just that Idiot Zhou Xiang?

“Xie wanqiu continued, “Originally, I was going to take her over, but Zhou Zuolong said that yinyin can not be compromised. That damned old woman from the Cen family has to come personally to take yinyin.” ”

Wu Youyu nodded. “I see.”

“After saying that, Wu youyu continued, “What if the Cen family’s old woman isn’t willing to come over? If I were to say that Zhou Xiang is willing to take yinyin back, then you should let Zhou Xiang take yinyin back. Otherwise, it would be too late.” ”

“”Don’t worry.”Xie wanqiu’s gaze was firm as she said, “That old woman of the Cen family will definitely come!” ”

“Are you that sure?”Wu Youyu asked.

“Xie wanqiu said, “Now Zhou Xiang has completely become my marionette. Zhou Xiang will do whatever I ask him to do, unless that old woman of the Cen family can watch Zhou Xiang Die!”! “But even if the Cen family’s old woman agrees, Cen Shaoqing will not agree! “So, that old woman from the Cen family is now riding a tiger. She has to come either way!” ”

“Zhou Xiang was the Cen family’s matriarch and Cen Shaoqing’s biological mother. As long as the Cen family’s old woman had a bit of brain, she would not watch Zhou Xiang die. ”

“Wu youyu gave Xie wanqiu a thumbs up. “My Darling Little Baby, you’re really amazing!” ”

“Xie wanqiu smiled and said, “That’s true. If I’m Not Amazing, who is?” ”

Wu Youyu kissed Xie Wanqiu and then began to take off his clothes.

“Not long after, a discordant sound came from the ward. ”

“Xie wanqiu said, “Hurry up. Zhou Zuolong will be back in a while.” ”

“”Don’t worry. It Won’t be that fast. Besides, our yinyin is very smart. She knows what to do.” ”

“Although they had yet to tear apart that layer of window paper with Zheng Wanyin, they knew very well that Zheng Wanyin knew about this matter. ”

“After all, if Zheng Wanyin had not helped cover it up last time, they would have been discovered by Zhou Zuolong. ”

“After a while, Wu Youyu’s voice appeared in the air again. “When are you going to tell Yinyin that I’m her real grandfather?” ”

“”Don’t worry, it’s not the right time yet.” ”

“Hearing this, Wu Youyu paused for a moment, then, he continued, “If it’s not the right time, then when is it the right time? “I’m already so old and only have yinyin’s bloodline. In my lifetime, I only want to hear Yinyin call me grandfather. “After all, the more I call you, the less I call you. Who knows how many more years I can live!” ”

“He could hear the disappointment in Wu Youyu’s words, xie wanqiu consoled, “Brother youyu, don’t worry. I’ll definitely find an opportunity to tell Yinyin. Yinyin is a sensible and good child. You’ve sacrificed so much for her. In the future, she’ll definitely be filial to you.” ”