Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1400: 294: true inheritance (7th watch)1

Translator: 549690339

“Although she had long seen through the affair between Wu Youyu and Xie wanqiu, Zheng Wanyin had never thought that Wu Youyu was actually her biological grandfather. ”

This was too unbelievable!

Xie wanqiu nodded. “You’re right. Your Grandfather Wu is your biological grandfather.”

Zheng Wanyin did not have any expression on her face. She was completely dumbfounded.

It was true.

It was actually true.

“”Grandma, are you not joking with me?”Zheng Wanyin looked at Xie wanqiu. ”

“Actually, she looked down on Wu Youyu. ”

A person like Wu Youyu was obviously a man who lived off his wife.

“He had to be capable, not capable, and not capable. He only knew how to rely on women. ”

“As long as she thought about how she had the same blood as Wu Youyu, Zheng Wanyin felt disgusted. ”

“Xie wanqiu continued, “Yinyin, do you think I would joke with you about something like this? Your Grandfather Wu is indeed your grandfather. If you don’t believe me, you can do a paternity test.”Even though Zheng Wanyin and Wu youyu were separated by generations.., but if she wanted to do a paternity test, she could still do it. ”

“Zheng Wanyin took a deep breath. “Grandma, you should break up with that Wu Youyu earlier! That way, Grandpa will find out sooner or later.” ”

“”Shut up!”Xie wanqiu frowned and said, “Who are you calling Grandpa? Only Your Grandpa Wu is Your Real Grandpa!” ”

Zheng Wanyin sighed.

“Xie wanqiu continued, “Yinyin, Grandma knows that it’s hard for you to accept this fact, but this is the truth. Your Grandpa Wu is Your Grandpa. Your Grandpa has sacrificed a lot for us all these years. I hope that you can be good to him in the future. When no one else is around, you can call him grandpa. After all, you are his only granddaughter in this world.” ”

Zheng Wanyin was stunned when she heard that.

“”Wu, I, he, he didn’t remarry? And he didn’t have any other children?” ”

“Xie wanqiu nodded. “Your grandfather is an infatuated person. In this life, he only has one daughter, your mother. You are the only bloodline your grandfather has left in this world.” ”

Zheng Wanyin did not expect Wu Youyu to be so infatuated.

“Xie Wanqiu’s eyes were red as she said, “Yinyin, it’s really not easy for your grandfather. So, you have to be considerate of your grandfather. If you marry into the Cen family in the future, you can’t forget your grandfather.” ”

“Got it.”Zheng Wanyin nodded.

“Xie wanqiu broke the tears into a smile. “Yinyin, I knew it. You Won’t let me down!” ”

“Zheng wanyin continued, “No matter what, he’s still my grandfather. He’s the only other person in this world who is connected to me by blood. It’s only right for me to show respect to him.” ”

Zheng Wanyin had always felt that she was a kind-hearted person.

“After all, Wu Youyu was her biological grandfather. He was connected to her by blood. How could she ignore Wu Youyu? ”

Definitely Not!

She could not do it.

“As for Zhou Zuolong, he was not related to her by blood. He could only blame himself for being stupid to be deceived by Xie wanqiu. ”

“Even she had discovered the matter between Xie Wanqiu and Wu Youyu, but Zhou Zuolong could not see through it. He even called Wu Youyu his brother. ”

This Green Bastard was the best!

“”Good, good, good!”Xie wanqiu said with relief, “If your grandfather heard this, he would definitely be very happy. It’s not in vain for him to dote on you!” ”

“Zheng wanyin continued, “Why have you never mentioned this to me before?” ”

“You Were Young in the past. What if I suddenly told you and you let it slip at Zhou Zuolong’s side?”

“Then does my mother know about this?”Zheng Wanyin asked.

Xie wanqiu nodded. “Your mother is your grandfather’s biological daughter. Of course she knows. It’s just a pity that I wasn’t able to let your grandfather see your mother for the last time.”

“Zheng Wanyin pinched her fingers, “This is all Zhou Xiang’s fault. If it wasn’t for Zhou Xiang, my mother wouldn’t have perished. Just you wait. I’ll definitely avenge my mother! Let Zhou Xiang get what she deserves!”If it wasn’t for Zhou Xiang snatching away Cen Haifeng’s words.., then she would be the eldest daughter of the Cen family now! ”

Zhou Xiang was a shameless B * Tch!

“After putting Zheng Wanyin in such a state, Xie wanqiu said excitedly, “Hearing your words, your mother will be able to close her eyes in the afterlife!” ”

“Zheng wanyin continued, “Grandma, actually, I have always remembered my mother’s hatred. I just didn’t say it out loud.” ”

“”Good child, good child.”Xie wanqiu patted Zheng Wanyin’s hand. ”

“Zheng wanyin continued, “By the way, Grandma, why isn’t that Zhou Jinbei here yet? Does he not want to come?” ”

“”He doesn’t want to come. He has the heart, but he doesn’t have the guts!”Xie wanqiu continued, “Just wait and see. He will definitely come!” ”

“After saying that, xie wanqiu continued, “Yinyin, quickly go and give your cousin a call. Ask her where she is!” ”

Zheng Wanyin’s cousin was Xie Wanqiu’s niece.

Her niece had lost her husband in the early years. She was extremely beautiful and was many times more beautiful than Zhou Jinbei’s original wife.

“Men were all visual animals. Moreover, her niece had received her true inheritance. ”

Xie Wanqiu believed that her niece would definitely be able to conquer Zhou Jinbei and make him fall head over heels for her.

“Zheng wanyin asked in surprise, “Is my cousin coming too?” ”

“Yes.”Xie wanqiu nodded. “Hurry up and make the call.”

“Okay.”

“Zheng Wanyin took out her phone and started to make the call. Very soon, the other end picked up. “Hello, cousin. Where are you now?” ”

“It was unknown what was said on the other end, but Zheng wanyin continued, “Okay, okay, I got it.” ”

“After hanging up the phone, Xie Wanqiu looked up and asked, “Where did your cousin say she was?” ”

“Zheng wanyin said, “Cousin is already in the taxi. She should be there in 20 to 30 minutes.” ”

“”That’s good.”Xie wanqiu nodded, a calculating look flashing in her eyes. ”

“Zheng Wanyin suddenly did not understand what Xie Wanqiu was trying to do. “Grandma, what is cousin doing here?” ”

“”You Silly Child.”Xie wanqiu smiled and said, “Your cousin just lost her man. What do you think I can ask her to come over for?” ”

“Hearing this, Zheng Wanyin instantly understood. “Grandma, are you trying to get cousin to be with Zhou Jinbei?” ”

“Yes.”Xie wanqiu nodded.

“Zheng wanyin smiled and said, “Great. Grandma, this move of yours is really too great. In this way, won’t the Cen and Zhou families belong to us?” ” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“”Of course!”Xie Wanqiu had this idea. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have called her niece, who was thousands of miles away, over. ”

“After saying that, Zheng Wanyin said with some worry, “I just don’t know if Zhou Jinbei will fall for it.” ”

Zhou Jinbei and Zhou Xiang were not quite the same.

“Otherwise, they wouldn’t have waited until the afternoon to see Xie Wanqiu. ”

“Xie wanqiu smiled and said, “As the saying goes, a hero can’t overcome a beauty. Moreover, Zhou Jinbei is just a bear. Don’t worry. Dealing with such a man is something your cousin can do easily.” ”

Zheng Wanyin nodded.

“Soon, half an hour passed. ”

But Xie Wanqiu’s niece did not make any movements.

“Xie wanqiu was a little worried. She looked at Zheng Wanyin and said, “Yinyin, call your aunt again and ask her why she is not here yet! Did something happen on the way?”! ”

“Zheng wanyin smiled and said, “Aunt is such a big person. Nothing will happen to her. Don’t worry.” ”

“In the blink of an eye, another ten minutes passed. ”

Xie wanqiu was extremely anxious and urged Zheng Wanyin to make a call.

Zheng Wanyin had just taken out her phone when there was a knock on the door.

Knock Knock Knock —

“Xie wanqiu smiled and said, “Yinyin, hurry up and open the door. It must be your cousin!” ”

Zheng Wanyin immediately ran to open the door.

“The moment the door opened, she saw a young woman wearing a white woolen coat standing outside. ”

“Her face was covered in exquisite makeup, and her shoulder-length chestnut-colored curly hair was emitting an intoxicating fragrance. ”

She was wearing a pair of white high heels.

It was obvious that she was a very beautiful and charming young woman.

“”Aiya, it’s been a few years. Yinyin is really getting prettier and prettier. I almost couldn’t recognize her,”the young woman standing at the door said first. ”

“Zheng Wanyin also reacted at this time. She smiled and said, “This must be my cousin! My grandmother has been waiting for you inside for a long time. Please come in with me.” ”

The young woman followed Zheng Wanyin into the ward.

“As soon as she walked in, the young woman pounced on Xie Wanqiu. “Auntie, are you alright? I was so worried when I heard that you were hospitalized!” ”

“”I’m fine.”Xie wanqiu smiled and said, “It’s just a small problem.” ”

“”It’s good that you’re alright. By the way, Auntie, this is the tonic I brought for you.”The young woman presented the gift that she had brought. ”

“Xie wanqiu said, “Rongle, you’re too kind.” ”

“This person who was related by blood was indeed related by blood. It was unlike that Zhou Xiang, who came several times and only brought a tonic once. ”

Ingrate.

“Xie rongle looked into the ward and then said, “Auntie, didn’t you say that Zhou Jinbei was also here? Why didn’t I See Him?” ”