Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1401: 295: the Stubborn Zhou Jinbei will infuriate Zhou Zuolong to death! (8pm)1

Translator: 549690339

Xie rongle knew very well the purpose of this trip.

It was to marry Zhou Jinbei.

“As long as he settled Zhou Jinbei, he would not have to worry about his living expenses for the rest of his life. ”

“One had to know that Zhou Jinbei was not only a wealthy tycoon, he was also a big shot that touched China. ”

“Xie wanqiu said, “Don’t look anymore. He hasn’t arrived yet.” ”

“”He hasn’t arrived yet?”Xie rongle frowned slightly. “It can’t be that he’s not coming, right? I flew all the way here. I can’t possibly miss him, right?” ”

“Xie wanqiu smiled and said, “Don’t worry. He doesn’t have the guts to not come.” ”

“Are you sure?”Xie rongle asked.

“Xie wanqiu smiled and said, “You still don’t believe your aunt?” ”

“”Yes, of course I do!”Xie rongle nodded impatiently. ”

The Xie family was just an ordinary family. Xie wanqiu could be said to be the person who changed the fate of the entire Xie family.

“Ever since Xie Wanqiu married Zhou Zuolong, the Xie family had changed its appearance. ”

“Not to mention how ostentatious it was, the Xie family was currently considered a big shot in the town! ”

“If they went out, they would be flattered by others. Who would dare to bully the Xie Family? ”

“Hence, the entire Xie family was proud of Xie wanqiu. ”

“This time, Xie Wanqiu wanted to introduce Xie Rongle to Zhou Jinbei. Xie Rongle was so happy that he could not sleep for a few days and nights. ”

“If it was in the past, she would never dream of marrying Zhou Jinbei. ”

“Xie wanqiu looked up at Zheng Wanyin and said, “Wanyin, go and wash some fruits for your cousin to eat.” ”

“The fruits had already been washed, so there was no need to wash them again. Zheng Wanyin knew that Xie Wanqiu was trying to send her away, so she said, “Okay, I’ll go now.” ”

“Sure enough, once Zheng Wanyin left.., xie wanqiu continued, “Rongle, Zhou Jinbei will be here soon. You have to seize the opportunity and try your best to attract Zhou Jinbei’s attention, so that Zhou Jinbei won’t let you go!” ”

“Xie rongle smiled and said, “Aunt, don’t worry. I’m more experienced than you in such matters.” ”

Wasn’t it just seducing men?

Xie rongle had plenty of experience.

“As long as she wanted to, there was no man she couldn’t seduce. ”

Whether it was a married woman or a bachelor.

Xie wanqiu nodded in satisfaction. “It’s good that you know what to do.”

“Xie rongle continued, “By the way, how is Yinyin’s matter? What did your stepdaughter say?” ”

“What else can she say? But she will do whatever I say!”Xie Wanqiu’s eyes were full of sarcasm. “Don’t tell me that a spineless person like Zhou Xiang wants to turn the world upside down?”

“”Aunt, you are really amazing.”There was no one else who could do what Xie Wanqiu did. ”

How many stepmothers had the ability to turn their stepchildren into tools?

“But Xie Wanqiu had the ability. Not only did Xie wanqiu have the ability, but she could also make Zhou Zuolong Trust and love her so much. ”

“The aunt and niece chatted like this. Unknowingly, two hours had passed. It was already past four in the afternoon, but there was still no news of Zhou Jinbei. ”

“At this time, Xie Wanqiu’s expression was a little ugly. ”

What did Zhou Jinbei mean by this?

Could it be that he wanted to visit her again at night?

What exactly was Zhou Jinbei thinking?

Cursing him to die?

“An ungrateful wretch. If it wasn’t for her, would Zhou Jinbei be what he was today? ”

She even wanted to introduce her own niece to Zhou Jinbei.

But what about Zhou Jinbei?

Was this how Zhou Jinbei repaid her?

“Xie Rongle was also pacing back and forth anxiously. “Auntie, do you think Zhou Jinbei really won’t come this time?”She wouldn’t really make a wasted trip, right? ”

Xie wanqiu massaged her temples. “Can you stop spinning around? It’s Making Me Dizzy!”

Xie rongle immediately stopped walking.

“Zheng Wanyin placed the cut fruit plate beside Xie Rongle and said with a smile, “Auntie, don’t worry. This uncle listens to Grandpa and Grandma the most. He will definitely come today!” ”

“After saying that.., zheng wanyin continued, “Cousin, if you become an uncle, should I call you cousin or aunt from now on? If I continue to call you cousin, then I should call you uncle and uncle instead.” ”

“Hearing that, Xie Rongle could not stop smiling. “After not seeing you for a few years, not only has yinyin become prettier, but her mouth is also becoming more and more eloquent.” ”

“Xie wanqiu said, “This child only knows how to talk nonsense. Both sides are relatives. When the time comes, you can call him whatever you want. You can call him whatever you want.” ”

On the other side.

At the Cen family home.

“Zhou Jinbei had been unwilling to go to the hospital to visit Xie Wanqiu. Zhou Xiang was extremely anxious. “Jinbei, are you really not planning to go to the hospital to visit your parents?” ”

“”SIS, I’ve said before that I won’t go to see him until the suicide note is restored,”Zhou Jinbei said. ”

“Zhou Xiang said, “But if you don’t go today, Dad will cut off his relationship with you. With Dad’s personality, he will do anything! Aren’t you afraid?” ”

“There’s nothing to be afraid of.”Zhou Jinbei said fearlessly.

“Zhou Xiang sighed. “Jinbei, aren’t you afraid of doing something that you’ll Regret?” ”

“I’m not afraid.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Zhou Xiang did not say anything else and turned around to walk out the door.

“If Zhou Jinbei did not go to the hospital to visit Zhou Jinbei and Xie wanqiu, she would personally go to the hospital to apologize to Zhou Zuolong and Zhou Xiang on his behalf. ”

“In short, she could not let Zhou Zuolong really do something that would sever their relationship. ”

“At that moment, Zhou Jinbei’s voice suddenly came from the air. “SIS, you’re not allowed to go either.” ”

Zhou Xiang pretended not to hear Zhou Jinbei’s words.

“Zhou jinbei continued, “Sis, if you go to the hospital today, I won’t have you as my sister in the future. I, Zhou Jinbei, am a man of my word!” ”

Zhou Xiang’s heart jolted when she heard this.

She knew Zhou Jinbei’s character.

He was indeed a man of his word.

“Zhou Xiang turned to look at Zhou Jinbei. “Jinbei, must you do this?” ”

“”SIS, you’re too weak.”Zhou jinbei continued, “Blindly compromising will only make them more and more greedy.” ”

“Zhou xiang continued, “But that’s our father! Our mother has been gone for so many years, and he’s our only father. Do you really have the heart to see our father grow old without children?”In Zhou Xiang’s subconscious mind.., parents were parents. No matter what their parents did, as children, they should understand their parents. ”

“”Sister, don’t say anymore. No matter how much you say, I won’t go to the hospital today.” ”

“After thinking for a while, Zhou Xiang continued, “You won’t go, sister, Okay?” ”

“She was Zhou Jinbei’s sister, so she had to take the blame for this matter. ”

“”Unless you don’t want me as your younger brother anymore,”Zhou Jinbei said. ”

“Jinbei!”

“Zhou Jinbei did not speak, but his expression was unusually firm. ”

Zhou Xiang sighed and turned to walk upstairs.

“She knew Zhou Jinbei’s personality too well. If she went to the hospital today, then Zhou Jinbei would really sever all ties with her. ”

“Just like when he was sixteen years old, he resolutely ran away from home. ”

“Zhou Xiang had just left when old madam Cen walked in from outside. “With your sister’s temper, I want to wake her up with a Slap!”It was really infuriating! She actually wanted to replace Zhou Jinbei to visit Xie Wanqiu in the hospital. ”

“Zhou Jinbei smiled helplessly. “Let’s not talk about you. Sometimes, even I can’t control myself.” ”

On the other side.

At the hospital.

“At six o’clock in the evening, Zhou Zuolong and Wu Youyu came back after drinking. ”

“”Uncle, you’re back.”When Xie Rongle saw Zhou Zuolong, she immediately went up to greet him. ”

“Rongle is here.”Zhou Zuolong was a little surprised when he saw Xie rongle.

“Xie rongle nodded. “I heard that aunt is not feeling well, so I came to visit her.” ”

“The Xie family lived in Le City, which was thousands of miles away. It took more than four hours to get there by plane. Zhou Zuolong was very grateful that Xie Rongle could rush over from Le City to visit Xie wanqiu, “Good boy. You’re thoughtful. It’s not a waste of your aunt’s love for you.” ”

“Xie rongle smiled and said, “My aunt is my biological aunt. It’s only right for me to come and see her.” ”

Zhou zuolong nodded and walked inside. He saw Xie wanqiu sitting on the bed with Zheng Wanyin beside her. He did not see Zhou Jinbei in the entire room.

Could it be that the unfilial son did not come?

Zhou Zuolong narrowed his eyes.

It could not be!

Could it be that Zhou Jinbei did not want to acknowledge him as his father?

He dared!

Or could it be that Zhou Jinbei was currently kneeling outside?

“Zhou zuolong continued, “Where’s that unfilial son?” ”

“Xie Wanqiu was a little at a loss for words. After a moment, she said, “Jinbei, Jinbei, he...” ”

“He didn’t come?”

Xie wanqiu nodded.

Zhou Zuolong’s face immediately turned pale.

Audacious.

Simply too audacious!

How could there be such an unfilial son in the world!

PA —

“Zhou Zuolong grabbed the cup on the table and slammed it on the ground. “From now on, I, Zhou Zuolong, will never have such an unfilial son again!” ”