Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

“Chapter 1409: 303: very happy people, very bad relatives (16th watch)1”

Translator: 549690339

“When the rotten egg was smashed on his body, Zhou Zuolong was stunned. ”

The stinky mucus flowed down Zhou Zuolong’s head and into his neck.

Zhou Zuolong had never experienced such a embarrassing thing in his life.

It felt like a dream.

Unreal.

Very unreal.

He had always been a good husband and father to the public.

How could someone throw rotten eggs at him?

The person who was thrown rotten eggs should be Zhou Jinbei.

There was a mistake. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

There must be a mistake.

“Just then, the voice of a reporter rang out in the air. ”

“Hearing the reporter’s words clearly, Zhou Zuolong’s ears buzzed even more. ”

Alimony?

Transaction Records?

Extramarital affairs?

“Before Zhou Zuolong could fully react, the reporter’s questions were thrown at him, “Mr. Zhou, can I take your silence as a tacit agreement? Then, do you feel that you have let down your deceased wife all these years? Do you feel guilty for killing your ex-wife with your unfaithful partner ”

“”As a father, why are you forcing your son to do this?” ”

“”If you twist black and white, won’t you have nightmares at night?” ”

The Reporters’questions came one after another. Zhou Zuolong was completely stunned.

What was going on?

The reporters were clearly very sympathetic to him yesterday. Why did everything change today?

“Also, how did they know about this? ”

Wu Lan was already dead.

Zhou Xiang and Zhou Jinbei were so young back then. How did these things get out?

Who Was It?

Who wanted to harm him?

“Zhou Zuolong was flustered, and cold sweat broke out on his face. ”

No.

He couldn’t admit it.

He absolutely couldn’t admit it.

“If he admitted it, then he would be finished. ”

“I...”

Zhou Zuolong opened his mouth and was about to say something.

Bang!

Another egg was thrown over.

“This time, the stinky mucus flowed directly into Zhou Zuolong’s mouth. ”

It was a very disgusting smell.

“”Old Bastard, go to hell!” ”

“Scum!”

“Then, rotten vegetable leaves were thrown in Zhou Zuolong’s direction. ”

“Stinky eggs, vegetable leaves, and abusive language surged over from all directions. ”

Zhou Zuolong held his head and ran quickly to the hospital.

“At that moment, he ran at the fastest pace in his life. ”

He came to the ward.

“Xie wanqiu, Xie rongle, and Zheng Wanyin were chatting. ”

“Seeing Zhou Zuolong like this, Xie Wanqiu was shocked. “Old Man, what happened to you?” ”

Xie rongle and Zheng Wanyin immediately walked to Zhou Zuolong’s side. “Uncle! Grandfather!”

“Zhou zuolong said, “Open Weibo! Quick, Open Weibo!” ”

“OH.”Zheng Wanyin realized that something was not right and immediately opened Weibo.

“The moment she opened Weibo, she saw the trending searches, the earth-shattering news, and the footage of Zhou Zuolong being interviewed just now. ”

“Seeing this scene, Zheng Wanyin was immediately stunned. ”

How could this be!

The trending searches were all about Zhou Zuolong.

“If the news of Zhou Jinbei’s unfilial behavior became known on the Internet, then Zhou Zuolong’s hypocritical infidelity, together with his mistress, forced his first wife to die, and reversed the truth, became a hot topic on the Internet! ”

Someone even posted Zheng Wanyin’s photo on the Internet.

“[ this woman is Zheng Wanyin, the biological granddaughter of Xie Wanqiu’s mistress. She actually had the delusion to steal someone else’s side and marry Cen Wuye! ] ”

[ as expected of the granddaughter of a mistress. Her family skills can not be thrown away. She’s pretty good. ]

[ this disgusting piece of trash still wants to snatch our ye Zi’s boyfriend. What a Fool’s Dream! ]

[ I threw up! ]

“[ as expected, dragons give birth to dragons and phoenixes give birth to Phoenixes. The son of a mouse can dig holes. This Zheng Wanyin is indeed better than her father. ] ”

“[ F * ck, this is simply refreshing. I’ve never seen such a shameless person. ] ”

“[ White Lotus, green tea bitch, not even one-thousandth of our Yezi. ] ”

[ so disgusting that I’m about to throw up. ]

Zheng Wanyin’s hands were trembling when she saw these comments.

Ye Zhuo.

It must be ye Zhuo.

“She was the biggest threat to ye Zhuo right now. After all, once she became Cen Shaoqing’s girlfriend, Ye Zhuo would be dumped by Cen Shaoqing. ”

“Therefore, ye Zao must be the one who hurt her behind her back. ”

Shameless.

“Ye Zao, this Shameless B * TCH, if you have the guts, then face her head on! ”

What kind of ability is it to hurt someone behind their back?

“Everyone was equal in front of love. She wanted to pursue Cen Shaoqing, so what if she was together with Cen Shaoqing? ”

“”Yinyin, what’s Wrong?” ”

“Seeing that Zheng Wanyin’s expression was not right, Xie wanqiu immediately took out her phone and looked at Weibo. ”