Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1414: 304: Retribution for good and Evil! 2

Translator: 549690339

“After saying that, xie wanqiu continued, “Have you visited Xiangxiang? Old Man, I’ve thought about it a lot. After all, you and Xiangxiang are father and daughter. Let’s forget about this matter. We can’t let the two of you turn against each other...” ”

Forget it.

“Zhou Xiang hit Xie wanqiu, but Xie Wanqiu said to forget it. ”

Was there such a kind person in the world?

But him.

He even suspected that Xie Wanqiu was unfaithful to him.

He really shouldn’t have!

“But when he thought of the photos in his bag, Zhou Zuolong felt uncomfortable and uncomfortable. ”

“Zhou zuolong continued, “Wanqiu, don’t worry. I will personally make that unfilial daughter of Zhou Xiang Kowtow to you and admit her mistake! This matter can not be let go just like that!” ”

How many children would hit an old man?

“If Zhou Xiang could hit Xie Wanqiu now, she would do even more outrageous things in the future. ”

“Xie wanqiu sighed. “Sigh, actually, it’s normal for that child to have resentment in her heart. Back then, I shouldn’t have done that! But I really didn’t expect sister Wu Lan to be so fragile. Because of this matter, she went to lie on the tracks...” ”

“When he heard this, Zhou zuolong frowned and said, “Wu Lan is courting death. It has nothing to do with you. Wanqiu, don’t blame yourself for Everything!” ”

“In this world, there were a few men who did not cheat. ”

“In ancient times, there were still people who had three wives and four concubines! ”

Only Wu Lan pretended to be aloof. She could not even stand such a small matter. Those who sought death and lived were simply pretentious.

Everyone had their own fate. This was Wu Lan’s fate!

Who could she blame?

“Xie wanqiu said, “Although that’s what you said, the matter was indeed caused by me.” ”

“At this moment, the ringtone of a cell phone rang in the air. ”

“Zhou Zuolong picked up the phone. “Hello, Brother Wu! Yes, we’ve transferred to another hospital. En, I’ll send you the address later.” ”

“After hanging up, Zhou Zuolong turned to look at Xie Wanqiu. “Brother Wu came to the hospital to see you, but he couldn’t find a place. I’ll go downstairs to pick him up.” ”

“Okay.”

“Go ahead.”Xie wanqiu nodded.

“Zhou Zuolong was just an idiot. Wu Youyu had come here so many times, but he hadn’t noticed it at all. ”

Xie Wanqiu was no longer as cautious as before.

“In addition, so many things had happened in such a short time, Xie Wanqiu also wanted to talk to Wu Youyu properly. ” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Zhou Zuolong walked out of the door.

“When he came to the hospital building, he looked at the crowd of people coming and going. He suddenly felt a little lost. ”

Was Wu Youyu and Xie Wanqiu in that kind of relationship?

One was the woman he loved the most.

The other was his brother who hated that he had met late.

“He didn’t believe that these two people would betray him, but when his hand touched the photo in his bag, Zhou Zuolong felt very uncomfortable. ”

“No matter what, he had to figure it out. ”

“Otherwise, he still couldn’t face Xie Wanqiu and Wu Youyu. ”

“Just then, Zhou Zuolong saw a shop selling electronic technology. ”

Zhou Zuolong seemed to have thought of something and pushed the door open and walked in.

He felt a little uncomfortable if he did not clarify the matter and clear Xie Wanqiu’s name.

“The enthusiastic shop assistant immediately came up to him. “Hello, Old Sir. May I help you?” ”

“Zhou Zuolong looked around and continued, “Do you have that kind of pinhole camera?” ”

“Yes.”The shop assistant nodded. “But it’s a little expensive.”

“”The price is not the problem. The problem is, can we connect to a cell phone?”Zhou Zuolong asked. ”

“The shop assistant smiled and said, “Look at what you’re saying. If we can’t connect to the phone, who will we sell it to?” ”

“Take me to have a look.”

“”This way, please.” ”

The shop assistant brought Zhou Zuolong to a row of display cabinets. There were all kinds of cameras on the counters.

“Which one is the best?”Zhou Zuolong asked.

“This one.”The shop assistant took out a small camera. “This one is imported from C nation. The picture quality is very good...”

“Before the shop assistant could finish his sentence, he was interrupted by Zhou Zuolong. Zhou Zuolong picked up a small black doll. “This is also a camera.” ”

“”Yes.”The shop assistant nodded and continued, “This is a camouflage surveillance camera. From the outside, you can’t tell that it’s a camera.” ”

“How is the quality of this camera?”Zhou Zuolong asked.

“”Very good!”The shop assistant said, “But this one costs 20,000 yuan.” ”

“Pay up.”

“The shop assistant didn’t expect Zhou Zuolong to be so straightforward. He hurriedly said, “Old sir, this way please. Do you need me to install the surveillance equipment on your phone? It’s convenient for you to view it remotely!” ”

“Yes.”Zhou Zuolong nodded. “Can you see it from any distance?”