Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1416: 304: Retribution for good and Evil! 4

Translator: 549690339

“Wu Youyu returned to the bed and hugged Xie Wanqiu in his arms. “Baby, I missed you so much.” ”

Xie wanqiu sighed.

“”What’s wrong, Baby?”Wu Youyu asked. ”

“Didn’t you read the News?”

Wu Youyu shook his head.

“He had been hanging out with Zhang Qingqing these past few days, so how would he have time to read the news? ”

Xie wanqiu then told Wu Youyu about what had happened to Zhou Xiang.

“Hearing that, Wu Youyu frowned. “How could this be?” ”

“Seeing that Zheng Wanyin had already stepped into the CEN family, who would have thought that such a change would happen? ! ”

“Wu youyu continued, “Then what about yinyin?” ”

“”Don’t worry.”Xie wanqiu patted Wu Youyu’s hand. “No matter what, Zhou Zuolong is Zhou Xiang’s father. The older the wiser. I believe that he will definitely have a way to deal with Zhou Xiang.” ”

The person that Zhou Zuolong cared about the most was her.

Zhou Xiang dared to hit her in front of Zhou Zuolong. wasn’t this like plucking the hair from a Tiger’s head?

“After hearing this, Wu Youyu heaved a sigh of relief and said with a smile, “Baby, you’re still the best!” ”

Over here.

Zhou Zuolong found a coffee shop and sat down.

“Although the shop assistant had taught him many times how to remotely check the monitor online, Zhou Zuolong still forgot. He opened the APP many times, but he could not see the monitor. ”

“Zhou Zuolong was extremely anxious. Just as he was anxious, the screen on his phone suddenly appeared. ”

“Contrary to Zhou Zuolong’s imagination, Wu Youyu and Xie Wanqiu did not make out. One was sitting on the bed and the other was sitting on the sofa. ”

The content of their conversation was also very normal.

Zhou zuolong heaved a sigh of relief. He knew that Xie Wanqiu was not that kind of person.

“As for those photos, Zhou Jinbei must have asked someone to send them over to frame Xie wanqiu. ”

Such a heartless dog!

Did he really think that he was muddle-headed because he was old?

“Zhou Zuolong took a sip of his coffee. Just as Zhou Zuolong was about to turn off the surveillance cameras, Wu Youyu suddenly stood up from the sofa and walked to the bedside. ”

“Zhou Zuolong’s finger, which had clicked off, paused. ”

“At that moment, Wu Youyu began to take off his clothes. ”

“Xie wanqiu said, “Go and close the curtains.” ”

Wu Youyu nodded and walked over to pull the curtains.

“When he saw this scene, Zhou Zuolong’s face turned pale and his eyes widened ”

He watched helplessly as the two of them rolled onto the bed and let out extremely disgusting sounds.

PA —

The Coffee Cup in Zhou Zuolong’s hand fell to the ground and shattered into pieces.

How could this be?

“Xie wanqiu, this slut, why did she lie to him? ”

Zhou Zuolong hugged his head with both hands and whimpered.

Everything in the past seemed to have become a joke.

He was so good to Xie wanqiu.

After the marriage.

“He was extremely loyal to Xie Wanqiu, wholeheartedly loving only her, and even treating Xie Ying as his own. ”

“When Xie Ying got married, Zhou Zuolong gave nearly half of the Zhou family’s assets to Xie Ying. ”

“When Xie Ying died in childbirth, he cried even more sadly than Xie wanqiu, his biological mother. ” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“But now, this was the result. ”

“After an unknown amount of time, the disgusting sounds finally stopped. ”

“Wu Youyu hugged Xie Wanqiu and sat on the bed. “Baby, have you confessed my identity to yinyin?” ”

Confessed his identity?

“Hearing this, Zhou Zuolong immediately looked up at the screen. ”

“Xie wanqiu said, “I said, don’t worry. You’re Yinyin’s biological grandfather. Yinyin is also a sensible and good child. She will definitely be filial to you.” ”

Biological Grandfather?

Wu Youyu was Zheng Wanyin’s biological grandfather?

Then wasn’t Xie Ying Wu Youyu’s biological daughter?

Oh My God!

What stupid things had he done all these years?

He had ignored his own biological son and daughter and raised someone else’s daughter like a Ninja Turtle!

“After raising his daughter, he was raising someone else’s granddaughter? ”

Zhou Zuolong was on the verge of breaking down!

“How can you be so stupid! How can you be so stupid?”Zhou Zuolong slapped himself twice.

“On the surveillance camera, Wu Youyu continued, “Quickly call Yinyin and tell her to come back now. I want to hear Yinyin Call Me Grandpa.” ”

“”Okay, I’ll make the call now.” ”

“Xie wanqiu took out her phone and called Zheng Wanyin. “Yinyin, where are you now? Come back quickly!” ”

“After hanging up, Xie wanqiu looked at Wu Youyu. “Yinyin is nearby. She’ll be back soon.” ”

“Okay.”Wu Youyu nodded.

Zhou Zuolong stared at the screen and tried his best to control his emotions.

Zheng Wanyin was a good child. She would definitely not recognize Wu Youyu as her grandpa!

No!

No!

“Xie Ying died in the delivery room. When Xie Wanqiu brought Zheng Wanyin back, Zheng Wanyin was as big as a cat. ”