Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1418: 304: Retribution for good and Evil! 6

Translator: 549690339

It was his fault.

It was all his fault.

“Xie wanqiu, this venomous woman, had slept with him for so many years, but he had not discovered anything. ”

It was also at this time that Zhou Zuolong understood why Xie Wanqiu had married Zheng Wanyin and Xie Rongle to Cen Shaoqing and Zhou Jinbei respectively.

“Because this way, even if he found out about Xie wanqiu and Wu Youyu’s adultery in the future, there was nothing he could do! ”

“Because at that time, the Cen and Zhou families had long been controlled by Zheng Wanyin and Xie Rongle! ”

They were too vicious!

How could he be blind enough to fall in love with such a poisonous snake?

“”Wu Lan, I’m sorry... I’m sorry...” ”

“For Xie wanqiu, he forced Wu Lan to death. ”

Wu Lan was only in her thirties when she died.

“Not only did he let Wu Lan Down, but he also let down Zhou Xiang and Zhou Jinbei, the pair of children. ”

“When he thought of the hardships Zhou Xiang and Zhou Jinbei had suffered in the past, Zhou Zuolong felt so bad that he could hardly breathe. ”

What had he done in the past?

He had broken the hearts of his children!

“If he had not betrayed Wu Lan back then, if he had not known Xie wanqiu, then how happy would he be now! ”

He had many children and grandchildren!

Regret...

Zhou Zuolong was so regretful that his intestines turned green.

“Unfortunately, there was no medicine for regret in this world. ”

Zhou Zuolong patted his head hatefully.

“An hour later, Zhou Zuolong boarded a plane to sea city. ”

“Four hours later, the plane landed at sea city airport. ”

“Sea city was still the same sea city as before, but he was no longer the same person as before. ”

“Things have changed, but people have changed. ”

“In just a few hours, Zhou zuolong deeply understood the meaning of this idiom. ”

“Zhou Zuolong transferred all the assets under his name to Zhou Jinbei overnight, and then transferred the real estate and company shares to Zhou Jinbei’s name. ”

“After doing all this, Zhou Zuolong went to Wu Lan’s grave and cried bitterly. “Wu Lan, I’m sorry, I was wrong, I really was wrong! Please forgive me...” ”

“On the Tombstone, Wu Lan’s photo was still the same as when she was young. ”

“Looking at the young Wu Lan, Zhou Zuolong’s thoughts seemed to return to the past. ”

“Actually, he and Wu Lan had truly loved each other. ”

But he did not know when his heart had changed.

“Thinking back to the past, Zhou Zuolong was in great pain. ”

On the third day.

Zhou Zuolong returned to the capital.

“When she heard that Zhou Zuolong had returned, Xie Wanqiu was extremely excited. ”

He was back. He was finally back.

“Xie wanqiu looked up at Zheng Wanyin and Xie Rongle. “Yinyin, Rongle, you have to put on a good show later. You Can’t let Zhou Xiang and Zhou Jinbei take the two of you away so easily, understand?” ”

“Understood.”Zheng Wanyin and Xie rongle nodded.

“At that moment, there was a knock on the door. ”

Zheng Wanyin quickly ran to open the door.

It was Zhou Zuolong.

Zhou Zuolong had two bodyguards behind him.

“Grandpa! You’re finally back. Grandma has been talking about you for the past few days.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Zhou Zuolong sneered.

Talking about him?

Xie Wanqiu had been having an affair with Wu Youyu for the past few days. Why would she talk about him?

“Seeing Zhou Zuolong like this, Zheng Wanyin suddenly had a bad feeling. ”

Could it be...

Zhou Zuolong had discovered something?

It shouldn’t be!

She had specially checked Zhou Zuolong’s schedule. Zhou Zuolong had indeed been in sea city for the past few days.

“”Old Man, you’re finally back! Oh right, why didn’t Xiangxiang and Jinbei come back with you?”Xie wanqiu, who was on the bed, raised her head and looked at Zhou Zuolong. ”

“Sign this.”Zhou Zuolong threw a document to Xie wanqiu.

“Xie Wanqiu was stunned. When she saw the ‘Divorce Agreement’on the document, her face turned pale. ”

“”Old Man, you, you must be joking!” ”

Zheng Wanyin and Xie rongle also looked at this scene in surprise.

“Zhou Zuolong took out a stack of photos and threw them on Xie Wanqiu’s face. “B * Tch, tell me, what is this?” ”

The photos were full of intimate photos of Xie Wanqiu and Wu Youyu!

How could this be?

Where did Zhou Zuolong get these photos?

Xie Wanqiu’s blood flowed backwards.

Zheng Wanyin was so scared that she took a few steps back and covered her mouth with her hand.

“”Old Man, this isn’t real! Someone is trying to harm me! Someone is trying to harm me!”Xie wanqiu was so scared that she rolled down from the bed, she hugged Zhou Zuolong’s thigh tightly, “Zhou Jinbei, it must be Zhou Jinbei. It’s Zhou Jinbei who is trying to harm me! “Old Man, we’ve been married for so many years. Don’t you know who I am? “Nowadays, technology is so advanced that any photo can be synthesized! “These photos are all synthesized! “Old Man, you have to believe me. I will never betray you! “Old Man!” ”

“B * Tch! B * Tch!”Zhou Zuolong kicked Xie wanqiu away. “Do you really think I’m Blind?”

“”Grandpa, Grandpa! Please don’t do this. This is a misunderstanding.”Zheng Wanyin walked over, she knelt in front of Zhou zuolong. “Grandpa, you and Grandma have been married for so many years. Don’t You Know Who Grandma Is? Someone must be trying to harm grandma. Please don’t do this!” ”

Zheng Wanyin knew very well her position in Zhou Zuolong’s heart.

“She was the child that Zhou Zuolong had raised single-handedly. Zhou Zuolong treated her better than his own granddaughter. As long as she opened her mouth, she would definitely be able to alleviate the anger in Zhou Zuolong’s heart. ”

“Who knew that Zhou Zuolong would kick Zheng Wanyin away. “You Little Bastard, you still have the face to call me grandpa! Thinking about me, Zhou Zuolong, I was really smart and muddle-headed for a lifetime. I actually raised someone else’s wife and child for so many years!” ”

Zhou Zuolong was such a high-spirited person back then.

And Now?

His life had been ruined by Xie Wanqiu!

Got It!

“From Zhou Zuolong’s tone, he should have known everything. ”

“Xie wanqiu’s face was pale. She crawled back to Zhou Zuolong’s side, “Old man, someone must have wanted to harm us. Brother Yu and I are innocent. Nothing happened to us. You have to believe us! “Old Man, I’ve been married to the Zhou family for so many years and brought up a pair of children for you. Don’t you remember all these things?” ”

“Zhou Zuolong pointed at Xie Wanqiu angrily. “How dare you say that! If it weren’t for you, Wu Lan wouldn’t have died! It was you who forced Wu Lan to her death! Are you going to sign the divorce agreement or not? If you don’t sign it, wait for the lawyer’s letter!” ”

“Old Man! Old Man!”Xie Wanqiu was unwilling to accept the divorce.

“Get lost! I’m sick of seeing you now!”Zhou Zuolong shook Xie wanqiu off and turned to leave.

“Xie wanqiu got up from the ground and was about to catch up with Zhou Zuolong, but she was stopped by Zhou Zuolong’s bodyguards. ”

“”Grandma, what should we do now?”Zheng Wanyin walked over crying. ”

“Xie wanqiu tried her best to calm herself down. “Let’s go for the discharge surgery first, then we’ll go look for Your Grandpa!” ”

“Okay.”

Zheng Wanyin nodded and went to the first floor to settle the bill.

“”Hello, it’s a total of 50,000 yuan.”The nurse handed the bill to Zheng Wanyin. ”

Zheng Wanyin handed over her bank card. “Use Your Card.”

“The nurse took the card and handed it back a moment later. “I’m sorry, your card has been frozen.” ”