Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1419: 305: I’ll torture you to death! (extra-curricular activities)1

Translator: 549690339

Frozen?

Her card was actually frozen?

Zheng Wanyin reached out to take the card and handed another bank card to the nurse. “Then change it to this one.”

“A moment later, the nurse handed the card back to Zheng Wanyin. “I’m sorry, but this card of yours is also frozen.” ”

Frozen as well? !

Could it be Zhou Zuolong’s handiwork?

Zheng Wanyin was a little flustered.

She was the child that Zhou Zuolong had personally raised. How could Zhou Zuolong be so heartless?

No.

It couldn’t be.

“Although she and Zhou Zuolong were not related by blood, it was better than being related by blood. ”

Zhou Zuolong would never treat her this way.

The hospital’s card reader must have broken.

Zheng Wanyin tried her best to calm herself down. “Can I pay with Alipay?”

“”Yes.”The nurse continued, “Just scan the payment code.” ”

Zheng Wanyin took out her phone and scanned the payment code.

“There was not much money in her Alipay account, but it was bound to an unlimited black card. Usually, she would use this card to pay for her purchases. ”

Di —

The scan was successful.

“Zheng Wanyin entered the amount, 5,000, and then entered the password. ”

“But in the next second, Zheng Wanyin’s face turned pale. ”

Insufficient balance.

Alipay actually indicated that there was insufficient balance.

“Her card was unlimited, how could there be insufficient balance. ”

“Zheng Wanyin closed the web page and scanned it again, but it still showed that there was insufficient balance. ”

“This might be due to the system once, but it was not due to the system twice. ”

Her card was really frozen by someone.

Zheng Wanyin was delayed by about ten minutes at the payment window. The people in the queue behind her were very anxious.

“The nurse said, “If you don’t have enough money, go and gather it first. When you have enough, come and pay. Don’t waste everyone’s time.” ”

“Zheng wanyin said, “I’ll pay on wechat.” ”

She still had tens of thousands of dollars in cash on wechat.

The nurse pointed to the other side. “Sweep there.”

Zheng Wanyin opened her wechat wallet.

“There was still 55,580 yuan left. ”

“After paying the hospitalization fee of 50,000 yuan, there was only 5,580 yuan left. ”

“After paying the hospitalization fee, Zheng Wanyin went to the ward. ”

“Seeing that her face was as pale as a piece of paper, Xie wanqiu asked, “What’s wrong, Yinyin?” ”

Zheng Wanyin gulped. “M-grandfather froze my card.”

“After Zheng Wanyin graduated from university, she went to graduate school. After she finished her graduate school, she went to master’s School. After she graduated from Master’s School, she stayed in the Zhou family to accompany Xie Wanqiu and did not participate in work. ”

“Usually, Zhou Zuolong would give her money to use. ”

“After Zhou Zuolong froze her card, it was equivalent to cutting off all sources of income! ”

“What?”Xie Wanqiu was also stunned.

Xie wanqiu and Zhou Zuolong had lived their entire lives.

“Zhou Zuolong was stupid and stupid. No matter what happened, she only needed to coax him a little. ”

She did not expect him to be so ruthless this time! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Zheng Wanyin, who had been holding back her tears, finally could not hold it in anymore. She cried out, “Grandma, what should we do?” ”

Everything was like a dream. Zheng Wanyin could not react in time.

It had only been a few hours.

She had gone from a socialite to a penniless wretch.

A person could survive without anything except money.

“”Don’t panic, don’t panic.”Xie wanqiu held Zheng Wanyin’s hand. “Yinyin, don’t Cry yet. Grandma is asking you, has the discharge surgery been completed?” ”

“It’s done.”Zheng Wanyin nodded.

“”It’s good that it’s done.”Xie wanqiu continued, “Let’s pack up and get out of the hospital immediately.” ”

“Xie rongle stood at the side. “Auntie, what should I do then?” ”

She had originally come to the capital to live a good life and become the mistress of the Zhou family.

Who would have thought that such an accident would happen in the end.

“Instead of becoming the mistress of the Zhou family, she had gotten herself into trouble. ”

“Xie wanqiu said, “You’ll be discharged with us. I’ve lived with Zhou Zuolong all my life. I know him better than anyone else! When we’re discharged, we’ll go and beg him. He’ll definitely be soft-hearted.” ”

“If Zhou Zuolong did not have her in his heart, he would not have driven Wu Lan to her death. ”

“Zhou Zuolong was only angry at the moment, which was why he treated them this way. ”

“When Zhou Zuolong’s anger subsided, he would definitely be fine. ”

“Xie rongle continued, “Then, then can I still marry Zhou Jinbei?” ”

“When she heard this, Zheng Wanyin quickly raised her head and looked at Xie Wanqiu. ”

Xie Rongle was not the only one who was worried. She was also very worried.

Could she still marry into the Cen Family?

“Xie wanqiu said, “Don’t worry. Don’t worry. Even if I have to risk my old life, I will let both of you get what you want.” ”