Chapter 1425: 305: I’ll torture the scum to my heart’s content! (extra-curricular activities)7

Translator: 549690339

“Xie wanqiu continued, “It’s Your Grandpa Wu.” ”

“Okay. Okay...”Zheng Wanyin took out her phone with trembling hands.

“Seeing that there were no benefits to be gained, Xie Rongle stood up and said, “Aunt, I’ve been out for so many days, so I’ll go back first.” ”

“Go back.”Xie wanqiu sighed.

“Hearing Xie Wanqiu’s words, Xie Rongle did not even pack his things and directly walked out of the ward. ”

“”When the tree topples, the monkeys scatter.”Looking at Xie Rongle’s back, Xie Wanqiu had a self-deprecating smile on her face. ”

“Not long after, Wu Youyu arrived. ”

“Grandpa!”

“Seeing Wu Youyu, Zheng Wanyin immediately stood up. ”

“”Yinyin, are you guys okay?”Wu Youyu asked with concern. ”

Zheng Wanyin shook her head. “Grandma has already signed the divorce agreement.”

“”I’m fine, I’m fine.”Wu Youyu held Zheng Wanyin in his arms and comforted her. “Good children. Grandpa will take care of you in the future.” ”

“Hearing Wu Youyu’s words, Xie wanqiu finally found some comfort. ”

Wu Youyu brought Xie Wanqiu and Zheng Wanyin to their residence in the capital.

“Over the years, Xie Wanqiu had secretly given a lot of money to Wu Youyu, so Wu Youyu’s life was very comfortable. Not only did he have a property in his hometown, but he also had a villa in the capital. ”

“In the evening, Wu Youyu held Xie Wanqiu in his arms and asked, “Wanqiu, how much property did that Zhou Zuolong give you?” ”

The Zhou family was not an ordinary family.

“According to Wu Youyu’s estimation, Xie Wanqiu now had at least seven-figure savings in her hands. ”

“Thinking of those savings, Wu Youyu’s eyes were shining. ”

“Speaking of this, the smile on Xie Wanqiu’s face immediately disappeared, and she told him the whole story. ”

“When he heard that not only did Xie wanqiu not get a single cent, but she even helped Zhou zuolong repay the 150,000 yuan loan, Wu Youyu’s expression immediately changed. “Wanqiu, you’re not joking with me, right?” ”

“I want to joke with you too.”Xie wanqiu sighed. “But it’s true!”

“”So, you’ve served that old fellow for so many years in vain?”Wu Youyu said angrily. ”

“”I haven’t been serving him in vain,”zheng wanyin continued, “Haven’t I given you a lot of money over the years?” ” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Wu Youyu didn’t say anything. His heart was filled with anxiety.

“He had thought that Xie wanqiu would definitely get half of the airport, but who knew that he would end up losing everything. ”

What was going on?

“For the sake of money, he could tolerate this old B * tch, Xie Wanqiu. ”

“Now, not only did Xie wanqiu not have any money, she even owed 150,000 yuan. Why did Wu Youyu have to tolerate her? ”

“However, for Zheng Wanyin’s sake, he could not directly turn against Xie Wanqiu. ”

“Wu Youyu let go of Xie wanqiu. “WANQIU, I suddenly remembered that I still have some matters to settle. I Won’t be able to accompany you tonight.” ”

Xie wanqiu frowned. “Why are you leaving just like that?”

“I have something to attend to!”Wu Youyu said as he put on his clothes.

A woman’s intuition told Wu Youyu that this matter was not simple.

“After Wu Youyu left, Xie wanqiu secretly followed Wu Youyu. ”

She saw Wu Youyu enter a hotel and even saw Wu Youyu hugging a young girl affectionately.

“When she saw this scene, Xie Wanqiu’s eyes turned red. ”

Betraying her.

The man she loved the most had actually betrayed her.

“Moreover, from the looks of it, they definitely hadn’t been together for a day or two. ”

She and Wu Youyu were childhood friends and had known each other since they were young.

“Later, because of money, Xie Wanqiu married her first husband. ”

“After her first husband died in an accident, Xie wanqiu inherited a large sum of money from him. She thought that they could live an unusually happy life in the future. ”

“However, Wu Youyu was not satisfied with the money. He designed Zhou Zuolong to sleep with Xie wanqiu. ”

Fifty years.

A whole fifty years.

Xie wanqiu had been living for Wu Youyu for the past fifty years.

But Wu Youyu betrayed her.

The betrayal was so thorough.

“At this moment, Xie wanqiu only felt that her heart had been torn apart. ”

Only now could she understand why Wu Lan would lie on the tracks.

But she would not be as stupid as Wu Lan!

She would not die alone!

Xie wanqiu narrowed her eyes and walked back without leaving a trace.

“The next day, Xie Wanqiu personally cooked a table full of delicious dishes and served a bowl of rice to Zheng Wanyin. ”

“Zheng Wanyin’s face was very pale. “Grandma, I’m Not Hungry.” ”

“”A person’s iron rice is steel. If you don’t eat, you’ll be hungry. yinyin, you’re a strong child. Grandma believes that you won’t be defeated by this little difficulty in front of you. Eat more or less!” Xie wanqiu continued, “Grandma is already so old. If an accident happens one day, you must take good care of yourself.” ”