Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1435: 307: Trash should stay in the trash can! 3

Translator: 549690339

Professor Yue’s years of leadership were not in vain.

She knew how to control the overall situation without being noticed.

“No matter what time it was, people would always subconsciously lean toward the weak side. ”

“As long as she showed weakness, admitted defeat, and acted as if she was aloof from worldly affairs, she could easily control the overall situation! ”

Just like now.

“”Teacher, you’ve brought us up for so many years. We’ve long treated you as a family member. Now that you’ve suffered, we naturally have to seek justice for you!”After saying that, Sun Yu looked at the crowd, then, she said, “Don’t you all agree with me?” ”

“”Yes!”! Sun Yu was right! Professor Yue, we know that you’re a good person and don’t want to be calculative with those people, but if you can suffer this injustice, we can’t! “If Miss Ye can chase you out of the base today, who knows what she’ll do tomorrow! “Therefore, we must let Master Five Give You Justice!” ”

Ye Zao was really too arrogant!

He relied on the fact that he got first place in the science and technology competition and couldn’t see himself clearly.

“No matter what, Professor Yue was still a senior. ”

“When Professor Yue was doing scientific research, Ye Zao hadn’t taken shape yet! ”

But what about ye Zao!

“Not only did he not respect professor Yue, he even tried to sow discord in front of CEN Shaoqing, wanting to drive professor Yue out of the base! ”

Their department was not so easy to bully.

“If ye Zao wanted to bully them, he had really found the wrong person! ”

“Sun Yu stood in front of everyone and raised her hands. “Everyone, quiet down and listen to me.” ”

“Hearing this, the air immediately quieted down. ”

“Sun Yu continued, “I propose that all fifty people in our department go on strike and request master five to punish ye Zao and give Professor Yue Justice. We don’t have any objections, right?” ”

“No objections.”

“Sun Yu looked at everyone. “If anyone has any objections, please raise your hands now.” ”

“Among the fifty people, no one raised their hands. ”

“Usually, under Tang Xue’s instigation, these people had long been filled with malice towards ye Zao. They could not wait for ye Zao’s aircraft carrier plan to be announced as soon as possible and for ye Zao to leave the base as soon as possible. How could they have any objections! ! ”

“”Alright.”Sun Yu looked at everyone, then, she said, “Then let’s start writing the Joint Letter Now! The contents will be edited by Fatty. After fatty edits it, we will sign it. Fatty, can you finish writing the joint letter within half an hour?” ”

“No problem.”Fatty made an ‘OK’gesture.

Sun Yu nodded. “Then let’s begin.”

“Professor Yue’s eyes were red as he bowed to everyone. “Thank you, thank you everyone. I, Yue, will remember your kindness.” ”

“Fatty immediately walked over and helped professor Yue up. “Professor Yue, don’t say that. You have always been so good to us. This is what we should do.” ”

“Thank you.”Professor Yue was in tears of gratitude.

“Sun Yu walked to Professor Yue’s side. “Professor Yue, don’t worry. This time, we will definitely make ye Zao pay the price.” ”

“Soon, the joint letter was written. The Fat Head handed the joint letter to Sun Yu. “Brother Sun, do you think this is a good way to write it?” ”

“Sun Yu took the joint letter and read it. Then, she said, “Here’s another sentence. Tell master five to remove ye Zao from the Cen family base.” ”

“Ye Zao had made professor Yue suffer so much. Not to mention removing ye Zao’s name, even if ye Zao had to kneel on the ground and kowtow to Professor Yue to apologize, it would not be too much. ”

“The fat head said, “Okay, I’ll add it now.” ”

“Soon, the fat head edited the content again. ”

“After Sun Yu read it, she called everyone over to sign and put their handprints on it. ” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

There were a total of 50 people in the entire department. All of them had signed their names and printed their handprints on it.

“After the joint letter was written, Sun Yu put the letter into the envelope. “I’ll send this joint letter to master five now. Professor Yue, please wait for me here.” ”

“Professor Yue said hesitantly, “Really, really?” ”

“”Professor Yue, for someone like Ye Zhuo, you don’t have to be polite to her. If you were to be polite to her, she would think that you’re easy to bully!” ”

Professor Yue sighed. “Alright.”

Sun Yu nodded. “I’ll be right back.”

“Okay.”

Sun Yu walked towards Cen Shaoqing’s office.

“Soon, she arrived at Cen Shaoqing’s office. ”

“The door was closed and Zhou Yue, who was wearing a suit, was standing at the door. ”

“”Worker Sun, are you looking for master five?”Zhou Yue stopped Sun Yu. ”

Sun Yu nodded. “Yes.”

“Zhou Yue continued, “Master Wu is not in the office now. If you need anything, come back tomorrow.” ”