Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 177: 086: Murder in prison! A big shot in the business world! 5

After lunch, Ye Shu and Ye Sen went to work.

Ye Zao was the only one left in the house.

Ye Zao sat in front of the desk and drew something with her head down. Her expression was focused. The sunlight shone in through the window and coated her eyes with a faint halo.

At this moment, the doorbell rang in the air.

Ye Zao picked up a book and pressed the drawing on it. Then, she walked out to open the door.

The door was opened, but there was no one outside.

Ye Zao frowned slightly. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Could it be that her drawing had made her brain go crazy?

Was she hearing things?

“Who is it? Is anyone there?”

Ye Zao asked, but no one answered.

Just as ye Zao was about to close the door, a figure jumped out from the corner. “Surprise!”

Ye Zao looked at the person in surprise. “Grandma Cen?”

......

“Yezi!”Old Mrs. Cen jogged over, wanting to give ye Zao a warm hug.

However, just as she was about to reach ye Zao, she accidentally slipped and was about to fall to the ground. Ye Zao quickly held her up. “Be careful!”

“Yezi, you’re really good!”Old Mrs. Cen took the opportunity to hug ye Zao.

As expected of the granddaughter-in-law that she valued so much!

Ye Zao touched his nose out of habit. “Usually, the third place in the world.”

“What third place in the world!”Old Mrs. Cen said seriously, “It’s obviously the first place in the world! No. 1!”

Ye Zao was a little embarrassed by old Mrs. Cen’s praise, so he pulled old Mrs. Cen into the living room.

“Grandma Cen, Are You Cold? Do you want to make a cup of milk tea for You?”Although it was early spring, it had been cold for the past few days, so it was still a little cold outside.

“Yezi, you know how to make milk tea?”Old Mrs. Cen asked in surprise.

Ye Zhuo nodded.

“Yezi, you are really amazing!”

With such a powerful Yezi, her great-grandson would definitely be a little genius in the future!

He was good-looking and smart!

Her great-grandson would definitely love her to death.

The more old Mrs. Cen thought about it, the happier she became. It was as if she had already seen her lovely great-grandson.

Ye Zhuo came to the kitchen to make milk tea for Old Mrs. Cen.

Old Mrs. Cen followed him to the kitchen.

The two of them chatted and laughed. The atmosphere in the kitchen was very warm. Although there was a big difference in age between the old and the young, there were no obstacles in communicating.

After a while, the kitchen was filled with the fragrance of milk tea.

Ye Zhuo scooped out a cup of the prepared milk tea and handed it to old Mrs. Cen. “Please drink it slowly. Be careful not to burn it.”

Old Lady Cen blew on it and carefully took a sip. A strong aroma of black tea instantly filled her entire mouth. There was also a faint milk fragrance and caramel smell.

It was really delicious!

Old Lady Cen was born into a noble family. In all these years, what kind of beverage had she not drunk? However, this was the first time she had drunk a purely handmade milk tea.

The taste was secondary.

The thought was the most important.

Such a beautiful and nimble leaf was really letting that sand sculpture of her grandson off!

After drinking the milk tea.

Old Madam Cen continued, “Leaf, are you free tomorrow?”

Tomorrow was Sunday, so ye Zhuo did not have anything important to do. He nodded slightly and said, “I’m free.”

Old Madam Cen grabbed ye Zhuo’s hand and said, “Leaf, then you can come to my house as a guest tomorrow! You cured my head disease the last time, so my daughter-in-law and my eldest grandson want to personally thank you!”

It had been so long, and old Mrs. Cen had always wanted to invite ye Zao to visit her house.

Unfortunately, Ye Zao had never been free.

Ye Zao smiled and said, “Grandma Cen, you have already thanked me many times. Last time, you even brought so many gifts over. You really don’t need to thank me anymore.”

Old Mrs. Cen frowned and said, “Yezi, do you dislike me?”

“Why would I dislike you?”

Old Mrs. Cen continued, “Since you don’t dislike me, why don’t you come over to my house tomorrow to play? I didn’t just want to thank you. Look, I’ve already familiarized myself with your house, but you haven’t even been to my house once!”! “Yezi, are we still friends?”

Of course, she didn’t just want to thank Ye Zhuo.

She also wanted Cen Shaoqing to meet ye Zao.

Ye Zao was so beautiful that old Madam Cen did not believe that he would not be moved!

Since old Madam Cen had already said so, ye Zao could not refuse. “Since that’s the case, then I will respectfully comply! Where is your house? I will go there tomorrow morning.”

Hearing this, Old Madam Cen’s eyes lit up. She was really too excited!

The plan to finally lure her granddaughter-in-law back home had finally taken a step forward.

She had finally taken a step forward.

She was simply the number one invincible good grandmother in the universe!

“Zao Zao! Then we have an agreement. When the time comes, you are not allowed to stand me up!”