Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1779: 365: teach him a lesson! 2

Translator: 549690339

“Lin Qingxuan had been waiting for this child for many years. At this moment, she was afraid that it would melt in her mouth, and she was afraid that she would fall if she held it in her hands. ”

“”Our Doudou should be called future brother-in-law, okay?”Lin qingxuan smiled and said, “Oh, our Doudou can’t speak yet, right?” ”

“”Fourth uncle,”Cen Shaoqing took out a red packet, “This is a red packet for Doudou.” ”

“Lin Qingxuan immediately rejected, “Shaoqing, look at you, why are you taking a red packet the moment you come! We can’t accept this.” ”

“Cen Shaoqing stuffed the thick red packet into Lin Qingxuan’s hand, “Fourth uncle, Grandma specially asked me to bring this over, saying that it’s a red packet for DOU DOU to add blessings and longevity. You Can’t reject it.” ”

“Cen Lin’s old lady was already over ninety years old this year. In the capital, as long as she reached ninety years old, she would be the existence of a longevity star and a lucky star. Giving a red packet to a longevity star was equivalent to sharing one’s blessings with a child, this kind of red packet could not be rejected. ”

“Once rejected, it was equivalent to rejecting the fortune and longevity that came with it. ”

The meaning was not good.

“In addition, this was also the old lady’s goodwill. ”

“Hearing this, Lin Qingxuan did not reject anymore and smiled. “Alright, I’ll accept it. Shaoqing, go back and thank the old lady for me.” ”

“Cen Shaoqing put away the Buddhist beads. “We’re all on the same side. Fourth Uncle, you’re too polite.” ”

Ye Zhuo looked at Cen Shaoqing and teased him. “Aren’t you going to hug Doudou?”

Hug?

Cen Shaoqing was stunned.

Why would he hug such a small child.

Cen Shaoqing took a step back. “Doesn’t he know how to recognize strangers?”

“Lin qingxuan smiled and said, “How can such a small child know how to recognize strangers? It will take at least four months for him to recognize strangers.”Although Lin Qingxuan had never raised a child before, he had never raised a child before, however, he had often been to the orphanage before, so he knew more about children. ”

Ye Zhuo took Doudou from Lin Qingxuan’s hand and looked at Cen Shaoqing. “Try it. He won’t recognize strangers.”

Cen Shaoqing took Doudou with both his stiff hands.

“He had carried cousin Ye Zhuo’s child before, but that child was already on the verge of walking. This was the first time he was carrying a newborn. ”

“The newborn child was very light, weighing less than six pounds. It looked small and Cen Shaoqing didn’t dare to use too much strength. He was afraid that he would hurt the child if he used too much strength, so he was very careful. Therefore, his actions were quite comical. ”

“Seeing him like this, ye Zao laughed softly. “Mr. Cen, is there a need to be so exaggerated?” ”

“”He’s too young.”CEN Shaoqing continued, “Leader, quickly come and carry him. I Can’t hold him anymore!”Especially when the child was moving around suspiciously, that feeling was as if the child was about to fall. ”

“”It’s fine. You’ll get used to it.”Ye Zao said, “Actually, children are very easy to hug. Don’t be so nervous. If you’re nervous, Doudou will be nervous too. Look at his wrinkled face.” ”

Cen Shaoqing:”...”he really didn’t know how to hug a child.

“At this moment, ye Shu walked over and took Doudou from Cen Shaoqing’s hands. She glanced at ye Zao and said, “Zao Zao, why are you teasing Shaoqing!” ”

“Cen Shaoqing looked at ye Shu gratefully. “Thank you, Aunty.” ”

“”You’re welcome.”Ye Shu continued, “Shaoqing, let me teach you. In the future, when you hug a child like this, the posture you used just now is not right.” ”

Cen Shaoqing nodded and walked to ye Zao’s side. His palms were covered in a layer of sweat.

So there were so many tricks to hugging a child!

“Seeing Cen Shaoqing like this, ye Zao teased, “Don’t you usually look pretty good? Why Don’t you even know how to hug a child?” ”

“”He’s too young.”Cen Shaoqing touched his nose. “I keep feeling like it’s going to leak out. If I hug him too tightly, I’m afraid I’ll hurt him.” ”

“Cen Shaoqing was about 1.9 meters tall, and Doudou was less than six pounds. When he carried Doudou, the scene was especially humorous. ”

Ye Zhuo could not help but laugh a few times.

“Cen Shaoqing lowered his head to look at ye Zhuo and continued, “Leader, do you like children?” ”

“I do.”

“CEN Shaoqing said, “Then let’s have a daughter from now on.”Having a daughter that looked like ye Zhuo, just thinking about it was a beautiful scene. ”

Cen Shaoqing felt that his previous thoughts were a little ridiculous.

He actually wanted to have five or six children with Ye Zhuo!

“Having a daughter, he could practice more and help to take care of the children. If he gave birth to five or six children, just thinking about it made him feel a headache. ”

It was really too difficult to take care of a child! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Is it getting dark?”Ye Zhuo asked.

“”No,”Cen Shaoqing answered. ”

Ye Zhuo raised his eyebrows slightly. “Then why are you daydreaming!”

“”Leader, if you don’t want to have a child, we can also become a Dink family.”CEN Shaoqing continued, “After all, we can’t control the matter of giving birth. Who knows if the child will be a daughter.” ”