Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1783: 365: teach the scum a lesson! 6

Translator: 549690339

“Zhou Yuelian and the rest had something to do later, so they stayed in the ward for a while before saying goodbye. ”

“Ye Shu said, “It’s not easy to hail a taxi in Beijing. Let zhuozhuo send you guys off. Zhuozhuo’s driving skills are very good.” ”

“Ye Zhuo picked up the car keys on the table. “Auntie Lian, Uncle Lin, I’ll send you guys over.” ”

“Zhou Yuelian did not pretend to be polite to ye Zhuozhuo. She smiled and said, “Alright, then I’ll have to trouble you, Zhuozhuo.” ”

“”Auntie, what are you talking about?” ”

“Cen Shaoqing quietly picked up his coat from the chair and followed ye Zao’s footsteps. He stood beside her and said in a low voice, “Leader, I’ll go with you.” ”

“Okay.”Ye Zao nodded slightly.

“Cen Shaoqing said that he would accompany ye Zao, but in fact, Cen Shaoqing was acting as the driver. ”

Ye Zao sat in the back seat and chatted with Zhou Yuelian.

“”Aunt Lian, did you and uncle go to visit sister Sha Sha on this trip?” ”

“Zhou Yuelian shook her head. “Not yet. I plan to visit her tomorrow. Oh right, Zao Zao, I asked you to help introduce Weiwei to a girlfriend last time. How are things going between the two of them now?” ”

Zhou Yuelian was anxious to be a grandmother and was very concerned about Lin Weiwei’s marriage.

Ye Zhuo had been a little busy recently and had forgotten to ask how things were going between Li Yueyue and Lin Weiwei!

“I didn’t ask. Did you ask Brother Weiwei?”Ye Zhuo asked.

“Zhou Yuelian said a little angrily, “Every time I ask this question, he won’t reply to me! I wonder what this child is thinking! Did he even have a chat with that little girl? ! “Your uncle and I have also made some money from our business during this period of time. What we’re saying now is, if the two of them can succeed, ask the little girl where she wants to develop in the future. I’ll buy an apartment for Wei Wei in advance.” ”

“The most important conditions for a girl to get married nowadays were three: an apartment, a car, and a betrothal gift. ”

“In the past, when Zhou Yuelian thought about these things, her scalp would go numb. This was because their salary was too low and they could barely maintain a basic life. It was nothing like now. Ever since she listened to ye Zhuo’s suggestion to start a business.., zhou Yuelian’s family’s days were getting more and more prosperous. Now, there were no problems with the car, house, betrothal gifts, and so on. They even had the possibility of merging into a wealthy family. ”

“Ye Zao smiled at Zhou Yuelian and continued, “It just so happens that I’m going back to school. I’ll help you ask around. I’ll call you again when the time comes.” ”

“”Okay, okay, okay. Help me ask around.”Zhou Yuelian patted ye Zao’s hand and continued, “Zao Zao, I’ll leave this matter to you.” ”

“”Aunt Lian, this is what I should do. You’re too polite.” ”

“Soon, the car arrived at the address. ”

“Zhou Yuelian smiled and said, “Zao Zao, I’ve troubled you to make a trip with Shaoqing! Hurry up and go back!” ”

“Ye Zao said, “Aunt Lian, you’re too polite. We’re all on the same side. What trouble are you talking about! ? Then we’ll take our leave first.” ”

“”Drive slowly on the road,”Zhou Yuelian instructed. ”

“Don’t worry.”

“Seeing the Maybach disappear in front of them.., zhou yuelian sighed, “Zao is such a good kid. He has good taste in finding boyfriends!”! If Shasha could find such a boyfriend, not to mention half of Shaoqing’s, even if it was one-tenth of Shaoqing’s, I would still be able to laugh in my dreams.” ”

“Lin Shasha was good at everything, but her taste in picking boyfriends was too bad. She had been deceived so miserably by Zhang Qiang! ”

Zhou Yuelian really hoped that Lin Shasha would learn from her mistakes. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“”Our children and grandchildren will have their own blessings. It’s useless for us to be anxious about this,”lin jinshui continued, “The time that we promised President Xu and the others is almost up. Let’s go quickly.” ”