Chapter 1784: 366: We Must Get It! 1

Translator: 549690339

They had agreed to meet president Xu at 2:00 pm. It was already 1:40 pm.

“”Okay.”Zhou Yuelian nodded. Lin Jinshui was right. Children and grandchildren had their own blessings. As elders, it was useless to be anxious. In a moment, she caught up with Lin Jinshui’s footsteps. ”

The two of them walked in together.

The agreed-upon meeting place was a high-end coffee shop.

“After the two of them entered, a waiter immediately came out to welcome them. “Hello, how many of you are there?” ”

“Zhou Yuelian said, “My surname is Zhou. I have an appointment.” ”

“The waiter immediately reacted. “It’s Ms. Zhou and Mr. Lin, right? This way, please.” ”

“Okay.”

The waiter brought the two of them to a beautiful booth.

“After waiting for about ten minutes, a beautiful middle-aged woman walked over. ”

“Her hair was tied up high, and she looked smart and capable. ”

“When they saw who it was, Zhou Yuelian and Lin Jinshui immediately stood up. “Chief Xu.” ”

Xu Chaonan nodded. “Sit.”

“Zhou Yuelian handed the menu to Xu Chaonan. “Chief Xu, what would you like to drink?” ”

Xu Chaonan immediately raised his hand to reject. “A glass of lemonade will do.”

Zhou Yuelian nodded and instructed the waiter to serve a glass of lemonade.

Xu Chaonan went straight to the point. “Have the two of you brought the proposal?”

“”Yes, we have.”Zhou Yuelian immediately handed the proposal to Xu Chaonan. ”

“Xu Chaonan took the proposal, and a satisfied look appeared in his eyes. “Next Tuesday, our group will hold a tender. Don’t be late.” ”

“Xu Chaonan took the initiative to mention bidding, so this matter was more or less settled. ”

“”Okay.”Zhou Yuelian smiled and said, “Don’t worry, President Xu. When the time comes, we’ll definitely be there on time.” ”

“Okay.”

“”Auntie.”At this moment, a female voice appeared in the air. ”

Zhou Yuelian looked up and saw a young girl walking over. She looked very much like Xu Chaonan.

Xu Chaonan nodded. “Xiaoxiao.”

“”Aunt, why are you here?”Xu Xiaoxiao asked. ”

“Xu Chaonan said, “We need to talk about something. This is Mr. Lin and this is Mrs. Lin.” ”

“After he said that, Xu Chaonan turned to look at Lin Jinshui and Zhou Yuelian. “This is my niece, Xu Xiaoxiao.” ”

“Xu Xiao said politely, “Mr. Lin and Mrs. Lin.” ”

“Zhou Yuelian smiled and said, “Miss Xu, you really look like President Xu.” ”

“Hearing this, the corners of Xu Xiao’s mouth curled up. It could be seen that she valued this niece of hers very much. ”

“Xu Xiao continued, “Aunt, how much longer do you have? I’ll go out for a walk first.” ”

“”We’ve already discussed it.”Xu Chaonan picked up the bag on the table and continued, “The two of you will arrive at 10 o’clock on Tuesday morning. Remember to be punctual.” ”

“”Alright, don’t worry, President Xu. We’ll definitely be there on time.”Zhou Yuelian and Lin Jinshui stood up to send Xu Chaonan and Xu Xiao off. ”

“Xu Xiao hugged Xu Chaonan’s arm and asked in a low voice, “Auntie, where are those two people from?” ”

“”They’re from Yun Jing,”Xu Chaonan replied. ”

Xu Xiao scoffed. “No Wonder.”

“What’s Wrong?”Xu Chaonan asked.

“Xu Xiao continued, “Judging from their attire, they don’t look like people from the upper class.”In a small place like Yun Jing, what kind of big shot could they be? ”

“Hearing this, Xu Chaonan frowned slightly. “Xiao Xiao, what did I tell you usually? You Can’t look down on anyone at any time!”A person’s potential was limitless. ”

“Even though Lin Jinshui and Zhou Yuelian were only small entrepreneurs, who knew when they would rise to the top! ” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Xu Chaonan would never look down on anyone because of their current living conditions. She only looked down on those who did not have any ambition.

Those who did not have any ambition were the scariest.

“Xu Xiao stuck out her tongue. “Auntie, I got it.” ”

“”You!”Xu Chaonan continued, “No class today?” ”

“”No class.”Xu Xiao said, “My mom said that you haven’t rested for almost a month and asked me to accompany you! Coincidentally, I bumped into you at the coffee shop!” ”

“After saying that, Xu Xiao continued, “Auntie, let’s go for a full-body spa. Let’s relax a little.” ”

“Xu Chaonan looked at the schedule on his phone and was about to refuse when he was stopped by Xu Xiao. “Auntie, you can’t earn all the money! Health is the most important thing. Let’s go for a SPA first!” ”

“Alright.”

The two of them walked towards the beauty shop.

“Just as they walked into the shop, they were greeted by a noblewoman. “Ah! Isn’t this President Xu?” ”

Xu Chaonan nodded. “Mrs. Zhao.”