Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1785: 366: I Must Get It! 2

Translator: 549690339

“Unlike Xu Chaonan, Mrs. Zhao was dressed like a little girl, “I really didn’t expect a busy person like you to come to a beauty salon!”! “Xu Chaonan is a workaholic. He doesn’t dress well and doesn’t pay attention to his clothes. It’s like he’s married to work. It’s really surprising to see Xu Chaonan in a beauty salon.”. ”

“”Mrs. Zhao is joking.”Xu Chaonan continued, “People always need to relax. The body is the capital of a revolution.” ”

“”President Xu is right.”After saying that, Mrs. Zhao looked at Xu Xiao who was beside Xu Chaonan and said curiously, “Oh right, this is your daughter, right? She really looks like you!” ”

“Xu Chaonan said, “This is my niece, Xu Xiao. Xiao Xiao, this is Mrs. Zhao.” ”

“Xu Xiao was a discerning person. She could naturally tell that Mrs. Zhao’s identity was not simple. Compared to the couple just now, they were like heaven and earth, she immediately said, “Hello, Auntie Zhao. My name is Xu Xiao. You can just call me Xiao Xiao.” ”

“”Niece?”Mrs. Zhao said in surprise, “Seeing how close you two are, I thought you two were mother and daughter!” ”

Xu Xiao’s tone was sweet. “My Aunt Treats me better than my mother. Many people mistakenly think that my aunt and I are mother and daughter.”

“Mrs. Zhao looked at Xu Chaonan. “President Xu, this niece of yours is not in vain.” ”

“”Thank you,”Xu Chaonan said with a smile. ”

“She also liked Xu Xiao very much. Although Xu Xiao was not born from her womb, she treated her as her own. ”

“When he chaonan heard Mrs. Zhao ask if they were mother and daughter, he Chaonan was very happy. Although she and Xu Xiao were not mother and daughter, the relationship between them was better than many biological mother and daughter. Furthermore.., xu Xiao looked especially like Xu Chaonan. ”

“Mrs. Zhao was stunned. Usually, when she looked at Xu Chaonan with a straight face, she thought that Xu Chaonan would not smile. She did not expect Xu Chaonan to just not want to smile. ”

“Mrs. Zhao continued, “President Xu, I have to go back first. Let’s have tea together when we have time.” ”

“”Okay, Mrs. Zhao.” ”

“Xu Xiao said, “Goodbye, Auntie Zhao.” ”

“Goodbye.”

On the other side.

“After seeing Xu Chaonan, Zhou Yuelian and Lin Jinshui bought a bunch of food and went to the school to look for Lin Shasha. ”

“Knowing that her parents were coming, Lin Shasha waited at the school gate in advance. ”

“Mom and Dad!”

Lin Shasha jogged over. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Shasha.”

“Lin Shasha took the food from her parents’hands and continued, “I can buy anything at school. Why did you bring so much food?” ”

“Zhou Yuelian said, “I gave you money, but you didn’t want it! What do you think, you child? Our family is not in the past! Can’t you even afford your living expenses and school fees?” ”

“Ever since Lin Shasha reported, she had not spent a single cent of the family’s money. Her living expenses and school fees were all earned by working part-time! She rarely had free time to rest. ”

“The Lin family’s parents loved their daughter, but they gave money to Lin Shasha, but she did not want it. So they had to buy a bunch of food to visit Lin Shasha, afraid that Lin Shasha could not keep up with her nutrition. ”

“Lin Shasha smiled and said, “There are many people working part-time and studying part-time! I’m not the only one! Many students in our class are like this!” ”

“”You seem to have lost a lot of weight!”Zhou Yuelian held Lin Shasha’s hand. “By the way, your father and I went to see your Auntie.” ”

“”Really?”Lin Shasha asked, “Is Auntie’s baby cute?” ”

“”Yes,”Zhou Yuelian continued, “I heard that burning gave it a name.” ”

“What’s it called?”Lin Shasha asked.

“Zhou Yuelian thought for a moment, “I really forgot what it’s called! I think it’s called Lin Zi, right?” ”

“”Lin Zi?”Lin Shasha frowned slightly, “What does this name mean?” ”

It sounded a little strange.

“”It’s the elegance of a refined person,”Lin Jinshui answered. ”

“Although Lin Jinshui was only a primary school graduate, he was really cultured. ”

“He was familiar with history and the spring and Autumn period. His favorite thing was to talk about history with others, and he often imagined that he was Xiang Yu. ”

“Lin Zhi?”Lin Shasha asked.

“Yes.”Lin Jinshui nodded.

“As expected of burning. That’s a good name!”

“Zhou Yuelian smiled and said, “When you have children in the future, let burning name them too.” ”

“Lin Shasha said, “Mom, you’re really thinking far ahead! By the way, didn’t you ask burning to introduce Weiwei to someone? It’s more like asking burning to name Weiwei’s children.” ”

“Right now, Lin Sha only wanted to study hard and find a better future for herself. ”

“As for marriage, she hadn’t thought about it yet! ”