Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

“Chapter 1791: 368: surviving a desperate situation, Miss Ye is a miracle! 2”

Translator: 549690339

“Soon, the night of Mars arrived. ”

The cold wind whistled.

“Unlike Earth, the night of Mars was brighter. ”

“After walking for a day, he still did not walk out of the desert, nor did he drink a drop of water. Yu Zifei sat on the ground, exhausted. ”

“At this moment, he suddenly saw a person lying on the ground in front of him. ”

Who was that?

The Little Assistant?

“Thinking of this, Yu Zifei immediately stood up from the ground and quickly ran ahead. ”

“Li Xiang! Li Xiang!”

“When the person lying on the ground heard Yu Zifei’s voice, he moved. Then, he raised his head and looked over. His eyes instantly became moist! He almost thought that he was hallucinating! ”

“”Yu, team leader Yu!” ”

“After Li Xiang jumped down from Fei Xiang, he fell here. At this moment, when he saw that Yu Zifei was also here, he was extremely excited. ”

“”Li Xiang! It’s really you!”Yu Zifei ran over and pulled the assistant up from the ground. “Come, Get Up!” ”

“The assistant stood up and cried, “Team leader Yu, it’s really you! That’s great! I thought I would never see you again!” ”

“Don’t Cry Like a man!”Yu Zifei wiped away the assistant’s tears. “Don’t be afraid! We will all survive!”

“”But my communicator is broken. Team leader Yu, is your communicator good?”The assistant continued to ask. ”

Yu Zifei shook her head.

“Hearing this, the light in the assistant’s eyes instantly disappeared without a trace. ”

“This was the southern hemisphere of Mars. If they couldn’t contact the base, the only thing waiting for them was death. ”

“Yu Zifei saw through the assistant’s thoughts and patted her on the shoulder. “Don’t be so pessimistic. We have to believe in the base, and we have to believe in Miss Ye!” ”

“Yes.”The little assistant nodded.

“Yu Zifei continued, “Are you hurt anywhere?” ”

“”I think I twisted my foot,”the little assistant said. ”

“Yu Zifei said, “Which foot?” ”

“”My right foot,”the little assistant answered. ”

“Yu Zifei continued, “Sit down and take off your shoes.” ”

The little assistant was stunned. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Yu Zifei repeated what he had just said.

The assistant did as he was told.

“Yu Zifei half-squatted down and lifted the assistant’s right foot. He then said, “It might hurt a little. Bear with it.” ”

“”OH.”The assistant nodded and continued, “Team leader Yu, do you know how to set bones?” ”

“”I’ve studied martial arts before, so I know a little.”When they practiced martial arts, sprains often occurred, so the coach taught them this first aid method. ”

Yu Zifei looked at the little assistant’s foot.

“The little assistant said nervously, “Team leader Yu, I’m afraid of Pain. Please be gentle.” ”

“Okay.”Yu Zifei nodded slightly.

“The next second, Yu Zifei seemed to have seen something. He pointed to the horizon and said in surprise, “Li Xiang, look over there. What is that?” ”

“Where?”Li Xiang wanted to turn back to look.

It was now.

PA!

Yu Zifei exerted force and directly reconnected the little assistant’s dislocated joints.

“Ah!”The little assistant instantly lost his voice and screamed.

“”Stop screaming. Stand up and walk,”Yu Zifei said. ”

“The little assistant glanced at Yu Zifei, stood up, and tried to walk two steps. Then he said in surprise, “It doesn’t hurt anymore, it really doesn’t hurt anymore! Team leader Yu, you’re really amazing!” ”

Yu Zifei smiled.

“”Oh right, team leader Yu, you must not have eaten anything yet, right? I still have some biscuits here. Eat them first to fill your stomach.”The little assistant took out two biscuits from her pocket and handed them to Yu Zifei. ”

“Yu Zifei had indeed not eaten anything for a long time. When he saw the little assistant take out food, his eyes lit up. “Where did you get them?” ”

“”I brought it with me. I just ate some and there are only two left. You can use it as a cushion.”Although there were not many biscuits, it was better than nothing. ”

It was better than nothing.

Yu Zifei handed one to the little assistant. “I’ll just eat one.”

“The little assistant said, “I really ate it just now. You should eat these two quickly!” ”

“The little assistant did not eat it, so Yu Zi had no choice but to eat one and put the other one in her pocket. ”

“She did not know when she would be able to walk out. Although it was only a biscuit, it could save her life at the critical moment. ”

“After eating a compressed biscuit, her physical strength recovered a little. ”

“The little assistant continued, “Team leader Yu, which direction should we go next?” ”

“”The northwest direction,”Yu Zifei said. ”

“Okay.”

The two of them walked in the northwest direction. Their footsteps were heavy and they were exhausted.

“On this side, Ye Zhuo had been using the satellite to find the two of them. ”