Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1810: 372: I’ve seen through their true colors! 3

Translator: 549690339

Is there a season for being busy?

“Besides, aren’t some large listed companies usually busier in the second half of the year? ”

Why isn’t Li Yueyue’s family busy right now?

“Ouyang Nai tried her best to calm herself down and continued, “What does uncle and Auntie Do? My parents have been busy to death recently!” ”

“”Herding sheep!”Li Yueyue said, “The cows and sheep have already been sold in this season. Of course they’re not busy.” ”

Herding sheep?

Li Yueyue’s parents were actually herding sheep!

Ouyang Nai felt that he was being teased!

He had wooed Li Yueyue because he heard that she was the second generation of a rich family and that her family was especially rich.

He did not expect...

He did not expect that Li Yueyue’s family was actually herding sheep.

Ouyang Nai’s parents were both senior executives!

Senior executives and herders?

Wasn’t this a big joke?

No wonder Li Yueyue had not given him a single luxury gift after being together with her for so long!

“If Li Yueyue was really a rich second generation, would she not even give him a decent gift? ”

So Li Yueyue was the daughter of a sheep herder!

“Thinking that Li Yueyue was not only born ordinary, but also the daughter of a sheep herder, Ouyang Nai felt suffocated. ”

He felt that he had been deceived by Li Yueyue.

“But on second thought, maybe Li Yueyue was testing him. ”

He couldn’t miss out on a rich second-generation girlfriend just because of one test.

“After thinking for a while, ouyang NAI continued, “Yueyue, you must be joking with me. What era is this...” ” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Li Yueyue smiled and said, “What era is it that people raise sheep? If we don’t raise sheep, what do you people in the City Eat? Synthetic meat?” ”

“Ouyang Nai maintained her smile and said, “I haven’t seen a sheep yet! I must go to your house to take a look when I have time!” ”

“”Okay!”Li Yueyue nodded as if she remembered something and continued, “Oh right, I want to show you something!” ”

“What is it?”Ouyang Nai asked.

“This.”Li Yueyue took out her phone and showed a picture to Ouyang Nai. “Look.”

The picture was of Li Yueyue and a little fat sheep.

The little fat sheep was super cute while Li Yueyue was smiling very happily.

“Li Yueyue continued, “This little sheep was just born when its mother died. I raised it with my own hands, so it’s very close to me! “No matter when, as soon as I call its name. “It will immediately run to my side! “Guess what its name is?” ”

“Looking at the photo of Li Yueyue and the little fat sheep, Ouyang Nai frowned without looking for any traces. ”

“This Li Yueyue’s family couldn’t really be raising sheep, right? ”

“”I, I can’t guess.”Actually, at this moment, Ouyang NAI’s expression could already see some clues, but Li Yueyue’s nerves were thicker, so she couldn’t see it. ”

“Li Yueyue continued, “It’s called Fatty, look at how cute fatty is!”Li Yueyue loved the little sheep that she raised with her own hands very much, and specifically reminded her parents that after she came to the capital city to attend school, she must take good care of her little sheep, and must not sell them.., she could not kill it either. ”

“Therefore, chubby became the happiest lamb in the entire grassland. ”

“Li Yueyue continued, “You can come to my house to play during winter vacation! Chubby is at my house right now. My parents even said that chubby will be my dowry!” ”

Dowry?

A Lamb?

What kind of international joke was this?

“Nowadays, when girls in Beijing got married, which one of them did not have several houses and cars as dowry? ”

Li Yueyue’s dowry was actually a sheep!

“Ouyang Nai picked up the cup and took a sip of coffee, then said, “That Yueyue.” ”

“What’s Wrong?”Li Yueyue raised her head and looked at Ouyang Nai.

“Ouyang nai continued, “That, I suddenly remembered that I still have something to do! I Won’t talk to You Anymore!” ”

“”Yes, yes!”Li Yueyue quickly nodded, “If you have something to do, you can go and do it.” ”

Ouyang Nai picked up the phone on the table and ran away.

“Looking at Ouyang Nai’s back, Li Yueyue didn’t think too much. She just thought that Ouyang Nai was too busy! ”

“After all, Ouyang Nai was already a senior this year! ”

Being a senior wasn’t easy to begin with.

“After returning to school, Ouyang Nai asked her junior sister from the same department to find Li Yueyue’s new roommate and ask about the situation. ”

“The junior sister came back very quickly. She looked at Ouyang Nai and said, “Senior brother, I have found out everything you asked me to find out.” ”

“What do you mean?”Ouyang Nai asked.

“The junior sister said, “Well, Li Yueyue’s family does raise sheep. “I heard that every time during the holidays, she would bring a lot of beef jerky, mutton jerky, and cheese products for everyone. Besides, everyone in her dorm knows her family raises sheep.” ”