Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1811: 372: see through her true colors! 4

Translator: 549690339

So she really is a sheep farmer!

Ouyang Nai was instantly dumbfounded!

He originally hoped that Li Yueyue was testing him.

He didn’t expect...

He didn’t expect Li Yueyue to be the daughter of a herdsman.

“Thinking that he actually pursued the daughter of a herdsman and even became a boyfriend and girlfriend with the daughter of a herdsman, Ouyang Nai felt extremely disgusted! ”

“If he had known that Li Yueyue’s family was herdsman, he would not have been together with Li Yueyue no matter what. ”

It was too degrading!

He was the son of a high-ranking manager and had received the best education ever since he was young. He ate the best milk powder and lived in the most expensive residential area in Beijing!

What about Li Yueyue?

Perhaps her family still lived in a straw house up until now.

“Li Yueyue was too disgusting. She was clearly not some rich second generation, rich and beautiful, but she pretended to be rich and beautiful. ”

Did she really think that she could get a rich husband just like that?

How could there be such a disgusting woman in the world?

Ouyang nai immediately called Cheng Qian.

“At that time, Cheng Qian was the one who told him that Li Yueyue was a rich and beautiful woman. Her family was super rich, and her father had flown her to school directly. ”

“When she received the call from Ouyang Nai, cheng Qian smiled and said, “Why are you so anxious! Am I the kind of person who lies? Besides, what is our relationship? Why should I lie to you because of an outsider? What benefits does this have for me! ! Let me tell you, not only is Li Yueyue a fair, rich, and beautiful woman, she is also a Super Fair, rich, and beautiful woman! If you miss her, you will definitely regret it!” ”

“Cheng Qian had once witnessed Li Yueyue alighting from a private plane. Moreover, although Li Yueyue never wore any branded clothes, the material of her clothes was not bad either. It was definitely not something that an ordinary person could afford to wear. ”

“Ouyang nai said, “I’ve already asked her roommates. All of their roommates know that some of their families raise sheep! Cheng Qian, don’t lie to me!” ”

“Cheng Qian said, “Don’t you understand that rich people keep a low profile? Besides, don’t you think that she’s testing you? Aiya, it’s up to you. If you think that I’m lying to you, then break up with Li Yueyue! “In any case, don’t regret it in the future!” ”

“Hearing this, Ouyang Nai hesitated again. ”

What if Li Yueyue was really rich and beautiful?

Wouldn’t he miss it?

No.

No.

He couldn’t Miss Li Yueyue.

“Seeing that Ouyang Nai didn’t speak for a long time, Cheng Qian continued, “Xiao Nai, you’re my brother. Do you think I can lie to you? I saw Li Yueyue get off the private plane with my own eyes that day! How could it be fake?” ”

“Ouyang Nai was silent for a moment before she continued, “Alright, I understand.” ”

“Cheng Qian smiled, then, she said, “The two of you are only in a relationship now, not getting married. Don’t be so impulsive. You have to understand the situation first. “If I am really wrong and that Li Yueyue is a fake, you can just break up directly! “Remember, don’t touch her body until you’re sure that she’s testing you!” ”

“If Li Yueyue was really the second generation of a rich man, Ouyang Nai would make Li Yueyue pregnant, and Ouyang Nai would be able to rely on his father! ”

“However, if Li Yueyue was a second generation of a rich man, Ouyang Nai would be trying to take advantage of her. ”

“On the other hand, Li Yueyue would be entangled with Ouyang Nai. After all, Ouyang Nai was the son of a senior executive. Li Yueyue, a sheep herder, was lucky enough to marry Ouyang Nai! ”

“”Yes, I will,”Ouyang Nai said. ”

“Take care of yourself. Call me if you need anything.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“After hanging up the phone, Ouyang Nai’s mood was much better. ”

Ye Zhuo received a summons from his mentor to come to the laboratory to do an experiment.

“After the experiment was over, Li Yueyue dragged ye Zhuo to the back street to eat. ”

“”Zhonghua, Ouyang Nai and I are already together.” ”

Ye Zao nodded slightly. “I know.”

“Li Yueyue was a little speechless and said, “Zao Zao, your reaction is too calm! Could it be that the news of Ouyang Nai and I being together has not shocked you at all?” ”

Ye Zao smiled and looked back. “I was already shocked a week ago.”

Only then did Li Yueyue remember that she had told ye Zao before she officially confirmed their relationship.

“After saying that, ye Zao continued, “How does it feel to be in a relationship?” ”

“”It’s pretty good.”Li yueyue nodded and continued, “Ouyang Nai also said that she wanted to visit my house! Do you think this means that she wants to meet her parents?” ”

“Ouyang Nai was handsome and satisfied Li Yueyue’s expectations of her boyfriend. In addition, Ouyang Nai was Li Yueyue’s first love, so Li Yueyue really liked him. ”