Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1812: 372: see through his true colors! 5

Translator: 549690339

“Knowing that Ouyang Nai wanted to see her parents, Li Yueyue was really very happy. ”

“Ye Zhuo raised his eyebrows slightly and continued, “What did he tell you at that time?” ”

Li Yueyue thought for a moment and then repeated the conversation she had with Ouyang Nai to Ye Zhuo.

“Hearing that, ye Zhuo said, “Are you sure that he said that at that time?” ”

“Yes! I’m sure that’s what he said at that time.”Li Yueyue nodded very seriously. “Is there anything wrong with what he said?”

“Ye Zhuo continued, “I heard that he doesn’t seem to have any intention of going to meet the parents with you.” ”

“He doesn’t want to meet the parents?”Li Yueyue frowned slightly. “Then what does he mean?”

“Ye Zhuo said, “First of all, he asked what kind of work your parents do. This means that he wants to know about your family situation. Yueyue, Ouyang NAI may not necessarily be referring to you to love. Be careful.” ”

“The person who was in a relationship with Ouyang Nai was Li Yueyue, not Li Yueyue’s parents. Why would ouyang Nai ask about Li Yueyue’s parents’occupation? ”

This meant that Ouyang Nai had a motive. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Hearing this, Li Yueyue narrowed her eyes. ”

“Ye Zao’s words could be said to have woken up the person in the dream. Thinking about it this way, after she showed Ouyang Nai the photo of Fatty, Ouyang Nai was a little abnormal! ”

“However, at that time, she felt that Ouyang Nian was too busy, so she didn’t pursue it! ”

Could it be that Ouyang Nai was really with her with some kind of purpose?

“Seeing Li Yueyue like this, ye Zao smiled and said, “Yueyue, this is just my guess. Don’t think too much. Just be careful. Don’t be deceived by people with intentions.” ”

“Okay.”Li Yueyue nodded.

“Because ye Zao still had experiments tomorrow, he did not go back at night. Instead, he stayed in the school dormitory. ”

“She actually liked this kind of university life, but she was too busy. ”

“After leaving the laboratory, she went to have a meal with Li Yueyue. Ye Zao came to the medical base. ”

Li Yueyue received a call from Ouyang Nai.

Ouyang Nai asked her out to watch a movie.

“Hearing this, Li Yueyue was stunned. ”

Ouyang Nai actually wanted to ask her out to watch a movie.

What was going on?

The situation didn’t seem right!

“After hanging up the phone, Li Yueyue gave her parents a call. Then, she went out to watch a movie with Ouyang Nai. ”

The two of them were watching a sad romantic drama today.

The hero and heroine were in love but couldn’t be together. They were torturing people to death.

“Ouyang Nai held Li Yueyue’s hand tightly and said emotionally, “Yueyue, don’t worry. No matter what happens in the future, I won’t let go of your hand.” ”

“If it were before today, Li Yueyue would be very happy. However, after listening to ye Zao’s words yesterday, Li Yueyue had some grudges in her heart. ”

“However, she didn’t show it. She smiled and said, “Really?” ”

“”Of course it’s true.”Ouyang nai said, “When have I ever lied to you!” ”

“At this moment, the sound of a video call rang in the air. ”

“Li Yueyue took out her phone and looked. It was her mother calling. Li Yueyue did not answer immediately. Instead, she turned to look at Ouyang Nai and said, “My mother is calling via video call! Do you want to meet her?” ”

Ouyang Nai was stunned. She could meet Li Yueyue’s parents so soon?

“However, this was also good. Through the video call, it could be seen whether Li Yueyue’s parents were ordinary people or not. ”

“”Okay.”Ouyang nai nodded and said worriedly, “I just don’t know if uncle and Auntie will like me.” ”

“Li Yueyue smiled and said, “Don’t worry. My parents will definitely be very satisfied with you being so handsome!” ”

“Really?”

“Of course it’s true.”

“While they were talking, Li Yueyue picked up the video call. “Dad, Mom.” ”

“”Yueyue, why did you pick up the video call just now? Where did you go just now?”Father Li asked. ”

“Li Yueyue said, “I was watching a movie in there and my phone was muted. Dad, Mom, why are you looking for me?” ”

“Nothing much. I just wanted to ask when you’ll be back since the new year is coming up.”

“”I’ll be back when the holidays are over.”Li Yueyue continued, “By the way, Dad and mom, I want to introduce someone to you.” ”

“Who is it?”Li Yueyue’s parents were very curious.

“Li Yueyue reached out and pulled Ouyang Nai over. “It’s him. Dad and mom, didn’t I tell you before? I found a boyfriend at school. He’s my boyfriend, Ouyang Nai.” ”

“Through the video on her phone, Ouyang Nai saw two sallow and skinny old men. They didn’t look like rich people at all. Moreover, their background was a dilapidated hut. Even the windows weren’t painted properly. ”