Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1813: 372: I’ve seen through his true colors! 6

Translator: 549690339

“Seeing this scene, Ouyang Nai’s heart turned cold. She forced a smile at the Li family’s parents on the other end of the camera. “Hello, uncle and Auntie. I’m Ouyang Nai.” ”

“Mother Li smiled and said, “Hello, Hello! I’m Yueyue’s mother. I heard from Yueyue that you’re a Beijing native, right?” ”

“Yes.”Ouyang Nai nodded.

“”A native is good! I heard that the capital city is much richer than our side!”Mother Li looked at Ouyang Nai with great satisfaction, “Young man, when are you going to play with Yueyue at home? Although our grassland is not as rich as the capital city, I guarantee that you will eat enough beef and mutton! Vomit!” ”

“Hearing this, Ouyang Nai was about to vomit! ”

“Not only was this Li Yueyue not white, rich, and beautiful, she even took a fancy to his household registration in the capital city. ” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

How could she be so disgusting?

Ouyang Nai casually dealt with the Li family’s parents and then returned the phone to Li Yueyue. He felt very uncomfortable.

He had spent a lot of effort to woo Li Yueyue.

Who knew that Li Yueyue was actually a poor household.

Why would fate play such a joke on him?

“A few minutes later, Li Yueyue hung up the video and turned to look at Ouyang Nai. She said with some doubt, “Ouyang, What’s Wrong? You look so ugly. Are you not feeling well?” ”

“”No,”Ouyang Nai smiled. “I’m fine. You Don’t have to worry.” ”

“Li Yueyue nodded. “It’s good that you’re fine. By the way, What Shall We Eat Tonight? How about Japanese food? But I forgot to bring my wallet today. This meal is on you. I’ll Treat You Back Tomorrow.” ”

Forgot to bring his wallet?

Who would pay cash when they went out for dinner now?

Wouldn’t she use Alipay if she forgot to bring her wallet?

He saw that Li Yueyue was trying to take advantage of him.

“Ouyang nai continued, “I suddenly feel a little uncomfortable...” ”

“Hearing that, Li Yueyue said nervously, “AH? Are You Alright? Do you want me to accompany you to the hospital to take a look?” ”

“”No need, no need.”Ouyang Nai hurriedly waved her hand. “I’ll go back and drink some hot water.” ”

“Li Yueyue nodded. “Okay, then I’ll accompany you back.” ”

“Okay.”

Ouyang Nai drove back to the school dormitory.

“After returning to the dormitory, Li Yueyue felt a little uncomfortable. ”

“Although Ouyang Nai did not say it out loud, his attitude was enough to prove everything. ”

Ouyang Nai was indeed pursuing her for something.

“After learning that she was only the daughter of an ordinary herdsman, Ouyang Nai’s attitude immediately changed. ”

She had given her heart to Ouyang Nai.

But what about Ouyang Nai?

Li Yueyue let out a long sigh and sent a message to ye Zao

“Ye Zao replied very quickly, “What’s going on?” ”

“It was hard to explain this in two sentences, so Li Yueyue continued to reply, “Let’s talk when we meet.” ”

“”Okay, I’ll pick you up at the gate of Beijing in ten minutes.” ”

“Okay.”

“After putting the phone back into his pocket, Ye Zhuo looked up at the professor and said, “Professor Liu, I have something to do. I’ll come back tomorrow.” ”

“”Okay, no problem.” ”

Ye Zhuo drove all the way to the underground garage. It took him only five minutes to get to Beijing University.

“When she arrived, Li Yueyue had not arrived yet, so ye Zhuo leaned against the car door and waited for a while. ”

“Six minutes later, Li Yueyue walked out of the school gate. When she saw Ye Zhuo, she jogged over to save him. “Da Zhuozhuo, I’m heartbroken!” ”

“Ye Zhuo smiled and comforted her. “If you don’t go for the old, you won’t come for the new. I’ll treat this as a practice session for you.” ”

“When she heard this, Li Yueyue broke into a smile. “You’re right.” ”

“Ye Zhuo continued, “What’s going on?” ”

Li Yueyue sniffled. “He dislikes my family for raising sheep.”

“Ye Zhuo was not surprised. He continued, “Then where are we going now? Why don’t we... Go have a drink?” ”