“Chapter 1815: 373: a piece of trash, burning when drunk! 2”

Translator: 549690339

A fantasy!

“Ouyang Nai snorted coldly, her eyes filled with ridicule as she replied to Li Yueyue: [ incompatible personality. ] ”

Incompatible personality?

“Li Yueyue curled the corners of her lips, [ is it because of the incompatible personality, or do you think that I’m not worthy of you? ] ”

This Li Yueyue still had some self-awareness!

“Ouyang Nai couldn’t be bothered to talk nonsense with her. [ that’s it, blacklist each other and never contact each other again. ] ”

“Li Yueyue was so angry that her entire body was trembling. She scolded angrily, “Bah! Scumbag!” ”

Disgusting!

“First Love was the most beautiful thing in life, but she met such a disgusting person like Ouyang Nai. ”

“After scolding her, Li Yueyue directly blacklisted Ouyang Nai. ”

“Seeing her like this, ye Zhuo asked, “What’s Wrong?” ”

“”The Scumbag sent me a message!”Li Yueyue said angrily, “Zhuo Zhuo, how can there be such a disgusting person in this world?”If she didn’t see it with her own eyes, Li Yueyue would never believe it, there was such a person like Ouyang Nai in this world. ”

“”It’s not a bad thing to learn from your mistakes,”ye Zhuo said. ”

“Li yueyue sighed and continued, “Zao Zao, how many boyfriends is master five?” ”

“”The first one,”ye Zao answered. ”

“”Really?”Li Yueyue said in surprise, “Then he’s your first love!” ”

“Yes.”Ye Zao nodded slightly.

“”What about him?”Li Yueyue continued to ask, “How many girlfriends are you his?” ”

“Ye Zao said, “I’m also his first love.” ”

Li Yueyue felt like she was stuffed with dog food.

She really did not expect that ye Zao and Cen Shaoqing were each other’s first love.

Especially Cen Shaoqing.

“There was a saying that a man would turn bad if he was rich. It was not uncommon for a rich man to have both his wife and his wife. In real life, Li Yueyue had seen this kind of situation many times. ”

She really did not expect that CEN Shaoqing had not been in a relationship before he met ye Zhuo!

It was really too rare!

Li Yueyue sighed. “I’m really envious of you guys! You met the right person at the right time!”

Ye Zhuo smiled.

“Not long after, the car stopped in front of a high-end bar. ”

A waiter immediately came forward to welcome them. “Hello.”

“Ye Zhuo opened the door and got out of the car. He handed the keys to the waiter and said, “Sorry for the trouble.” ”

“You’re welcome.”

“Ye Zhuo and Li Yue Yue walked into the clear bar. Although it was daytime, there were quite a number of people in the clear bar. It was almost full. ”

“As there were no seats left, Ye Zhuo casually found a table and sat down. ”

It was Li Yue Yue’s first time in the clear bar. She sat on the chair and looked around curiously.

“Soon, a waiter brought the wine list. ”

“Ye Zhuo took the wine list and turned to Li Yueyue. “Yueyue, what would you like to drink?” ”

“What do you have?”Li Yueyue turned her eyes and asked.

“Ye Zhuo said, “I think their family recommended the blue dream starry sky and White Russia.” ”

“I want the Blue Dream Starry Sky!”Li Yueyue said.

“”Okay.”Ye Zhuo nodded slightly and handed the wine list to the waiter. Then, he said, “A cup of Long Island ice tea and a cup of blue dream starry sky.” ”

“”Okay, please wait a moment.”The waiter took the wine list with both hands and turned around to leave. ”

“Li Yueyue looked at ye Zao in surprise. “Big Zao Zao, you want to drink tea in the bar?” ”

“Ye Zao smiled and explained, “Long Island iced tea is a kind of cocktail. The alcohol content is not low. It has nothing to do with tea.” ”

Li Yueyue nodded slightly. “I see! I thought you wanted to drink tea in the bar.”

“Why would I?”

“Soon, the waiter came over with two cups of cocktails. ”

Li Yueyue picked up the blue dreamy starry sky. “This wine is so beautiful! The taste must be very good too.”

“After saying that, Li Yueyue picked up the cup and took a sip of the wine. ”

“The taste was sour and sweet, and there was no taste of the wine at all. ”

“Wow! This wine is so delicious!”Li Yueyue was like a fool who had never entered the city before.

“Ye Zao smiled faintly and continued, “Yueyue, take it easy. The alcohol content of this wine is not low. It has a strong after-effect.” ”

“”I know, I know.”Although she said that she knew, Li Yueyue still drank half a large cup in one gulp. ”

“After drinking one cup, she ordered three more cups. Ye Zao did not stop her. ” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Not only did he not stop her, but he also ordered a few cups for himself. ”

“Ye Zao had always been a little greedy. Now that no one was watching, he could not control himself. ”

“After drinking three cups of Long Island ice tea, Ye Zao’s jade-like face was stained with crimson. ”

His head was also a little dizzy.

“At this moment, the waiter came over with two more cups of cocktails. ”

“Looking at the cocktails on the table, ye Zao frowned slightly. “I didn’t order these two cups of wine, did I?” ”