Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 190: 088: Big Brother Zao came online and finally found her! 3

Mu Yourong entered the top five of her age group this time.

Other than ye Zao, she was the best among the girls!

“Who said that God ye plagiarized! Our God ye is both talented and beautiful! There’s no need to plagiarize at all!”A few students from class 7 happened to pass by and immediately stood up for ye Zao when they heard that Lin Wuyue was actually framing ye Zao.

The students from Class 7 all trusted ye Zao very much!

This was because the teachers of various subjects often invited ye Zao to come up to the stage to explain the questions.

If she really plagiarized, would her lectures be more professional than the teachers?

Not only was ye Zao professional, but he also had his own methods.

There were many students in their class now, and they were all ye Zao’s fans.

Lin Wuyue’s face was full of sarcasm. “Not plagiarism? If you say it’s not plagiarism, then it’s not plagiarism? Only your ordinary class would deceive themselves and treat cheating trash as a treasure!”

“There’s no point in talking anymore! Then let’s wait for the college entrance exam! Our God ye will definitely be able to maintain our current results and get first place!”The college entrance exam was a mirror that reflected the demon. Good and bad would all be revealed under this mirror.

Everyone in the college entrance exam was equal. No one had the chance to cheat!

After saying this, the students of class seven turned around and left.

Facts speak louder than words!

......

Lin Wuyue fiercely spat, “What the hell!”

After saying this, she looked at Mu Yourong, “Yourong, don’t be angry! In our hearts, only you are the true campus Belle! Ye Zao can’t even compare to one of your little fingers! When the results of the college entrance examination are out, let’s see where their faces will go!” UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Zeng rou also echoed, “Who does ye Zao think she is! She is like a grasshopper after autumn! How many more days can she jump around?”

Hearing this, Mu Yourong’s expression turned a little better.

She had been reborn. In her previous life, she had participated in the college entrance examination. With the system in hand, it was not a problem for her to become the top scorer in the college entrance examination.

Although the system had not been upgraded yet.

But a simple college entrance examination question was still not a problem for the system.

After the college entrance examination, she would make everyone’s eyes light up!

The other students in the school had an attitude of wanting to watch and eat melons.

If there were free melons, it would be a waste not to eat them.

Whether or not it was plagiarism, they would know when the time came.

In order to attract more people’s attention, Mu Yourong even had the system set up a voting post in the school forum

The name of the post was very attractive: [ former school Belle VS current school Belle, who is the real school Belle with both talent and looks? ]

Mu Yourong: 1,826 votes.

Ye Zhuo: 789 votes.

The most handsome person in the school: [ the poster is trying to stir up trouble! ]

It was Ranran: [ holy shit! I, God Ye, have less than 800 votes? ]

If life was as it was at first sight: [ vote for me, God Ye, no explanation. ]

Passerby a 665: [ MU yourong has been in the top five of the grade for two years in a row, i choose Mu Yourong. ]

Beloved Ya Ya: [ I also choose Mu Yourong! ]

There was someone below deliberately leading the tempo.

Hur Hur da: [ Ye Zhuo can also be the school Belle? Don’t you know what she looked like at the beginning? ]

A mouthful of salt soda can spray you to death 23333: [ ye Zhuo had plastic surgery, right? ]

Son, son, I am your father: [ now that you say it, there is indeed something wrong. She wasn’t this beautiful in the past. It seems that after a semester, she suddenly became beautiful. ]

Once the cosmetic surgery comment came out, it completely changed the topic.

Under Mu Yourong’s control, not long after, the wonderful sound platform was also full of news articles about Ye Zao’s cosmetic surgery, trending... ... for a time, photos of ye Zao’s exaggerated makeup flew all over the place.

Cosmetic surgery was something that could not be washed clean.

Especially when ye Zao’s childhood photos were destroyed by the system.

Ye Zao’s account was instantly attacked by a group of spammers.

The netizens who did not know the truth were also led away by the spammers. However, ye Zao’s fans did not suspect ye Zao from the beginning to the end.

Following that, Mu Yourong started to fire her Brainiac character setting again.

Drafts flew everywhere.

I Love Rong 20,000: [ so I’m not only a chess big shot, but also a Super Brainiac! ]

Are you an idiot? [ come and watch the voting post of North Bridge High School! ]

Thus, a large group of people went to watch the school forum of North Bridge High School.

For a time, Ye Zhuo was attacked for plastic surgery and plagiarism. He was badly criticized by the trolls.

On the other hand, Mu Yourong only used public opinion to reap the benefits.

She, who had already dropped to less than five million fans, rose to six million in a short while.

Heaven-toppling Earth Purple Gold Hammer 1225: [ fans of the Sitara family, at this time, we have to believe in Ye Zi! I believe that Ye Zi will definitely use his strength to prove himself! ]

That Dog: [ yes, believe in Ye Zi! ]

Ye Zhuo was busy doing missions during class, so he did not realize that the internet was already in chaos.