Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2242: 469: the Master of ‘Yuan Dynasty Records’is Lin Ze! 2

Translator: 549690339

“Shi Qingcheng introduced, “Zhuozhuo, let me introduce you. This is Bai Jingshu. Jingshu, this is Lin Ze’s younger sister, Ye Zhuo.” ”

“Although Bai Jingshu did not often reside in the s galaxy, she still knew of Miss Ye’s name. ”

After all.

This was a person who had created a miracle of an era.

“Without Miss Ye, there would not be the current Changyue Kingdom. ”

“”Hello, Miss Ye.”Bai Jingshu extended her hand towards ye Zao. “I’m Bai Jingshu.” ”

“”Hello.”Ye Zao shook hands with Bai Jingshu. “Since we’re all friends, let’s call each other by their names.” ”

“”Yes, yes, yes.”Shi Qingcheng continued, “Jingshu, you’re just like me. Just Call Me Zao.” ”

Bai Jingshu nodded. “Okay.”

She had not expected that the almighty Miss Ye would be so approachable.

“Ye burning picked up a candy painting and handed it to Bai Jingshu. “Jingshu, how about a candy painting?” ”

“Thank you.”Bai Jingshu accepted it with both hands.

The three young girls held the candy painting in their hands and ate as they strolled.

Bai Jingshu had never experienced such an experience before.

“Although she had only known ye Zhuo and Shi Qingcheng for a short period of time, the two of them gave her the feeling that they were old friends who had known each other for a long time. ”

Shi Qingcheng had originally rejected food from Earth.

Ever since she had eaten hotpot with ye Zhuo.

Now.

It was so fragrant!

“”Jingshu, can you eat the food here?”Shi Qingcheng turned to look at Bai Jingshu. ”

Bai Jingshu nodded. “Yes.”

“Then let’s Go Eat Hotpot.”Shi Qingcheng had been poisoned by hotpot recently.

Eating cold dishes when she was alone.

“If there were two or more people, she definitely wanted to eat hotpot. ”

“Okay.”Bai Jingshu didn’t have any objections.

Ye Zao naturally didn’t have any objections either.

“The bottom of the pot, which was steaming with red oil, reflected the smiling faces of the three young girls. ” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“After eating a big mouthful of tripe, she took a sip of cold beer. It was simply wonderful. ”

“Shi Qingcheng was extremely satisfied. She looked at Bai Jingshu and asked, “Jingshu, when did you come to Earth and fell in love with earth?” ”

“”Around the age of fifteen,”Bai Jingshu continued, “I’ve always liked to explore outdoors since I was young. “There was once when my spaceship had an accident on the Sahara. At that time, I thought that the entire earth was just like the Sahara. Later, when I walked out of the desert, I realized that this was a colorful planet full of charm and charm.” ”

“From then on, Bai Jingshu completely fell in love with earth and its ancient culture. ”

“”Then you’re really amazing,”Shi Qingcheng continued, “To be able to persist in liking the things you like for so long under everyone’s strange gazes.” ”

“Bai Jingshu smiled and said, “Maybe it’s because I really like it. Just like how Miss Ye Can Live on Earth for the things she loves and likes.” ”

“Shi Qingcheng said, “Why are you still calling her Miss Ye? ! You’re too polite! It should be called burning.” ”

“Perhaps it was because of the deep respect in her bones, Bai Jingshu really could not change it in such a short period of time. ”

“Ye burning had a smile on his face as he raised his glass. “Cheers to those we insist on, those we love, and those we like.” ”

The two of them immediately raised their glasses.

They drank heartily.

Ye Zao’s alcohol tolerance was not bad.

“However, Shi Qingcheng did not have such a good alcohol tolerance. She had only drunk a bottle of beer and her face was already red, and her consciousness was also somewhat blurry. ”

Ye Zao silently took out his phone and contacted Ye Han.

Ye Han arrived very quickly.

“”You Three Little Girls, why are you still drinking!”Ye Han was somewhat speechless. ”

“Shi Qingcheng pointed at ye Han and said, “What’s wrong with girls? You look down on girls? Aren’t you guys just one more leg than us girls? What’s so great about it!” ”

“As soon as she said that, the surrounding customers all turned around to look in their direction. ”

Ye Han immediately reached out to cover Shi Qingcheng’s mouth.

“Usually, he did not realize that Shi Qingcheng was actually so Valiant. ”

It seemed that alcohol really allowed people to let go of themselves easily.

“Ye Zhuo sent Bai Jingshu out. “Jingshu, let me send you off.” ”

“Bai Jingshu had also drunk quite a lot, and Ye Zhuo was a little worried. ”

“Bai Jingshu shook her head. “No need. Actually, I can hold my liquor quite well.” ”

“”Alright then,”ye Zhuo continued, “Send me a wechat message when you get home.” ”

“Okay.”Bai Jingshu nodded.

“Since she was drunk, she naturally could not drive. Ye Zhuo stood where he was and waited for the designated driver. ”

“At this moment, a Maybach stopped in front of her. ”

“The car window rolled down, revealing an exquisite profile that was as handsome as a knife. ”

“Holding the beads in one hand and the steering wheel in the other, he glanced back. “Do you need a ride, Beautiful?” ”