Chapter 2244: 469: the owner of ‘Yuan Dynasty Records’is Lin Ze! 4

Translator: 549690339

“At the end of his speech, Chen Yaosheng stood up from his chair and bowed to Bai Jingshu. ”

His attitude was very sincere.

“”Mr. Chen, you’re too kind.”Bai Jingshu suddenly felt a little guilty and continued, “I don’t have any other intentions. I just feel that it’s not good to accept such an expensive gift from you.” ”

“”Just treat it as making friends.”Chen Yaosheng looked at Bai Jingshu and said, “Miss Bai, don’t worry. If you don’t like it, I will never express my feelings to you again.” ”

“Chen Yaosheng had already said so much. If she rejected him again, it would be too pretentious. ”

“Bai Jingshu smiled and said, “If that’s the case, Mr. Chen, then I’ll accept it respectfully.” ”

“Okay.”Chen Yaosheng picked up the book and handed it to Bai Jingshu with both hands.

“Bai Jingshu took the book. “Thank you, Mr. Chen.” ”

“”If Miss Bai really wants to thank me, then treat me to a cup of tea.”Chen Yaosheng picked up the Teacup. “After today, we won’t owe each other anything.” ”

“Okay.”Bai Jingshu sat opposite Chen Yaosheng.

“Before this, Chen Yaosheng had specially gone to get to know Bai Jingshu. ”

“With the information Bai Mo had given him, he now knew Bai Jingshu like the back of his hand. ”

“In a short while, the two of them had a heated conversation. ”

“Two hours later, Bai Jingshu went to pay the bill. ”

“Chen Yaosheng stood up from his chair and said, “Miss Bai, I still have something to do, so I won’t send you back.” ”

This was called retreating in order to advance.

It was also Bai Mo who told Bai Jingshu.

Bai Mo knew Bai Jingshu’s personality. Bai Jingshu did not like a man who would chase after her relentlessly.

Chen Yaosheng had to walk the right path in order to chase after Bai Jingshu.

“Bai Jingshu smiled and said, “There’s no need to send me off. My House is not far from here. If Mr. Chen is free, you can come to my house for tea.” ”

“”Alright, thank you, Miss Bai. I’ll definitely go when I’m free.”Chen Yaosheng watched Bai Jingshu leave with a smug smile on his face. It seemed like Bai Mo’s plan was right. He could clearly sense that.., bai Jingshu’s attitude was gradually changing. ”

“In fact, Bai Jingshu’s opinion of Chen Yaosheng had indeed changed. ”

“She had always thought that Chen Yaosheng was no different from the others. Now, it seemed that he was not like that. ”

Chen Yaosheng was the same person as her. They had the same soul.

On the other side.

Lin Ze received a phone call.

It was a call from the person in charge of the library. The other party seemed to have something important to ask him over.

Lin Ze pushed aside the matter at hand and drove to the library.

The person-in-charge of the library had his hands behind his back as he paced back and forth in the office. His face was filled with anxiety.

What should he do.

What should he do now...

Why did that book just have to be lost!

“Not long after, the person-in-charge’s face was covered in cold sweat. ” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“At this moment, someone knocked on the office door. ”

“Who is it?”The person-in-charge asked.

“The secretary’s voice sounded in the air, “President Xia, it’s Mr. Lin.” ”

He arrived so quickly?

“Xia Shang immediately wiped the cold sweat off his forehead and turned his head, “Quickly invite Mr. Lin in.” ”

“The next second, the office door was pushed open. ”

A tall figure walked in from outside the door.

“The person who came was not old, about twenty-two years old. He wore a black hoodie and a black mask, leaving only a pair of beautiful and deep red phoenix eyes. ”

“”Hello, Are You Mr. Lin?”Xia Shang immediately went up to greet him. ”

He did not expect that the owner of the Yuan dynasty record book was so young.

It was... quite shocking.

“At the same time of shock, he was also very anxious. ”

“There was only one Yuan dynasty record book, and now that it was lost in their library, they must be fully responsible. ”

He did not know whether this little Mr. Lin was easy to talk to.

“I am.”Lin Ze took off his mask. “May I ask why you are looking for me?”

“Xia Shang did not know what to say. He continued, “Let’s sit down and talk. Mr. Lin, do you want tea or coffee?” ”

“”Nothing,”Lin ze said. ”

“Then let’s have tea.”Xia Shang called the secretary to make tea.

“Soon, the secretary brought the tea over. “Mr. Lin, please have tea.” ”

“Lin Ze thanked him and continued, “President Xia, can you say it now?” ”

“Xia Shang carefully chose his words in his heart and said with a troubled expression, “Mr. Lin, I really don’t know how to tell you...” ”

“”Just say it. There’s no need to have any misgivings,”Lin ze said. ”

Xia Shang took a deep breath. “Then you have to be mentally prepared.”

“Yes.”Lin Ze nodded.

“Xia Shang continued, “It’s... that... the Yuan dynasty records were lost.” ”