Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2254: 369: Bai Jingshu found out the truth! 7

Translator: 549690339

This caused the outside world to discuss fervently.

“Everyone thought that Old Lady Shangguan was muddle-headed due to old age, but Old Lady Shangguan was stubborn and would not listen to anyone’s words. ”

“When Bai Yuanyuan was gossiping about this matter with Bai Mo, Bai Mo did not take it to heart. The most important thing for her now was to gain the favor of Manwen so that Manwen would see her in a new light. ”

“”I don’t know who the future head of the Shangguan family is. If only I knew this person!”Bai Yuanyuan was very interested in this matter, then she said, “Mo Mo, I also heard that this successor is not from the F galaxy. Do you think he will be from our S Galaxy?” ”

“Bai Mo continued, “Not from the s galaxy? Are you sure?” ”

“As far as she knew, the people of the Yuan Ming kingdom were very xenophobic, especially old lady shangguan. ”

How could such an xenophobic person make a non-f galaxy heir?

This made Bai Mo quite curious.

But she was just curious.

“After all, the heir of the Shangguan family was not someone that she, a person from the s galaxy, could easily come into contact with. ”

The most important thing for her now was to firmly hold on to man Wen’s heart.

“”That’s right! Otherwise, why would the people of the entire Yuan Ming kingdom oppose this matter! I heard that it was that person who happened to pass by and save Old Lady Shangguan. and coincidentally, his entire person actually looked like old lady Shangguan’s deceased grandson. Tell me, how could someone be so lucky!”Bai Yuanyuan sighed. “If only I had met Old Lady Shangguan who needed help at that time!” ”

“If that was the case, wouldn’t she be the future successor of the Yuan Ming Kingdom? ”

“Unfortunately, she didn’t have such good luck. ”

“Bai Mo smiled and said, “Instead of thinking about these impossible things, why don’t you pray to Manwen and me more? Once Manwen and I succeed, your matter will definitely be on me.” ”

“”Okay!”Bai Yuanyuan nodded and continued, “Mo Mo, how are things with Manwen Now? Have you made any progress?” ”

“”Not yet.”Bai Mo narrowed his eyes. “But don’t worry, he won’t be able to escape from me.” ”

“Bai Yuanyuan smiled and said, “Momo, then I’ll congratulate you in advance. Don’t forget about me when the time comes!” ”

“Okay.”Bai Mo nodded. “Don’t worry.”

...

“On the other side, after careful consideration, Bai Jingshu invited Chen Yaosheng out. ”

“Chen Yaosheng looked at Bai Jingshu and was a little nervous. “Jingshu, have you thought about it?” ”

“Bai Jingshu continued, “I’ve thought about it for a long time. I feel that I should be responsible for you and myself. Yaosheng, let’s start as friends, shall we?” ”

This answer was a little out of Chen Yaosheng’s expectations.

He had thought that Bai Jingshu would definitely fall for him under his guidance.

But now...

Bai Jingshu actually said that she wanted to start as a friend.

What was this?

“However, although he was very unwilling, Chen Yaosheng did not show it, instead, he said with a smile, “Jingshu, I know my ability. To be honest, I know that you won’t accept me so quickly. I’m already very touched that you can give me a chance to start as a friend. “At least, you won’t reject me like you did in the past.” ”

“Bai Jingshu continued, “I just feel that we don’t know each other well enough. Adults shouldn’t only seek pleasure for a short period of time.” ”

“This was not responsible for Chen Yaosheng, but also for herself. ”

“”You’re right.”Chen yaosheng nodded and continued, “Then where should we go now?” ”

Today.

He had to capture Bai Jingshu today.

“There’s a wetland park nearby. Are You Going?”Bai Jingshu asked.

“Yes.”Chen Yaosheng nodded.

The environment of the wetland park was very good.

The birds chirped and the flowers were fragrant.

It was very suitable for couples to date.

“After strolling for a while, Chen Yaosheng seemed to have suddenly thought of something. He suddenly stopped and said, “Jingshu, wait for me here. I’ll be right back.” ”

“Okay.”Bai Jingshu nodded.

“After Chen Yaosheng left, Bai Jingshu strolled around nearby. ”

On the other side.

Lin Ze followed the location and found the wetland park.

“However, when he arrived at the place, he did not see Chen Yaosheng. Instead, he saw another familiar face. ”

Bai Jingshu.

Bai Jingshu was wearing a straw hat. She was standing under a blooming skyscraping flower. She was lowering her head and smelling the fragrance of the flower.

It was hard to ruin the beauty of this moment.

“After standing there for a while, Lin Ze walked up to greet her. “Miss Bai.” ”

“Bai Jingshu looked up and said in surprise, “Mr. Lin.” ”

“Lin Ze smiled and said, “Miss Bai, are you going to the park alone?” ”

“”I’m here with a friend,”Bai Jingshu replied. “What About You, Mr. Lin?” ”

“Lin Ze said, “I’m here to look for someone.” ”

“OH.”Bai Jingshu nodded.

“After a simple greeting, Lin ze proposed to leave. ”

“After Lin Ze left, Bai Jingshu found a chair and took out the Yuan dynasty true records. She read while waiting for Chen Yaosheng to come over. ”

“However, after waiting for a long time, Chen Yaosheng still didn’t come. ”

“When Lin Ze returned, he found that Bai Jingshu was still there. However, this time, Bai Jingshu was sitting on the bench reading a book. ”

“A gust of wind blew, bringing with it a faint rain of flowers. ”

“At this moment, Lin Ze suddenly felt that something was wrong. ”

That was because the book on Bai Jingshu’s leg was somewhat familiar.

It looked a little like the Yuan dynasty records.

“With this thought in mind, Lin Ze subconsciously moved closer to Bai Jingshu. ”

“The closer he got, the clearer his vision became. ”

That’s right.

It was the Yuan dynasty records.

Lin Ze frowned slightly. Why would Bai Jingshu have the Yuan dynasty record.

“”Miss Bai,”Lin ze said softly. ”

“Bai Jingshu’s thoughts were pulled back by Lin Ze’s voice. “Mr. Lin, is something the matter?” ”

Lin Ze had left and returned. There must be something the matter. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“”Miss Bai, if I may ask, where did you get this book from?”Lin Ze asked. ”

Bai Jingshu smiled and looked up. “Mr. Lin is also interested in this book. A friend gave it to me.”

A friend gave it to me?

Lin Ze already had some thoughts. He took out his phone and showed Chen Yaosheng’s photo. “May I ask if this friend gave it to you?”

“Hearing this, Bai Jingshu said in surprise, “How do you know? Do you two know each other?” ”

This world was really too small.

She did not expect that man Wen and Chen Yaosheng knew each other.

“Lin Ze shook his head and continued, “To be honest with you, Miss Bai, this Yuan dynasty record belongs to me. However, it was stolen from the library two weeks ago. It took me a long time to find the person who stole the book.” ”

“Hearing this, Bai Jingshu’s face turned pale and her ears buzzed. ”

What was Lin Ze saying?

Could it be...

That the book was stolen by Chen Yaosheng?

How was that possible!

“Based on his understanding of Chen Yaosheng over the past few days, Chen Yaosheng should not have done such a thing. ”

“Seeing Bai Jingshu like this.., lin Ze continued, “If Miss Bai doesn’t believe me, we can go to the library to confront him right now. Ever since the book was lost, the person in charge of the library immediately filed a report at the police station. “By the way, I wrote all the annotations for the Yuan dynasty record book. I can clearly say every word and sentence recorded on it.” ”

Bai Jingshu didn’t know how to react.

She never thought that Chen Yaosheng would steal a book to please her.

It turned out that everything that had happened in the past few days was just an illusion.

“Bai Jingshu immediately returned the book to Lin Ze. “Mr. Lin, I’m really sorry. I really didn’t know that he stole this book!” ”