Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2256: 471: never see each other again! 2

Translator: 549690339 Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Could it be that this person had three heads and six arms?

“”I’ve already settled this matter in private.”Since this matter involved an alien planet, Lin Ze could not say much. “I’m not at liberty to reveal the details.” ”

“”Okay, okay, okay.”Xia Shang did not ask any further. He was never the kind of person who would cause trouble for himself. “No matter what, Mr. Lin still has to thank you!” ”

“If it were someone else, even if they found it, they would say that they did not find it. At that time, the library would still have to compensate them. After all, this book was not a small sum of money. ”

“However, Lin Ze did not do that. ”

It was enough to show Lin Ze’s character.

On the other side.

“Chen Yaosheng prepared everything and returned to the Wetland Park once again. However, Bai Jingshu was no longer there. ”

Where did Bai Jingshu go?

Was she strolling around nearby?

Chen Yaosheng frowned nearby and did not notice Bai Jingshu.

“This time, Chen Yaosheng frowned slightly and felt that something was not right. It did not seem like Bai Jingshu was simply strolling around. He immediately took out his phone and dialed Bai Jingshu’s number. ”

“However, he did hear the status of the call from the other end. ”

“After that, no matter how many times he dialed, the result would still be the same. ”

“Under normal circumstances, if this was the case, it meant that Bai Jingshu had blacklisted him. ”

What happened during the time he was away?

What was the reason for Bai Jingshu to blacklist him?

Chen Yaosheng really could not figure it out.

Or was it all a misunderstanding.

It seemed that he could only solve the mystery after he found Bai Jingshu.

Chen Yaosheng turned off his phone and went to Bai Jingshu’s residence.

The door was closed.

Chen Yaosheng went to open the door. The door that could be opened with a push usually could not be opened no matter how hard he tried.

The password of the fingerprint lock had been changed.

“Bai Jingshu trusted him very much, so she recorded his fingerprint on the door lock. But now, Bai Jingshu had even changed the password of the fingerprint lock. ”

“This time, Chen Yaosheng was really anxious. ”

“If it was just a misunderstanding, Bai Jingshu would not have changed the password. ”

“Unable to enter, Chen Yaosheng could only stand outside and ring the doorbell. ”

“Soon, the door opened. ”

It was Bai Jingshu who opened the door.

“Seeing Bai Jingshu, Chen yaosheng immediately said, “Jingshu, what happened? Why did you suddenly leave? I went to the park to look for you just now and found that you were no longer there. And this door, why did you change the password?” ”

Chen Yaosheng asked a series of questions.

“What happened? Don’t you know?”Bai Jingshu asked back without any expression on her face.

No wonder Chen Yaosheng had changed so much. It turned out that Chen Yaosheng had been acting with her all these days.

He had actually given her the stolen book!

“Fortunately, Lin Ze was sensible and did not vent his anger on her. Otherwise, she would not be able to clear her name even if she jumped into the Yellow River. ”

“Chen Yaosheng looked at Bai Jingshu and had a bad premonition in his heart. He continued, “Jingshu, what’s wrong with you? I really don’t know!” ”

“Bai Jingshu continued, “Let me ask you, is the Yuan Dynasty Recording Really Yours?” ”

“”It’s mine.”Although he was a little guilty, Chen Yaosheng still looked confident. ”

“As long as no one could prove that he stole the Yuan dynasty recording, then he was the real owner of the Yuan dynasty recording. ”

“On Earth, it was impossible to crack the password and successfully obtain the surveillance footage. ”

“Even Bai Jingshu, who came from the s galaxy, could not do it. ”

“”Jingshu, why are you suddenly asking me this question? If the Yuan dynasty records are not mine, who else could it be?”Chen Yaosheng asked in return. ”

Bai Jingshu did not expect Chen Yaosheng to be able to disguise himself so well.

Did he think that everyone else was a fool?

He actually felt so at ease after stealing someone else’s things.

How could there be such a disgusting person in the world?

“Fortunately, she had discovered Chen Yaosheng’s true colors in time. ”

“Otherwise, Bai Jingshu would have also disgusted herself. ”

“Is IT REALLY YOURS?”Bai Jingshu looked at Chen Yaosheng.

“Chen Yaosheng suspected that Bai Jingshu was playing a trick. He could not let Bai Jingshu find out anything. As long as he was calm, Bai Jingshu would not find out anything. ”

“”It’s Mine!”Chen yaosheng said firmly, “Jingshu, believe me. The Yuan dynasty records are really mine! “I don’t know why you are asking this, but I can promise you that I can lie to anyone, but I will never lie to You!” ”

Chen Yaosheng’s face was full of sincerity.

“No one would have thought that he was lying. If Bai Jingshu had not discovered the truth in advance, she would not have thought of it either. ”