Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2258: 471: never see each other again! 4

Translator: 549690339

“Just like Ye Shu, Lin Jincheng also regarded Shi Qingcheng as his daughter. ”

Ye Han looked at the crowd and said goodbye to them one by one.

“Ye Zhuo continued, “Ye Han, if you encounter anything that you can’t handle on your own, remember to contact me. No matter when, as long as you turn around, I’ll be there.” ”

“”En.”Ye Han nodded, his eyes slightly red. ”

“From the age of eleven to twenty, Ye Zhuo had practically run through his entire life. ”

“Although he called Ye Zhuo sister, to her, Ye Zhuo was a figure like a mother. ”

“”Alright.”Ye Zhuo patted ye Han’s shoulder. “It’s getting late, let’s quickly set off.” ”

“Ye Han continued, “Sister, then we’ll be leaving first.” ”

“Let’s go.”

The two of them walked into the interstellar shuttle.

“Very soon, the interstellar shuttle rapidly shrunk until they entered the quantum world. ”

“Inside the interstellar shuttle, Shi Qingcheng opened the interstellar news page, intending to take a look at the major events that had happened in Galaxy S during their absence. One wouldn’t know if one didn’t take a look, but one would be shocked if one did, she immediately turned to look at Ye Han. “Ye Xiao Han, something big has happened!” ”

“What big thing?”Ye Han asked.

“Shi Qingcheng continued, “I just read in the interstellar report that the Shangguan family of the Yuan Ming kingdom is passing the position of heir to an outsider.” ”

“Although ye Han didn’t know much about the Yuan Ming kingdom, he had heard of the Shangguan family, he continued, “The Shangguan family has no successor. Old Mistress is already old and will abdicate sooner or later. It is understandable to pass on the position of successor to an outsider.” ”

“”No, that is not what I meant!”Shi Qingcheng explained, “The outsider that I am talking about is not an ordinary outsider! The successor that old mistress Shangguan chose is not from the Yuan Ming kingdom, and is not even from our F Galaxy!” ”

“What?”Ye Han frowned slightly.

“Shi Qingcheng continued, “You also think that this matter is inconceivable, don’t you?” ”

“It is indeed a little.”Ye Han nodded.

“Shi Qingcheng browsed through the news again and continued, “Right now, there are people who are guessing whether the successor that Old Lady Shangguan chose is from the s galaxy.” ”

Ye Han narrowed his eyes slightly. “Then wouldn’t our S Galaxy be on the rise?”

“”It’s just a guess,”Shi Qingcheng said. “Stop Dreaming.” ”

Ye Han smiled and didn’t say anything else.

“Shi Qingcheng continued, “Ye Xiaohan, aren’t you at all curious about the successor that Old Lady Shangguan chose?” ”

“”I’m not,”ye Han said. ”

“You’re too boring!”Shi Qingcheng was a little speechless. “No wonder you’ve always been single! It would be strange if a girl liked someone like you!”

“Aren’t you a girl?”Lin Ze asked.

Shi Qingcheng:”...”

Over here.

Chen Yaosheng found the surveillance camera of the wetland park.

“It turned out that after he left, a young man appeared. ”

“The surveillance camera did not record all the sounds, but from the lip movements between the two, this young man was the real owner of the Yuan dynasty recording. ”

“Seeing this, Chen Yaosheng narrowed his eyes. ”

So it was this person who ruined his plans!

Wait!

He would definitely make this man pay the price.

Chen Yaosheng immediately investigated Lin Ze’s information

“To humans on Earth, Lin Ze was indeed born noble. ”

“But to Chen Yaosheng, Lin Ze was just trash. He only needed one hand to crush Lin Ze. ”

It was easier than crushing an ant.

“At this moment, Chen Yaosheng suddenly realized that Lin ze looked familiar. It was as if he had seen him somewhere before. ”

It was a little strange.

Why did he look familiar to an earthling?

It was an illusion.

It must be an illusion.

Chen Yaosheng was too lazy to think further. An Earthling was not worth his time. He could just kill him directly. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Even though the s galaxy forbade all actions that harmed Earthlings.

Lin Ze was only an earthling.

There were so many accidents in the world every day. Who would know that Lin Ze’s death was related to him?

“Chen Yaosheng was a person who thought highly of himself. He would never dirty his hands because of an earthling. Hence, he sent two core robots. ”

“After arranging the core robots, Chen Yaosheng waited for good news. ”

Over here.

Lin Ze came out of the studio and felt that something was not right.

Someone was following him.

Lin Ze did not stop. He took out his phone and pretended to take a selfie while locking on to the suspect who was following him.

There was indeed someone following him.