Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2275: 374: cut the crap! 1

Translator: 549690339

Bai Jingfei briefly explained the whole process.

“Hearing this, elder Bai immediately sat up from the bed. His face was frighteningly gloomy. He had long known that his eldest son and eldest daughter-in-law were like a nest of snakes and rats, but he did not expect that they would even kill his own daughter. ”

“Bai jingfei continued, “I also heard my father say that he wanted to clone another sister!” ”

The thing that frightened Bai jingfei the most was the cloning.

“Once Bai Jingshu was successfully cloned, she might very well become the one to give up in the future. ”

“Therefore, she absolutely could not let her parents’protection succeed. ”

“In the Bai family, the only person who could stop her parents was elder Bai. ”

“”Ridiculous! This is simply ridiculous!”Elder bai continued, “Where is your sister now?” ”

“Bai jingfei said, “My sister is still being held by my parents.” ”

“How many days have they held your sister?”Old Master Bai continued to ask.

“”Four, four days,”Bai Jingfei answered. ”

“”Four days?”Old Master Bai looked at Bai jingfei and said furiously, “Four days and you’re only telling me now? Do you know that people will really die if you do this!” ”

An ordinary person could at most last three days without knowing if they should drink.

“Bai jingfei lowered her head and felt a little guilty, then, she said, “I also wanted to tell you earlier, but I didn’t dare! “You know my parents’temper. If they find out that I came to inform them, they will definitely not let me go! “Grandfather, you must help me keep this a secret. Please don’t say that I came to inform you!” ”

“In fact, if she hadn’t heard what her parents said, she might never have told her grandfather about this. ”

“After all, Bai Jingshu marrying into the Chen family was beneficial to her. ”

“Bai Jingshu was her elder sister. From now on, she would be Chen Yaosheng’s sister-in-law. With the Chen family’s status in the s galaxy, she would be able to climb up to a higher position in the future. ”

Who knew that Bai Jingshu would actually be so stubborn!

“After saying that, bai jingfei continued, “Grandfather, you don’t have to worry. When I came here, I specially went to take a look at my sister. I even fed her a nutrition pill. She’s fine for the time being.” ”

“Hearing that, elder Bai sighed. This matter could not be entirely blamed on Bai Jingfei. ”

“No matter what, Bai Jingfei still came to tell him in the end. At the very least, it could prove that Bai Jingfei was not completely heartless. ”

The people who were truly heartless were Bai Jiacheng and Zhou Ying. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

They actually disregarded their kinship and even thought of a way to clone her.

Did he think that his daughter was an item?

“Let’s go to your house now!”Elder Bai turned around and walked out of the door.

“Grandfather!”Bai jingfei called out to elder Bai.

“Is there anything else?”Elder Bai turned around and asked.

“Bai jingfei continued, “Aren’t you going to change your clothes?” ”

Old Master Bai was still wearing his home clothes.

“Your sister is going to die. Is it time to change your clothes?”

“Bai Jingfei immediately shut her mouth and followed Old Master Bai’s footsteps. She continued, “Grandpa, I Can’t go back with you. If I go back with you, my parents will definitely find out and tell you.” ”

“”Then you should go somewhere else to hide first,”old master Bai said. ”

“Okay.”Bai jingfei nodded.

“Soon, Old Master Bai arrived at the Bai family home. ”

“Old Master Bai rarely came to visit. Zhou ying asked in surprise, “Father, why are you here?” ”

“I can’t Come?”Old Master Bai asked back.

“Zhou ying smiled and said, “Father, don’t misunderstand. That’s not what I meant!” ”

“Where’s Jingshu?”Old Master Bai continued to ask.

Bai Jingshu?

Zhou Ying already had a bad premonition in her heart.

“Old Master Bai’s favorite granddaughter was Bai Jingshu. If old master Bai knew that Bai Jingshu was locked up by them, Old Master Bai would definitely ruin things. ”

“Zhou Ying said without batting an eyelid, “Who knows where that wretched girl went! She’s not home all day! Maybe she went to Earth again!” ”

“Is that so?”Elder Bai looked at Zhou Ying.

His eyes were filled with scrutiny.

“”Yeah.”Zhou ying nodded and continued, “Dad, why are you suddenly looking for Jingzhu?” ”

“”I heard that Jingzhu came back, so I came to take a look. Does that mean that Jingzhu is not at home?”Elder Bai asked. ”

“”Yes, she’s not at home.”Zhou ying smiled and said, “If you miss her, I’ll ask someone to send a message to her, asking her to come back and see you! “This child is really insensible. You Say You’re already so old, but you still keep thinking about her all day long.” ”

“”Is it the adults who are insensible, or the child who is insensible?”Elder Bai asked back. ”

“The smile on Zhou Ying’s face did not change. “Dad, why do I not understand what you’re saying?” ”