Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2278: 374: Cut The crap! 4

Translator: 549690339

It was extremely dazzling. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Bai Jingshu raised her head and looked up. Her eyes were filled with hope. “Grandpa!”

It was grandpa.

Grandpa had come to save her.

“”Good child, I’ve made you suffer!”Old Master Bai walked to Bai Jingshu’s side. ”

“”Grandpa, I’m Fine,”Bai Jingshu said. ”

Old Master Bai Sighed and handed Bai Jingshu a bottle of nutrient solution. “Eat this first.”

“Okay.”Bai Jingshu took the nutrient solution.

“After drinking the nutrient solution, she felt much better. ”

“Old Master Bai held Bai Jingshu’s hand. “Good girl, come home with Grandpa.” ”

“”Dad! If you take her away just like that, how are we going to explain this to the Bai Family? !”Bai Jiacheng stood in front of the grandparents. ”

“”What? Do you really want to starve my eldest granddaughter to death and then clone another one?”Old Master Bai glared at Bai Jiacheng, “Unfilial son, I’m telling you, if you dare to do this, Don’t blame me for turning hostile!” ”

Clone?

“Hearing this, Bai Jiacheng’s heart skipped a beat. How did elder Bai Know About This? ”

Could there be a mole in the family?

“Bai Jiacheng immediately retorted, “No, Dad, where did you hear such words! Jingshu is my biological daughter, how could I possibly do this!” ”

“No? Really?”Elder Bai looked at Bai Jiacheng.

“”I really didn’t.”Bai Jiacheng immediately raised three fingers. “Dad, I swear to God, I really didn’t do such a thing!” ”

“Elder Bai said, “You know very well whether I did it or not! Jingshu won’t have parents like you in the future!” ”

“After saying that, elder Bai angrily dragged Bai Jingshu out. “Jingshu, let’s Go!” ”

“Just as Zhou Ying was about to pull the two of them back, Bai Jiasheng stopped her. ”

“Elder Bai already knew about the cloning. If Zhou Ying were to do anything now, it would only add fuel to the fire. As elder Bai’s son, Bai Jiasheng understood elder Bai’s personality very well. ”

“If he was angered, he would really do anything. ”

Bai Jingshu was brought to the aircraft by elder Bai.

“”Grandfather, did you really mean what you said about cloning?”Bai Jingshu asked. ”

Cloning.

Bai Jingshu never dreamed that her parents would have this idea.

Ridiculous!

How ridiculous!

“Yes.”Elder Bai nodded. “Don’t go back to that home if you can!”

“Bai Jingshu’s expression was unclear. She continued, “How did you know that I was locked up at home by them?” ”

“”Jingfei, that Lass, came to tell me,”Old Master Bai said. “You too, Lass. How did you end up locked up by them? Don’t tell me that you pretended to give in and then took the opportunity to escape?” ”

“Bai Jingshu asked in surprise, “Jingfei?” ”

Bai Jingfei had been at loggerheads with her since she was young. Bai Jingshu had never expected that the person who saved her life in the end would be her younger sister.

“”Mm.”Elder Bai nodded. “To be honest, that child is also somewhat beyond my expectations.” ”

“Bai jingfei usually appeared to be heartless, but she did not expect that she would be able to play such a role at such a critical moment. ”

“After saying that, elder Bai continued, “You don’t have to worry about jingfei. That Girl is the most shrewd and smart! The reason she came to inform us was probably because she was frightened by the clone!”If there was really an example of a clone.., by then, Bai Jingfei would also be unable to protect herself. It had to be said that Bai Jingfei was a very clear-minded person. ”

“Bai Jingshu continued, “No matter what, this matter is all thanks to her! If it wasn’t for her, I might have really become a failure and been destroyed.” ”

“Elder Bai sighed. “Grandpa is here. Jingshu, don’t worry. I have plenty of ways to deal with your parents!” ”

“”Okay.”Bai Jingshu nodded. “Grandpa, thank you.” ”

Grandpa was her salvation in the Bai family.

“”You Silly Child, you’re not an outsider with Grandpa.”Old Master Bai looked at Bai Jingshu with a gaze filled with heartache. ”

On the other side.

The Bai family.

“Bai Jingshu was taken away by Old Master Bai, leaving Bai Jiacheng and Zhou Ying staring at each other at home. ”

“Zhou ying frowned and said, “Quick, think of a way! The Chen family is going to send someone soon! How are we going to explain this to them?” ”

Bai Jiacheng was also very anxious now. He had thought that this matter was almost certain.

“He did not expect that in the end, all his efforts would be for naught. ”

Three boxes of Star Energy were gone!

Glory was gone too!

There was nothing left!

Bai Jiacheng sighed. “What else can we do now? We can only go against the Chen Family!”

There was no other way out in front of them.