Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2325: 485: face-smacking in public. The reversal was very beautiful! 3

Translator: 549690339

“Wen Zhi continued, “Then I’m going to work!” ”

“”Okay.”Xiao Wu continued, “I’m going to work too!” ”

“Speaking up to this point, Xiao Wu could not help but complain, “If I were Miss Ye, I would directly announce the failure of the OASIS project and Face Reality! Why would I need to expend money and harm people in the last few days and make us suffer!” ”

“These days, they had been busy day and night, and they could not even get a sip of hot water. ”

“Wen zhi consoled, “As the project planner of the Oasis Project, Miss Ye’s lies are like her children. As a mother, she definitely can’t watch her plan fail! “No matter what, we must do our best, even if it’s in vain!” ”

“You’re right.”Xiao Wu nodded. “I’ll go to work first!”

“Okay.”

“After Xiao Wu left, Wen Zhi turned around and left. He came to the office where Yu Zifei was studying the data. ”

“Captain Yu.”Wen Zhi walked over.

Yu Zifei did not even raise his head. “Xiao Wen is back? How’s Your Mother Now?”

“Wen Zhi said, “My mother is out of danger. Thank you for your concern, Captain Yu. Also, thank you for approving my leave yesterday.” ”

“You’re welcome.”Yu Zifei picked up a pile of documents. “Go and give these documents to miss ye.”

“Okay.”Wen Zhi took the documents.

“Yu Zifei added, “Hurry back. There are still other problems waiting for you to handle.” ”

“”Okay, Captain Yu.” ”

“Wen Zhi was still respectful on the surface, but in his heart, he was already extremely disdainful. ”

Three days.

“He only needed to endure for three more days. At that time, he would no longer have to look at Yu Zifei’s expression. ”

Yu Zifei was an idiot. Did he really think that he was the same person as before?

He was no longer that lowly Wen Zhi!

“Soon, Wen Zhi took the documents and walked to Ye Zhuo’s office. ”

“The office door was not closed, and the conversation could be heard clearly. ”

“”Miss Ye, after thinking about it, I still feel that there’s something wrong with Wen Zhi!”It was Professor Zhang’s voice. ”

“Hearing this voice, Wen Zhi immediately held his breath and stopped in his tracks. ”

What should he do? He was about to be discovered!

“Almost in an instant, a layer of cold sweat appeared on Wen Zhi’s forehead. ”

“Just as Wen Zhi wanted to escape immediately, ye Zao’s voice sounded in the air, “Dr. Zhang, I know that you’re doing this for the sake of the base, but don’t worry, Wen Zhi will definitely be fine. “Besides, he’s just an assistant. Even if he’s capable, he won’t be able to do any damage.” ”

Just an assistant?

“Hearing this, Wen Zhi’s face was full of sarcasm. ”

So what if he was just an assistant?

Just an assistant. Didn’t he still destroy all of Ye Zao’s hard work?

Who was ye Zao looking down on?

“Dr. Zhang continued, “Miss Ye, I just detected that Wen Zhi changed the flight itinerary of the aircraft. He actually set the destination to C nation. If he didn’t have any problems, why would he do such a Thing?” ”

“From Professor Zhang’s point of view, Wenzhi was full of doubts. ”

“However, Ye Zhuo and Yu Zifei did not believe him. ”

Professor Zhang was very troubled.

“Ye Zhuo continued, “Maybe he has something to do in C country! As you know, his mother is sick and there is a patient at home. Anything can happen.” ”

“Professor Zhang Sighed. “Miss Ye, are you really not going to investigate Wenzhi anymore?” ”

“Ye Zhuo looked at Professor Zhang, he then said, “Professor Zhang, the most important thing for us now is not to investigate Wen Zhi, but how to solve the problem at hand. There are still three days until the press conference. I don’t want everyone to waste their time on such nonsense.” ”

“The press conference was about to start, so professor Zhang could understand ye Zhuo’s current mood. ”

“As the project planner, Ye Zao was definitely more anxious than anyone else. ”

“Dr. Zhang nodded. “Okay, Miss Ye, I understand.” ” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Ye Zao continued, “Dr. Zhang, you should go back first. Take this time to rest. There’s a meeting in ten minutes.” ”

“Okay.”

“Seeing that Dr. Zhang was about to come out, Wen Zhi immediately hid outside the door. ”

“After Professor Zhang left, he walked out and headed to Ye Zao’s office. ”

“Miss Ye.”Wen Zhi knocked on the door.

“”Come in,”ye Zao said. ”

“Wen Zhi pushed the door open and went in. He placed the documents in front of ye Zao’s desk. “Miss Ye, these documents need to be signed.” ”