Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2339: 488: Crush Green Tea 2

Translator: 549690339

“Okay.”Bai Mo nodded and closed the door.

“Old Master Bai sat on the chair with a serious expression. He looked up at Bai Mo and said, “Little Girl Mo, do you know what is the most important thing in being a person?” ”

“”Grandfather, if you have something to say, just say it,”Bai Mo said. ”

“Old Master Bai continued, “Answer Me First.” ”

“Bai Mo thought seriously for a moment before continuing, “Grandfather, you’ve taught us since we were young that the most important thing in life is to be honest.” ”

“Then I’ll tell you one more thing now.”Elder Bai looked up at Bai mo. “One has to know one’s place in life. One has to know one’s place in life!”

One has to know one’s place in life?

What did elder Bai mean by saying that she didn’t know her place?

“She was Old Master Bai’s biological granddaughter, yet old master Bai was talking about her in such a manner! ”

“Bai Mo was instantly enraged, followed by an overwhelming sense of humiliation. ”

“”Grandfather, I don’t understand what you mean.”Bai Mo raised her head to look at Old Master Bai, “I know that you’ve always liked sister Jingshu, and you’ve never placed the rest of us sisters in your eyes. I accept that you are biased. After all, you are our elder and you are our grandfather. It is your right to like whoever you want! But you wouldn’t say that about me just because you like sister Jing Shu, right? Grandfather, I am also your granddaughter!” ”

Bai Mo felt very wronged.

She had always been like this since she was young.

“No matter how well she did, Old Master Bai would never take a fancy to her. ”

And Now?

Elder Bai was actually still attacking her personally.

“Don’t you know what you’ve done wrong?”Elder Bai looked at Bai Mo..

Bai Mo didn’t say anything.

Because she didn’t feel that she was wrong.

She wasn’t wrong at all!

“Elder bai continued, “You’ve always been looking for reasons with others. Haven’t you ever thought about your own reasons? Why Don’t I Like You? Is it really because I’m biased?” ”

“As an elder, Old Master Bai had never been biased. ”

The reason why he treated Bai Jingshu well was because Bai Jingshu was not as scheming as the other sisters.

“In this somewhat turbid environment, Bai Jingshu gave him a different view. ”

“In a trance, he returned to the past. ”

“Bai Mo and Bai Yuanyuan were sisters. Each of them was more scheming than the other. If Bai Jingshu did not have his protection, she would have been schemed against by them long ago! ”

“”Grandfather, you’re an elder. No matter what you do, I Won’t Blame You,”Bai Mo continued, “I just hope that you’ll be more fair in the future.” ”

“”Lass Mo, I still say the same thing. A person should know their place.”Old Master Bai took a deep breath, he continued, “I’m already so old, and I’ve walked more bridges than you’ve walked. What are you thinking about? My heart is as clear as a mirror. It’s not just me who knows. Mr. Ye and Miss Shi also know that the reason they didn’t embarrass you in front of everyone is because of Jingshu!” ”

Bai Mo bit her lips tightly and didn’t say a word.

“Old Master Bai continued, “No matter who it is, you have to know your place. Especially girls, Lass Mo. I don’t want the descendants of the Bai family to make a joke that everyone knows. Do you understand what I’m saying?” ”

There were some things that were not appropriate to say out loud.

Bai Mo was also an adult. There was some logic that she should understand.

“Bai Mo’s little thoughts were put on the table by Old Master Bai, which made her very embarrassed. “Grandfather, I don’t understand what you mean. Ye Han and I have been good friends for four to five years. Between Us...” ”

“Did you really not realize that ye Han was keeping a distance from you?”Old Master Bai asked in return.

“Elder bai continued, “Bai Mo, I’ll put it here today. You better listen carefully. If you do anything embarrassing, don’t blame me for acknowledging you as my granddaughter!” ”

These words were heavy and ruthless!

“Although Bai Mo was indignant, she still pretended to be docile and said, “I understand.” ”

“You can go.”Elder Bai waved his hand.

Bai Mo turned around and left.

She was sneering in her heart. She was just waiting.

“She was waiting for her to take the position of the first lady of the Chang Yue country. Even if the old man knelt down and begged for her forgiveness, she would not look at the old man again! ”

“Looking at Bai Mo’s back, elder Bai shook his head helplessly. ”

He hoped that Bai Mo would really listen to his words and not just listen.

“With the knock of Master Bai’s words, when Bai Mo returned to the hall, she had indeed restrained herself quite a bit. ”

“However, although she had restrained herself somewhat, she still intentionally or unintentionally targeted Shi Qingcheng. ”Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)