Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2342: 489: set a date for the wedding

Translator: 549690339

“Bai Sanfeng’s expression softened a little when she saw Bai Jingshu. She smiled and said, “If I don’t come soon, that old fool of yours will sell you off.” ”

An old fool like Bai Sifeng would delay Bai Jingshu sooner or later!

“Bai Jingshu had a good figure, good looks, and a good background. No matter what, she was worthy of someone better! ”

What was wrong with an Earthling?

“Bai Jingshu was stunned. “What’s wrong, great-aunt?” ”

“Bai Sanfeng held Bai Jingshu’s hand and said, “Let me ask you, what’s going on between you and that Earthling?” ”

That Earthling?

“”Great-aunt, are you talking about my boyfriend?”Bai Jingshu asked. ”

“”Tell me about this child of yours. Do you have no brains?”Bai Sanfeng held Bai Jingshu’s hand, she said earnestly, “Jingshu, you’re still young, and there are many things you don’t understand. Love is not just a spring in the sun and snow in the snow. There are also firewood, rice, oil, salt, soy sauce, vinegar, and tea! What can that Earthling give you?” ”

“Many young girls yearned for love with all their hearts. For Love, they were willing to risk their lives. Only after they plunged headfirst into it did they realize that the so-called love was actually the grave that ended their lives! ”

“The people outside wanted to go in, but the people inside could not come out. ”

Bai Jingshu was in such a situation right now. She needed someone to wake her up.

“”Great-aunt, I know that you’re doing this for my own good, but Lin Ze and I are in true love.” ”

True Love?

“Upon hearing this term, Bai Sanfeng immediately burst into laughter. ”

Men were all flirtatious big radishes. How could there be true love in this world! !

“What Bullsh * T True Love? It’s all used to deceive young girls like you!”

“Back then, Bai Sanfeng had also yearned for love. ”

Now..

“If time could go back to the past, she only wanted to slap her previous foolish self to death. ”

Love was not a matter of one person. It was a matter of two people or even two families.

“Bai Jingshu’s starting point was higher than Lin Ze’s, and her family background was better than Lin Ze’s. If Bai Jingshu really married Lin Ze, she would not be happy. ”

“If she really married Lin Ze, Bai Jingshu’s days of regret were still ahead. ”

“Elder bai continued, “Elder sister, you can’t deny the existence of true love just because you met someone unladylike.” ”

“Shut up!”Bai Sanfeng berated angrily.

“Elder Bai wanted to say something, but in the end, he did not say it. ”

“Elder sister was like a mother. If Bai Sanfeng had not been there, he would not have been her younger brother. ”

Bai Sanfeng looked at Bai Jingshu. “Listen to me. Break up with that Earthling right now!”

Only by breaking up right now could Bai Jingshu live a better life.

Bai Jingshu’s final destination was definitely not an earthling.

Bai Sanfeng would not let Bai Jingshu repeat her old path.

“Bai Jingshu looked up at Bai Sanfeng. “Great Aunt, I know that you’re doing this for my own good, but Lin Ze and I really love each other sincerely.” ”

“”Truly in love?”Bai Sanfeng sneered. “You’re Only a few years old this year, and you’re telling me that you’re truly in love? Do You Know What Love Is?” ”

“At the end of her sentence, Bai Sanfeng softened her stance, “Jingshu, great-aunt has also grown up at your age. I know that you yearn for love, but you absolutely don’t need such love. At your age, you should stay awake and not blindly fantasize. Otherwise, when you reach my age, it’ll be too late to regret.” ”

“As Bai Jingshu’s great-aunt, Bai Sanfeng really did not want to see Bai Jingshu Regret. ”

The path of regret was not an easy one.

The path was long and arduous.

“There was no turning back in the middle, especially when Bai Jingshu was facing an earthling. ”

“There was an insurmountable gap between them, and they had no common language at all. ”

“Bai Jingshu had never experienced love before. When Lin Ze suddenly appeared, she thought that this was the love she yearned for, but it wasn’t the case. ”

“Bai Jingshu looked at Bai sanfeng and said seriously, “Great-aunt, I can promise you that I will never regret it.” ”

Yes.

She would never regret it.

“Although she hadn’t spent much time with Lin Ze, she knew very well that Lin Ze was the person she wanted to be with for the rest of her life. ”

“No matter what she faced in the future, she would never regret it. ”

Never.

“Looking at Bai Jingshu like this, Bai Sanfeng sighed helplessly. ”

“Bai Jingshu was a good child, but she was too innocent. ”

“”You have never experienced such a thing, nor have you ever tasted regret. That’s why you said such absolute words. It’ll be too late when you regret it.” ” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Bai Sanfeng’s attitude was tough, but Bai Jingshu did not blame her. She knew that Bai Sanfeng was doing this for her own good. ”