Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

“Chapter 2351: 490: Green Tea, she regretted it”

Translator: 549690339

“For a woman, there were two opportunities in life. One was to use knowledge to change her fate and improve her self-worth when she was young. ”

“Obviously, Bai Jingshu had missed the opportunity to use knowledge to change her fate and improve her self-worth. ”

The other time was to get married.

“As husband and wife, marrying the right person was equivalent to rebirth. ”

Bai Jingshu had already missed out on one chance. This was her last.

“Bai Sanfeng hoped that Bai Jingshu would wake up in time and not make the same mistake again and again, falling into the abyss of Hell. ”

“Moreover, Bai Jingshu was too naive. She could not win against those sinister and cunning earthlings. ”

“As long as Bai Jingshu spoke, Bai Sanfeng would reach out and pull her back. ”

Who asked her to be Bai Jingshu’s great-aunt!

“Bai Jingshu raised her head and looked at Bai Sanfeng with a determined gaze. She enunciated each word clearly, “Great-aunt, don’t worry. I will definitely not regret marrying Lin Ze.” ”

Yes.

She would definitely not regret it.

She would never regret it.

“Hearing this, the hope on Bai Sanfeng’s face gradually faded. ”

She did not expect Bai Jingshu to be so stubborn.

“It was already so late, yet she was still so determined. ”

“”Alright, since this is your choice, I won’t say anything more.”Bai Sanfeng looked at Bai Jingshu and tried to suppress the anger in her heart, “Jingshu, you should take care of yourself in the future. Even if you encounter any unfair treatment, don’t go back to your parents’house and complain.” ”

Because this was Bai Jingshu’s own choice.

“As an adult, Bai Jingshu should be responsible for her own choices. ”

“She had said all kinds of nice things, but Bai Jingshu just wouldn’t listen to her. What else could she do? ”

“”Mm.”Bai Jingshu nodded. “Don’t worry, Great Aunt. I won’t cause you any trouble.” ”

Bai Sanfeng was a little angry when she saw Bai Jingshu acting like a dead pig that wasn’t afraid of boiling water.

“But at this moment, even if she was angry, she could only endure it. ”

“Bai Mo stood at the side, his eyes full of sarcasm. ”

“Bai Jingshu was really stupid. She actually wanted to marry that earthling, Lin Ze. ”

Was it because Lin ze was ye Zao’s older brother?

So what if he was ye Zao’s older brother?

“Other Than Ye Han and Shi Qingcheng attending today’s wedding banquet, no other big shots had come. This was enough to show Lin Ze’s position in the S Galaxy, and it also meant that ye Zao did not treat Lin Ze as his older brother at all, if ye Zao really treated Lin Ze as a big brother, he would definitely invite his own friends. ”

One had to know that ye Zao’s friends were all big shots.

“He was not Bai Jingshu. Back then, he did not choose Lin Ze because of Lin Ze’s looks. ”

“Most importantly, Lin Ze did not like Bai Jingshu at all. Lin Ze chose Bai Jingshu purely because she was Bai Jingshu’s sister. ” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The poor Bai Jingshu thought that Lin Ze loved her very much.

“Little did she know that in Lin Ze’s eyes, she was just a clown. ”

“The more Bai Mo thought about it, the more pleased she became. She walked up to Bai Jingshu and acted like a good sister. She said gently, “SIS, I hope that you’ll be happy and that you’ll be with brother-in-law forever.” ”

Bai Jingshu raised her head slightly. “I also hope that you’ll meet the right person soon.”

“”Thank you.”Bai Mo’s eyes were slightly red as he held Bai Jingshu’s hand with both hands. “SIS, I really can’t bear to part with you...” ”

“Bai Jingshu could see the acting on Bai Mo’s face. However, today was a big day for her and Lin Ze, so she did not want to expose Bai Mo directly. She smiled and said, “Momo, don’t be like this. I’ll come back to visit you often in the future.” ”

“Okay.”Bai Mo wiped his tears.

Bai Yuanyuan was naturally present at such occasions.

“The smile on Bai Yuanyuan’s face could not be hidden. She walked past the onlookers and arrived in front of Bai Jingshu, “Sister Jingshu, you’re going to Earth in the future. Don’t forget about us sisters. Remember what you said. Come back to visit us often.” ”

“Although she said that, Bai Yuanyuan secretly wished that Bai Jingshu would never come back. It would be best if she died on Earth. ”

“Okay.”Bai Jingshu nodded.

Bai Yuanyuan also imitated Bai Mo and hugged Bai Jingshu to express her reluctance to part with her.

The guests at the side were talking and laughing.

They only had one theme.

And that was that Bai Jingshu was too stupid.

“If she wasn’t stupid, who would marry a low-level earthling who had nothing. ”

“”Jingshu is so pretty. I thought she would marry some big shot, but it turns out she’s married to an Earthling.” ”

“”The last time I introduced her to that kid from the Li family, she complained that she didn’t have anything in common with him. Everything was just an excuse. She just complained that that kid from the Li family wasn’t tall, but no matter how short he was, he was still better than an earthling! “I don’t know what she was thinking!” ”