Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

“Chapter 251: 096: his strength is trash, exciting! College entrance examination champion! 8”

Translator: 549690339

The college entrance examination champion is his!

Ye Zhuo is a student of their class.

“If he didn’t ask ye Zhuo to change classes back then, what would have happened to Jiang Wenhui Now? ”

Qian Dabao wished he could give himself two slaps.

“However, Jiang Wenhui added fuel to the fire. “Teacher Qian, Congratulations on teaching the second place in the city!” ”

Qian Dabao’s expression turned even uglier.

“In front of the first place in the city, the second place in the city was nothing? ”

“If he had not asked ye Zhuo to transfer schools, then the first and second place in the city would have been his. ”

“Jiang Wenhui patted Qian Dabao on the shoulder, “Teacher Qian, I still have to thank you. If it weren’t for you, our class wouldn’t have such an outstanding student like God Ye! There wouldn’t have been a top scorer in the city! Tonight, you must drink more!” ”

Qian Dabao’s expression became even more unsightly.

His forehead was covered in layers of cold sweat.

It was even worse than being dead.

Ye Shu was busy in the restaurant.

“Suddenly, she received a call from an unknown number. ”

“”Hello, Hello.” ”

“”Hello, are you student ye Zhuo’s mother?” ”

“I am.”

“The voice on the other end sounded particularly excited. “Hello, I am the person in charge of the admissions office of Qinghua University. My surname is Lu! Congratulations to your daughter student ye Zhuo for obtaining an excellent score of 749 points in this college entrance examination! May I ask if you have...” ”

The following words.

Ye Shu couldn’t hear clearly.

“After a long while, she finally found her voice. “You, you’re Not a liar, right?” ”

“”Mother ye Zhuo, how can I be a liar! Haven’t you gone to the official website to check student ye Zhuo’s college entrance examination results? Your Daughter is this year’s top scorer in science in your city!” ”

“”I, I’ll go check now!”After saying that, Ye Shu hung up the phone with trembling hands. ”

“As soon as the phone was hung up, a new phone rang. ”

Ye Shu picked up the phone.

“”Yes, I am ye Zhuo’s mother! My surname is Ye.” ”

“”Hello, Ms. Ye. I am the person-in-charge of the admissions office of Beijing University. Congratulations to your daughter for entering the golden roll and getting a good score of 749 points!”! “May I ask if you and Ye Zhuo have considered our Beijing University?”? “As long as you are willing to come to our Beijing University, we will arrange for a private car to pick you up and waive all tuition fees!” ”

“After hanging up, Ye Shu immediately went to the bar and opened the computer web page. She entered the scoring system. ”

Only when she saw ye Zhuo’s score did she believe that it was real!

“Ye Shu covered her mouth. After a long while, she finally reacted. “Nana! Come over here for a moment!” ”

Bai Nana immediately ran over. “What’s wrong with the Lady Boss?”

“Ye Shu continued, “She got the top scorer in the market!”! “Go tell the customers who are eating now that I’ll give them a free meal to celebrate my daughter getting the top scorer!”! “Also, all the customers who come in later will get a 50% discount!”! “Also, I’ll give each of you an 800 Yuan raise this month!” ”

It was better to be happy alone than to be happy together!

Ye Shu was really too excited!

She couldn’t wait to share this joyous event with everyone.

“Hearing this, Bai nana smiled and said, “Lady Boss, Congratulations! I knew that burning flame would definitely get a good result! I’ll go and inform the others now!” ”

“When the customers who were eating heard about this, they were also very happy. Everyone came over to congratulate ye Shu. Some people even suggested taking a photo with Ye Shu, wanting to share the joy of being the top scorer. ”

Many of them even posted it on their wechat moments.

They could be considered to have gotten a boost from being the top scorer today.

“Ye Sen was the same as ye Shu. At the same time, he also received a call from the various famous schools ‘fighting over’ye Zao. ”

After hanging up the phone.

He was completely dumbfounded!

“Then, he quickly called his secretary, Xiao Hu. ”

“”President Ye, what are your orders?” ”

“Ye Sen tried his best to sound calm as he said, “Order a cup of milk tea for everyone in the company right now. Then tell them to get off work half an hour earlier today. I’ll treat them to hot pot!” ”

“Hearing that, Xiao Hu said in surprise, “What’s wrong, CEO Ye? What happy event happened?” ”

“Ye Sen could no longer control himself, he said excitedly, “My eldest niece! Ye Zao! It’s Zao Zao, you met her last time! She’s the top scholar in the market! The best in the city! 749 points! She’s the first person in so many years to score 749 points naked!” ”

“”Congratulations, CEO Ye!” ”

“Ever since he had seen ye Zao’s abilities the last time, Xiao Hu knew that ye Zao was not an ordinary little girl. ”

It was not very surprising that she could get the top scorer in the college entrance examination!

An ordinary person could get a contract with Toaeon?

...

At the same time.

Beijing.

Feng Xianxian got 743 points.

She was third place in Beijing.

“With such good results, Feng Qianhua naturally had to bring Feng Xianxian to the Lin family. ”

“When they arrived, Lin Ze was chatting with Old Lady Lin. ”

“Old Lady Lin was especially happy to see Feng Xianxian. “Xianxian is here today! Xianxian, come over quickly! Grandma hasn’t seen you for a while.” ”

Feng Xianxian immediately walked over to give Old Lady Lin a massage.

“Feng Qianhua gave the nutritious soup to Old Lady Lin. “Aunt Lin, be careful, it’s hot.” ”

“Feng Xianxian said while massaging, “Grandma Lin, the college entrance exam results are out. Back then, you promised me that as long as I do well in the exam, you would give me a surprise. I wonder if you still remember this sentence?” ”

“Hearing this, Old Madam Lin sat up straight from her chair. “The results are out already? Xianxian, how much did you get?” ”

“Feng Qianhua deliberately said with a straight face, “Her! She only got third place in the entire city! Xianxian, with such poor results, you have the nerve to ask your grandma Lin for a surprise?” ”

Feng Xianxian pouted unhappily.

“Old Madam Lin said in surprise, “Isn’t it good that she got third place in the entire city? If Our Ah Ze could get third place in the entire city, I would wake up laughing in my dreams!” ”

What a pity.

Lin Ze did not have such good results.

“Feng Qianhua said, “Aunt Lin, Xianxian, this child, is especially careless with her questions. If she can do well in her exams this time, she might even get second place! Ah Ze’s results have always been pretty good, so he must be doing very well too! “By the way, Ah Ze, how many points did you get?” ”

Lin Ze’s tone was indifferent. “I haven’t checked yet.”

Didn’t check?

Perhaps his score was too low and he was too ashamed to say it out loud?

“Feng Qianhua’s eyes flashed with sarcasm, she continued, “Ah Ze, it’s alright if you don’t perform well. The key university is a university, so doesn’t that mean that a normal university isn’t a university? Actually, it’s all the same! You Don’t have to bear any psychological burden!” ”

Old Madam Lin Sighed.

She felt a little embarrassed.

“After all, Feng Xianxian was ranked third in the city. ”

“And her favorite grandson, however... ”

“Feng Xianxian seemed to have suddenly thought of something and said with a smile, “Brother Ah Ze, there are so many repeaters now. You can choose to repeat! When the time comes, I’ll help you review! I guarantee that you’ll be ranked second in the country next year!” ”

Feng Qianhua’s eyes were filled with pride.

It was her daughter who gave her face.

“Old Mrs. Lin’s eyes lit up and she looked up at Lin ze, “AH ZE, Grandma feels that Xianxian’s words are very reasonable! Why Don’t you repeat for a year! Let Xianxian personally tutor you.” ”

Lin Ze did not say anything.

“Seeing Lin ze like this, old Mrs. Lin frowned slightly and was about to say something. ”

“At this moment, the Butler suddenly ran in and said breathlessly, “Old Lady! Old Lady!” ”

“What’s the matter? Why are you in such a hurry?”

“The butler continued, “There are people from the television station outside. They say that they want to interview the young master! Are you letting them in?” ”

Old Mrs. Lin frowned. “Why are the television station people interviewing Ah Ze?” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

For no reason...

Could it be that Lin Ze had done something bad?

“The butler continued, “Don’t you know? The young master is the top scorer in Beijing’s liberal arts college entrance examination this year!” ”

“Hearing this, the bowl in Madam Lin’s hand fell to the ground. “What, what did you say?” ”