Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2502: 527: Why wouldn’t I Dare? 3

Translator: 549690339

“Song Shiyu said, “He’s 188 centimeters tall and comes from a good family background. He’s about the same age as you.” ”

“What about his looks?”Li Yueyue was a super handsome dog.

“Song Shiyu continued, “He’s of better quality.” ”

“Li Yueyue hurriedly said, “Then push his wechat to me!” ”

“”Okay.”Song Shiyu said as he played hero, “I’ll push his business card to ye Zao and then ask ye Zao to push it to you.” ”

He and Li Yueyue did not add each other on wechat. They only added in-game accounts.

“Okay.”

“Zhao Pingting joined in the fun. “Mr. Song, can you introduce me too?” ”

“And me! And Me!”It was an Lizi’s voice.

“Li Yueyue smiled and said, “Be careful that I don’t tell your dog two that you want to cheat on him!” ”

“Don’t spout nonsense. There’s nothing between ME and Dog Two!”

“Zhao pingting said, “It’s indeed quite innocent, so innocent that we’re even kissing.” ”

“Hahahaha!”Li Yueyue laughed until her stomach hurt.

An Lizi:”...”all the bamboo shoots on the mountain were taken away.

“After playing the game, Song Shiyu logged into wechat and pushed the boy’s Wechat to ye Zao. ”

Ye Zao sent a question mark over.

Song Shiyu explained what happened.

“[ okay, I’ll immediately push it to Yueyue. I didn’t expect you to be a part-time matchmaker [ dog head ] . ] ”

[ it’s good to help others. ]

“After Li Yueyue received the business card, she immediately added the boy’s wechat. ”

“Song Shiyu had good taste. Although the two had never met, they had a very pleasant chat. ”

They even arranged to have hotpot together on the weekend.

“Li Yueyue sent a wechat message to Ye Zhuo: [ I will definitely thank Mr. Song properly after it is done. His efficiency is simply too high. I told him that day, but I didn’t expect him to really remember it. ] ”

“Li Yueyue was quite emotional now. After all, Song Shiyu was a very busy big shot. ”

It was really flattering to be able to make a big shot pay so much attention to her matters.

“Do you guys want to add him on wechat? I’ll push his wechat to you?”Ye Zhuo asked.

“Sure!”

Ye Zhuo pushed song Shiyu’s wechat to Li Yueyue.

“Li Yueyue clicked to add. She thought that she could successfully add song Shiyu, but she did not expect song Shiyu to set a “No friend”policy. ”

“However, Li Yueyue did not look for ye Zhuo. After all, she was not in a relationship with song Shiyu, so it did not matter whether she added him or not. ” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“After chatting with Li Yueyue, ye Zao sat on the bay window and read a book for a while. ”

“The sunlight shone in from outside the window, shining evenly on her body, giving people a peaceful feeling. ”

“When Cen Shaoqing returned, this was what he saw. ”

“His footsteps were very soft, but ye Zao reacted at the first moment. He turned his head to look in the direction of the door, and surprise flashed in his eyes. ”

“Leader.”

Ye Zao put down the book and smiled. “Are you done?”

“Yes.”Cen Shaoqing nodded slightly.

“Ye Zao continued, “When did you come back? Why didn’t you tell me?” ”

“I just arrived. I wanted to give you a surprise.”

Ye Zao put down the book and walked to his side. He stood on Tiptoe and hooked his arms around his neck. “It’s indeed quite a surprise.”

Cen Shaoqing reached out and hugged her waist. He lowered his head slightly and his thin lips covered her red lips.

He did not go deep.

It was just a light kiss.

“After a moment, ye Zao let go of him and continued, “Have you eaten lunch?” ”

“”No.”Cen Shaoqing twirled the Buddhist beads and asked, “What about you?” ”

“I haven’t eaten lunch either. Let’s eat together.”

“Okay.”Cen Shaoqing nodded slightly.

“Ye Zao continued, “Then wait for me for a moment. I’ll change my clothes.” ”

“Change your clothes?”Cen Shaoqing raised his eyebrows slightly.

“”It’s a perk for my boyfriend,”ye Zao said. ”

“Cen Shaoqing thought for a moment and said, “Then wear that yellow dress.” ”

“Ye Zao had a yellow one-piece dress with a sling on it. It was very revealing. The bright yellow fabric made his skin extremely fair. It was clearly not revealing anything, but it gave people a feeling that he could not stop. ”

Cen Shaoqing really liked ye Zao wearing that one-piece dress.

“Okay.”Ye Zao nodded slightly. “I’ll satisfy you.”

“Ye Zao turned around and went to the changing room to change his clothes. Very quickly, he changed into a one-piece dress and walked out. ”

“He wore a one-piece dress on his ankles and a pair of nude-colored high heels. He looked extremely slender, like a fairy who had fallen into the mortal world by mistake. ”

Cen Shaoqing looked at the person in front of him and was momentarily stunned.

“Is it good-looking?”Ye Zhuo asked.

“Yes.”Cen Shaoqing nodded slightly. “But leader...”