Chapter 2505: 529: Marriage Proposal 2

Translator: 549690339 Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

This feeling was pretty good.

“When Cen Shaoqing returned to the villa and found that ye Zhuo was not there, he sent a message asking where ye Zhuo was now. ”

Ye Zhuo replied very quickly.

[ I’m preparing to follow the local fishermen to catch the sea. I’m at the small shop now. ]

“Since he was going to catch the sea, he naturally had to buy some tools to catch the sea. ”

[ I’ll be there soon. ] Cen Shaoqing replied.

“The small shop was not far from here, so Cen Shaoqing arrived soon. ”

Ye Zhuo had already bought the tools.

“A crab trap, a bucket, two small shovels, and some other tools. ”

“Why did you buy so many?”Cen Shaoqing walked forward and took the things in her hands.

“”Aren’t we going to the island? We can take them to the island,”ye Zhuo said. ”

“”Okay.”Cen Shaoqing stuffed the Buddha beads into his pocket and continued, “When do we set off? I’ll inform someone to bring the yacht over.” ”

“Drive the yacht?”Ye Zao asked.

“CEN shaoqing nodded slightly, “Yes.” ”

“Ye Zao was a little speechless and said, “Mr. Cen, please make it clear. We’re going to catch the sea, not to play! Who would drive a yacht to catch the sea?” ”

“Then how are we going to get there?”Cen Shaoqing asked.

A helicopter?

He only had these two means of transportation at the moment.

“Ye Zhuo looked at Cen Shaoqing and said, “You really are an otherworldly young master.” ”

Cen Shaoqing raised his hand and touched his nose. He did not say anything and did not refute.

“In front of the person he liked, he had to lower his head when he should. ”

“Ye Zhuo continued, “Let’s go with the fishermen. I have already made an appointment to meet at the west pier at 1:30.” ”

“After saying that, Ye Zhuo grabbed Cen Shaoqing’s wrist and looked at the time on his watch. “It’s almost 1:30. Let’s Go Faster.” ”

Cen Shaoqing immediately followed ye Zhuo’s footsteps.

The two of them walked towards the west pier together.

“After about 15 minutes, they finally arrived at the west pier. ”

“When the two of them arrived, the fishermen had also just arrived. ”

“Miss Ye!”An elderly granny saw ye Zhuo walking over and immediately greeted him with a smile.

“”Granny,”Ye Zhuo said with a smile. ”

“The granny held ye Zhuo’s hand and turned to look at Cen Shaoqing. She then asked, “Is this your boyfriend?” ”

“”Yes.”Ye Zhuo nodded slightly. “This is my boyfriend, Cen Shaoqing.” ”

“CEN Shaoqing politely said, “Hello, Granny.” ”

“”Good, good, good.”The granny turned to look at the side and raised her voice. “Little Guo!” ”

“Hearing that, a little girl who looked to be thirteen or fourteen years old immediately ran over. ”

“”Granny, What’s Wrong?” ”

“The granny continued, “Bring Mr. Cen and miss ye onto the boat.” ”

“”Alright.”Xiao Guo smiled and said, “Brother and sister, come with me.” ”

“The granny took the tools from Cen Shaoqing’s hands and said, “Just give me the things.” ”

“CEN Shaoqing said, “Granny, I’ll Take It.” ”

“The granny smiled and said, “You don’t know where to put it, let me do it! Don’t worry, I can take it!” ”

“Hearing that, Cen Shaoqing had no choice but to put the things down and let the granny take it away. ”

“Xiao Guo continued, “My granny has been on the ship since she was born. Brother, don’t worry, she’ll be fine.” ”

“After saying that, Xiao Guo looked at ye Zhuo and asked, “Sister, are you and brother a couple?” ”

“Yes.”Ye Zhuo nodded slightly.

“Xiao Guo smiled and said, “I knew it would be like this. Sister, you and brother are a perfect match!” ”

“Xiao Guo had followed her out to sea since she was young. She could be considered as someone who had seen a lot of things. Indeed, she had never seen a couple like ye Zhuo and Cen Shaoqing who were a perfect match. ”

“”Thank you.”Ye Zhuo continued to ask, “How long will it take for us to reach the place?” ”

“Little Guo replied, “Twenty minutes will do.” ”

“Okay.”Ye Zhuo nodded slightly.

“Little Guo brought ye Zhuo and Cen Shaoqing to the bow of the ship. “Brother and sister, you can sit here. If there’s anything, just call me.” ”

“Okay.”

“Cen Shaoqing had a serious mysophobia. Before ye Zhuo sat down, he took out a handkerchief and carefully wiped the stool. ”

“Ye Zao smiled and said, “If you’re not here, I’ll just sit on it.” ”

Ye Zao did not have a mysophobia. He did not care about trifles and was even more heroic than a boy at certain times.

“CEN Shaoqing said, “Actually, there’s nothing dirty about it. I’m just used to it.” ”

“While eating in the restaurant, Cen Shaoqing knew that the cutlery had already been sterilized, but he habitually used boiling water to boil it again. ”

“If it was possible, he would even bring his own cutlery. ”

“Also, his bed absolutely did not allow others to sit on it casually. ”

He even refused to let others into his bedroom.

“Xiao Guo sat on the deck not far away, looking at ye Zhuo’s side profile in a daze. ”