Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 252: 097: Today was also a day of being crushed by the big boss

Translator: 549690339

Top Scholar in the liberal arts?

Lin Ze actually got the top scholar in the liberal arts!

It wasn’t just Old Lady Lin who was stunned.

“Even Feng Qianhua and Feng Xianxian, who were at the side, were stunned. Their faces became extremely pale. ”

How did Lin Ze get the top scholar in the liberal arts?

Wasn’t his results average?

What the hell was going on?

“Just a moment ago, Feng Qianhua was still feeling smug because Feng Xianxian got the third place in the city, but in the blink of an eye, Lin Ze got the top scorer in the liberal arts! ”

“Compared to the top scorer in the liberal arts, what was the third place in the city? ”

It took Mrs. Lin a long time to react. She grabbed the housekeeper’s hand. “Did you hear it right? Did Ah Ze really get the top scorer in the liberal arts?”

“The housekeeper nodded excitedly. “Yes! It’s true! Old Lady, the young master really got the top scorer in the liberal arts! The total score is 749 points!” ”

“Good! That’s great! Ah Ze has brought glory to our Lin Family!”Mrs. Lin was so excited that her eyes were red. “Quick! Quickly invite everyone from the television station in!”

Mrs. Lin originally did not like the media.

“The Lin family was a prominent family in Beijing. In the eyes of outsiders, they were a mysterious and flamboyant existence. There were many variety shows that wanted to interview Mrs. Lin, but she had rejected them all! ”

“But now, it was different. ”

“This time, Lin Ze was the top scorer! ”

Four or nine cities were neither big nor small. The fact that Lin Ze was able to stand out from so many people was enough to prove Lin Ze’s strength.

“Moreover, among Old Lady Lin’s many grandchildren, not to mention her grandson, even her great-grandson was not able to get the top scorer. ”

Lin Ze was worthy of being the grandson that she had personally raised.

He was truly amazing.

“This time, Mrs. Lin was also honored that Lin Ze had passed the exam. ”

The housekeeper quickly ran outside to invite the reporters in.

“Mrs. Lin then instructed the other servants, “Quickly prepare some fruits and snacks! Also, prepare some red packets. I don’t know how many people there are, but remember to prepare more red packets! Oh right, also, when you guys get off work later, everyone go to the housekeeper to get a red packet!” ” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“”Thank you, Old Lady.” ”

“The servants were busy, and the Lin family was in a state of joy. ”

“Old Lady Lin turned to look at Lin Ze, her face full of affection. “Ah Ze! You’ve really brought glory to our Lin family this time!” ”

“Feng Qianhua immediately reacted and said with a smile, “Congratulations, Ah Ze! This is the top scholar in the arts! Usually, I’ve only seen other people’s children on television, but this time, I’ve finally seen my own child on television!” ”

“Lin Ze looked at Feng Qianhua and his tone was cold, “Auntie Feng, you really don’t see me as an outsider. What does my appearance on television have to do with your child? If you want your child to appear on television, you can ask Feng Xianxian to repeat her studies for a year. I can tutor her.” ”

Lin Ze returned the words that Feng Qianhua and her daughter had just said to him to her.

Feng Qianhua choked and her expression was a little awkward.

“Under normal circumstances, old Mrs. Lin would have reprimanded Lin Ze. ”

“But now, this damn old woman did not say a word, as if she did not hear anything! ”

Damn Old Woman!

She was so good to her!

But she treated her like this.

“At this moment, Feng Qianhua could only bite her teeth and swallow her blood. She smiled and said, “Xianxian doesn’t have the talent to be the top scorer. Even if she repeats her studies, I’m afraid she won’t be as good as Ah Ze. How can you be so good that you can take high school in one fell swoop!” ”

“Old Madam Lin smiled and continued, “Xianxian is also very good! A girl actually got third place in the entire city! which family’s daughter in our circle can be as good as Xianxian?” ”

Feng Qianhua gave a fake smile.

That was just very good.

“At this moment, in Old Madam Lin’s eyes, no matter how good Feng Xianxian’s performance was, she probably couldn’t compare to Lin Ze who was the top scorer. ”

“Thinking of this, Feng Qianhua’s eyes darkened. ”

She originally came here today to see Lin Ze make a fool of himself.

She didn’t expect that!

She had failed to steal the chicken.

“Instead, she made a wedding dress for Lin Ze. ”

What was going on?

Feng Qianhua was very regretful!

The reporters were about to arrive.

“Old Lady Lin tilted her head to look at Feng Qianhua and asked nervously, “Qianhua, look at my messy hair. Should I go and change my clothes? Can I just appear on camera like this?” ”

“Feng Qianhua smiled as if nothing had happened and said gently, “Aunt Lin, you’re very good like this. Your Hair is not messy and your clothes are very suitable for you! If you appear on TV like this, you’ll be the most beautiful grandmother in China!” ”

“Hearing that, Madam Lin heaved a sigh of relief and smiled so much that she could not close her mouth. She tidied her hair and said, “Qianhua, you’re the only one who knows how to make me happy.” ”