Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2512: 531: pregnant

Translator: 549690339

“In Old Mrs. Cen’s heart, no matter if it was a boy or a girl, they were all her great-grandchildren. ”

“As long as it was ye Zao’s, she would like it. ”

“Ye Zao was so outstanding, so his genes must be very strong. When the time came, the child born would definitely be as outstanding as her, becoming a person who was useful to society and the country. ”

“Cen Yueya smiled and said, “Then have you thought of a name yet?” ”

“Old Mrs. Cen said, “I haven’t thought of one yet. After all, he is my great-grandson. Of course, we have to be careful when choosing a name.” ”

“What is the seniority of the child of Zao Zao and the Fifth Girl?”Cen Yueya asked.

“Old Mrs. Cen Thought for a moment and said, “It’s from the virtuous generation.” ”

“Cen Yueya smiled and said, “Then, if it’s a girl, let’s call her CEN defei.” ”

“Hearing this, Old Mrs. Cen slapped Cen Yueya on the head without saying a word. ”

“What nonsense are you spouting!”

“Cen Yueya raised her head aggrievedly. “What’s wrong, Grandma!” ”

Wasn’t calling her defei a pretty name?

“She had brought in the seniority, and it was even pretty. ”

“Your third great-aunt’s name is Cen Defei!”Old Mrs. Cen said.

The Cen family’s old master was an only child.

“Although this third great aunt was born in a side family and was not as good as the orthodox Cen family, she was also an influential person of the generation. However, she was now old and lived in seclusion. It was very difficult for the younger generation to meet her. ”Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

It was very normal for CEN Yueya not to remember this third great aunt.

“Cen Yueya said somewhat strangely, “Why don’t I remember that I have a third great aunt called Cen Defei?” ”

“”MHM.”Old Mrs. Cen nodded and looked out of the window. She smiled and said, “Speaking of which, I haven’t seen your third great aunt for a long time. It’s normal that you don’t remember.” ”

Many years passed in a flash.

Some things seemed to have just happened yesterday.

“Will the old lady come to the Fifth Lass’Wedding?”Cen Yueya asked.

“Old Mrs. Cen Shook Her head and said uncertainly, “She’s used to being idle these years and doesn’t care much about the matters of the younger generation. When the time comes, she’ll definitely be notified.” ”

But whether she would come or not was unknown.

Cen Yueya Thought for a moment. “I seem to have some impression of this third aunt. Does she especially like kunqu?”

“”Yes.”Old Mrs. Cen nodded and continued, “Not only does your third aunt like kunqu, she sings very well too. Back then, she almost became an kunqu artist.” ”

“When third great aunt was young, she had once crazily pursued an kunqu artist. ”

She was brave enough to face her innermost feelings.

“If she liked it, she would pursue it. ”

“If she didn’t like it, it would definitely not be ambiguous. ”

“When she learned that the artist had a fiancée, she cut off all contact with the artist without saying a word. ”

“After that, although she still liked kunqu opera very much, she never looked for an artist again. ”

Her feelings seemed to come and go quickly.

“Cen Yueya smiled and said, “I really want to see third aunt again.” ”

“”Try to invite her over when the time comes,”said old Mrs. Cen. ”

“CEN Yueya continued, “Oh right, fifth girl’s proposal was successful this time. Does that mean that the two of them can hold a wedding soon?” ”

“Ye Zhuo had already graduated, and both of their careers were stable now. It was a good choice to get married at this time. ”

“Old Mrs. Cen shook her head. “I’m not sure either. When the fifth girl comes back, I’ll ask him again.” ”

“Of course, she had to discuss this matter with Lin Jincheng and ye Shu before choosing an auspicious day. ”

Cen Yueya took out her phone. “I’ll call and ask when they’ll be back.”

“Wait a moment.”She had just taken out her phone when old Mrs. Cen stopped her.

Cen Yueya looked at Old Mrs. Cen. “What’s wrong with Grandma?”

Old Mrs. Cen looked at Cen Yueya. “Why Are You So Annoying? The couple is on a sweet vacation. Why are you calling them now?”

“Cen Yueya smiled and said, “That’s true. Then I’ll call them tomorrow.” ”

“Zhou Xiang continued, “Mom, shouldn’t we prepare some things for the wedding now?” ”

“Although Zhou Xiang had four daughters, the things she had to prepare for marrying a daughter-in-law and marrying a daughter-in-law were different. ”

There were many things that she didn’t need to worry about when she married a daughter.

“However, it was different when she married a daughter-in-law. ”

“She had to take care of all aspects when she married a daughter-in-law, and she couldn’t leave anyone with anything to talk about. ”

“At the same time, she had to give the in-laws enough decorations. ”

“”Yes, we have to prepare.”Old Mrs. Cen nodded. “I’ll draw up a list later. You just have to follow the instructions above.” ”

There were many things to prepare for a wedding.

“Old Mrs. Cen wanted to give ye Zao a prosperous wedding, so of course, she had to prepare many days in advance. ”