Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 253: 097: Today was also a day of being crushed by the big boss

Translator: 549690339

Not to mention other things.

Feng Qianhua’s mouth could not be compared to anyone else’s.

She was old and could not listen to anything. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Other than beautiful words.

“At this moment, the Butler brought the reporter to the main hall, and Old Lady Lin hurriedly went out to welcome him. ”

“The butler introduced, “Reporter comrade, this is our young master’s grandmother, and this is our young master, Lin Ze!” ”

“The reporter quickly passed the microphone over. “Hello, are you the Grand Scholar’s grandmother?” ”

Old Lady Lin was shocked by the words ‘Grand Scholar’s grandmother’. She immediately laughed so hard that her eyes could not be seen.

“She had been addressed many times in her life. Before she got married, everyone called her Miss Zheng, director Zheng, after she got married, everyone called her Mrs. Lin, the matriarch of the Lin family, and now, Old Lady Lin... ”

This was the first time she had been addressed as Grandma Champion.

“In an instant, she felt her face brighten up. ”

She had a lot of face!

“As the saying goes, all things are inferior, but only those who are highly educated. ”

Old Lady Lin felt that this should be the most glorious moment in her life.

“I am.”Old Lady Lin nodded. “I am Lin Ze’s grandmother.”

“The reporter continued, “Hello, Grandma Champion. May I ask how you usually educate Lin Ze? Can you share your experience in educating children with the parents in front of the television?” ”

“Old Madam Lin said proudly, “Our ah ze, this child, has been smart since he was young. When he was only three years old, he already knew how to recite the three-character classic and the rules of his disciples. Actually, I didn’t really care about him. The main thing is that this child has done his best! He loves to learn! It’s said that a filial son is born from a stick. Actually, this saying is wrong. You Can’t be violent with a child!” ”

She was really very proud.

Old Mrs. Lin still had a few close old sisters. Their grandson was also taking the college entrance exam this year.

“When the program was broadcast, they would definitely die of envy. ”

“Feng Xianxian stood by the side and watched, feeling extremely uncomfortable. ”

“Just a moment ago, she was still the center of attention. ”

“But in the next second, she became an ugly duckling. ”

She became a foil to Lin Ze.

“Feng Xianxian looked up at Lin Ze, her eyes filled with anger! ”

Lin Ze!

It was all Lin Ze!

“If it wasn’t for Lin Ze, she would be the one being praised by Old Mrs. Lin, and she would be the one being interviewed by the reporters! ”

“With Lin Ze’s status, how could he surpass her to become the number one in the city? ”

“Lin Ze’s mother was a low-class person, and he was also a low-class person! ”

His grades were bad.

He was absent during class.

He did not attend any training classes.

The homework assigned by the teacher had never been completed on time.

She was so hardworking!

“A few nights before the college entrance examination, she had never had a good night’s sleep, but she actually did not do as well as Lin Ze! ”

It was unfair!

This was simply unfair!

“Feng Xianxian was so angry that her entire body was trembling, but she still tried hard to suppress her emotions. ”

“After the interview with the reporter, Old Mrs. Lin asked everyone to eat, and then asked the maid to give the reporter a red packet prepared in advance. She was extremely happy. ”

“The reporter, the cameraman, and the other staff members were also very happy. ”

This was the first time in their lives that they had received a red packet from the news.

They were originally worried that a big family like the Lin family would refuse their interview.

“They didn’t expect that not only did they not refuse, but they were even so enthusiastic. ”

“Old Lady Lin smiled and said, “You guys don’t have to be so polite. These fruits were just flown over from Poland this morning. Normally, you can’t eat them outside.” ”

“On the other hand, the main character, Lin Ze, had always been indifferent. ”

He was neither proud of being the top scorer in the college entrance examination nor proud of being on television.

If it was possible.

He would rather exchange the title of top scorer for his mother’s return.

Unfortunately.

No.

Lin Ze looked out the window and into the distance.

“The reporter continued, “Grandma Top Scorer, my son will be taking the college entrance exam next year. May I take a picture with you to share your happiness?” ”

“Normally, old Mrs. Lin would not want to take a picture with a stranger. ”

But today was different.

“Today, she was not the old lady of the Lin family. ”

She was the grandmother of the top scorer!

Her grandson was the top scorer of the college entrance examination in Beijing!

“If these people wanted to bask in the glory of the top scorer, of course, she would be willing. ”

“Okay! No problem.”Old Lady Lin nodded without hesitation.

“The reporter took a photo with Old Lady Lin as he wished. Then, he took out a brand-new notebook. “Student Lin Ze, can I trouble you to write a sentence of encouragement for my son?” ”

Lin Ze nodded and took the notebook. He wrote a paragraph on it:

“The blade of a sword is sharpened, and the fragrance of plum blossoms comes from the bitter cold. ”