Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2527: 533: re-check 4

Translator: 549690339

“Hearing the footsteps, Vivi immediately put down her phone and looked out of the door. “Sister Ye!” ”

“After hearing their interactions over the past few days, Vivi’s address of ye Zao had changed from Miracle Doctor Ye to Sister Ye. ”

“The door was pushed open and ye Zao, who was wearing a white coat, walked in. ”

“”Vivi, how are you feeling today?”Ye Zao asked. ”

“”I feel pretty good,”Vivi said. ”

Ye Zao sat in front of the hospital bed and checked Vivi’s pulse.

“”How is it?”As soon as ye Zao released his hand, Vivi said impatiently, “Sister Ye, can I be discharged from the hospital soon?” ”

Ye Zao smiled and nodded. “Yes.”

“Really?”Vivi’s eyes lit up. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“”Of course it’s true,”ye Zao said. ”

“Vivi hugged ye Zao excitedly. “Sister Ye, thank you!” ”

“Before she met ye Zao, Vivi felt that it was the same whether she lived or died. ”

“But now, she suddenly felt that living was actually pretty good. ”

“”This is what a doctor should do.”Ye Zao looked at Vivi and continued, “The most important thing for you now is to cooperate with the treatment.” ”

“Okay.”Weiwei nodded. “I will.”

“After giving some instructions, ye Zao and Doctor Wang left the ward. ”

“After leaving the ward, doctor Wang looked at ye Zao and said, “Miss Ye, you, you...”he suddenly did not know how to speak halfway. ”

“Ye Zao smiled slightly and turned to look at Doctor Wang. He asked, “You want to ask why I lied to Weiwei?” ”

“Yes.”Doctor Wang nodded.

“Ye Zao continued, “I didn’t lie to her.” ”

Didn’t lie?

Doctor Wang looked at ye Zao in disbelief.

“Weiwei’s illness was very strange. Although ye Zao had dealt with it, they had yet to determine the final cause. ”

“Up until now, there was still no treatment plan, but ye Zao said that it could cure Weiwei. ”

“No matter how one looked at it, it was inconceivable. ”

“Doctor Wang continued, “Miss Ye, but haven’t we found the cause of the disease?” ”

“Didn’t chief physician Feng Tell You?”Ye Zao continued to ask.

Doctor Wang shook his head.

“Ye Zao said, “The cause of the disease was confirmed last night.” ”

“Doctor Wang seemed to have remembered something and continued, “Miss Ye, are you saying that Weiwei has ordinary malaria?” ”

“”Yes.”Ye Zhuo nodded slightly. “Although Weiwei’s illness looks very different from malaria, she is indeed malaria. As long as she is treated with malaria, she will definitely recover.” ”

“Doctor Wang was still in disbelief. “Really, really?” ”

Ordinary malaria was nothing in front of professional doctors like them.

“If it was really malaria, they would not be able to detect it. ”

“”It’s true.”Ye Zhuo looked at his watch and said, “My time is up. I’ll be leaving first.” ”

“”Take care, Miss Ye.”Seeing ye Zhuo’s figure walk out of the door, doctor Wang was still a little incredulous. ”

“After a moment, he came back to his senses and walked back to Weiwei’s ward. ”

“Seeing doctor Wang coming back, Weiwei asked curiously, “Doctor Wang, Why Are You Back? where is Sister Ye?” ”

“”She went back first.”Doctor Wang continued, “Weiwei, come with me for a check-up.” ”

“”A check-up?”Weiwei asked curiously, “I already had a check-up yesterday. Sister Ye said there’s no need to do it again.” ”

“After saying that, VIVI continued to ask, “Is there a problem?” ”

“Doctor Wang nodded. “Yes, so we need to do a new check-up.” ”

“”Okay.”Vivi nodded and got down from the bed. She then asked, “Where’s sister Ye?” ”

“”Miss Ye has already gone back,”doctor Wang said. ”

“”OH.”Vivi said, “Then let’s go.” ”

“With that, Vivi walked in front. ”

“Dr. Wang wanted to give Vivi a check-up on malaria. If it was really malaria, it would definitely be detected. ”