Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2530: 533: Surprise 3

Translator: 549690339

What happened back then was indeed her fault.

“Wang Jun’s mother continued, “Jun Jun, this time, you can be at ease and do it boldly. No one will drag you down.” ”

“Wang Jun turned to look at his mother and nodded firmly. “Yes, mother!” ”

“This time, he would prove himself to the whole world. ”

...

On the other side.

“After ye Zhuo left the hospital, he made another trip to the base. ”

“Recently, CEN Shaoqing had gone on a business trip, so the base was a little busy. ”

“After ye Zao left the base and got into the car, he received a call from CEN Shaoqing. ”

“As Ye Zao started the engine, he picked up the Bluetooth headset and put it on. Then, he slid to the receiver. ”

“”Hello, leader.”A deep and magnetic voice came from the other end of the headset. ”

“Yes.”

“Have you eaten?”Cen Shaoqing asked.

Ye Zhuo held the steering wheel with both hands. “Not yet. I’m about to eat. What About You?”

“I haven’t either.”Cen Shaoqing twirled the Buddhist beads. “What do you want to eat? I’ll get someone to call the same thing over. We can synchronize.”

“”Yes...”Ye Zhuo thought for a moment and then said, “I want to eat braised pork in red sauce. I want to eat green pepper with tiger skin, shrimp skirt with soup, and a double dessert. That would be perfect.” ”

“Then go eat. I’ll ask my secretary to order it for me.”

“Okay.”

“CEN Shaoqing continued, “Focus on driving. We’ll talk when we get to the restaurant.” ”

“Okay.”Ye Zao Hung Up the phone.

“Ten minutes later, ye Zao came to the restaurant and ordered everything he wanted to eat. Then, he took a photo and sent it to Cen Shaoqing. ”

“Cen Shaoqing quickly replied, [ what a coincidence. Mine just arrived [ photo jpg -RSB- . ] ”

Ye Zhuo had just finished looking at the message when his video call came.

Ye Zhuo tapped to answer it.

An overly cold face quickly appeared on the other end of the screen.

“Why are you so busy that you’re only eating now?”Ye Zhuo asked.

“CEN shaoqing slowly said, “I’m not hungry.” ”

The two of them chatted as they ate.

“After eating, Cen Shaoqing picked up the Buddha beads by the side and habitually twirled them. Then he said, “Oh right, leader, there’s something I need to tell you.” ”

“What is it?”Ye Zhuo asked.

Cen Shaoqing took a sip of tea and opened his thin lips slightly. “I might not be able to come back tomorrow.”

Tomorrow was the day the Cen family went to the Lin family to propose the marriage.

“Logically speaking, Cen Shaoqing, the groom-to-be, would definitely be present at such an important occasion. ”

“After saying that, CEN Shaoqing continued, “I was originally planning to take some time to come back, but the situation here is more complicated than I imagined. Leader, you won’t be angry, right?” ”

“Ye Zhuo smiled and said, “I’m not angry. Work matters are more important. Anyway, tomorrow is just a formality.” ”

“It’s good that you’re not angry.”

...

On the other side.

At the CEN residence.

Old Mrs. Cen was organizing the things that she was going to bring to the Lin family tomorrow.

She was going to set the date tomorrow.

“After Tomorrow, Cen Shaoqing and Ye Zhuo’s wedding would be officially finalized. ” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“At this moment, Zhou Xiang walked over and said, “Mom, Shaoqing just called and said that he might not be able to come back tomorrow.” ”

“”What?”Old Mrs. Cen’s expression changed, and she turned to look at Zhou Xiang. ”

Zhou Xiang repeated what he had just said.

“”This brat, What Day Is Tomorrow? He actually dares not to come back!”Old Mrs. Cen continued, “Go and call him. Tell him that no matter what happens tomorrow, even if the sky collapses, he must come back for me!” ”

Marriage was a major event of a lifetime!

“Moreover, the woman who set the date valued the man’s attitude. ”

“If Cen Shaoqing didn’t come at this time, how would the Lin family view them? ”

“Zhou Xiang immediately took out her phone and called Cen Shaoqing. “Okay, I’ll contact Shaoqing right away.” ”

“The next second, Zhou Xiang looked at Old Mrs. Cen with a subtle expression. “Mom, Shaoqing’s phone is off.” ”

“This brat!”Old Mrs. Cen was very angry. “What is he trying to do? Is He going to Heaven?”

What Day was tomorrow? He did not know?

“Cen Shaoqing could be absent at any time, but not tomorrow! ”

“”Mom, what should we do now?”Zhou Xiang looked at Old Mrs. Cen and asked. ”

“Old Mrs. Cen frowned. “When he comes back, I will break his legs and let him go to the burning family to apologize!” ”

“After saying that, old Mrs. Cen continued, “Xiangxiang, go and check the items, right?” ”

“After all, it was a fixed date. ”

“Other than traditional gifts, the thicker the gift, the better. ”

The relatives of the Lin family would all be present tomorrow. They must not let the Lin family lose face.

“Zhou Xiang nodded. “Okay, I’ll go now.” ”

“Half an hour later, Zhou Xiang walked in with the gift list. She looked at Old Mrs. Cen and said, “Mom, there are 28 cars in total. The items are all on this list. Please take a look.” ”