Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2531: 533: Surprise 4

Translator: 549690339

Old Mrs. Cen took the gift list and carefully checked it.

“After saying that, old Mrs. Cen continued, “Xiangxiang, give that Brat a call tomorrow morning.” ”

“Okay.”

Lin family.

“After ye Zhuo went back, he told his parents that Cen Shaoqing might not be able to come tomorrow. ”

“Ye Shu smiled and said, “It’s fine, it’s fine. We all know that Kid Shaoqing. He definitely had something to do and couldn’t come. It’s the same for Old Mrs. And your Aunt Xiangxiang. It’s just a formality.” ”

“Lin Jincheng’s expression didn’t look too good, “No matter what, tomorrow is one of the most important things in your lives. If he doesn’t come at this time, your mother and I can understand. What will the others think?”No matter how one looked at it, it was because Cen Shaoqing didn’t seem to value him. ”

“If he valued him enough, he would come no matter what. ”

“As the saying went, when a mother-in-law looked at her son-in-law, the more she looked at him, the more she liked him. Ye Shu looked at Lin Jincheng and said, “Shaoqing is definitely not the kind of person you’re talking about!” ”

“After saying that, Ye Shu looked at ye Zao again, then, she said, “Zao Zao, don’t listen to your father’s nonsense. I believe in Shaoqing! Today is just setting the date, not missing the wedding. Shaoqing is usually a very polite child. This time, he must have something to do!” ”

“Yes.”Ye Zao nodded slightly.

Lin Jincheng did not say anything else.

“But from his expression, it could be seen that he had a lot of opinions on this matter. ”

“Marrying off his daughter was originally a heartbreaking matter for a father. Now that the man was so unconcerned, it made him, an old father, feel even more reluctant to part with his daughter. ”

Setting a date was also a matter of timing.

“She left at 7:28 am and arrived at the Lin family home at 8:28 am, so Old Lady Cen got up at 5:30 am. ”

She was mainly excited.

“In the next few decades, how could she have imagined that she would have the opportunity to personally manage Cen Shaoqing’s wedding. ”

“At that time, she was even prepared to let Cen Shaoqing be a monk for the rest of his life. ”

She felt like she was living in a dream.

“Old Madam Cen even started humming a tune. However, when she thought of Cen Shaoqing saying that he would not be able to come back today, her expression immediately darkened. ”

Rascal!

He was really too insensible! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Coincidentally, Zhou Xiang also came downstairs at this time. ”

Old Mrs. Cen looked at Zhou Xiang. “Have you contacted Shaoqing?”

Zhou Xiang shook her head. “I haven’t contacted him yet.”

“Old Mrs. Cen was so angry that she almost burst into a torrent of abuse. She said angrily, “If he isn’t my grandson, I wish him to be a bachelor for the rest of his life! How can such a person find a girlfriend! He doesn’t deserve it!” ”

“Zhou xiang comforted her, “Mom, don’t be angry. Maybe Shaoqing really met with something important.” ”

“Bullsh * t important! How can the most important thing be compared to searing?”The Cen Old Lady said.

Zhou Xiang didn’t say anything else.

“Soon, it was seven o’clock. ”

There were still twenty-eight minutes before the departure time.

The Cen family’s servants had already set off firecrackers in front of the gate.

“Twenty minutes after the departure time, the Cen Old Lady got into the car. ”

“At this moment, a surprised voice sounded from outside the door. ”

“Shaoqing!”

“Hearing this, Old Mrs. Cen immediately got out of the car and indeed saw Cen Shaoqing holding a bouquet of flowers. ”

“Old Mrs. Cen continued, “Quickly get in the car. Don’t delay the auspicious hour.” ”

“Okay.”Cen Shaoqing nodded slightly and sat in the back seat.

Eight minutes later.

“Following the sound of firecrackers, the car started to set off. ”

The speed of the car was neither fast nor slow. It was controlled to reach the Lin family’s house within one hour.

“When the servants from the Lin residence saw the car approaching, they immediately lit the firecrackers. ”

“Then, the car door was opened. ”

“Cen Shaoqing, who was holding fresh flowers in his hands, was the first to lean out from inside. ”

“He had a slender figure. When he stood up, he blocked most of the sunlight. Although his face could not be seen clearly, the aura around him could not be ignored. ”

“When he saw him, ye Zhuo was slightly stunned. Then, he jogged over and took the flowers. “Didn’t you say that you were not free to come today?” ”

“Cen Shaoqing said in a low voice, “I wanted to give you a surprise, so I said so.” ”