Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2533: 534: Amazing Big Shot 2

Translator: 549690339

“So that’s how it is!”Ye Shu was getting more and more satisfied.

“Lin Jincheng continued, “I’m afraid it’s just a shock.” ”

“In fact, Lin Jincheng did not have such a big objection to Cen Shaoqing before. ”

It could be because of the anxiety of marrying a daughter.

“In the past, Cen Shaoqing was only in a relationship with Ye Zhuo. ”

It was different now.

“After today, the wedding date between Ye Zhuo and Cen Shaoqing was set. In the future, Ye Zhuo would be married to Cen Shaoqing. ”

“Hearing this, Ye Shu immediately pinched Lin Jincheng and said in a low voice, “If you don’t know how to speak, then don’t speak.” ”

This was the little romance between Cen Shaoqing and Ye Zhuo.

Lin Jincheng’s words were too unromantic.

“Cen Shaoqing’s attitude of admitting his mistake was very good. “Uncle, you’re right. Indeed, I wasn’t thoughtful. I shouldn’t joke about such a big matter. Don’t worry, I won’t do it again in the future.” ”

“Look at how good this child’s attitude towards admitting his mistake is!”Ye Shu said with a smile.

Lin Jincheng didn’t say anything.

“Ye Shu elbowed Lin Jincheng and said with some dissatisfaction, “Say something!” ”

“Lin Jincheng’s mood was very subtle now. He looked at CEN Shaoqing and said, “Quickly go in!” ”

“”Go in,”ye Shu said as well. ”

Cen Shaoqing then followed ye Zhuo in.

“Cen Shaoqing lowered his voice and said, “I think uncle is in a bad mood today.” ”

“The cabbage that he worked so hard to raise was eaten by a pig. Do you think he will be able to recover?”Ye Zhuo asked.

“”Although what you said makes sense, but as for keeping a straight face, I think my attitude is still very good.”Cen Shaoqing held ye Zhuo’s hand tightly. ”

“Cen Shaoqing did not have a daughter now, so he could not sympathize with Lin Jin city at all. ”

“His daughter had finally found her own happiness. As an old father, he should give her his blessings. ”

“Ye Zhuo smiled and said, “You will know when you have a daughter in the future.” ”

“CEN Shaoqing said, “I will definitely give them my blessings with a smile.” ”

“”That may not be the case.”Ye Zhuo continued, “Under normal circumstances, it is the mother-in-law who likes her son-in-law the more she sees him. In the eyes of the father-in-law, sons-in-law are all pigs.” ”

“How can a pig be as beautiful as me?”Cen Shaoqing asked in return.

“Ye Zhuo raised his eyebrows slightly. “I don’t know if a pig is as outstanding as you, but I know that a pig is definitely not as narcissistic as you.” ”

Cen Shaoqing twirled the Buddhist beads. “Birds of a feather flock together.”

“As he finished speaking, CEN Shaoqing continued, “There’s another term called subtly shifting.” ”

“Who are you referring to?”Ye Zhuo asked.

“”I’m referring to myself,”Cen Shaoqing said. ”

“That’s more like it.”

“As they spoke, the two of them had already arrived at the hall. ”

Almost all of the Cen family’s relatives had arrived.

Those they knew.

Those they didn’t know.

“”CEN fifth master, Congratulations!”A distant relative of the Lin family came to congratulate them. ”

“Ye Zhuo introduced, “This is second cousin.” ”

“”Same to you,”Cen Shaoqing replied politely. ”

“Zhuo Zhuo looks really good today.”Sixth Cousin’s wife walked over with a smile.

“”Thank you, sixth cousin.” ”

Ye Zhuo led Cen Shaoqing around the hall.

He greeted his relatives.

“”Little Twelve!”At this moment, eighth cousin’s wife came over with the child in her arms. ”

“Eighth cousin’s wife.”Ye Zhuo immediately called for help.

“Eighth cousin’s wife continued, “Little Twelve, your eighth brother and I want to go out for a while. Can you help us take care of Baylor?” ”

“Alright.”Ye Zhuo took the little nephew from the eighth cousin’s wife’s hands.

“The eighth cousin’s wife said somewhat embarrassedly, “Little twelve, then I’ll have to trouble you. Baylor is a stranger. He doesn’t want anyone to bring him along. He has his eyes on you!” ”

“Hearing this, Baylor immediately answered vaguely, “Du du, beautiful!”Baylor was still learning to speak at the moment, and his aunt was pronounced ‘du Du’by him ” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“”You Little Thing, you know how beautiful you are!”Eighth Cousin’s wife said somewhat speechlessly. ”

Cen Shaoqing stood by the side.

“After eighth cousin’s wife left, he said, “Leader, let me do it. He’s too fat, you can’t carry him!” ”

“Baylor had just turned one year old this year, and he weighed 38 pounds. Compared to his peers, he was indeed quite fat. ”

“Baylor looked at Cen Shaoqing like this, his pair of big eyes rolling around non-stop. In his heart, he was thinking whether he should cry for Cen Shaoqing to see. ”

“After thinking for a long time, Baylor decided not to cry. ”

A man should not cry!

“”Don’t worry, I can carry him,”ye Zao said. ”

“Baylor was only 38 pounds. If it was 380 pounds, she could still carry him. ”

Sprinkle water.

“To prove himself, Baylor looked at ye Zao and said, “Du du, come down!” ”

He had just learned how to speak and could only say four words at a time.

“Come down?”Ye Zao looked at Baylor. “Do you mean you want to come down?”