Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2539: 535: the wedding date has been set

Translator: 549690339

“Vivi smiled and said, “Doctor Wang, just tell me the truth.” ”

“”It can be as long as a year, as short as a week.”Doctor Wang said, “Your illness is too strange. You have to prepare yourself mentally.” ”

“At this moment, Vivi seemed to have thought of something and continued, “Doctor Wang, can you discharge me from the Hospital Tomorrow?” ”

“Before she died, she still had a wish. ”

“Tomorrow?”Dr. Wang asked.

“Yes.”She nodded slightly. “Can I?”

Dr. Wang Thought for a moment. “I’ll try my best to arrange it.”

“”Thank you, Dr. Wang.” ”

“”It’s my pleasure,”Dr. Wang said. ”

The next afternoon.

“Under Dr. Wang’s arrangement, Vivi left the hospital. ”

She came to the pet hospital.

“Meow Meow Meow!”

“Woof Woof Woof!”

“As soon as she came in, the cat and dog surrounded her excitedly. ”

Weiwei squatted down as if she was hugging a cat and then a dog.

“”Weiwei is here!”At this moment, the owner of the pet shop walked out from inside. ”

“Weiwei smiled and said, “Aunt Zixuan.” ”

“Zhang Zixuan said, “During the time you were away, Wangcai and Wangfu missed you so much! Now, you finally came to pick them up and bring them home.” ”

Wangcai and Wangfu were the stray dogs and cats that Weiwei had adopted.

“A desolate look flashed across Weiwei’s face. “Aunt Zixuan, I’m not here to take them home.” ”

“Ah?”Zhang Zixuan was stunned.

“Weiwei continued, “Aunt Zhang, I may have to go on a long trip recently. Wangcai and Wangfu will be in your hands. I transferred a sum of money to your Alipay account.” ”

“Zhang Zixuan smiled and said, “Okay, when will you be back?” ”

Wei Wei shook her head.

“Maybe, maybe... she would never come back. ”

“Zhang Zixuan asked curiously, “Are you going to go far away, Wei Wei?” ”

“Yes.”Wei Wei nodded.

“Zhang Zixuan continued, “Then you can go out without worry. Wangcai and Wangfu are with me.” ”

“”Okay.”Wei Wei held Wangfu in one hand and Wangcai’s dog leash in the other. “Aunt Zixuan, I’ll take them out for a walk. I’ll be back in a while.” ” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“”Okay, you guys go ahead.” ”

Wei Wei took the cat and dog out.

“After she left, Zhang Zixuan took out her phone and opened Alipay. She looked at the money that Wei Wei transferred to her. ”

“When she saw it, she was stunned. ”

“Ten million, ten million, ten thousand! ”

Six figures!

A whole hundred thousand!

Why did Weiwei transfer so much money to her?

Zhang Zixuan came to the back room and told her husband about it.

“Her husband smiled and said, “She definitely wanted to transfer ten thousand, and then pressed an extra zero. When she comes back later, you can transfer it to her again! Rich people are so nice! She transferred a hundred thousand to her so easily!” ”

“Zhang Zixuan smiled and said, “Exactly. We have been doing this for so many years. It’s better to be a minor.” ”

Wei Wei brought a cat and a dog and wandered outside for several hours.

“When she came back, Zhang Zixuan said, “Wei Wei, do you know that you transferred the money wrong? I’ll transfer 90,000 yuan back to you! You Child, you have to be more careful in the future.” ”

“It’s not wrong.”Wei Wei looked at Zhang Zixuan and said.

“”It’s not wrong?”Zhang Zixuan smiled and said, “That’s 100,000 yuan! Did you take it as 10,000 yuan?” ”

“”It’s 100,000 yuan.”Weiwei continued, “Aunt Zixuan, I’m going to a far, far away place. I don’t know when I’ll be back. I’ll leave Wangcai and Wangfu to you!” ”

“”But you don’t need 100,000 Yuan!” ”

“Weiwei said, “You can keep it first. If the balance is not used up when I come back, you can transfer it to me.” ”

“”But 100,000 is really too much.” ”

“Vivi smiled and said, “Just think of it as me keeping it with you.” ”