Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2540: 536: Wake Up

Translator: 549690339

“Zhang Zixuan noticed that something was wrong with Weiwei and asked, “Weiwei, did something happen to You?””

“”It’s nothing,”weiwei smiled and said, “I spent my money anyway. Besides, you know my family’s situation. It’s better to keep the money with you. When I come back to pick up Wangcai and Wangfu, you can return the money to me.””

Unfortunately.

“It would never happen again. Because she knew the result, Wei Wei transferred 100,000 yuan to Zhang Zixuan. Zhang Zixuan was a businessman, not a philanthropist. After she left.., wangcai and Wangfu were going to be handed to Zhang Zixuan. Naturally, she could not let Zhang Zixuan lose money.”

“Zhang Zixuan had known Weiwei for more than a year. She knew a little about Weiwei’s situation, then, she said, “Weiwei, if anything happens, just tell Auntie. Don’t worry. As long as Auntie can help, Auntie will definitely not say anything.””

“Zhang Zixuan did not say anything against her heart. She really wanted to help Weiwei. As long as Weiwei was willing to speak up, after all, Weiwei was about the same age as her daughter.”

“Sometimes she envied Vivi, and sometimes she felt a little sympathy for Vivi. She envied Vivi for being young but talented, and her monthly salary was more than six figures.”

“However, sometimes what was said would be lost. Although Vivi had gained fame and fortune, she did not have a happy family. Her parents were very busy every day and almost forgot about her existence.”

“Zhang Zixuan’s daughter was the same age as Vivi. Every day when she came home from school, she would act coquettishly in front of their parents.”

“”Aunt Zixuan, thank you.”Zhang Zixuan was a good person. If she left, she would definitely bless Zhang Zixuan in heaven to make a lot of money.”

“Therefore, Vivi was very relieved to leave Wangcai and Wangfu to Zhang Zixuan, “I really didn’t encounter anything. I just want to go out for a walk. In the future, I might settle down abroad. If I don’t come back, please take good care of Wangcai and Wangfu.””

“In her situation, it was best to settle down abroad.”

Vivian wanted to leave quietly and did not want to disturb anyone.

“Hearing this.., zhang Zixuan smiled and said, “It’s a good thing to emigrate. I like Wangcai and Wangfu very much. 100,000 yuan is really too much. How about this, I’ll charge you 30,000 yuan! “Even if you don’t come back for the rest of your life, I’ll take care of them for you.””

“”I might come back.”Wei Wei stood up and said, “Aunt Zixuan, it’s settled then. I’ll go back first.””

“After saying that, Wei Wei turned around and left.”

“Zhang Zixuan looked at Wei Wei’s back and felt that something was wrong. She ran back into the house and said, “Dazhi, did you hear that?”” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Li dazhi nodded and said, “I heard it! This little girl is really strange.””

“Zhang Zixuan continued, “Do you think I should take this money or not?”Although she wanted to earn money, she could not earn that kind of money that was not clear.”

“Moreover, Weiwei was not an adult yet.”

“Li Dazhi thought for a while and then said, “Let’s Save the money for Weiwei first. Deduct the fees that should be deducted. When she comes back, we will return the rest of the money to her.””

“Okay.”Zhang Zixuan nodded.

“After dealing with Wangcai and WANGFU, Zhang Zixuan no longer had anything else to worry about. She came to the hospital.”

“Just as she arrived at the hospital, the nurse ran over while panting. “Weiwei, where have you been? I’ve been looking for you for a long time!””

“”I went out for a walk.”Weiwei continued, “Is there something you need me for?””

“”I’m not looking for you. Miss ye is looking for you.”The nurse continued, “Come with me to the ward.””

“Okay.”Vivi nodded and followed the nurse’s footsteps. “What is it that Miss Ye wants to talk to me about?”

“”I think she wants to talk to you about tomorrow’s surgery,”the nurse replied.”

Weiwei was originally looking forward to tomorrow’s surgery.

“But now, she was not looking forward to it at all, because this was originally an empty joy.”

“”Vivi, the surgery is tomorrow. Are you excited now?”The nurse asked.”

“”I’m fine,”Vivi answered.”

“The nurse smiled and said, “You must not have pre-operation anxiety. With Miss ye around, you can rest assured that there won’t be any problems.”Everyone here trusted ye Zao very much. After all.., she was a person who stood at the top of the medical world.”

“Okay.”Vivi nodded.

“The nurse looked at Vivi and asked, “Vivi, are you feeling a little uncomfortable?”She felt that Vivi’s mental state was very bad, like a body that had lost its soul.”