Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2550: 536: not to be trifled with

Translator: 549690339

“From the moment Liu Meilian said those words, she no longer had a mother! ”

“Weiwei!”Liu Meilian looked at Weiwei and instantly burst into tears.

Weiwei turned her head away and did not look at her.

“”Weiwei, what happened back then was all mom’s fault. You have to believe Mom. In this world, there is no one who would not love their child.”Liu Meilian cried, “I have my reasons for doing this. Good Child, can you listen to Mom’s explanation?” ”

“There were many reasons why she wanted to leave back then. Weiwei was her first child, and all mothers valued their first child more. Liu Meilian was no exception, but Xiang Chao was too much of a bastard... Liu Meilian would always think of Xiang Chao whenever she saw Weiwei... ”

“That was why she didn’t take Weiwei away during the divorce. On one hand, it was because Weiwei looked like Xiang Chao. On the other hand, it was because her new boyfriend didn’t want her to take care of the child. As long as she had a way.., she would never abandon her own daughter. ”

“”Vivi, I’m telling you so much now. You might not understand. When you become a mother in the future, you will understand the pain I felt...” ”

“During this time, Weiwei didn’t say anything and just sat there. ”

“After the nurse left, she immediately spread the news. “Did you know? Vivi’s mother is here!” ”

“Weiwei was a rare patient in the hospital. In addition to her special status, everyone at the nurses’station knew about Weiwei. ”

“As soon as she said this, someone asked curiously, “What does Weiwei’s mother look like?” ”

“”Anyway, she doesn’t look like someone to be trifled with.”The nurse continued, “And I’m guessing that she definitely has bad intentions when she came here this time!” ”

“”Do you even need to say that? She must have come back because she saw that Weiwei was going to earn money. Weiwei is really pitiful!”As she said this.., nurse song lowered her voice and said, “Should Weiwei’s surgery continue or not? I don’t know what she was thinking. She was actually willing to believe Dr. Wang but not Miss Ye!” ”

“Children are easy to fool. Who knows what Dr. Wang said to her!”

“No matter how good Weiwei was at earning money, she was still just a child after all. ”

How could a child expect her to have any judgment! !

“”What surprised me the most was doctor Wang. He used to be an honest and honest person, but how did he become like this now? I saw the report, and he seemed to think that he was miss ye from back then, but he didn’t know...” ”

“Hearing this, nurse Zhao coughed. ”

“”Cough, cough!” ”

Nurse song looked at Nurse Zhao speechlessly. “What are you coughing for! Am I wrong? It was doctor Wang’s problem to begin with...”

Nurse Zhao looked at doctor Wang who was behind nurse song and Winked at Nurse Song.

“Nurse song asked in confusion, “What’s wrong? are your eyes not feeling well?” ”

Nurse Zhao was about to suffocate.

Why did this little song seem to be a little dim-witted.

“Seeing that nurse song was about to continue, nurse Zhao’s lips immediately curled into a polite smile. “Hello, Doctor Wang.” ”

Nurse Zhao’s expression instantly turned horrified.

Wang Dajun was actually here!

What should he do now?

How much had he heard! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Wang Dajun looked at nurse Zhao and said, “Little Zhao, continue talking. What’s wrong with me?”He wanted to see how Little Zhao was going to continue. ”

These people were too much!

“When they were in front of him, they had a respectful look on their faces. He had not expected them to have such a face behind their backs. ”

Just wait and see. Reality would give them a resounding slap in the face eventually!

“Little Zhao smiled. “Doctor Wang, you heard wrong just now. I did not say anything. The patient in bed 13 just looked for me. I’ll go over First!” ”

“When he said this, Little Zhao ran away like a wisp of smoke! ”

Wang Dajun did not say anything else because facts speak louder than words.

“After a while, Wang Dajun looked at nurse song and continued, “Get Ready. Tomorrow at three in the afternoon, you will perform Xiang Weiwei’s surgery. This is the surgery list.” ”

“After saying that, Wang Dajun handed the surgery list to nurse song. ”

“Nurse song reached out and took it, her expression a little stunned. ”

“So, Weiwei agreed to the surgery? ”

“Nurse song looked at the surgery list and asked with uncertainty, “Is, is it Xiang Weiwei from bed 16?” ”

“The hospital was very big, so it was not strange for a patient with the same name to appear. Perhaps it was another Xiang Weiwei. ”

“Wang Dajun said, “Don’t you know how to look at the surgery list yourself?” ”

“Nurse song lowered her head to look at the surgery list again and continued, “Yes, Doctor Wang.” ”

“Nurse song still looked calm on the surface, but she was very surprised in her heart. ”