Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2560: 538: Going Abroad

Translator: 549690339

“Vivi could get 100,000 yuan a month. A little money for the special medicine was nothing to her.”

“As long as there was a special medicine that could help Vivi get better, it was worth it no matter how much money she spent.”

“”There is no such special medicine for the time being,”ye Zao said.”

“No?”Liu Meilian’s face was full of disappointment.

How could there be no special medicine!

“If there was no special medicine, Vivi could not be discharged from the hospital. If Vivi could not be discharged from the hospital, how could she give her husband an explanation.”

She had already wasted a long time in the hospital.

“”Miracle Doctor Ye, you are the highest-level doctor. I believe that you definitely have a way. Can you please make an exception?”Liu Meilian continued, “You know the environment of the hospital. This place is really not conducive to Vivi’s recuperation. It’s better to stay at home.””

“”I’m sorry, there really isn’t any special medicine.”Ye Zhuo turned to look at Weiwei and continued, “Remember to take the medicine on time. If you feel unwell, immediately tell the nurse.””

“Okay.”Weiwei nodded.

“After saying that, Ye Zhuo walked towards the door.”

“Liu Meilian looked at ye Zhuo’s back and wanted to chase after him, but in the end, she did not manage to do so.”

“After ye Zao left, Liu Meilian continued, “Doctors are all birds of a feather. In order to earn money, they will do anything! Weiwei, let’s not listen to her. I will go and do the discharge surgery for you. Let’s go home immediately.””

“”Mom, let’s listen to the Doctor,”Weiwei said.”

“”But mom still thinks that you will recover faster at home,”Liu Meilian continued, “And the younger brothers and sisters at Home Welcome You Back. Your uncle even specially made the master bedroom available for you.””

“Wei Wei didn’t reply and asked, “Why haven’t I seen my dad these few days?””

“”He might have something on,”Liu Meilian replied.”

“Actually, it wasn’t anything at all. It was Xiang Chao who had been arrested for gathering XI poison.”

This was also the reason why Liu Meilian couldn’t wait to bring Wei Wei back as soon as possible.

“It was to prevent more trouble from happening. Besides, there was no reason to talk to scum like Xiang Chao.”

Wei Wei nodded. “OH.”

“Liu Meilian looked at Wei Wei and continued, “Oh right, Wei Wei, I’m a little short on money recently. Can you lend me some money?””

“Wei Wei smiled and said, “We’re a family. What do you mean by lending? I’ll give you as much as you want.””

“Liu Meilian’s face was instantly filled with smiles, “Wei Wei, I’m not the kind of person who misses your money. I’m really short on money. You know, I quit my job to take care of you. Now, my whole family is dependent on your uncle. How much money do you have now? Just lend it to Mom.””

These words were half true and half false. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“It was true that Liu Meilian quit her job to take care of Weiwei, but she definitely didn’t do it to take care of Weiwei. What she planned was just one word.”

Money.

“Okay.”Weiwei nodded.

“Liu Meilian continued, “Then when can you transfer it to Mom? Don’t worry. When your uncle gets paid, Mom will think of a way to return it to you.””

“”Send me the card number,”Wei Wei said.”

“”Okay, okay!”Liu Meilian was overjoyed. “I’ll call your uncle right away.””

“Okay.”Wei Wei nodded.

Liu Meilian walked out of the door to make a call.

The person on the other end of the phone picked up very quickly. She sounded a little impatient. “What’s the matter?”

“Liu Meilian continued, “Hubby! Wei Wei is going to transfer the money to us! Quickly send me the bank account number!””

“Hearing this, the voice on the other end of the line immediately perked up. “Really?””

“”Of course it’s true!”Liu Meilian said proudly, “Weiwei is my biological daughter!””

“What about your ex-husband?”

“Liu Meilian said, “What kind of good ending can there be for him! He has already gone in!”Speaking up to this point, Liu Meilian quietly lowered her voice. “I reported him.””

“When she was with Xiang Chao, Liu Meilian knew that Xiang Chao was poisonous.”

“Therefore, when she saw an opportunity, Liu Meilian directly called him to report it!”

“”Wait here, I will send you the bank card number right away.””

“Okay.”

“The current husband continued to ask, “Oh right, when can your daughter be discharged from the hospital?””

“”What About My Daughter?”Liu Meilian said somewhat unhappily, “Isn’t She Your Daughter?””

“”Yes, yes, yes! You’re right, she’s also my daughter! When will our daughter be discharged from the hospital?””

“Liu Meilian continued, “I just asked the doctor, and he said that we still have to wait for some time. Don’t say so much, quickly send me your card number!””