Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2562: 538: Going Abroad 3

Translator: 549690339

“Sisi said sensibly, “Thank you, Sister!” ”

“Zhe Zhe also thanked her. “Thank you, Sister.” ”

“”You’re welcome,”Wei Wei said with a smile. ”

Liu Meilian looked at Wei Wei with a mocking look in her eyes.

“After all, a child was still a child. She could actually trust them without reservation in such a short period of time. ”

“However, the mocking look in Liu Meilian’s eyes quickly disappeared. ”

“Although Weiwei was still a child, she was still different from the children of ordinary families ”

How could a child of an ordinary family become a manga author at such a young age?

“In the end, it was all because of her genes. ”

“In the future, her son and daughter would definitely become even more outstanding than Weiwei! ”

What was a manga author?

Unrated!

“The more Liu Meilian thought about it, the more proud she became. It was as if she had seen the future. ”

Zhe Zhe put away the red packet and looked at Vivian. “Can you buy Ultraman for me?”

Ultraman?

Vivian frowned subconsciously.

She could not believe that this was said by an eleven-year-old child.

“He was already eleven years old, but he was still playing Ultraman. ”

“Sure.”Vivi nodded.

“Zhe Zhe continued, “I want to gather all the Ultraman Heroes.” ”

“Okay.”Vivi nodded.

“Zhe Zhe was very happy. He looked at Vivi and said, “Okay, then you will be my biological sister from now on!” ”

Vivi couldn’t help but laugh.

“After a while, Vivi took out her phone. “Tell me your address.” ”

“Zhe Zhe didn’t know her home address. Liu Meilian immediately said, “Room 601, No. 5 building, garden estate, 663 Longhua Road.” ”

“Okay.”Weiwei typed in the address.

“Liu Meilian pushed Sisi without leaving a trace. Sisi quickly smiled and went forward. “Sister, can I have a piano?” ”

Piano.

“Hearing this term, Weiwei’s eyes dimmed for a moment. ”

“Once upon a time, she also had a dream of playing the piano. She also envied the young lady who sat in front of the piano in a small gown. ”

Unfortunately.

She could only be envious.

“Sure.”Vivi continued to nod.

“Vivi said a little excitedly, “Thank you, Sister.” ”

“”You’re welcome,”Vivi said. ”

“Sisi had never felt that having an additional sister was a wonderful thing. But at this moment, she hoped that Vivi would always be her sister. ”

Nothing in this world was omnipotent.

“If there was anything, it was money. ”

There was never a problem that money could not solve.

“If one yuan was not enough, then one hundred million. ”

Weiwei was a good example.

“Liu Meilian looked at the scene in front of her with satisfaction. Indeed, reporting Xiang Chao was a very wise decision. If Xiang Chao had not been reported, how could there be such a scene? ”

It was not until evening that Liu Meilian sent the two children back.

“Vivi was very understanding and said, “Mom, you can come tomorrow afternoon. You haven’t accompanied your younger siblings for a long time.” ”

“”That’s fine.”Liu Meilian smiled and said, “Then I’ll come tomorrow afternoon and bring you some ramen noodles.” ”

“”Okay.”Vivi nodded. “Mom, I’ll wait for you.” ”

I’ll wait for you.

“A long, long time ago, Weiwei had said the same thing to Liu Meilian. ”

Unfortunately.

“She waited for a long time, but Liu Meilian did not come to pick her up. ”

“Okay.”

Weiwei looked at Liu Meilian. “You must come.”This was her childhood dream.

“Three meals a day. As long as she finished eating, she would run to the Old Banyan tree at the entrance of the village and look forward to it. ”

She waited and waited.

She waited for a long time.

“In the end, it was grandma who broke her dream. ”

“Your mother is dead. She will never come to fetch you back.”

“Your father and your mother are not good people. You are not good people either!”

“...”

Grandma’s words were still ringing in her ears.

“For a moment, Weiwei actually could not tell the past from the present. ”

“It was Liu Meilian’s voice that brought her back to reality. “Don’t worry, I’ll definitely come.” ” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Liu Meilian, who was still a child, didn’t answer her question. ”

Things had changed a long time ago.

Weiwei sent Liu Meilian and her brother and sister to the hospital entrance.

“Then, Weiwei went to the nurses’station. “Little Sister Zhao.” ”

“When she heard Weiwei’s voice, Little Zhao immediately looked up. “Weiwei is here.” ”

“Weiwei nodded. “Sister Little Zhao, let’s go.” ”

“Your mother has already left?”Little Zhao asked.

“Yes.”

Little Zhao flipped open the duty book at the side. “Then wait a moment.”

“Alright.”Weiwei nodded.

“After saying that, Weiwei continued, “Is sister ye around today?” ”

“Little Zhao shook his head. “Miss Ye isn’t around today. Don’t worry, she has already explained everything.” ”