Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2586: 543: heart attack 3

Translator: 549690339

Lin Zhi inherited a lot of good genes from the Lin family.

“He had white skin, thick eyebrows, and big eyes. He was very cute. ”

Zhou cuihua had some doubts in her heart.

This Lin Qingxuan didn’t have a child with his previous wife?

“Looking at Lin Qingxuan’s age, his and his ex-wife’s child should be about the same age as an Lizi, right? ”

“If it was a girl, it wouldn’t be a big deal. But if it was a boy, he would definitely fight for property with Xia Xiaoman’s son in the future! ”

“Thinking of this, Zhou Cuihua felt a lot better. ”

It would be best if she had a ruthless stepson to get Xia Xiaoman and her son out of the Lin family.

“Soon, they arrived at the restaurant. ”

The restaurant was very big.

It was about fifty square meters.

“The luxurious crystal lights, the high-end mahogany furniture, and the servants waiting at the side made Zhou cuihua feel very surreal. ”

“In her heart, she was even more envious of Xia Xiaoman. ”

“Indeed, people were afraid of entering the wrong line of work, and women were afraid of marrying the wrong man. ”

“Xia Xiaoman pulled out a chair. “Cousin, you can sit anywhere you like.” ”

“Okay.”

Zhou Cuihua pulled out a chair and sat down with Li Hang.

“Just as they sat down, the maid walked over and bent down to ask, “Would you like some wine or fruit juice?” ”

Zhou Cuihua was stunned.

Li hang quickly reacted. “My mom and I both drink fruit juice.”

“Okay.”The maid immediately filled both of their cups with fruit juice.

“Thank you.”Li hang politely thanked her.

“You’re welcome.”

“Xiao Lin Zhi was only three years old. At the dining table, Lin Qingxuan fed him. ”

“Seeing this scene, Zhou Cuihua was speechless. ”

This Xia Xiaoman was too unladylike!

“As a wife and a mother, it was her duty to take care of the child. However, Xia Xiaoman threw the responsibility of taking care of the child to Lin Qingxuan. ”

Lin Qingxuan also had a good temper.

“If it were anyone else, they would have lost their temper a long time ago. ”

This Lin Qingxuan definitely did not know what a gentle woman was!

“Zhou cuihua put down her chopsticks and wiped her mouth with a tissue. “Xiaoman, cousin-in-law, I’m already full. Enjoy your meal.” ”

“Xia Xiaoman raised her head and said, “Are you eating so fast?” ”

“Yes.”

“Zhou cuihua stood up and walked to Lin Qingxuan’s side. “Cousin-in-law, let me feed the baby. The food is already cold. You should go and eat.” ” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Lin Qingxuan smiled and looked up. “No need. I’m not hungry now.”

“In the past, Lin Qingxuan dreamed of having a child of his own. Now that he finally had little Lin Zhi, he treasured all the time he spent with little Lin Zhi. ”

“Zhou cuihua continued, “We’re all family. Cousin-in-law, you don’t have to be so polite with me.” ”

“As she said this, Zhou Cuihua was about to take the baby bowl and chopsticks from Lin Qingxuan. ”

“At this moment, Little Lin Zhi reached out and slapped Zhou Cuihua’s hand. He said in a childish voice, “I don’t want you to feed me!” ”

Zhou Cuihua didn’t expect little Lin Zhi to say this. She was stunned for a moment.

She was a little embarrassed.

“Lin Qingxuan said, “Okay, okay, okay. Daddy, feed him.” ”

The corners of Zhou Cui Hua’s mouth curled up into a forced smile. “Baby is really smart.”

“HMPH.”Little Lin Zhi pouted.

“Xia Xiaoman continued, “Cousin, you can sit down. His father loves to feed his child. You Don’t have to care about him.” ”

“Lin Qingxuan echoed, “Xiaoman is right. Cousin, you don’t have to care about me.” ”

Zhou Cuihua was a little embarrassed. She laughed dryly and sat back in her chair.

“After a while, Zhou Cuihua changed the topic again and continued, “Xiaoman, where did Lizi Go?” ”

“”I think she said she had a gathering with her classmates,”Xia Xiaoman said. ”

“Zhou cuihua nodded and continued, “You’re the best. A son and a daughter. I only have one.” ”

“Actually, this sentence was indirectly asking if Xia Xiaoman had a stepson. ”

“Xia Xiaoman smiled and said, “An only child has the benefit of an only child. If you really want to be like me, you can have another child.” ”

“”I’m already at this age, what else can I have!”Zhou cuihua said with a smile. ”

“From what Xia Xiaoman said, did she mean that Lin Qingxuan did not have other children? ”

How was that possible! !

“Zhou Cuihua’s eyes were filled with doubt, but she couldn’t ask directly. ”

“Xia Xiaoman said, “When I gave birth to Ah Zhi, I was already in my forties.” ”

“Zhou cuihua said, “I’m almost fifty now! Oh right, is the baby’s name Ah Zhi? The one with ambition?” ”

“Xia Xiaoman said, “It’s called Lin Zhi. Zhiyuan’s Zhi.” ”

“”That’s a really nice name. It has a moral,”Zhou Cuihua said. ”

“His cousin gave him that name. It’s really not bad.”

It was not until evening that Zhou Cuihua had no choice but to leave when Xia Xiaoman did not open her mouth to stay for dinner.

“After the two of them left, Lin Qingxuan said, “Xiaoman, isn’t it a little bad for us to treat your cousin like that?” ”