Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2588: 545: extremely jealous

Translator: 549690339

“After saying that, the atmosphere in the living room became a little gloomy. ”

“Zhou Cuihua did not say anything, and Li Hang did not say anything either. ” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

They had brought back the gifts that they had brought over. What did Xia Xiaoman mean by that?

Was she looking down on their poor relatives?

It was really too insulting!

“Li hang finally reacted at this moment and said with a smile, “Cousin, you’re being too polite. As a junior, it’s normal for me to bring some gifts over to visit her. Why did she let you bring them back?” ”

“The butler continued, “There’s really no one at home to drink wine. Good wine needs to be tasted by people who know how to drink.” ”

“Speaking up to this point, the butler paused and said, “There are also some bird’s nests here. Madam specially asked me to bring them over. For women, eating more bird’s nests can beautify their appearance.” ”

Bird’s Nest?

Who cared about Xia Xiaoman’s bird’s Nest?

Xia Xiaoman was really too disgusting!

“Li hang smiled and said, “Then I really have to thank you, Aunty.” ”

“Zhou cuihua also came to her senses at this time and continued, “Butler Wu, don’t just stand there. Come in and have a seat. The house is shabby. Don’t mind it.” ”

“Although Butler Wu was just a butler, sometimes the butler also played a very important role in a family. ”

“Perhaps, just a word from Butler Wu could change the image of the mother and daughter in Lin Qingxuan’s heart. ”

“Butler Wu continued, “You’re welcome, Mrs. Li. I have other matters to attend to, so I won’t be sitting down.” ”

“After saying that, Butler Wu turned around and walked out of the door. ”

Zhou cuihua followed Butler Wu’s footsteps. “Are you really not going to sit down?”

“”You’re welcome, Mrs. Li.” ”

Zhou cuihua and Li Hang walked Butler Wu all the way to the apartment building.

Butler Wu turned around and looked at the two of them. “The two of you really don’t need to see us off anymore.”

“Zhou cuihua stopped in her tracks. Her face was filled with a hypocritical smile. “There’s a traffic jam at night. Butler Wu, be careful.” ”

“In the darkness, it could be clearly seen that Butler Wu was driving a Porsche that was worth a million dollars. ”

The Lin family was the Lin family. Even the Butler was driving a luxury car worth a million dollars.

“Butler wu smiled and said, “Thank you, Mrs. Li.” ”

“Zhou cuihua looked at Butler Wu and considered her words before continuing, “Oh right, Butler Wu, I want to ask you something.” ”

“”Mrs. Li, please ask,”Butler Wu said. ”

“Zhou cuihua continued, “My cousin and I have been close since we were young. Seeing how happy she is now, I am really happy for her.” ”

“Zhou cuihua paused and continued, “How many children does my cousin-in-law have with his ex-wife?” ”

“After saying that, Zhou Cuihua looked at Butler Wu with anticipation. ”

A successful person like Lin Qingxuan definitely had several children!

“Butler Wu glanced at Zhou cuihua and continued, “Mr. and Mrs. Lin only have two children.” ”

Only two children?

This sentence made Zhou cuihua unable to react in time.

Did the butler mean that Lin Qingxuan and his ex-wife had two children?

Yes!

That was definitely the case.

An Lizi was not considered their child at all.

“Li hang continued, “Butler Grandpa, are you saying that my uncle-in-law has a total of four children?” ”

“The butler said, “Sir and Madam only have two children, Miss Lizi and young master Lin Zhi.” ”

“The Butler’s tone was very flat, but Zhou Cuihua and Li Hang were stunned! ”

What!

Lin Qingxuan and his ex-wife actually did not have children!

What was going on?

“The housekeeper continued, “If the two of you don’t have anything else to do, I’ll go back first.” ”

“After saying that, the housekeeper walked to the parking spot and opened the car door. ”

It wasn’t until housekeeper Wu’s car disappeared into the night that the two of them came back to their senses. Their faces were full of shock.

Neither of them had expected that Lin Qingxuan really didn’t have children.

How could she not have children?

“Especially Zhou cuihua, who was feeling extremely uncomfortable. She had originally hoped that someone would stand up and compete with Xia Xiaoman for the property! ”

What was happening now?

Why did all the good things happen to Xia Xiaoman?

“She had married a second-marriage man, yet she still did not have children! ”

What kind of Godforsaken Luck was this!

Zhou Cuihua was extremely jealous.

“Li hang said in disbelief, “I didn’t expect that a wealthy businessman would not have children!” ”

“Zhou cuihua said, “I didn’t expect it either.” ”

“If Xia Xiaoman was a peerless beauty, it would have been fine, but Xia Xiaoman was just a very ordinary housewife. She was just a housewife. What right did she have to get all this? ”

Xia Xiaoman couldn’t even compare to her.

“After a moment, Zhou cuihua sighed, then she said, “That’s why women are like vegetable seeds. If they land in a fertile place, they can be happy for a lifetime. If they land on a barren land, they can only work hard for a lifetime and get nothing.” ”