Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2590: 545: extremely jealous 3

Translator: 549690339

“What is it?”Lin Qingxuan asked.

“Looking at Lin Qingxuan’s expression, he knew that he did not know what Xia Xiaoman had done. ”

Just you wait!

Xia Xiaoman’s Fox tail was about to be exposed!

“Zhou Cuihua hid the pride in her eyes, then, she said, “Cousin-in-law, hang hang and I took the liberty to disturb you yesterday. We are very grateful to Xiaoman and you for your warm hospitality. We have nothing to thank you for, so we brought you a bottle of wine. Why did Xiao Man ask someone to send the wine back to us?” ”

“After saying that, Zhou Cuihua was waiting for Lin Qingxuan’s reaction. ”

“Unexpectedly, Lin Qingxuan did not have any expression that she had imagined. ”

She was not even surprised!

“Lin qingxuan smiled and said, “Cousin-in-law, no one at home really knows how to drink wine. It would be a waste to give this wine to us. You should bring it back for cousin-in-law to appraise.” ”

How could this be?

Zhou Cuihua’s face was full of question marks!

This meant that Lin Qingxuan was completely aware of Xia Xiaoman’s actions?

How could this be?

How did Lin Qingxuan Know?

“Although she was very surprised, Zhou Cuihua’s expression did not change as she said, “Your cousin-in-law is a boorish person. How would he know how to appraise! This good wine should be given to someone who knows how to wine!” ” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

It did not matter what Li Dalong wanted. He had worked hard in the capital for half his life and had only worked for half a house.

How could such a person compare to Lin Qingxuan?

“Lin Qingxuan smiled and said, “You are right. Good wine should be given to someone who knows wine. However, there is no one in our family who knows wine. Therefore, cousin, you should bring it back!” ”

“Zhou Cuihua was not willing to bring back this thing that had already been sent over. She directly placed the wine on the ground and said, “Cousin-in-law, that is all. I will go back first.” ”

Lin Qingxuan immediately gave the butler a look.

The Butler was also a sensible person. He immediately picked up the wine on the ground and chased after her.

“When he arrived outside, the Butler returned the wine to Zhou Cuihua. ”

“Zhou cuihua said, “There’s no reason to take back the things that were delivered. Butler Wu, please tell my brother-in-law that a man’s alcohol tolerance is slowly trained. It’s okay if he doesn’t drink now, but he will drink in the future.” ”

There were two meanings in this sentence.

“A man’s alcohol tolerance was equivalent to his courage, and they all needed to be trained slowly. ”

“Butler Wu said, “Mrs. Li, I’m just a part-time worker. Please don’t make things difficult for me. You should take this wine back! Even if you don’t want to take it back, you can throw it in the trash can.” ”

“As soon as she said this, Zhou Cuihua’s anger rose. She pointed at butler Wu and said, “What do you mean! Do you mean that my wine can only appear in the trash can?” ”

“After all, she was a guest of the Lin family. How dare a mere butler talk to her like that! ”

Butler Wu still maintained a polite smile. “That’s not what I meant.”

“Then what do you mean?”Zhou cuihua said angrily.

“Butler Wu continued, “Well, it’s a matter of opinion.” ”

“Zhou Cuihua did not know many words, so she did not know the meaning of this sentence. However, she also knew that this was not a good thing. She said angrily, “Do you believe that I will tell my cousin to fire you!” ”

“You can go ahead and say it.”Butler Wu still maintained his polite smile.

“Zhou Cuihua was so angry that she almost stomped her feet. Fortunately, Li Hang stopped her in time and looked at Butler Wu with a smile, “Grandpa Butler, I’m sorry. My mother has a short temper. Actually, she doesn’t have any bad intentions. Please don’t take it to heart.” ”

“Hearing Li Hang’s words, Zhou cuihua slowly calmed down. ”

“Butler wu said, “It’s fine. Take care, both of you.” ”

“After saying that, Butler Wu placed the wine on the ground. “The task that Mr. Lin gave me has been completed. It’s up to the both of you whether or not to bring the wine with you.” ”

“After saying that, Butler Wu turned around and left. ”

Zhou Cui Hua looked at his back view and was so angry that she wanted to curse out loud.

He was just a butler!

What the hell!

How dare he treat her like that!

“Li hang sighed. “Mom, let’s go.” ”

“Although Zhou Cui Hua was very unwilling, she was helpless. She did not forget to bring the wine with her when she left. ”