Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2592: 545: more dissatisfied 2

Translator: 549690339

Zhou cuihua couldn’t wait to tell Lin Qingxuan about this.

“At that time, Lin Qingxuan would definitely kick Xia Xiaoman out. ”

“Thinking of that scene, Zhou Cuihua’s blood was boiling. She was extremely excited. ”

“Li Hang was still calm. He continued, “Mom, don’t be so impulsive. We have to clear things up first. What if it’s not what we think?” ”

“”What’s there to clarify!”Zhou cuihua continued, “Isn’t it obvious?” ”

“The rich businessmen couldn’t have children with other people, just like Xia Xiaoman. ”

Could it be that Xia Xiaoman had some special ability?

How could that be possible!

“Li hang continued, “Mom, you should know that the rich businessmen will definitely be able to think of the problems that we can think of. Especially the rich families. They attach great importance to the bloodline problem. If there really is a problem with Xia Xiaoman, will the rich businessmen not be able to find out?” ”

Money could make the world go round.

“As long as Lin Qingxuan wanted to know, what else could he not know? ”

“Zhou cuihua smiled and said, “Hang Hang, you are still young after all. Don’t you know that there is a saying that goes, ‘If there is a countermeasure, there is a policy’? With Xia Xiaoman being such a scheming woman, what could she not do? She would definitely plan out all the possible problems ahead of Time!” ”

“Since Xia Xiaoman dared to find a bastard child to become the Lin family’s bloodline, it meant that she must have planned everything ahead of Time! ”

“Speaking up to this point, Zhou cuihua continued, “Xia Xiaoman definitely has an adulterer behind her!” ”

Li hang did not say anything.

“Actually, Zhou Cuihua’s words were not wrong. ”

“Zhou cuihua continued, “So the most important thing for us now is to quickly find that adulterer!” ”

“When the time comes, let’s see how Xia Xiaoman will go back on her word! ”

Li hang nodded. “But how are we going to find him?”

“Zhou cuihua smiled and said, “Follow the clues! A Fox will eventually reveal its tail!” ”

“At this point, Zhou cuihua sighed and continued, “It’s a pity that the rich businessman is such a good man and didn’t meet a good woman! Look at how well the rich businessman treats Xia Xiaoman!” ”

Zhou Cuihua was about to say that she wasn’t Xia Xiaoman!

“In fact, she really thought so. ”

“If she were Xia Xiaoman, she would definitely be more valuable to the rich businessman than Xia Xiaoman. ”

“Some things were fine if they were not seen, but once they were seen and witnessed, the seeds of desire would take root and sprout in the heart. ”

“Li hang continued, “Mom, should we follow Xia Xiaoman?”After all, only by following the vines could one find out the truth. ”

Only by following Xia Xiaoman could one find out who the adulterer was!

“Zhou cuihua said, “We ordinary people can’t do detective work.” ”

“Although Zhou Cuihua didn’t have much culture, she knew that there was a profession called detective in this world. ” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Li hang turned to look at Zhou cuihua and asked, “You mean to find a Detective?” ”

“”Yes.”Zhou cuihua nodded. “This time, we must make Xia Xiaoman reveal her true colors!” ”

“Li Hang hesitated for a moment. “But private detectives should be very expensive, right?” ”

“Li Hang did not know about private detectives, but he knew that such private detectives usually served the rich. ”

“”You can’t trap a wolf by being unwilling to part with a child!”Zhou cuihua continued, “Besides, when we get the evidence and let the rich businessman see the truth, the rich businessman might have to thank us!” ”

“Li hang nodded, “That’s true.” ”

Lin Qingxuan was so rich that she definitely wouldn’t be stingy with the private detective’s money.

“Zhou cuihua said while driving, “Hang hang, check if there are any private detective shops nearby.” ”

“Are we going now?”Li Hang asked.

“Zhou cuihua nodded. “Of course we have to strike while the iron is hot. Since Xia Xiaoman is unkind, don’t blame us for being unrighteous!” ”

Li hang nodded. “Then let me search.”

“Soon, they found a private detective’s shop. ”

“”Mom, I found it.”Li hang sent his phone to the central console. “Just follow the navigation.” ”

“Zhou cuihua glanced at the navigation and asked, “Is the next intersection a left turn?” ”

“Yes.”Li hang nodded.

“The detective’s shop was not far away, and they arrived soon. ”

The fee for a private detective was higher than Li Hang had imagined.

“However, Zhou Cuihua did not feel any heartache when she paid. After all, the reward was greater than the effort! ”

“When they came out of the detective agency, Zhou Cuihua hummed a little tune along the way. ”

“Li Hang was a little worried. “Mom, what do you think we should do if the detectives don’t find anything?” ”

“”Do you think that private detectives are useless?”Zhou cuihua continued, “Hang Hang, just you wait and see. In less than three days, Xia Xiaoman will definitely reveal her fox tail!” ”