Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2595: 546: Divorce 1

Translator: 549690339

“In terms of appearance, Zhou Cuihua was not bad-looking. ”

“Otherwise, Li Hang would not be so good-looking. ”

“However, when Li Da Long was young, he was also a little boy who could make all the girls yearn for him. ”

“It was just that now that he was middle-aged, there was some difference between him and when he was young. ”

“In fact, Li Da Long’s facial features were still very good. ”

Li Da Long’s words were very good at provoking Zhou Cui Hua.

“Zhou Cui Hua widened her eyes in anger. “You want me to look in the mirror? What do you mean? Are you saying that I’m not good enough for you? Li Da Long, who exactly is not good enough for Who!” ”

“If it was not for Li da long delaying her, she could have found a man who was comparable to Lin Qingxuan. ”

“After all, she was prettier than Xia Xiaoman, and she was more understanding than Xia Xiaoman. ”

Everything she had was better than Xia Xiaoman!

“She could have everything that Xia Xiaoman had originally, but now, she could only stay with Li Dalong, this useless thing, for the rest of her life. ”

“The more Zhou Cuihua thought about it, the more she felt wronged, and her heart felt extremely uncomfortable, “Li Dalong, think about it with your conscience. All these years, I’ve suffered and cried with you! But what about you! What have you given me! “It’s been more than 20 years. Other than two broken houses and a broken car, what have you given me!” ”

“The more Zhou Cui Hua spoke, the more excited she became. She was almost in tears. “All you’ve given me is old age and ugly wrinkles all over my face!” ”

“When she married Li da long back then, she was only a young girl of 18 or 19 years old. ”

“In the blink of an eye, she was almost 50 years old. ”

Other People’s 50-year-old could marry a rich man and live a good life.

Her 50-year-old could only stay with a useless man.

What was the meaning of such a life?

“Most importantly, this man did not know how to be grateful! ”

“Li Dalong looked at Zhou cuihua, his eyes full of confusion. ”

He even felt that Zhou Cuihua had changed into a different person.

The Zhou Cuihua in the past was not like this. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Could it be that all menopausal women were so scary?

“Li Da Long tried his best to calm himself down. He was a man, he could not be calculative with a woman who was in menopause. ”

“I don’t want to quarrel with you now.”Li Da Long looked at Zhou Cuihua and lowered his head to continue eating the egg fried rice.

“Li Hang walked to Zhou Cuihua’s side and pulled her into the bedroom. “Mom, don’t quarrel with my dad.” ”

“In fact, Li Dalong had not had it easy all these years. ”

“Although the Li family did not have much money, they did not lack small money. ”

Just the two houses in the center of Beijing were not something that ordinary people could own.

“Moreover, Li Hang had learned dance and piano since he was young. ”

These hobbies were not things that ordinary people’s children could have.

“Zhou Cuihua had not gone to work since she got married. When Li Hang was young, he was raised by his grandparents. Later, when his parents passed away unexpectedly, Li Hang was already in junior high school. ”

“Zhou Cuihua was usually responsible for shopping, buying clothes, and playing cards. ”

“Therefore, before this, Zhou Cuihua had a sense of superiority in front of her relatives. ”

“After all, other people had to work from nine to five every day, but she did not have to do anything. ”

Especially Xia Xiaoman.

“Xia Xiaoman was the same age as her and loved to compare herself with her since she was young. In the end, she married a good-for-nothing man and had to take care of her own children after giving birth. ”

“When Xia Xiaoman gave birth to an Lizi, she was still in the womb when she went out to do business! ”

“But now, this sense of superiority was broken by Xia Xiaoman! ”

How could Zhou cuihua bear this!

“Seeing that Li Hang also asked her to go back to the bedroom, Zhou Cuihua was even more dissatisfied. “Hang Hang, you are the child that I carried for ten months. Are you going to stand on your father’s side now?” ”

“Li Hang was also somewhat helpless. She knew that Zhou Cuihua had suffered too much in the past few days, so she continued, “Mom, I didn’t mean that. Dad just got home from a business trip, and he’s also quite tired...” ”

These words were undoubtedly the spark that detonated the bomb.

“Zhou cuihua turned her head to look at Li hang and said angrily, “He’s tired? So he’s tired and I’m not tired anymore? Hang Hang, you really disappoint me!” ”

“In this family, she had paid much more than Li da long! ”

What did Li da long give this family?

“Other than giving a small amount of money, he didn’t give anything! ”

Li Hang didn’t know what to say.

“At this time, Li da long said, “Hang Hang, go back to your room. This is between your mother and me. Don’t interfere.” ”

“Li hang nodded and walked into the bedroom. After taking a few steps, he turned to look at Li da long and said worriedly, “Dad...” ”