Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2599: 556: Scorch is out

Translator: 549690339

“She had already divorced Li da long, so the earlier Li Hang moved out, the better. ”

“Hearing this, Li Hang hesitated. “Mom, I, I don’t want to move out.” ”

“You don’t want to move out?”Zhou Cui Hua’s face was full of question marks. “Why?”

“Li hang continued, “I want to stay with Dad.” ”

Zhou Cui Hua was almost 50 years old this year.

“She had seen Xia Xiaoman marry a rich businessman for the second time, so in a moment of passion, she divorced Li da long. She thought that she could be like Xia Xiaoman and marry a rich man, but in fact, she was nothing. ”

It was impossible for everyone to be as lucky as Xia Xiaoman. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

It was also impossible for everyone to marry a rich man.

“When she heard this, Zhou cuihua said in disbelief, “Hang, what are you talking about? ! What can you do by accompanying him? ! What can that trash, your father, give you? !” ”

“Other than the two apartments under Li Da Long’s name, there were only two cars, and his savings did not exceed seven figures. ”

He simply could not give Li hang a rich life.

“Li hang looked at Zhou Cuihua, then he said, “Mom, I still think that you are taking too much of a risk. You should go back and clear up the misunderstanding with my father and ask him to forgive you. After all, you and he have been husband and wife for so many years. As long as you explain clearly, he will definitely forgive you.” ”

“When she heard this, Zhou Cuihua’s reaction was especially big. She stared at Li Hang with her eyes wide open, “Hang Hang, what are you talking about! Who wants his forgiveness? He doesn’t have the ability himself, yet he still blames me for divorcing him? As long as he lives like a man, we wouldn’t have reached this stage!” ”

“In Zhou Cuihua’s view, it was all because Li Dalong was too incompetent and didn’t give her the life she wanted. ”

“Zhou cuihua continued, “Back then, Xia Xiaoman could not even raise her head in front of me! And Now! She is a rich lady from a wealthy family, what am I? I am even worse than their Butler!” ”

“At the mention of this, Zhou Cuihua was furious. ”

“”Mom, calm down and let me analyze it for you.”Li hang continued, “Although my dad is not as rich as Lin Qingxuan, he has not let you suffer all these years. His two houses in the capital are also worth tens of millions. Think about it carefully, who among your Little Sisters would not envy your current life?” ”

“Among ordinary people, Zhou Cuihua was definitely not ordinary. ”

How many people spent their whole lives fighting for a house?

“Zhou Cuihua’s thoughts were exactly the same as Li Hang’s in the past, but now she would not have such thoughts anymore. ”

“”Hang Hang, you don’t understand at all.”Zhou cuihua continued, “So you don’t want to move out from your father’s Place?” ”

“”Mom, I’m sorry.”Li hang couldn’t take such a big risk for the time being. ”

“After all, Zhou Cuihua had nothing now. ”

“By following Li Dalong, at least she didn’t have to worry about her house and car. ”

“Seeing that her daughter didn’t believe her, Zhou Cuihua wasn’t angry either. She continued, “Hang Hang, just you wait. Mom will one day let you be like an Lizi and become a legitimate heiress!” ”

“It was fine if Li Hang did not believe her now. One day, she would prove it to Li Hang. ”

“”Mom,”Li Hang took a sip of coffee. “I also think that you should think about it carefully so that you won’t regret it when the time comes.” ”

Regret?

“Zhou cuihua smiled and said, “Don’t worry. I Won’t regret it.” ”

Why would she regret it?

On the other side.

Today was ye Shu’s birthday.

Xia Xiaoman and Lin Qingxuan brought Xiao Lin to the Lin family manor to play and celebrate ye Shu’s birthday.

“Ye Shu said a little embarrassedly, “It’s just a birthday, and I made you guys come over.” ”

“Xia Xiaoman said, “It’s okay, we’re close anyway. It’s a good time for everyone to get together and have a chat.” ”

“Ye Shu took Xiao Lin from Xia Xiaoman’s arms and said with a smile, “Where’s Lizi?” ”

“Lizi and Ouyang said they’re coming over tonight.”

“Ye Shu asked with concern, “How’s their relationship recently?” ”

“Xia Xiaoman said with a smile, “That Kid Ouyang is pretty good. What his father and I mean is that if the two of them can get along, we’ll let them get engaged in the second half of the year.” ”

“Ye Shu nodded. “I think Ouyang is pretty good too. They have four children together, and now Chu Yan doesn’t have a girlfriend.” ”

Chu Yan was fat tiger.

“Xia Xiaoman asked, “Have you found the child called Li Wen?” ”

“Ever since Xia Xiaoman and Ye Shu knew their real names, they had never called them by their nicknames. ”

Ye Shu nodded. “I heard from Ah Ze that he seems to have found them.”

The two sisters-in-law talked as they walked into the house.

“Fourth aunt is here.”Ye Zhuo walked out of the house.