Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2602: 557: Pros and cons

Translator: 549690339

“Bai Jingshu said, “It would be great if the child in my stomach was also a twin.”Logically speaking, a twin was also related to genes.”

“When she found out that she was pregnant, Bai Jingshu was still looking forward to it, but unfortunately, it was not twins.”

“”You can’t force this kind of thing,”Xia Xiaoman continued, “Maybe your second child will be twins. Oh right, do you plan to have a second child?””

“Bai Jingshu nodded. “Yes, let’s have more children.””

“Xia Xiaoman agreed. “I think so too. If it weren’t for the age restriction, I would have wanted to have a third child. Lizi and Ah Zhi’s age difference is too big. The two of them usually can’t play together.””

“In fact, Xia Xiaoman really wanted to have a third child, but Lin Qingxuan disagreed. Older pregnant women were not good for the fetus and pregnant women. The risk was too great!”

“Hearing this, an lizi immediately said, “Mom, How Old Am I? I’m still playing with a little brat!””

Lin Zhi immediately looked up at an Lizi. “Big Sister is a great beauty.”

The biggest advantage of Little Lin Zhi was his sweet mouth. He could often make people lose their minds.

“What About Me?”Ye Zhuo looked at Little Lin Zhi.

“Little Lin Zhi said, “Little sister is a fairy from the nine heavens!””

“Ye Zao smiled and said, “Ah Zhi is also a little handsome.””

“Little Lin Zhi said a little embarrassedly, “He’s just average handsome.””

These words made the others burst out laughing.

...

On the other side.

Zhou Cuihua returned to her parents’house.

“When her parents heard the news of Zhou Cuihua’s divorce, they were all more and more shocked.”

“Especially Zhou Cuihua’s older brother, Zhou Xiatian. He immediately slammed the table and stood up. “What did you say? Tell me again!””

“Zhou cuihua said, “I’m divorced.””

“Hearing that, Zhou Xiatian immediately asked, “Why are you divorced?””

“Zhou Cuihua’s sister-in-law, Sun Guixiang, immediately asked, “Then how do you divide the assets between the two of you?””

“Li Dalong had two houses and two cars. These were all assets after marriage. No matter what, they had to be divided into a house and a car for Zhou cuihua.”

“Zhou Cuihua was a little speechless and said, “What assets could he have! Sister-in-law, what are you thinking about!””

Just how much money could Li Dalong have? It was not even enough to hire a butler.

“Sun Guixiang looked at Zhou cuihua and said, “Li Dalong went bankrupt? When did this happen?””

Bankrupt?

“When she heard this, Zhou Cuihua’s eyes were filled with speechlessness.”

“First of all, one had to have money to go bankrupt. What kind of assets could Li Dalong have?” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Zhou cuihua continued, “Other than the two houses, what other assets does Li Dalong have? I didn’t want any of these two houses. I went out with nothing.””

Left with nothing?

Zhou Xiatian and Sun Guixiang seemed to have heard a bolt from the blue!

“Sun Guixiang, in particular, widened her eyes. “What did you say? Left with nothing?””

“Yes.”

They were all people who lived their lives. They knew very well what leaving with nothing meant.

“”Why did Li Da Long let you leave with nothing?”Zhou Xiatian looked at Zhou cuihua and continued, “Also, why didn’t you discuss such a big matter with us!””

“Zhou cuihua said indifferently, “It wasn’t Li Dalong who made me leave with nothing. It was my own request.””

“You’re Crazy!”Zhou Xiatian looked at Zhou Cuihua and thought that she was hearing things!

He wanted to leave with nothing!

“”I’m very clear-headed now,”Zhou cuihua continued, “I’ve been crazy for more than 20 years. Now that I’m completely clear-headed, Li Dalong is not worthy of me at all! “Brother, tell me, how did I go blind back then to follow a useless man like Li Dalong!””

“Thinking of this matter, Zhou cuihua still felt extremely regretful.”

Very regretful!

“Unfortunately, time could not go back to those years when she was unmarried.”

“Zhou Xiatian looked at Zhou cuihua and continued, “Do you know what you’re talking about! What exactly did you get divorced for?””

“”Because Li Dalong is a trash!”Zhou cuihua continued, “Brother, do you still remember Xia Xiaoman? Do you know what Xia Xiaoman was like back then? Do you know what she’s like now? She’s a rich lady now. Not only do she have servants, she even hired a butler! “I’m better and prettier than her. Why should i guard that trash Li Dalong?””

“Zhou cuihua and Zhou Xiaxia were half-siblings, so Zhou Xiaxia and Xia Xiaoman were not that close.”

“Zhou xiaxia only had a vague impression of Xia Xiaoman. After Xia Xiaoman got married and gave birth to a daughter, he had never seen Xia Xiaoman again.”

“However, the incident between Xia Xiaoman and an Dongliang had blown up, so he knew one thing.”