Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2603: 557: Pros and Cons

Translator: 549690339

“He knew that an Dongliang had committed murder and was in prison. He only heard that Xia Xiaoman had remarried, but he did not know that Xia Xiaoman had married into a wealthy family. ”

“When Xia Xiaoman remarried, Zhou Xiatian had even joked with her friends that this woman was too heartless. Not long after her husband was sentenced, she could not stand the loneliness and married! ”

She was not even willing to put on a Show!

“Sun Guixiang Looked Zhou cuihua up and down and said in disbelief, “So the reason for your divorce is that you think you can marry a rich man again?” ”

“”If Xia Xiaoman can, why can’t I?”Zhou cuihua asked back. ”

Sun Guixiang was completely speechless. The way she looked at Zhou Cuihua was as if she was looking at an idiot.

She didn’t know where Zhou Cuihua’s confidence came from. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

She also didn’t know what Zhou Cuihua was thinking in her heart.

She even suspected that Zhou Cuihua had never looked in the mirror before!

“”Are you out of your mind?”Sun guixiang continued, “You have to get it straight. You’re already forty-eight years old this year! You’re not eighteen years old!” ”

Unless the rich man was blind!

“Otherwise, why would he look at Zhou Cuihua! ”

“Sister-in-law! What do you mean? Are you looking down on me?”Zhou cuihua looked at Sun Guixiang with a questioning expression.

“Sun guixiang said, “It’s not that I’m looking down on you, I just feel that you don’t know enough about yourself! Look at Yourself Now! Just do it! The child is about to get married, and you’re still doing this! Aiyo, I really don’t know what kind of evil the ancestors of the old Zhou family did in their previous life!” ”

“Although Sun Guixiang’s name had a slight sense of age, she was a cultured person. ”

“Although her education was not high and she was only in secondary school, she usually liked reading and had a clear mind, so she knew what to do at the right age. ”

Zhou Cuihua’s current behavior was completely brain-damaged!

“Zhou Cuihua didn’t expect Sun Guixiang’s words to be so harsh. She was so angry that her face turned pale, but she was even more certain in her heart that she would marry another super rich man. She would make all those who looked down on her regret endlessly! ”

“”Sun Guixiang, how can you say that! What do you mean by what the ancestors of the old Zhou family did?”Zhou Cuihua was extremely angry. “Apologize to me!” ”

“I didn’t say anything wrong again! Why should I apologize to you!”Sun Guixiang put her hands on her hips and rolled her eyes at Zhou Cuihua.

“Thinking back to those years, all the relatives in the family envied Zhou Cuihua for marrying a good husband! ”

“Not only did she know how to earn money, but she was also not a playboy. All the money she earned over the years was handed over to Zhou Cuihua for safekeeping. ”

“Most importantly, Li Dalong did not value sons over daughters. Because Zhou cuihua felt that giving birth was too painful, she was determined not to give birth to a second child in that era. Li Dalong did not complain at all. ”

“At that time, when Li Da Long’s business had gotten better, everyone had been speculating whether Li da Long would suddenly dump Zhou Cui Hua. ”

But.

No.

Li Da Long treated Zhou Cui Hua as well as ever.

Zhou Cui Hua was really sick now. That was why she had suddenly gone crazy and wanted to divorce Li da long.

Her good days had come to an end!

“Zhou Cui Hua was furious. “Brother, aren’t you going to take care of her?” ”

“Zhou Xia Tian looked at Zhou cui hua and said, “Your sister-in-law is right! You’re just too pretentious!” ”

“At this point, Zhou Xia Tian held Zhou Cui Hua’s hand. “Let’s Go! You come with me immediately. I’ll bring you to the Li family to apologize to Dalong. He will definitely forgive you for my sake!” ”

The best way now was to stop the losses in time.

She could not let Zhou cuihua continue acting like this!

“Why should I!”Zhou cuihua fiercely shook off Zhou Xiaxia’s hand. “I didn’t do anything wrong. Why should I lower my head and admit my mistake for him!”

Zhou Xiaxia was furious.

“Sun Guixiang stood to the side and advised, “Old Zhou, don’t bother about her! You’re doing her a favor now. It’s fine if she doesn’t appreciate your kindness, but she even thinks that you’re in her way!” ”

“With that, Sun Guixiang pulled Zhou Xiatian into the house. ”

“No matter what, Zhou Cuihua was Zhou Xiatian’s only sister. Although the two of them had different fathers, they were still related by blood. ”

“”She’s My Sister!”After saying that, he pushed Sun Guixiang’s hand away and walked in front of Zhou Cuihua and the others, then he said, “I’m telling you very seriously, you’ll definitely regret divorcing Li Dalong! “However, it’s not too late for you to regret now. If you still treat me as your brother, then listen to my advice. Go back and live a good life with da long. Don’t think about those unnecessary things anymore! “Those lives don’t belong to you!” ”

“Speaking up to this point, Zhou Xia Tian paused, “Compared to most people, you are already living a fairy-like life. Look at your sister-in-law and me. We are still renting a house to live in! and the two of you have everything in the capital! Your Daughter is also living up to expectations!” ”