Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2604: 557: Pros and Cons 4

Translator: 549690339

“Zhou Xiatian spoke with sincerity and sincerity, wanting Zhou cuihua to turn back in time. ”

“But right now, Zhou Cuihua’s mind was only filled with the image of Xia Xiaoman leading a good life. She couldn’t listen to anything else! ”

“”Brother, are you doing this for my own good or are you trying to harm me? !”Zhou Cuihua was very angry. Her eyes were red as she pointed at Zhou Xiatian and said, “Or do you guys think that I will never be able to compare to Xia Xiaoman? !” ”

Zhou Cuihua felt that Xia Xiaoman was a hurdle in her life.

“When she was young, her relatives and friends would often say that Cuihua was prettier than Xiaoman. ”

“However, Xiaoman’s grades were good, so she would definitely have a bright future. ”

“Then, Zhou Cuihua didn’t want to study anymore because she wanted to prove to her relatives and friends that even if she didn’t study, even if she was illiterate, she could still lead a good life. ”

“Later on, things did develop as she imagined. Xia Xiaoman failed her middle school exams and turned around to marry a man from the same village. After being married for decades, the two of them still lived a tight life. ”

“In the end, when their days were better, they ended up getting a divorce. ”

And her life had always been much better than Xia Xiaoman’s.

But now...

That person who had always been under her feet suddenly stood up.

How Could Zhou Cuihua accept this?

“Moreover, she had always felt that she was better than Xia Xiaoman in all aspects. ”

“So, she could have everything that Xia Xiaoman could have. ”

“Zhou Xiatian said, “This isn’t a question of whether we can compare or not! This is fate! Cuihua, your life is already better than most people’s. You have a happy marriage and a happy family! Your sister-in-law is so jealous of you! Mom has always been proud of you!” ”

“”You mean my life is not as good as Xia Xiaoman’s?”Zhou cuihua looked at Zhou Xiatian and said, “Then I must prove to you that my life is not as bad as Xia Xiaoman’s!” ”

“Zhou Xiatian sighed, “I didn’t mean that! Cuihua, calm down. I’m doing this for your own good!” ”

“I don’t need you to do this for my own good!”Zhou cuihua waved Zhou Xiatian’s hand away. “I won’t come here anymore! I don’t have a brother like you!”

“After saying that, Zhou cuihua turned around and left. ”

“Zhou Xiatian watched her back and was about to chase after her when Sun Guixiang grabbed her, “Don’t try to be a good person at this time. Your sister is too much! I knew she would definitely suffer! Even if you chase after her now, she will still see you as a stumbling block!” ”

There were some things that could be seen clearly from the sidelines.

“Based on Zhou Cuihua’s current state, it was indeed not suitable for her to catch up. ”

“Because no matter what she said, Zhou Cuihua would not listen. ”

Zhou Xiatian sighed and did not know what to do.

“Sun guixiang continued, “This is someone else’s matter. As an elder brother, you should just say what you need to say and ignore everything else!” ”

Zhou Xiatian took out her phone and called Li Hang.

“Li Hang was Zhou Cuihua’s daughter after all, and he was a highly educated intellectual. She definitely had a way to resolve this matter. ”

“In the end, Li Hang was also extremely helpless. ”

“”Uncle, you should know my mother’s temper. As long as it’s something she decides, not to mention us, even ten cows won’t be able to pull it back.”Li hang continued, “I’ve done a lot of ideological work for her, but it’s all useless. As a daughter, I don’t want to see them reach this stage.” ”

“In fact, Li Hang also had his own selfish motives. ”

There were many possibilities in life. What if Zhou Cuihua really succeeded?

Who wouldn’t want to be rich and powerful?

Who wouldn’t want to reach the sky in one step?

It all depended on Zhou Cuihua’s ability!

“After Zhou Cuihua returned, she received a call from Xia Xiaoman. Xia Xiaoman invited her to the villa as a guest. ”

Zhou Cuihua was extremely happy. She was worried that she wouldn’t have the chance to find Xia Xiaoman.

She didn’t expect the opportunity to come knocking on her door.

“The next day, Zhou Cuihua freshened up and went to the Lin family’s villa. ”

“When she arrived at the villa, Zhou Cuihua realized that she wasn’t the only guest today. ”

The villa was very lively.

“Cousin.”Xia Xiaoman greeted her with a smile. “Why didn’t Hang Hang come along?”

“Zhou cuihua said, “She’s busy.” ”

“Xia Xiaoman nodded. “Young People’s careers are indeed more important. There are more customers today, so let me introduce you. This is boss Wang of Yumen Real Estate, and this is CEO Zhao of LP Group...” ”

Zhou cuihua nodded gracefully and shook hands with them.

“In just one afternoon, Zhou cuihua had exchanged wechat messages with boss Wang of the real estate company. ”

She had thought that he was just a small real estate boss.

“After returning home in the evening, Zhou Cuihua went online to check and found out that boss Wang was simply a super big boss with a net worth of hundreds of millions! ”

“Most importantly, this boss Wang had lost his wife in the early years and had never married. ”

“After investigating this information, Zhou Cuihua was extremely excited. ”

She knew that her chance had come. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

What made Zhou cuihua even more excited was that boss Wang actually took the initiative to contact her the next day to have coffee with her.

What did this mean?

This meant that boss Wang had a good impression of her.

“Of course, Zhou Cuihua couldn’t let go of such a good opportunity. She immediately freshened up and went to the appointment on time. ”

Boss Wang arrived early.

“Ms. Zhou is very beautiful today.”

“Zhou Cuihua didn’t expect that boss Wang’s first sentence would be to praise her beauty. She smiled and said, “Thank you.” ”