Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2605: 557: fish on the hook 1

Translator: 549690339

Zhou cuihua was especially excited. Boss Wang’s appearance had given her hope.

Soon.

“Soon, she would be able to make everyone’s eyes light up. ”

“She would let everyone know that even if she, Zhou cuihua, was old, she could still marry a rich man! ”

She was better than Xia Xiaoman.

“Zhou cuihua smiled and said, “When did Mr. Wang arrive?” ”

“”Not long ago.”Boss Wang stood up and pulled out the chair opposite him. He said in a gentlemanly manner, “Ms. Zhou, please sit.” ”

“He was rich and gentlemanly, and he was also very handsome. ”

He was many times stronger than Li Dalong. This was simply Zhou Cuihua’s ideal type.

“Thank you.”Zhou cuihua thanked him.

“Boss Wang smiled and said, “From the moment I entered, Ms. Zhou has already thanked me twice.” ”

“At this point, boss Wang paused, then he said, “I have been friends with Mr. Lin and Mrs. Lin for many years. Ms. Zhou is their cousin, so we are not outsiders. I wonder if I have the honor to be friends with Ms. Zhou?” ”

“”Of course!”Zhou Cuihua was a little flattered and continued, “It’s my honor to be friends with someone like Mr. Wang.” ”

“”No, no, no.”Boss Wang immediately said, “It’s my honor to be able to make friends with Ms. Zhou.” ”

Zhou Cuihua was extremely excited.

“Boss Wang picked up the menu and continued, “What would you like to drink, Ms. Zhou?” ”

“Zhou cuihua smiled and said, “Just ordinary coffee will do.” ”

“”Okay.”Boss Wang nodded and said to the waiter, “Two cups of Blue Mountain Coffee.” ”

“Please wait a moment.”

“Boss Wang then said, “And a few more of your signature desserts.” ”

“Okay.”

“After saying that, boss Wang handed the menu to the waiter. ”

“Zhou Cuihua was sitting opposite boss Wang. Suddenly, she didn’t dare to look up at boss Wang. ”

Her heart was beating so fast that it almost jumped out of her chest.

She felt like she had returned to the teenage years in an instant.

“At that time, she had met Li Dalong for the first time and was in the same state now. ”

“”I heard from Mrs. Lin that you have a daughter, Ms. Zhou?”Boss Wang took the initiative to ask. ”

“Hearing that, Zhou cuihua nodded. “Yes, I do have a daughter.” ”

“Boss Wang nodded. “It’s like this. I actually really wish that I had a daughter. Unfortunately, my wife left early.” ”

“At this point, boss Wang’s eyes were filled with regret. He continued, “May I ask, Madam Zhou, is your daughter following you or your ex-husband?” ”

“When she heard this, Zhou Cui Hua became even more agitated. What did boss Wang Mean? ”

Was he hinting at her?

Yes.

That must be the case.

“Zhou Cui hua smiled and said, “My Daughter is following me.” ”

“Although Li Hang was with Li Dalong now, Zhou Cuihua believed that as long as the matter between her and boss Wang was confirmed, Li Hang would definitely follow her! ”

“”Oh, that’s great!”Boss Wang smiled and nodded. “Ms. Zhou, how old is your daughter this year?” ”

“”She’s 23 this year,”Zhou Cuihua replied. ”

“”23 years old.”Boss Wang smiled and said, “Then she should have graduated from university, right?” ”

“”Yes, she has already graduated.”Zhou cuihua said, “She’s preparing to take the postgraduate entrance exam recently.” ” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Boss Wang nodded. “I can imagine that she must be a very outstanding child.”

“Zhou cuihua said, “My daughter doesn’t have any other good qualities, but she’s willing to work hard. When she was in school, she was a good student and an outstanding cadre every year.” ”

“”Daughters are more like their mothers,”boss Wang said. ”

“This sentence was clearly praising Li Hang, but it was actually praising Zhou cuihua. ”

Zhou cuihua also realized this and her face turned slightly red.

“At this moment, the coffee was served. ”

“Boss Wang took a sip of coffee and continued, “Oh right, may I ask, Ms. Zhou, what caused the divorce between you and your ex-husband?” ”

This question made Zhou Cuihua’s heart skip a beat.

“She couldn’t tell boss Wang that she got divorced because she looked down on Li Dalong, right! ”

“Zhou Cuihua’s eyes reddened and she continued, “Actually, there are some things that I don’t want to talk about, but since Mr. Wang has asked, i...” ”

“She looked as if she had been wronged. No matter who looked at her, they felt that it was the other party’s problem and had nothing to do with her. ”

“Boss Wang said, “Ms. Zhou, since it’s an unpleasant memory, don’t think about it. We have to move on as people. Let bygones be bygones!” ”

Zhou Cuihua didn’t expect boss Wang to be so considerate and take the initiative to give her a way out.