Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2606: 557: the fish takes the bait 2

Translator: 549690339

She was worrying about how to continue her story!

Life was really full of ups and downs.

“If she did not get a divorce, she would never have thought that such a day would come. ”

Zhou Cuihua looked up at boss Wang and smiled. “Mr. Wang is right. Let bygones be bygones. A person should look forward.”

“Boss Wang smiled and said, “I’m relieved that Ms. Zhou has such thoughts.” ”

Zhou cuihua also smiled. “What about Mr. Wang? I heard from my cousin that Mr. Wang hasn’t remarried all these years?”

Boss Wang nodded. “This society is too complicated. It’s not easy to find a good person.”

“At this point, he paused, then he said, “I’ve met many people. Some are much younger than me, and some are the same age as me. Most of them approached me with a purpose. “As time passes, I naturally don’t have any plans in this area.” ”

“Over the years, boss Wang had met all kinds of women. ”

“As he met more people, he became more and more fond of dogs. ”

“”You’re right.”Zhou cuihua nodded, she said with great agreement, “There are a lot of women. They look simple on the outside, but they’re actually very complicated on the inside. They’re vain and money-worshipping. Sometimes, even I don’t believe in love, let alone Mr. Wang.” ”

“Boss Wang continued, “But now I seem to have met the love of my life.” ”

This sentence had a hint.

Zhou Cuihua looked up at boss Wang. “Is that so?”

“Boss Wang nodded. “Actually, I never believed in love before. Until today, I didn’t believe that love at first sight really existed.” ”

Zhou Cui Hua’s heartbeat gradually quickened.

Did boss Wang mean what she thought he meant?

Love at first sight.

Was she the one who fell in love at first sight?

“Zhou Cui Hua was excited and expectant. She then asked, “I wonder if I have the honor to meet this lady?” ”

“Boss Wang smiled and said, “Far away in the horizon.” ”

Far Away in the horizon?

“Although Zhou Cui Hua had never read any books, she knew that the next sentence that was far away in the horizon was right in front of her eyes. ”

Did It mean that the person in boss Wang’s heart was her? Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Zhou cuihua took a sip of her coffee and did not say anything.

“Boss Wang continued, “I wonder what Miss Zhou’s impression of me is?” ”

“Hearing that, Zhou Cuihua suppressed the excitement in her heart and continued, “Very good.” ”

Boss Wang raised his cup. “Then let’s substitute coffee for wine. Cheers.”

“Cheers.”Zhou cuihua also raised her cup.

The two of them chatted happily.

“When they were leaving, boss Wang continued, “The day after tomorrow is my mother’s 75th birthday. I wonder if I have the honor to invite Ms. Zhou to attend?” ”

Zhou cuihua nodded repeatedly. “Of course.”

Being able to attend boss Wang’s mother’s birthday meant that she held a high position in boss Wang’s heart.

“Boss Wang smiled and said, “Then it’s settled! I’ll go back and tell my mother. She’ll definitely be very happy.” ”

“After saying that, boss Wang said, “When the time comes, don’t forget to bring your daughter along. My mother has always hoped to have a sensible and obedient granddaughter.” ”

“Okay.”Zhou cuihua nodded.

“When she left, boss Wang especially sent Zhou Cuihua to the rental house. ”

Zhou cuihua rented a single room.

The environment was not bad.

“When she returned home, Zhou cuihua heaved a sigh of relief. ”

It was great.

She did not need to live in such a place anymore.

“After taking a shower, Zhou cuihua sent a message to Li Hang. ”

Li hang was probably busy and did not reply immediately.

“When it was almost 11 o’clock, Li hang finally replied to Zhou cuihua. ”

The mother and daughter agreed to meet tomorrow.

“That night, Zhou Cuihua slept well. ”

“Soon, it was the second day. ”

Zhou cuihua and Li Hang had arranged to meet at a restaurant.

“As soon as they met, Zhou Cuihua shared her happy news with Li Hang. ”

“Hearing this, Li Hang felt that something was not quite right. “Mom, how long have you known that boss Wang? How do you know if he’s a good person or a bad person?” ”

“Zhou Cuihua was indeed pretty, but she was, after all, old. ”

Would the boss of the real estate company let go of a young and beautiful girl and look for an old woman?

How was that possible!

“Zhou cuihua said, “Hang Hang, you don’t understand at all. There’s a saying in this world called love at first sight. Boss Wang and I are.”or more accurately, it was boss Wang who fell in love with her at first sight. ”

“”In short, mom, Please Calm Down. Don’t be deceived by others. There are many swindlers who swindle money and women nowadays,”Li Hang said. ”

“At this time, Zhou Cuihua took out two tickets for the musical. ”