Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2607: 557: fish on the hook 3

Translator: 549690339

“Look at this.”

“Li Hang looked down and said in surprise, “Tickets to the Ansen musical? This ticket is very hard to buy! Mom, where did you get it!”Zhou cuihua also didn’t have the ability to do that. ”

Go to a concert?

Wasn’t the sun rising from the West?

“Zhou cuihua smiled and said, “This is given to me by your uncle Wang. He hopes that I can take you to watch the musical tomorrow night. He will be there too.” ”

Li Hang was a little stunned.

“The tickets for the musical were not expensive. The unit price was 1,800, but the most important thing was that Zhou Cuihua was holding a VIP seat. Not only was the price doubled, but it was also extremely difficult to buy. If one was not a VIP customer, there was no way they would not be able to buy it. ”

Were the barriers for swindlers so high these days?

“At this moment.., zhou cuihua continued to ask, “Hang Hang, are you going? Your Uncle Wang said that he had always hoped to have a daughter! I’ve asked around. He only has one son at home and is currently studying abroad in Australia. I heard that he has found a girlfriend from a local aristocratic family there and will most likely not return to China in the future... ... .. ”

“The more Zhou Cuihua spoke, the more excited she became. In the end, her eyes lit up as she said, “In the end, these things will all be yours!” ”

“Li Hang picked up the ticket and thought for a while. “Mom, are you sure that this ticket was given to you by him?” ”

“Zhou cuihua said, “If it wasn’t given by him, could it be that I bought it myself?”She had a lot of money to burn so she would buy this thing. ”

“Li hang continued, “What Time Tomorrow Night?” ”

“Isn’t it all on the ticket? From 6:30 to 8:30 pm.”

“Okay.”Li hang nodded.

She wanted to see whether this boss Wang was a real boss or a fake boss!

“Zhou cuihua smiled and said, “Then it’s settled. Remember to put on some pretty makeup tomorrow night.” ”

“Okay.”

“Zhou cuihua continued, “Oh right, how’s Your Dad these few days? Is he drinking at home?” ”

“Without her, Li Da Long’s life would definitely not be easy. ”

Zhou Cuihua was very familiar with her family’s status.

“All these years, Li da long simply could not leave her. ”

One could imagine how Li da long lived these few days after the divorce.

“Li Hang looked at Zhou cuihua and continued, “My father...” ”

“Just as Li Hang opened his mouth, Zhou cuihua raised her hand to interrupt her unfinished words. “Alright, Alright. You Don’t have to speak up for your father anymore. It’s already impossible for me to be with him.” ”

It was impossible to take back what was done.

“”Mom, you’ve misunderstood.”Li hang continued, “Father has been doing very well these days. His days are far more exciting than you can imagine.” ”

“Zhou cuihua had personally admitted to Li da long that she had someone else on the outside. If Li da long were to die for Zhou cuihua, that would be because he was too cheap! ”

“Therefore, after the divorce, Li Da Long had always been positive. He was not as heartbroken as Zhou Cuihua had imagined. ”

“Zhou cuihua smiled and said, “Alright, Alright. I still don’t understand your father’s character! There’s no need for you to hide it for him!” ”

“”Mom, you’ve really misunderstood.”Li Hang did not know what to say. ”

“Zhou cuihua continued, “Hang Hang, after you go back, think carefully. Do you choose to follow me or your father? Some choices can only be made once in a lifetime.” ”

Li hang nodded.

“After dinner, Li Hang drove Zhou cuihua back. ”

“When they got out of the car, Zhou Cuihua didn’t forget to remind him, “Hang Hang, Don’t be late tomorrow night.” ”

“”Don’t worry, Mom.” ”

“After returning home, Li Hang saw Li da long sitting on the sofa in the living room watching TV. ”

“”Hang Hang, come and sit.”Li Da long patted the empty sofa beside him. “Dad, I have something to talk to you about.” ”

Li Hang walked over.

“Dad.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Li Da Long turned off the television and turned to look at Li Hang. He then said, “Hang Hang, Dad wants to discuss something with you.” ”

“”Please speak,”Li Hang said. ”

“Li da long continued, “Your aunt has introduced an aunt to dad who is around the same age. Dad wants to meet her. What do you think?” ”

“Zhou Cui Hua had betrayed him first, so he had no need to stand guard for her. ”

“Li hang looked at Li da long and said with a smile, “Dad, for you to be able to come out so quickly, of course I’m happy for you.” ”

“”So Hang Hang, you support dad?”Li Da Long was very surprised. ”

“He had thought that his daughter would object, but he did not expect Li hang to be so sensible. ”

“Li hang nodded. “You are looking for your own happiness, why should I object?” ”

“Li Dalong was very excited. “Hang Hang, don’t worry. No matter if daddy remarries or not, you’re Daddy’s only daughter. Daddy will never have a second child.” ”