Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2610: 557: I’m so excited

Translator: 549690339

“Zhao Jing is so disgusting!”

“”Hang Hang, think of something.” ”

“Li hang naturally wouldn’t let the situation continue. He replied, “I got it.” ”

“Then, Li Hang opened a dialog box. ”

“[ Rou Rou, how many tickets do you want? ] ”

The other party replied very quickly.

“[ hang hang, do you mean to help me buy tickets? ] ”

[ yes. ]

“[ that’s great, Hang Hang, I want two tickets. ] ”

[ no problem. ]

“Then, Li Hang promised the other people. ”

There were a total of ten tickets.

Li hang put his phone back on the table and looked up at boss Wang.

“If boss Wang was really the boss of a real estate company, then ten tickets shouldn’t be a big deal to him, right? ”

“Then, what kind of excuse should she find? ”

Li hang narrowed his eyes.

“After the musical ended, the three of them left together. ”

“Li hang held his phone and frowned slightly, as if he had something on his mind. ” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Boss Wang quickly noticed that something was wrong with Li Hang and asked with concern, “What’s wrong with Hang?” ”

“”Nothing, nothing.”Li hang immediately put away his phone. ”

“Boss Wang smiled and said, “Your mother and I are very good friends. If you have anything to say, just tell uncle directly. You’re welcome.” ”

The next step of a good friend’s relationship was a couple.

The next step of a couple was a husband and wife.

“When Zhou Cuihua heard this, she was a little excited. ”

“Li Hang looked at boss Wang and said with a smile, “Uncle Wang, I’m really fine.” ”

“Boss Wang continued, “Hang Hang, your business is your mother’s business. It’s my honor to be able to solve a small problem for your mother. If you hide it and don’t say anything, you’ll be treating me as an outsider.” ”

Li hang hesitated for a moment. He didn’t know whether to say yes or no.

“Zhou cuihua said with a smile, “Mr. Wang, girls are always busy. You Don’t have to pay attention to her.” ”

“”Sigh, what you said is wrong.”Boss Wang smiled and said, “Girls are meant to be well-off and careful. Hang Hang, just say it. As long as it’s something that uncle can do, uncle will definitely do it for you.” ”

“Li Hang looked at boss Wang and then said, “My classmate knows that I’m here to watch a musical...” ”

“Before she could finish her sentence, she was interrupted by boss Wang’s laughter. “Okay, okay, okay. I got it. Does your classmate also want tickets?” ”

“Yes.”Li hang nodded.

“Boss Wang smiled and said, “This is not a big deal at all. I will call my assistant to get it right away. is ten tickets enough?” ”

“It’s enough.”Li Hang was a little excited.

She did not expect this matter to be done so smoothly.

She thought it was very difficult!

“From the looks of it, boss Wang was indeed a real estate boss. ”

An ordinary person would not be able to get ten tickets so easily.

“”Thank you, Uncle Wang.”Li hang immediately thanked him. ”

“We’re all on the same side. There’s no need to say thank you. You’re too polite.”Boss Wang waved his hand.

“After saying that, boss Wang continued, “I’ll send you guys back.” ”

“Li hang smiled and said, “Uncle Wang, I drove here myself. You can send my mother back.” ”

“”That’s fine too.”Boss Wang did not forget to remind him, “Drive carefully on the voyage.” ”

“”I know, Uncle Wang.” ”

“Boss Wang seemed to have thought of something and continued, “Oh Right, Hang Hang, Don’t forget to come home with your mother on Saturday.” ”

He did not use ‘my home’but ‘home’

What did this mean?

This meant that boss Wang had subconsciously treated Zhou Cuihua and her as his own people.

“”Okay, I will definitely come with my mother,”Li Hang said. ”

Zhou cuihua also realized this and her face was slightly red.

She had already started to think about what kind of gift to give to her future mother-in-law on Saturday.

“As her future daughter-in-law, the gifts she gave could not be too casual. ”

“”Uncle Wang, then I will take my leave first,”li hang continued, “Be careful on the road.” ”

“Boss Wang smiled and said, “I’m fine. I have a chauffeur.” ”

Chauffeur and assistant were the standard equipment for wealthy people.

Zhou Cuihua and boss Wang sat in the back seat of the luxury car.

“Along the way, boss Wang spoke with confidence and made Zhou Cuihua laugh out loud. ”

“On the way back, Li Hang was very excited. He had already started to seriously consider Zhou Cuihua’s suggestion. ”

She wanted to follow Zhou Cuihua.

Only by following Zhou Cuihua could she become the envy of everyone.

“However, she couldn’t say it now. ”

She had to wait and see.

Although she had already confirmed that boss Wang was the real boss.

But the rich people’s thoughts changed too quickly.

“Boss Wang could like Ms. Zhou today, and he might like Ms. Song and Ms. Yin tomorrow. ”