Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2615: 557: she was very excited

Translator: 549690339

On the other side.

Li Hang returned home.

“Seeing that she was in a good mood, Li da long asked curiously, “Where did hang hang go today? Why Are You So Happy?” ”

“Li hang said, “He went out to eat with a friend.” ”

“Li da long said, “You young people should indeed go out more often.” ”

“After saying that, Li da long continued, “Hang Hang, didn’t I tell you about your aunt before? I plan to invite her over to our house for a visit in the next few days. Do You Mind?” ”

“Li Da long respected Li Hang’s opinion. After all, the child was already so old. As long as Li Hang did not agree, he would not bring anyone into the house. ”

“Li hang hesitated for a moment. “Dad, did you guys develop so quickly?” ”

“”It’s a little faster than I imagined.”Li Da long paused for a moment before continuing, “After all, we are already people at this age. As long as we have a good impression of each other and both of us are rushing to live our lives, it will be fine.” ”

Li hang nodded in understanding. “When will you bring auntie over?”

“If it was any other time, Li Hang would definitely not agree to his father’s second marriage so quickly. However, things were different now. Zhou cuihua had found a wealthy businessman and she was too lazy to bother with Li Da Long’s matters. ”

“Li da long said, “Hang, if you agree, I want to bring her over the day after tomorrow.” ”

Li Hang did not say anything and took a bite of the apple.

“Li Da long could not understand Li Hang’s thoughts either. He continued, “Hang Hang Hang, don’t worry. Your Aunt Fan is definitely not that kind of messy woman.”Although he did not know much about fan yue, he could tell that.., fan Yue was a good woman who lived at home. ”

“”En,”li hang continued, “Is aunt fan the same age as you? What’s the situation at home?” ”

“Li da long said, “She’s two years younger than me. She has a son who is currently studying abroad. Her son’s abilities are pretty good, so he doesn’t need your auntie fan to take care of him at the moment.” ”

Li hang nodded. “Then why did she and her ex-husband get divorced?”

“Although he didn’t want to interfere in Li Da Long’s matters anymore, he still had to do some superficial work. ”

“Li da long said, “Her ex-husband was abusive. The heaviest time was when he beat your Auntie fan up and put her in the hospital for a month. It was only after the police intervened that this matter was settled. “It was also because of this matter that your aunt fan decided to get a divorce.” ”

“Li hang sighed. “That aunt fan is really pitiful. Dad, remember to treat her well in the future.” ”

“”Hang Hang, I’m so happy that you can think like that!”Li Da Long was a little gratified and a little excited. ”

“”Dad, I’m your daughter, so I hope that you’ll be happy.”Li hang looked at Li da long. “Similarly, I also hope that you won’t mistreat yourself for the rest of your life.” ”

“Li Hang’s words were sincere, making Li da long feel gratified. ”

He had grown up.

His daughter had really grown up!

“If it was in the past, he would not dare to think that way. ”

“Li Hang was the only daughter in the family, so his character was a little overbearing since he was young. A few years ago, Li Da Long also wanted to have a second child, but at that time, Li Hang angrily said that if his mother dared to have a second child.., she would throw her brother and sister downstairs and fall to their deaths! ”

“Since then, Li Dalong never mentioned the matter of having a second child again. ”

“Therefore, Li Dalong had always been worried that Li hang would stop him from remarrying. ”

“”Hang Hang, thank you,”Li Dalong said. ”

“”Dad, what are you talking about!”Li hang smiled and said, “As a son and daughter, isn’t it normal to want your father to live a happy life?” ”

Li Dalong was so happy that he wiped his tears.

The next day.

Zhou Cuihua was still sleeping when she was awakened by a knock on the door.

“When she opened the door, she realized that it was really her brother, Zhou Xiatian. ”

“”Brother, what are you doing so early in the morning?”Zhou Cuihua yawned and asked. ”

“Zhou Xiatian looked at Zhou cuihua and frowned, “What time is it now? How can you sleep?” ”

“Zhou cuihua asked curiously, “What’s wrong? What Happened?” ”

“Zhou Xiatian continued, “Li Dalong is going to marry someone else! If you don’t go back now, your home, your house, will become someone else’s!” ”

“As an older brother, Zhou Xiatian did not want to see such a thing happen. ”

“OH.”Zhou Cuihua’s voice was very calm after she heard it.

“Zhou Xiatian said, “Why aren’t you going back? ! Apologize to Dalong properly. What kind of obstacle can there be between a couple that can’t be overcome?” ”

“Once Li Dalong really married someone else, then Zhou cuihua would really be unable to salvage the situation. ”

“”Brother, I know you’re doing this for my own good!”In the early morning, Zhou Cuihua tried her best to hold back her anger and not let herself get angry, “But I really don’t need it. Li Dalong and I have already divorced. He can do whatever he wants with whoever he wants! It has nothing to do with me! From now on, he can cross his one-log bridge, and I can take my own path!” ”

“”Cuihua, please wake up a little, okay?”Zhou Xiatian continued, “The two of you are living a good life, why do you have to take this step today! Do you really think that you can find a better one after divorcing Dalong? Stop Dreaming!” ”

Zhou Xiatian wanted to slap Zhou cuihua right now.

“Hearing that, Zhou cuihua smiled and said, “Brother, just you wait! Let’s see who is not worthy of whom!” ”

“Soon, she would be able to marry into a rich family again! ”

“Zhou Xiatian looked at her sister like this and continued, “Cuihua, you really can’t be wrong anymore! There are many things in life that can not be repeated. I don’t want to see you regret it. I hope that you will be happy for the rest of your life.” ”

The last sentence touched Zhou cuihua. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

She was not the kind of person who was heartless.

She knew that Zhou Xiaxia was doing this for her own good.

“”Brother, I’m an adult now. I know how to choose some things.”Zhou cuihua continued, “Please believe me this time. My choice this time is absolutely right.” ”

Zhou Xiaxia shook her head helplessly.

“Seeing this, Zhou Cuihua could only tell Zhou Xiatian about boss Wang. ”

“Hearing this, Zhou Xiatian’s first reaction was that Zhou Cuihua had been deceived. ”

“”Cuihua! Quickly cut off contact with that person! That person must be a liar!”Zhou Xiatian continued, “How could a real rich businessman take a fancy to you!” ”

A rich businessman was not blind!

A young girl younger and prettier than Zhou Cuihua did not smell good?

“Zhou Cuihua was not happy to hear this. “Brother, what do you mean? What do you mean by the rich businessman does not like me? Do you think I have the face of someone who has been deceived?” ”

“”I don’t mean that,”Zhou Xiatian said. “I just think that the rich businessman will find someone with better conditions.” ”

“Then you mean Xia Xiaoman has also been deceived?”Zhou cuihua asked back.

“”I don’t comment on other people’s matters,”Zhou Xiatian continued, “Cuihua, I only care about you. If you don’t want to regret it in the future, then quickly cut off contact with that man!” ”

“Zhou cuihua said, “Brother, I don’t want to disturb the neighbors’rest early in the morning, and I don’t want to quarrel with you. If there’s nothing else, you can go back first!” ”

“After saying that, Zhou Cui Hua directly closed the door. ”

Bang.

Zhou Xia Tian was isolated outside the door.

“Looking at the tightly closed door, Zhou Xia Tian’s eyes were full of helplessness. ”

“He continued to knock on the door, but Zhou Cui Hua inside seemed to not hear him. ”

“The knocking on the door caused the other tenants to be dissatisfied, so Zhou Xia Tian had no choice but to leave. ”

Perhaps his wife was right.

“As long as he fulfilled his obligations, it would be fine. It was Zhou Cuihua’s own business whether she listened or not. ”

Some words that were spoken too much would only make others dislike her.

“How is it? is your sister ungrateful?”Zhou Xiatian had just walked out of the building when his wife came up to him.