Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2616: 558: very serious 1

Translator: 549690339

“Although she didn’t want to admit it, it was the truth. Not only did Zhou cuihua not appreciate it, she even chased him out. ”

Zhou Xiatian nodded. “It’s not good to mention this early in the morning. Let’s come back another time.”

“Although Zhou Cuihua had gone overboard, Zhou Xiatian was still an elder brother. From an elder brother’s point of view, he was still unwilling to give up on Zhou Cuihua. ”

He also did not want his only sister to spend the rest of her life in regret.

“Sun Guixiang snorted, then, she said, “Let me say something unpleasant. That sister of yours, she doesn’t even treat you as her older brother! If you really treat her well, she won’t know either. She’ll even think that you’re harming her! Old Zhou, I think you should stop meddling in her affairs! If you meddle too much, you’ll only make people dislike you!” ”

Sun Guixiang could see through Zhou cuihua. Zhou cuihua was a typical person who had a heart as high as the sky and a life as thin as paper.

“She thought she could marry some rich man, but in fact, she was nothing. ”

Zhou Xiatian scratched her head and looked at Sun Guixiang. “That’s easy for you to say. She’s my only sister!”

“So what if she’s my only sister?”Sun Guixiang was a little speechless. “You think so highly of her and have to consider everything for her. What about her? What has she done?”

“In any case, Sun Guixiang could not understand Zhou Xiatian’s act of sticking a warm face to a cold butt. ”

“Zhou Xiatian said, “What if it’s your younger brother? Would you be like this now and advise me not to interfere?” ”

“Speaking up to this point, Zhou Xiatian paused, then, he continued, “If you nod your head today, then I will never interfere in my sister’s matters from now on. You are also not allowed to interfere in your younger brother’s matters! I, Zhou Xiatian, am a man of my words and deeds. I will keep my word!” ”

Zhou Xiatian looked very serious and did not look like she was joking at all. Sun Guixiang looked at him and did not dare to make a sound.

Who asked her to have a disappointing younger brother!

“Breaking Bones and connecting tendons. Although her younger brother was disappointing, as an elder sister, she could not just watch her younger brother die outside. ”

“Sun Guixiang and Zhou Xiatian had been married for so many years. She knew Zhou Xiatian’s character. As long as she nodded her head today, there would be no room for negotiation in the future. ”

“”Alright, Alright. I was just saying. Look at how serious you are!”Sun guixiang continued, “Take care of her. Cuihua is your only sister. How can we not take care of her?” ”

“Hearing that, the anger on Zhou Xiatian’s face faded a little. ”

“Sun guixiang continued, “Why don’t we go look for Dalong?” ”

Zhou Xiatian did not say anything.

“Sun guixiang continued, “He and cuihua have been husband and wife for so many years. How can they break up just like that? Let’s Go and talk to him. Maybe he will forgive Cuihua.” ”

“Zhou Xiaxia thought for a moment, then nodded. “Alright, let’s go to Da Long’s place!”Having worked with Li da long for so many years, he knew that Li Da Long’s character was not bad. ”

“Since Zhou Cuihua refused to admit her mistake, then they could only look for a breakthrough on Li Da Long’s side. ”

Sun Guixiang accompanied Zhou Xiaxia to look for Li da long.

“Very soon, they arrived at the Li family home. ”

“With such a big incident happening at home, Li Da Long had rejected all the businesses and was prepared to take a good rest. At the same time, he would find a mistress for the family. ”

“In a family, it was fine to lose anyone but the mistress. ”

Zhou Xia Tian knocked on the door. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Very soon, the door opened. ”

It was Li da long who opened the door.

“Seeing his former brother-in-law standing outside the door, the smile on Li Da Long’s lips froze for a moment, but he quickly reacted and said with a smile, “Her uncle and aunt are here. Come in and have a seat.” ”

“Although he and Zhou cuihua were divorced, Zhou Xiatian and Sun Guixiang were still Li Hang’s uncle and aunt. ”

The Li family was still the same as before. It was as if Zhou Cuihua was still in the house and had never left.

Zhou Xiatian’s eyes were slightly red when she entered.

Li Da long quickly poured tea for the couple.

“”Her uncle and aunt, have some tea.” ”

“Li Da Long seemed to be the same as before, but he seemed to be different again. It was hard to see what he was thinking. ”

“Zhou Xia Tian picked up the Teacup, took a sip, and then said, “Where’s Hang Hang?” ”

“Li Da long smiled and said, “She went out early in the morning. Is there anything you need from her?” ”

Zhou Xia Tian did not say anything.

“Sun Guixiang said at the right time, “Da Long, actually your brother and I are here for you and Cui Hua.” ”

“After saying that, Li Dalong’s expression was clearly a little unhappy. ”

“Sun guixiang continued, “You and cuihua have been husband and wife for so many years. It’s really too sudden! Cuihua is also not willing to tell me what happened. Dalong, tell me honestly, what exactly happened between the two of you? Is there any possibility of redemption?” ”