Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2617: 558: very serious 2

Translator: 549690339

“At this point, Sun Guixiang paused, then, she continued, “People say that a hundred years of cultivation can lead to the same boat crossing, and a thousand years of cultivation can lead to the same bed sleeping together. All these years, you and cuihua have been through a lot. We’ve all seen it. It’s really a pity that the two of you got divorced just like that.””

“Sun Guixiang’s words were moving from the bottom of her heart. Li Da Long also felt a little uncomfortable listening to her. After all, his relationship with Zhou Cuihua for so many years was not fake.”

“At this point.., sun guixiang continued, “Even if you don’t think about yourself, you should think about hang hang. Hang Hang is already in his twenties this year, and he is about to find a boyfriend. This sudden divorce of his parents will more or less affect Hang Hang’s future.””

“As the saying goes, hit the snake at its weakest point.”

“To Li Da Long, Li Hang was his weakest point.”

“Li Da Long looked at Sun Guixiang, then he said, “Her first aunt, I know that you’re doing this for my good, for the good of this family! “I don’t want a divorce either. It’s Zhou Cui Hua who can’t take it anymore. “Let’s not say things that we don’t understand. Let’s be honest with the two of you. It’s impossible for Zhou Cui Hua and I to be together!””

“Hearing this, Zhou Xia Tian looked at Li da long. “Da Long, then can you tell me what unforgivable mistake did Cui Hua make?””

Zhou Xia Tian was very curious as to what kind of mistake made Li da long hold such a grudge.

“After saying this, zhou xia tian continued, “I’m Cuihua’s elder brother. I know that Cuihua has a bad temper since she was young, but she has always been like this. You’ve been married to her for so many years, you should also know that she’s not a bad person.””

“”If Cuihua really made a mistake, I’ll apologize to you on her behalf. Please forgive her just this once. Go and bring her back, okay?””

Zhou Xiatian stood up and bowed to Li Dalong on behalf of Zhou Cuihua.

“Zhou Xiatian understood Zhou Cuihua’s personality too well. If Li Dalong didn’t take the initiative to admit his mistake and bring her back, Zhou Cuihua wouldn’t compromise.”

“Therefore, as her elder brother, he could admit his mistake on behalf of Zhou Cuihua.”

“As her elder brother, for the sake of her younger sister’s future happiness, it didn’t matter if he endured humiliation.”

“As long as his younger sister was happy in the future, it was fine.”

“”Brother, this isn’t a matter of admitting one’s mistakes.”Li Da Long hurriedly stood up. “No matter what happens, it’s impossible for me and Cui Hua to be together!””

“”Why?”Zhou Xia Tian looked at Li da long, “Da Long, although Cui Hua’s personality is indeed very strong at times and it’s unbearable, the two of you have been husband and wife for many years! Could it be that the two of you are really going to part ways in the future?””

“Even if he wanted to kill someone, he would only nod his head. As his elder brother, it was already very rare for him to be able to do this. However, it was really inappropriate for Li Dalong to be so calculative!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Between husband and wife, was there anything that could not be resolved?”

“Moreover, Li Dalong and Zhou Cuihua still had a child between them.”

“Zhou Xiatian continued, “Can’t it be done even for the sake of Hanghang?””

“”Brother, what do you want me to tell you?”Li Dalong sighed.”

“The more Li Dalong acted like this, the more curious Zhou Xiaxia was. What did Zhou Cuihua do to make Li Dalong so heartless.”

“Zhou xiaxia continued, “Dalong, just tell me clearly what happened! There are no outsiders here. I really don’t know what you’re worried about!””

“Li Dalong looked at Zhou Xiaxia and said, “Brother, since things have come to this, I’ll tell you! Zhou cuihua has someone outside.””

“Actually, there were some things that Li Dalong did not want to say.”

“Firstly, he was afraid that Zhou Cuihua would lose face. Secondly, he was doing it for Li Hang’s sake. Thirdly, after such a thing happened, he could not bear to lose face.”

There was no man in this world who could tolerate his wife cheating on him.

“But now, there were some things that he had to say.”

“If he still did not say it, the Zhou family would think that he had made a mistake.”

“Speaking up to this point, Li Dalong paused and continued, “But please rest assured that you will always be hang hang’s first uncle and first aunt. Our Li family and the Zhou family will always be relatives.””

“Li Dalong was not an unreasonable person, so he would not force Zhou Cuihua’s mistakes on the Zhou family.”

Relatives will always be relatives.

Someone was outside? !

Zhou Xiatian was stunned on the spot.

How was this possible!

“”Did some misunderstanding happen?”Zhou Xiatian continued, “Dalong, believe me, Cuihua is definitely not that kind of casual person!””