Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2618: 558: very serious 3

Translator: 549690339

“Although Zhou Cuihua was a little snobbish and wanted to climb up the social ladder, she would never look for someone else. ”

Zhou Xiatian understood Zhou cuihua very well.

Zhou Xiatian refused to believe that such a thing had happened.

“”Brother, I also don’t believe that this is true, but it is true!”Li Dalong sighed. “You are also a man. You should understand my current feelings.” ”

“Sun Guixiang’s eyes widened when she heard this, and she continued, “It’s a mistake, it must be a mistake! Da Long, our Cuihua is definitely not this kind of person!” ”

“Although Sun Guixiang did not like Zhou cuihua very much, she understood Zhou cuihua. ”

Zhou Cuihua had her own bottom line.

“”She admitted it to me personally.”Li da long continued, “Otherwise, I wouldn’t have wanted to divorce her. Brother and sister-in-law, just like what you guys said, Hang Hang is already so old, and we are about to become grandparents. There is no need to go through so much trouble!” ”

“One day, a husband and wife would be forever indebted to each other. ”

“Moreover, he and Zhou Cui Hua had been husband and wife for decades. ”

“If Zhou Cui Hua had not broken his heart, he would not have made such a hasty decision. ”

“Impossible! This is absolutely impossible!”Zhou Xia Tian denied repeatedly. “I know my sister best. She is not that kind of person!”

“As an older brother, Zhou Xia Tian did not believe in such things at all. ”

“Seeing him like this, Li Da Long took out his phone. “Brother, there are some things that you don’t have the final say on. I don’t have the final say either. Let’s see for ourselves. Look at this.” ”

This was a surveillance video.

“In the video, the moment Zhou Cuihua returned home, she began to pick on him. In the end, she even admitted that she had someone outside. Her words were extremely unpleasant. ”

Zhou Xiatian looked at the video and her expression became extremely ugly.

“Since things had already come to this, what else could he say? ”

Sun Guixiang was also extremely shocked.

Crazy! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

This was really crazy!

Who would have thought that Zhou cuihua would be looking for someone outside.

Zhou Xiatian seemed to have watched the video several times before he finally confirmed that this was Zhou cuihua.

“At this moment, Zhou Xiatian’s face was all white. ”

“After a long while, Zhou Xiatian finally reacted. ”

“”Dalong, it’s our Zhou family that has let you down. It’s also because I, Zhou Xiatian, have not taught my younger sister well.”Zhou Xiatian looked at Li Dalong with a face full of guilt. ”

He had never thought that Zhou cuihua would do such a shameful thing.

It was really too much!

“”Brother, the matter has already passed. I’ve also divorced her. Let’s not talk about anything else.”Dalong li continued, “Let’s just be safe from now on.” ”

No one should disturb each other anymore.

“Having said that, Zhou Xiatian was already too embarrassed to beg Dalong Li to forgive Zhou cuihua. After all, it was Zhou Cuihua who had cheated on him first. ”

“According to the rules of their hometown, a woman who cheated on her would be spurned to death. At this moment, Zhou Xiatian did not even want to acknowledge her sister, she continued, “Dalong, you are a responsible and good man. It is her loss that Cuihua missed you. She will definitely regret it in the future.” ”

“Based on the current situation, Zhou Cuihua would definitely regret it in the future. ”

Zhou Cuihua was almost 50 years old this year.

Who else could she marry?

Her decision would cause her to be miserable for the rest of her life.

“”Brother, I don’t want to mention this matter in the future.”Li Dalong looked at Zhou Xiatian and continued, “I still say that we will still be relatives in the future.” ”

Zhou Xiatian was especially touched.

“It had to be said that Li Dalong was a rare good man. Unfortunately, Zhou Cuihua was not blessed. If it had been anyone else, they would definitely have made a move today. No matter what, it was Zhou Cuihua who had made a mistake. ”

“However, Li Dalong did not. Not only did he not, he even said that they would still be relatives in the future. If it had been any other man, he would not have such a tolerance. ”

“Looking at Zhou Cuihua’s attitude, Zhou Xiatian instantly felt ashamed. ”

Perhaps this was the difference between people.

It was Zhou Cuihua who was not good enough for Li Dalong.

“Zhou Xiatian continued, “Dalong, thank you.” ”

“”We’re all family, brother. From now on, we’ll call each other brothers,”Li Dalong said. ”

“”Alright.”Zhou Xiatian stood up from the sofa and continued, “If you have time, you must go to hang hang out at home. Your sister-in-law and I have something to do, so I’ll be leaving first.” ”

Sun Guixiang also stood up.

“Li Dalong said, “Brother and sister-in-law, stay and have a meal!” ”

“In just a short period of time, Li Dalong’s address of Zhou Xiatian and Sun Guixiang changed from her first uncle and first aunt to brother and sister-in-law. ”

“It was as if it was the same as before, but it was different from before. ”