Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2620: 558: very serious 5

Translator: 549690339

“Halfway through, Zhou Xiatian suddenly thought of something. “We can’t just go back like this.”” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Sun Guixiang asked curiously, “Then where are We Going?””

“To Zhou Cuihua’s Place!”Zhou Xiatian said.

“Sun Guixiang originally wanted to ask why they were going to Zhou Cuihua’s place, but she was afraid of provoking Zhou Xiatian, so she didn’t dare to ask. She just nodded and said, “Okay.””

“Half an hour later, the car stopped in front of Zhou Cuihua’s rented house.”

Zhou Xiatian did not get out of the car and just sat in the car.

“Sun guixiang reminded, “We’re here.””

Zhou Xiatian did not say anything.

Sun Guixiang reminded again.

“Zhou Xiatian continued, “I heard it.””

“Sun guixiang continued, “Then why aren’t you getting out of the car?””

Zhou Xiatian continued to remain silent.

Sun Guixiang felt a little uneasy and did not say anything else.

Let’s just wait like this.

“The two of them waited for about an hour before finally waiting for Zhou cuihua, who was dressed gorgeously, to come downstairs.”

“To be fair, Zhou Cuihua had taken good care of herself all these years. She did not look like a person who was almost 50 years old at all.”

It was precisely because she had taken good care of herself and her own condition that caused her to have the misconception that she was not inferior to others.

“Seeing Zhou Cuihua go downstairs, Zhou Xiatian immediately pushed the door open and got out of the car. She walked up to Zhou Cuihua in an imposing manner and gave her a slap before Zhou Cuihua could react.”

Slap!

It was a very loud slap.

“This slap not only stunned Zhou cuihua, but also Sun Guixiang, who was following behind her.”

She covered her mouth with both hands and looked at the scene in front of her in surprise.

“Zhou Xiatian! Are you crazy?”Zhou Cuihua didn’t even call him brother anymore. She covered her face with her right hand and said angrily.

“”You’re the one who’s Crazy!”Zhou Xiatian pointed at Zhou cuihua and said, “You’re a disgrace!””

“Zhou Xiatian was really angry! Otherwise, he wouldn’t have said these words.”

“”How am I a disgrace!”Zhou Cuihua was about to break down. “Zhou Xiatian, tell me clearly today!””

“Zhou Xiatian continued, “Tell me honestly, why did you divorce Dalong!””

“Seeing this, Sun Guixiang immediately walked forward and pulled Zhou Xiatian’s arm. “Old Zhou, Old Zhou, you drank too much!””

“After saying that, Sun Guixiang looked at Zhou cuihua again and continued, “Your brother drank too much. Don’t lower yourself to his level!””

“After saying that, Sun Guixiang pulled Zhou Xiatian towards the car.”

Zhou Cuihua was very angry. She chased after her and wanted to return the slap to Zhou Xiaxia.

She was not the kind of person who would suffer a loss!

“However, on second thought, it was not good to throw a tantrum on the street. After all, Zhou Xiaxia was still her brother. When she thought of how Zhou Xiaxia had treated her in the past, Zhou Cuihua still held back!”

Sun Guixiang pulled Zhou Xiaxia into the car and locked the car door.

“Zhou Xiatian said angrily, “Why are you pulling me out! Let me go down and I’ll beat that shameful thing to death!””

“Sun guixiang said, “Beating someone to death is against the law. Besides, are you really going to beat her to death? As the saying goes, one should not spread one’s dirty laundry around. Some things are only suitable to be said at home!””

“Speaking up to this point, sun guixiang continued, “No matter what, Cuihua is our younger sister. When people are angry, they will say anything. I don’t want you to do something that you will regret.””

“Actually, Sun Guixiang also had her own plans.”

Zhou Cuihua did have some capital. What if she really stepped on dog SH * t and became a rich family’s wife?

“When Zhou cuihua became a rich family’s wife, she would have to help her family out. If Zhou Xiatian made their relationship too awkward at this time, it would not be good for them to meet in the future.”

“Zhou Xiatian slowly calmed down and did not speak again, but her expression was very ugly.”

Sun Guixiang drove away.

She could not help but sigh in her heart. This person was indeed different from others.

Zhou Cuihua did not know how to be satisfied driving a small BMW. She was only driving a second-hand car. What was there to be happy about.

“However, when she thought about it from the other side, a person should always be content.”

“Zhou Cuihua was originally going to have a meal with boss Wang. Now that she had been slapped by Zhou Xiatian for no reason, she had no choice but to cancel the date at the last minute.”

She couldn’t possibly go on a date with boss Wang with a swollen face!

Zhou Cuihua returned to the rental house and took a disposable ice pack to apply on her face.

Zhou Xiatian’s slap was not light.

“When she applied the ice pack, Zhou Cuihua grimaced in pain.”

He was really her biological brother!

The corners of Zhou Cuihua’s mouth curled up into an icy arc. She really could do it.

“After applying the ice pack, the pain on her face disappeared quite a bit. Zhou cuihua took out her phone and sent a message to boss Wang, telling him that she had something urgent to attend to and would not go to dinner.”