Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2638: 561: such an outcome 2

Translator: 549690339

“On the other end of the phone, Feng Juan was also stunned for a moment before she continued, “I’m sorry, may I ask who you are?””

“Upon hearing Feng Juan’s voice, Zhou cuihua said angrily, “Who are you? Where’s Li Dalong? I’m looking for Li Dalong?””

“Feng Juan continued, “Oh, I know. You’re Hang Hang Hang’s mother, right? I’m Dalong’s current wife. Is Dalong not around right now? May I ask what you’re looking for him for? “If you don’t mind, you can tell me first, and I’ll pass the message on to Dalong.””

Current wife!

Zhou Cuihua’s eyes widened.

God damn that Li Dalong. He actually remarried!

Zhou Cuihua was furious.

Li Dalong actually dared to remarry. Did he still have a wife in his heart.

“”What Bullsh * t current wife! Do you know who I am? I’m the real wife of Li Dalong!”Zhou cuihua continued, “You shameless mistress...””

“”Juan ‘er, who are you talking to?”At this moment, Li Dalong appeared behind Feng Juan.”

Feng Juan held the phone and did not know how to answer for a moment.

“Li dalong continued, “Who is it?””

“On the other end of the phone, when Zhou cuihua heard Li Dalong’s voice, she became even more furious. She said angrily, “You shameless mistress, I advise you to leave our Dalong quickly! You...””

“”Zhou cuihua, that’s enough!”At this moment, Li Da Long’s voice suddenly came from the phone. “We’re already divorced. If you’re scolding someone, I’ll record the voice and leave a certificate. I’ll go to the court and Sue You!””

“Zhou Cuihua was stunned for a moment, then, she said, “Li da long, I’ve been married to you for more than 20 years. Isn’t it better to be a woman that I’ve known for a few months? You’re such a heartbreaker! If it wasn’t for me back then, who would have been willing to marry you! If it wasn’t for me staying at home to take care of my daughter, you wouldn’t be where you are today! You Chen Shi Mei!””

“Zhou Cui Hua was in tears. “Even if you don’t care about the friendship between us, you should think about hang hang. Hang Hang is our only daughter! How can you abandon your wife and daughter for a woman”

“”Let me ask you, what’s going on with our house!””

“Li dalong continued, “I’ve already sold the House.””

“That’s the house left for Hang Hang. What right do you have to sell it?”

“”Li Hang’s household registration has been moved out,”Li Dalong continued, “Oh no, it should be called Wang Hang now. “Zhou Cuihua, I knew that you would get your retribution one day, but I didn’t expect that this day would come so quickly. There’s really a God above you.””

“Although Zhou Cuihua didn’t say anything, Li Dalong could guess her current situation from her few words.”

There were only two results.

“One, Wang Zhengxuan was a fake rich man.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Two, Wang Zhengxuan abandoned Zhou cuihua.”

“Otherwise, Zhou cuihua would never come back crying, and she would never take the initiative to mention that Li Hang was his daughter.”

“If it was in the past, seeing the mother and daughter in such dire straits, Li Dalong would definitely feel sorry for them.”

But the current Li Da Long would not.

“After experiencing these things, Li da long finally saw clearly that what husband-wife relationship, father-daughter relationship were all fake.”

Li Hang had already been thoroughly taught a bad lesson by Zhou Cui Hua.

Incomparably greedy.

“For the sake of a little bit of benefit, she was actually able to abandon her biological father.”

“In the first few days, Li da long could not sleep through the night. He did not know where he was wrong, and even more so, he did not know why his daughter, who had always been in his hands, had to be like this.”

Fortunately.

“Fortunately, in these gloomy days, there was still Feng Juan.”

It was Feng Juan who gave him the hope to continue living.

“Originally, Li Dalong was going to renovate the house and then move in. Later, he thought about it and decided to sell the property in the capital.”

Because he knew that Zhou cuihua would be abandoned one day.

“If he was still in the capital and lived in his old house, Zhou Cuihua would definitely visit him shamelessly.”

“He was not afraid of Zhou Cuihua, but he was afraid of offending Feng Juan, so he discussed with Feng Juan and sold all the properties. The two of them moved to a coastal city that was spring-like all year round.”

“Not only that, the two of them also bought an inn. Under their careful management, the business of the inn was getting better and better.”

What made Li Dalong the most happy was that Feng Juan had just been diagnosed as pregnant.

A child represented a new life.

What was a new life?

A new life was hope.

“The days were getting better and better. Li Dalong was also getting happier and happier. He continued, “Zhou cuihua, a person can do nothing but not be shameless...””