Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2639: 561: such an outcome 3

Translator: 549690339

“”But you are hang hang’s father after all! Don’t you even want Hang Hang?”Zhou cuihua continued, “You only have hang hang as your daughter, and hang hang only has you as his father!” ”

“Li Hang had always been Li da Long’s biggest weakness. Zhou Cuihua did not believe that for a woman with an unknown background, Li Da Long did not even want his only bloodline. ”

Li Da Long did not say anything.

Because there was no need to say anymore.

“From the moment Li Hang made his decision, they were no longer father and daughter. ”

“Zhou Cui Hua did not hear Li da Long’s voice and immediately handed the phone to Li Hang. “Hang Hang, quickly call daddy!” ”

“Li Hang said in a dry voice, “Daddy.” ”

“Li da long continued, “I’m Not Your Daddy.” ”

“Hearing this, Li Hang finally couldn’t hold back his tears. “Dad, I’m sorry. I regret it. I shouldn’t have treated you like that back then...” ”

“”What happened in the past is already in the past.”Li Da Long’s voice sounded very calm. “Hang Hang, you’re a cultured person. You should know that there’s a saying that goes, ‘what goes around comes around.'” ”

“After saying that, Li da long directly hung up the phone. ”

Du Du du —

A busy voice came from the other side.

“Li hang covered his mouth and cried, unable to control himself. ”

“Zhou Cui Hua was so angry that she started cursing. “Li da long, this heartless man, ingrate, Chen Shi Mei! And that Vixen! They will not get their retribution!” ”

A female police officer handed Li hang a napkin. “Wipe your tears.”

Li hang took the napkin.

“Half an hour later, the mother and daughter supported each other as they left the police station. ”

They walked aimlessly.

The sky was about to turn dark.

“Li hang continued, “Let’s find a hotel first.” ”

“Okay.”Zhou cuihua nodded.

“Li Hang took out his phone and found a hotel that only cost 50 yuan a day. Then, he followed Dao hang to the hotel entrance. ”

“Standing at the entrance of the hotel, Zhou cuihua said in disbelief, “Hang Hang, is this the hotel you found?” ”

Li hang nodded.

“Although it was called a hotel, it was actually a small hotel. The location was not bad. It was in the city center, but the environment was not so good. It was a very dark and narrow basement. ”

When had Zhou Cuihua stayed in such a bad hotel?

“Once she entered the hotel room, Zhou Cuihua covered her nose and said, “How can people stay in this place! Hang Hang, let’s change to another hotel!” ”

“With so many things happening in a day, Li Hang was no longer in the mood to deal with Zhou Cuihua. He sat on the chair and did not speak. ”

“Hang Hang!”Zhou cuihua raised her voice.

“Li hang raised his eyelids and continued, “Do you want to change to another hotel?” ”

“Yes.”

“Li hang continued, “Take a look at the balance in your card first.” ”

Zhou Cuihua was stunned.

“Li hang picked up the hot water bottle and said, “I’ll go boil some water. Let’s have instant noodles for dinner.” ”

“Zhou Cuihua wanted to say something, but she did not say anything. ”

Li Hang went to boil some water.

“Zhou cuihua looked at Li Hang’s back and suddenly felt very indignant. She continued, “Just wait! Li Dalong and that B * Tch will definitely get their comeuppance!” ”

“After saying that, she took out her phone again. “Hang Hang, do you think something happened to your uncle Wang? That’s why he didn’t receive our call! Maybe he’ll come and pick us up tomorrow!” ”

Li hang did not say anything. He only felt that Zhou Cui Hua was so stupid that it was laughable.

“At this time, Zhou Cui Hua was actually still hoping that Wang Zhengxuan would come and pick her up! ”

“Zhou Cuihua was still talking to herself, “Your father is so heartless! Hang Hang, if you’re rich in the future, don’t even look at him! A man like him doesn’t deserve to be a father!” ”

“I was blind to fall for such a disgusting man!”

More than ten minutes passed while they were talking. Li hang boiled the water and brought the instant noodles to Zhou cuihua.

“Let’s eat.”

“”This is what we’re going to eat tonight?”Looking at the cheap instant noodles in front of her, Zhou Cuihua couldn’t help but think of the life of the swallow’s nest ginseng in the Wang Ting Courtyard. ”

There were people serving her three meals a day. That kind of life was called life.

What the hell was this!

“The more Zhou Cuihua thought about it, the more uncomfortable she felt. It was as if a ball of fire had accumulated in her heart. ”

“What do you want to eat?”Li hang looked at Zhou Cuihua.

“Zhou cuihua continued, “Even if we don’t eat delicacies, we still have to eat something normal. We can’t possibly not even have money for a meal, right?” ”

“Have you looked at the balance?”Li Hang repeated again.

“Zhou cuihua continued, “I really don’t have any money in my card. Could it be that you don’t have any money in your card either?” ”

“Li hang said, “When I left, I didn’t bring any money.” ”

Zhou Cui Hua instantly fell silent and lowered her head to eat her instant noodles.

“Li Hang ate a mouthful of instant noodles. “I’ll go out to look for a job tomorrow. You Go look for your Uncle Tomorrow.”Although Zhou Xia Tian had rented a house, the size of the house was large. It just so happened that there was an empty house, so it was just right for Zhou Cui Hua to live in it. ”

“Upon hearing this, Zhou Cui Hua did not feel that there was anything inappropriate about it. Although she had had many conflicts with Zhou Xia Tian previously, they were still blood-related siblings after all. Blood-related siblings were bound to have broken bones and tendons, she believed that Zhou Xiaxia would definitely stand on her side. ”

“Moreover, Zhou Xiaxia would definitely go to Li Dalong to settle the score and help her vent her anger. ”

“”Okay.”Zhou cuihua nodded and continued, “Hang Hang, I’m sorry.” ”

“No matter what, she owed Li hang an apology. ”

“If it was not for her, Li Hang would not have suffered along with her. ”

“”It’s fine,”Li Hang said. ”

“Things had already happened. Even if she said that something had happened, what could she change! ” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“In the blink of an eye, the next day arrived. ”

Zhou Cui Hua arrived at the address that Zhou Xia Tian rented. The person who opened the door was none other than Sun Guixiang.

“When she saw Sun Guixiang, Zhou Cui Hua smiled. “Sister-in-law, where’s My Brother?” ”