Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

“Chapter 2643: 570: car accident, see you one last time”

Translator: 549690339

“In order to find Xia Xiaoman’s adulterer, Zhou cuihua gave nearly 100,000 yuan to the detective agency.”

“This 100,000 yuan was not worth mentioning to Zhou Cuihua in the past.”

“But to Zhou Cuihua now, it was a huge sum of money.”

“The person-in-charge, who was wearing a black suit, sat in front of Zhou Cuihua, he then said, “Ms. Zhou, we have investigated Xia Xiaoman for two whole months and have not sent out any suspicious information. Your suspicion was born out of nothing. Our detective agency has done our duty.””

“Hearing this, Zhou Cuihua was so angry that she was about to stomp her feet, “What do you mean by I’m born out of Nothing? If she, Xia Xiaoman, didn’t do anything, would I suddenly look for you guys to investigate her? Clearly, you guys don’t have the ability to shirk responsibility! I Don’t care! If you don’t get the results of the investigation, you have to return all the money to me!””

Throwing a tantrum and acting shamelessly was professional for Zhou Cuihua. No one was better than her.

The person-in-charge of the detective income looked at Zhou Cuihua and frowned slightly. They had always been in contact with educated and civilized customers. This was the first time they had seen someone like Zhou cuihua who did not care about her image.

“”Ms. Zhou, this is a public place. Please pay attention to your image.””

“Zhou cuihua could not hear this at all. She became even more excited. “Unscrupulous detective agency, you cheated me of my hard-earned money! If you don’t give me an explanation today, I will not let this Go!””

“Return the money to me!”

“The person-in-charge looked at Zhou Cuihua and frowned slightly. In a moment, she walked into the house and made a phone call.”

“Not long after, a police siren sounded outside the door.”

Two policemen walked in.

“Soon, Zhou Cuihua and the person-in-charge walked into the police car.”

“Under the mediation of the police, the detective agency agreed to return a portion of the money.”

“When Zhou Cuihua heard that there was only 20,000 left out of 100,000, she instantly gave up. “100,000 to 20,000? No, no, no! Liar! You’re all liars! Liars!””

“The detective was afraid of Zhou Cuihua’s pestering, but where was this place?”

This was the police station! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“They had seen countless top-notch people like Zhou cuihua, so they could handle it easily.”

“Soon, Zhou Cuihua stopped making trouble and took the 20,000 yuan that the detective had compensated and walked out of the police station.”

“20,000 yuan was nothing in the bustling capital.”

But it was better than nothing.

“With this 20,000 yuan, Zhou Cuihua went to the basement hotel where she stayed the day before.”

“Li hang happened to come back from looking for a job. When he saw Zhou cuihua, she said with some doubt, “Mom, didn’t you go to Uncle’s house?””

“Zhou cuihua said, “Your uncle... said that he wanted to sever the sibling relationship with me.””

“How could this be?”Li Hangwen asked.

“Zhou cuihua shook her head. “They already have no conscience...”at this point, recalling what happened today, Zhou Cuihua could not help but cry. “Zhou Xiatian, this heartless person, I’m his only sister. How could there be such an elder brother in this world...””

“No matter what her sister did wrong, a sister was a sister, and an elder brother was an elder brother.”

“However, Zhou Xiatian completely disregarded the brotherly relationship between brother and sister!”

“Li hang hesitated for a moment before continuing, “Then what should we do? I’ve already found a job today. The company will provide food and accommodation...””

“Li Hang did not finish his sentence, but the rest of his words were self-evident.”

“The company would provide food and accommodation. In this way, Zhou cuihua would become a burden.”

Where would Zhou Cuihua go?

She couldn’t live with her in the company.

“Zhou cuihua also understood the hidden meaning of these words. She continued, “Hang Hang, you don’t have to worry about me. I can find a place to live on my own.””

“After saying that, Zhou Cuihua seemed to have thought of something. She continued, “Oh right, what kind of job did you find? is the treatment good?””

“”It’s a foreign company. The treatment is not bad,”Li hang replied.”

She was a graduate student and a graduate student at a key university. It was not difficult for her to find a good job.

“Perhaps, in the eyes of ordinary people, this was a hard-earned job, but in Li Hang’s eyes, this was a job for the lower-class people.”

But she had no choice now.

She could only endure.

No one knew how regretful she was.

“Zhou cuihua smiled and said, “My daughter is really capable! Right, how much is the salary?””

“As expected of her daughter, Zhou Cuihua. She was able to find a job in a foreign company right after graduation.”

“Li hang said, “The internship period is 15,000 yuan. After she becomes a full-time employee, it will be around 20,000 yuan.””

“Hearing that, Zhou Cuihua’s face fell. “Why is it so low?””

“One had to know that Zhou Xiaowen received an annual salary in a foreign company. Although the annual salary was not high, it was around 500,000 yuan.”