Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2647: 572: the unfairness of Fate 2

Translator: 549690339

“Mom! Mom!”

“Zhou cuihua, who was lying on the bed, did not reply.”

“Although the doctor by the side had experienced too many things like this, he was more or less moved when he saw the scene in front of him.”

“After a moment, Li Hang looked at the doctor beside him and asked, “Please, please save my mother! I Can’t lose her!””

“The doctor said, “Don’t worry about the patient’s family. We have been working hard and will not let go of any hope.””

Li Hang left the ICU in tears.

The police were standing outside the door.

“”Officer Li, have you caught the culprit?””

“Officer li said, “The driver died on the spot because your mother jaywalked and did not obey the traffic rules. Both of you have to bear a part of the responsibility for this accident.””

“At that time, there were traffic lights at the intersection. Zhou Cuihua did not look at the cars in front and behind and directly rushed out.”

“As a result, the car in front did not dodge in time and crashed into the green belt, causing a rollover and a rear-end collision.”

“Is there a misunderstanding? How could my mother directly run through the traffic lights? !”

“Officer Li continued, “The traffic police brigade has surveillance footage. If you have any doubts, you can go and check the surveillance footage.””

“After saying that, officer Li continued, “Follow me back to the station first.””

“Okay.”Li hang nodded.

Li Hang returned to the hospital once again. It was already past five o’clock in the afternoon.

She took out her phone and made a call to Li da long.

“Although Li Da Long had said a lot of harsh words to her before, to her surprise, when Li Hang called his number again, he did not blacklist her.”

“Soon, someone answered the phone.”

“Hello.”

“”Dad, it’s me,”Li Hang said.”

“What’s Wrong?”Li Da Long asked.

“Li hang cried and said, “Dad, my mom was in a car accident and is now in the ICU. The Doctor said that her life is in danger at any moment. What should I do? Dad!””

“No matter what, Li Da Long was her hired father and Zhou Cuihua’s husband.”

She didn’t believe that Li Dalong could just sit by and do nothing when Zhou Cuihua was in a car accident.

“How could this be?”Li Dalong was very surprised.

“After all, Zhou Cuihua had talked to him a few days ago, even though the conversation wasn’t very pleasant.”

“”I don’t know either. Dad, can you come over quickly? Mom and I Need You...”Li Hang’s voice was almost hoarse.”

“After all, Li Dalong was a father. When he heard such a voice, it would be a lie to say that he was not moved at all.”

“”Hang Hang, don’t be anxious. Calm down first...””

“When he heard this, Li Hang’s eyes flashed. She had thought that Zhou Cuihua’s car accident was the beginning of the darkness. She did not expect that there would be another bright future.”

Great!

“Feng Juan was in the room. When she heard that something was wrong, she frowned slightly.”

“From the sound, it sounded like Li Hang was calling.”

Zhou Cuihua was in a car accident?

“From the first time Feng Juan visited the Li family, she knew that Li Hang was not someone who was easy to deal with. Otherwise, Li Dalong would not have abandoned his child for Li Hang.”

“If Li Dalong and Zhou Cuihua and her daughter were to get back together at this time, then their future lives would definitely be in a mess.”

“Moreover, from the sounds of their conversation, Zhou Cuihua seemed to be dying!”

“If Zhou Cuihua died, Li Hang would definitely take this opportunity to follow them and ask Li Dalong to forgive her.”

No.

Feng Juan secretly clenched her fists.

“Her relationship with Li Dalong was very good. If there was one more person suddenly, the future would definitely be chaotic.”

“According to Li Da Long’s thoughts, he would definitely give half of the assets to Li Hang.”

She had to stop such a thing from happening now.

“Feng Juan closed her eyes and made up her mind. She stretched out two fingers and stuffed them into her mouth, pressing on the depths of her throat.”

“Urgh...”

She directly vomited.

“Then, as she vomited, she opened the door and ran in the direction of the bathroom.”

“The commotion was very loud, causing even Li Da Long, who was on the phone with Li Hang, to look over.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“”Juan ‘er, are you alright?””

“Feng Juan lay on the toilet and vomited until her face was pale, but she still said, “I’m, I’m Fine!””

“Li Da Long said to the other end of the phone, “Hang Hang, I Won’t talk to you for now.”After saying that, he directly hung up the phone and ran in the direction of the bathroom.”

“On the other side, Li Hang looked at the phone that had been hung up and frowned slightly.”

She had long known that Feng Juan didn’t seem to be someone who would keep to herself!

As expected!

On the other side.

“Li Da Long ran to the bathroom and patted Feng Juan’s back as he said, “Juan ‘er, are you alright? Why are you vomiting so badly!””