Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2651: 572: Being a new person 3

Translator: 549690339

What was going on!

Sun Guixiang was very anxious when she saw Zhou Xiatian like this. What exactly happened to make Zhou Xiatian show such an expression.

“”What, what happened?”At this moment, Sun Guixiang was also very anxious. ”

“Zhou Xiatian’s eyes instantly turned red. “Cui, Cuihua, Cuihua are gone.” ”

“When she said the last sentence, Zhou Xia Tian broke down and burst into tears. ”

How could such a person disappear just like that!

Sun Guixiang was also stunned. “What do you mean by Gone? How did it disappear? What exactly is going on?”

“Zhou Xia Tian choked with sobs and said, “Hang hang just called and said that it was a car accident. He’s already at the funeral home and wants us to go over immediately.” ”

“”What, What’s going on? ! Is He joking with you? ! He was fine a few days ago. How can he just disappear like that?”Sun Guixiang was also in disbelief. ”

“”I can hear it. Hang Hang Hang isn’t joking,”Zhou Xiatian said. ”

Sun Guixiang swallowed her throat. She couldn’t react for a long time.

She was in disbelief and also a little glad.

“She was glad that when Zhou cuihua came to look for them, she did not put her foot down. She even persuaded Zhou Xiaxia to let Zhou Xiaxia forget about it. ”

It was Zhou Xiaxia who was determined not to let Zhou Cuihua’s younger sister.

“If she had not said a word back then, Zhou Xiaxia would definitely blame her now. ”

Lucky.

Lucky!

“Sun guixiang continued, “Xiaxia, can you confirm that the call just now was from Hanghang? There are so many scammers nowadays. Don’t be fooled!” ”

“As she said that, Sun Guixiang took out her hand. “No, I have to make a call to ask.” ”

Sun Guixiang dialed Li Hang’s number.

“Very soon, Li Hang picked up the call. ”

“Hello.”

“Sun guixiang immediately said, “Is it hang hang?” ”

“Yes.”Li Hang’s voice sounded weak. One look and it was obvious that he had experienced a huge wave.

Sun Guixiang’s heart skipped a beat. It looked like something really happened to Zhou cuihua!

“Sun guixiang immediately said, “Hang Hang, good child. Don’t be anxious now. Your uncle and I will come over right away.” ”

“At this moment, when he heard his aunt’s voice, Li hang immediately cried out, “Aunt...” ”

“”Good child, don’t cry.”Sun Guixiang’s voice was also a little choked up. “We will be there right away.” ”

“No matter what happened between adults, a child was still a child. ”

“Moreover, Zhou Cuihua was already dead. ”

“Li Hang had no relatives in this world. She was still a child in her twenties. At this moment, she was definitely alone and helpless. ”

Sun Guixiang was not the kind of person with a heart of stone.

“After hanging up the phone, Sun Guixiang wiped her tears. “I’ll go pack my clothes. Call Xiao Wen and ask him to book two tickets to Wuling City. Then, if his unit has time, ask him to take a leave of absence in the end.” ”

“Looking at Sun Guixiang like this, Zhou Xiatian was stunned. ”

It seemed that he had misunderstood Sun Guixiang all along.

“What are you waiting for? Hurry up and Go!”Sun Guixiang said.

Zhou Xiatian immediately nodded.

“Very soon, the family of three boarded the plane to Wuling City. ”

The plane was very fast.

It arrived in two hours.

“And after the three of them left the airport, they went straight to the funeral parlor. ”

Li Hang sat at the entrance of the funeral parlor in a daze.

“The funeral parlor was originally a place filled with death and sadness. Just by sitting there, she seemed to have an endless aura of death. ”

“When Zhou Xiatian saw this, her heart ached. “Hang Hang!” ”

Sun Guixiang was also shocked.

It had only been a few days!

Li Hang had actually become like this.

“Hang Hang!”

The husband and wife hugged Li hang like this.

“Li Hang, who had finally seen his loved ones, instantly cried out. ”

This was a subconscious action.

“After his mother died, she had been busy all by herself. ”

“At this time, she really hoped that she could have a family member to stand behind her. ”

“Actually, through this matter, she had also seen many things clearly. ”

The most important thing in life was to live.

It was good to live.

Then there was family love.

“A person could have nothing, but they could not have no family, they could not have no love. ”

“In the past, she was proud and arrogant. For the sake of power and money, she could give up everything. ”

“Little did she know, those were just fleeting moments. ”

“In the future, she would cherish what she had now. ”

“”Uncle, aunt!” ”

“”Good child, uncle and aunt are here. It’s okay now.”Sun Guixiang kept comforting Li Hang. ”

Li hang cried so hard that he couldn’t help himself.

“Zhou Xiaowen, who was watching from the side, also felt a little uncomfortable. ”

“After Zhou Xiatian came, Li hang immediately found his backbone. She only needed to listen to Zhou Xiatian on everything. ”

“Three days later, Zhou Cuihua’s ashes were transported back to her hometown and buried in the cemetery of her hometown. ”

“In the end, Li Dalong did not come to the funeral. ”

“The reason was that Feng Juan was pregnant. If he came to the funeral, he would pass the yin energy to Feng Juan. It would not be good for the fetus. ”

“After Sun Guixiang learned about this, she could not help but curse, “This Li Dalong is really not a good person. He has already left, but he still refused to come and send off the final journey! To think that I was still on his side back then.” ” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Li Hang was dressed in white mourning clothes. His face was thin, and there was no longer any arrogance in his eyes. “Actually, it’s not all dad’s fault.” ”

“Zhou Xiatian looked at Li Hang. “Hang Hang, your mother has left, but your uncle and aunt are still here. From now on, you will live with us. Your aunt and I will be your parents.” ”

“Sun Guixiang immediately nodded. “Your uncle is right. Hang Hang, from now on, you will move back home.” ”

“As long as Li Hang was a boy, Sun Guixiang would not say this. ”

But Li Hang was a girl. The girl was from China Merchants Bank. She would not lose anything if she raised Li Hang.