Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

“Chapter 2653: 573: New Life, New Start 2”

Translator: 549690339

“No matter what happened to them in the past, the dead were the most important! Now that Zhou Cui Hua was gone, Li Da Long, as her ex-husband, should step in! ”

Zhou Xia Tian also sighed. “The blame is on Cui Hua herself!”

“Even his own brother could not face the former Zhou Cui Hua, let alone Li da long, her ex-husband. ”

“”Although that’s what you said, the dead are still the most important! What happened in the past is already in the past, and Hang Hang is still his biological daughter! What do you think hang hang would have done if it wasn’t for us?” ”

“Although Sun Guixiang had always felt that Zhou Cuihua didn’t do things properly, this time, Sun Guixiang was on Zhou Cuihua’s side. ”

Li Dalong had done things too ruthlessly!

“At this moment, Sun Guixiang seemed to have thought of something and continued, “By the way, I heard that Li Dalong’s current wife is called Feng Juan, do you know that?” ”

“”Feng Juan?”Zhou Xiatian was stunned for a moment before continuing, “Why do I feel that this name is a little familiar...” ”

“Sun guixiang smiled and said, “That’s right, it’s the ex-wife of that old BI from your unit.” ”

“Old BI’s ex-wife?”Zhou Xiatian asked in surprise.

“Old Bi’s full name was Bi Zhongyuan, and he was Zhou Xiatian’s former colleague. He was a very ordinary person in the unit. No one knew that he had actually abused his wife at home. The most serious time was when he had beaten his wife half to death. ”

“His wife also came to her senses at this time. She resolutely collected evidence, took up legal weapons to protect herself, and let Old Bi leave the house with nothing! ”

“After the divorce, Old Bi drank heavily all day and did not go to work anymore. Later on, Zhou Xiatian heard that old bi fell into the river because he was drunk. When the sanitation worker who was cleaning up the garbage on the river found out.., his entire body was already swollen. ”

“”Right,”sun guixiang said, “I also heard it from Old Zhang’s wife.” ”

“Hearing that, Zhou Xiatian asked curiously, “How did old Zhang’s wife find out?” ”

“Sun guixiang said, “Old BI’s ex-wife, Feng Juan, is good friends with old Zhang’s wife. I also heard that Feng Juan is pregnant now. I heard that they’re twins.” ”

“At this point.., sun guixiang continued, “The human heart is really hard to fathom. Back then, Li Da Long was so good to hang hang. He gave hang hang whatever he wanted. Now that he has a new wife and a new child, he doesn’t even bother with hang hang!” ”

“Hearing that, Zhou Xia Tian sighed. “Is this information reliable?” ”

“How is it not reliable? Old Zhang’s wife told me personally!”Sun Guixiang said.

“After saying that, sun guixiang continued, “Besides, I’ve been married to you for so many years. Am I the kind of person who would randomly make up stories about others?” ”

That was true.

“Sun Guixiang had some cultural heritage. Although she was very common in the streets, she would never make something out of nothing. ”

“Zhou Xiatian said, “I don’t blame him for getting married. I also don’t blame him for having a child with someone else. After all, that’s his own life. Many things have a cause and effect. This is inevitable. “But he shouldn’t have not even shown himself at Cui Hua’s memorial. No matter what, Hang Hang is his biological flesh and blood.” ”

“Speaking up to this point, Zhou Xiatian waved her hand and continued, “Forget it, forget it. Let these things pass! Don’t mention it in front of hang hang in the future!” ”

“”I know.”Sun guixiang nodded and continued, “Have you noticed? After experiencing this incident, Hang Hang’s child has grown up a lot and is much more sensible than before.” ”

Some things could be observed with the naked eye.

Li hang had changed too much from the past!

“Zhou Xiatian said, “It’s great to be able to correct mistakes. Hang Hang, this child, will have a bright future!” ”

“Li Hang was a very outstanding person. Now that he had put his mind on the right path, he would definitely have a bright future. ”

“I think so too.”Sun Guixiang nodded in agreement.

On the other side.

An Lizi received Li Hang’s wechat message.

Li Hang had asked her to meet him at the Coffee Shop at two o’clock tomorrow afternoon.

“An Lizi did not like Li hang at all, especially when she knew that Zhou Cuihua had also asked a private detective to investigate Xia Xiaoman. ”

“However, since Li Hang had taken the initiative to bring up this matter, if she didn’t go, it would seem too petty. ” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

An Lizi resolutely went to the appointment.

“Although the appointment was at 12 pm, when an Lizi arrived at 11:40 pm, Li Hang had already arrived. ”

“For some reason, an Lizi looked over and felt that something had changed on Li Hang’s body. ”

“He had become a little strange. He had lost a lot of his sharpness, and his face was a little pale. There was even a sense of weakness. ”