Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

“Chapter 272: 099: the handsome searing, Zhao’s parents know the truth”

Translator: 549690339

“After fastening his seatbelt, ye Zao turned to look at the coach. “Are You Ready?” ”

“”Go ahead, I’ll tell you again. This is the accelerator, this is the brake! Don’t step on the wrong pedal!” ”

“Ye Zao curled his lips slightly. “Don’t worry, there’s no mistake.” ”

“After saying that, Ye Zao started the engine. ”

Boom —

“Before the coach could react, the car had already flown out! ”

It was extremely fast.

But it had accurately avoided every car on the s-bend!

Whether it was a big bend or a small bend!

“Not only did she not slow down, but she was even faster! ”

“Looking from afar, she could only see an afterimage. ”

Drift!

Jump and slide!

These thrilling and exciting scenes could only be seen on the racing track normally.

This driving skill!

The other coaches present were stunned and their blood boiled!

“Amazing! Really Amazing! I didn’t expect that our driving school had a racer!”

“In the crowd, some people even whistled. ”

“Seeing this scene, the other students were not in the mood to practice driving and got out of the cars one by one. ”

“One student could not help but exclaim, “This is so cool! When will I be able to practice to this level?” ”

The coach beside him glanced at him. “You? In your next life.”

The Student:”...”

“”Holy shit! There’s a continuous curve ahead, and he’s not slowing down!” ”

“Will he crash?”

“Under normal circumstances, even a professional racer wouldn’t dare to rush around in a continuous curve like this. ”

“Oh my God! He’s actually speeding up again!”

“He doesn’t want to live anymore!”

Everyone’s hearts started to race as well.

The next second.

The car smoothly passed through the straight curve!

“F * ck! Awesome!”

The commotion here even attracted the principal of the driving school. The principal thought that he was seeing things. He took off his glasses and pinched the bridge of his nose. “Whose car is this?”

Why didn’t he know that there was such a talent in the driving school?

“In the crowd, someone recognized this car. “This seems to be Old Wu’s car, right?” ”

“Old Wu?”The principal put on his glasses again. “Old Wu is that good?”

The others were also shocked.

“Who would have thought that coach Wu, who usually looked very ordinary, would be so good ”

“Old Wu is hiding his abilities!”

“”I didn’t expect Old Wu’s driving skills to be so good! See, he’s getting faster and faster!” ”

“Oh my God! What happened to Wu today! Why did he suddenly become so good?”

Not to mention the other coaches.

“Even coach Wu, who was in the car, was dumbfounded. ”

He didn’t expect ye Zhuo’s driving skills to be so good!

In less than two minutes.

Ye Zhuo ran the s corner twice.

Chi —

“Three minutes later, a beautiful tail swing stopped steadily on the road. ”

Coach Wu’s face turned pale.

He had been a coach for so many years.

This was the first time he had met such an amazing student. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“”Coach, are you okay?” ”

Coach Wu smoothed his hair that had been messed up by the wind. “I’m fine.”

“Old Wu! You’re so amazing!”

“”D * MN! Old Wu, I can’t tell usually!” ”

“At this moment, a group of coaches surrounded the car. ”

“When they saw coach Wu sitting in the passenger seat, everyone’s expression changed. ”

Could it be...

That the person driving just now wasn’t coach Wu?

But wasn’t the little girl in the driver’s seat a little too young?

How could such a young girl be so powerful?

It was impossible.

“Amidst everyone’s confusion, coach Wu slowly said, “The person driving just now wasn’t me.” ”

“”If it wasn’t you, then who was it?” ”

“Hearing that, everyone was stunned. ”

Could there be a third person in the car?

“Coach Wu tilted his head and looked at ye Zao. “It’s my new student, Ye Zao.” ”

F * ck!

The surroundings instantly fell silent.

A moment later.

“Someone laughed softly. “Old Wu, don’t joke with us anymore.” ”

“That’s right! This joke isn’t funny at all!”

“Coach Wu said very seriously, “I’m not joking with you. Look at me. Do I look like someone who just drove?”In fact, he was also quite frightened just now. ”

“Hearing that, everyone carefully looked at coach Wu. ”

Because the speed of the car just now was too fast.

His hair was also messed up.

There was not even a hint of blood on his face.

He was in a very sorry state.

He did not look like he had just driven a car.

“On the other hand, Ye Zao, who was in the driver’s seat, had always looked calm and collected. ”

Could it be...

That the person who had just driven the car was really ye Zao?

Wasn’t this too terrifying?

How Old was she?

“”Young lady, is the person who just drove the car really you?” ”

“Yes.”Ye Zao nodded slightly.

“Amazing!”That person gave him a thumbs up. “Really amazing!”

“Another person asked, “Little girl, why did you come to our driving school?” ”