Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 325: 105: obtain the highest honor! 6

Translator: 549690339

Curing cancer was a matter that shocked the entire world!

“It was also a matter that benefited the entire human race. Therefore, the international medical community gave ye Zao the highest level of commendation! ”

“Originally, they wanted to hold a commendation ceremony for ye Zao. ”

“However, Ye Zao was too low-key and did not want to show his face at all. Therefore, they could only entrust them to send the trophy and the prize money over. ” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Ye Zao took the things that Gu dening handed over with both hands and said, “Thank you.” ”

“Gu dening smiled and said, “Miss Ye, we should be the ones thanking you.” ”

“Director Zhou took out another check and said, “Miss Ye, this is a small token from our hospital. It’s you who made us great! Please accept it!”It was ye Zao who pushed the first People’s Hospital to a new height! ”

“Now, the entire country and even the entire world knew about the first People’s Hospital of Yun Jing City! ”

The first People’s Hospital had changed from a grade-3 B hospital to the highest grade-3 a hospital!

“Regardless of whether it was a doctor or a nurse, their status had risen along with the tide! ”

And all of this was due to Ye Zhuo.

“If it wasn’t for Ye Zhuo, their hospital wouldn’t have what it was today. ”

“At the moment, they had already agreed to build a bronze statue of Miracle Doctor Ye in ye Zao’s image and place it in front of the hospital’s main entrance! ”

“Ye Zao rejected director Zhou’s check. “Director Zhou, I appreciate your kindness, but I can’t accept this sum of money from your hospital!” ”

“Director Zhou said, “Miss Ye, you deserve it.” ”

“Ye Zao pointed at the trophy and the prize money on the table and said, “That’s What I deserve. A Man’s heart is not enough, and a snake will swallow an elephant. I really can’t take this money anymore!” ”

“Director Zhou directly placed the check on the coffee table and said, “Miss Ye, our hospital can only do so much for you. You must accept this money. Otherwise, doctor Gu and I will not leave today!” ”

“Seeing that he could not refuse, ye Zhuo said, “Then how about this, director Zhou, please help me donate this money to the patients in need in the hospital!” ”

“Although China was now a developed country, there were still a lot of people who went bankrupt for treatment! ”

Director Zhou could see many people who gave up treatment for money every day. “Then I’ll thank Miss Ye on behalf of the patients’families.”

“You’re welcome.”

“Walking out of the Ye family home, director Zhou sighed, “Dr. Gu, Miss Ye is really an extraordinary woman!” ”

Gu dening nodded. “That’s right!”

Gu dening had never seen a girl like Ye Zhuo.

“She was only 18 or 19 years old, but she was so amazing! ”

It was said that the water was overflowing and the Moon was full.

“However, there was not a hint of impetuousness on ye Zhuo. ”

“Even though she had become the first person in the world to cure cancer, she was still as low-key as before. ”

“The fame, money, and glory that ordinary people pursued were not worth mentioning in front of her. ”

She did not even bother to look at them.

Gu dening had never been so impressed by anyone before.

Ye Zao was the first!

“Just as the two of them reached the parking spot in the neighborhood, they saw a man standing there. Seeing the two of them walking over, he hurriedly said, “Hello, are you the owners of this cloud P21589 car?” ”

“The car belonged to Gu Dening. Gu dening nodded and said, “It’s my car.” ”

“The man said a little embarrassedly, “My surname is Ye, and this is my business card. I accidentally scratched your car when I parked just now. If there are any expenses later, you can contact me.” ”

Gu dening looked at the business card.

Ye Sen.

The general manager of Shengdong Express delivery.

She seemed to have heard ye Zao mention that her uncle was a courier.

Could it be that this was ye Zao’s uncle?

“Are You Miss Ye’s uncle?”Gu dening asked tentatively.

“”Are you talking about my eldest niece, ye Zao?” ”

“Gu dening nodded hurriedly. “Hello, Uncle Ye. My name is Gu Dening, and Miss Ye is my life coach.” ”

“Director Zhou also hurriedly shook hands with ye Sen. “Hello, Uncle Ye. My name is Zhou Gang, and I’m the Director of the first People’s Hospital. Miss ye is an important person in our hospital! Next time you come to our hospital, we’ll definitely open the VIP channel for You!” ”

“Ye Sen was a little confused. Even after director Zhou and Gu Dening drove away, he was still standing in the wind in a mess. ”

His eldest niece was really amazing.

She could even subdue the director and doctors!

“He remembered that the first People’s Hospital of Yunjing City had just been on the trending searches not long ago and had become a god in one battle. Currently, it had been upgraded to the only tertiary grade a hospital in Yunjing City. ”

Ye Sen quickly walked home and saw a bowl-sized trophy on the coffee table.

It was golden!