Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 327: 107: it’s actually ye Zhuo! Confession! 1

Translator: 549690339

“Hearing this, Mu Yourong lowered her head to look at her watch. “I’ll only wait until 10:30. I Won’t wait until it’s past 10:30.” ”

“She had the plan to move forward in her hands, so she had to make a proper posture! ”

They had agreed that 10:30 would be 10:30. She couldn’t just come knocking on her door like that.

“After all, it was ZY who was begging her to cooperate, not her who was begging ZY! ”

“Zhao yang smiled and said, “Don’t worry, our CEO ye is a person with a good sense of time. Since we agreed that it would be 10:30 pm, she will definitely arrive on time.” ”

Ye Zhuo had already arrived.

“However, there was a problem in the program department. ”

“The headquarters’internal network had been hacked by an international hacker, and the data was in a mess. More than a dozen programmers had worked overtime for a few days, but they still couldn’t solve this problem. After ye Zhuo heard about this matter, he decided to try it out personally. ”

At the program department.

“The secretary brought ye Zhuo over. “Brother Li, brother Liu, this is the boss’relative, Miss Ye. Miss ye is especially talented in computer science. Tell her about the problem.” ”

“In order to hear more different voices, ye Zhuo had already instructed Zhao Yang not to expose her identity in front of everyone. ”

“Therefore, in the entire company, other than Zhao Yang and his secretary, no one knew ye Zao’s real identity. ”

“The people who were called brother Li and brother Liu were at a loss on the computer screen. When they heard this sentence, they were like people who had fallen into the water and grabbed the last straw. They quickly looked up. ”

“When they saw ye Zao, the light in their eyes dimmed again. ”

This little girl was pretty.

But she was too young!

She was eighteen years old? Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

She probably hadn’t gone to university yet?

How much did a high school student know about computers?

“At this moment, in the eyes of the two of them, Ye Zhuo was no different from a troublemaker. ”

“They were already busy enough to begin with, and now they had to entertain the troublemaker. ”

“However, she was, after all, a relative of the boss’s family. They had to give her face. Otherwise, what if the boss blamed them? ”

“One of the bespectacled boys hurriedly stood up and said, “Hello, Miss Ye. I’m Li Hua, the backend engineer. This is DBA Liu Qiang.” ”

Ye Zhuo nodded slightly. “Hello.”

Liu Qiang quickly told ye Zhuo about the difficult problem they had encountered.

“Hearing that, Ye Zhuo raised her eyebrows slightly. “Let me try.” ”

Liu Qiang and Li Hua cooperated and gave up their seats for ye Zhuo.

“The secretary reminded, “Miss Ye, why don’t you try again later? There are only twenty minutes left until ten thirty.” ”

What could twenty minutes do?

Mu Yourong was still waiting upstairs!

“The Secretary knew how important this collaboration was, so she could not let mu yourong wait anxiously. ”

“Ye Zao smiled and said, “There’s no need for twenty minutes. Ten minutes will do.” ”

She said it so simply that Liu Qiang and Li Hua did not know what expression they should use.

10 minutes?

“They had been working on a problem that they had not been able to solve for the past few days, yet she was able to solve it in just 10 minutes? ”

This was too good at bragging!

Were all the boss’s relatives so arrogant?

Ye Zao sat in front of the computer with an indifferent expression on his face. His hands pressed on the keyboard and typed rapidly. The speed of his hands was so fast that only a white afterimage could be seen.

Fast!

Too Fast!

The air was filled with the sound of the keyboard.

Pitter-patter —

The code data on the computer kept changing along with it. It was dazzling to the eyes.

“However, ye Zao’s face was still as calm as the clouds and the wind. ”

“Once an expert made a move, one would know whether it was true or not. ”

“Liu Qiang and Li Hua, who were standing behind ye Zao, were stunned! ”

Strong!

He was really too strong!

“They had thought that ye Zao was bragging, but they did not expect him to have real skills. ”

“Those who knew the industry would look at the door, while those who did not know the industry would watch the show. Although the secretary could not understand the code, he could tell from the looks on Li Hua and Liu Qiang’s faces that ye Zao was a professional! ”

And he was a very powerful one!

10:18 pm.

Only eight minutes had passed when ye Zao stopped moving and looked up at Li Hua and Liu Qiang. “It’s almost done. Come and take a look.”

“Li Hua and Liu Qiang quickly walked over and sat in front of the computer. Half a minute later, the two of them looked up at each other and saw the surprise in each other’s eyes! ”

There were really no more problems!

“Ye Zhuo continued, “Are there any other problems? If there are no other problems, I’ll go up first.” ”

“”No, no more problems.”Liu Qiang stuttered. ”

“Ye Zhuo nodded slightly, “I wrote a script on this main computer. If you encounter any problems next time, just open the script and you can handle it!”! “If you have any other problems, you can call me. I left my contact information on the computer.” ”