Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 329: 107: it’s actually ye Zao! Confession! 3

Translator: 549690339

After so many days!

He finally saw ye Zao Make a fool of himself!

“But right at this moment, not only did Zhao Yang Not Chase ye Zao away, he even whispered a few words into her ear before the two of them walked into the house together. ”

“Moreover, their attitude was very reserved. ”

What was going on?

“Mu Yourong frowned. Could it be that without CEO Ye’s permission, Zhao Yang did not dare to Chase Ye Zao Away? ”

“At this moment, the two of them had already walked into the room. ”

“Mu Yourong’s face was cold. “CEO Zhao, didn’t I already tell you? If you want me to continue working with you, then this unrated streamer miss, please immediately disappear from my sight!” ”

“Zhao yang smiled and said, “Miss Mu, you’ve misunderstood. This is the founder of ZY, CEO Ye.” ”

Boom!

Something exploded in Mu Yourong’s mind.

Mu Yourong’s face instantly paled.

CEO Ye?

What did Zhao Yang just call ye Zao?

CEO Ye!

“Ye Zao was Zy’s founder, CEO Ye! ”

What the hell was going on?

How could ye Zao Be Zy’s founder?

Impossible!

This was impossible!

“She was a reincarnated person with a system, yet she couldn’t even start her own company. ”

Ye Zhuo was just an idiot!

What right did she have?

“Mu Yourong raised her head to look at Zhao Yang and pretended to be calm as she said, “Director Zhao, stop joking! How can she be the founder of your company with such a person!” ”

She was joking.

This must be Zhao Yang joking with her.

This was not real!

“Zhao yang frowned and said very seriously, “Miss Mu, I’m not joking with you! Director ye is the founder of Zy!” ”

Shua!

Mu Yourong’s face instantly turned pale.

How could this be?

Mu Yourong never would have dreamed that ye Zhuo was ZY’s founder!

And she never would have thought that the person she wanted to please was actually ye Zhuo!

“Ye Zhuo raised his eyes to look at Zhao Yang, his brows still looking the same. “This is Miss Mu?” ”

“”Yes.”Zhao Yang handed the proposal over. “CEO Ye, this is Miss Mu’s proposal. Please take a look.” ”

“Ye Zhuo took the proposal and casually flipped through two pages. “A tiger’s head, Snake’s tail, a heavenly stallion’s imagination, unrealistic! How can this be called an excellent proposal that has never been done before or since?” ” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Her voice was very faint, but it was extremely imposing. Zhao Yang immediately broke out in cold sweat. ”

This proposal might be very excellent in the eyes of others!

“But in ye Zhuo’s eyes, it was just a few pieces of useless waste paper. ”

“After all, the system on Mu Yourong’s body was created by ye Zao himself. ”

The plan the system gave Mu Yourong was all left over from ye Zao’s playing years ago.

“Mu Yourong stood rooted to the ground, her face alternated between green and white, her hands clenched into fists. ”

She felt like a clown jumping around!

She had made ample preparations to win the favor of ZY’s founder.

She had not expected ZY’s founder to be ye Zao!

“This time, not only did she not get anything, she was even ruthlessly humiliated by ye Zao! ”

“In her past life and present life, other than the incident with song Shiyu, when had Mu Yourong ever suffered such an insult! ”

“Ye Zao placed the proposal on the table. “I don’t have time to waste on these few pieces of waste paper. ZY will never cooperate with the MU group. Brother Zhao, send the guest out!” ”

“Zhao Yang immediately did as he was told. “Miss Mu, please!” ”

Mu Yourong raised her head and looked at Ye Zao with an extremely ugly expression.

Ye Zao!

Little B * Tch!

Just you wait!

“One day, she would make ye Zao pay the price! ”

Mu Yourong turned around and left in anger.

“”Miss Mu, wait!” ”

“At this moment, Zhao Yang suddenly chased after her. ”

What was Zhao Yang doing here?

Could it be that ye Zao was not CEO Ye at all and the real CEO ye had already returned?

Mu Yourong’s eyes flashed with surprise.

She knew that Ye Zao was not the founder of Zy.

“Mu Yourong had just stopped when Zhao Yang stuffed a document into Mu Yourong’s hands. “Miss Mu, I forgot to take your proposal.” ”

Mu Yourong bit her lip and held the proposal tightly in her hands. Her eyes were filled with humiliation and she wished that she could strangle ye Zao to death!

In the meeting room.

“Zhao Yang looked at ye Zao. “Director Ye, I’ve seen Miss Mu’s proposal. I feel that it might not be as bad as you say.” ”

“Ye Zao did not explain. He turned on the computer in front of the meeting table and typed on the keyboard for a while. Then, he connected to the big screen behind him. “Brother Zhao, raise your head.” ”

“Zhao Yang raised his head, his eyes filled with surprise. ”

The big screen showed nothing else. It was the central point of Mu Yourong’s document.

Zhao Yang did not expect that ye Zao would memorize the contents of the entire plan in just a few quick glances.