Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 330: 107: it’s actually ye Zao! Confession! 4

Translator: 549690339

“Ye Zao continued, “This plan seems to be tailor-made for our ZY, but it’s actually not. Look here, here, and here. After careful analysis, it’s not difficult to see that there are loopholes in all of them! “It may bring our company temporary benefits, but that’s only temporary! “If you want to create a classic and leave a deep impression in history, you have to stand tall and look far ahead!” ”

Even though the system’s plan was left over from her years of playing.

“But Zhao Yang had not experienced that era after all, and Zhao Yang was not her. ”

“Therefore, Ye Zhuo could understand Zhao Yang. ”

“Not to mention Zhao Yang, even if ten people saw it, they would think that it was an excellent plan. ”

“After a long while, Zhao Yang finally understood. “CEO Ye, I understand! I was too anxious just now!” ”

He thanked Ye Zhuo for teaching him another lesson. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Zhao Yang was a returned overseas student.

“In the past, he always thought that his professional knowledge was rich enough. It was only after meeting ye Zhuo that he realized what it meant to say that there was always someone better than him. ”

Compared to Ye Zhuo.

He was just a fledgling kid.

Ye Zao had taught him a lot of knowledge that he could not learn from textbooks.

“Currently, he was also growing day by day. ”

Ye Zao was his music and also his life mentor.

“”There is a process of adaptation to everything. Once you see more, you will naturally understand in the future.”In fact, Zhao Yang was very talented in business, but he lacked some practical experience. ”

“Zhao yang continued, “Right, CEO Ye, the financial statements for the new quarter have already been released. Would you like to take a look at them?” ”

Ye Zhuo nodded slightly.

“Finance was a company’s lifeblood. If someone tampered with its finances, they could take over the entire company. ”

“Therefore, Ye Zhuo paid special attention to financial matters. ”

...

Mu residence.

“Soldier Mu was sitting in the living room, waiting for Mu Yourong’s good news. ”

“At this moment, the sound of a bicycle engine could be heard from outside the door. Soldier Mu hurriedly stood up and went out to welcome her. ”

“As expected, Mu Yourong had returned! ”

“Yourong!”

“Compared to soldier Mu’s beaming face, Mu Yourong’s expression was extremely ugly. “Dad.” ”

“Seeing Mu Yourong like this, soldier Mu’s heart thumped. “Yourong, what’s wrong with you? Could it be that the cooperation hasn’t been agreed upon?” ”

Mu Yourong’s proposal was so excellent that ZY had no reason to look down on it!

Just what was going on?

Mu Yourong nodded. “Yes.”

Soldier Mu’s face instantly turned pale. “Why?”

“ZY’s founder had some matters to attend to overseas and won’t be able to return to the country for a short period of time. I sent the proposal to his email. The proposal he mentioned isn’t suitable for their company.”Mu Yourong did not want to mention ye Zao.

If soldier Mu knew that Zy’s founder was ye Zao...

Then where would she put her face?

“Could it be that she, a true daughter with a noble bloodline, was inferior to a fake daughter who had taken over the magpie’s nest? ”

No!

She could not just be trampled under ye Zao’s feet like this.

Ye Zao should be the stepping stone for her!

Soldier Mu’s face instantly fell. “Then what do we do now? Zy isn’t willing to cooperate with us. Are We just going to watch our family’s company go bankrupt?”

“Mu Yourong narrowed her eyes. “Dad, don’t be anxious. I’ll think of something.” ”

Soldier Mu Sighed.

“At this moment, soldier Mu seemed to have suddenly thought of something. “Yourong, don’t you know song Shiyu? Last time, he invited you to attend Old Madam Song’s banquet. How about...” ”

Song Shiyu rarely showed his face in the circle.

He was twenty-nine years old and had yet to settle down.

Mu Yourong was the first member of the opposite sex that song Shiyu had personally invited.

This meant that song Shiyu treated mu yourong differently.

Looking for song Shiyu?

Mu Yourong frowned slightly. Wasn’t looking for song Shiyu the same as seeking death?

“However, soldier Mu’s words reminded her. ”

“Other than song Shiyu, she could also look for Li Qiandong! ”

She had been too anxious just now and had forgotten about Li Qiandong as a stepping stone.

“Li Qiandong had shown her that he was his bosom friend, so he would definitely not leave her in the lurch. ”

“Thinking of this, Mu Yourong raised a smile. “Father, I can go find young master Li!” ”

“Young Master Li?”Soldier Mu asked in puzzlement. “Which young master Li?”

“Mu yourong continued, “It’s young master Li from the capital.” ”

“Soldier Mu widened his eyes in disbelief. “Yourong, you’re talking about young master Li, who is by fifth Master Cen’s side?” ”

“”Yes, that’s him.”Mu Yourong nodded. ”

Soldier Mu had long heard from Mu Yourong that she would marry fifth master Cen.

“After so much time had passed, soldier Mu still thought that there was no hope for this matter. ”

Who would have thought!

Mu Yourong had actually made Li Qiandong favor her a lot!