Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 332: 107: it’s actually ye Zhuo! Confession! 6

Translator: 549690339

“When she said the last sentence, Mu Yourong let out a deep sigh, as if her heart ached for this group of children. ”

“Li Qiandong said, “People have thousands of faces, yourong. Not everyone is as kind as you!” ”

“Mu yourong said somewhat embarrassedly, “Big Brother Li, you speak too well of me. Actually, I didn’t do anything. I was born into a wealthy family, and I was only doing my best.” ”

“Li Qiandong said, “If everyone in the world thought the same as you, these orphans wouldn’t be living such a poor life.”Ye Zhuo was also very rich, but he had never seen ye Zhuo donate a single cent to the orphanage. ”

1

Perhaps!

This was the difference between people.

“Although ye Zhuo was a god of technology and a live streamer that had become popular on the internet, she had always thought of enjoying herself. She had never thought that there were other people in this world who needed her help. ”

2

Mu Yourong smiled.

“However, Li Qiandong saw an inexplicable sadness in this smile. ”

“”Yourong, What’s wrong with you?”Li Qiandong was very worried about her. ”

“Mu Yourong sighed and raised her head to look at Li Qiandong. “Big Brother Li, can I give you a hug? Just a little!”Since she had used Li Qiandong as a stepping stone, she naturally had to give Li Qiandong some benefits. ”

“From the way Li Qiandong was infatuated with her, she knew that Li Qiandong had been thinking about her for a long time! ”

Li Qiandong was stunned. He had never expected that Mu Yourong would make such a request of him.

“Mu Yourong hurriedly explained in a gentle voice, “Big Brother Li, don’t misunderstand. I don’t have any other thoughts! I’m just too tired and want to give you a hug.” ”

“As she finished speaking, Mu Yourong immediately hugged Li Qiandong. ”

The perfume on Mu Yourong’s body seeped into his nostrils through every orifice.

Li Qiandong’s entire body stiffened.

His heart beat faster and his face flushed red.

What should he do?

He felt as if he had fallen in love with Mu Yourong.

But he couldn’t!

Mu Yourong was Cen Shaoqing’s fiancée.

He couldn’t take away someone else’s love!

He couldn’t!

Mu Yourong hugged Li Qiandong just like that and rested her chin on Li Qiandong’s shoulder. The corners of her mouth revealed a trace of a smug smile.

“Seeing Li Qiandong like this, she knew that Li Qiandong had fallen deeply in love with her. ”

She knew that no one could resist her charm.

“Very soon, Mu Yourong released Li Qiandong. Her eyes instantly turned red. “Big Brother Li, I’m sorry. I lost my composure just now. I’ll be leaving First!” ”

“With that, Li Qiandong turned and ran. ”

She knew that her goal had been achieved!

“Next, Li Qiandong would definitely find a way to find out why she was in such a bad mood. ”

“Li Qiandong was still immersed in the hug just now. After a long while, he finally reacted and turned to look at his secretary. “Zhuo Hao, go and find out if something happened to the Mu Family!” ”

“Something big must have happened to the MU family. Otherwise, Mu Yourong wouldn’t be so sad ”

The secretary nodded. “Alright.”

“It was not difficult to find out about the MU family. Soon, the Secretary had an answer, he looked at Li Qiandong and said, “Young master Li, something has happened to the MU group. A project of the MU group has encountered problems. The losses are severe and they are already facing a financial crisis. They are about to go bankrupt!” ”

Li Qiandong frowned.

So that’s how it is. No Wonder Mu Yourong was so upset just now.

Sigh!

“Mu Yourong was really too kind. Something so big had happened to the MU group, yet she was actually unwilling to tell him. ”

1

“If it wasn’t for his meticulous care, wouldn’t the MU group be finished? ”

“Li Qiandong continued, “Get director Qi to make some preparations. We will immediately start cooperating with the MU Group.” ”

The only way to stabilize the morale of the army was to work with the MU Corporation to tide them over.

“Alright.”The secretary nodded.

“Before Mu Yourong reached home, Big Soldier Mu received a call from the Li Corporation, asking him to go over and discuss the matter of cooperation! ”

Big Soldier Mu was overjoyed!

His daughter was truly capable!

“Although the MU Corporation’s crisis had been resolved, Mu Yourong was not too happy. ”

“Ye zhuoming was just a piece of trash, why was he always suppressing her? ”

“And now, he had actually become ZY’s founder! ”

“At this moment, Mu Yourong suddenly thought of song shiyu, “System, is the person working with ZY the song group now?” ”

[ yes. ] The system replied.

“Mu Yourong narrowed her eyes, and the bottom of her eyes instantly lit up. ”

Why did song Shiyu cooperate with Zy?

Just like why did song Shiyu help the MU corporation through the crisis in his previous life.

This meant that song Shiyu already knew that Zy’s founder was ye Zao! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Song Shiyu did the same thing again.

“In her previous life, when she learned that song Shiyu was the savior of the Mu Corporation, she had a good impression of Song Shiyu. When the song family sent someone to say ‘kiss’, she agreed without hesitation! ”

Demo Version, Only convert first 5 files at one time, Please buy now!