Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

“Chapter 349: 109: Great Burning’s first kiss with Master Five, Old Madam Song’s death! 2”

Translator: 549690339

“”Alright.”Lin Ze nodded. “Goodbye, Uncle Ye.” ”

“Goodbye.”

...

On the other side.

At the CEN Corporation.

“Ye Zhuo stood behind the boss’s chair while Cen Shaoqing sat on it. He pointed at the computer and said, “There’s a small problem here, here, and here. Look, is there any way to fix it?” ”

Ye Zao leaned slightly and pressed the mouse with her slender and fair fingers.

A faint fragrance came from her body and entered his nostrils.

It was different from the perfume that was full of chemicals.

It was a very natural smell.

“It was like the fragrance of plants after a rain, making people unconsciously indulge in it. ”

At this moment.

“A wisp of naughty hair fell from her ear and slid to his ear. The soft end of the hair brushed against his ear, making it feel numb and slightly itchy. ”

It was a wonderful feeling.

Bang Bang Bang —

Cen Shaoqing could clearly hear his own heartbeat.

“”Get up for a while,”ye Zhuo suddenly said. ”

“”Okay.”In the blink of an eye, Cen Shaoqing had returned to normal. He stood up slightly and gave up his seat to Ye Zhuo. ”

“Ye Zhuo sat on the chair, his jade-like fingers constantly moving on the keyboard. ”

The data on the screen was constantly changing.

Cen Shaoqing was standing beside her.

“What’s going on here?”Ye Zao turned around to look at Cen Shaoqing.

“Cen Shaoqing leaned over, one hand on the computer desk and the other on the mouse. Looking from behind, he trapped ye Zao between him and the computer. ”

“It was hard for him to breathe, and his heartbeat was chaotic. ”

“Cen Shaoqing had finally calmed down, but now his heart was in a mess again. He used the fingers holding the Buddha beads to point at the computer screen. “There’s no problem here. Look here, the real loophole is here.” ”

“”There is no problem here. In Intel format, there is no need to use the remote transfer command and the remote sub-call command Operation Code.”Ye Zhuo looked back at Cen Shaoqing. ”

Ye Zhuo was so focused on solving the problem that he forgot how close the two of them were now.

“In the instant he looked back, his red lips brushed past his thin lips. It was slightly cold, with a hint of fresh sandalwood fragrance. ”

It was as if he had been electrocuted.

In this instant.

Ye Zao was stunned.

Cen Shaoqing was also stunned.

1

“The two of them landed in each other’s sight. At this moment, the air seemed to have stopped breathing. ”

“For the first time in his life, ye Zao experienced the feeling of his heart beating like a drum. ”

Bang Bang Bang.

He felt as if his entire heart did not belong to him anymore.

He could not control it.

It was a sin!

It was really a sin!

She had actually taken advantage of a monk.

“For the first time, Big Brother Ye, who was always eloquent, did not know to keep quiet. ”

His mouth was dry and his tongue was parched.

He felt as if smoke was coming out of his entire throat.

“There doesn’t seem to be any problem here.”Cen Shaoqing stood up and coughed lightly. He changed the topic a little unnaturally. “Do you want to drink water?”

“Yes.”Ye Zhuo nodded along the steps.

“CEN Shaoqing continued, “Can I have some tea?” ”

“Ye Zhuo said, “I’d like some Iced Coke.” ”

“Okay.”

Cen Shaoqing nodded slightly and walked out.

Outside was the secretary’s office.

The secretaries were watching the company’s wechat group chat.

The group Chat was abuzz with discussions about the president’s wife.

Cen Shaoqing’s sudden appearance gave the secretaries a shock. They quickly closed the wechat chat window and started working seriously.

“”Secretary Li, I want a glass of Ice Cola and a glass of ice water.” ”

Ice Cola?

Didn’t their fifth master only drink tea?

When did he start drinking cola? Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Could it be for the Chief Cleaner’s wife?

“Thinking of this, secretary Li seemed to have discovered some big secret of the day. He was extremely excited. ”

“”Okay, fifth master, make the arrangements immediately.” ”

The CEN group’s welfare benefits were especially good.

The company’s pantry was serving all kinds of drinks.

“As soon as secretary Li sent the message, someone jogged over with Ice Cola and ice water. “Fifth master, Here’s the Ice Cola and ice water you asked for.” ”

Cen Shaoqing took it and walked into the office.

“Seeing Cen Shaoqing turn around, the secretaries immediately opened the wechat group chat. ”

[ fifth master just gave our CEO’s wife a Coke! ]

“[ so the president’s wife also likes happy, fat otaku water. ] ”

[ master five dotes on the President’s wife! ]

[ not doting at all. Look at our master five. Does he look like the kind of person who dotes on his wife? ]

[ our master five is so outstanding. Who knows if the president’s wife will chase after him? ]

[ there’s no official announcement yet! Why are you in such a hurry? Maybe they’re just ordinary friends. I heard that master five doesn’t even like song Chenyu. Why would he like ordinary people? ]

[ I feel that the President’s wife is prettier than song Chenyu! ]

[ plus one! ]

[ ... ]

Cen Shaoqing walked into the office with a coke.