Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

“Chapter 542: 136: an unexpected turn of events. So it was the little fanboy, Feng Xianxian, who was on the verge of collapse! 4”

Translator: 549690339

“After saying that, Feng Xianxian turned around and left. ”

“”Wait a minute,”ye Zao suddenly said. ”

Feng Xianxian turned back to look at ye Zao with a puzzled look in her eyes.

Ye Zao’s red lips parted slightly. “Didn’t you say that you wanted to have a talk with me?”

“Feng Xianxian said, “Actually, there’s nothing much to talk about. I just wanted to introduce Zhilan and big brother Zheng to you, but I didn’t expect the two of you to know each other.” ”

“Upon hearing this, Zheng Zhilan quickly echoed, “Yes, yes, yes, Goddess, Xianxian is right!” ”

Zheng Zimo also nodded.

“Ye Zao’s eyes flickered, but he didn’t say anything else. ”

“After Feng Xianxian left, the three of them quickly arrived at the teahouse. ”

“They got someone to brew a pot of top-grade biluochun, and instantly, the entire room was filled with the fragrance of tea. ”

Zheng Zimo got someone to bring the chess set.

“”Goddess, I’ll play with you first.”Zheng Zhilan volunteered to sit in front of ye Zao. ”

Ye Zao nodded slightly.

“Although Zheng Zhilan had studied chess for many years, in front of ye Zao, she was still a rookie. In less than five minutes, Zheng Zhilan surrendered. ”

Zheng Zimo went on stage.

“His go skills were much better than Zheng Zhilan’s, but he only lasted less than ten minutes. ”

Zheng Zimo had always watched ye Zao play against others in front of the screen. He thought that he knew ye Zao’s go style very well and that it would be no problem for him to win against Ye Zao. He did not expect that he would still lose despite being so cautious.

He was completely convinced by ye Zao!

“Amazing!”Zheng Zimo gave ye Zao a thumbs up.

“Ye Zao smiled slightly. “Just so-so, third place in the world.” ”

“Zheng Zimo continued to ask, “Oh right goddess, have you ever gone out with big shot beauty before?” ”

“No.”

“Zheng Zimo said in surprise, “So your boyfriend is really not Big Shot Beauty?” ”

That Beauty Boss had given ye Zao a total of more than eight digits worth of gifts.

Zheng Zimo had thought that he was the one who had appeared in front of the camera the last time.

Who would have thought...

It wasn’t him.

“Ye Zao continued, “My boyfriend and I met in real life.” ”

“Zheng Zhilan seemed to have heard some big secret today. “Holy shit! Goddess, you have a boyfriend?” ”

She had just become a fan of ye Zao and did not know that ye Zao already had a boyfriend.

“Yes.”Ye Zao nodded slightly.

Zheng Zhilan’s face was filled with shock.

She really could not imagine what kind of man was worthy of Ye Zao.

Roughly... Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Was he like Cen Wu Ye?

1

“However, Cen Wu Ye was an unmarried person and a vegetarian. It seemed that there was no possibility of marriage in this lifetime. ”

Was it difficult? Who else could be worthy of her besides Fifth Master Cen?

“Zheng Zhilan racked her brains, but she could not come up with a reason. ”

...

The Lin family.

Feng Qianhua came on time to deliver soup to Old Lady Lin.

“Zhao shuning came to pick her up on behalf of Aunt Zhang. She smiled and said, “Mom was right.” ”

“Feng Qianhua asked, “What did Aunt Lin Say?” ”

“”Mother said that out of all the daughters-in-law, you are the most filial. You come every day to bring her soup.”Zhao shuning held onto Feng Qianhua’s arm. ”

“Feng Qianhua smiled and said, “It’s only right to be filial to Aunt Lin. Although Aunt Lin and I don’t have a mother-in-law-in-law relationship, our mother-daughter relationship is still there.” ”

She had persisted for nineteen years.

She would never give up at a time like this.

“She would definitely personally chase ye Shu, that mistress, out of the Lin family. ”

“Zhao shuning said, “If it were up to me, you should have changed your way of addressing me as ‘Mom’a long time ago! How many things have you done for the Lin family in the past 19 years! How Could You Be Like That Vixen? She didn’t do anything. She didn’t even raise Ah Ze and just sat there and enjoyed the fruits of her labor! Ptui! What right does she have?” ”

Zhao shuning hated ye Shu and Ye Zhuo very much.

This was because no one had ever made her lose face in her entire life.

But Ye Zhuo had embarrassed her so much.

He had embarrassed her so much at the banquet.

“Now, everyone in the industry knew that she didn’t know Arabic! ”

There were even people who used it to mock her for losing to her niece.

This was a great humiliation for Zhao shuning.

“Moreover, she had known Feng Qianhua for a long time, and Feng Qianhua had kept a big secret for her. In her heart, Feng Qianhua was her fifth younger brother and sister. ”

1

Not some random cat or dog!

Feng Qianhua patted the back of Zhao Shuning’s hand. “I did all this voluntarily. Let’s go in quickly.”

“After a short while, they arrived at Old Mrs. Lin’s house. ”

“Old Mrs. Lin smiled and said, “Qianhua is here.”Although she was talking to Feng Qianhua, her gaze fell on the Thermos flask in Feng Qianhua’s hand, and there was an unconcealable desire in her eyes. ”

Feng Qianhua took out the health soup and handed it to old Mrs. Lin.

Old Mrs. Lin took the health soup with both hands and drank it in one gulp.