Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

“Chapter 546: 136: an unexpected turn of events. So it was her little fan, Feng Xianxian, who was on the verge of collapse, who noticed the health-preserving soup! 8”

Translator: 549690339

“Ye Shu said in disbelief, “What? Her surname is Zhao?” ”

“If it was understandable for ye Zhuo to have the surname of Lin Jincheng, what did it mean to have the surname of Old Lady Lin? ”

“Old Lady Lin said, “Why? You Don’t agree?” ”

“Yes! I don’t agree!”Ye Shu’s attitude was very firm. “It’s impossible for my daughter’s surname to be Zhao!”

“”Can’t be Zhao? If she can follow your surname, then she can follow my surname! She’s my granddaughter!”Old Lady Lin’s attitude was very firm, “If I want her to have the surname Zhao, then she must have the surname Zhao! But it’s not up to you! If you dare to disagree, I’ll have Jin city chase you out of our Lin Family!” ”

“After saying this, Old Lady Lin looked at ye Shu proudly. ”

Ye Shu had gone through so much trouble to enter the Lin family. was she willing to leave the Lin Family?

“Next, Ye Shu would definitely give in! ”

“Ye Shu was also very angry. “Then, please watch carefully. Does Lin Jin city dare to kick me out? ! You want to change my daughter’s name? No Way!” ”

“Old Lady Lin slammed the table and stood up. She said angrily, “Ye Shu! Don’t be so shameless. I’ll change my granddaughter’s surname. What right do you, an outsider, have to disagree!” ”

“A SL * T was indeed a SL * T. she did not know how to judge the situation at all, yet she dared to challenge her! ”

“”Just because scorching hot is my daughter!”Ye Shu continued, “If you say I’m an outsider, then you’re not an outsider? This is the Lin Family! Not Your Zhao family! What right do you have to change my daughter’s surname?” ”

“SL * T!”Old Mrs. Lin’s face turned cold. “Say that again!”

“She was ye Zhuo’s grandmother, the old lady of the Lin family. How could she not have the right to give ye Zhuo the surname Zhao? ”

“Ye Shu looked at Old Lady Lin. “You are my mother-in-law, I am the mother of your grandson and granddaughter, and your son’s wife. If I am a B * tch, then what are you? An old B * Tch?” ”

Old Lady Lin was so angry that her entire body was trembling.

She did not expect ye Shu to dare to turn the tables and call her an old slut!

“However, she did not have any words to refute. ”

She knew that Ye Shu was not a good person.

“If it was Feng Qianhua, would feng Qianhua scold her like that? ”

“Ye Shu had just entered the Lin family and she dared to be so arrogant. If this continued, wouldn’t she turn the sky upside down? ”

“Old Lady Lin stood up and raised her right hand, slapping ye Shu’s face fiercely. ”

Ye Shu tilted her head and avoided old Mrs. Lin’s slap.

It’s reversed!

It’s really reversed!

Old Mrs. Lin looked at Ye Shu in disbelief.

She didn’t expect ye Shu to dare to Dodge.

Did Ye Shu not know who was in charge of the Lin Family?

“”You, you still dare to Dodge!”Old Mrs. Lin was so angry that her voice was trembling. ”

“Why don’t I Dodge?”Ye Shu raised her head and looked at Old Mrs. Lin. “Do you think I’m still the Old Ye Shu?”

“After saying this, Ye Shu turned around and walked out. ”

“”Ye Shu, stop right there!”Old Lady Lin shouted, “Stop right there!” ”

But Ye Shu acted as if she didn’t hear it.

“Looking at Ye Shu’s back, Old Lady Lin’s legs went weak and she sat on the ground. Her eyes were red with anger, “Slut! What a slut! What sin have I Done! God wants to punish me like this! I’m already so old, why can’t I have a good and comfortable life? God, why don’t you just take me away... “... “...” ”

“When Zhao shuning walked in, Old Mrs. Lin was sitting on the ground and crying. She was shocked. ”

She thought that the person who was crying on the ground would be ye Shu... Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

She didn’t expect the truth to be the complete opposite.

“”Mom, what’s Going On?”Zhao shuning quickly helped Old Lady Lin up. ”

“After listening to Old Lady Lin explain the whole process.., zhao shuning said angrily, “That Vixen ye Shu is really too daring! She actually dared to treat you like this! Mom, let me tell you! This name must be changed! You have to let that Vixen ye Shu know that the person in charge of this family is still you! “If she wants to stay in this family, she has to look at you!” ”

“Do you have a way?”Old Lady Lin raised her head and asked.

“Zhao shuning continued, “My brother works in the city. As long as I tell him about this, he will definitely help!” ”

“Hearing this, Old Lady Lin said excitedly, “Really?” ”

Zhao shuning picked up his phone. “I’ll call my brother right away!”

“The call went through very quickly. Zhao shuning’s brother, Zhao Shuqi, was not a small official. When he heard this, he said, “Shuning! How about this? Tomorrow, you bring your old lady to the station. When the time comes, I’ll just inform them.” ”