Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 551: 137: s 3 was a person that he could not afford to offend! He would implicate the entire Zhao family! He would change it back the same way he changed it back! 5

Translator: 549690339

“Zhao shuning smiled and said, “Qianhua, you have no idea how furious ye Shu made our mother last night! She was so close to making a move on our mother!””

“Feng Qianhua said in surprise, “That can’t be! I don’t think Sister Ye Shu is that kind of person!””

“”Why Not!”Zhao shuning continued, “Is our mother still lying?”” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Old Madam Lin thumped her chest and sighed. “Our family is unfortunate! Our family is unfortunate!”

Feng Qianhua quickly comforted old madam Lin.

“Old Madam Lin held Feng Qianhua’s hand. “Qianhua! I only regret one thing now. I didn’t give Ah Ze that child to you to raise back then!” Feng Qianxian was still young. Old Mrs. Lin was worried that Feng Qianhua wouldn’t be able to take care of the two children by herself, so she decided to take care of them herself.”

She didn’t expect that.

This biological grandmother couldn’t be compared to her own mother.

“Now that Ye Shu was back, Lin Ze hadn’t come to see her for a few days.”

“Feng Qianhua patted old Mrs. Lin’s hand. “Aunt Lin, what happened in the past is in the past. Besides, you taught Ah Ze well.”Feng Qianhua only regretted that she didn’t kill Lin Ze back then.”

“If Lin Ze had died, she would have married Lin Jincheng long ago. Ye Shu would not have been involved?”

“After all, if it had not been for Lin Ze, Lin Jincheng would not have regained his memory, and he would not have found ye Shu so quickly.”

“But now that it had happened, what was the use of regretting?”

Feng Qianhua’s lowered eyes were filled with viciousness.

Old Mrs. Lin wiped her tears.

“If Lin Ze had really been taught well by her, it would have been fine.”

“However, Lin Ze was an ungrateful wretch.”

“Feng Qianhua comforted old Mrs. Lin, “Aunt Lin, don’t cry. No matter what, we’re still by your side.””

“Zhao shuning nodded in agreement. “Qianhua is right. Mom, we’re still by your side.””

“Old Mrs. Lin hugged Feng Qianhua and Zhao shuning. “Shuning, you’re the only one who’s standing by Mom’s side now. You have to help me, help Qianhua.”Other than Zhao shuning, other than Zhao shuning, the other three daughters-in-law all stood on the same side as ye Shu.”

“Especially the eldest daughter-in-law, Wu Mei.”

“She acted like she didn’t have a brain, which made old Mrs. Lin very disappointed.”

“Zhao shuning smiled and said, “Mom, don’t worry. I Won’t return to the country unless ye Shu is kicked out of our Lin family.””

“After hearing Zhao Shuning’s words, Old Mrs. Lin was very gratified.”

This fourth daughter-in-law was usually not in vain.

“Around 12 o’clock, Zhao Shuning and old Mrs. Lin took a car to the public security bureau.”

“The car had just stopped at the entrance of the Public Security Bureau when a middle-aged man, who was short and somewhat Mediterranean in stature, came out to welcome them. “It’s fourth madam Lin and old Mrs. Lin, right?””

Zhao shuning nodded. “My brother is Zhao Shuqi.”

“Hearing this, the person who came said respectfully, “My name is Yu Peiyuan. Fourth Madam Lin, you can call me little sun.””

“Although he was not younger than Zhao shuning, he had a good brother!”

“After all, Zhao Shuqi was his immediate superior. Moreover, Zhao Shuqi would be promoted soon. At that time, whether or not he could be promoted along with him was just a sentence from Zhao Shuqi.”

“At this time, he could not offend Zhao Shuqi’s sister.”

Zhao shuning helped Old Lady Lin to walk in front

“”Little Sun, my brother has already told you about this matter, right?””

“Sun Peiyuan nodded. “Don’t worry, director Zhao has already told me about this matter.””

“That’s good.”

“Sun Peiyuan brought the two of them to the office. “Fourth Madam Lin, old Madam Lin, you two take a seat first.””

Zhao shuning helped old madam Lin sit down.

Sun Peiyuan personally made tea for the two of them. “Have you brought the information for both of You?”

“Yes.”Zhao shuning nodded and took out the information that she had prepared beforehand.

Sun Peiyuan placed the tea on the table and picked up the information. “Have you changed it to Zhao Linzhuo?”

Zhao shuning nodded.

Sun Peiyuan nodded. “Please wait for a moment. I’ll arrange for someone to handle it right away.”

Zhao shuning picked up a cup of tea. “I’ll have to Trouble You Then.”

“This is what I’m supposed to do.”

“Old Madam Lin raised her head and asked, “Little Sun, how long will this take?””

“”About half an hour,”Sun Peiyuan continued. “Please take a seat. I’ll be right back.””

Old Madam Lin nodded.

“Sun Peiyuan brought the documents to the household administration department. “Little Chu, change this person’s name first.””

“Little Chu put down the work in her hands and took the information from Sun Peiyuan. “Alright, Please Wait a moment.””

Little Chu entered ye Zhuo’s name.

But in the next second.

She was stunned.

Because there was actually a row of S3 watermark at the bottom right corner of ye Zhuo’s personal information.