Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

“Chapter 557: 138: the fall of the Zhao family, severing ties 4”

Translator: 549690339

And his identity was still a mystery!

This was clearly Lin Jincheng’s doing behind the scenes!

“But now, in order not to anger his parents, Zhao shuning could only nod and say, “I understand.” ”

Wait.

She must make ye Shu and ye Zhuo pay the price!

“Zhao shuning clenched his fists, and a sinister light flashed through his lowered eyes. ”

The Lin family.

“When Aunt Zhang learned of the final outcome of the name change incident, she immediately called Feng Qianhua to inform her. ”

“Hearing this, Feng Qianhua frowned slightly. “In that case, they didn’t cause a ruckus?” ”

“She originally wanted to use this opportunity to let ye Shu cause a ruckus in the Lin family, and then angrily take ye Zhuo and Lin Ze away from the Lin family. ”

“Once ye Shu took the initiative to leave the Lin family, then she would reap the benefits of the fisherman. ”

She didn’t expect that Lin Jincheng would settle the matter before ye Shu even started to flare up.

“”Yes, it didn’t happen.”Speaking up to this point, aunt Zhang lowered her voice. “Not only did it not happen, but there was also a problem with Zhao Shinning’s family. Now, the old lady is comforting her.” ”

“Feng Qianhua narrowed her eyes. “Then, I’ll have to trouble you to keep an eye on that side for me. Once there’s any news, call me immediately.” ”

“”Okay, don’t worry.”Aunt Zhang continued, “I’ll keep an eye on it.” ”

“After Feng Qianhua hung up the phone, she turned the calendar on the table back to one page. ”

Something happened to the Zhao family?

“Then Zhao shuning must be very angry right now, right? ”

Zhao shuning wasn’t someone with a good temper. He must have hated ye Shu and her daughter in his heart.

“Thinking of this, the corners of Feng Qianhua’s mouth curled up. ”

“Xianxian.”

“Mom?”Feng Xianxian walked over.

“Feng Qianhua continued, “Xianxian, what do you think of the Li family in the east of the city?” ”

Feng Xianxian’s face turned pale and her voice trembled. “Mom! Grandma and the others... how could they do this?”

The Li family in the east of the city was also a big family in the capital.

The head of the Li family was 43 years old this year. He was single and had a weird habit. He had lost five wives in a row.

No one in the rich circle dared to marry their daughter into the Li family.

“Some money-worshipping women approached the head of the Li family for power. However, before they could get married, something happened to them. ”

“Old Madam Feng had been eyeing Feng Qianhua for a long time. Previously, she thought that Feng Qianhua could marry Lin Jincheng, so she did not mention this matter. ”

“Now, Ye Shu was involved in the relationship between Lin Jincheng and Feng Qianhua. ”

Old Madam Feng did not gain any benefits from Feng Qianhua..

Could it be that she wanted to marry Feng Qianhua to the head of the Li Family?

“Feng Qianhua patted Feng Qianqian’s hand. “Don’t worry, this matter has nothing to do with us.” ”

“Then what do you mean?”Feng Qianqian asked doubtfully.

“Feng Qianhua smiled and said, “You just wait and see, Qianqian. You are the most outstanding socialite in the whole of Beijing. No one can compete with you.” ”

Ye Zao was even worse.

...

On the other side.

Ye Zao and Lin Ze brought something to Shengdong Express to see ye Sen.

“When they went, Ye Sen was receiving a client from country M. ”

The current ye Sen was very different from before.

He could already speak fluent English now and talk with the client from country M. he did not even frown during the whole process.

“Through a glass window, ye Zao gave him a thumbs up. ”

Ye Sen blinked at Ye Zao.

“Lin Ze said in surprise, “I didn’t expect uncle’s English to be so good.”After all, according to his previous research, Ye Sen didn’t even pass high school. ”

He had been out of the society since he was a teenager.

“Now, he didn’t look like a person who didn’t even go to high school? ”

Even many people with higher education wouldn’t be able to communicate with the M Nation people as he did.

“Ye Zao said, “Uncle has been practicing for more than a year.”Not only was ye Sen studying English, he also wanted to improve himself through the self-study exam. ”

“At this moment, Lin Ze’s phone rang. He picked it up and said, “I’m going out to take a call.” ”

Ye Zao nodded slightly.

Lin Ze went out to take the call.

It was not until he reached the door that Lin Ze picked up the phone. “Hello.”

“It was unknown what was said on the other end, but Lin ze continued, “I might not be able to do it for a while.” ”

“After a while, Ye Sen walked out of the room after they had agreed on a partnership. He asked curiously, “Where’s Ah Ze?” ”

“”He went to take the call.”Ye Zao continued, “Here, my brother brought these for you.” ”

“”This kid, why did you come to see me bring things? It’s a waste of money!”Although he said it was a waste of money, Ye Sen’s hands still disassembled these things very honestly. “Right, what do you two want to Eat Tonight?” ”Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)