Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 562: 138: Master Five is angry. The truth has been revealed. It turns out that the one who is truly infertile is Zhao shuning! 2

Translator: 549690339

Feng Qianhua clenched her fists and tried her best to control the anger in her heart.

“Zhao shuning stood in front of Feng Qianhua, his brows tightly knitted together. Ye Shu was merely a mistress. What right did she have to be arrogant in front of Feng Qianhua, the main palace? ”

She was really too shameless!

A villain gets what he wants!

It was disgusting.

Lin Jincheng was blind to fall for a vixen like ye Shu.

“Zhao shuning patted Feng Qianhua’s hand and looked up at Ye Shu, “Fifth sister-in-law, I have something to say. Back then, Jin Cheng and Qianhua were childhood sweethearts. If it weren’t for you, the person standing next to Jin Cheng wouldn’t be you!” ”

“Lin Jin city frowned and was about to speak, but ye Shu interrupted him. “Fourth sister-in-law, I also have something to say to you. Love doesn’t differentiate between first come, first served, but you have to know propriety, justice, and shame!” ” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“This sentence was neither light nor heavy, but it made Feng Qianhua’s face turn pale and blood flowed back from her body. ”

“Propriety, Justice, and shame! ”

“Was Ye Shu saying that she didn’t know propriety, Justice, and shame? ”

How dare she?

How dare ye Shu!

Feng Qianhua was so angry that her whole body was trembling. She raised her head and looked at Lin Jincheng.

“No matter what, she had known Lin Jincheng for so many years. Would Lin Jincheng be indifferent to Ye Shu’s insult? ”

Definitely Not!

“Based on his understanding of Lin Jincheng, Lin Jincheng would definitely speak up for her. ”

So what if ye Shu gave birth to two children for him?

He had no love for ye Shu at all.

Love had a shelf life. No One’s love could last more than ten years.

“In Lin Jincheng’s view, Lin Jincheng only felt guilty towards ye Shu. ”

There was no love between them at all!

“Under Feng Qianhua’s expectant gaze, Lin Jincheng slowly opened his mouth, “Ah Shu is right. Fourth sister-in-law, whether it was 19 years ago or 19 years later, I never had any improper thoughts towards Qianhua, nor did I have any hint towards her! “If you want to say that I interfered, it was Qianhua who interfered between Ah Shu and me!” ”

Boom!

Feng Qianhua felt as if she had been struck by lightning.

“How, how could this be? ”

“Could it be that in Lin Jincheng’s eyes, she was such an unbearable woman? ”

She interfered between him and ye Shu?

Feng Qianhua’s footsteps were unsteady as she took two steps back.

“Qianhua.”Zhao shining held onto Feng Qianhua.

“Feng Qianhua shook her head. “Fourth sister-in-law, I’m fine.”After saying that, Feng Qianhua raised her head to look at Lin Jincheng. “Brother Jincheng, sister-in-law, if I did anything wrong in the past, I’ll apologize to you! I’m Sorry!” ”

“After saying that, Feng Qianhua held onto Zhao Shuning’s hand and said, “Let’s go back.” ”

Zhao shuning nodded.

“Lin Jincheng tilted his head to look at Ye Shu. “Ah Shu, are you alright?”Although he had already explained everything clearly, he was still afraid that ye Shu would misunderstand. ”

“In the past nineteen years, Lin Jincheng was most afraid of misunderstandings. ”

Ye Shu shook her head. “I’m fine. Let’s go too.”

...

Zhao shuning helped Feng Qianhua to the pavilion in the garden.

Feng Qianhua hugged Zhao shuning and burst into tears.

Half-truth.

“Zhao shuning comforted her. “Qianhua, don’t cry. God will punish the wicked! Don’t worry, that b * Tch ye Shu won’t have a good ending!” ”

“Feng Qianhua took a deep breath and sobbed, “I just didn’t expect that I was such an unbearable person in the heart of Jin City! He actually accused me of intervening in their relationship! Then who will pay back the 19 years of my youth?” ”

How many more 19 years did she have in her life?

Ye Shu was clearly the third party.

“But now, she actually became the third party. ”

They actually stood on the moral high ground and criticized her.

Forget about Ye Shu.

But Lin Jincheng was the man she loved the most.

How could Lin Jincheng treat her like this?

Did Lin Jincheng have a conscience?

“Zhao shuning hugged Feng Qianhua. “Qianhua, don’t worry. No matter what happens, I will help you! Don’t worry. This time, if I Don’t Chase that Vixen Ye Shu away, I won’t go to Country M!” ”

“”Shuning, thank you.”Feng Qianhua looked at Zhao shuning gratefully. ”

“This time, she didn’t call her fourth sister-in-law anymore. ”

Calling her ‘Shuning’meant that they had a deep friendship.

“”Who’s talking to who? There’s no need to be so polite.”Zhao shuning sighed, “If it was Qingxuan in Jin city, it would be great. Look at how well I treated Qingxuan! He wouldn’t dare to say anything if I said it! If it were up to me, you should have used some tricks then!” ”

“If she hadn’t used any tricks, would lin Qingxuan have been so obedient? ”

Feng Qianhua didn’t say anything.

“Zhao shuning held Feng Qianhua’s hand. “Qianhua, I have to thank you for keeping this secret for me. Otherwise...” ”