Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 58: What The Hell!

“I’m not in the wrong seat.” Ye Zhuo looked back slightly. There was not a single impurity in her clear eyes. “I am Ye Zhuo. Lizi, don’t you recognize me?”

The original owner of the body had bad fashion sense, was stupid, and had a bad reputation. Previously, she wore heavy makeup. Although she was a rich young lady, everyone looked down on her, and no one was willing to play with her. Her deskmate, An Lizi, was the original owner’s only friend in the class.

Not only did An Lizi not look down on Ye Zhuo, she even defended her. Every time someone wanted to bully Ye Zhuo, she would stand up for her.

Holy sh*t!

Hearing this, Sn Lizi was stunned.

This voice, that’s right!

It was Ye Zhuo.

But this face…

An Lizi swallowed her saliva. Her big, shiny eyes were filled with disbelief!

In the past, Ye Zhuo always wore heavy makeup and didn’t wear her school uniform properly. She didn’t expect that Ye Zhuo, who had removed her heavy makeup, would actually look so good.

It wasn’t just An Lizi who was stunned. Even the other students in the class were stunned.

They had been in the same class as Ye Zhuo for nearly three years, but this was the first time they had seen Ye Zhuo without makeup.

“Zhuo Zhuo, you look too good without makeup!” An Lizi continued, “I’ve said it before that you would definitely look very good without makeup. To think that you didn’t believe me!”

As Ye Zhuo’s good friend, An Lizi had advised Ye Zhuo not to wear makeup more than once, but Ye Zhuo didn’t listen at all.

Shee didn’t expect that after a summer vacation, Ye Zhuo wouldn’t wear makeup anymore.

“Yeah.” Ye Zhuo nodded. “I won’t wear makeup anymore.”

“Really?” An Lizi’s eyes lit up. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Really!”

An Lizi smiled and said, “That’s right! Look at how good you look now! You look even better than the school belle. I think the title of school belle of our school is going to someone else soon!”

Kacha—

At this moment, a faint sound came from the air.

Ye Zhuo’s ears moved slightly. She stood up slowly and walked to the first row of the fourth group with her long legs. She placed her hands on the table and looked down at the boy who had secretly taken a photo of her with his phone.

“Take it out.”

Being stared at by her like this, the boy felt uncomfortable all over. His ears were hot and red. “Take, take what?”

“Your phone,” Ye Zhuo said calmly.

The boy’s hands trembled as he took out his phone from his pocket and handed it to Ye Zhuo.

Ye Zhuo took the phone. After deleting the photo, she returned the phone to him. “Don’t take any photos of me in the future, understand?”

The boy took the phone. “Got it.”

When Ye Zhuo returned to his seat, the boy realized that he had not told Ye Zhuo the password to his phone. His phone had been locked!

How did Ye Zhuo turn on his phone?

And how did she delete that photo?

Holy sh*t!

What the hell!

“Wow, wow, wow!” As soon as Ye Zhuo returned to her seat, An Lizi hugged her arm. “Zhuo Zhuo, you were so handsome just now!”

“Aren’t I handsome?and?beautiful?” Ye Zhuo raised her eyebrows slightly.

“Yes, yes!” After saying that, An Lizi suddenly reacted. “Wow! Zhuo Zhuo, why do I feel that you have become narcissistic?”

Ye Zhuo slowly took out the book. “What have I said that isn’t the truth?”

An Lizi was rendered speechless.

At this moment, the class monitor walked over and said, “Ye Zhuo, the class teacher wants to see you in his office.”

“Okay.” Ye Zhuo stood up and walked towards the office.

The class teacher’s name was Qian Dabao. He was a slightly bald middle-aged man. Because he was slightly bald, everyone called him the Mediterranean Sea.

“Teacher, are you looking for me?” Ye Zhuo asked as she came to the office.

Qian Dabao was grading his homework. When he heard this, he looked up and asked doubtfully, “Student, who are you?”

There didn’t seem to be such a student in his class, right?

“Teacher Qian, I’m Ye Zhuo.”

Ye Zhuo?

Qian Dabao looked at her in disbelief. The expression on his face was like a roller coaster, up and down.

After a long while, Qian Dabao finally reacted. He picked up the report card on the table and handed it to Ye Zhuo. “These are your results from last semester’s final exam. Take a look for yourself.”

Ye Zhuo took the report card, and the corners of his mouth could not help but twitch.

The original owner’s results.

It seemed… too horrible to look at.

Chinese: 18 points, Mathematics: 6 points, English: 9 points, Physics: 10 points, Chemistry: 6 points, Biology: 2 points.

The total score was only 51 points.

No wonder Qian Dabao’s expression was so ugly.

Ye Zhuo closed her report card and said, “Teacher, don’t worry. I will definitely study hard in the future and not drag the class down.”

Study hard?

Qian Dabao raised his head and looked at Ye Zhuo.

Study hard. This sentence was easy to say, but it was difficult to do.

A third-year high school student who scored 51 points in six subjects? What was the difference between her and a fool?

Qian Dabao continued, “Ye Zhuo, you should be well aware the situation of our class. Our class is the ace class of the school. Everyone who’s in our class has scored very well in the exams. Even the student who came out second to last, Yang Kai, scored 528 points. The gap between the two of you is really too big!”

Speaking up to this point, Qian Dabao paused and continued, “From now on, you will be transfered to Class 7. I have already made an agreement with the principal.”

Class 7 was an ordinary class. With Ye Zhuo’s results, she was most suitable to continue her studies in Class 7.

Although the Mu family did not like Ye Zhuo, for the sake of reputation, they still paid a huge price to get Ye Zhuo to join the ace class.

Now that Ye Zhuo was no longer the Young Miss of the Mu family, there was no reason for her to continue staying in the ace class.

Qian Dabao was confident that he would be able to bring out a top scorer this year. Ye Zhuo’s results were really too much of a hindrance.

As an outstanding teacher who will bring out the next top scorer, he couldn’t have a student whose total score was only around 50 points. If word got out, he would be embarrassed.

Ye Zhuo continued, “Teacher Qian, why don’t you give me another chance? I guarantee that I will work hard to get good results this semester.” In her previous life, Ye Zhuo was a top student. It would be a breeze for her to score well this semester!

Qian Dabao raised his head and looked at Ye Zhuo. There was a hint of sarcasm in his eyes. “Then tell me, what is your goal?”

“More than 600 points,” Ye Zhuo answered.

Qian Dabao laughed out loud. “This joke is not funny at all. You have to be down-to-earth. You still have a long way to go in your life!” With Ye Zhuo’s IQ, she would be thankful if she could get a total of 60 points.

600 points?

She really dared to say that!

After saying that, Qian Dabao continued, “Everyone should know their place. Our ace class is really not suitable for you. You should go to Class 7.”

He thought that Ye Zhuo would definitely turn hostile when she heard this.

Unexpectedly, Ye Zhuo said with a smile, “Alright, Teacher Qian. I got it.”

Qian Dabao looked at Ye Zhuo.

As the saying goes, ‘One should always know ones limitations’. She probably did not know the meaning of this sentence…