Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 65: The Apple of Their Eye

Madam Lin could not bear to see Feng Xianxian suffer, so she held onto Feng Xianxian’s hand and said, “Xian Xian, don’t worry. When Ah Ze comes back, I will definitely help you teach him a good lesson.”

Ah Ze was indeed a little insensible.

Feng Xianxian was his sister!

His words were too hurtful. Fortunately, Feng Qianhua was kind and did not scold the child.

On the other hand, there was also Lin Jincheng. He did not even come back for the child’s birthday. No one knew what he was busy with!

Feng Qianhua smiled and said, “Aunt Lin, don’t spoil Xian Xian. You’ve spoiled her too much!”

Madam Lin held Feng Xianxian’s hand. “Girls should be spoiled a little. Mentioning about ‘spoiled’, Ah Ze’s character is getting more and more boring…” Her sentence trailed off. Madam Lin’s face was full of worry.

Feng Qianhua said, “Aunt Lin, I see that Ah Ze is a sensible and good child. It’s not a bad thing for boys to be boring. You don’t have to worry.”

“You’re the only one who doesn’t mind him that way.”

Outside the manor.

Lin Ze rushed to the roadside and saw his classmate, Li Wen, standing there, waiting for him.

“Brother Ze, over here!” Li Wen raised his hand to greet him.

Lin Ze jogged over.

“Have you been waiting for a long time?”

Li Wen waved his hand. “I just arrived a while ago.”

After saying that, Li Wen continued, “Brother Ze, didn’t your sister follow you today?”

Everyone knew that Lin Ze had always had a ‘follower’ who tagged along behind him.

Lin Ze’s expression was indifferent. “What sister?”

Li Wen laughed and teased, “That’s hard to say. When her mother becomes your stepmother, won’t she be your sister?”

Lin Ze pursed his lips tightly. The evening colors covered the young man’s face like a mysterious veil. “Are there any updates on the matter I asked you to investigate last time?”

“There’s still no reply from Brother Zhao,” Li Wen continued, “When there’s a reply, I’ll definitely let you know immediately! Let’s go quickly, Fatty Hu and the others are already there!”

Lin Ze nodded.

Soon after, a few motorcycles appeared on the Winding Mountain Road.

A small car zoomed past these motorcycles.

Feng Qianhua and Feng Xianxian sat in the backseat of the car.

Feng Xianxian pouted. “Mom! Isn’t our current situation pretty good? Why do you keep fawning over that old woman and Lin Ze?” It was fine if Feng Qianhua was willing to fawn over them, but her mother insisted on dragging her along in her schemes.

Feng Qianhua who was looking outside the car window, retracted her gaze and poked Feng Qianqian on the shoulder, “Silly girl! Who do you think your mom is doing all this for? It’s all for you! Everything we eat and wear now, which of them isn’t given to us by the Lin Family? If we lose the support of the Lin family, you’ll have to suffer!”

“Everything we eat and wear belongs to Grandpa’s family. What does it have to do with the Lin Family?” Feng Qianqian said.

“Do you think that without the support from the Lin family, your grandparents would let us stay here for 18 years?”

It was common for daughters to lose the support of their family once they got married into another family.

Not long after Feng Qianhua’s husband died, the company went bankrupt. She was alone with a child. If it were not for the Lin family, her parents and brother would not have tolerated her for so long!

This was because her family knew that she would definitely become the matriarch of the Lin family one day!

Once she became the matriarch of the Lin family, the Feng family’s status in the capital would also rise by several levels.

Feng Qianhua continued, “It’s because you’re the Lin family’s chosen granddaughter that your grandparents treat you so well.”

In other words, without the Lin family, the two of them would be nothing.

Feng Xianxian was stunned.

So, her maternal grandparents, who had doted on her for so many years, did not really love her?

After saying that, Feng Qianhua said earnestly, “So, Xian Xian! You must be obedient and strive to live up to our expectations! You must not let your maternal grandparents down! When mom marries into the Lin family, you will be the only granddaughter of the Lin Family! The Cen family and the Lin family have always been on good terms. I heard that the marriage between the Cen family and the Mu family has been dissolved! The Cen and Lin families are of equal status. When the time comes, you will be the Cen family’s daughter-in-law! You will be the Cen family’s new lady of the house!”

For many years, the Lin family only had sons and no daughters. When the time came, Feng Xianxian would be the apple of everyone’s eye.

When the time came, would she have anything she wanted?

At the mention of the Fifth Master Cen, a faint blush appeared on Feng Xianxian’s face.

At one of the cocktail parties, she had the honor of seeing the Fifth Master Cen from afar.

If she had to describe it in two words…

It would be—Absolutely stunning!

At that time, Feng Xianxian had secretly decided that she would only marry the guy that looked like a king.

Moreover, Fifth Master Cen had a powerful and had a high status. As long as she married him, the entire Beijing would be under her control.

“Okay, mom, I understand.” Feng Xianxian nodded. “Don’t worry, I will be obedient in the future.”

“Okay.” Feng Qianhua nodded with satisfaction, her eyes shining. “That’s is my daughter.”

… Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Ye family residence.

In the bedroom on the east side.

Ye Zhuo sat in front of the computer, typing on the keyboard with her fingers. The light reflected from the computer screen covered her face with a faint layer of warmth.

Seeing that it was getting late, Ye Zhuo turned off the computer, went to the living room, and prepared to go to the restaurant to help.

The lights in the living room were off, and everywhere was pitch black. Ye Zhuo pressed the switch on the wall. However, the lights did not light up.

Ye Zhuo narrowed her eyes slightly.

Was there a power failure?

Just then, a rustling sound came from the door.

Was there a thief?

Ye Zhuo secretly clenched her fist, ready to defend herself against the enemy.

“Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you…”

In the darkness, Ye Shu and Ye Sen were holding a birthday cake with candles burning in it as they slowly walked over.

The warm yellow lights enshrouded their faces.

At this moment, Ye Zhuo was slightly stunned.

In her previous life, she was an orphan. She didn’t even know when her birthday was.

Naturally, no one would celebrate her birthday.

For the first time in her life, someone had prepared a birthday cake for her, and even sang a birthday song for her.

This feeling… was very strange.

It felt like a fishbone was stuck in her throat.

“Happy birthday to our dear Zhuo Zhuo! We wish you happiness every single day of your life! May you stay 18 forever!”

“Happy birthday!”

“Zhuo Zhuo, hurry up and make a wish and blow out the candles!”

Ye Zhuo came back to her senses, bent down and pressed her palms together. She made a very sincere birthday wish.

After making the wish, she blew out the candles in one breath.

Puuu—

The moment the candle was blown out, the lights were turned on.

Ye Zhuo then realized that other than Ye Shu and Ye Sen, Zhou Yulian, Lin Jinshui, Lin Shasha, and Lin Weiwei were also there.

“Mom, Uncle, Aunt Lian, Uncle Lin, Sister Shasha, Brother Weiwei, thank you.”

“Silly child, no need to thank us! We’re like family!”

“Zhuo Zhuo! Happy Birthday!” Lin Shasha took the opportunity when Ye Zhuo was not paying attention and smeared some butter on Ye Zhuo’s face.

“Hello, Sister Shasha, how dare you smear me with butter!”

The two young girls got into a scuffle. In a short while, the two of them had their faces turned into colorful cat faces.

This was Ye Zhuo’s first birthday in this strange world, and it was also the happiest birthday.

In just over two months, she had gained family, friendship, and many other things that money could not buy…

After eating the cake, Lin Sha curled up on the sofa and chatted with Ye Zhuo. “Zhuo Zhuo, did you try the live streaming that I told you about last time?”

Ye Zhuo nodded. “Yes, I tried it.”

“How was it?” Lin Sha asked.

“It was so-so,” Ye Zhuo answered.

Lin Sha was suddenly interested and stood up from the sofa. “Let’s go, Zhuo Zhuo. Let’s go to your room. I want to watch you do live streaming.”

“Okay.” Ye Zhuo nodded slightly.

Because she had promised her fans last night that she would live stream her chess match again, Ye Zhuo was prepared to play chess again tonight.

Lin Sha said in surprise, “Wow, Zhuo Zhuo! You play chess so well! You’re already at level 8!”

Ye Zhuo said humbly, “I’m trying to keep a low profile.”

At this moment, a system message popped up on the chess game.

[Layabout Scholar has requested to add you as a friend.]

‘Layabout Scholar?’

Wasn’t this the unlucky guy who lost to her twice last night?