Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 66: “Why Don’t We Meet Up?” Asks Fifth Master Cen

Although this unlucky guy was a little unlucky, his chess skills were not too bad.

Ye Zhuo had to rack her brains to beat him last night.

It had been a long time since she had met such a worthy opponent.

Therefore, Ye Zhuo clicked the ‘approve’ button, and added the other party as a friend in the game. She saved his nickname as ‘Unlucky Guy’.

Then, she activated her live streaming.

Due to her sudden popularity from last night, more than a hundred viewers hopped on to watch her live stream the very moment she turned it on.

Lin Shasha held her phone and said in surprise, “Zhuo Zhuo, don’t you want to show your face?”

Ye Zhuo raised his eyebrows slightly. “Does a skilled player need to show his face?”

Lin Shasha was a little disappointed. Ye Zhuo was so good-looking. It was a pity that she didn’t show her face.

If she showed her face, there would definitely be more viewers in her live stream channel than there were now.

It was also at this time that Lin Shasha realized that Ye Zhuo’s streaming equipment was also very simple. There was only a camera and a computer. She didn’t even have a ring light or a sound card.

Fortunately, Ye Zhuo was very fair and her skin was as smooth and flawless as milk. Otherwise, she wouldn’t be able to look so good under the clear view of the HD camera.

‘Miss Streamer, I’m here!’

‘Miss Streamer, are you still playing chess tonight?’

“Yes, I am.”

‘What’s Your game account number? I want to challenge you. If I lose, I’ll gift you ten sports cars! If you lose, show us your face! Do you dare to play?’

“When has Daddy ever been afraid of a challenge?” Ye Zhuo shared her game account number with him.

A few moments later, she received the other party’s game invitation. Ye Zhuo clicked to accept the challenge.

Ye Zhuo clicked her mouse to disable one chariot, one cannon, and one horse. “I’ll give you a head start and let you have these three. Otherwise, people will say that I’m a bully.”

‘F*ck, Miss Streamer is such an alpha! I’m in love!’

‘Cool!’

‘There’s no need to give me a head start. I’m a professional chess player, and I never bully little girls.’

Ye Zhuo calmly clicked to start. “It’s only three pieces. Even if you’re a professional chess player, Daddy will still beat you.”

[Miss Streamer, you’re quite boastful! Let’s raise the bets. If you lose, not only will you show your face, but you’ll also have to call me ‘Daddy’ ten times.]

Ye Zhuo was not a person who would be willing to suffer losses. “I think that’s okay with me. However, if you lose, you’ll have to call me ‘Daddy’ ten times.”

‘No problem!’

The game began.

Ye Zhuo played chess while interacting with her fans.

Her words seemed to be irrelevant, but in fact, every sentence was gold. It could make people grin foolishly.

With the possibility of seeing her reveal her face and calling another gamer ‘Daddy’, the number of people in the live stream channel increased from hundreds to thousands. Meanwhile, the game had become more and more intense.

There were people spamming gifts non-stop.

[Account Notification: Purple Gold Hammer 1225 gifted a cloud piercing arrow!]

[Account Notification: I’m A Little Cutie gifted a sports car!]

The other party was worthy of being called a professional, capturing more than Ye Zhuo’s ten pieces in one go.

Seeing that Ye Zhuo only had one cannon left to cross the river, the other party still had two chariots and two cannons left, the outcome looked pretty much set.

‘Little sister is going to lose for sure!’

‘The streamer is about to reveal her face, everyone get ready to take screenshots!’

‘Haha, Miss Streamer, call Daddy!’

Ye Zhuo was unfazed and proceeded as usual, “Daddy doesn’t want to brag, but unless Daddy doesn’t want to win, no one can make Daddy lose!”

Suddenly, the tables were turned!

Red made a strong comeback!

[Checkmate! Red Wins!]

‘F*ck! Miss Streamer is f*cking amazing!’

‘Daddy is awesome!’

‘Daddy is awesome!’

‘F*ck! That was so exciting!’

‘I’m a person who doesn’t know how to play chess. After watching the live stream of the young lady, I fell in love with chess.’

‘What the f*ck just happened? What kind of Goddess is the streamer?’

[Account notification: That Dog! gifted 10 sports cars! Daddy X10!]

[Account notification: Purple-gold Hammer 1225 gifted 10 sports cars!]

Lin Shasha, who was watching the live stream, was dumbfounded.

She was a regular viewer, so she naturally knew the price of sports cars.

A sports car was worth 1,000 RMB, so 10 would be 10,000 RMB. Adding the commission from the platform, Ye Zhuo could still get 3,000 RMB!

It was almost her monthly salary.

Tonight, Ye Zhuo had received more than 20 sports cars and other gifts…

This was too amazing!

At this time, the audience in the live stream channel had already risen from 1,300 to 3,300, and the number of people was still rising.

By the time the live stream ended, the number of viewers in the live stream channel had actually reached 10,000!

Seeing that the revenue for tonight was 8,000 yuan, Ye Zhuo brought everyone out to enjoy skewers.

After eating the barbecue, it was already almost 12 o’clock.

After taking a shower and coming out of the bathroom, Ye Zhuo suddenly remembered that the OS system was almost done. Thus, she turned on her computer and finished up the coding. Then, she logged onto the international website and sent a message to the client.

“Are you there?”

“Yes, God!” The other party replied very quickly.

“The OS system is ready. Should I send it to you now?”

When Li Qiandong saw this sentence on the screen, he was so surprised that he couldn’t even close his mouth. He quickly carried the computer and ran to Cen Shaoqing’s bedroom.

“Brother Fifth! Brother Fifth!”

Hearing the noise, Cen Shaoqing slowly closed the game page that he had just opened and turned his head to look. “What’s wrong?”

Li Qiandong raised the computer and said, “It’s done!”

“What’s done?”

“The OS! God has finished the OS system!”

Cen Shaoqing’s expression turned cold and he reached out his hand that was holding the Buddha beads. “Give me the computer.”

Li Qiandong immediately handed the computer to Cen Shaoqing.

The computer screen was still displaying the chat window. Cen Shaoqing immediately typed out some words and sent it over. “Please send it over now.”

Ye Zhuo quickly zipped the OS file and sent it over.

The OS system was a very large file. Logically speaking, it would take at least an hour for it to be sent over.

However, this zip file was sent over in less than three seconds.

This was very abnormal.

This could only mean one thing—The OS system was not done properly at all!

Li Qiandong frowned. “This is an empty file, right? To think that I thought Niohuru.YZ had really finished it.”

It was normal when he thought about it. The OS system could not even be completed by a team of a thousand people. No matter how powerful this God was, it was impossible for him to complete it in a short month’s time.

Li Qiandong’s face was filled with disappointment when he thought about it.

Cen Shaoqing did not have any expression on his face. He pursed his thin lips tightly. With one hand holding the Buddha bead and the other controlling the mouse, he calmly opened the file.

He had thought that it was an empty file, but he did not expect that the moment he opened it, there would be an overwhelming amount of data.

Cen Shaoqing narrowed his eyes slightly and quietly took in all of the data. Although he was looking at the computer screen, his fingers were typing rapidly on the keyboard.

At this moment, Li Qiandong looked petrified.

Holy sh*t!

It was really done!

The God was indeed a God!

Amazing!

He actually compressed a file that was tens of thousands of megabytes into such a small size.

At this moment, Li Qiandong only wanted to kneel on the ground and call out ‘Daddy’!

The sound of tapping on the keyboard stopped. Cen Shaoqing was as calm as ever. He slowly opened the chat window and replied to the message, “I’ve received the file.”

“What about the commission?” The other party replied very quickly.

Cen Shaoqing tapped on the keyboard word by word. “The commission is huge. Why don’t we meet up?”

It would be a lie to say that he was not curious about such a big god sitting across from him. Even the famous Fifth Master Cen was no exception.

‘Meet up?’

On the other end, Ye Zhuo hesitated for a moment before replying, “I’m in Yunjing. Where are you?”

“F*ck! The almighty God is also in Yunjing!” Upon seeing this, Li Qiandong jumped up excitedly. “Brother Fifth, when you guys meet up, remember to bring me along!”

He wanted to worship the god!

He wanted the god’s autograph!

He also wanted to introduce a girlfriend to the god!

The more Li Qiandong thought about it, the more excited he became. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Cen Shaoqing’s expression remained the same as he continued to type on the keyboard. “It’s a coincidence that I’m also in Yunjing. You can decide the time and address.”

Ye Zhuo thought for a moment, then typed a line of text and sent it over. “11 am on Saturday, 168 Jinzhong Road, Royal Cafe. Is there a problem?”