Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Chapter 67: As Promised, A Serious Face Slap!

“No problem.”

After some thought, Cen Shaoqing sent another line of text. “What’s your phone number? It’ll be easier to contact you then.”

Very soon, the other party sent his phone number over. “Send me yours as well.”

Cen Shaoqing took out his phone and saved the other party’s number. He checked it three times very seriously and then sent his own number over.

Soon, the other party replied, “See you on Saturday.”

Li Qiandong looked at the words on the screen and said, “Brother Fifth, what do you think god Niohuru looks like? Does he have a girlfriend? If he doesn’t have a girlfriend, I’ll introduce my sister to him! Coincidentally, my sister also mentioned that she plans to make a trip here to Yunjing!”

If that was the case, the god would be his brother-in-law in the future.

The more Li Qiandong thought about it, the more excited he became. It was as if the great god was already his brother-in-law.

Cen Shaoqing twirled the Buddhist beads. “Are you so sure that Niohuru is a man?”

“He’s definitely a man! He has to be a man! Can a woman be this amazing?” Li Qiandong said, “It’s not that I look down on women, but women are generally not that capable! When we were studying, how many women were able to get first place in the grade? How many women were able to be the top scholar in the country?”

It was a common saying that a man was indomitable. When had there ever been a saying that a woman was indomitable?

Some women were so scared that they cried out in fear when they saw caterpillars and cockroaches! They were extremely cowardly!

Would men be afraid of these things?

Therefore, in Li Qiandong’s heart, women were never comparable to men.

He felt that women were the type of people who were dependent on other humans. Without a man, a woman could not stand on her own.

Great god Niohuru.YZ was so capable, how could she be a woman?

It was absolutely impossible!

“You’ve got a really narrow worldview. Your hair is short, and your knowledge is also short!” The dark red Buddhist beads and tassels wrapped around Cen Shaoqing’s finger as he utter those words. He looked forward and slowly said, “In ancient times, Mulan joined the army, Mu Guiying was in command, and Wu Zetian was the emperor. From this, it can be seen that women can also stand tall!

“In modern society, men and women are equal. There’s something wrong with your way of thinking.”

Although Cen Shaoqing had no intention of getting married and starting a family, he did not have the slightest intention of looking down on women. He believed in the saying, ‘Born as a person, all living things are equal’.

Li Qiandong was stunned for a moment. “Brother Fifth, according to what you said, there’s a high possibility that great god Niohuru is a woman?”

Cen Shaoqing nodded slightly.

Li Qiandong could not control himself and laughed out loud. “Impossible! It’s simply impossible! Brother Fifth, if you don’t believe me, we can make a bet.”

“What do you want to bet on?” Cen Shaoqing looked back slightly.

“We’ll bet on whether the great god is a man or a woman. If the great god is a man, you will resume the engagement with Miss Mu!” As a good friend, Li Qiandong really did not want Cen Shaoqing to miss out on Mu Yourong, who was a complete gem in his eyes.

“Brother Fifth, do you dare to take the bet?”

Cen Shaoqing narrowed his eyes. “Sure! If you lose, you’re not allowed to discriminate against women anymore!”

“Alright!” Li Qiandong nodded. “It’s a deal!”

Afraid that Cen Shaoqing would go back on his word, Li Qiandong even gave him a high-five.

Cen Shaoqing was definitely going to lose this time!

Thinking that Cen Shaoqing could immediately resume his engagement with Mu Yourong, Li Qiandong was extremely excited. The vegetarian and kind Mu Yourong was an extremely good match for Cen Shaoqing!

Cen Shaoqing picked up his watch on the table and slowly put it on his strong wrist. “Get ready. We’ll be flying to Beijing in a while.”

Today was Tuesday, and there were only four days left before the agreed meeting time.

Four days was enough to take care of everything in the headquarters.

“Alright!” Li Qiandong nodded.

That night, the two of them boarded a private plane to Beijing.

…

At a certain express delivery company.

“Ye Sen, let’s break up,” a beautiful young woman said after hesitating for a long time as she stood in front of Ye Sen.

“Yiyi, are you kidding me? Oh right, you haven’t eaten yet, right? Come, let’s go grab something to eat!” Ye Sen had just returned from delivering the parcels. He had been so busy that he didn’t even have time to drink his saliva.

He had met his girlfriend, Li Yiyi, through gaming. They had known each other for three years in the game and one year in real life. The two of them were very close.

Seeing that they were about to get married, he didn’t expect Li Yiyi to break up with him.

There had been no warning at all. Therefore, when he heard the news, Ye Sen subconsciously thought that Li Yiyi was joking with him.

Li Yiyi looked at Ye Sen and said, “This is not a suitable place to talk about it. Let’s find a place to talk.”

“Okay.” Ye Sen nodded.

The two of them went to a nearby milk tea shop.

Ye Sen habitually went to buy a cup of Li Yiyi’s favorite red bean smoothie.

“You drink it.” Li Yiyi rejected the red bean smoothie that Ye Sen handed her.

Ye Sen smiled and said, “Yiyi, don’t you like to drink this red bean smoothie the most?”

“That was in the past. People change.” Li Yiyi looked up at Ye Sen and said seriously, “Ye Sen, let’s break up.”

Ye Sen looked at Li Yiyi in disbelief. “Why?”

Li Yiyi didn’t answer and asked instead, “Ye Sen, I heard that you cut off all ties with your parents and your sisters, right?”

“Yes.” Ye Sen nodded. “Yiyi, if you want to break up with me because of this, I can explain it to you. I’m definitely not the kind of person who is disloyal and unfilial…”

“No need to explain any further.” Li Yiyi raised her hand to stop Ye Sen from continuing. “Ye Sen, we are really not suitable for each other. If we continue, it will only make both sides more miserable. Rather than that, it’s better to end this relationship as soon as possible.”

Although Ye Sen was very good to her, pampered her, and gave her whatever she asked for, it was a fact that Ye Sen had cut off all relations with his parents.

Li Yiyi chose to be with Ye Sen because Ye Sen was a local. He was the second generation of the people whose original house had been demolished by the government, and as compensation, the government had given these families several other houses.

Moreover, Ye Sen’s eldest sister, Ye Shuang, was a wealthy lady. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Now, Li Yiyi knew the truth. Not only was Ye Sen not favored in the Ye family, but he was also kicked out of the family by his parents. Since that was the case, there was no need for her to be entangled with Ye Sen anymore.

Ye Sen didn’t even have a house. What happiness could he give her in the future?

“Yiyi, even if you want to break up, you have to give me a reason. What did I do wrong? I can change!” Ye Sen had given his heart to Li Yiyi. He had even made plans for their future together.

“There’s nothing to say! Ye Sen, let’s break up!” After saying that, Li Yiyi turned around and left.

Ye Sen quickly chased after her and grabbed Li Yiyi’s hand. His eyes were red as he said, “Yiyi! I don’t agree to break up!”

“Yiyi is my girlfriend now!”

At this moment, a black Volkswagen sedan appeared on the roadside. A man got out of the car and fiercely pushed Ye Sen away. Then, he hugged Li Yiyi in his arms and looked at Ye Sen with a smug expression.

“Yiyi, is he telling the truth?” Ye Sen raised his head and looked at Li Yiyi. He didn’t dare to say anything else.

“Yes, he’s my boyfriend!” Li Yiyi reached out and hugged the man’s fat waist.

The man was satisfied with her response. He smiled at Ye Sen. “Kid, why don’t you take a look at yourself? How can a poor person like you be worthy of Yiyi? You’re like a toad that wants to date a swan. What wishful thinking!”

The man’s name was Wang Chenglei. He was a local from Yunjing.

Although Wang Chenglei did not have good looks, his had a good family background. He had five houses and a small car. He was a real second-generation wealthy young master.

He was more than 10,000 times richer than Ye Sen. Otherwise, Li Yiyi would not be in a hurry to get rid of Ye Sen.

“You’re lying! Yiyi, tell me that this is all just an act! This is not true!” Ye Sen looked at Wang Chenglei with red eyes.

He tried hard to suppress the anger in his heart.

Wang Chenglei looked at Ye Sen with a face full of mockery. “Yiyi, tell this poor guy yourself, do you love me or him?”

Li Yiyi put her arm around Wang Chenglei’s waist and kissed him on the cheek, “Do you even need to ask? Of course I love you! Who is Ye Sen? He can’t even compare to a strand of your hair! Ye Sen, why don’t you look in the mirror and see what kind of person you are! You have no car, no house, and no savings. What part of you is worthy of having me?”

The cold and merciless words came out of Li Yiyi’s mouth one after another, and Ye Sen felt his emotions gradually disintegrating.

His three-year relationship with Li Yiyi was ultimately defeated by reality.

It was laughable.

It was pathetic.

“Did you hear that? Your ex-girlfriend now loves me deeply! She loves me! Poor boy, I’m warning you. If you dare to harass my girlfriend again in the future, I’ll kill you!” At the end of his speech, Wang Chenglei fiercely spat on the ground.

“Brother Wang, why are you wasting your time with such a person? Let’s go,” Li Yiyi said coquettishly.

“Let’s go!”

Wang Chenglei opened the car door and entered the car with Li Yiyi.

Dust flew everywhere as the car sped off and soon disappeared down the road, leaving Ye Sen standing by the roadside with a blank expression.

“Ah!” After a long time, Ye Sen still couldn’t accept the reality. He squatted on the ground and cried like a child.

Many people stared as him as they walked by.

After a long cry, life still had to go on.

In the afternoon, Ye Sen went back to delivering his packages.

Busyness could make one forget their worries for a short time, but after getting off work at night, sadness welled up in their hearts once again.

Ye Sen bought a bottle of Erguotou[1], and when he went home, he drank until he got drunk.

When Ye Zhuo came out of her room into the living room, she felt that something was wrong.

There was a strong smell of alcohol.

Who was drinking?

Ye Sen didn’t smoke or drink.

Ye Shu didn’t drink either.

Ye Zhuo followed the smell of alcohol and knocked on Ye Sen’s door.

After knocking for a long time, Ye Sen came to open the door drunkenly.

“Hehe! It’s my niece! Quick! Come in! Let’s… Burp! Let’s have a good drink tonight! Burp!” Ye Sen’s face was like a cooked shrimp, and his eyes were red.

He walked unsteadily as if he were stepping on cotton.

Ye Zhuo held him up and asked, “Uncle, are you okay?”

Ye Sen waved his hand. “I’m fine! I’m fine! I’m totally fine! Sob…”

As he laughed, Ye Sen suddenly cried.

“Uncle?” Ye Zhuo was shocked.

Other than the last time when he was at Ye Shuang’s house, she had never seen Ye Sen cry.

Ye Sen covered his face and squatted at a corner against the wall, crying loudly, “Zhuo Zhuo! Wuuu! Uwuuu! I’m heartbroken, uwuu, uwuuu…”

Ye Zhuo looked at Ye Sen in surprise. She had always thought that Ye Sen was a single man. She did not expect Ye Sen to have a girlfriend.

Surprised, Ye Zhuo quickly squatted down to comfort Ye Sen. Although Ye Sen was drunk, his mind were still clear. In a short while, Ye Zhuo had figured out the whole story.

“Uncle, this is a blessing in disguise. In fact, this is also a good thing for you.”

“Good thing?” Ye Sen burped. “I’m out of love, and you still say it’s a good thing! Are you my eldest niece or not?”

Ye Sen was about to cry again.

Ye Zhuo plopped herself on the floor like Ye Sen, “Uncle, based on what you’ve just told me, I can tell that Li Yiyi doesn’t love you at all. She loves your money and house. Now that she knows that you don’t have money or a house, she immediately revealed her true colors! It’s better to break up now than to find out her true colors when you get married in the future.

“You will definitely find someone better in the future.”

“Burp!” Ye Sen burped and looked up at Ye Zhuo as if he was comforted. “I… Can I really find someone better than Yiyi?”

Ye Zhuo nodded slightly. “Yes! Definitely!”

After saying that, Ye Zhuo continued, “It’s not worth it to be sad over such a person! You have to pull yourself together. When you become a rich man one day, she will regret it! At that time, we will smack her to death with money!”

Ye Sen laughed foolishly. “Yes, yes, yes! Smack her to death with money!”

As they chatted, Ye Sen was no longer as sad as before. His emotions gradually stabilized and he lay on the ground and fell asleep.

Ye Zhuo shook her head speechlessly and dragged Ye Sen to the bed.

Fortunately, she was strong enough. Otherwise, she would not have been able to drag the 160 pound Ye Sen.

Ye Zhuo was worried that Ye Sen would be upset when he woke up, so she did not go to the restaurant to help out. Instead, she took her computer to the living room, sat on the sofa and livestreamed herself playing chess.

‘Good evening, Miss Streamer.’

“Good evening.”

‘Congratulations, Miss Streamer! Yesterday, your video was ranked top 3 on Bilibili’s homepage!’

‘Yes, yes, yes! I saw it too.’

[Account Notification: Heaven-toppling Purple Gold Hammer 1225 gifted a sports car!] ‘Congratulations, Streamer!’

[Account Notification: That Dog! gifted fireworks!] ‘Congratulations Streamer, for being in the top three!’

‘I’m here because I saw your video on Bilibili!’

‘+1’

‘Checking in!’

It was then that Ye Zhuo realized that her fan base had already exceeded 50,000! The number of viewers in her live stream channel had also reached more than 10,000.

When she logged off last night, the number of fans she had had barely reached 10,000.

It seemed that this Bilibili website was quite impressive.

‘Miss Streamer, are you really not considering to show us your face?’

Ye Zhuo’s tone was indifferent as she said, “If any of you can beat me, I’ll reveal my face immediately.”

At this moment, a message popped up on the computer screen. [Account Notification: Mr. Xiao Wan V has issued a challenge to you.]

‘Mr. Xiao Wan?

‘Who is this?

‘I don’t know him!’

Ye Zhuo was just about to reject him when the comments section exploded.

‘Ah! Ah! Ah! It’s Mr. Xiao Wan! Miss, quickly agree!’

‘What the f*ck! Mr. Xiao Wan? Could he have also watched the video on Bilibili?’

‘Miss Streamer, you’re gaining popularity!’

‘No! Miss Streamer, you’re already popular!’

“Is this Mr. Xiao Wan very capable?” Ye Zhuo asked.

‘Mr. Xiao Wan is a VIP on the website. He has more than 10 million fans! He is a chess expert who used to play professionally!’

‘Ah, I’m crying! Miss Streamer, I can’t believe you don’t even know who Mr. Xiao Wan is.’

“He’s so amazing?” Ye Zhuo raised her eyebrows slightly and then clicked to accept the challenge.

Seeing that Ye Zhuo accepted the challenge without even batting an eyelid, the comments section was filled with a pile of gifts again.

Ye Zhuo noticed that every time she refreshed the page to check on the gifts, there was a certain person by the moniker Purple Gold Hammer 1225 who showered her with tons of gifts. She smiled and teased, “This Purple Gold Hammer friend, does your family own a mine?”

‘My house owns ten gold mountains!’

‘F*ck! Even rich people want to get close to Miss Streamer!’

‘A rich guy has been captured!’

At this moment, the live stream of the other player was connected, and the face of the other player was revealed.

Mr. Xiao Wan was a man in his thirties. He looked very delicate, and the comments section was filled with the words ‘My husband is so handsome!’ and ‘Go, Hubby!’.

Ye Zhuo greeted politely, “Hello, Mr. Xiao Wan.”

“Hello.” Mr. Xiao Wan adjusted the microphone. “Can we start now?”

His voice was very nice and warm. One of the reasons why Mr. Xiao Wan was so popular was because of his melodious voice.

“Sure.”

Mr. Xiao Wan clicked on the start button. “I’ve been to the national finals. I’ll give you a head start and let you have three pieces.”

As he said that, he disabled two chariots and one cannon.

Ye Zhuo also disabled two chariots and one cannon. “Mr. Xiao Wan, it’s not certain who will win or lose. I’m not used to being given a head start.”

Mr. Xiao Wan nodded with a smile and said somewhat helplessly, “Alright.”

As the game finally began, the comments section was flooded with comments.

‘Go, Streamer!’

‘Mr. Xiao Wan is a professional after all. It’s not shameful to lose! Go, Little Missy!’

‘All the best!’

On the other side, Mr. Xiao Wan’s live stream channel was flooded with a different string of comments.

‘This newbie streamer is so arrogant! She actually thinks that she can win Xiao Wan? Is she a sand sculpture?’

‘The newbie streamer is dreaming!’

‘She is indeed a little boastful.’

‘She doesn’t appreciate Xiao Wan’s kindness! Hubby, torture her! Ruthlessly torture her!’

Meanwhile, the situation on the chessboard had become more and more tense.

As usual, Ye Zhuo was being nonchalant. The game had already reached the point where she was in hot water, but she was still in the mood to joke with her fans.

In the comments section, someone asked Ye Zhuo, what if she lost?

“Lose? Are you joking? Don’t you know Daddy’s motto?”

‘Miss Streamer, are you for real? By the looks of how the game is progressing, I can’t believe you’re still bragging!’

There were even quite a few of Mr. Xiao Wan’s fans who came to her live stream channel specifically to scold Ye Zhuo for being arrogant.

Ye Zhuo ignored them. Instead, she said in a faint tone, “Mr. Xiao Wan, pay attention. I’m about to checkmate.”

Mr. Xiao Wan was stunned.

All the steps he had taken so far were in his favor. How could the other party checkmate him?

Ye Zhuo reminded him, “My horse is about to eat your general.”

Only then did Mr. Xiao Wan react. He quickly moved his general out of the way, as a layer of cold sweat appeared on his forehead.

Ye Zhuo then moved her cannon over. “Check.”

Mr. Xiao Wan would lose if he retreated, and he would also lose if he advanced. He was in a dilemma.

He had underestimated this newbie.

What should he do now? If he lost, where would he hide his face? After all, he was a well-known VIP player! How would he look if he lost to a newbie?

Since Mr. Xiao Wan had nowhere else to go, Ye Zhuo immediately ended the game with a checkmate. “Mr. Xiao Wan, thank you for letting me win.”

The comments section exploded.

“How could our Mr. Xiao Wan lose!”

‘Mr. Xiao Wan deliberately went easy on her, didn’t he?’

‘He definitely went easy on her!’

Mr. Xiao Wan looked at the comments section and left a message. “Hitara is a girl after all. Ladies first. It’s only right.”

‘My husband is so gentlemanly!’

‘I love my husband so much!’

‘The other party, what’s there to be proud of? Our husband went easy on you! Otherwise, did you think you would win?’

Ye Zhuo was about to log off when she saw this comment, then her expression froze, “Mr. Xiao Wan, what do you mean? Please explain yourself. What’s wrong with me being a girl? Can’t a girl beat you? Do you mean that you intentionally let me win just now? Do you think I need you to let me win?”

Let? She won with her own strength, so why did he say that he had let her win?

Mr. Xiao Wan smiled and said, “Actually, your chess skills are also very good.”

What did he mean by “Also very good”?

“Let’s play again.” Ye Zhuo did not waste any time.

Play again? Mr. Xiao Wan, who was on the other end of the screen, frowned. This Hitara’s chess skills were very profound. Even if they played again, he would not be able to win against her.

“It’s very late now. Why don’t we leave a private contact number and have another chess competition when we have the time?” He was a VIP on the platform and had an annual income of more than ten million from the platform. Usually, countless female streamers wanted to have tea and chat with him. This time, he took the initiative to give this girl his contact information. She should be very happy! After all, not everyone had the honor.

“Mr. Xiao Wan, either you make it clear, or we’ll play again!”

Mr. Xiao Wan maintained his smile. “Winning or losing is just a result. There’s no need to be so serious, right?”

“You don’t dare to play another game with me?” Ye Zhuo raised her eyebrows slightly.

‘She’s gone overboard! Hubby, if you want to play again, play again! Don’t let her win this time!’

‘Hubby, teach her some manners!’

‘…’

The fans’ enthusiasm was so great that Mr. Xiao Wan had no choice but to accept the challenge. Seeing that the situation was about to go down south, his assistant, who was by his side, immediately took out his phone and helped him download a strategy to crack the chess game.

With this strategy, was he afraid that he could not win?

Mr. Xiao Wan heaved a sigh of relief and said with a smile, “Since Hitara doesn’t want to thank me for my graciousness, don’t worry. I won’t let her win this time.”

‘A woman who doesn’t even dare to show her face is not worth letting her win!’

‘That’s right, that’s right!’

‘Ahhh! Hubby spoils his fans so much!’

The game began.

Mr. Xiao Wan kept following his assistant’s instructions.

Mr. Xiao Wan’s chess strategy was obviously different from the previous game. Ye Zhuo raised her eyebrows slightly when she noticed it. This time, she was determined to end the game quickly. Otherwise, she would have played around a little more with Mr. Xiao Wan just for fun.

Therefore, within ten steps, she blocked all of Mr. Xiao Wan’s escape routes.

“My two cannons have cornered your general. Mr. Xiao Wan, thank you for the game.”

Mr. Xiao Wan’s face turned white immediately. He had been following the strategy on the phone. How did he lose?

His assistant, who was by his side side, was also dumbfounded. He did not expect that someone could actually win the phone!

‘Little Missy is so amazing!’

‘I’m a converted fan! I’m in love with you!’

‘F*ck! Little Sister is so awesome.’

‘Guy next door, don’t lie again this time! Admit your defeat!’

‘Hahaha! This is a huge slap to his face! I’m so embarrassed for the guy next door.’

The fans of Mr. Xiao Wan in the other channel instantly quieted down. They were embarrassed!

Without saying another word, Ye Zhuo directly cut off the intercom. And this time, the intercom with Mr. Xiao Wan immediately rose to the top 1 of the live streaming platform’s trending searches.

In just ten minutes, the video click rate had exceeded 100,000! However, Ye Zhuo did not know about this. After she went offline, she continued playing some other games.

When Ye Shu came back in the evening, Ye Zhuo told Ye Shu about Ye Sen’s breakup. Hearing this, Ye Shu was stunned. It was obvious that she had not known about Ye Sen’s relationship either. “It’s good news that this kind of girl is no longer with him. If they really got married, it would just spell trouble for him in the future.”

It was said that a good wife would bring less trouble to her husband, but that Li Yiyi was clearly not a good person.

Ye Zhuo nodded. “I think so too.”

After saying that, Ye Zhuo continued, “Mom, how’s business at the restaurant today?”

“Very good. There was a two-hour long queue outside the restaurant tonight,” Ye Shu replied.

Ye Zhuo thought for a moment. “Why don’t we rent the two shops next door?”

Ye Shu thought about the turnover for the past few days and said, “I heard that the rental fee will be lower soon. Why don’t we wait a little longer?”

“Sure.” Ye Zhuo nodded slightly.

The next morning, Ye Zhuo came back from her jog and saw Ye Sen sitting in the dining room, having breakfast. The two of them looked at each other and smiled. Neither of them said anything. Seeing that Ye Sen was in a better mood, Ye Zhuo heaved a sigh of relief.

After breakfast, Ye Zhuo went to school. As soon as she walked out of the house, she saw Zhao Pingting waving at her from afar.

“Zhuo Zhuo!”

“Pingting.” Ye Zhuo jogged over.

Zhao Pingting was panting as she ran. Her face was covered in sweat.

Ye Zhuo smiled and said, “Why are you in such a hurry?”

“I was afraid that you had already left.” Zhao Pingting’s family was very strict. She was in Grade 12 and was not allowed to have her own phone, so she could not contact Ye Zhuo in advance.

Ye Zhuo said, “Since I agreed to wait for you, I will definitely wait for you.”

Zhao Pingting then took out her breakfast. “This is the omelet my mother made for me. Try it, Zhuo Zhuo.”

Ye Zhuo had always welcomed delicious food. She took the omelet and took a bite. “Wow, it’s so delicious! Auntie’s cooking is not bad!”

Zhao Pingting said a little embarrassedly, “Maybe that’s why all our family members are fat.”

Ye Zhuo slowly finished the omelet and then said, “Pingting, have you ever thought about losing weight? Excessive obesity could cause fatty liver and affect health problems.”

Zhao Pingting was stunned.

Ye Zhuo smiled and said, “Pingting, look at how good-looking you are. You’ll definitely look better if you lose weight!”

“R-Really?” Zhao Pingting asked a little embarrassedly.

“Of course.” Ye Zhuo nodded. “Haven’t you heard of the saying, ‘Every fat person has potential.'”

“But, I don’t think I can lose weight.” Zhao Pingting continued, “I’ve tried going on diet before. I even fainted from hunger, but I still haven’t lost any weight.”

Which girl didn’t like to look beautiful?

Zhao Pingting had tried to loose weight in the past, but despite trying out various methods, she still couldn’t lose weight.

“Actually, you don’t have to go on a diet to lose weight. I know a method. Go back and try it. As long as you can persevere, you don’t have to go on a diet to see the effect.”

Zhao Pingting was feeling hopeful once again. “I really don’t have to go on a diet?”

Ye Zhuo continued, “But this method needs to be combined with exercise. I get up at 5:30 every morning to run. If you want to lose weight, you can run with me every morning from now on.”

5:30 am?

If it were 5:30 am in the summer, it wouldn’t be a problem. However, if it were 5:30 am in the winter, the skies would still be dark.

Zhao Pingting was a little hesitant.

Seeing her so hesitant, Ye Zhuo decided to add fuel to the fire. “Pingting, we are already in our third year of high school this year. We are about to enter university soon. Don’t you want a brand new university life?”

Hearing this, Zhao Pingting’s originally wavering heart instantly became firm. For a brand new life, she would risk it all!

“Okay, Zhuo Zhuo! I’ll join you on your run tomorrow!”

Ye Zhuo nodded. “When we get to school, I’ll write down my special method for you.”

“Okay.”

The first class in the morning was Chinese class. The Chinese teacher was Jiang Wenhui.

Jiang Wenhui stood on the podium, holding the test papers from the previous few days. “Our class’s students are so smart! We only have a total of 36 ordinary classes in the entire grade, yet our class actually scored third from the bottom! Smart! Really too smart!”

This tone! If it were someone who didn’t know the teacher well enough, they would think that their class had scored third from the top.

“Oh my God! It’s amazing that our class has such good discipline, and on top of that, why are our results so good? You guys are really a bunch of geniuses! I really like you guys to death!”

The students below the stage were all as quiet as mice. They held back their laughter and did not dare to make a sound.

Jiang Wenhui knocked on the blackboard and continued, “Now, let me distribute the test papers.”

“Li Min: 101, Sun Dawu: 102, Zhang Li: 115, Zhao Pingting: 118….”

The test papers were distributed according to the students’ scores from low to high.

“Ye Zhuo 141.”

When she read Ye Zhuo’s test scores, a smile appeared on Jiang Wenhui’s face. ‘She is a good seedling! She would fare even better if only she would put in some effort.’

Ye Zhuo stood up and went to the podium to get her paper.

Hearing this, everyone looked at Ye Zhuo.

She scored 141 points in Chinese! How did she do it? She scored the highest in the entire class! She was too amazing!

Jiang Wenhui held Ye Zhuo’s paper and asked, “Student Ye, do you know what you did wrongly?”

“Fill in the blanks?” Ye Zhuo asked.

Knowing what he did wrongly proved that there was still hope. Jiang Wenhui unfolded Ye Zhuo’s test paper. It was rare for the teacher to not speak sarcastically. “Student Ye Zhuo, you only had two points deducted from your essay. Your reading comprehension was all correct. But for the last section of the test, why did you fill in the blanks all wrong? This is a free question! As long as you spend some effort to memorize the text, you wouldn’t have lost all seven points here! Don’t you think it’s a pity to have all these seven points deducted?”

“You scored full marks in Mathematics, full marks in English, and 296 points in the comprehensive Science examination! Student Ye, do you have a problem with me?”

Hearing this, the students below the stage sucked in a breath of cold air. With her total score added up, it was likely that even the students from the ace class would not be able to surpass her scores!

Ye Zhuo’s attitude of admitting her mistake was very sincere. “Teacher, I know my mistake now. I’ll pay attention next time.”

Jiang Wenhui patted Ye Zhuo’s shoulder. “Teacher believes in you! Strive to do better in the next mid-term exam to make our class proud!”

The mid-term exam rankings would be posted on the honor roll on campus. In the past, the honor roll spots had been snatched away by students from the ace classes. This time, it was finally their turn!

Ye Zhuo nodded.

Jiang Wenhui handed the exam paper to Ye Zhuo and said, “All of you should also learn from Student Ye. Don’t be so lazy every day. It’s the third year of high school! Students! We’re in the third year of high school! Let’s do our best!”

“Yes, Teacher!” The students below the stage were enthusiastic.

Jiang Wenhui nodded in satisfaction.

…

Time passed quickly. In the blink of an eye, it was Saturday.

At exactly 5:30 in the morning, Ye Zhuo went out for a run as usual. Zhao Pingting was already waiting for her in her sportswear.

“Zhuo Zhuo.”

Ye Zhuo jogged over.

After the run, Zhao Pingting invited Ye Zhuo out for lunch.

Ye Zhuo said, “I have an appointment at noon. Why don’t we hang out tonight? Let’s invite Lizi and go out for a kebab.”

“Okay!” Zhao Pingting nodded.

At 11 am, Ye Zhuo arrived at the Royal Café on time. She turned on her phone and sent a message to her client. “I’m here. Where are you?”

“Third floor, Room L9.” The other party replied very quickly.

“I’ll be there soon.” Ye Zhuo walked into the café.

Meanwhile, in the Private Room L9 on the third floor.

The overall decoration of the private room was relatively simple and elegant, leaning towards a traditional style. Wherever one looked, there were classical carving techniques. The gentle breeze and the jingling of the beaded curtains made people feel very comfortable.

Li Qiandong walked around the room with a face full of excitement. He was going to meet the god soon! He was so excited!

“Brother Fifth, what do you think of me? Am I handsome today? Is my hair style cool?”

Cen Shaoqing was sitting on a wooden chair by the window, holding a prayer bead in his hand. Compared to Li Qiandong, he was extremely calm. The green incense burner next to him was burning a sandalwood incense. At this moment, smoke was rising, giving him a mysterious look.

Seeing that Cen Shaoqing did not answer him, Li Qiandong turned around and asked his sister, who sat beside him, “Qianmei, what do you think of Brother today? Am I handsome?”

Li Meimei smiled and said, “Handsome, handsome, handsome! My brother is the most handsome guy!”

“That’s great!” After saying that, Li Qiandong felt that something was not right again. “No, no, I have to change my clothes. What if the god is not as handsome as me and his fashion sense is not as good as mine? Will he feel inferior when he sees me like this?”

Li Meimei said speechlessly, “Brother, don’t bother. He should be here soon.”

In his excitement to finally meet Niohuru.YZ, Li Qiandong had already changed his clothes more than ten times and changed his style more than ten times.

“That’s right! The god will be here soon. There’s no time left!” In desperation, Li Qiandong could only mess up his hair and try to make himself look sloppy. He did not want to steal the god’s limelight.

Li Qiandong then instructed Li Meimei, “Qianmei, let me tell you, God Niohuru.YZ is very powerful! You must seize the opportunity later! Let the god see you! A tech nerd god like him has probably never seen a beauty under normal circumstances. You’re so beautiful, I believe you can definitely make him fall in love with you!”

“Brother, you’re thinking too much!” Li Meimei said, “Maybe he already has a girlfriend! Besides, most tech nerds are bald. Do you think that God Niohuru.YZ is also bald?”

Tech geeks liked to stay up late to code. Staying up late was equivalent to being bald. Li Meimei’s worries were not without reason.

Li Qiandong scratched his hair. “If I had known, I would have gone bald! I wonder if the great god would feel inferior when he sees my exuberant hair volume!”

Li Meimei felt that her brother was thinking too much.

“Brother, a great god with such capability should be very old. Do you think that Niohuru could be fifty to sixty years old?”

Li Qiandong touched his chin. “It’s very possible. If I had known earlier, I would have dyed my hair white! What if the god sees that I’m younger and more handsome than him? What if I make him unhappy?”

Li Meimei rolled her eyes speechlessly.

Knock! Knock! Knock!

Just then, there was a sudden knock on the door.

Cen Shaoqing, who was originally resting with his eyes closed, suddenly opened his eyes. The depths of his eyes were as deep as ink. One could not see the bottom of it at all.

“I’ll open the door.” Li Meimei ran to open the door.

“Wait!” Li Qiandong pulled Li Meimei back.

“What’s wrong?”

Li Qiandong held back his excitement. “I’ll do it! I’ll open the door for the almighty god!”

As soon as he finished speaking, Li Qiandong walked over to open the door. As he did so, his hands were trembling.

Creak—

The door opened.

A slender figure stood outside the door. She was wearing a simple white shirt with the hem of her shirt tucked into her pants. She looked somewhat unruly and had a tall figure. She was a little cold and somewhat indescribably handsome.

Why was she a girl?

Li Qiandong was stunned for a moment and raised his head to look at her face.

When he saw her, Li Qiandong was immediately stunned. He looked at her with a disappointed expression.

‘Isn’t this Ye Zhuo? Why is Ye Zhuo here?

‘Could she have known that Cen Shaoqing was here today and that’s why she came looking for him? She even came here in such a hurry! Isn’t she a little too shameless?’

“It’s you?” Li Qiandong’s tone was a little unpleasant.

Ye Zhuo also didn’t expect the client to be Li Qiandong and nodded slightly. “It’s me.”

“Why are you here?” Li Qiandong asked, “You’re not here to look for my Brother Fifth, are you? Let me tell you, Brother Fifth already has a fiancée…”

Ye Zhuo took a step back.

That’s right. This was room L9. She hadn’t come to the wrong place.

Ye Zhuo continued, “I’m Niohuru.YZ, and you’re… Mr. Cen?”

‘Wh-what?’

At this moment, Li Qiandong thought that he was hearing things.

Ye Zhuo was Niohuru.YZ? How was that possible! Who was Niohuru.YZ? It couldn’t be Ye Zhuo! After all, Ye Zhuo was a well-known piece of trash in Yunjing!

At this moment, a slender figure walked out of the room. As he stood against the light, his facial features were shrouded in shadows. He extended his hand towards her and said, “Hello, I’m Cen Shaoqing.”

“Niohuru, Ye Zhuo.” Ye Zhuo didn’t act pretentious and directly reached out to shake his hand.

The girl’s hand wasn’t as rough as a man’s. It was as delicate as jade. Her touch reminded Cen Shaoqing of the Suet Jade he had obtained in an auction house a long time ago. This was the first time Cen Shaoqing knew that there was such a big difference between a man and a woman.

Li Qiandong, who was beside him, was stunned.

No, he could not just watch Cen Shaoqing fall for it.

“How can she be Niohuru.YZ? Brother Fifth, you must not be deceived by her!”

Cen Shaoqing glared at Li Qiandong. Although it was only a faint glare, it made Li Qiandong shiver.

Li Qiandong felt like dying from Cen Shaoqing’s stupidity. Even if he were using his toes to think, he knew that Ye Zhuo could not be a tech god!

Ignoring Li Qiandong, Cen Shaoqing tilted his head to look at Ye Zhuo and explained gently, “His brain is not in a good condition, don’t bother with him.”

Ye Zhuo nodded, indicating that he would not bother with people with bad brains.

Cen Shaoqing made a respectful gesture. “Please come in.”

Ye Zhuo entered the room.

Sandalwood incense curled up in the room, and the beaded curtains tinkled. The decorations were very elegant.

Li Meimei did not expect that great god Niohuru would look like this. He was not a man! He was not old! And he was not bald! Instead, he was very young and very beautiful.

What kind of beauty had Li Meimei not seen in the capital? But this was really the first time she had seen such a beauty.

If this person were to arrive in the capital, he would probably cause a tsunami that would shake the earth and the mountains. Li Meimei was stunned for a moment before she hurriedly brewed tea.

“Have a sit.” Cen Shaoqing twirled the Buddha beads in one hand and beckoned Ye Zhuo to sit down with the other. He was extremely gentlemanly.

After Ye Zhuo sat down, Li Meimei hurriedly served the tea that she had brewed. “Please have some tea, Guru.”

“Thank you.”

Ye Zhuo took a sip of tea. “I don’t have much time. Let’s get straight to the point and talk about the commission.”

Cen Shaoqing looked at his assistant beside him. The assistant quickly took out the check that he had prepared beforehand. Cen Shaoqing took the check and pushed it in front of Ye Zhuo. “You can fill in the amount.”

This client were really rich. Ye Zhuo did not stand on ceremony. He picked up the pen and lowered his eyes to fill in a string of numbers. Then, just as he was prepared to push the check in front of Cen Shaoqing so that client could look at it, unexpectedly, Cen Shaoqing did not even look at it and said directly, “Just keep it well. I will never go back on my words.”

The client was really confident! And rich!

Ye Zhuo kept the check.

Cen Shaoqing clapped his hands and someone immediately took a computer over. “Miss Ye, I have a set of data with problems. Can you take a look?”

“Sure.” Ye Zhuo nodded slightly. Since this client of hers was so generous with her pay, she couldn’t be too stingy. It was just a set of data.

The assistant handed the computer to Ye Zhuo. After taking a look, Ye Zhuo said, “It’s not a big problem. Give me ten minutes.”

Then, the sound of typing could be heard in the quiet space.

After a minute or two, Ye Zhuo suddenly stopped and looked up at Cen Shaoqing. “What’s going on here?”

Cen Shaoqing walked over and stood behind Ye Zhuo. “Where?”

Ye Zhuo pointed at the computer screen. “Here.”

Because it was backlit, it was hard to see clearly. Cen Shaoqing leaned slightly and held the table with one hand while pointing at the computer screen with the other. “This is a collection of data that multiple users are using to cover each other…”

As he was explaining, Cen Shaoqing realized how close the two of them were. From the looks of it, it was as if his entire body was enveloping her. His chin even touched her hair a little. It was soft, just like a top-quality silk. It also carried a faint fragrance.

Ye Zhuo was so focused on the data that she did not realize the two of them were so close. They were so close that whenever she turned her head, her red lips would brush past his chin.

After explaining the data, Cen Shaoqing straightened his body and sat back in his original position. He picked up the teacup and took a sip of tea. As the green tea entered his mouth, he managed to suppress the heat in his heart.

Ye Zhuo looked at the computer very seriously. As she lowered her eyes slightly, her long eyelashes cast a faint shadow on her under-eye. Her jade-like fingers typed rapidly on the silver keyboard. She looked both beautiful and cold at the same time.

Li Qiandong stood at the side in a daze and looked at Ye Zhuo. His pupils slowly widened. At this moment, Li Qiandong finally reacted…

She really was Niohuru.YZ! Ye Zhuo was the god that he worshipped!

There was no way an ordinary person could manipulate such complicated data.

…

Ten minutes later, Ye Zhuo handed the computer back to Cen Shaoqing. “Check if there are any other problems?”

Cen Shaoqing took the computer. “There are no more problems.”

The problem that others could not solve despite working on it for two months had only taken her ten minutes. If he had not seen it with his own eyes, Cen Shaoqing would never have believed that an eighteen-year-old girl would have such ability.

He wondered if the Mu family would regret it when they found out that they had switched watermelon for a sesame seed.

After all, it was the head of the Mu family who had taken the initiative to sign the severance agreement with Ye Zhuo. With her character, if the Mu family had not taken things to such extreme, she would definitely remember their kindness of raising her for so many years.

It was a pity. In the future, all of her glory would have nothing to do with the Mu family.

“G-God, I’m sorry.” Li Qiandong walked in front of Ye Zhuo and apologized with a blushing face. This was the first time Li Qiandong knew that there was really a girl who could be so amazing! He wished he could beat himself to death.

Stupid. He was really too stupid.

Ye Zhuo looked at him and said, “It’s fine.”

When he heard Ye Zhuo say that it was fine, Li Qiandong heaved a sigh of relief. Then, he took out the white shirt that he had prepared beforehand and said, “God, can I have your autograph please?”

[1] Chinese liquor