Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 68: How Dare They Insult Her?

Ye Zhuo was stunned for a moment. It was obvious that she did not expect Li Qiandong to ask for her autograph. However, she was only stunned for a moment before she picked up the pen and signed her moniker, Niohuru.YZ, on the white shirt.

She had strong and powerful handwriting. The strokes of her signature were dignified and majestic. It was very beautiful.

There was a saying that one could see a person’s characteristic from their writing. If one looked at her handwriting, no one would have guessed that the person who wrote it was a girl.

Among all the people that Li Qiandong had met in his life, other than Cen Shaoqing, no one else was qualified to be compared to her.

Thinking this, Li Qiandong was stunned again.

Ye Zhuo’s handwriting was so beautiful.

Why were there rumors of her being a good-for-nothing who could not even read Chinese characters? Rumors and slander was really capable of ruining one’s life! If it weren’t for those unrealistic rumors, he wouldn’t have misunderstood Ye Zhuo and almost offended the person he worshipped the most. Now that he thought about it, it was too late for regrets.

After signing the autograph, Ye Zhuo returned the shirt to Li Qiandong and turned around to say goodbye to Cen Shaoqing.

‘Leaving so soon?’

Cen Shaoqing’s hand that was twirling the Buddha beads paused. “Add me on WeChat?”

“Sure.” Ye Zhuo nodded. “Do I add you or are you going to add me?”

“I’ll add you.” Cen Shaoqing took out his phone.

The two of them successfully added each other on WeChat.

Ye Zhuo picked up her backpack and turned to walk out of the door. Her slender waist was very straight, and there was a certain coldness and brightness in her beauty.

Cen Shaoqing was one step ahead of her. His slender fingers lifted the bead curtain in front of the door, and said in a deep voice above Ye Zhuo’s head. “Where do you live, Miss Ye? Shall I ask the driver to give you a ride?”

“Thank you, but there’s no need,” Ye Zhuo declined politely.

‘No need?’

Cen Shaoqing was stunned.

He had been in a high position since he was young. All these years, he had been used to being flattered, but this was the first time he had been rejected.

Moreover, the other party was a young girl.

So this was what it felt like to be rejected…

Cen Shaoqing stood by the beaded curtain and watched the slender figure disappear into the elevator before he retracted his gaze.

Li Qiandong sighed and said, “Brother Fifth, I never thought that Miss Ye was the great god Niohuru…” If he had not seen it with his own eyes, Li Qiandong would never have believed it.

This feeling was too magical.

“So, do you still dare to discriminate against women in the future?” Cen Shaoqing raised his eyebrows slightly.

“…I don’t dare to anymore.”

Li Qiandong really did not dare anymore. The events of today had really renewed his worldview.

In the past, he thought that men were capable of doing anything. However, now he knew that women could also stand tall! For example, people like Ye Zhuo.

“Fifth Master Cen, Brother, what are you guys talking about? Why can’t I understand a thing?” Li Meimei asked in puzzlement, “Why did you assume that Miss Ye could not have been the great god Niohuru?”

Although Ye Zhuo was a little young and was still a girl, she did not have the slightest bit of the delicate air of a little girl. Instead, she was exceptionally domineering. Standing beside Cen Shaoqing, she was not inferior at all!

In Li Meimei’s heart, this was the attitude that a god should have!

Li Qiandong continued, “The god is the fake daughter of the Mu family that I told you about before…”

Li Meimei covered her mouth in surprise. “Fifth Master’s ex-fiancée?”

Li Qiandong nodded.

“What?! It’s fate!” Li Meimei exclaimed in surprise. “If no one had found out about the god’s true origins as a Ye family member, she would’ve married Fifth Master Cen?”

‘Married?’ Hearing this, Cen Shaoqing’s fingers that were twirling the Buddha beads paused. He closed his eyes and his thick, black eyelashes covered the bottom of his eyes.

…

Ye Zhuo went straight to the bank. Because it was noon, there wasn’t anyone in the lobby.

The receptionist was a lazy one. Seeing that Ye Zhuo was a little girl, she was even more lazy to respond. She asked casually, “May I know what business are you here to handle?”

Ye Zhuo’s tone was indifferent. “I need to transfer the amount on this check to my bank card.”

“Okay.” The lady at the counter glanced at Ye Zhuo. “Please show me your bank card, identity card, and check.”

Ye Zhuo took out her bank card, identity card, and check.

When she saw the check, the lady at the counter’s originally lazy expression instantly turned into shock.

Holy sh*t!

Was she seeing things?

One zero, two zeros, three zeros, four zeros… Six Zeros… Seven Zeros?

Ninety million!

Her laziness disappeared in an instant. The receptionist was suddenly all smiles. “Hello, Miss Ye. May I know if you need to any help to handle your finances? I can recommend a few good packages to you…”

Ye Zhuo looked up slightly. “How much balance do I have in my card?” In addition to the OS system, she had also done a lot of small tasks in the past few days. Since they were just minor payments, she had not kept track of them.

“Please wait a moment, let me take a look. “The lady behind the counter checked the balance and said, “Excluding the money on the check, you have 12.68 million current deposits in your card.”

“In that case, I’ll withdraw the change from and purchase the financial management package you mentioned.” Ye Zhuo’s tone said nonchalantly.

‘Change?

‘How much was the change?’

The lady looked at the balance on the card. The change was 680,000.

“May I ask if you want to use this 680,000 to purchase the package?”

Ye Zhuo raised her eyebrows slightly. “Didn’t you say that I still have 12.68 million in my card? Use the change of 268 to buy it.”

Ye Zhuo said it so simply, as if 2 million yuan was only 2 yuan in her eyes.

F*ck! It turned out that in the eyes of the rich, 2 million yuan was just a small amount.

“Okay! I’ll handle it for you right away!” The counter lady’s heart was bursting with joy.

After working for so long, she finally met a living rich woman!

With this woman purchasing 2 million yuan of financial management package product, she could get at least 20,000 yuan as a commission!

After leaving the bank, Ye Zhuo got into a taxi and set off for Shengdong Express Company.

Shengdong Express Company was also the express delivery company that Ye Sen was currently working at.

The acquisition of the company was not a spur-of-the-moment idea. She had already planned for it. A week ago, Ye Zhuo had already figured out the details of Shengdong Express Company.

Shengdong Express Company was part of a relatively new industry. As its founder had invested in other projects overseas, it caused a shortage of funds. The current situation of the express delivery company was not good. Two months ago, the owners thought of selling the company. However, because they couldn’t come to an agreement on the price with the buyers, it had been delayed until now, the main reason being that few people understood the express delivery industry as it was still a relatively new industry.

Ye Sen had been in the express delivery industry for ten years, and he was experienced. Ye Zhuo felt that he definitely had the ability to bring this company back to life!

About twenty minutes later, the taxi stopped at the gate of the headquarters of Shengdong Express.

Because Shengdong Express was still developing, it had not opened branches and scaled up to other parts of the country. At present, the company was only located in the Yunjing Province.

“Young Lady, who are you looking for?” Ye Zhuo had just entered when she was stopped by the customer service staff at the front desk.

Ye Zhuo smiled slightly. “My surname is Ye. I’m looking for Director Wu.”

“Please follow me this way.”

Ye Zhuo followed behind the customer service staff. Soon, they arrived at the chairman’s office. The customer service staff knocked on the door. “Director Wu, Miss Ye is here.”

“Please come in.”

Ye Zhuo pushed the door open and entered.

Director Wu was in his fifties this year. Recently, he had been worrying about the company’s matters and could not sleep at all. Half of his hair had turned white.

His express delivery company had only been open for a year and was initially in good shape. He had not expected that there would suddenly be a crisis in his other foreign investments.

In addition to the fact that all the major express delivery companies had joined forces to monopolize the market, business had been getting more and more sluggish recently. At the moment, he had no choice but to sell the company to stop his losses.

When he saw that the person who came was a seventeen or eighteen-year-old girl, Director Wu was stunned for a moment before he asked, “May I ask if you’re Miss Ye’s assistant?”

Ye Zhuo smiled slightly. “I’m Ye Zhuo.”

‘What? She’s Ye Zhuo?’

“Little girl, don’t joke with me! Oh right, you’re Miss Ye’s daughter, right? Where’s your mother?” Although his express delivery company had already gone downhill, but the price to buy over the company still required a considerable sum of money. How could a teenage girl have so much money?

Ye Zhuo took out a check from her bag and placed it on the desk in front of Director Wu. “This is the price we agreed on over the phone. May I ask if you have the contract ready?”

Director Wu was stunned again.

Ye Zhuo continued, “Director Wu, if you’re afraid that I’ve written you an empty check, you can call the bank to confirm it.”

Director Wu raised his head and glanced at Ye Zhuo.

Could this young lady be an heiress to a rich family?

After all, Yunjing was full of wealthy people. There was way too many second-generation heirs who had so much money that they couldn’t spend it all. In the eyes of these people, 20 million wasn’t even worth 200 yuan.

Realizing this, Director Wu hurriedly stood up. “I’m sorry, Miss Ye. I’ve offended you just now! Please take a seat.”

“It’s fine.” Ye Zhuo sat on the sofa.

Director Wu took out the contract that he had prepared earlier. “Please take a look and see if there’s any problem!”

All businessmen were profiteers.

Director Wu had prepared two contracts in advance. One was fine, the other had loopholes. If the company grew bigger and bigger in the future, he could totally get the company back after suing the company and become one of the shareholders.

Ye Zhuo was so young. She might not even understand the contract, so how could she find a loophole?

Director Wu’s eyes were filled with happiness.

This way, he could get a huge sum of money and still keep the company as his. It was killing two birds with one stone.

Ye Zhuo looked at the contract with a glance. There was no expression on her face. After a brief moment, she put the contract back on the desk.

“Miss Ye, have you read it well?” Director Wu suppressed his happiness and asked.

Ye Zhuo nodded slightly.

Seeing that there was no strange expression on Ye Zhuo’s face, Director Wu smiled and took out a pen. “Then sign it. Oh right, in order to avoid future disputes, there are a few other places that need to be stamped.”

A child was a child. She had not noticed such a big loophole. She was way too easy to fool.

Fortunately, he was smart enough to make two plans.

Ye Zhuo took the pen and signed it with her eyes lowered.

Seeing this, the gloating look in Dong Wu’s eyes became more and more intense. The haze in his heart from the past few days instantly disappeared.

Suddenly, Ye Zhuo paused.

“What wrong, Miss Ye? Did the pen run out of ink?” Dong Wu asked in confusion.

Ye Zhuo smiled slightly, but there was a layer of coldness in her eyes. “Director Wu, to you really take me for a child?”

Director Wu was stunned.

Could Ye Zhuo have seen through his wicked intentions? Or was she just scaring him?

“Miss Ye, is there some kind of misunderstanding? I don’t understand what you mean.” Director Wu pretended to be confused.

She was just a kid! How could she have seen through his schemes? She must be trying to scare him!

Ye Zhuo flipped two pages of the contract and pointed at the loophole on the contract with her fair finger, “It says here that you will be a shareholder. Can you explain what it means to be a shareholder? Also, here, here, here… to take out such a flawed contract, who are you looking down on?”

Director Wu saw that she was a little girl, so he took out such a contract to fool her. It was a really shitty thing to do. If she was really clueless about it, she would’ve taken a huge loss and be taken advantage of!

Moreover, with the way it was stated on the contract, there was no way she could fight back for what was rightfully be hers!

Seeing this contract, Ye Zhuo suddenly understood why this express delivery company was facing bankruptcy. As a businessman, he did not even have the most basic integrity. He really deserved it if his company were to shut down from bankruptcy!

Director Wu’s face immediately turned pale, and cold sweat broke out on his forehead.

He didn’t expect Ye Zhuo to really understand the contract!

Was she really a teenage girl?

“I… Let me see.” Director Wu picked up the contract and said, “I’m sorry, Miss Ye. I took the wrong contract. You should sign this one.”

This time, Director Wu didn’t dare to fool Ye Zhuo anymore. He obediently took out the contract that had no problems.

Ye Zhuo took a look at the new contract. After confirming that there were no problems, she signed it.

“Miss Ye, shall I give you a tour to familiarize with the company’s environment now?” Director Wu asked.

“Tomorrow.” Ye Zhuo stood up. “Tomorrow, my uncle will come over. When the time comes, you can just hand over the work to him.”

Director Wu nodded and followed behind Ye Zhuo. He said respectfully, “Okay. Also, whawt about the current employees in the company?”

After witnessing Ye Zhuo’s abilities, Director Wu did not dare to treat Ye Zhuo as a child anymore. He was the blind one just now. He had failed to notice that this little girl had a certain calmness and temperament that was not present in people of her same age. In fact, she was just like a person who had gone through a thousand trials. Even he, who was in his fifties, did not have much of a presence when he stood in front of her.

Ye Zhuo continued, “There’s no need to change the personnel for the time being. As for the specifics, my uncle will make arrangements when he comes tomorrow.”

“Alright.” Director Wu nodded. “I understand.”

Afraid that he would offend Ye Zhuo again, Director Wu carefully escorted Ye Zhuo out of the company building. When they passed by the reception desk, the customer service staff were stunned. They even thought that their eyes were playing tricks on them.

Who was this little girl? She actually made their boss act so respectfully toward her!

…

Seeing as it was still early, Ye Zhuo made a trip to the sales department and prepared to buy the shop Ye Family’s Private Kitchen was currently renting. After all, they were going to do business for a long time. It was not point in continue renting it.

When the sales lady of the sales department, Qin Yue, saw Ye Zhuo, she was scared out of her wits.

‘Oh my God! Why is Ye Zhuo here? Did she come here to request a refund?’

Back then, it was Qin Yue and the owner of Zhang Ji’s Braised Pork Rice who tricked Ye Zhuo into paying two whole years’ worth of rent in one go. That shop’s location was so bad, and there was no business for such a long time. Ye Zhuo must have come to find trouble.

Qin Yue’s face turned pale. It was obviously summer, but she felt really chilly.

At this moment, Ye Zhuo walked in. “May I know if Qin Yue is here?” Qin Yue was the one who handled the rental of the shop. Ye Zhuo didn’t know anyone else in the sales office, so she intended to discuss with Qin Yue about her intentions of buying up the shop.

Hearing this, Qin Yue’s heart skipped a beat.

‘It’s over! Ye Zhuo really came to find trouble.

‘No! I can’t let Ye Zhuo find me! I must find a scapegoat!’

Qin Yue gulped and pointed at a new employee who had just arrived. “Xiao Liu, go and receive that client!”

“Ah?” The new employee, Xiao Liu, was stunned.

“Can’t you understand what I’m saying to you?” Qin Yue pressured the newbie with her seniority as an employee in the department. Her tone was especially harsh.

Xiao Liu said with some difficulty, “Sister Qin, but that client is here to look for you…”

Qin Yue said with a straight face, “If I tell you to go, then go! Don’t talk so much! Be careful or I’ll get the manager to fire you!”

Ye Zhuo was only separated from them by a cubicle. Her five senses were better than an ordinary person’s to begin with. Hearing the noises on the other side of the cubicle, she somehow understood the situation.

‘This Qin Yue should be feeling guilty, right? Did she think that I’m here to cause trouble?’ Ye Zhuo raised his eyebrows slightly but did not point it out directly.

Under Qin Yue’s pressure, Xiao Liu had no choice but to rush over to receive Ye Zhuo. “Hello, miss. Is there anything I can help you with?” Xiao Liu was a little nervous. For some reason, she felt that Ye Zhuo’s arrival was not friendly one. Otherwise, Qin Yue would not have evaded the client who came to the door looking for her.

Ye Zhuo smiled slightly. “I’m a little tired. Can we go to the lounge to talk?”

“Come with me.” Xiao Liu brought Ye Zhuo to the lounge.

After they sat down, Ye Zhuo slowly said, “My name is Ye Zhuo. I am currently renting a shop here. Can you pull out the information on that?”

Xiao Liu took out her work iPad. “Yes, I found it, Miss Ye. It’s the shop on Yuncheng Road, right?”

“Yes.” Ye Zhuo nodded slightly and continued, “I want to buy that shop now. I also want to buy the two empty shops next door.”

Hearing this, Xiao Liu was stunned. She thought she had heard wrongly, “Buy… Buy up three shops?”

The shops in Yuncheng Road were not popular, so they had not been sold. They still belonged to the developers. In order to sell the three shops, the developers offered the sales office a special bonus as motivation. If anyone could sell those shops, they would be rewarded with 200,000 yuan, not including the commission!

200,000 yuan!

Xiao Liu’s current monthly salary was only 4,000 yuan. 200,000 yuan would be equivalent to her salary of several years of work!

Xiao Liu felt like she was dreaming.

She originally thought that Ye Zhuo was here to cause trouble, but who knew that this person was a God of Wealth!

After a long while, Xiao Liu finally found her voice. “You… You’re not joking?”

Ye Zhuo said, “We can sign the contract now.”

“This way, please.” Xiao Liu quickly stood up.

Xiao Liu held back her excitement and handed three contracts to Ye Zhuo. Just as Ye Zhuo took the contracts, Qin Yue suddenly jumped out and pushed Xiao Liu away. “Miss Ye is my client. What does it have to do with you?”

The 200,000 yuan was hers!

Xiao Liu was just a new employee. How dare she steal her client? How shameless!

Ye Zhuo frowned slightly.

As soon as she finished speaking, Qin Yue looked at Ye Zhuo with a smile on her face, looking like a completely different person from her fierce self a moment ago. “Miss Ye, I’m Xiao Qin. The shop you’re currently renting is handled by me. You want to sign the contract, right? Come with me! By the way, are you thirsty? I’ll go get you some water.”

“Sister Qin! Don’t bully me like that!” Xiao Liu who looked like she was about to cry said angrily, “When you thought Miss Ye was a difficult customer, you forced me to attend to her. Now that you see we’re about to sign the contract, you casually come over and say that Miss Ye is your customer. How could you do this…”

“You can ask anyone here! Who doesn’t know that Miss Ye is my customer?” Qin Yue rolled her eyes at Xiao Liu. “I just went to the washroom for a moment and you beat me to it. How could you be so shameless!”

Liu Jia stared at Qin Yue in disbelief.

She didn’t expect Qin Yue to twist the truth like this.

The noise soon attracted the manager.

Qin Yue was a senior employee, and she was quite close with the manager. She immediately opened her mouth to complain. She would not give Xiao Liu a chance to speak.

Of course, the manager wouldn’t criticize an old employee for the sake of a new employee. “Xiao Liu, there’s nothing else for you to do here. Hurry up and leave. Miss Ye, this way please. We’re sorry you had to see that! I’ll get Qin Yue to give you a 15% discount. Qin Yue, quickly print a new contract for Miss Ye.”

Qin Yue’s eyes flashed with a hint of pride as she smiled and said, “Alright Manager, I’ll go right away.”

Xiao Liu felt very wronged, but she was just a new employee. In order to keep her job, she could only let others take advantage of her.

Ye Zhuo raised his eyes slightly, “Manager Zhao, is it? You guys don’t bully people like that, do you? They’re both your employees. Shouldn’t you treat them both equally? Xiao Liu’s service attitude is very good. I like her very much. If it wasn’t for Xiao Liu serving me, I wouldn’t have wanted to buy the shops!”

After saying that, Ye Zhuo turned around and left.

Liu Jia was stunned. She raised her head to look at Ye Zhuo, her eyes filled with gratitude. If it were any other customer, they would definitely sit by idly and do nothing. After all, not only did this matter not cause her any loss, but the manager also gave her a 15% discount!

Unexpectedly, Ye Zhuo actually stood up and spoke up for a small employee like her! This Miss Ye was really a good person.

Hearing this, the manager was so scared that he broke out in cold sweat. He hurriedly caught up to Ye Zhuo and lowered his head to apologize. “Miss Ye, please don’t be angry. This matter was indeed handled unjustly by me. Please don’t be angry. Xiao Liu, come over quickly!”

Liu Jia hurriedly ran over. “Miss Ye.”

It was only then that was Ye Zhuo satisfied.

Qin Yue was so stunned by the turn of events that her face alternated between green and white. She had not expected Ye Zhuo to suddenly cause trouble for her.

That 200,000 yuan was supposed to be hers!

‘This Liu Jia is such a shameless b*tch!’

If she had known that Ye Zhuo was here to buy a shop and not to cause trouble, she would not have asked Liu Jia to attend to her.

“Manager…” Qin Yue looked at the manager unhappily, hoping that the manager would speak up for her.

In the service industry, service was the most important thing.

The manager’s face darkened. “Shut up!”

If Ye Zhuo was unhappy and complained to his superior, he might even lose his job.

Seeing the manager reaction, Qin Yue was so regretful that her face turned green. It was as if she had just died. But it was useless to regret now. She could only watch helplessly as Liu Jia took away her 200,000 yuan.

…

Ye family.

When Ye Shu and Ye Sen returned home, Ye Zhuo called both of them into the living room.

She announced two things very solemnly. The first thing was that she had bought a shop. The second thing was that she had bought the express delivery company that Ye Sen was currently working at.

“Mom, when you have time, you can find someone to start the renovations. This is the purchase contract. And uncle, this is the purchase contract for your company. Tomorrow, you will go to the headquarters. The former owner will hand over the work to you. You are now the new owner of the company.”

Ye Shu and Ye Sen were stunned. Both of them could not believe what they had heard. It felt like a dream.

Ye Shu was the first to react. “Zhuo Zhuo, where did you get so much money? Could it be from the Mu Family? We can’t take their money! Quickly send it back to them!”

These things were worth tens of millions. Other than from the Mu family, where else could Ye Zhuo get such a large sum of money?

Ye Sen also recovered from his shock and reacted. “Right, right, right! Hurry up and send it back! Zhuo Zhuo, although we are poor, we must have some backbone! I’ll go with you!”

Ye Zhuo smiled and said, “Mom, Uncle, don’t worry. This money has nothing to do with the Mu family. I earned it by trading stocks myself. A few days ago, I got very lucky. The few stocks I traded made me a lot of money.”

Ye Zhuo could only use trading stocks as an excuse now. Otherwise, there was no other way to explain. She couldn’t tell them that she was a tech expert.

This made Ye Shu and Ye Sen even more skeptical.

Fortunately, the original owner grew up in the Mu family. It was very normal for the daughter of a rich family to know how to trade stocks.

“Are you sure?” Ye Shu asked.

Ye Zhuo nodded, “Yes, of course! I had been living Mu Yourong’s rightful life by mistake since I was young. The Mu family wants nothing more than to kill me, so how could they possibly give me money? On the night I returned to you, they even signed a severance agreement with me! I really earned this money myself.” She was not lying, the Mu family really hated her to the bone. The original owner had been killed by the Mu family in her previous life!

Hearing this, Ye Shu heaved a sigh of relief. As long as it wasn’t given by the Mu family, she was fine with it.

Ye Shu continued, “Zhuo Zhuo, I heard that investing in stocks is also risky. Don’t invest in stocks in the future. Our family’s restaurant is doing very well now. We can earn quite a lot of money in a day.”

Even if Ye Zhuo hadn’t bought the shop, in a few months, the turnover in the shop would be enough to buy the shop.

Ye Zhuo smiled and said, “Don’t worry, Mom. I know what I’m doing.”

Ye Sen pushed the contract back across the table. “Zhuo Zhuo, Uncle ccan’t take this company.”

Although Ye Sen had always said that he would let Ye Zhuo buy him a big villa, in reality, he was just saying it. He had never thought of taking Ye Zhuo’s things.

As an uncle, it was bad enough that he did not have the ability to make his niece’s life better, but how could he take her things? Ye Sen was simply not that kind of ungrateful and opportunistic person.

Ye Zhuo said, “Uncle, do you know that your company is going bankrupt? Actually, I did not spend much money. If you are not willing to take over, then I can only watch it go bankrupt.”

Ye Sen was stunned. It was obvious that he did not expect that his company was already on the verge of bankruptcy.

Ye Zhuo continued, “You will not make me waste this money for nothing, right? I believe in you. With your ability, you can definitely bring it back to life. If you really don’t feel at ease, you can treat this money as my shares. In the future, you can give me a bonus every year. Uncle, if you refuse me again, you’re not acknowledging me as your niece!”

With that said, Ye Sen could not refuse anymore.

Perhaps, he could give it a try.

Ye Sen stood up. “Then let’s straighten things out first. The company is still yours. I’m only responsible for helping you take care of it.”

Ye Zhuo smiled and said, “This is unfair to you. How about this? You get 80% and I get 20% of the company’s shares. You can give me a bonus at the end of the year.” The person who was really going to operate the company was Ye Sen. It was not a loss for Ye Zhuo to have 20% of the shares.

After saying that, Ye Zhuo did not give Ye Sen a chance to refuse. She scratched her hair, stood up, and left. “You get 80% and I get 20% . It’s settled then. I’ll go back to my room first.”

After settling two important matters, Ye Zhuo felt refreshed. She went back to her room to take a shower and started live streaming.

Meanwhile, the moment Cen Shaoqing turned on his computer, he saw the system notification on the game. [Hitara.YZ has accepted your friend request.]

This was a message from a few days ago.

It was just that he had been at the headquarters a few days ago and was busy with the OS system, so he had not logged on to play any games.

Cen Shaoqing raised his eyebrows slightly.

To think that he had suspected that Hitara.YZ and Niohuru.YZ were the same person.

If was difficult to believe that they were really the same person. How could she be so free to play online games every day? It was impossible. Moreover, Ye Zhuo was only 18 years old this year. How could one do missions on an international website and play games at the same time. Who in the world had so much energy?

Cen Shaoqing sent a challenge to the other party.

The other party accepted the challenge very quickly.

The game began.

A few minutes later, Cen Shaoqing discovered that this Hitara.YZ person played chess in a very strange way. He seemed to play without strategizing, it was almost as if this person did not think things through before making a move. He was even capable of losing a chariot for the sake of saving a soldier.

Sacrificing his important pieces for a soldier?

A normal person would not be able to do such a thing!

Could it be that this person did not know how to play chess at all? The two games that he won last time were just a fluke?

Just as Cen Shaoqing let down his guard, the system notification popped up, informing him that the opponent was about to checkmate. He was at a sudden loss for words!

He lost!

He actually lost again!

Losing to the same person three times in a row, this feeling… It was a little overwhelming.

A frown appeared on Cen Shaoqing’s beautiful face. As he studied the chess board again, the corners of his mouth suddenly curled up into a smile. “So, turns out he was playing a diversion game!”

He had played chess for so many years, but this was the first time he had witnessed such extraordinary gameplay that seemed to only exist in legends.

‘Interesting.’

Cen Shaoqing sent a message, ‘One more game?’

‘Okay.’

On Ye Zhuo’s live stream channel, the comments flooding in were very amusing.

‘This Layabout Scholar is so stupid! He has already lost three games in a row, yet he is still wants to go for another round!’

‘Those who know understand the game will appreciate it, those who don’t understand the game are just here for the action. In fact, this Layabout Scholar is also an expert, one could say that he’s at the level of a professional chess player. ]

Ye Zhuo smiled and said, “This person is indeed a quite capable. Unfortunately, his opponent is me.”

‘Streamer, your boasting is so cute. I like you so much.’

[Account Notification: Heaven-toppling Purple Gold Hammer 1225 gifted two luxury sports cars]

‘I really want to kidnap that Heaven-toppling Purple Gold Hammer 1225 nouveau riche and bring him home.’

‘Sheesh! If we’re on that topic, I want to bring the streamer home.’

‘+1!’

‘+1!’

Ye Zhuo was focusing on her game. with the Layabout Scholar when she saw someone mention that they wanted to kidnap her home. She smiled and said, “F*ck! Are you guys human traffickers?”

‘Hahahaha!’

‘Ye Zi, you are really talented!’

Ye Zhuo’s streamer name was ‘Ye from Hitara.YZ’, hence her fans affectionately called her Ye Zi.

Cen Shaoqing played a few more rounds in a row and lost all of them.

Just then, there was a knock on the door,

“Come in.”

Li Qiandong pushed the door open and walked in.

“Brother Fifth, there’s a document here that needs your signature.”

Cen Shaoqing finished signing the document and pointed at the computer screen. “What do you think of this person’s chess skills?”

Li Qiandong had a look and said, “D*mn! Brother Fifth, you lost? Is this person so clever? Eh, Hitara.YZ? Doesn’t god have the same IGN? Could this person be Niohuru.YZ?”

Cen Shaoqing’s chess skills were well-known in the circle. Li Qiandong had never seen him lose before.

This was the first time.

Cen Shaoqing narrowed his eyes. “This person can’t be Ye Zhuo.”

Li Qiandong continued, “Actually, Miss Mu’s chess skills are not bad either. Brother Fifth, if you have time, you can play a few rounds with her.” Li Qiandong did not understand why Ye Zhuo and Cen Shaoqing had such a deep misunderstanding of Mu Yourong.

In fact, Mu Yourong was really very kind.

Could it be that the more outstanding a person was, the more blind they were?

…

Mu family.

Another week had passed, but Mu Yourong still could not get hold of Li Qingyue’s contact details. Hence, she prepared to personally make a trip to the Yi family residence.

Just as she left the house, her little assistant rushed over, “Miss Mu!”

“Xiao Lan, why are you here?” Mu Yourong was a little surprised to see the little assistant here.

Xiao Lan was sweating profusely. “It was Brother Tao who sent me here.”

Brother Tao’s full name was Zhao Tao. He was Mu Yourong’s manager.

Mu Yourong learnt that other than Cen Shaoqing’s habit of eating vegetarian food and praying to Buddha, he also had another hobby, which was playing chess. Therefore, on the day that Mu Yourong was reborn, she had sought help from the system.

With the help of the system, Mu Yourong’s chess skills had reached the level of a Grandmaster. Now, not only was she the vice-president of the Chess Association, she had also signed a contract with the largest video streaming company in China. She was known as the number one online chess player.

She was also the youngest grandmaster level chess player in Yunjing.

Most importantly, the live streaming company that Mu Yourong had signed with was under the Li Corporation. The boss behind the scenes was Li Qiandong.

Mu Yourong continued, “Why did Brother Tao ask you to come?”

Xiao Lan took out her phone. “Miss Mu, please take a look at this.”

Mu Yourong took the phone.

The screen on the phone showed a live stream.

A young girl was playing chess on the live stream.

Xiao Lan glanced at Mu Yourong and said, “Miss Mu, Brother Tao said that if you don’t start live streaming again, you might get replaced by this newcomer.”

Mu Yourong looked disdainful as she threw the phone back to her assistant. It was obvious that she did not take this matter to heart. “What kind of nobodies are you comparing to me?”

Based on her observations, that little Streamer Ye called Hitara.YZ only had 20,000 to 30,000 viewers online. What was there to be afraid of?

When she was live streaming, when had she not have more than 100,000 viewers?

Xiao Lan continued, “Miss Mu, Brother Tao said that we must not let our guard down. This newcomer, Hitara, is very capable! Right now, many companies want to sign contracts with her. We have to be wary of her!”

Currently, in the live streaming industry, other than Mu Yourong, the other female streamers’ skills were terrible. They basically relied on their looks to earn a living. They were nowhere near to being as good as Mu Yourong.

Not to mention female streamers, even some professional male streamers could not hold a candle to Mu Yourong. Every one of them were crushed by Mu Yourong in their shared live stream sessions.

But now, a newcomer named Hitara had appeared out of thin air. Without signing a contract with any management agency, she had maintained her Top 1 ranking for an entire week! Even Mu Yourong had not achieved such an outstanding result back when she first started live streaming.

“Tell Brother Tao to rest assured.” Mu Yourong’s eyes were filled with disdain. “I really don’t care about a clown who doesn’t even dare to reveal her face. I have some other matters to attend to now, so I’ll be heading out for a while. As for the other matters, we’ll talk about them when I return to the company tonight.”

Her chess skills were unparalleled. No one could beat her!

Mu Yourong really looked down on this nameless newbie.

Seeing that Mu Yourong was so calm, Xiao Lan also let out a sigh of relief. “Well, in that case, Miss Mu, I’ll go back first.”

“Ok.” Mu Yourong nodded.

Mu Yourong stuck to her original plan and made a trip to the Yi family residence.

An hour later, Mu Yourong stood outside her car. The sun was shining brightly in the sky, but she felt a chill all over her body. Her palms were covered with layers and layers of sweat.

“The Young Miss died a sudden death half a month ago…”

She couldn’t shake off those words by the Yi family’s butler.

Why was Li Qingyue dead? Shouldn’t the one dead be Yi Tao?

However, she had just found out that Li Qingyue was dead, and the damned person, Yi Tao, was still alive, and had already returned to his original healthy state.

What on Earth was going on?

In her previous life, Li Qingyue had dominated the entire industry chain in Yunjing. Her methods were extremely ruthless, and she was a strong woman.

But in this life, Li Qingyue had dropped dead so mysteriously!

“System, can you find out the cause of Li Qingyue’s death? And who is the Miracle Doctor Ye who cured Yi Tao?” The Yi family only announced to the public that the person who cured Yi Tao was Miracle Doctor Ye, but they did not reveal who this Miracle Doctor Ye was.

Was it Ye Zhuo?

It was clear as daylight that the current Ye Zhuo had changed a lot. Ever since Ye Zhuo left the Mu family, it was as if she had changed into a different person.

Mu Yourong frowned. If Ye Zhuo was the legendary Miracle Doctor Ye, why would she need to be a waiter in a restaurant? Moreover, how could a useless person who knew nothing suddenly turn into a miracle doctor?

This was simply a fantasy!

At this moment, the system showed Li Qingyue’s specific situation. The cause of Li Qingyue’s death was a myocardial infarction. It was a normal death.

Mu Yourong frowned slightly and continued, “Then what about Miracle Doctor Ye? Who is Miracle Doctor Ye?”

[The identity of Miracle Doctor Ye is very mysterious, the system hasn’t found it yet… ] The system sounded a little distressed. [But don’t worry, host. It’s just Qingyue. Her death won’t affect you much. The most important thing for you now is to marry Fifth Master Cen and reach the peak of your life!]

Hearing this, the knot in Mu Yourong’s heart dissipated a little.

After all, in her heart, the system was omnipotent. Since the system said that it was fine, it meant that these things didn’t affect her much.

Moreover, she did not have any friendship with Qingyue. She took the initiative to befriend Qingyue because she thought that Qingyue would achieve great things in the future and wanted to befriend her in advance.

At night.

Mu Yourong came to the company.

Zhao Tao’s eyes lit up when he saw her, “Oh my dear Yourong! You are finally here! The live stream room has been prepared for you. The live stream is at 8 o’clock. Hurry up and get ready.”

“Got it.” Mu Yourong put down her bag and sat in front of the makeup mirror, allowing the makeup artist to work her magic on her face.

Her skin and features was good to begin with. Now that her facial features were enhanced with makeup, she looked even more beautiful.

Mu Yourong’s lips curled up slightly. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

It didn’t matter whether it was in the live streaming world or the chess world, she would always be number one!

Who else could surpass her?

Even Zhao Tao, her manager, had to be respectful when he saw her.

Zhao Tao said, “Oh right, Xiao Lan told you about that rookie, Hitara, right? Remember to find a chance to compete with her. That rookie’s momentum has been too strong recently. Take the opportunity to suppress her arrogance! Let her know who’s the senior in this circle!”

Zhao Tao trusted Mu Yourong’s chess skills very much. At this moment, Mu Yourong was the only one who could crush the rookie.

“You want me to play a game with that rookie?” Mu Yourong turned her head in surprise. “Brother Tao! Did I hear wrongly?”

He wanted her, the No. 1 chess player, to challenge an unknown junior in chess?

Did anyone even think that that rookie could win against her?

How dare they insult her?