Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 73: 072: a slap in the face! In the burning business empire, Lin Sha recognized the scumbag and had an abortion 2

Zhang Qiang said anxiously, “But Sha Sha already has my child! That’s your biological grandson! Mom, you can’t do this!”

Mother Zhang looked at Zhang Qiang and said earnestly, “Silly child! Do you really think that your mother is the kind of person who doesn’t recognize her own family?”

“Mother, what do you mean by this?”Zhang Qiang was stunned.

Mother Zhang continued, “That little slut used her pregnancy to threaten me because she was afraid that you would really not marry her. Son, don’t worry. Even if we don’t pay this 80,000 yuan, she will still marry into our Zhang Family! When the time comes, it won’t be me who is begging her, but her who is begging me!”

She was already pregnant, what was there to be afraid of?

She could drag it out!

Could Lin Sha’s stomach hold it up?

When the time came, it would still be Lin Sha who would lose face.

“But I’ve already promised Sha Sha that our family will definitely pay 80,000 yuan! How can I go back on My Words? What if Sha Sha gets angry?”

Zhang’s mother’s face was filled with disappointment, “You’re a man, why are you afraid of her?”? Since ancient times, it has been said that a woman should put her husband before her. She should be afraid of you, not you! Can You Be a man? ! Besides, she’s already pregnant, why are you in such a hurry? Go and tell her that the wedding will be held in three months. She can marry or not! If she has the guts, Go and get an abortion!”

“What?”Zhang Qiang’s face turned pale. “You Want Sha Sha to abort the child?”

Mother Zhang patted Zhang Qiang’s hand. “Don’t worry, son. It wasn’t easy for that woman to get pregnant. She couldn’t bear to abort the child. If she really did abort the child, what would she use as a bargaining chip to marry into our family?”

Mother Zhang Knew Lin Shasha too well.

That Little B * Tch couldn’t wait to marry into their family and become the young mistress to enjoy life. How could she bear to abort the child?

After saying that, mother Zhang continued, “Son, she is the one who is pregnant now. Her stomach is on her body. Why are you so anxious?”

Zhang Qiang was a little worried, “What if she really abort the child?”

“Don’t worry, she wouldn’t dare,”mother Zhang continued, “Son, don’t you think about it? Why does that B * Tch, Lin Sha, insist on marrying you? It’s all because our family is rich! If she really aborted the child, would she still be able to marry into our family? Even if she had a lantern, she wouldn’t be able to find a second family as rich as ours!”

Zhang Qiang was actually a little self-aware.

From the moment Lin Sha agreed to be his girlfriend, he knew that Lin Sha was interested in his money. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Otherwise, Lin Sha was so beautiful, how could she be interested in him?

They were just taking what they needed.

Mother Zhang was right.

Even if their family didn’t have the 80,000 yuan, Lin Sha wouldn’t dare to have an abortion.

After all, the child was her last trump card.

Zhang Qiang nodded. “Okay, Mom, I know what to do.”

Mother Zhang continued, “Son, just tell her directly that she will either get married in three months or go to the hospital for an abortion. There are many people who want to continue the Zhang family’s name. She is not lacking! “Don’t play tricks all day long. You Don’t know how Lucky You Are!”

Zhang Qiang returned to his room and called Lin Sha.

Lin Sha thought that she would hear good news.

She did not expect such a result.

So...

After so many years, was she really wrong about Zhang Qiang?

But she was already pregnant now. She could not really break up with Zhang Qiang, right?

The first thing that came to her mind was ye Zhuo. Ye Zhuo definitely had a way to help her.

The next day was Monday.

Lin Sha had no choice but to go to the entrance of North Bridge High School and wait for Ye Zhuo to finish school.

She saw Lin Sha waiting for her at the school gate.

Ye Zhuo wasn’t surprised at all. After greeting an Lizi and Zhao pingting, he ran over. “Sister Sha Sha.”

“Zhuo Zhuo!”Seeing ye Zhuo, Lin Sha’s eyes couldn’t help but Redden.

Ye Zha patted her back. “Let’s talk when we get home.”

Lin Sha nodded.

Ye Shu was in the restaurant.

Ye Sen was busy with the express delivery company.

So there was no one else in the Ye family.

Lin Sha cried and told ye Zha what happened. “Zha Zha, you have to help me!”

Ye Zha poured a glass of water for Lin Sha. “Sister Sha Sha, I told you to be mentally prepared.”

“Zao Zao, what should I do now?”

“Abort the child.”Ye Zao’s tone was indifferent.

“What?”Lin Sha’s expression changed.

It was obvious that she did not want to abort the child.

Ye Zao continued, “You won’t be happy if you marry someone like Zhang Qiang. Even if you get married in the future, the two of you will still get a divorce. “Rather than having a dysfunctional family and an unhappy childhood, it’s better to abort the child before it takes shape.”