Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 725: 160: I Met Song Shiyu in Yun Jing! 2

Translator: 549690339

Miss Ye.

“When he heard these three words, the gloominess in the man’s eyes slowly disappeared. “When did you come back?” ”

“The assistant said, “The flight is at two o’clock this afternoon.” ”

“Ask the kitchen to bring over a bowl of brown sugar ginger water.”

“Okay.”

“The assistant was very confused. He did not know when it started, but song Shiyu had begun to like brown sugar ginger water. Even in the hot summer, he would bring over a bowl. ”

“Sometimes, song Shiyu would even drink three bowls a day. ”

“After the assistant left, song Shiyu made a phone call. “How are things going in Beijing?” ”

“Everything is ready.”

“Okay.”

...

“At three in the afternoon, Ye Zhuo and Lin Ze went out to buy groceries. ”

It was just enough to familiarize Lin ze with the surrounding environment.

The market was very close. It was only a ten-minute walk away.

The brother and sister chatted as they walked.

There were many people at the market. There were aunties and uncles haggling everywhere.

“Ye Zhuo looked at Lin Ze. “Brother, what do you want to Eat Tonight?” ”

“Lin Ze continued, “Why don’t we have grilled fish tonight?” ”

Ye Shu’s grilled fish was very good. He couldn’t forget it even after eating it once. Everyone in his family liked ye Shu’s grilled fish very much.

“Okay.”Ye Zhuo nodded. “Then let’s go buy some fish.”

The two of them walked towards the fresh fish stall.

“”Uncle Zhou, I want a silver carp,”ye Zhuo said. ”

“When the boss saw ye Zhuo, he thought that he was hallucinating. He said in surprise, “Isn’t this Zhuozhuo? Zhuozhuo, when did you come back?” ”

“Ye Zhuo was the top scorer in the college entrance examination last year. In addition, he often came here to buy fish and was polite. After a while, the boss got to know ye Zhuo. Because of ye Zhuo, the boss’s fish stall was also called the top scorer fish stall. ”

There were even rumors that eating fish could make people smarter. The top scorer only got into the top scorer’s stall after eating fish.

“Ye Zao said, “We just got home in the afternoon.” ”

“The boss continued, “So your mother and your uncle are back too?” ”

Ye Zao nodded. “Yes.”

“The Boss looked at Lin ze and asked curiously, “Zao Zao, who is this young man? Is He a relative of yours?” ”

“Ye Zhuo smiled and said, “This is my brother.” ”

Lin Ze politely nodded at the boss.

“The boss said in surprise, “Is he my biological brother or cousin?” ”

“He’s my biological brother.”

“The boss was even more surprised. “No wonder he looks so similar! Zhuo Zhuo, your family’s genes are too good! Both brother and sister are so handsome!” ”

Lin Ze curled his lips.

“The boss handed the fish to Ye Zhuo. “Zhuo Zhuo, your fish.” ”

“How much is it?”Ye Zao looked up and asked.

“The boss smiled and said, “Zao Zao, you don’t come back once every six months. It’s too polite to say that it’s money! Uncle Zhou gave this fish to you to eat!”If it weren’t for ye Zao, the business of his fish stall wouldn’t be so good. ”

“Ye Zao continued, “If you don’t take money, then I won’t buy it.” ”

“”Take it, take it!”The boss directly stuffed the fish into ye Zao’s hands. “It’s just a fish, don’t be polite to Uncle Zhou!” ”

“Uncle Zhou...”

“Ye Zao wanted to say something else, but the boss interrupted him. “Zao Zao, look at you. Do you want Uncle Zhou to personally deliver this fish to your house?” ”

“Ye Zao couldn’t reject his kind offer, so he had no choice but to accept the fish. ”

Only then was uncle Zhou satisfied.

Lin Ze took the fish from ye Zao’s hands. “I’ll take it.”

“After buying the fish, the siblings walked towards the vegetable stall. ”

The boss looked at the siblings’backs and smiled.

The siblings were so outstanding. They would definitely be the cream of the crop in the future!

“When they arrived at the vegetable stall, ye Zao bought some potatoes, lotus roots, and golden needle mushrooms. ”

Lin Ze was still in charge of carrying the things.

“Not long after, the siblings returned with a full load. ”

“When they passed by the milk tea shop, Ye Zao looked at Lin Ze. “Brother, do you want to drink milk tea?” ”

Lin Ze nodded.

“Ye Zao continued, “Then I’ll go buy milk tea. What flavor do you want?” ”

“”I want a cup of coffee,”Lin ze said. ”

“”Okay.”Ye Zao continued, “Then wait for me here for a while.” ”

“Okay.”

Lin Ze stood where he was and waited for ye Zao.

Ye Zao jogged over to buy milk tea.

“Ye Zao liked the strawberry milkshakes in this shop the most, so she ordered two strawberry milkshakes and a cup of Oolong tea. She liked sweets very much. She could eat several servings of sweets at a time, and she had to drink two cups of milk tea at a time. ”

“Just as she walked out of the door, she heard a familiar voice in the air. ”

“Ye Zao.”

Ye Zao looked up and saw a familiar figure.

“Wearing a black shirt, the black buttons were meticulously tied to the top, and there was a hint of abstinence. ”Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)