Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 742: 167: Sever the mother-child relationship and the assessment begins! 1

Translator: 549690339

Old Mrs. Lin was so angry that she couldn’t say a word.

“She couldn’t really let her die, right? ”

“She had everything she wanted now. She had five great-grandsons, which could be considered a full house. ”

Why did she have to die?

No!

She couldn’t die.

She still had a lot of blessings to enjoy!

“Seeing that Old Lady Lin didn’t say anything for a long time, old lady cen put down the paraquat in her hand. “What? ! You’re not satisfied with the things I’ve prepared for you?” ”

“Bai Tang!”Old Lady Lin glared at Old Lady Cen. “We’ve known each other for decades! Do you really want to see me die?”

“Old Lady Cen said speechlessly, “Zhao fangyue! Do you still have a conscience? ! You were the one who said you wanted to die! I didn’t force you! I provided you with the tools and helped you, and now it’s My Fault? Or do you not like these ways of dying?” ”

“After saying that.., old Mrs. Cen continued, “If you don’t like these ways of dying, there’s still charcoal burning! Why don’t I get someone to prepare some charcoal for you? I heard that charcoal is the least painful way to commit suicide. It is especially uncomfortable when you are about to die. However, this discomfort will not last for long. You Don’t have to worry! If you feel uncomfortable, you will die! Anyway, you have lived enough. Some people will leave when they are 60 or 70 years old. You are already in your 80s this year! “Even if you don’t leave now, you’ll still have to leave in a few years. A petty person like you will die of anger sooner or later! “Rather than die of anger, you might as well commit suicide!” ”

“The More Old Lady Lin Heard, the more uncomfortable she felt. She frowned and raised her head to look at Old Lady Cen. “Who said I’m going to commit suicide! I’m still alive and well, why would I commit suicide?” ”

Old Mrs. Cen was too blind.

“She had already said that she was going to commit suicide, so it was fine if old Mrs. Cen did not hold her back. Instead, she wanted to make peace here and add fuel to the fire! ”

She really did not have the slightest bit of sympathy.

“For such a person, no wonder his daughter-in-law gave birth to four servant girls in a row and only got a grandson. ”

She deserved it!

“In his opinion, a person like old Mrs. Cen should not have even half a grandson! ”

He should have cut off the Cen family’s incense.

“”Didn’t you say it yourself?”Old Mrs. Cen said innocently, “You see, you really don’t know a good person when you bite Lu Dongbin! I wanted to help you, but you didn’t appreciate it!” ”

“After saying that, old Mrs. Cen looked at Old Mrs. Lin and narrowed her eyes, “Zhao fangyue! Are you scolding me in your heart?” ” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Who scolded you?”Old Mrs. Lin turned her head.

“Old Mrs. Cen smiled and said, “It’s okay if you don’t admit it! Whoever scolded me in their heart just now, whoever scolded me in their heart is a puppy!” ”

Old Mrs. Lin choked and was so angry that her whole body was trembling.

Was this damn old lady trying to anger her to death?

“Unfortunately, Old Mrs. Lin could only bite off her teeth and swallow her blood. ”

She could not speak of her suffering.

“Old Lady Cen continued, “So you’re not going to commit suicide now?” ”

Old Lady Lin did not say a word.

Only a fool would commit suicide!

“Even if everyone in the world committed suicide, she would not commit suicide! ”

“Old Lady Cen looked at Old Lady Lin, “If you’re not going to commit suicide, then I’ll go back first. I’ll leave these things here for you. If you want to commit suicide later, you can choose any one of them. However, I still suggest that you drink paraquat!” ”

“After saying this, old Mrs. Cen stood up from the bedside and looked at Auntie Wang, she instructed, “Auntie Wang, if this old lady wants to commit suicide later, you must inform me! “No matter what, I’ve known your old lady for decades. If she wants to go on her journey, I must send her on her last journey no matter what!” ”

“Auntie Wang stifled a laugh in her heart. She sighed in her heart that old Mrs. Cen’s status was still high. With just a few words, she was able to subdue Old Mrs. Lin. ”

“After Old Lady Cen Left, Old Lady Lin instructed Auntie Wang to close the door. She was afraid that Old Lady Cen would make a comeback. ”

“”Auntie Wang, go and contact Qingxuan Again!”This time, Old Lady Lin did not dare to say that she had committed suicide. “Tell him that if he doesn’t come back, I will sever my mother-son relationship with him!” ”

“Auntie Wang nodded. “Alright, I will go now!” ”

“The phones of the Lin family’s brothers were all switched off, so sister-in-law Wang was able to contact them. ”

“Fortunately, Old Lady Lin fell asleep after drinking the medicine, so she did not make a fuss. ”

“The next morning, the first thing Old Lady Lin did after she woke up was to ask sister-in-law wang, “Did the family of four from Jin City Come Back Last Night?” ”