Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 751: 168: Scorching Hot: take first place! 4

Translator: 549690339

The three of them walked into the boarding gate as they spoke.

“Six hours later, the plane stopped at the C City Airport.”

The three of them had just walked out of the exit when an Lizi saw a person holding a large sign at the airport’s entrance. On the sign was ye Zhuo’s name.

“”Scorching hot,”an lizi said, “Is that the person who picked you up?””

Ye Zhuoluo looked up. “I think so. Let’s go over and take a look.”

Master Yu had indeed arranged for someone to pick her up.

An Lizi and Zhao Pingting followed ye Zhuoluo over.

The two young men and one woman were responsible for picking her up.

“At this moment, the three of them were looking down at their phones.”

“”Hello, May I know if you’re President Wang?”Ye Zhuoluo asked calmly.”

“Hearing this, the long-haired woman who was looking at her phone lifted her head to look at Ye Zhuoluo and asked doubtfully, “Are You Miss Ye?””

Ye Zao nodded. “I’m Ye Zao.”

It was really ye Zao!

“The long-haired woman immediately extended her hand to ye Zao. “Hello, Miss Ye. I’m Wang Zhishu. This is Sun Openg from the literary world, and this is Deng Zi Kai.””

Sun Openg and Deng Zi Kai immediately greeted ye Zao. “Miss Ye.”

Although they had long known that ye Zao was very young.

“However, they had never expected that ye Zao would be so young.”

It was beyond their imagination.

The girl in front of them looked to be around 18 or 19 years old. She was wearing a white shirt with the hem tucked into her pants. Her legs were long and straight. She looked a little unruly and had a bit of a bandit’s aura.

She was so young. Could she really get a place in the assessment and stand out?

“Originally, the literary world had been saying that ye Zao had entered through the back door. Now, it seemed that the rumors were true.”

After all...

Ye Zao was too young.

The three of them all broke out in cold sweat for Master Yu.

They were afraid that ye Zao would embarrass master Yu during the assessment.

Ye Zao then introduced an Lizi and Zhao Pingting to the three of them.

“”Miss an, Miss Zhao.”The three of them shook hands with an Lizi and Zhao Pingting one by one.”

“Wang zhishu then said, “Miss Ye, we will take you to the hotel now. After taking a short rest in the hotel, we will take you to take a look at the examination room.””

“Sure.”Ye Zhuo nodded slightly.

“Soon, they arrived at the hotel.”

Ye Zhuo and Wang Zhishu went to the examination room while an Lizi and Zhao Pingting stayed at the hotel to rest.

Tomorrow was the assessment competition.

“Today, there were many examinees who participated in the assessment competition who came to the examination room and stayed in the examination room to do the mock exam questions.”

There were three sets of mock exam questions.

Many examinees came early in the morning to do the mock exam questions so that they could perform normally in the assessment competition tomorrow.

Some of them had already mingled with the surrounding examinees.

“Although the exam hall was full of electronic equipment and there were cameras everywhere, it was impossible to cheat. However, there was no harm in getting to know more people.”

Ye Zhuo’s position was close to the middle.

“After taking a glance at the exam hall and confirming his position, Ye Zhuo turned to look at Wang Zhishu. “President Wang, let’s go back first.”It was already past one o’clock in the afternoon.”

Ye Zhuo wanted to take advantage of the afternoon to go out with an Lizi and Zhao Pingting and familiarize himself with the surroundings of the hotel.

Wang Zhishu was stunned.

She did not expect ye Zhuo to suggest returning to the hotel so soon.

“”Miss Ye, aren’t you going to look at the mock exam questions?”Wang Zhishu asked.”

Ye Zhuo shook his head. “There’s no need to look at them.”

“If they did not even look at the mock exam questions, then what was their purpose in coming to the exam hall?”

“Ye Zhuo knew that she did not do well in the exam, so she gave up on herself?”

“Otherwise, why did she not even look at the mock exam questions?”

“For a moment, Wang Zhishu’s gaze was especially complicated.”

Why did master Yu take such a person as his disciple?

“”President Wang, didn’t you say that Master Yu’s new last disciple will also participate in this year’s assessment? Why didn’t I see her come to visit the examination venue today?”In the crowd, a middle-aged woman with short hair suddenly walked over. She looked very scholarly.”

It wasn’t anyone else.

“It was the president of the literature association, Han Zhen.”

“Han Zhen was a talented person in the literary world. Although she wasn’t old, she could be described as a person of high moral standing.”

“Seeing Han Zhen walk over, Wang Zhishu was a little embarrassed, but he quickly reacted. He smiled and introduced her to Yu Zhen, “President Han, this is Master Yu’s closed-door disciple, Ye Zhuo, Miss Ye.””

“After saying that, Wang Zhishu introduced her to Ye Zhuo. “Miss Ye, this is president Han Zhen from the Literature Association.””

“Han Zhen did not expect Ye Zhuo to be Master Yu’s last disciple, and her eyes were filled with shock.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The first impression that ye Zhuo gave her was that she was beautiful.