Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 753: 169: a perfect score once every 15 years! Everyone was in an uproar! 1

Translator: 549690339

First place?

Ye Zhuo said that she would get first place in the exam.

Wasn’t this a dream?

Wang Zhishu felt extremely embarrassed when he thought of the scene at that time.

Especially in front of Zhou Miaoyan and Han Zhen.

“Hearing this, Sun Openg and Zheng Zikai were also speechless. ”

Who would have thought that ye Zhuo would be so smug.

“She had come in through the back door. It would have been fine if she had kept a low profile. After all, she was good-looking, and being quiet could also win the favor of everyone. ”

“Yet, she was so high-profile. ”

Wasn’t it obvious that she wanted others to laugh at her?

She really did not have the slightest discernment!

“Zheng zikai said in disbelief, “Miss Ye, you really said that?”He did not see ye Zao as a person who did not know what to say. How could she say such arrogant words about getting first place? ”

Wang Zhishu glanced at Zheng Zikai. “Do you think I can use such words to frame her?”

Sun Openg frowned. “What’s going on with Master Yu? He’s letting go of such an outstanding disciple like Zhou Miaoyan! He brought such a person back from Yun Jing. Who knows how he’ll Lose Face Tomorrow!”

Zhou Miaoyan was supposed to become master Yu’s disciple.

“However, master Yu said that they did not have the fate of being master and disciple. ”

“Initially, everyone thought that master Yu would choose some kind of genius to be his disciple. They did not expect that he would choose such a person! ”

It was simply shocking!

Wang Zhishu sighed. “Who knows! Now we can only leave it to fate!”

Zheng Zikai also sighed.

“Just as the three of them were sighing, Ding — ”

The elevator door opened.

Three figures walked out of the elevator.

“They were ye Zhuo, an Lizi, and Zhao Pingting. ”

“Miss Ye.”Wang Zhishu was the first to react and walked up to greet them.

“President Wang.”

“Wang zhishu continued, “Is miss ye preparing to go out?” ”

“Ye Zhuo smiled and nodded. “Yes, I’m planning to go out for a walk with the two of them.” ”

Go for a walk?

“It was already so late. It was fine if ye Zao did not stay in the room to prepare for the exam, but now he actually had the mood to go out and play? ”

He was simply a dead pig that was not afraid of boiling water!

“Although he thought so, Wang Zhishu did not show it. He continued, “Miss Ye, you are not familiar with the surrounding environment. Do you want the three of us to be your guides?” ”

“”There’s no need,”ye Zhuo continued, “We plan to walk on our own.” ”

“Wang zhishu smiled and said, “Alright, pay attention to your safety. If there’s anything, give me a call.” ”

“Okay.”

“Seeing the three of them disappear in front of him, Wang Zhishu turned to look at Sun Openg and Zheng Zikai. “See! This is Miss Ye’s attitude towards the assessment competition!” ” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Sun Openg and Zheng Zikai had very complicated expressions on their faces.

The assessment competition was much more important than the college entrance examination.

How many college entrance examination students would be in the mood to go out and play the day before the college entrance examination?

“Originally, Sun Openg and Zheng Zikai had thought that even if ye Zao did poorly in the examination, he would not be ranked last. Now, it seemed that Ye Zao was definitely ranked last! ”

Zheng Zikai rubbed his chin. “It seems that miss ye is very confident in herself.”

“”What’s the use of having confidence or not having strength?”Wang zhishu continued, “I feel that she’s like a child who hasn’t grown up. She thinks and acts as she pleases. She has no idea what this assessment competition means!” ”

“Originally, she was only a child at the age of 18 or 19. ”

“Zheng zikai continued, “I now feel that this miss ye might really be able to get first place.”When he saw ye Zao again, Zheng Zikai saw a very calm temperament from her. ”

She was not shocked by honor or disgrace.

This was not something that could be seen from a little girl.

“Moreover, master Yu was not the kind of person who would casually open a back door. ”

“If he could use a back door, then he did not know how many disciples master Yu had now. ”

Perhaps.

They had underestimated ye Zhuo from the start.

“”Are you crazy?”Wang Zhishu looked at Zheng Zikai, his eyes filled with astonishment. ”

Sun Openg also looked at Zheng Zikai in disbelief.

“Zheng zikai continued, “Just you wait. I feel that Miss Ye will definitely give us a surprise.” ”

Wang Zhishu curled his lips. “I think you’re really crazy!”

Sun Openg nodded in agreement.

...

On the other side.

Han Zhen came to Master Yu’s residence and wanted to discuss with master Yu about Ye Zhuo.

Master Yu taking in a disciple was a matter of great importance to the future development of the literary world.

But now...

He had taken in such a disciple.

“As the President of the Literary Association, Master Yu felt that it was very necessary for him to negotiate with Master Yu. ”

1

“No matter what, he could not joke about the future of the literary world. ”