Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 755: 169: a perfect score once every 15 years! Everyone was in an uproar! 3

Translator: 549690339

“”Xiao Han,”master Yu picked up the pen and put it down again. “What do you mean by this?””

“Han Zhen continued, “I think you should disqualify miss ye from participating in the assessment competition.””

“From the current situation, only by disqualifying ye Zhuo from participating in the competition could the losses be stopped in time.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

If people found out that master Yu’s last disciple was ranked last in the assessment competition...

“Not only was master Yu embarrassed, the literary world was even more embarrassed.”

Master Yu looked at Han Zhen. “Withdraw from the competition? Why did my disciple withdraw from the competition?”I believe that my disciple will definitely stand out in this assessment competition!”

Stand Out?

Ye Zhuo?

“”Elder Yu... confidence is a good thing, but you have to face reality.”Han Zhen frowned.”

Master Yu accepted ye Zhuo as his disciple because of two pieces of calligraphy.

“However, master Yu still did not know who wrote these two pieces of calligraphy...”

“Master Yu knew what Han Zhen was worried about. He continued, “Little Han, after the written test ends tomorrow, there will be a calligraphy competition. Whether or not this calligraphy was written by my disciple, you will know when the time comes.””

Tomorrow?

The people coming to watch the competition tomorrow were not just people from the literary world.

There were also people from the calligraphy world.

The traditional Chinese painting world.

“”But don’t you think that it will really be too late by then?”Han Zhen continued, “There are so many pairs of eyes watching below the stage. If anything were to happen to Miss Ye, who would you feel embarrassed about?””

The rest of his words were self-evident.

“Master Yu’s eyes were filled with anger. “I believe in my disciple. No matter who makes a mistake, she will not make a mistake!””

“Han Zhen sighed and tried his best to use euphemisms. After all, master Yu was already this old. “Elder Yu, I know that my words may not be pleasant to hear, but as the saying goes, good advice goes against the ear and good medicine tastes bitter. Miss Ye, she...””

“Master Yu raised his hand and interrupted Han Zhen’s unfinished sentence. “Little Han, Ye Zhuo is my disciple. You have no right to criticize her!””

Han Zhen felt that Master Yu was lying to himself.

“Even at this time, he still trusted ye Zhuo so much.”

No wonder people had to retire when they reached a certain age.

It seemed that the literary world would have to implement this system in the future.

“After all, master Yu had long passed the age of retirement.”

“Master Yu pointed to the door and said, “If there’s nothing else, you can leave now.””

“Seeing that master Yu had already changed his attitude, Han Zhen did not say anything else. “Since that’s the case, elder Yu, I Won’t disturb you anymore.””

Master Yu waved his hand.

Han Zhen turned around and left.

“Master Yu was unwilling to disqualify ye Zhuo from the competition. Han Zhen was also very helpless, but she had no choice.”

“Now, she could only wait for tomorrow’s assessment.”

“At that time, master Yu would have to face reality.”

On the other side.

“Ye Zhuo, an Lizi, and Zhao Pingting were shopping.”

The three girls were chatting and laughing along the way. This kind of youthful atmosphere made passersby unconsciously smile.

After taking a few steps.

Ye Zao felt that something was wrong. He stopped and looked behind him.

“”Zao Zao, What’s Wrong?”Zhao Pingting asked.”

Ye Zao shook his head slightly. “Nothing.”

He said nothing just to not make Zhao Pingting worry because ye Zao had a faint feeling that someone was following them.

“An Lizi pointed across the road and said, “Zao Zao, Pingting, there seems to be a food street over there. Let’s go and take a look.””

“Sure.”

The three girls crossed the traffic light and walked across the road.

This was C city’s largest food street.

“The two sides of the street were filled with all kinds of local delicacies. The alluring fragrance lingered around everyone’s taste buds, making them unable to stop.”

“Even Zhao pingting, who had been clamoring to lose weight, did not want to lose weight anymore.”

She watched the three of them disappear into the traffic.

A tall figure walked out from the corner.

“The man was wearing a black shirt and a black hat on his head. Black was a dark color, so he looked even more mysterious.”

“After a long while, he lifted his feet and walked to the opposite side.”

“Perhaps it was because he had almost been discovered by Ye Zhuo, but this time, the man did not dare to follow him any closer. He only followed him from a distance.”

In the crowd.

“After she left, he immediately bought a portion as well.”

Not long after.

“A cake, candied haw, sugar figurine, Kuandong boiled, baked cold noodles appeared in the man’s hands...”

He tasted everything.

It tasted very good.

“He looked at her from a distance. The corners of his mouth curved slightly, and the wide brim of his hat covered his eyes.”