Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 87: 074: strength slaps face, stunning all four! 1

The air was very quiet.

Everyone’s eyes turned to the entrance.

Everyone was very curious about what Sitara looked like.

Was she really the second magnificent Tang princess.

But because of the backlight, no one could see her face clearly. They could only see a tall figure.

Mu Yourong just watched the figure getting closer and closer to her.

Was this Sitara?

Why did she feel that this Sitara’s figure was a little familiar.

Could it be an illusion?

It should be an illusion, right?

How could she possibly know a cheating clown?

Mu Yourong’s eyes revealed some ridicule.

This sitara was truly shameless.

She actually had the nerve to appear at the party.

Did she not know that everyone called her a cheating dog and an ugly freak?

However, it was good to have a clown as a foil to her at this time.

A noble flower like her would only appear more noble under the contrast of a ruined flower.

The curve of Mu Yourong’s lips became more obvious.

“Da-da-da.”

The sound of high heels was rhythmic.

As the figure got closer and closer, the suffocating facial features slowly appeared in the air.

She was wearing a red one-shouldered gown.

Her fair shoulders and delicate collarbones were exposed.

The fiery red was originally an extremely gorgeous color, but when it was worn on her, it was as if red was born for her.

Step by step, it was as if every step was stepping on the hearts of everyone.

It was like a red plum returning from treading snow.

Beautiful.

Extremely Beautiful.

The live broadcast camera captured this moment very well and zoomed in on her on the projector.

This was a face that could topple all living beings. Even if it was magnified dozens of times, there was not a single flaw to be found. There were no blind spots at 365 degrees.

Even Mu Yourong, who had just been in the limelight, could only serve as a foil by her side.

Seeing this face...

Cen Shaoqing, who had been resting with his eyes closed, suddenly opened his eyes and the corners of his mouth curled up into a faint smile.

So it was really her.

Cen Shaoqing twirled the Buddhist beads in his hands. The deep depths of his eyes were as dark as ink, making it impossible to tell what he was thinking.

Li Qiandong was immediately stunned.

He stared blankly at Ye Zhuo.

His face was filled with disbelief.

He even wiped his eyes a few times, afraid that his eyes were playing tricks on him.

He had not thought of ye Zao and Sitara at all.

Li Qiandong had originally thought that Sitara was just an ugly and unspeakable cheater.

He had not expected Sitara to be ye Zao.

Ye Zao was too amazing!

He was actually able to play around in the tech world while conquering the broadcasting world.

Just how many aspects of her that no one knew about?

Li Qiandong swallowed several mouthfuls of saliva. He could not describe what he felt in his heart.

Mu Yourong looked at that face.

Her pupils gradually dilated.

Was she seeing things?

Was that ye Zao?

Ye Zao was Sitara?

Sitara was actually ye Zao!

But when did ye Zao learn how to play chess?

How could ye Zao have changed so much during this period of time?

Could it be?

Ye Zao had also been reborn? F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Mu Yourong suddenly had a terrifying thought.

But the ye Zao of her previous life was just trash. Even if she was reborn, it was impossible for her to be reborn. Could it be that ye Zao also had a system?

What should she do now?

If ye Zao also had a system, how was she going to win against ye Zao?

How was she going to capture Cen Fifth Master’s Heart?

Little Slut!

Ye Zao was just a little slut!

She had come to snatch fifth master Cen away from him.

Shameless!

Mu Yourong clenched her fists by her waist, and a layer of sweat appeared on her forehead.

At this moment, the system’s voice sounded, [ host, there’s no need to be anxious. I’ve already configured a top-tier chess skill for you. Even if the opponent is a max-level chess boss, you don’t have to be afraid! ]! Moreover, I’ve just scanned ye Zao’s body, and there isn’t any system on him! So, don’t worry, Ye Zao isn’t your opponent at all. ]

Hearing this, Mu Yourong heaved a sigh of relief.

Her face returned to its calm expression.

It was good that there was no system.

So what if ye Zao was beautiful?

Even if she was beautiful, it wouldn’t be able to wash away her identity as a cheating dog!

When the time came, she could still use her strength to crush ye Zao.

At this moment.

The bullet screen exploded.

Ye Zao’s aura was very strong. Facing the audience and the many cameras below the stage, her face didn’t show any stage fright.

She was still as calm as ever.

Every step created a breeze.

Even though it was separated by layers of screens, it still made people fearful.

[ Ah Ah Ah! Is this my leaf? It’s so beautiful! I Cry Bird... ]