Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 928: 214: Sever ties! No longer the fourth daughter of the Cen family! 6

Translator: 549690339

“”Think of a way to cover up this lie yourself!”After saying this, song Chenyu hung up the phone. ”

Zhou Rui had just played half the game when he received this call. He had no choice but to retreat from the amusement park.

“”Brother Rui, why did you leave?”A beautiful woman with a hot figure leaned over. ”

Zhou Rui kissed her. “Brother is busy right now. I’ll accompany you another day.”

...

On the other side.

“After song Chenyu came out of the bathroom, he continued to arrange for Cen Yuyan. ”

“Seeing that Cen Yuyan was getting sadder and sadder, song Chenyu reached out to her. “Give me your phone.” ”

“Cen Yuyan did not know what song Chenyu wanted to do, but she still passed the phone to her. ”

“Song Chenyu entered the password and found Zhou Rui’s name in the contact list. He made a call. “Hello, Zhou Rui! This is song Chenyu!” ”

“Hearing this, Cen Yuyan hurriedly stood up from the sofa. “Chenyu, what are you doing? Why are you calling him?” ”

“Song Chenyu ignored CEN Yuyan and continued, “Zhou Rui, you’re too inhuman! Yuyan likes you so much, how can you lie to her! I don’t want to hear your explanation, come and explain it to your girlfriend yourself!” ”

“I live at No. 28 Martial Arts Road!”

“After he said that, song Chenyu directly hung up the phone. ”

“Cen Yuyan snatched the phone away. “Chenyu, what are you doing! I don’t want to see him now!” ”

“Song Chenyu looked at Cen Yuyan. “Yuyan, escaping isn’t your style! Relationships need to be protected by both parties. You’re crying like a mess right now, but Zhou Rui doesn’t know anything. What is this?” ”

“At this point, song Chenyu paused, he continued, “When Zhou Rui comes over later, remember to explain things to him calmly. Don’t be so impatient! “I just said on the phone that you were crying. You Don’t even know how Nervous Zhou Rui is! “This means that he cares about you! “Yuyan, it’s not easy for you to find someone who cherishes you. I don’t want the two of you to be separated because of a misunderstanding.” ”

Cen Yuyan sniffled. “I don’t want to see him now!”

“”Yuyan,”song Chenyu held Cen Yuyan’s hand. “You’re not young anymore. Why are you still acting like a child? Don’t tell me you don’t like Zhou Rui Anymore? Have you fallen in love with someone else?” ”

Cen Yuyan did not say anything.

“Song Chenyu continued, “If you really fall in love with someone else, then I’ll support you! I’ll call Zhou Rui now and tell him not to come! The two of you will break up from now on!” ”

“After saying that, song Chenyu picked up his phone. Cen Yuyan was so scared that she quickly grabbed song Chenyu’s hand. “Don’t!” ”

“Song Chenyu smiled and said, “I knew you still have him in your heart! “Since you still have him, then listen to him explain things clearly. If it’s a misunderstanding, then continue to be together. If Zhou Rui really is that kind of scum, don’t say that you want to break up with him. As your good sister, I’ll be the first to not let him off!” ”

“”Chenyu, thank you.”Cen Yuyan was moved as she hugged song Chenyu. ”

“If it wasn’t for Song Chenyu, she really didn’t know what to do. ”

“Soon, the doorbell rang in the air. ”

“Song Chenyu smiled and said, “It must be Zhou Rui.” ”

“After the nanny opened the door, someone came over. It was Zhou Rui. ”

“Zhou Rui had run all the way here, and his forehead was full of sweat. “What’s wrong, Yuyan?” ”

“Song Chenyu patted Cen Yuyan’s shoulder. “Tell Zhou Rui clearly what happened, and I won’t be a third wheel here!” ”

“After saying that, song Chenyu looked at Zhou Rui. ” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Zhou Rui nodded without a trace.

Song Chenyu walked outside and closed the door very considerately.

“In the blink of an eye, only Cen Yuyan and Zhou Rui were left in the room. ”

“Seeing Cen Yuyan crying like that, Zhou Rui’s heart ached terribly. “Yuyan, what’s wrong? Who bullied you?” ”

“”Don’t touch me.”Cen Yuyan directly shook off Zhou Rui’s hand. “Let me ask you, what’s with that bracelet?”? ”

“Zhou Rui was stunned for a moment before continuing, “Bracelet? Are you talking about the bracelet that my mother gave you?” ”

“Yes.”

“Zhou Rui asked, “What’s wrong with that bracelet?” ”

“CEN Yuyan said, “Didn’t your mother say that the bracelet was passed down from generation to generation? Then why did the owner of the Jade Shop tell me that the bracelet was a modern industry and was not something that was from 21 years ago! Zhou Rui! You Liar!” ”

“Zhou rui smiled and said, “So that’s why you’re angry! However, this is also my fault. If I had known that you would take the bracelet to be appraised, I would have told you everything clearly! In fact, my grandmother did have a legacy bracelet that she passed on to my mother, but my mother accidentally lost the bracelet during a farming mission. She looked for it for several days but couldn’t find it, so she couldn’t eat or sleep. I was worried about my mother’s health, so I secretly bought an identical bracelet and told her that I had found it.” ”