Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 929: 214: Sever ties! She was no longer the CEN family’s fourth miss! 7

Translator: 549690339

Who Was Zhou Rui?

The Super King of the sea who had lived among the flowers!

“Lies came out of his mouth without even a rough draft, and he even said it with reason and evidence. He even pushed all the blame onto Cen Yuyan without batting an eyelid.”

What was the most important thing between a couple?

“Of course, it was trust!”

“But now, Cen Yuyan did not even have the most basic trust in him. She had actually used the bracelet to authenticate it!”

“When she heard this, Cen Yuyan looked up at Zhou Rui. “Is what you said true?””

“”My little grandaunt, I can’t lie to anyone but you!”Zhou Rui continued. “This matter is indeed my fault. I apologize to you. If I had explained the matter clearly to you in advance, there wouldn’t have been such a blunder! “I’m Sorry!””

“”I can swear to you that if there’s even the slightest bit of falsehood in what I said, then I’ll be struck by lightning!””

“Seeing Zhou Rui like this, all sorts of things from the past surfaced in Cen Yuyan’s eyes.”

Zhou Rui was a very good man.

She believed that Zhou Rui wouldn’t lie to her.

“If Zhou Rui had lied to her, he wouldn’t have made such a vicious vow.”

“Thinking of this, Cen Yuyan said somewhat embarrassedly, “I’m the one who should say sorry. I shouldn’t have not believed you and took the bracelet to appraise it.””

“”Right, where’s that bracelet?”Zhou Rui continued to ask.”

“Cen Yuyan was afraid that Zhou Rui would be disappointed in her, so she did not dare to say that she had smashed the bracelet. “It’s still in the appraisal center.””

“”That’s good.”Zhou Rui said, “My mother cherishes that bracelet very much. She sees you as her future daughter-in-law. Otherwise, she would not have given this bracelet to you.””

“En.”Cen Yuyan nodded.

Zhou Rui smiled at Cen Yuyan. “You’re not angry anymore?” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Cen Yuyan shook her head.

“It’s good that you’re not angry.”Zhou Rui took a tissue to wipe Cen Yuyan’s tears. “Look at you crying like a kitten!”

“”Zhou Rui, thank you.”Cen Yuyan reached out and hugged Zhou Rui. “Thank you for unconditionally tolerating me!””

“If it were anyone else, they would have long lost their temper.”

But Zhou Rui did not.

“Half an hour later, song Chenyu returned from outside. Seeing the two of them like this, he smiled and teased, “Has the misunderstanding been resolved?””

“En.”Cen Yuyan nodded in embarrassment.

“Zhou Rui raised his head and looked at song Chenyu. “Miss Song, thank you for helping me Enlighten Yuyan.””

“”Unbelievable.”Song Chenyu smiled and said, “Yuyan is my best sister. I hope for her happiness more than anyone else.””

“Don’t worry.”Zhou Rui hugged Cen Yuyan tightly. “I will give her happiness.”

“Song Chenyu nodded. “I believe in You! But if you dare to Bully Yuyan, I will not let you off!””

“Zhou Rui looked at song chenyu and said seriously, “Don’t talk about you. If I really do something to let Yuyan down, even I will not let myself off!””

“”I’m relieved with your words.”Song Chenyu continued, “Alright, Alright. Since the two of you have reconciled, I won’t keep the two of you. Zhou Rui, quickly send Yuyan back safely!””

“Okay!”

“Cen Yuyan turned to look at Song Chenyu. “Goodbye, Chenyu.””

“Goodbye.”Song Chenyu waved at Cen Yuyan.

“Looking at their backs, the corners of Song Chenyu’s lips curled up.”

A Fool was a fool.

“Even after being sold, he was still counting money for others.”

If only ye Zhuo was that stupid.

Song Chenyu narrowed his eyes.

“Zhou Rui drove Cen Yuyan back to the main entrance of the Cen family manor. “Yuyan, I won’t go in.””

“Okay.”Cen Yuyan nodded. “Go back quickly. I’ll See You Tomorrow.”

“When Cen Yuyan returned home, the CEN family was eating in the dining room.”

“When Cen Yueya saw Cen Yuyan return, she asked with a smile, “How was it? What did the appraisal result say?””

“Cen Yuyan said, “That bracelet is indeed not something from 21 years old.””

“When they heard this, the others at the dining table had an expression of’I knew it’.”

“Old Madam Cen put down her chopsticks and looked at Cen Yuyan, “Quickly sit down and eat! When you find a man in the future, remember to keep your eyes wide open! After all, she is the Cen family’s fourth miss. If word gets out, this old woman will lose all her face!””

“Cen Yuyan stood where she was and continued, “Grandma, all of you have misunderstood Zhou Rui and his family. Although that bracelet is of the current craftsmanship, there’s a reason for all of this!””

“I don’t think there’s a reason. You’re the one who’s sick!”Old Mrs. Cen retorted. “Cen Yuyan! Do you still think that you’re not stupid enough? To be deceived twice by the same gigolo?”

Old Mrs. Cen originally thought that Cen Yuyan had already seen through the truth.

She didn’t expect this idiot to be so stupid!

She was furious.

“Cen Yuyan felt that old Mrs. Cen had a misunderstanding of Zhou Rui because the bracelet itself was a misunderstanding. “He didn’t lie to me! Grandma, Listen to me!””

“”I don’t want to listen to you!”Old Mrs. Cen continued, “I don’t agree with you guys being together!””

“”This is a major event in my life! I can make my own decisions!”Cen Yuyan continued, “Even if you don’t agree with US being together, I still want to be with him!””

“Yuyan!”Zhou Xiang stood up. “Your grandma is doing this for your own good! Can’t you listen to her?”

“For my own good? I think you guys are kidnapping me under the guise of doing this for my own good! I just like Zhou Rui. I just want to be with him!”

“Old Mrs. Cen nodded, “Alright, you want to be with him, right?”? “I’ll fulfill your wish. From today onwards, you’re no longer the Cen family’s fourth miss. I don’t have a granddaughter like you!”! “I’d like to see how long that gigolo can be with you without the Cen family’s fourth Miss Status!””