Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 930: 215: face-smacking by force! Official propaganda! 1

Translator: 549690339

Old Mrs. Cen was really very angry.

“She originally thought that Cen Yuyan was still her granddaughter no matter how stupid she was. Her blood flowed through her body, and as long as someone gave her some advice, she would be able to wake up. ”

But now it seemed.

“Cen Yuyan was already so stupid that she was beyond redemption. If she wasn’t allowed to experience despair, she would never grow up. ”

“Cen Yuyan raised her head to look at Old Mrs. Cen. “Okay, Grandma said this sentence by you! Then you just watch! Zhou Rui doesn’t love the Cen family’s fourth miss, he loves me!” ”

“”Okay, okay.”Old Mrs. Cen nodded repeatedly. “Then go and be with that gigolo! You Leave Now!” ”

“I’ll leave!”Cen Yuyan turned around and left.

“Wait a moment.”Old Mrs. Cen continued.

Cen Yuyan turned around. “What else do you need?”

“”Leave the car keys behind.”Old Mrs. Cen said, “The car you’re driving now was bought by the family. Not only is it the car you’re driving now, the cars in the garage are all from the family. Since you’re no longer the fourth miss of the Cen family, you definitely can’t drive the family car.” ”

“Without a word, Cen Yuyan placed the car keys on the coffee table. ”

“If she didn’t drive, she wouldn’t drive. ”

“After saying that, old Mrs. Cen continued, “And the few properties you have outside are also the family’s.” ”

“Okay.”Cen Yuyan took a deep breath. “I’m not staying.”

Old Mrs. Cen nodded in satisfaction.

“Cen Yuyan said, “Is there anything else? If not, I’ll be leaving first.” ”

“Let’s go.”Old Madam Cen waved her hand.

“Looking at Cen Yuyan’s back view without turning her head, Zhou Xiang stood up and said, “Fourth girl!” ”

“”Mom, What’s the matter again?”Cen Yuyan turned her head impatiently. ”

“Zhou Xiang looked at Cen Yuyan, “Fourth girl, your grandmother and I are both experienced people. We know what kind of person suits you and what kind of person doesn’t suit you. That Zhou Rui is obviously not a good man. You should call him right now and break up with him. Then, you should apologize to your grandmother and let this matter go.” ”

“After all, she was her own daughter. Zhou Xiang could not bear to see Cen Yuyan step into the Abyss step by step. ”

“Cen Yuying continued to speak, “Mother is right, fourth lass. If grandmother thinks that Zhou Rui is unreliable, then so be it. But now, all of us feel that Zhou Rui is unreliable! If you insist on doing things your way, you will definitely regret it in the future.” ”

“Cen Yuyan said, “I’m the one looking for a boyfriend now, not you guys. In the future, it will be me and Zhou Rui living together. I don’t understand why all of you treat Zhou Rui so deeply. Is it because Zhou Rui’s family background isn’t good enough? “All of you keep saying that you don’t value the family background of the man, but I really found someone with an average family background, and all of you are trying to stop me! “Don’t you feel that you’re too hypocritical?” ”

They weren’t just hypocritical.

They were simply extremely hypocritical!

“If Zhou Rui was born into a wealthy family and was also a rich second generation, they definitely wouldn’t be like this. ”

“To put it nicely, they were hypocritical. ”

“In fact, they were just snobbish and looked down on the poor. ”

Zhou Xiang and Cen Yuying didn’t expect Cen Yuyan to say such a thing.

“Cen Yueya stood up and said, “Mom, big sister, don’t try to persuade her! I think she’s bewitched. If she doesn’t suffer a little from Zhou Rui, she’ll never know how to turn back!” ”

“Cen yueying looked at Cen Yuyan. “Fourth girl! All of us are doing this for your own good. If you weren’t our fourth sister, Mother’s daughter, or grandmother’s granddaughter, who would care about you?” ”

“”I thank all of you for my own good! But I don’t need it!”Cen Yuyan continued, “Let’s stop here. I’ll leave First!” ”

For her own good?

“If the Cen family really did it for her own good, things wouldn’t be like this. ”

“She was already thirty-nine years old. It wasn’t easy to find someone who loved her, especially an outstanding man like Zhou Rui. ”

But these people in the Cen family seemed to be afraid that she would find her own happiness. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Especially old Madam Cen.

She doted on ye Zhuo a lot.

“Ye Zao liked desserts, so she recruited more than ten dessert masters. ”

She originally thought that old Mrs. Cen would also like Zhou Rui very much.

“After all, Zhou Rui was also a promising young man, not inferior to ye Zao at all. ”

She did not expect the reality to disappoint her.

“It was fine that Zhou Rui did not like Zhou Rui, but he even slandered Zhou Rui and forced her to break up with Zhou Rui. ”

Did he really think that she was a soft persimmon?

That she could be controlled by others?

Ridiculous!

“Cen Yuyan was too angry. When she turned around and left, she did not hesitate at all. ”

Zhou Xiang could not help but have tears in her eyes.