Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 939: 210: the entire Internet is in an uproar. She will never admit defeat! 3

Translator: 549690339

That seat should have been hers.

...

On the other side.

Zhou Rui’s residence.

“Zhou Rui melted the medicine given by mother Zhou into the white fungus lotus seed soup and brought it to Cen Yuyan to eat. “Yuyan, this is the white fungus lotus seed soup that I personally made. Try It and see how it tastes.””

“Cen Yuyan said in surprise, “You personally made it?””

“Yes.”Zhou Rui nodded.

“Cen Yuyan took the white fungus lotus seed soup with both hands. “Zhou Rui, you’re really too virtuous.””

“”I’m not so virtuous to everyone.”Zhou Rui continued, “Even my parents haven’t personally eaten the things I’ve made.””

Cen Yuyan drank a mouthful of the white fungus lotus seed soup and her heart was filled with happiness.

“Is it good?”Zhou Rui asked.

“It’s good.”Cen Yuyan nodded and handed a spoonful to Zhou Rui. “Do you want to have a taste too?”

“Zhou rui smiled and said, “I specially made this for you to eat. As a man, what does it look like to eat such a sweet and greasy thing?””

“Then I’ll eat it myself.”

Cen Yuyan ate all the Tremella lotus seed soup.

“Seeing Cen Yuyan eat all the Tremella lotus seed soup, Zhou Rui narrowed his eyes.”

The effects of Mother Zhou’s medicine were very good.

Cen Yuyan would definitely be able to successfully get pregnant after eating the medicine.

“At that time, he would be the Cen family’s legitimate son-in-law.”

“Thinking of this, Zhou Rui felt extremely happy.”

“In the future, the capital would be the Zhou family’s world!”

“After drinking the tremella lotus seed soup, Cen Yuyan originally wanted to wash the dishes, but she didn’t expect Zhou Rui to stand up and take the bowl from her hands. “Let me wash it.””

“Cen Yuyan smiled and said, “Let me do it. It’s very convenient to use the dishwasher.””

“Zhou Rui said, “Your bowl must be washed by me personally.””

“Cen Yuyan looked at Zhou Rui, her face full of happiness.”

Zhou Rui’s actions once again told her that she didn’t choose the wrong person.

It was a pity that the CEN family couldn’t see this scene. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The next morning.

Old Mrs. Cen sat in the dining room and ate breakfast.

“Usually at this time, CEN Shaoqing had already finished eating and was sitting on the sofa next to him reading the financial newspaper. However, this morning, Cen Shaoqing was nowhere to be seen.”

“Old Mrs. Cen asked curiously, “Where’s Shaoqing?””

“Zhou Xiang said, “I think he’s still upstairs exercising, right?””

Old Mrs. Cen frowned slightly. “I’ll go up and take a look.”

“After saying that, old Mrs. Cen turned around and walked upstairs.”

In the gym on the third floor.

“Through the glass, old Mrs. Cen saw the sweating Cen Shaoqing.”

“When she saw Cen Shaoqing raise a 150 kg barbell with one hand, old Mrs. Cen covered her mouth in surprise.”

He had such good waist strength and arm strength.

Old Mrs. Cen was more and more worried that ye Zhuo’s strength would not be able to keep up.

“After watching for a while, old Mrs. Cen walked downstairs to the dining room again.”

“Zhou xiang smiled and said, “Mom, is Shaoqing exercising in the gym upstairs?””

“Yes.”Old Mrs. Cen nodded.

“Zhou Xiang continued, “Mom, do you think we should find some time to go to Zao’s house? Let’s settle the matter between the two of them as soon as possible.””

“”No, no.”Old Mrs. Cen hurriedly shook her head.”

“”Why?”Zhou xiang asked in puzzlement, “Don’t you want to have a great-grandson soon?””

“Old Mrs. Cen thought of the scene of Cen Shaoqing lifting the barbell with one hand and said, “Yezi is still too young. Let’s Wait a little longer.””

With ye Zhuo’s small body.

It was enough for Cen Shaoqing to live for a few days?

“No, no, no.”

Ye Zhuo was only twenty years old this year.

He was still a flower bud.

It was said that less talking and more doing was the foundation of family harmony.

These two people’s physical strength was not on the same level. How could they talk less and do more?

How could they be harmonious?

“Therefore, they could not settle the matter between the two of them just like that.”

They had to wait.

“How could Zhou Xiang not understand what old Mrs. Cen meant? He smiled and said, “So that’s what you’re worried about.””

“Old Mrs. Cen continued, “When I went upstairs just now, I saw that stinky brat lifting a 150 kg barbell with one hand. Do you think he ate pig feed? He’s actually so strong!””

Ye Zao was only about 90 kg.

Didn’t this mean that Cen Shaoqing could lift three ye Zao in one go?

Old Mrs. Cen felt more and more that Cen Shaoqing had stolen pig feed.

“Otherwise, why would he be so strong?”

“Zhou Xiang said, “Actually, Zao’s strength is not small either. The last time I saw Country 2, I saw other guests carrying watermelons one at a time. Zao Zao carried three at a Time!””

“”Also, when they were mowing the grass, the other guests carried the watermelons back with others. Yezi carried them back alone.””

Old Mrs. Cen glanced at Zhou Xiang. “How can three watermelons be compared to a barbell that weighs 300 kilograms?”