Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 949: 216: Old Lady Cen was domineering and overprotective. Cen Yuyan took one wrong step after another! 7

Translator: 549690339

“Zhou Rui continued, “Since you don’t Have Me In Your Heart Anymore, I’ll respect your opinion and abort this child. When we meet again in the future, we’ll be strangers.” ”

“Zhou Rui!”Cen Yuyan immediately held Zhou Rui’s hand. “I didn’t mean that! I love you! I love you very much! I just don’t want this child.”

“Forget it.”Zhou Rui shook Cen Yuyan’s hand away. “I’ll immediately get the Doctor to arrange an operation for you.”

“After saying that, Zhou Rui turned around and left. ”

“Cen Yuyan couldn’t care about anything else. She was afraid that Zhou Rui would disappear in front of her in the next second. She immediately got up from the hospital bed and chased after Zhou Rui to grab his wrist, “Zhou Rui, don’t go! This is our child. I Won’t abort it! I’ll give birth to it!” ”

“Hearing this, Zhou Rui turned to look at Cen Yuyan. “Really?” ”

“Really.”Cen Yuyan nodded. “I’m not lying to you.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Since Zhou Rui wanted a child so badly, she would give birth to it. ”

She couldn’t go to Zhou Rui just because of a child.

“Cen Yuyan had a strange intuition. If she lost Zhou Rui, she would never be able to find a boyfriend as good as Zhou Rui in the future. ”

Therefore.

She could not lose Zhou Rui.

“”Yuyan, thank you.”Zhou Rui hugged Cen Yuyan excitedly. ”

“Silly.”

“Zhou Rui continued, “Yuyan, let’s Get Married! Will you marry me?” ”

“After saying that, Zhou Rui directly knelt down on one knee and took out a diamond ring from his pocket. ”

Marry?

Cen Yuyan was stunned.

She did not expect Zhou Rui to directly propose marriage.

“At this moment, Cen Yuyan’s heart was beating very fast. ”

Bang Bang Bang —

“After a long while, she finally reacted. Tears welled up in her eyes as she nodded. “Okay.” ”

Zhou Rui immediately put the diamond ring on Cen Yuyan’s finger.

“At this moment, Cen Yuyan felt that she was the happiest person in the world. Even being pregnant and giving birth to a child was not so scary anymore. She hugged Zhou Rui tightly. “I love you.” ”

The corners of Zhou Rui’s mouth curled up slightly. “I love you too.”

“Cen Yuyan was an old pregnant woman, so she stayed in the hospital for a week. She was only discharged after her fetus had returned to normal. ”

“Song Chenyu came over to fetch Cen Yuyan with flowers in his hands. “Yuyan, Congratulations. You’re going to be a mother.” ”

“Thank you.”Cen Yuyan received the flowers with both hands.

“Song Chenyu continued, “When do the two of you plan to Get Married?” ”

Get Married?

Cen Yuyan was in a difficult position when she heard this term.

“To get married, one needed a household register. Her household register was still in the Cen family, and everyone in the family objected to her being with Zhou Rui... ... If she were to go back and ask the Cen family for the household register now, it would probably be a little difficult. ”

Cen Yuyan frowned.

“Zhou Rui lowered his head and looked at Cen Yuyan. “Yuyan, let’s go and ask Auntie and Grandma for permission to be together!” ”

“Song Chenyu said, “Yuyan, I think Zhou Rui is right. No matter what, they are the people closest to you. Now that you are pregnant, they will definitely not sit idly by, especially your grandma. I remember that she loves children the most. If she knew that you are pregnant, she would definitely be very happy!” ”

Cen Yuyan sighed. “It would be strange if she was happy!”

“Song Chenyu continued, “Then what are you going to do? Are you going to continue living with Zhou Rui illegally like this? Even if you can, can the child in your stomach do it? Without a marriage certificate, the hospital won’t even give you a birth certificate! This child was born unregistered!” ”

Cen Yuyan frowned tightly.

“Zhou Rui pulled Cen Yuyan’s hand. “Yuyan, let’s go and beg aunt and grandmother now!” ”

“Cen Yuyan was of the Cen family’s bloodline, so his and Cen Yuyan’s child was naturally of the Cen family’s bloodline. ”

“Cen Shaoqing was unmarried, and the child in Cen Yuyan’s stomach was the only heir of the Cen family! ”

“Now that they were already cooked rice, could the Cen family still oppose them? ”

“But...”Cen Yuyan frowned.

“”No buts. I support Zhou Rui on this matter.”Song Chenyu pressed Cen Yuyan’s shoulder, pushed her into the car, and then closed the car door. ”

“Looking at the car that left in the dust, the corners of Song Chenyu’s lips curled up. ”

“He was finally going to get rid of this parasite, Zhou Rui! ”

The car soon arrived at the Cen family manor.

“However, the security guards did not allow Cen Yuyan and Zhou Rui to enter at all. ”

Cen Yuyan could only call Zhou Xiang.

“Zhou Xiang originally did not want to pick up, but Cen Yuyan called again and again. Helpless, Zhou Xiang could only pick up the phone. “Hello.” ”

“”Mom, it’s me.”Cen Yuyan said, “What happened in the past was all my fault. I apologize to you and also to burning. I hope that you can give me a chance to meet you. Is that okay?” ”

Zhou Xiang was stunned.

Cen Yuyan took the initiative to apologize to her?

“Seeing Zhou Xiang’s expression, old madam cen asked curiously, “Who called?” ”

Zhou Xiang covered the receiver with her hand. “Yuyan called! She apologized to me and said that it was all her fault in the past. She asked me to give her a chance.”

“Old Madam Cen snorted coldly. “There must be something fishy going on. She must have some big trick up her sleeve! If you want her to have something to say, say it over the phone!” ”

“Zhou xiang nodded and continued, “If you have something to say, just say it over the phone.” ”

“Cen Yuyan took a deep breath. “Mom, I’m pregnant. I want to marry Zhou Rui. I beg you to help us.” ”

“What? Pregnant?”Zhou Xiang’s expression immediately changed.

“Even in her dreams, she never thought that Cen Yuyan would actually be pregnant. ”

She was pregnant with Zhou Rui’s child?

“Old Mrs. Cen directly snatched the phone over. “Cen Yuyan, I’ll give you two choices now. First, you have to get an abortion and break up with that gigolo surnamed Zhou! Second, your name will no longer be on our Cen family’s household register!” ”