Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

“Chapter 951: 217: the true faces of Zhou Rui and song Chenyu, Cen Yuyan broke down! 2”

Translator: 549690339 Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Cen Yuying might seem gentle and gentle, but she was actually a black belt expert in taekwondo.”

Zhou Rui was just an embroidered pillow in front of her.

“Until now, she still didn’t understand why CEN Yuyan would like such a thing!”

“Cen Yuying looked at CEN Yuyan and continued, “If you still want to acknowledge our mother and our three sisters, then immediately cut off all contact with this person!””

“I love Zhou Rui. I Won’t leave him.”Cen Yuyan’s attitude was very firm.

“Cen Yueya stood out and said, “Fourth girl, is mother and our three sisters together not as important as Zhou Rui?””

“The corners of Cen Yuyan’s mouth curled into a mocking smile. “Then let me ask you, if the person who is pregnant today is ye Zhuo, will you also force Shaoqing to break up with Ye Zhuo?””

“You’re twisting the facts!”Cen Yuaya was furious. “Can Zhou Rui be compared to Zao Zao?”

“Cen Yuyan looked at Cen Yuaya. “Why can’t Zhou Rui be compared to ye Zao? We’re both humans, so why is Zhou Rui inferior to others? It’s obvious that you guys are biased!””

“Cen yueying could no longer listen to these words. She stood up and said, “Yuyan, this Zhou Rui is obviously lying to you. He’s interested in your status as the Cen family’s fourth Miss!””

“Zhou Rui immediately stood up to show his sincerity. “Third sister, don’t worry. I truly love Yuyan. No matter who Yuyan is, poor or rich, I will love her as much as I do now!””

“”Who is your third sister? Shut Up!”Cen Yueying said bluntly. “With this little trick of yours, it’s fine if you lie to the brainless Cen Yuyan, but you still want to lie to me? !””

“As she finished speaking, CEN yueying turned around to look at Cen Yuyan, hating her for failing to live up to her expectations. “You believe such low-level flowery words! Are You a pig?””

Cen Yuyan was not stupid.

She had a master’s degree from overseas and had won many awards.

It was just that she did not have a good eye for men.

“She had a few boyfriends before and after, all of them living off women. Among them, Zhou Rui’s methods were the best.”

“Now, he had actually gotten Cen Yuyan pregnant.”

“Cen Yuyan could not stand seeing her sisters insult Zhou Rui like this, she raised her head and said, “You keep saying that Zhou Rui took a liking to the Cen family’s fourth young Miss’identity, but what about Ye Zhuo? If Shaoqing was not CEN fifth master, do you think ye Zhuo would still be together with Shaoqing?””

Ye Zhuo was the true gold-digger.

“However, under the influence of the Cen old lady, when the Cen family members looked at ye Zao again, they automatically put on a layer of filters.”

“Zhou Xiang, who had been silent all this while, raised her head and looked at Cen Yuyan, “Zao Zao doesn’t need to rely on anyone. The person who is with Shaoqing is Shaoqing! “Since we’ve already said this, there’s no point in talking about anything else. I’ll ask you one thing now. Do you want him or us?””

“With the situation developing to this point, Zhou Xiang was completely disappointed in Cen Yuyan.”

“Cen Yuyan was thirty-nine years old this year, not a nine-year-old child.”

“Some things could be said at the right time, but repeating it over and over again did not have much meaning.”

“Zhou Rui pulled Cen Yuyan’s hand, then knelt down with Cen Yuyan. “Auntie, Yuyan and I truly love each other. Please help us.””

“Zhou Xiang lowered his head and looked at Cen Yuyan. “You chose him, right?””

“Cen Yuyan said, “Mom, can’t you help us?””

“”Okay, I got it.”Zhou Xiang raised his head and looked at the three Cen sisters. “Let’s go back.””

The three sisters followed Zhou Xiang’s footsteps.

“After taking a few steps, Cen yueying turned to look at Cen Yuyan. “Fourth girl, don’t be stubborn. Quickly break up with him!””

“I won’t break up.”Cen Yuyan’s attitude was equally firm.

Cen yueying shook her head helplessly.

“CEN yuying frowned and said, “This person was chosen by you. No matter what happens in the future, you have to bear with it.””

“”Don’t worry. No matter what happens in the future, I Won’t blame anyone!”CEN Yuyan continued, “Since that’s the case, then I’ll put it here. If Zhou Rui stands out in the future, none of you can take advantage of him!””

Someone like Zhou Rui still wanted to stand out?

Cen Yuya’s eyes were filled with speechlessness.

The mother and daughter continued to walk into the manor.

Zhou Rui looked at the backs of Zhou Xiang and the three Cen sisters and frowned slightly.

What did Zhou Xiang mean by this?

She didn’t agree to them being together?

But Cen Yuyan was already pregnant...

“Cen Yuyan stood up and said, “Zhou Rui, let’s go. Don’t kneel here! Even if we kneel until next year, they won’t agree to people like them who have a heart of stone.””