Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 953: 217: the true faces of Zhou Rui and song Chenyu, Cen Yuyan broke down! 4

Translator: 549690339

“”Could it be that those of us who are related to you by Blood Will Harm You? Yuyan, what’s wrong with you now? You Can’t even tell the good from the bad!””

“”Who exactly is the person who can’t tell the good from the bad?”Cen Yuyan suddenly raised her head to look at Cen Yueying, “Cen Yueying, Don’t blame me with the appearance of standing on the moral high ground! Don’t use your short-sighted eyes to measure the love between me and Zhou Rui! Don’t you think you’re too hypocritical? You’re someone who can even abandon true love. Do You Think You’re Worthy? Do you have the right to blame me?””

Cen yueying met her first boyfriend when she was 20 years old.

The two of them were madly in love.

“Just as they were about to discuss marriage, cen yueying was surprised to learn that the boy already had a fiancée in his hometown.”

“The two of them were in an arranged marriage. The boy did not love his fiancée, but under the pressure of his parents, he made a marriage contract with her.”

“After CEN yueying found out about this matter, she did not ask for the reason and immediately broke up with the boy.”

“Because in Cen Yueying’s opinion, no matter what the reason was, the person who interfered in other people’s feelings was a third party.”

Cen Yueying’s Pride did not allow her to become a third party.

She married her current husband in the same year.

“Because of this matter, CEN Yuyan had always looked down on Cen Yueying.”

“In Cen Yuyan’s opinion, since it was true love, they should be together.”

“Moreover, that boy did not love his fiancée, but Cen Yueying had forgotten their vows of eternal love. In the blink of an eye, she could marry a man she had only known for a few months.”

Why did Cen Yueying marry her brother-in-law?

It was all because he was rich!

“Although Cen Yueying’s first love was from a decent family background, she was nothing compared to her brother-in-law.”

In the end.

Cen yueying was still too realistic.

“If Cen Yueying’s first love was from a prestigious family, she definitely wouldn’t break up so easily.”Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“In fact, Cen Yuyan had wanted to say these words a long time ago.”

“But because of their sisterly relationship, Cen Yueying’s face had probably been hidden up until now.”

“She didn’t expect Cen yueying to not only not know gratitude, but instead, she followed the CEN family to criticize her.”

Did Cen yueying have the right to criticize her?

“Hearing these words, Cen Yueying was immediately stunned.”

She had never thought that Cen Yuyan would have such a person in her heart.

Disappointed.

Very disappointed.

“At this moment, CEN yueying could only express her endless disappointment towards Cen Yuyan.”

“”Yuyan,”Cen Yueying raised her head and looked at Cen Yuyan. “Don’t tell me that in your heart, I’m this kind of hypocritical and money-worshiping person?””

“”Don’t Tell Me You’re not?”CEN Yuyan continued, “If you’re not, why did you break up with Cao Wei back then?””

“Cen Yueying took a deep breath. “Words don’t mix. As a sister, I’ve already said what I should say. You should take care of yourself.””

“You have a guilty conscience?”Cen Yuyan’s lips were actually mocking.

Cen Yueying’s footsteps paused. “I hope you won’t regret it in the future.”

Regret?

Cen Yuyan narrowed her eyes.

Who would regret it?

Cen Yuyan returned to the door.

“”Yuyan, what did third sister say to you?”Zhou Rui asked impatiently when he saw her return.”

“”Some useless nonsense,”Cen Yuyan replied.”

“At this moment, an extended Lincoln steadily stopped in front of the two of them.”

The car door was opened.

Zhou Xiang helped old Madam Cen out of the car.

“”Auntie, Grandma,”Zhou Rui immediately greeted politely.”

Why did old Mrs. Cen and Zhou Xiang return?

They must have figured it out.

Zhou Rui was very excited now.

Old Mrs. Cen directly ignored Zhou Rui and looked at Cen Yuyan. “I’m going to ask you one last time. Do you not want to be with this Zhou?”

“Yes.”Cen Yuyan nodded.

“No regrets?”Old Mrs. Cen continued to ask.

“Cen Yuyan nodded very firmly. “Yes, never regret.””

“Old Mrs. Cen’s face didn’t have any expression. “Even if I break off my relationship with you, you won’t regret it?””

“No Regrets!”Cen Yuyan enunciated each word.

“”Good! Very good! Good one, no regrets!”Old Mrs. Cen smiled and said, “Then I’ll fulfill your wish!””

“Zhou Rui was overjoyed and quickly said, “Thank you, Grandma! Thank you, Grandma!””

Cen Yuyan was stunned.

She didn’t think that old Mrs. Cen would agree to her and Zhou Rui’s matter so easily.

Old Mrs. Cen turned to look at Zhou Xiang. “Give her the thing.”

Zhou Xiang nodded and took out a brand new household register from her bag. She handed it to Cen Yuyan. “Take this and register with him.”