Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

“Chapter 964: 219: Cen Yuyan finally came to her senses. Dog Bites Dog, a mouthful of fur! 7”

Translator: 549690339

“”Enough! Stop acting!”CEN Yuyan continued, “It’s been so long. Song Chenyu, aren’t you tired?” ”

Song Chenyu was about to say something when the busy tone came from the other end.

Cen Yuyan hung up the phone.

“When song Chenyu went over, the line was already busy. ”

“Soon, Zhou Rui called again. “How was it? Did you contact Cen Yuyan?” ”

“Song Chenyu tried hard to calm himself down and continued, “Did anything unusual happen to Cen Yuyan these past few days?”Song Chenyu was still confused. She didn’t know how Cen Yuyan found out about all this. ”

“”Unusual?”Zhou Rui said, “No! I haven’t seen her since I got my divorce certificate!” ”

Divorce?

It was also at this moment that Zhou Rui realized that Cen Yuyan had been scheming against him since the day he got his marriage certificate.

“At that time, he was too excited when he heard those words and didn’t have time to think about it. ”

“Now that he thought about it, Cen Yuyan’s reaction at that time was simply too strange. ”

“Song Chenyu continued, “Cen Yuyan already knows everything and has already blacklisted me.” ”

“Zhou Rui did not take this matter seriously. After all, Cen Yuyan was an idiot. He narrowed his eyes and said, “Then, let’s do another bitter-meat tactic?” ”

“This matter is not that simple. It can not be solved with a bitter-meat tactic.”

“”Then what do we do now?”Zhou Rui was about to cry. He continued, “Send me sixty million first. The platform is urging me to pay it back!” ”

“”60 million? Zhou Rui, you’re Crazy!”Song Chenyu raised his voice and said, “How can I have that much money?” ”

“Zhou Rui said, “If you don’t have it, then go and borrow it! You know so many celebrity friends. How can you not even be able to borrow 60 million! I don’t care. Anyway, I want to see it before six o’clock in the evening...” ”

“Before Zhou Rui could finish his sentence, song Chenyu directly hung up the phone. When Zhou Rui called again, it was already busy. ”

At the same time.

Zhou family’s villa.

“The moment Zhou Rui returned home, he saw Zhou family’s parents sitting in the living room, sighing. ”

“”Rui Rui, you’re back!” ”

“”Rui Rui, what’s going on? Why did the court close down our villa all of a sudden?” ”

“Zhou Rui frowned tightly. “These things were all caused by that slut Cen Yuyan! She first tricked me into getting a divorce, and then made me sign an unequal divorce agreement.” ”

“”B * Tch! Cen Yuyan is a B * TCH. She’s lucky that our Rui Rui took a fancy to her, but now she actually dares to do something evil!”Mother Zhou slammed the table and stood up. ”

“Zhou Rui’s face was full of worry, “Mom, let’s not talk about this for now! Cen Yuyan used my name to borrow sixty million dollars from a loan shark. The repayment period is just in a few days. If I can’t pay the money back, I’ll have to go to jail! Please help me think of a way!” ”

Zhou Rui was only 26 years old this year. He did not want to go to jail.

“Go and ask song Chenyu!”

“Father Zhou stood up and said, “Your mom is right! Go and ask song Chenyu!” ”

“Zhou Rui said, “I’ve asked her for money. She said that she doesn’t have any money.” ”

“”She said that she doesn’t have money?”Mother Zhou said fiercely, “If that little B * Tch dares not to give it, we’ll go to the news media and expose her! Let everyone know her true colors!” ”

“Ever since Cen Yuyan left the CEN family, she had been the one sending money to Zhou Ruihua. ”

How could she have any money to give to Zhou Ruihua Now? Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Upon receiving mother Zhou’s call, song Chenyu frowned tightly. “How many times do you want me to say it? I don’t have any money now!” ”

“”If you don’t have any money, then go and borrow it!”Mother Zhou said matter-of-factly, “You have so many celebrity friends. Don’t tell me they don’t have money too? I don’t care. I have to see 80 million yuan by Six o’clock Tonight!” ”

“Mother Zhou’s plan was very good. 60 million for Zhou Rui to repay the loan shark, and 20 million for the flowers. ”

“Their villa had been mortgaged to the bank, so they had to buy another house. ”

“After hanging up the phone, mother Zhou felt good. ”

This lousy villa could be mortgaged!

They would have a new villa soon anyway.

“Mother Zhou looked at Zhou Rui and smiled, “Don’t worry Rui Rui, I’ve already told that little slut that she will definitely transfer the money before six o’clock!” ”

Zhou Rui nodded.

“Time passed quickly. It was already six o’clock, but mother Zhou had yet to receive song Chenyu’s money. ”

What made Mother Zhou even angrier was that song Chenyu had actually blocked her cell phone number!

“This godforsaken little B * Tch! She’s really rebelling!”

“”Mom, what should I do now? I’m not really going to jail, AM I?”Zhou Rui looked at Mother Zhou with tears in his eyes. ”

He was really afraid.

A whole sixty million!

How many years would he have to go to jail?

“The more Zhou Rui thought about it, the more panicked he became. ”

“Seeing Zhou Rui like this, his mother’s heart ached. She hurriedly hugged Zhou Rui and comforted him, “Don’t worry, Mom will not let you go to jail!” ”

Song Chenyu had been contacting Cen Yuyan.

“After all, this matter was caused by Cen Yuyan. As long as he could contact Cen Yuyan, he could solve all the problems. ”

“For two whole days, song Chenyu did not manage to contact Cen Yuyan. ”

It was as if she had vanished into thin air.

“Just as song Chenyu did not know what to do, she received a call from her assistant. “Sister Chenyu, something bad has happened. Go on Weibo and look at the hot searches!” ”