Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

“Chapter 977: 221: a dragon has a reverse scale, it will be enraged if it is touched! 6”

Translator: 549690339

“An hour later, the old lady led a new woman out of the bathhouse. “How is it, Big Sister? Are You Satisfied?” ”

“The woman who had changed into new clothes seemed to have changed into a different person. Her facial features were very beautiful. Although there was a dull aura that could not be ignored, it was still able to make people’s eyes light up. It could be seen that.., she used to be an outstanding beauty. ”

Yang Jiao nodded. “Thank you.”

“”You’re welcome.”The aunty smiled. “If you have business in the future, come and take care of me.” ”

“Okay.”Yang Jiao casually dealt with the Aunty and then led the woman out.

Xi Weiyue stood outside the door waiting for them.

“When she saw Xi Weiyue, the woman subconsciously shrunk her shoulders. ”

“”Mom, are you done?”Xi Weiyue walked up and asked. ”

“MMM.”Yang Jiao nodded. “Where are we going now?”

Xi Weiyue narrowed her eyes. “Let’s go to the hotel first. I’ve just told Dad about this. He’s on his way here now.”

“Okay.”Yang Jiao nodded.

The mother and daughter trio quickly brought people to the hotel they had booked.

Xi Muwen was already waiting for them in the hotel’s living room.

“Dad.”

“Come in quickly.”Xi Muwen’s gaze fell on the woman. “This is the person you brought back?”

“Xi Weiyue nodded. “Yes, Dad. What do you think?” ”

Xi muwen sized up the woman from head to toe.

She was only three years old when she was sent away for half a month.

“A three-year-old child, her brows and eyes had not fully grown yet. It was impossible to tell what the child would look like in the future. ”

“The woman in front of him was not as outstanding as ye Langhua when she was young, but her facial features were still passable. ”

Xi Muwen’s gaze fell on the woman’s hand again.

“Ye Langhua had a very obvious red mole on her hand. Little Half Moon also had it, but this woman had nothing on her hand. ”

“Even without a paternity test, a discerning person could tell at a glance that this woman had nothing to do with Little Half Moon. ”

“Even though ye Langhua was old, she was not muddle-headed. ”

It would still be difficult to trick her.

“With this in mind, Xi Muwen frowned slightly. ”

“”Dad, What’s Wrong?”Xi Weiyue asked. ”

Xi Muwen voiced out his concern.

“When she heard this, Yang Jiao smiled and said, “I thought it was something big, so it’s because of this! Isn’t it just a mole? That’s Easy! Just find a beauty salon to do it!” ”

“Xi Weiyue nodded. “Mother is right. The medical standards are so advanced now. It’s just a mole, it’s very simple.” ”

“Xi Muwen picked up the briefcase on the table. “Then, let’s go now.” ”

“”There’s no rush.”Yang Jiao smiled. “I know a beautician. I’ll ask her if she has time. It’s very easy to get a mole, I can invite her to do it.” ” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Xi Muwen put down his briefcase. “Then quickly ask her if she’s free.”

Yang Jiao picked up her phone and chatted with the beautician.

“During the whole process, the woman curled up on the sofa and looked around vigilantly. ”

Xi Muwen turned to look at Xi Weiyue. “This person was brought back from the rescue station? Have you checked her background?”

“Xi Weiyue nodded. “Don’t worry, Dad. I’ve checked with the rescue station. She’s been wandering for a long time. If she had family, she would have been found long ago. There won’t be any problems.” ”

A woman who had gone crazy was a burden to her family. Perhaps her family had thrown her away on purpose.

Xi Weiyue had always been meticulous in handling matters. Xi Muwen let out a sigh of relief and nodded. “That’s good.”

Yang Jiao put down her phone and interrupted their conversation. “I’ve already contacted the beautician. She’ll be here soon.”

Xi Muwen nodded and turned to look at Xi Weiyue. “Give me a few strands of your hair.”

XI weiyue plucked three strands of hair from her head and handed them to Xi Muwen.

Xi Muwen turned to look at Yang Jiao again. “Give me a few strands of yours too.”

It was not enough to make a copy of the paternity test.

They still had to make ye Langhua and half a month’s worth of hair.

“In addition, Xi Muwen still had to bribe the doctor to leave a sample there. Now that they had found the person, there were some things that needed to be done sooner rather than later. They had to act quickly. ”

It was better to save time.

Yang Jiao did as she was told. She pulled out a few strands of hair and handed them to Xi Muwen.

Xi Muwen took the hair. “I’ll go to the hospital first. I’ll come back to look for you guys later.”

“Okay.”Yang Jiao nodded.

Xi Muwen then told Yang Jiao where the Little Red Mole grew on her hand for half a month before he went to the hospital.

“The beautician came very quickly. Not long after Xi Muwen left, the beautician arrived with a toolbox. ”

The woman was terrified when she saw so many strangers in one day. She hugged her head with both hands and screamed.

“”Shut up!”Xi Weiyue shot her a cold glance, and the woman immediately shut up. ”

The beautician glanced at XI Weiyue and subconsciously gulped.

Xi Weiyue then realized that she had lost her composure. She immediately revealed a gentle smile. “I’m really sorry. My Sister’s brain is a little bad. Sorry for making a fool of herself.”