Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 979: 222: Master Five has become the king of tricks! 2

Translator: 549690339

Zhou Rui was the only son of the Zhou family’s parents. He watched helplessly as his only son was brought into the police car. The Zhou family’s parents cried and shouted as they scolded Cen Yuyan.

“”Cen Yuyan, that B * Tch! Rui Rui, my Rui Rui!” ”

“”Dad, Mom, save me! I don’t want to go to jail! Dad, Mom! Cen Yuyan, you will die a horrible death!” ”

Cen Yuyan watched Zhou Rui being taken away by the police car from afar. Her eyes were filled with joy.

“Finally, she saw Zhou Rui get his retribution! ”

Cen Yuyan only turned around and left when the police car disappeared in front of her.

“Cen Yuyan drove to the vicinity of the Cen family’s manor and looked at the manor’s entrance from afar. She wanted to walk in and apologize to her family, but she never had the courage. ”

“Back then, for Zhou Rui, she had almost offended everyone in her family... ”

She was like an ingrate who didn’t know what was good for her.

What right did she have to make them forgive her now?

Cen Yuyan’s eyes reddened when she thought of the past.

Sorry.

She had let everyone down. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“After thinking for a long time, CEN Yuyan still didn’t have the courage to take a step into the Cen family manor. She bowed deeply to the CEN family manor and then boarded the plane to Thailand. ”

“That afternoon, the capital welcomed the first snowfall after winter. ”

Ye Zao was sitting at his desk reading when his phone suddenly rang.

“A deep voice passed through the phone screen and clearly entered his ears. “Hello, leader.” ”

Ye Zao held the phone in one hand and jumped on the keyboard with the other. His white fingertips formed a sharp contrast with the black keyboard. “What’s Wrong?”

“It’s snowing outside.”

Ye Zao raised his eyebrows slightly. “It’s snowing?”

“”Yes.”CEN Shaoqing continued, “Go outside and take a look.” ”

“Ye Zao pressed the Save Button and opened the door. When he came outside, it was indeed snowing heavily in the gray sky. ”

Laughter came from the yard.

Ye Zao looked down and saw an Lizi and Zhao pingting throwing snowballs at each other in the yard.

“Do you have time now?”Ye Zao asked.

“Yes.”

“Ye Zao said, “Then let’s Go Eat Hotpot! I have friends who haven’t seen you before.” ”

“”Okay.”CEN Shaoqing continued, “Shall I pick you up?” ”

“I don’t need to drive myself. Let’s meet at Shuangqiao Hotpot restaurant on Jinsha Road.”

“Okay.”

“After hanging up the phone, ye Zao went downstairs. “Lizi, Pingting, let’s Go Eat Hotpot? My Boyfriend’s treating.” ”

Zhao Pingting looked up at Ye Zhuo. “Really?”

“Although she had seen Cen Shaoqing before, she had only glanced at him briefly and had never sat down to have a meal together. When she heard that Cen Shaoqing was treating, Zhao Pingting was very excited. ”

“Of course it’s true.”Ye Zhuo nodded slightly.

“An lizi smiled and asked, “Then what is our departure?” ”

“”Right now.”Ye Zhuo continued, “I’ll drive there.” ”

“”Then I’ll go in and change first. Pingting, do you want to change?” ”

Zhao pingting nodded. “I want to change too.”

“Then let’s go and change first.”

“Seeing that an Lizi and Zhao Pingting had gone back to their rooms to change, Ye Zhuo also went back to his room to change. ”

“He wore a burgundy coat and a khaki scarf. His long black hair was evenly spread behind his head, making his already jade-white face look even more fair and transparent. ”

“Walking in the snow, he looked like a red plum blossom blooming in the wind. ”

He was dazzling.

“By the time an Lizi and Zhao Pingting came out after changing, Ye Zhuo had already driven the car to the entrance of the courtyard. ”

“Although it was snowing outside, Ye Zhuo’s speed was not slow. He sped all the way and soon arrived at the agreed restaurant. ”

“It was snowing today, so there were many people coming to eat hotpot in the restaurant. ”

“The steamy bottom of the Hotpot, which was emitting red oil, reflected the smiling faces of the people. It had a hint of a new year. ”

“There are so many people in this hotpot restaurant!”Zhao Pingting said.

“An Lizi nodded. “Actually, the taste of the Shuangqiao Hotpot is average. Many people are here for the service of their restaurant.” ”

“As soon as an Lizi finished speaking, a waiter came up to welcome them warmly. “Please come in! Do you have an appointment?” ”

“Ye Zhuo nodded slightly. “Yes, I do. is Mr. Cen Here?” ”

“Hearing the words “Mr. Cen”, the manager dressed in a suit immediately came up to them. “So you are fifth master’s Distinguished Guest. Please come with me.” ”

Ye Zhuo followed the manager.

The manager led the three of them upstairs.

“Unlike the lively first floor, the third floor was quiet and elegant. In the hall, there were girls in ancient clothes playing the lute. ”

“Jade beads jingled, and fairy music filled the ears. ”