Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

A scroll descended from the sky and landed right on Southern Sun’s hands. Everyone watched with bated breath, including the Jilin ancestors as well. The sudden decree from their Progenitor was truly shocking.

“Your disciple respectfully bids farewell, master.” After accepting the decree, Southern Sun ceremoniously kowtowed three times.

Despite being an imperious High Lord in the present, Southern Sun never forgot about the kindness and guidance Jilin had given him.

The strands of imperial aura finally receded from the clan and slowly dispersed. It meant that the monarch had gone into hiding again, no longer in the mundane realm.

Southern Sun took a deep breath and reverentially opened the scroll, revealing a wondrous light and power inside. This was clearly the supreme will of a monarch.

All eyes were on Southern Sun, wishing to know the content of the scroll. There must have been reasons for the sudden scroll and the chosen messenger.

Everyone paid attention to each movement from Southern Sun and time seemed to be passing by so slowly. Each minute lasted for as long as a generation.

After reading the decree, the High God assumed a dignified and solemn expression.

This made the crowd even more curious. Just what the hell was written on this decree?

In the end, the High God carefully rolled the scroll up again and tidied up his attire. He floated up to Li Qiye’s throne and prostrated respectfully: "This lowly god was a frog under the well, unable to recognize Your Excellency’s arrival, unaware of the immensity of the heaven and earth. I gladly accept your punishment!"

All were stunned by this scene with jaws dropping to the ground. No one could close their mouth.

This was a High God kneeling so respectfully in front of Li Qiye. Some ancestors rubbed their eyes and thought that they were only seeing things.

Li Qiye gently nodded in response: "Ignorance is not a sin, I pardon you." He waved his sleeve afterward.

After being granted forgiveness, Southern Sun finally stood up with piety in his eyes.

The crowd was still in disbelief. Earlier just now, Southern Sun wanted to teach Li Qiye a lesson so his shift in attitude only invoked further curiosity about the content of Immortal Monarch Jilin’s scroll.

For Southern Sun, this sudden shift wasn’t shameful at all because he was facing an overlord of the tenth world who once fought against the emperors of the three races. Moreover, this was someone who worked for the hundred races and obtained peerless merits. Just this alone was enough for the High God to worship him.

"I shall stay at the Jilin Clan for the next few days." Li Qiye spoke with a dignified tone towards Jilin Guanlu.

"Young Noble, no, Your Excellency, your presence is our honor." Guanlu quickly responded.

Li Qiye nodded and got down from his imperial throne. Southern Sun quickly said: "This lowly god will entertain you for the next few days in my master’s stead, just let me know if you require anything, Your Excellency."

Li Qiye accepted: "I shall accept Immortal Monarch Jilin’s goodwill and shall meet him later."

The monarch wasn’t in a position to come into being so he sent down this decree, telling his pseudo-disciple to handle the reception.

Southern Sun didn’t speak twice and supported Li Qiye’s arm before leading the way. [1]

They didn’t get far because Li Qiye turned around and told Guanlu: "Tell the geezers from your clan that I want to see that thing!"

"Absolutely." Guanlu hurriedly replied: "We will arrange it, Your Excellency." He didn’t dare to refuse at this moment.

Li Qiye finally left with Southern Sun leading the way. Guanlu breathed a sigh of relief... A supreme overlord, an ancient existence on the same level as their progenitor.

He became quite excited at this moment. That little princess was indeed smart and guessed Li Qiye’s identity correctly. Otherwise, their clan could have been involved in this mess. At that point, even their forefathers might not be able to save the offending juniors.

Meanwhile, the other ancestors present had an even harder time calming down. Even if they couldn’t guess Li Qiye’s true identity, judging from the monarch’s decree and Southern Sun’s attitude, this Li Qiye was definitely at the overlord level. Only such a being could alarm a monarch.

"Gentlemen, watch your words." Guanlu slowly told all of the ancestors present: "Don’t recklessly talk about today’s matters, I’m sure no one wants to invite a sect-destroying disaster?"

He wasn’t trying to threaten them, merely speaking the truth. A supreme overlord entering the mundane world for an unknown reason? He must have an earth-shattering purpose, something beyond their ability to speculate.

This wasn’t the topic for a casual chat. It could have something to do with the hundred and three races or even the monarchs and emperors.

Thus, running one’s mouth could end up offending somebody who was easily capable of annihilating a great power!

"Brother Guanlu, we’ll keep it in mind." One ancestor shuddered before solemnly answering.

First, let’s not even bring up Li Qiye’s identity. Just the scroll from Immortal Monarch Jilin alone was a taboo subject. There was no need for the monarch to do anything himself, his clan would take care of the leakers.

The other ancestors hastily chimed in accordance, not daring to take this situation lightly. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

"That’s for the best." Guanlu nodded and said.

In fact, he also took this matter very seriously due to its mystique. After all, an overlord coming into being was truly shocking.

Remember that it was prohibitively difficult for any emperor and monarch to come into being since a Heavenly Execution could come at any moment. But now, an overlord even destroyed his own cultivation to avoid the execution for an unknown purpose? Something incredible was about to happen.

It took a while before the iron curtain blotting out the sky dispersed. The ancestors from the clan finally breathed easier.

The young disciples from the clan were curious about this great matter but they couldn’t ask anything after seeing their seniors’ austere expression.

Even if a junior was bold enough to ask about it, all they would get is a scolding to not do it again.

In the depth of the clan with brilliant sceneries, immortal lights were oscillating everywhere. Birds were flying in this auspicious place with deers resting. Lingzhi was everywhere next to the divine trees...

An ordinary person couldn’t stay at such a paradise, not even ancestors from the clan. Only forefathers were allowed in this place, such as the monarchs and High Gods.

However, these high-level beings weren’t staying at the clan. Their descendants wanted nothing more than for their forefathers to return to this wondrous place for a few days.

Alas, after their monarchs went into seclusion, they have never returned to this place. Occasionally, some High Gods would visit for a few days.

Even the individual blade of grass was familiar to Li Qiye, stirring emotions in his heart.

The grasses and trees were still here but what about the familiar faces? The Jilin Clan was different now. It was still as prosperous as before but he couldn’t find the same emotions as before. The tinge of closeness and familiarity was gone.

After a long time, a knock came from outside. Li Qiye casually said: "Enter."

The Jilin Princess came in while holding a large wooden trunk. She placed it in front of Li Qiye and took out an item from inside: "This is the item that came down from the outer realm. The High God ancestors from out sect said that it has something to do with our Nightfall Immortal Monarch. Please have a look, Young Noble."

With that, she carefully placed the item in front of him.

1. Well, isn’t this usually a pretty girl’s job? Not sure I want an old man doing this for me