Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

“Boom!” The dao power from the numerous disciples of the Mu System resulted in a greater production of true dao water.

This water and progenitorial force entered the emperor again, causing him to have pillars of light shooting out and destroying everything in its path. The sky vault blew up into smithereens.

The crowd shuddered in response. The emperor finally possessed the power of the dao source and the forces of everything else in the system.

This might be his ultimate form. He might never be able to reach this state again, not even in the future with a better cultivation. All other living beings were mere ants since he could pluck the stars from above now.

“Boom!” With this absolute power, he swung the Gluttonous Battle Rod down again.

“Bam!” Li Qiye was once again smashed down into the earth. The surrounding area turned into ruins in a shocking manner.

“I think this is it, he’s finally dead.” Someone muttered but not completely sure.

“You think so?” Everyone had a varying degree of skepticism, but it was there.

If it was anyone else beneath that rod, they would be absolutely certain that the guy has been turned into blood and meat paste. This wasn’t the case for Fiercest. In fact, they feel that he would survive the entire heaven falling down straight on him.

Puresword True Emperor himself felt the same way. He didn’t know if that move was successful or not.

“May there be light on the first night with the start of primordial chaos!” Fiercest’s leisurely voice interrupted everyone’s rumination.

“I can’t believe this, is he a monster?” One master dropped down on his butt, unable to accept this reality.

“Have you ever seen such a powerful monster before?” His companion helplessly said.

“Rumble!” Li Qiye maintained the same posture as before while lifting up the immensely heavy rod in spite of its incredible suppressive nature.

“No way!” Puresword True Emperor bellowed like a cat with its tail stepped on.

He mustered more energy from the true dao water in order to push down again but the tide was changing.

“May there be light on the first night with the start of primordial chaos.” His voice continuously echoed.

A glow appeared in front of his chest while the entire world became covered in chaos. He became the only existence, the origin of everything. He was the chaos and the chaos was him.

The rod and all of its power couldn’t shake him at all.

This was Li Qiye’s grand dao - Seven Nights.

“You should be proud.” Li Qiye chuckled: “To make me serious enough to use my created grand dao is not bad at all. Even though it isn’t your own power, to be able to use it to this extent makes you a prodigy.”

The emperor had nothing to say, not knowing whether he should be elated about the praise or feel despair.

Fiercest had only gotten serious and only used his grand dao instead of going all out. On the other hand, he had all of his system’s power and resources along with the help of countless disciples. Facing an enemy like this was hopelessly cruel. Many shared this sentiment with the emperor while wondering about the real limit of Fiercest.

“Boom!” Li Qiye finally flipped the rod pushing him down away. The emperor staggered backward, nearly blown flying.

“My turn.” Li Qiye smiled.

He swung downward with both hands as if they were axes while chanting: “May there be dao on the second night, splitting the heaven and earth apart.”

This sentence was perfect to describe this scene. Nothing else could fit better. Three thousand worlds were split open by his hands.

The frightened emperor raised his rod to block the incoming blow.

“Boom!” Li Qiye’s hands slammed on the rod, issuing a deafening blast.

The emperor couldn’t stop it and spat out a mouthful of blood before smashing into the ground like a meteor.

He looked like a gigantic nail being hammered into the ground.

“Again.” Li Qiye pursued and used the same move again.

The emperor had no choice but to try and block with his rode once more.

“Crack!” The same impact happened and the emperor broke some bones. The area below him caved in with emanating cracks as large as canyons.

He was stained with blood from top to bottom. Half of his massive figure was pushed into the soil and rocks.

“No!” The disciples of Mu screamed because the emperor has assumed the form of their progenitor.

Seeing their progenitor being beaten like this was too much to take for them.

“Laws like the heavenly clouds form a path to holy Zhongnan, three kowtows and self-reflection...” They started chanting again with increasing intensity.

Alas, their efforts were in vain. The emperor couldn’t handle the suppressive nature of Li Qiye’s attack.

“Boom! Boom!” His massive form kept on sinking to the ground. If this went on, he would be completely buried.

He vomited blood during the process along with tiny pieces of his innards, bloodied from top to bottom - the pitiful result of trying to stop absolute power. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“No... no!” The disciples of Mu bellowed in despair. There was nothing more they could do. Even all of their grand dao power entering the emperor still wouldn’t be enough.