Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

“Boom!” The suns flew out but in this blink of an eye, it was as if all of them disappeared as well.

Next, they have reached the target’s chest and struck repeatedly...

In fact, these were mere illusions because the suns have entered the domain of time, no longer restrained by spatial limitations. Thus, what the crowd saw were mere visual phenomena.

“Buzz.” Li Qiye’s primordial tree lit up and the second dao fruit shook once. He started spinning - akin to a tornado, spinning top, or a great diamond. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Rumble!” Crushing explosions detonated as he jumped up several times.

Each jump would end with a downward attack with the hardness of a diamond. These attacks struck the various suns.

In this split second, it seemed that there were a hundred of him slamming down, perfectly hitting the suns traveling on the temporal lines.

“Boom! Boom! Boom!” These suns were crushed one after another as if they were fragile like porcelain.

It didn’t take long before the daoist’s one hundred suns got pulverized.

“How can this be?!” People couldn’t close their mouth from disbelief, unaware of the inner workings.

Remember, the daoist’s suns have entered the temporal lines and jumped out of spatial limitations.

However, Li Qiye was able to destroy all of them seemingly at the same time. It was as if there were one hundred of him. Each Li Qiye had a different appearance as they took down the suns.

“I have no idea what’s going on.” The powerful and knowledgeable ancestors became perplexed.

“Boom!” The next event happened during this short break. Li Qiye in his diamond form successfully kneed the daoist in the chest.

The daoist looked utterly confused. He didn’t know how Li Qiye got through his defenses to actually hit him.

As an Everlasting, his defense, movement techniques, and evasive measures were impeccable. No one should be able to get through everything to actually touch him.

Alas, these perfect techniques were rendered obsolete by Li Qiye’s knee. He fell from the sky and everyone could see the hole in his chest.

Everything seemed to be moving in slow-motion. They saw blood shooting out like an arrow from his wound during the fall.

“Bang!” He slammed into the ground, creating a pit that eventually grew as big as a crater.

His blood splattered everywhere, resulting in a moving scene. The crowd became suffocated. Some tried hard to breathe but found it impossible.

The daoist was considered to be unbeatable by most right now but he got bested by a single knee strike?

The Mu disciples who were celebrating earlier got struck by lightning and couldn’t move at all, looking as dumb like wooden chicken. Their dream about having a savior didn’t last a minute before crumbling. Words couldn’t describe their emotions right now.

No one understood how Li Qiye instantly defeated the daoist’s samsara severing technique. It was an amazing merit law that has been polished for generations, ending up with zero openings. That’s why the daoist considered it to be his best move.

The crux of the issue here pertained to Li Qiye’s second dao fruit named Acorn. Its greatest profundity allowed an eternal revolution with all of its power focused at a single point. Moreover, it would always target an opponent’s biggest opening to deliver a fatal blow.

Because of this, the dao fruit could still defeat the daoist’s samsara severing even though it has exceeded the physical limitation of space. It extended beyond that, allowing Li Qiye to knee the daoist’s chest through his various defenses as well.

The most formidable thing about the dao fruit was its effective precision, able to seek out any flaw and instantly take down the enemy.

“How silly thinking you’re invincible already after only reaching the door of the Everlasting level.” Li Qiye yawned and nonchalantly said.

Everyone got cold sweats after witnessing the last exchange. Some fell on their knees, losing the courage to stand because of this terrifying scene.

An Everlasting couldn’t handle one move from Li Qiye. What about them? Perhaps he could kill them with a single finger, no, a single strand of hair.

Thus, he could say whatever he wants right now and they would take it as facts. It was fine for him to view the daoist as an ant too.

“Looks like your helper isn’t competent enough.” He then smiled at Puresword True Emperor.

The emperor was shocked and took one step backward. He thought that the daoist would be able to put up a good fight to buy time for heal to heal then the two of them could team up against Li Qiye. It looked like he still underestimated Li Qiye and couldn’t restore his vitality in time.

In his mind, Li Qiye was the scariest existence possible. His unyielding dao heart was shaking right now.

He wasn’t the only one. All spectators felt the same fear towards Li Qiye, Eternals included. From now on, just his words and declarations alone commanded prostration, no need for his actual presence.

“Is it over?” The crowd stared at the crater, hoping that the daoist could come back up.

If an Everlasting got finished after a single move, then what was the point of cultivating for the rest of them? It was better to be a mortal than to spend years training only to be inferior to a single strand of hair from Li Qiye.