Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Li Qiye also joined the other new recruits at Jade Bird Peak.

This place served as the starting point for newcomers. The majority of disciples at Divine Black had cultivated here before.

Li Qiye lived alone thanks to Fuyou and Huang Jie’s planning instead of staying with the other disciples.

Fuyou knew Li Qiye’s personality and temperament. The latter simply didn’t like being bothered. Plus, a secret was hard to keep when many were in the know. That’s why it’s better for Li Qiye to have his own peak.

The place was remote but at least no one was around to bother him.

Jade Bird was one of the five branches so it had nearly one hundred peaks under its jurisdiction. Jade Bird was simply the name of the main one here.

Li Qiye had a peaceful and comfortable time at his own place. He didn’t go to lectures like others and only stayed here, cultivating his merit law and reading books.

Jade Peak had several libraries so he would borrow from them. The majority consisted of entertainment and leisure reads, at least in the eyes of the others.

Activating all thirteen sections made him famous in Divine Peak. Both the new disciples and older seniors knew about him.

However, he was even more well-known for his laziness regarding cultivation. He would only read books - something frowned upon. Many gossiped and criticized him for doing so since they didn’t want to waste time doing anything other than train.

Li Qiye also didn’t join any senior’s banner. The teachers at Jade Peak were told to let him be by Huang Jie and Fuyou.

Plus, he had three mortal aptitudes. No one wanted to take him in because it was difficult to teach someone like him. They didn’t want to ruin their reputation.

Li Qiye ignored all the gossip and simply focused on doing his own things. He read about the history, legends, and conditions of Eight Desolaces... Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

From these things, he could derive certain truths and origins, such as the background of a Dao Lord or the existences behind the forbidden grounds.

Ordinary disciples couldn’t spot these details, only someone at his level.

The libraries here were impressive with books passed down from the epoch called Nine Worlds. After reading plenty, he gained a deep understanding of Eight Desolaces.

Today, he picked the main library on Jade Bird Peak itself. It had few entry merit laws compared to the other peaks, just an ample selection of other books.

His arrival attracted plenty of attention.

“Look, that Li Qiye is here again.” One whispered.

They knew that he was a frequent visitor to the libraries, focusing on entertainment instead of merit laws - a strange breed compared to the other disciples.

“What a shame that someone like him would have the Nine Primeval Laws.” Many were jealous of him; some even gritted their teeth with animosity.

Just think about it, the Nine Primeval Laws were essentially their sect’s strongest laws. Anyone would be immersed in training if they were lucky enough to obtain these laws.

If they weren’t strong enough now, they would do everything to get to the level where these laws became accessible.

Li Qiye and Thousand Arms Bodhi King were the only two in possession of these laws right now. Or, he could even trade in the laws for something else more suitable.

Alas, he wasted his time reading trivial books. Others considered this an unacceptable waste of the nine laws.

“He knows his own limit.” An older disciple sneered: “His talents alone can’t cultivate anything worthwhile, he probably doesn’t even understand anything after reading the nine laws and lost hope. He chose to be a piece of trash instead, just idling through the days.”

“But he activated thirteen sections, more than Senior Sister Qianyue. How can he lack ambition like this?” A few felt bad for him.

Li Qiye’s feat during the recruitment test could be described as a miracle, far outperforming Gong Qianyue.

He should have been working harder to become the sect’s strongest disciple afterward. This wasn’t the case for Li Qiye.

No one had seen him at a lecture before, let alone training.

Some wanted to slap him so that he would wake up from this self-inflicted stagnation, pulling him out of the quagmire.

However, he chose to be alone and kept a distance from everyone else. No one got the chance to persuade him otherwise.

“Bah! Don’t compare him to Senior Sister Gong. He needs to take a look at himself with a piss mirror.” A fan of Gong Qianyue said with contempt.

She was a beautiful genius so she had no lack of fans in the sect. Thus, any comparison between Li Qiye and her swiftly incited a strong distaste.

“But he activated thirteen, Senior Sister Gong only had five.” One disciple found the whole thing to be magical.

“Hmph, you can’t attribute this to anything other than luck. How can a Mortal Shell cultivator with the worst innate constitution activate thirteen sections? It’s impossible.” A fan dismissed the feat.

The first disciple had nothing to say. It became a near-consensus that the activation was nothing more than a stroke of luck.

After all, Qianyue and her inborn true fate only managed to get five. The lack of logic resulted in doubts.

Li Qiye ignored the negative whispers and headed for the library. There existed a large statue made from an unknown material. It had a gray color while exuding a cold chill.

It depicted a person riding a Black Tortoise flying towards heaven. It told a story of domination, one of a ruler surpassing all else. Other existences would need to prostrate before him. His peerless aura and style allowed him to ride on the great divine beast.

The presence of this statue commanded respect and reverence. Other disciples would quiet down when walking by this area.

Li Qiye wanted to laugh every time he walked past this place because of how amusing the statue was.

He stopped by each time to take a brief gander. He had to admit that whoever made this statue put in a lot of thoughts and efforts.

“The patriarch created this statue.” A disciple got near and quietly told Li Qiye. He was young with a tiny pair of antlers on his head.