Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Nearly everyone stood in a daze while watching Li Qiye leave the library.

Few among the first generation of disciples dared to challenge Yang Si. Those with lower cultivation definitely wouldn’t do so.

The difference of a realm was insurmountable, to say the least. Challenging those above was akin to courting death. One needed a special innate skill or peerless treasures to overcome this.

Now, Li Qiye was two realms below Yang Si; a Mortal Shell versus a Silver Carapace. The disciples here found this ridiculous, especially Li Qiye’s claim to take down Yang Si.

“Who will kill who? This brat is crazy, he can cultivate for another ten years and it still won’t be enough.” One disciple shook his head, thinking that Li Qiye had gone mad.

“He’s tired of living for wanting to fight Senior Brother Yang.” Another snorted.

“Hahaha!” Yang Si himself guffawed after calming down, not expecting this outrageous development.

“Take me down, huh?” Yang Si was actually furious by this public disdain from an insignificant disciple: “I want to see how a Mortal Shell will miraculously overcome two realms to kill me.”

“Senior Brother, teach this ignorant guy a lesson.” A disciple cheered.

“Yes, let him know about the proper hierarchy at our sect, that he can’t act haughty and need to tuck his tail between his legs.” One more said.

These disciples had a good relationship with Yang Si so they naturally cheered him on.

“Hurry up, I have to go read after I kill you.” Li Qiye stood outside the library with both hands behind his back. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Others in Jade Bird have heard the news and immediately came to see the fun. They heard that a Mortal Shell disciple was challenging Yang Si, going as far as saying that he would kill the guy. They wanted to see how Yang Si was going to teach this Li Qiye a lesson.

“You choose hell instead of heaven so I’ll let you have all the torture you so desire now.” Yang Si chillingly declared before walking outside.

His goal was to gather some information from Li Qiye by antagonizing the guy. This escalated into a great opportunity. He wanted to teach Li Qiye a lesson rough enough that the guy would never walk with his head held high again.

“Are they really fighting?” The outer area of the library was filled with disciples by this point.

“Obviously.” An older disciple said: “That Li guy ran his mouth so now, he has to face the consequence. Senior Brother Yang is among the top ten in Jade Bird while he’s a new disciple. This is what he gets for being disrespectful.”

“His ego swelled after getting lucky at the recruitment trial. He probably thinks he’s a great genius. That’s gonna stop today, Senior Brother Yang won’t hold back.” Another gloated.

Li Qiye didn’t have many fans in Jade Bird because they were both jealous and envious of his luck. That’s why some were more than willing to see him taken down a notch.

Yang Si stood with his back by the statue while facing Li Qiye. His face had an ominous smile: “Let me know how you want to end this, all your bones broken or your face stomped in?”

He never thought about killing Li Qiye at the start but definitely had murderous intentions by this point. He despised Li Qiye’s nonchalant and confident attitude.

“You’re the one who needs to stay your last words while you still have the chance.” Li Qiye replied.

“Hahaha, last words? You can’t be serious. Where is this confidence coming from? Do you think you’re an actual young master or something? No, you’re nothing more than a village boy stuck at Mortal Shell, an insignificant ant.” Yang Si laughed from being too angry.

The others thought that Li Qiye didn’t know what he was doing as well.

“He definitely didn’t get enough sleep last night, trying to fight someone two realms higher.” One student coldly uttered.

“He’ll wake up soon enough but it’ll be too late then. He must pay a price for his action.” One more added.

“Start if you have nothing to say.” Li Qiye said flatly.

“I start first? Are you going to let me get three moves first too, oh great genius who can perform miracles? So much shameless ego.” Yang Si was furious.

A cultivator like him should be able to crush Li Qiye with one palm strike, turning him into a pile of flesh. Now, Li Qiye calmly said that he could start first, showing nothing but disdain. The whole thing was ridiculous and infuriating.

The crowd snorted as well. They thought that Li Qiye didn’t know that he was about to die and that he was nothing more than a clown.

Daowei smiled wryly. He tried to drag Li Qiye away at the start but failed. The situation had escalated beyond his control. No one could save Li Qiye now.

“Go.” Li Qiye maintained his air of arrogance.

“Have it your way then, I’ll let you die an agonizing death!” Yang Si was ready to kill.

“Clank!” His chaos true energy poured out and latched onto his body, forming a shiny silver armor.

This was the so-called silver carapace. This cultivation realm allowed its user to turn energy into a full set of armor, increasing their defensive capabilities along with physical prowess.

Ordinary weapons, especially those in the mortal world, had no chance of hurting Yang Si. He could stand still and mortals still couldn’t hurt him.

Even weapons at the yellow grade weren’t enough unless his opponent was stronger than him.

“Intermediate Silver Carapace!” Many students blurted out in astonishment.

Yang Si was no genius but his talents weren’t bad. It was impressive for him to be at this level given his age.