Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

A statue that has been stable for millions of years suddenly fell on Yang Si? Zhan Hu wouldn’t believe this if he wasn’t here in person.

He frowned slightly because he was the one who ordered Yang Si to keep an eye out on Li Qiye. Some people of the upper echelon in the sect wanted to know more about Li Qiye.

Who would have thought that something like this would happen so quickly?

He didn’t believe that this was a coincidence and started surveying the area. Maybe someone was helping Li Qiye.

Otherwise, a Mortal Shell like him wouldn’t have accepted this challenge. He couldn’t make the statue fall down either.

However, Zhan Hu didn’t spot a stronger cultivator nearby and started pondering for a bit.

“Killing a fellow sect member is a serious offense, what do you have to say?” Zhan Hu eventually uttered.

His goal was to capture Li Qiye first then bait out the people backing him up.

The other disciplinary members immediately surrounded Li Qiye with their hands on their weapons. The atmosphere became austere.

The spectators hurriedly retreated, not wanting to be involved in this mess. These enforcers didn’t mess around. Disciples weren’t allowed to resist or they could rightfully kill on the spot.

Everyone knew that they weren’t messing around right now. Li Qiye needed to obey in order to avoid death.

“He’ll be going to prison this time, maybe awaiting his execution day.” One disciple laughed.

“A life for a life, this is how it should be.” Jealousy seemed to be a common theme in the crowd.

Perhaps Li Qiye was too lucky and some wanted to see him suffer.

“Good doggies don’t block the road, move or die.” Li Qiye glanced at them before threatening.

His casual tone surprised and infuriated them. Zhan Hu’s expression darkened with a cold gleam in his eyes.

The rest became scared out of their mind, Daowei included.

“Did he just say that to the enforcers? Is he insane?” One disciple blurted out.

The disciplinary group had great authority in Divine Black. Appeals were possible later but resisting arrest was problematic.

This was more than that since Li Qiye threatened to kill them. This was far more serious than challenging Yang Si.

Li Qiye would have nowhere to hide in Divine Black. The only place he could go was the prison.

“Last warning, surrender or we will kill you right here and now.” Zhan Hu ordered. One could hear a powerful regal aura coming from him along with tiger roars.

He gave a chilling impression of being a primal tiger, ready to lunge on its prey. The others naturally staggered backward in fear.

Even the new recruits knew that Zhan Hu was at the Conqueror Vessel level. Not many young disciples possessed this power in Divine Black.

“It won’t be long until First Brother reaches the manifestation realm.” An older disciple quietly said after feeling his powerful aura.

This made those nearby have even more respect towards Zhan Hu.

Li Qiye responded to the warning with a dismissive glance before turning to leave.

“Insolent brat!” Zhan Hu was livid and wanted to kill.

He suffered the same phenomenon that Yang Si did earlier. There was something about Li Qiye’s nonchalant attitude that rubbed them the wrong way.

Plus, no disciples in Jade Bird have ever dared to question his authority.

“No mercy for those who disobey direct orders!” His eyes became murderous as he commanded.

“Clank.” The enforcing members unsheathed their weapons, ready to attack.

“So suicidal.” Everyone present thought that Li Qiye had a death wish.

“Stop!” A thunderous shout froze the scene. The crowd tumbled backward from the deafening blast. Even the enforcers who were stronger than normal members of the sect became frightened and staggered in fear.

Zhan Hu immediately turned around and saw Thunder Dragon Liu running over.

“Junior Uncle, are you trying to protect the offender?” He uttered coldly.

Fuyou had a mighty aura around him. The enforcers had more people but they couldn’t actually beat him. They were only a small group from Jade Bird, the weakest peak.

Zhan Hu started wondering if Fuyou was behind this. He was definitely capable of doing this because he has been a Conqueror Vessel for so long now. If Fuyou wanted to kill Yang Si in a secretive manner, no one here would have a clue.

“It’s Senior Uncle Liu.” Many disciples knew him since Fuyou used to be a big shot among the second generation disciples. [1]

“He used to be a genius in our sect, right?” The young ones have heard of his stories.

“Virtuous Nephew, law enforcement requires incorruptible neutrality. Don’t be accusing others so quickly, Yang Si’s death is just an accident witnessed by everyone here.”

“An accident? As if there can be such a big coincidence. How can someone as strong as Yang Si be crushed by a statue?” Zhan Hu retorted.

“You’re not the one with the final say. The elders and the peak lords will make a decision.” Fuyou raised his hand to stop the enforcers.

Meanwhile, Li Qiye didn’t really care about any of this, continuing to walk away. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Sure, but we must throw the suspect into jail first! Don’t tell me you wish to break the rules of our sect?” Zhan Hu aggressively took one step forward.

Fuyou frowned after seeing Zhan Hu not backing off. He was one seniority level higher than Zhan Hu yet the latter didn’t show any respect.

It seemed that he was confident in both his strength and backing, no longer needing to be afraid of Fuyou.

“You wish to force my hands?” Fuyou became aggressive.

He didn’t want to cause trouble but that didn’t mean he would let a junior walk over him. Ultimately, he wouldn’t let Li Qiye be captured by the disciplinary group either since nothing good would come from that.

“Junior Uncle, if you insist on protecting this villain and violate our sect’s rules, then yes, I will have to overestimate myself and witness your skills.” Zhan Hu pushed on.

The spectators retreated farther away. They also expected this because Li Qiye came from Liu Village so Fuyou would naturally back him up.

“Okay, okay, calm down, everyone.” A clear and bright voice disrupted the tense atmosphere.

Huang Jie continued: “Further deliberation is necessary, no need for fighting. Let the sect decide who is right or wrong.”

He had some influence right now on top of being an Enlightened Being. On the other hand, Fuyou has been gone for too long. His authority was no longer the same as before.

1. This seems a little off to me because first should be older than second. Just going off the author right now.