Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Li Qiye eventually arrived at Stone Plateau. This wasn’t the name of a specific place but rather, just a broad territory. Some said that it encompassed one-third of northern West King.

Peaks and mountains were everywhere. Strangely enough, one could say that the peaks here were different from other places. They were actually just extremely large rocks.

After many years, mud and vegetation eventually grew on top of these rocks. This made it easy for others to mistake them for peaks and mountains.

There was another possibility - these big rocks might have been living beings, or at least they used to be a very long time ago. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

These beings were called golems. They could take on this form and were still considered alive. Those capable of taking on these gigantic forms meant that they were extremely powerful before the transformation.

Outsiders might find this strange and terrifying. However, the scholars learning about this race understood that this was atavism - the final pursuit of the golems.

Plenty of records and legends existed for this race. Unfortunately, the majority has disappeared because of time. It became hard to differentiate actual history from mere legends as well.

One record stated back the golems didn’t look like this back in the Nine Worlds Epoch. Back then, they were born as rocks but could still move. Some were able to gain flesh just like humans. Their atavism also existed back then, albeit different from modern times.

According to the rumors, the old atavism also turned a golem into stone or jade. However, they would still be a moving creature.

Today, atavism meant turning into an actual rock, becoming a part of the world. The previous being would cease to exist and move on to a different, unknown destination.

Pseudo-atavism was also a thing. These existences were magical. Strangely enough, the requirements for reaching this state were actually harder than atavism, necessitating powerful cultivation.

They would also turn themselves into a rock, statue, or even a mountain. However, one day, they would be able to wake up and live again.

Many wanted to understand this process. Why? Because the strongest master would eventually die one day regardless of their sealing method for prolongment.

Moreover, these sealing methods required a heavy price in terms of resources. The stronger the cultivator, the more resources were used.

On the other hand, golems could prolong their life infinitely with pseudo-atavism. One might say that this could be considered an everlasting life.

Of course, most disagreed. They would say that actual atavism was closer to everlasting life.

One important historical figure gave an answer to these questions. He was known as the Golem Ancestor.

He said that no one could obtain true immortality. Life and death were inseparable.

Atavism was only a return to the source, a way to reach a better destination. Many descendants gave up on atavism because of his comment.

What was the point of becoming a lifeless rock? So what if they could exist until the end of time?

Many golems stopped trying to reach atavism. They would rather keep their flesh body and die from old age after experiencing the joys of life. There would be no regrets.

Nonetheless, some golems also chose atavism instead. Perhaps this was an instinct or just out of curiosity for reaching the source. Most who have done so became rocks and sank to the ground, disappearing forever.

All in all, Golem Ancestor changed the direction of his race. They took a different path compared to their ancestors back in the previous epoch.

No one knew where he came from or his cultivation origin, only that modern atavism became widespread because of him.

During the period known as Mid-chaos, he appeared and became a brilliant dao lord on the same level as Sun-ender Dao Lord, Space Dragon Emperor, and Azure Ancestor. [1]

After he became a dao lord, many golems followed him and learned how to cultivate.

Keep in mind that Eight Desolaces were engulfed in chaos during this period. Numerous mortals and cultivators died for no reason.

Golem Ancestor emerged as a leading figure and created a home for the golems. They eventually reached their golden age during this era while other races were suffering.

That’s why his people loved him and began to copy him, embarking on the path towards pseudo and true atavism.

As this went on, the golems became uncommunicative and isolated. Few people could see them in other places. The entire race changed because of him.

No one knew where he came from or who he was, only that he was a golem, of course.

However, he had a particular appetite for chicken soup. Moreover, he also called himself “Black Duck”. [2]

Of course, no one dared to call him “Black Duck”, especially during the golden age of the golems.

People eventually forgot about this name altogether, only remembering him as “Golem Ancestor”.

All in all, the actual name and background of Golem Ancestor became one of the biggest mysteries of Eight Desolaces.

“Black Duck.” Li Qiye smiled after stepping into this land, recalling this name.

He got on top of a mountain to have a better look at the place, sensing the flow and changes in the area.

“Golem Ancestor, huh? Quite amazing and capable, taking charge of an entire race all alone.” Li Qiye became sentimental. He actually knew of Golem Ancestor’s origin and the secrets behind all of this.

“Blue seas where once were mulberry fields. You can make an entire race reach atavism and it still isn’t enough to change anything. It’s not a bad strategy though. Can’t save others so worry about oneself first.” Li Qiye chuckled and shook his head.

1. These names might be changed depending on the context

2. Another hard term to translate since it has several meanings. Black Duck is the safest one without context, can be a sinister/shady duck too