Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3555: Woodchopper

This group of students crossed through another peak and saw black clouds with thunderous explosions not far from there.

“Members of the ghost race?” The female student known as Junior Brother Ling became curious since she saw figures in the black clouds.

“Oh, fellow students from the Black Cloud Tribe.” One of them was also from the ghost race and immediately came over to ask: “Where are you guys going?” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

However, the experts inside the clouds ignored them. A younger one glared at them with an arrogant expression. This group then moved towards the valley ahead.

“Hmph, so rude.” One student snorted after seeing the contempt.

After all, the students in the academy were all proud; most were geniuses from Metropolis Division. No weakling could enter this prestigious academy.

“Black Cloud Ghosts are famous recently, it’s understandable that they’re arrogant.” An older student aware of this development said.

“Rumble!” As they were talking about this particular tribe, loud explosions came from the valley ahead. Black clouds proliferated along with lightning bolts.

‘I think they’re hunting chaos primal beasts.” One student scouted ahead and shouted.

“Come, let’s take a look and see what amazing beast they’ve found.” The others were awfully curious and rushed forward.

Meanwhile, layers of black clouds engulfed the valley. The shrouded figures inside them sent down thick lightning bolts.

“What beast is in there? They’re actually using a grand formation.” A ghost student found this surprising.

“Raa!” A massive shadow leaped out of the valley and easily smashed through the sealing formation.

“Boom!” The creature resembled a draconic beast with a serpent body and steel scales. It had wings and three heads. The jaws had red scales.

This chaos primal beast shocked all the spectators nearby.

“Which primal beast is this? It’s huge!” A young student bellowed.

“Shit! It’s a three-headed winged serpent!” A male student was scared out of his mind.

“Poof!” The students were stunned along with the experts from the Black Cloud Tribe. The serpent completely caught them off guard and opened its mouth, spewing out an inferno of lava instantly drowning the valley.

“Ahhh!” The experts from Black Cloud Tribe couldn’t stop the waves in time and were reduced to ashes.

“Wow, it’s so strong. That is at least an earth-level chaos primal beast.” The students from the academy became aghast.

The serpent suddenly looked over towards the students’ direction. They felt as if they had just fallen into a pit of ice and immediately shuddered.

“Run!” One student regained his wits and immediately fled.

“Shit, run!” The others followed suit.

“Raaa!” The serpent immediately gave chase with incredible speed. One student looked back and saw it drawing closer.

“We have to split up, maybe it’ll distract its three heads!” An older student shouted.

“We’re going this way!” Another shouted and ran with one group.

It didn’t take long before the rest scattered in different directions.

“Screech!” The sky suddenly turned dark. A gigantic bird emerged and started rushing for them as well.

They were scared out of their mind, being chased by a ferocious serpent and fierce bird.

“Get on the ground and use the terrain! It’s too easy being a target up there!” An experienced student shouted and jumped back into the forest.

The others realized it and commanded their mounts to run for cover.

“Let’s go this way!” The girl named Xiao Ling was lucky enough to run away from the bird. She and her two female friends made it to a peak.

Meanwhile, they could hear loud explosions and cries from their friends. They were scared out of their mind and looked for a place to hide.

Once everything quieted down, they finally went out.

“What, what should we do?” They were lost after running away. They only came to sightseeing and didn’t have a map after the group was split. This made them anxious.

Any other place would have been fine since they were strong. However, this was Myriad Beast Mountain. An earth-level beast like that serpent earlier would have been too much.

“Let’s go, maybe we can follow the creek to the entrance.” Xiao Ling didn’t have a good idea but still came up with something.

Her two friends were okay with this and followed Ling. Unfortunately, the creek had twists and turns before disappearing into the ground. They lost their direction afterward like headless flies. The roars of beasts continued to frighten them.

“Hey, I think I heard someone.” Xiao Ling suddenly stopped after crossing several more peaks and told her friends.

“Really? Other students?” The two girls started focusing.

“Who’s the first to understand the grand dao, no one else but me...” They could hear a song from a distance. They exchanged glances - it wasn’t their fellow students.

“At least there’s people, maybe they’re from other sects? We just need to leave this place and we’ll be safe.” Xiao Ling said and followed the direction of the void. Her friends were right behind her.

They finally saw someone - a youth carrying firewood while singing with a leisure expression. Next to him was a yellow dog, skinny down to the bones from being hungry all year long.

The youth wore a shabby robe and looked ordinary. He had a hatchet wrapped in cloth hanging by his waist.

Anyone’s first impression of him was that he was only a regular woodchopper.

The three girls became disappointed. They thought they would be able to meet other cultivators, not a woodchopper.

“Hey, is this still Myriad Beast Mountains? Or is this outside?” One girl shouted.

The youth only glanced at them and proceeded with his task.

“We’re asking you!” The other friend became irritated since they were ignored and raised her voice.

The youth still ignored them.

Xiao Ling, on the other hand, spoke respectfully: “Young Noble, may I ask where this place is?”

“Myriad Beast Mountains.” The youth responded with a lazy tone.

“Hmph, so pretentious.” The other two murmured. If this was any other day, they would have taught this rude mortal a lesson.

However, they were surprised to find someone like him here.

“Young Noble, may I ask why you’re here?” Xiao Ling asked.