Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3568: How Many Fruits?

The dichromatic ape didn’t need to do a thing against someone of Li Qiye’s cultivation. Just any of the other beasts could easily reduce him to a pile of meat.

As Li Qiye drew closer, these beasts immediately got up to everyone’s horror. The ape itself actually got up this time too. Hearts started skipping beats.

“Be careful.” Everyone immediately retreated several steps backward in order not to be dragged into this mess. They couldn’t handle the wrath of the ape.

“The brat’s finished.” Many had this thought.

Li Qiye had no chance of surviving because a high monk from Heavenly Dragon Temple still couldn’t on this ape.

“Stop!” Yang Ling and her friends shouted, feeling very nervous.

Unfortunately, Li Qiye didn’t get smashed and betrayed their expectation. They saw the beasts including the ape bowed their head towards Li Qiye with a respectful expression.

They thought their eyes were playing tricks on them. Just think about it, these beasts were extremely strong, especially the dichromatic ape. It could fight against any human cultivator; fear wasn’t part of its mentality.

Thus, this development left the crowd in disbelief. The woodchopper wasn’t a supreme character or anything. If he were a peerless dao lord, then it would be understandable and acceptable.

Alas, something even more ridiculous happened next.

“Lil’ White, get me some fruits, I’m thirsty.” Li Qiye waved at the ape with a natural demeanor.

A while ago, this would make everyone burst out in laughter. Why would a high-level heaven beast listen? Truly a suicidal attempt.

However, the ape actually climbed up the tree and plucked several fruits. Moreover, it carefully selected the largest and ripest ones before respectfully handing them over to Li Qiye.

“How, how can this be?” The spectators became petrified. This was more outrageous than certain myths.

“Hey, pinch me, I must be dreaming.” A cultivator told his friend.

“How the hell is this happening?” Even the experienced ancestors found this unimaginable.

The ape considered the magical gem fruits as precious as its own life. That’s why it spent all day and night protecting this place, always fighting the intruders.

However, the ape actually gave Li Qiye the best fruits. He was nothing more than a woodchopper with average cultivation.

The crowd simply couldn’t digest this. On the other hand, Li Qiye had no problem taking a bite and swallowing the fruit. They could hear how watery it was after the first crunch.

“That hits the spot.” Li Qiye continued eating the fruit while the crowd salivated.

“Little friend... wait, Dao Brother, are your fruits for sale?” One cultivator had an idea and immediately presented a pouch of primal stones to Li Qiye. He happily said: “I have 500 primal stones right here, a billion times more than what you’ll make chopping woods in your lifetime. All for one fruit?”

Though he couldn’t get the fruits, he could still buy them off this woodchopper. The guy probably knew nothing, maybe these primal stones would be enough to tempt him. It would be an incredible profit.

“Hmph, can’t believe you have the audacity to say something like this.” Other experts were moved too.

“Fellow Daoist, I will give you 5,000 stones for one fruit.” Someone offered tenfold.

“10,000 here.” Another joined in with haste.

“So many cheapskates, I will pay 50,000.” A student from Duality participated.

“80,000 from me, Fellow Daoist, I just want one.” Someone from the last generation lost his cool.

These prices were all low compared to the actual value of the fruit. The buyers wanted an unrealistic profit and competed for it.

“Friend, I will give you 200,000 and take you in as my disciple. I’ll pass the sect’s merit laws down to you.” Even an ancestor started persuading Li Qiye by extending his branch.

It didn’t take long before the other experts offered higher bids. At the later stage, the offers were actually serious and tempting.

For example, becoming an ancestor’s disciple was an offer that a woodchopper couldn’t refuse. Any weak cultivator would start palpitating with excitement.

Li Qiye only smiled and didn’t say anything while eating his fruit. He acted as if they weren’t precious in the slightest.

One, two, three... the number gradually dwindled to everyone’s horror. They felt the pain from the ridiculous wastefulness.

“Please, please stop!” An ancestor shouted after there was only one left.

Li Qiye’s hand with the fruit stopped in midair, adding to the tension. All eyes were on this final fruit, afraid that he would take a bite out of it.

“What?” Li Qiye glanced at the ancestor.

“Aren’t you listening to us? Do you know what you’re holding?” The ancestor was going crazy.

“Yes, a thirst-quenching fruit.” Li Qiye answered in a matter-of-fact manner.

“A thirst-quenching fruit?!” The ancestor shouted loudly, getting the urge to choke Li Qiye.

Everyone else felt the same way.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m