Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3570: Kneel

The elders from the Nightwalker Tribe wanted to escape but it was too late. Powerful beasts have already surrounded them.

The ape, in particular, stood in the opposite direction. They had no chance of fleeing.

“What do you want?!” A frightened elder unsheathed his sword, causing a loud clunk and a pulsing flash.

The disciples of the tribe also readied their weapons, ready to fight the beasts.

“Hoooo!” The ape roared and took one step forward, completely spittling the ground. A terrible torrent of power rendered resistance futile.

Even the elders staggered backward from just the soundwave. As for the other disciples, their chest was smacked repeatedly. Some dropped to the ground.

The spectators nearby were pale and didn’t dare to get close, let alone trying to save the Nightwalkers.

“See? My neighbors won’t stand for this unfair treatment. They have my back.” Li Qiye smiled and said: “It’s not too late to bow or don’t blame me for being cruel when you’re nothing but meat paste. After all, my neighbors have a hot temper, it’ll be out of my control when they go crazy.”

The Nightwalkers couldn’t help staring at Zhui Xueyun after hearing this, the same with the spectators.

It was true that Li Qiye couldn’t do a thing to him or his tribe. However, no one expected these chaos primal beasts to interfere for his sake.

“How magical.” An expert murmured while staring at Li Qiye.

“So the brat really grew up here and became the favorite of the mountains? He must have deep ties to the beasts here.” Another elder found this unbelievable.

Chaos primal beasts and other creatures were wild and ferocious. This made it impossible for a peaceful co-existence with cultivators, let alone possessing a good relationship. The only exception was when a cultivator was strong enough to control them.

However, for something like the dichromatic ape, even a Heaven Sovereign couldn’t command them. Now, it was willing to stand up for a mere woodchopper.

Thus, they agreed with what the elder said earlier. That seemed to be the only logical explanation.

“Just accept defeat and kneel.” The strongest elder of the Nightwalker was terrified. Forcing their way out was impossible against those beasts. The price would still be monstrous in the case of success.

“Nothing’s more important than staying alive.” Another elder said: “Heroes suffer setbacks at times, lose today and win tomorrow.”

Zhui Xueyun’s expression was extremely ugly. To kneel before a woodchopper in front of everyone was more agonizing than death.

He thought that he was stronger than Li Qiye so he reneged. Now, any of these beasts could easily kill him. Even the elders told him to kneel.

If he didn’t do so, the entire group would die here. He would become a sinner of the sect. Thus, his knees fell to the ground.

He immediately bowed his head three times, thinking that he would never forget about this humiliation. His hatred for Li Qiye was deep to the bones.

He tried to stand up afterward but Li Qiye stomped down on him. Normally, he would have cut the guy to pieces but the circumstances were against him. He had to swallow this anger.

“What are you doing!?” He gritted his teeth.

“You haven’t admitted defeat despite losing.” Li Qiye smiled.

Everyone thought that Li Qiye was being a tad overbearing. However, this was to be expected of the loser.

“So domineering.” One student quietly praised.

“It’s idiotic, he better changes his ways soon or death will come knocking.” Another student scowled and disagreed.

Many agreed with the latter. After all, not just Zhui Xueyun but the rest of the Nightwalkers wouldn’t forgive Li Qiye for this humiliation.

Xueyun’s expression was as twisted as can be beneath Li Qiye’s foot. Unfortunately, his peers and seniors were staring at him.

“I fully accept my loss.” His words betrayed his thoughts. Alas, he needed to endure this shame.

“Now that’s better.” Li Qiye said: “Remember to open your dog eyes wider in the future or you won’t be as lucky.”

Xueyun clenched his fists tightly, swearing of eventual retribution.

“Okay, I’m no longer thirsty. Time to go.” Li Qiye laughed and patted his hands. He then picked up his carrying pole and left without looking at anyone else.

“Young Noble Li, where are you going for wood?” Yang Ling asked.

“A place with good ones, of course.” Li Qiye’s voice came from the distance and he started singing again.

Everyone watched the guy disappear into the forest, forgetting about the beasts. However, they have already dispersed and returned to the tree to rest.

“I’ll never let this go.” Xueyun’s fingers dug into his palms. Revenge was necessary in order for him to have peace. He wanted to let Li Qiye taste a fate worse than death.

“Let’s go.” The elder of the Nightwalker told the disciples. There was no need to stay here any longer since they have failed to grab any magical gem fruit. Plus, they have been humiliated enough already.

“What a devilish brat.” One expert said regarding Li Qiye.

“A miraculous one, a product of Myriad Beast Mountains. I wonder what he can do in the outside world. Perhaps more miracles?” An older master praised.

“I’ve never heard of anyone being able to live in harmony with the beasts here. Truly unprecedented.” One ancestor stroked his chin and mused.

“We’re going.” Teacher Du didn’t say anything and stood there in silence for a bit. He eventually led the students away.

The latter didn’t dare to linger around and gave chase.

Teacher Du found the whole thing very strange. At first, his sole focus was on the old attendant. Now, it looked like Li Qiye was the one deserving his attention.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m