Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3574: Working Together For The Egg

The frontier army was reduced to dust in no time at all. Not a single soldier survived the hordes of beasts. Their commander suffered the same fate.

“Ahhh!” Several more groups were attacked in no time at all. They didn’t even make it near the entrance before being surrounded by beasts. More than a thousand cultivators were killed.

These groups came from the big powers and had ancestors at the sacred level. This was still far from enough.

The students from Duality finally realized the reason for the carnage and the stench of blood earlier.

“They’re so strong...” All cultivators shuddered in horror after seeing the massacre.

The groups earlier were nothing short of impressive, especially the frontier guards. They were battle-hardened but didn’t last long. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Who can actually get in there?” One student murmured.

“Isn’t First Senior Sister here?” Another said.

“You’re right, maybe she can give it a shot.” The first became excited and looked around.

They were talking about the academy’s top genius, Dugu Lan. She might be the strongest there as well, at least among the student body.

“It’s useless.” A teacher who got here early shook his head and said: “Student Lan managed to escape the beasts but still couldn’t get through the powerful defense inside.”

“She couldn’t?” The students shuddered. If Dugu Lan couldn’t, no other students had a chance. Even the teachers would find it impossible.

“Xiao Lan failed?” Teacher Du was surprised and stared at the valley: “What kind of defense is in there?”

“Do you see those steps? The statues to the left and right are just too strong. Student Lan was repelled by them.” The teacher pointed forward.

All eyes turned towards the entrance with the steps leading down the cliff. Numerous statues there were covered in moss.

Prior to this, the students assumed that they were mere decorations. This was no longer the case.

“Maybe the headmaster can do it.” A teacher said: “No one else but those on his level can obtain this golden divine egg.”

“Is the headmaster here too?” Some students blurted out.

The teachers exchanged glances and didn’t answer. However, judging by their expression, the students thought that the headmaster might actually be here.

“Maybe we’ll be lucky enough to see the headmaster’s might.” Some became excited.

The current headmaster of Duality was Five-colored Sacred Sovereign, one of the four grandmasters of Buddha Holy Ground. He became a Heavenly Sovereign at a young age and was among the top experts of the south.

His involvement here would naturally shock the entire region.

“With enough time, the other grandmasters might come too.” One teacher glanced at the sky and said seriously.

The students took a deep breath after hearing this. The four grandmasters were four giants pushing up the sky here. It was hard to find others at this level.

Moreover, they were elusive too and rarely showed up. Their presence meant that something big was happening.

According to the teacher just now, this place warranted the appearance of more than just one.

“Fellow officials, it’s time to work together.” One old man suddenly declared: “No one can enter alone.”

His voice wasn’t particularly loud but everyone could hear him. They all stared in his direction.

He wore an official robe and had an impressive stature. His expression was fierce and powerful; he looked more like a general than a court official.

“Senior Defender Shang from the Ministry of War, a general under Minister Sima.” An expert immediately recognized him and became startled.

He didn’t come alone and had a valiant group behind him consisting of incredible experts with strong bloodthirst.

“Sir Shang is a brutal figure who flattened numerous problems for Minister Sima.” Others shuddered.

The Minister of War was notorious in the holy ground, known for his ruthless and decisive measures. He flattened many obstacles for Vajra. The legions of Vajra became stronger now than at any time in the past.

He was gifted in the military arts. Numerous powers wanted to join him in order to create something great.

Sir Shang was one of his generals. This meant that either the Ministry of War or the dynasty itself desired this golden egg.

In reality, no one ruled forever. This was an accepted fact in the holy ground. Vajra was in charge for now but not in perpetuity. This golden egg had deep ties with Buddhism. It could strengthen their authority and sovereignty so it was crucial

The seniors and elders exchanged glances after hearing him. Some powers didn’t care enough to give him face but this wasn’t the case for both who were from the noble clans. They were from the dynasty, more or less.

“You’re right, Sir.” An old man wearing an embroidered robe said: “These beasts are just too strong. We have no chance without the help of a grandmaster. It’s better to work together.”

“The Marquis of South Peak.” Eyes turned towards him.

He was granted a noble title by the court along with hereditary territories, meaning that his son would inherit both the title and his land. He was an important official in the frontier. A thousand experts behind him made his power obvious.

“Who will the egg belong to if we get it?” One person asked.

Everyone wanted this supreme Buddhist treasure for themselves. How would they split it?

“This egg belongs to the virtuous.” Sir Sheng said: “Who in this land is more virtuous than His Majesty? Thus, when we get it, we’ll offer it as a tribute.” Sir Shang said with a serious tone.

People exchanged glances after hearing this.

“I don’t know if his cultivation has improved but his sycophantic ability certainly has.” One high elder snorted and spoke among his group.

The powerful ancestors felt the same way but didn’t comment on this.

Vajra was currently in charge but it wasn’t an iron-clad reign. The ancestors from the five divisions of Buddha Emperor Plateau didn’t think much of it. They naturally wouldn’t offer the egg to the king.

The conversation came to a lull until a Buddhist chant could be heard: “Amitabha.”