Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3593: At Death’s Door

He was able to escape the golden egg’s absorption with the help of his ancestor.

“Bam! Bam! Bam!” The disciples behind him all fell to the ground, pale and unable to get up. The egg had taken too much of their energy and they couldn’t recover in time.

His escape created an instability in the balance created prior between the competitors and the sucking force. Thus, the other ancestors and high elders got the chance to breathe.

“Boom! Boom! Boom!” They chose to sever their hands as well.

Blood gushed out from the wounds of these crippled ancestors. Sir Shang was no exception.

Their juniors also dropped to the ground, sapped of strength and unable to get up.

“Shit...” The powerful ancestors and the imperious senior defender were still stricken with fear.

They felt their souls and spirits leaving their body earlier because of that egg, not just their vitality and energy.

Fortunately, that one cultivator managed to call the spirit of his sacred ancestor and saved everyone here.

“Crack.” They saw a crack appearing on the egg.

“Is it about to hatch...” One cultivator didn’t realize the incoming danger and stared at the egg.

In the next second, one powerful ancestor sensed a looming danger and shouted in horror: “Run, run right now!”

He then started running without caring about the juniors behind him.

“Ahh!” His scream suddenly echoed because he didn’t get far. Something golden flashed and pierced through his chest.

It was as small as a needle but still easily took him down. Someone as powerful as him was defenseless against its penetration.

Everyone inside the valley watched in astonishment. His body was still hanging in the air. “Zzz...” The string of energy began absorbing his blood and energy.

“No...” He was still alive but couldn’t move at all. He could feel his life passing away.

The golden string even took his grand dao power and all of his essences. His hair turned white and his body withered. It didn’t take long before he became a dried corpse falling onto the ground.

“Bam!” The frightened cultivators finally regained their wits after hearing the thump.

“We have to run!” They immediately tried to flee.

“Shittt!” All ran towards the entrance, wanting to be born with more than just two legs in order to escape faster.

A hundred thousand experts or so no longer cared for anything else. The weaker cultivators were trampled while groaning.

“Buzz.” The golden egg immediately unleashed countless golden rays that perfectly struck those trying to escape.

“Ahh...” Cries of agony filled the valley. All of them were pierced in the chest area, no exception.

Even the strongest ancestors and high elders with their great artifacts couldn’t do a thing. The golden rays were simply too fast. They could only watch themselves becoming victims.

The rays seemed like tentacles as they lifted the victims up in the air. The scene of a hundred thousand experts all in this horrifying state was shocking.

“What is that thing?” Even those outside the valley felt a sharp pain in their chest.

“Extremely vicious, Li Qiye was completely right. ” One teacher from Duality shuddered with cold chills: “It still hasn’t hatched yet. Once it comes out, it might actually be a calamity for all of Eight Desolaces.”

The teachers exchanged glances and started to imagine the true form of this egg. They were talented and courageous but still became nervous. Their back became wet with sweat. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

As for the pale students, all of their legs were trembling from fear.

“It’s all over...” The supporters waiting outside didn’t know what to do.

Meanwhile, people were still screaming inside the valley. They were still alive and fully conscious, clearly sensing their life passing away in a helpless manner.

Some pissed their pants as death approached while screaming.

“No... it can’t end like this, I haven’t made a name for myself...” One expert bellowed.

“Young Noble Li! No, Young Master Li, please, save me! Hurry!” Sir Shang was still lucid and saw the calm Li Qiye standing in the distance.

“I’m afraid I can’t.” Li Qiye smiled and shook his head.

Everyone else finally noticed that only Li Qiye was untouched by the golden ray.

“Please save us, Young Master Li!” They started begging.

“Little Ancestor, save me and you’ll be the biggest benefactor of our court. We’ll obey all of your orders in the future.” An ancestor threw away his pride and begged.

“Just save us and Shifting Cloud will give you everything you want!”

“The Ye Clan will be your horses and oxen if you save us!”

They thought that since Li Qiye was unaffected, he might actually be able to stop the egg and save them.

“I have repeatedly warned all of you about this disaster from this ominous egg yet you didn’t listen. This is nothing short of courting death.” Li Qiye shook his head.