Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3662: Make It Interesting

“Yes, of course. Only cowards would refuse!” A member of the crowd shouted before Li Qiye could answer.

“Right! Men do not retreat!” A few were more than happy to gloat at others’ misery.

“And if I were to succeed? What’s your end of the bargain?” Li Qiye chuckled while staring at the princess.

“Wait until you can get something from the golden spring first. Stop dreaming, you have no chance.” The princess snorted.

“Merciful Buddha.” The monk seemed amused by this development as he said: “There is always a winner and a loser in a bet. I’ll play the role of a judge here. Princess, what will you do if you were to lose?”

The monk assumed the mantle of an officiator without being asked. Of course, no one would dare to say anything because he was the most qualified here.

The princess turned red after hearing this but she had no jurisdiction over this great cultivator. The influence of the court had nothing on him.

“If you can get a treasure from the golden spring and open the wooden door, I’ll marry you! You’ll become a prince-in-law!” The red princess glared at Li Qiye.

“What?!” Many found this astonishing, especially the younger cultivators.

Even Zhang Yunzhi became anxious. He said: “Princess, absolutely not, you’re invaluable.”

“I know what I’m doing.” She responded as she glared at Li Qiye: “So yes or no? If you don’t dare to bet, then get the hell out of Buddha Holy Ground.”

“Who wouldn’t take such a good offer?” One youth’s eyes brightened.

“Right? Two good things in one, success will really make him soar.” Another youth salivated.

Obtaining a treasure from the spring and opening the door would make Li Qiye immeasurably wealthy. To marry a princess too? He would reach the peak of life from one event.

“Remember, losing means that his head will meet the ground.” A clear-headed youth uttered coldly.

“I’m afraid you’re too naive, frog. You’re barely qualified to be a feet-washing maid due to your intelligence.” Li Qiye smiled and shook his head.

“What?!” The crowd became slack-jawed again. They assumed that Li Qiye would want to be a prince-in-law in order to gain power in Vajra. Now, he said that she was barely qualified to be a feet-washing maid? Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Who does this arrogant brat think he is? He’s courting death.” Her fans complained with indignation.

Only the crown prince and Yang Ling weren’t surprised by this comment. The crown prince had an awkward smile on his face.

“You!” The princess was livid, wanting to cut Li Qiye to pieces.

“Li, keep this up and I’ll cut your tongue off.” Zhang Yunzhi glared murderously at him.

Li Qiye seemed relaxed while ignoring the threat.

“Amitabha. Benefactors, is this bet a thing? If not, I’ll have to get back to my own business.” The monk placed his palms together and asked.

The princess gritted her teeth and made a decision: “Wretched ant, so be it. If you win, you can take my life!”

It became apparent that the princess wanted this to go till death. One of them must die.

“No, don’t do this!” Zhang Yunzhi tried to stop her.

“Do you think that this ant can beat me?” The furious princess glared at him as well.

“Of course not.” Yunzhi responded: “It’s just that someone of your noble status shouldn’t stoop low to compete against this nobody.”

Having said that, he stepped forward and said: “Li, you’re betting with me. Your wretched life isn’t worth the princess’ time.”

His action appeased the princess and earned a favorable impression.

“Who are you?” Li Qiye slowly picked his ear before asking.

“...” Yunzhi trembled with rage after being shown such disdain.

“Whatever, the two of you can try together. I actually don’t care for your life since it’s not worth that many coins. Let’s make it interesting. If I lose, chop my head off. If you two lose, run around naked. How about it?” Li Qiye smiled and told them.

“What?!” The second princess glowered at him.

No one thought that Li Qiye would propose something like this either.

“Isn’t this too much?” One person asked.

“What’s too much about it? Li Qiye is betting his own life, they only need to strip, that’s not a big loss.” His friend disagreed.

Of course, everyone had a different perspective. Some found stripping naked in public to be humiliating and disgraceful; something worse than death. The princess certainly felt this way so she stood there, frozen.

“Ah, can’t do it? Then run back from whence you came.” Li Qiye waved his hand: “Be smarter later and tuck your tail between your legs.”

All eyes were on the princess. Everyone could see that Zhang Yunzhi wasn’t a factor here, only the princess.

“Do it! Accept the bet!” A few couldn’t help suggesting, albeit in a hushed tone.

This was a rare opportunity for many cultivators here. They would have been shouting if they weren’t afraid of Vajra.

“Fine, I accept! Your dog head is mine!” The princess made up her mind.

“I’ll join the princess in this bet as well.” Yunzhi also stated his stance.

In actuality, he was completely confident in victory. This was only a way to further win the princess’ heart. Their relationship would take a step forward.

“It’s a smart move.” One old cultivator nodded and said: “It’s a sure-win bet.

“True, Li Qiye was dumb for accepting this.” Another said.

“There won’t be a miracle here.” Another wanted to see the princess naked but reasons told them that it was impossible.

Everyone has failed so far, whether it be the ancestors or geniuses. No one got anything from the spring, let alone opening the wooden door. Li Qiye couldn’t be the exception.

“We’ll see about this, Li Qiye’s luck is insane. He’s the only one who lifted the hammer off the anvil.” A student from Duality said.

“A miracle doesn’t happen twice.” His peer disagreed: “If miracles happen all the time, they won’t be called miracles.”

“Young Master, should you do this? I don’t think it’s the right choice.” The crown prince became worried because when analyzed from all angles, Li Qiye would be the loser. In other words, he didn’t wish to see Li Qiye die here.

Li Qiye answered with a smile.

“The young master got this.” Yang Ling raised her fist and cheered for Li Qiye.

Others thought that she was an idiot for picking Li Qiye. Alas, she didn’t need to explain her trust in him to anyone. Nothing was impossible for him.