Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 368: Tiger’s Howl Ancestor

“Grandpa!” Seeing this old man that resembled a lion, Chi Xiaodao was both surprised and glad as he immediately shouted.

At this time, the pair of lion-like eyes of the old man hovered upon the ex-Imperial Advisor from the Saint Country, then he loudly laughed: “So it turns out to be the ex-Imperial Advisor; you actually got involved in these muddy waters!”

“Amazing, it seems that you have truly found your ancestor’s Immortal Physique Law. Nothing can be better since this is the thing our Saint Country requires!” The ex-Imperial Advisor was not intimidated and instead was rather ecstatic.

In fact, they suppressed the Heavenly King in order to test whether or not he actually had the Immortal Physique Law. To find out that this was the answer, it was actually good news to them. No matter what, they wished to capture him alive and seize his physique law!

“Enough talking, it’s time to fight!” The Lion’s Roar Heavenly King laughed wildly like a lion. In just a second, the Inner Physique before his chest suddenly became bright and was brimming with immortal power, causing his blood energy to surge, promoting him into an invincible tyrannical lion.

“The minor completion Furious Immortal Tyrannical Physique!” Seeing the frightening immortal power on the Heavenly King’s body after his physique erupted, many people were shocked with envy!

“Just in time. I’d like to see your ancestor’s Immortal Physique Law!” The ex-Imperial Advisor also roared. An immortal power surged from his body as well; it was dauntingly similar to the Heavenly King. At this time, universal laws began to resonate. These laws frantically increased the advisor’s battle power and blood energy for a short period of time.

“This is also the Furious Immortal Tyrannical Physique, but it is from the Lower Immortal Tyrannical Physique Law!” A person emotionally exclaimed after seeing the old advisor’s state.

The Lower Immortal Tyrannical Physique Law was the defining art of the Furious Immortal Saint Country. This art could be cultivated into the Furious Immortal Tyrannical Physique, but not just anyone in the Saint Country would be able to cultivate this law. Unless they were from the main branch, one would need to greatly contribute to the country and have their loyalty tested.

Without a doubt, the ex-Imperial Advisor satisfied all of the conditions to cultivate this immortal law!

“Is the fate of this world going to be decided by Immortal Physiques now?” A dumbfounded person murmured. Earlier, Li Shuangyan’s Void Imperfection Physique and Chen Baojiao’s invincible nameless physique were already amazing enough, but now two Furious Immortal Tyrannical Physiques came out of nowhere.

Seeing Immortal Physiques would normally be a rare sight, but now, one appeared after another — this was too ridiculous.

“Slay!” The Furious Immortal Tyrannical Physique’s essence was in its hegemonic nature of ruling by force. It could instantly increase the user’s cultivation, battle power, and blood energy to an insane level, allowing the user to easily fight against a much more powerful existence! Not to mention, there were no negative side-effects!

At this time, the Heavenly King and the ex-Imperial Advisor were like two crazed lions. The two of them wildly cried out and fought in the sky, fiercely exchanging blows. Their extremely ferocious fight caused others to lose their minds.

“Do you guys only have these kinds of means?” Li Qiye was without an enemy, so he glanced at the Tiger’s Howl schoolmaster and said with a smile: “If this is all there is to it, then you have left me very disappointed.” Finish speaking, his Hell Suppressing Godly Physique suddenly erupted.

“Bang!” Li Qiye’s foot heavily stomped down, tearing the heaven and earth asunder.

“Rumble!” Even though the surrounding area completely collapsed, Li Qiye did not stop; one stomp after another, his feet rained down upon this land. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Bang—bang—bang!” The blasts resounded across the world. In just a short moment, the Tiger’s Howl School was facing a cataclysm as an extremely powerful force tore apart the earth. Li Qiye was the center of all of this! He used a crushing momentum to break mountains and temples one after another. This caused all the Tiger’s Howl experts to turn pale as if the end was approaching.

“The Hell Suppressing Godly Physique — another minor completion Immortal Physique!” Even the cultivators in the distance felt their strength sapped from their bodies under the domineering might of this Immortal Physique.

“How can any of us live in this world? Today, so many minor completion Immortal Physiques have appeared. Right now, Li Qiye and Li Shuangyan have minor completion Immortal Physiques; if they become Virtuous Paragons in the future and obtain grand completion Immortal Physiques, then even an Immortal Emperor would have a hard time suppressing them!” A great character lamented with pain.

“Open the ancestral foundation!” The schoolmaster was deathly pale as he crazily shouted. At this time, the school wanted to start up their ancestral foundation no matter the cost.

After his command, wave after wave of universal laws — as big as stars — rushed out from the school’s ancestral ground. Under the support of a massive sum of refined jades, the school was able to open its ancestral foundation. A long universal law then locked this earth and sealed the firmaments; it finally managed to stop Li Qiye from using his Immortal Physique to destroy the school’s ancestral ground.

“Little Animal, if we don’t mince you into pieces today, we will never let this go until we cease to exist!” The schoolmaster couldn’t help but scream in rage. How could he not be hurt after seeing their ancestral ground become so damaged?

“I’m afraid that using just your ancestral foundation won’t do. It won’t be me who will be minced, it shall be I who will stomp your Tiger’s Howl School into nothingness!” Li Qiye calmly declared with a smile.

“Ignorant brat, our immemorial ancestral foundation shall never fall. Hmph, a mere mayfly like you dares to even dream about shaking us!?” At this time, a cold voice appeared as if a dead person was crawling up from the ground.

At this time, four Ancient Saints carried a palanquin outside. The old man who was laying on top of it only had a few strands of white hair left, plus his entire body appeared to be a dried up skeleton; only his skin remained. This was someone who appeared to have only one breath left, someone that would find it difficult to even walk, someone who was just awaiting their inevitable demise.

However, such an old man instilled a sense of fear in all the spectators. His corpse-like body was tiredly situated on the palanquin like a coiling dragon. When his eyes opened, a terrifying divine light flashed; it felt as if this divine light was capable of destroying everything.

Anyone who saw this old man would not dismiss him just because he was lying on a palanquin. On the contrary, all of them shivered with creeps the moment they laid their eyes on this old man.

“Is this the ancestor of the Tiger’s Howl School?” Seeing this old man and feeling the shiver-inducing aura, someone couldn’t help but murmur.

“I, I have heard of this old man before!” Finally, a decrepit old Demon Monarch took a deep breath and said in horror: “Legends state that he is the eighth generation great-grandson of the Tiger God. He had always been sealed in the deepest parts of the school with an Era Blood Stone to resist the erosion of time.”

Many were horrified after hearing this. The eighth great-grandson of the Tiger God... Just how long had this person lived for!? Even if he had been gathering dust underground, it was still enough to scare other people.

When this old man was carried out, everyone from the Tiger’s Howl School quickly prostrated and chanted: “Oh great divine ancestor!”

The dying old man that was lying on the palanquin spoke without any strength: “Junior, you were able to force me to come into being. Even if you die today, you have done enough to warrant a lifetime of arrogance and pride. Be reasonable and hand over the Immortal Physique Laws.”

“An old undying!” Li Qiye narrowed his eyes and peered at the ancestor before he cheerfully smiled: “I’m afraid today is the last time you will ever come into being. An existence only of the old undying level is not enough to protect the Tiger’s Howl School.” With that, Li Qiye stomped down towards the old man with an unrivaled domineering attitude.

Such a domineering style astonished everyone. This was an existence of the ancestor level! An old undying capable of petrifying anyone! Many great sects sealed one or two of these old undyings, but when these characters came into being, it could easily result in their death. This was why they would not easily come out unless their sects were facing certain destruction.

Heavenly Sovereigns and even Heavenly Kings were filled with dread when they saw this old undying ancestor, but Li Qiye still stomped his foot towards him with an overbearing attitude.

The ancestor on the palanquin didn’t even move one bit. He simply flicked his finger and, with a “pop”, Li Qiye was blown away, crashing heavily into a peak.

“So powerful!” A finger easily knocked away Li Qiye with a minor completion Immortal Physique! Many spectators felt their scalps tingle since they all knew about Li Qiye’s ferocity, yet the ancestor blew him away with just one finger!

“Crash!” Li Qiye rushed out from the rubble with some bloodstains on his robes. However, they were merely external wounds and were insignificant to Li Qiye.

“It is a pity. You are far from enough. An existence that has yet to enter the Path of the Grand Era — not enough to reach the apex!” Li Qiye burst out in laughter and didn’t pay the ancestor any mind.

“Too arrogant!” Many people sucked in air through their teeth and exclaimed after hearing Li Qiye’s words.

The ancestor still sat on the palanquin, appearing to look down on all existences as he weakly spoke: “You do not know the immensity of the heaven and earth. Even though I haven’t step onto the Path of the Grand Era, it is still more than enough to kill a little brat like you!”

Above Heavenly Kings were Virtuous Paragons. There was a saying in this world — if Immortal Emperors do not come into being, then Virtuous Paragons were unbeatable.

In fact, this phrase was very vague. Virtuous Paragons were divided into many types, so even though the cultivators of this world considered any existence right below Immortal Emperor to be of the Virtuous Paragon realm, for millions of years, Virtuous Paragons that did not enter the Path of the Heavens or the Path of the Grand Era were called ordinary Virtuous Paragons.

For these ordinary Virtuous Paragons, their levels — in ascending order are Early Era Virtuous Paragon, Rising Era Virtuous Paragon, Peaceful Era Virtuous Paragon, Prosperous Era Virtuous Paragon, and Golden Era Virtuous Paragon.

It could be said that a Golden Era Virtuous Paragon was at the peak of ordinary Virtuous Paragons, but this was not the ultimate end of this realm.

[spoiler title=’368 Teaser’][caption id="" align="alignnone" width="500"]
Might be an exaggeration.[/caption][/spoiler]