Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3675: The Mouse’s Treasury

“Anything else you want?” Li Qiye asked after handing Yang Ling the manual scrolls.

“No.” She looked back at the colorful treasury and shook her head, having a firm grasp on greed. She was satisfied with what she got.

“Then we’re leaving.” He said.

“You don’t want anything, Young Master?” She found it surprising because out of all the treasures here, Li Qiye only took a few scrolls. Plus, he didn’t seem to care much about them either.

“No need, there’s nothing good here.” The treasury actually had a few decent things but he wasn’t interested enough.

“You’re incredible.” She couldn’t help but praise.

Top geniuses and mighty cultivators wouldn’t be able to stay calm while walking around this treasury. They would have taken so many things but Li Qiye didn’t give a damn. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

She thought that it would be hard to find another who had the same composure and restraint as him.

He then gently touched the mouse and smiled: “Come, let me see what you’re hiding in your treasury.”

“Zii-” The mouse answered and waved its hands, looking quite proud.

Yang Ling could tell that the mouse had some good stuff in order to act like this.

“It has hidden treasures too?” Yang Ling blurted out before realizing that this was obvious. The mouse was able to move freely across numerous treasuries. It naturally took some good stuff as well.

These things were certainly exceptional, perhaps even better than Vajra’s treasury.

The mouse then drilled into the ground, creating a spatial hole. Li Qiye jumped in with Yang Ling right behind him.

Once she landed on her feet, the area was surprisingly dark. There were no colorful lights emanating from treasures.

After taking a closer look, she found that they were in a dark and remote alley. People rarely visited this place. It looked quite old as well, erected from an unknown era.

“This looks like Wish Ward.” She eventually concluded despite not knowing the exact location.

The mouse kept on moving and the other two followed despite it being a dead-end ahead due to a high wall.

The mouse leaped up and touched one particular brick. She didn’t get a good look because it was simply too fast. Its furry paws formed a mudra and caused the brick to light up.

“Creak...” The brick slowly moved out of the wall.

“This is the hidden treasure?” Yang Ling thought that the mouse would have a huge treasury. This was only an old wall. Even after all the bricks were removed, the place wouldn’t have that many treasures within anyway.

“It’s not that simple, you’re only seeing the surface.” Li Qiye smiled and stared at the old brick.

Yang Ling looked through the hole after the brick was removed. She finally saw a large treasury beyond. The wall was blocking a window near the top of the treasury.

It was far larger than Vajra’s, containing more and better quality treasures. The things here were superb, at least in Yang Ling’s opinion.

This made Vajra look like a nouveau riche. On the other hand, the hug mouse has been wealthy for eras. Each treasure was meticulously chosen.

“We’re standing on top of it? So the treasury is under Wish Ward.” She took a deep breath and asked.

The mouse stared at her with disdain, seemingly saying that it was way cooler than that. Such a simple layout was beneath it.

“You’re not seeing the real phenomenon. These things aren’t actually beneath you, they exist in a special dimension with a unique entry. It’ll keep on changing with time and space as well. You can see it right now but the next time you come here, it won’t be around.” Li Qiye shook his head and explained.

The mouse raised its paw at Li Qiye as if wanting to give him a thumbs-up for being absolutely correct.

“I see.” Yang Ling coughed awkwardly: “No wonder why people dug up the place and couldn’t find anything.”

“It is the only one who knows the entrance. Others have no chance of finding it, only a waste of time.” Li Qiye smiled.

The mouse raised its chin, looking happy because of Li Qiye’s comment.

Li Qiye then took a look inside and nodded approvingly: “Not bad at all, looks like you didn’t waste millions of years.”

The mouse squeaked happily, clearly thinking that it was a great honor to be praised by Li Qiye.

Yang Ling sympathized because Li Qiye didn’t give a damn about Vajra’s treasury. Now, he wasn’t stingy with his words. This treasury was clearly superior.

“But all in all, they’re still inessentials.” Li Qiye added: “Just external items that can only serve as support. The thing that will allow you to reach the top is still your spirit core. If you’re relying on them to improve yourself, I would say that it is a mistake, neglecting the root and pursuing the tip.”

The mouse scratched its head while pondering. After a while, it squeaked again and nodded repeatedly as if agreeing with Li Qiye and thanking him for the advice.

It then reached into the treasury and took something out.

“Clank!” A pleasant ringing could be heard before a bright radiance.

It jumped on top of his shoulder while holding a treasure resembling a diamond. It exuded strands of light, not overly bright, but still quite mysterious. They stopped others from seeing the real form of the treasure.

Yang Ling activated her heavenly gaze but only saw a diamond-like form, not the actual treasure.

The mouse put on a dignified expression as it offered Li Qiye this treasure.

She didn’t know what it was but judging by the mouse’s action, it might be the mouse’s ultimate treasure. It picked this one from a sea of treasure. It must have pivotal importance.