Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3680: One Kick Is Enough

“Boom!” The student summoned a heavy shield with the shape of a thick turtle shell. He dropped it down and caused the ground to shake - a clear showing of its considerable weight. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Poof!” Flames oozed out and continuously increased in intensity, looking like a fiery giant coming out of an ocean of lava.

This student thought that this still wasn’t enough. He took out a treasure and wrapped it around himself. The thing coiled and made him look like an armored giant.

This form was cumbersome but everyone could tell that it was an impressive defensive method.

“He’s not weak.” Even a cultivator from the previous generation nodded approvingly.

Most looked down on his characters and shamelessness. However, his cultivation was exceptional among his age group.

After all, he was still a student from Duality. Those lacking talents and power couldn’t join this academy.

“Indeed, the treasure is good too, made from the dao bones of a lava turtle. Its defense is tough.” An elder focused on the shield.

This treasure wasn’t considered peerless or anything. Nonetheless, it was exceptional for a youth like him to have something at this level.

The student’s confidence grew after bolstering his defenses. He shouted at Li Qiye: “Brother Li, come, I can definitely block several moves from you. I hope you won’t take back your words then.”

He absolutely believed that he wouldn’t lose to Li Qiye regardless of the guy’s method. He actually held back by not expressing his total confidence in winning.

He wanted to wait until after the fact to teach Li Qiye a lesson, humiliating the guy and taking away his treasures.

In his eyes, someone weak like Li Qiye didn’t deserve all the fortunes and luck. He didn’t have the right to act arrogantly either.

“You think too highly of yourself by thinking several moves. You won’t be able to stop even one. I’ll give you a chance and let you start.” Li Qiye shook his head.

“A bit exaggerated.” A spectator murmured.

The crowd had taken a look at Li Qiye and thought that he had nothing to defeat this student.

“He’s not exaggerating. His devilishness is impossible to fathom.” A student from Duality disagreed.

The other party turned red after the contemptuous comment. He roared and unleashed his chaos energy and vitality.

“Li Qiye, die!” He rushed forward with his shield in front, looking like a raging bull.

“Rumble!” The ground beneath his path became ladened with deep footprints and broken tiles.

His momentum seemed enough to push a mountain away. The spectators hurriedly retreated to make way.

“Boom!” He immediately appeared in front of Li Qiye in the blink of an eye, slamming his shield at Li Qiye’s chest without showing any mercy.

The slam consisted of the shield’s heavy weight and ample power - enough to break down a mountain or a person’s chest.

Moreover, he had yin yang flames surging around him. They billowed ahead, wanting to incinerate Li Qiye. He went all out at the start, wanting to deliver a fatal blow.

“Be careful!” Yang Ling shouted to warn Li Qiye.

Many spectators were astonished by this multifaceted attack. They thought that they might not be able to stop the fierce blow.

The student attacked fiercely and swiftly, not giving a chance for Li Qiye to erect a barrier.

In this crucial moment, Li Qiye didn’t bat an eye. He simply retaliated by kneeing the assailant.

The kneeing didn’t utilize momentum; his knee only moved a few inches up but a terrible power erupted, enough to change the landscapes.

“Boom!” The shield instantly crumbled after being hit by his knee.

The student couldn’t react in the slightest before Li Qiye stretched his leg all the way up and kicked down like a whip.

Upon contact with Li Qiye’s foot, the treasure wrapped around the student immediately disintegrated while he was pushed deep into the ground.

The street was made from thick slabs. “Crack!” The entire section on this street was crushed, leaving a deep indentation with the student in the center.

Blood flowed down along with rolling pebbles. The student’s eyes were hollow as he stared at the sky, seemingly having lost all perception.

The kick earlier had crushed all of his bones. He couldn’t move an inch right now.

The scene fell into a hush. Many spectators’ mouth became agape. Just a while ago, they thought that Li Qiye wouldn’t be able to escape the fierce blow from this student.

They didn’t expect that he would only need one move to destroy the student’s defense and cripple him. That was truly domineering since he only used his knee then leg in a simple manner.

“How, how did he do it?” One expert calmed down and asked.

No one had a clue how the simple movements managed to defeat that student. Li Qiye unleashed power from seemingly nothing.

“He’s just an Enlightened Being at best, not even at the samadhi realm. This doesn’t make any sense.” An elder took a good look at Li Qiye and shook his head.

“There was a big gap in cultivation with the Duality student having the advantage.” Another old cultivator murmured.

“Don’t forget, he’s the son of miracles. He even got something out of the golden spring and opened the wooden house, nothing is impossible for him.” A student from Duality quietly said with a hint of helplessness.

Miracles were too common when Li Qiye was around. The strangest part was that Li Qiye wasn’t a supreme genius or something. Nonetheless, he could still perform any task in an effortless manner.

An existence like him instilled despair to the rest. They could try and work as hard as possible and still wouldn’t catch up with a lucky guy like Li Qiye. It felt as if the heaven was being unfair.

The older experts exchanged glances and smiled wryly. True, considering Li Qiye’s previous exploits, defeating a samadhi-realm student shouldn’t surprise anyone.