Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3681: Just A Puppet

The swift takedown still left the crowd in a daze. People couldn’t react before the student was laying in a pool of his own blood.

Most thought that Li Qiye was being arrogant earlier by proclaiming the student’s inability to stop even one move from him. Alas, he proved himself in the blink of an eye and dispelled all doubts.

The student himself had no idea how he lost so fast. He was proud of his defense consisting of the fiery shield and armor.

In fact, someone at one realm higher shouldn’t have been able to break through with one move, let alone Li Qiye who was weaker.

He attacked with haste in order to catch Li Qiye off guard and deliver a fatal blow. He never expected to lose in this manner. According to his calculation, the worst possible outcome was Li Qiye being able to dodge his move.

Unfortunately, Li Qiye’s single move crushed his confidence and bones. Only despair and confusion were left.

Li Qiye still stood in the same pose and position. It was as if he didn’t move at all and still managed to defeat this student.

Some gasped in astonishment, not because of his supreme power but because of his devilishness. Conventional wisdom and common sense didn’t work with him.

“Ahh!” Once the student regained his wits, he felt waves of agonizing pain. He would be squirming on the ground if he could move.

“You’ve lost, should I deliver you from this suffering now?” Li Qiye smiled at the student.

The groaning student became frightened. Even insects wanted to live for as long as possible, let alone him.

“Senior Brother Li, save me!” He no longer gave a damn and shouted since death was near.

“Senior Brother Li?” The crowd became confused.

“No one will be able to save you today.” Li Qiye chuckled.

“Senior Brother Li!!! Senior Brother Li!!!!” The student bellowed, each time louder than the previous.

“Enough, no point in killing him. Fellow Daoist Li, stop here.” A loud voice answered.

Everyone followed the direction of the voice and saw a youth standing near - one of the five heroes of Duality, Cold-eyed Lightning Sword Li Xiangquan.

Most naturally recognized him since he was quite famous in Metropolis for being an exceptional genius.

“Li Xiangquan’s here.” Another murmured.

Some among the crowd, especially the older folks, immediately understood the situation.

“Just a lackey.” A big shot commented.

This crippled student was clearly under the order of Li Xiangquan. This was a trap aimed at Li Qiye from the start.

A few youths thought that it was a good thing that they didn’t join. They would have been acting as pawns for Li Xiangquan.

“The animosity was already there.” A student from Duality didn’t find this surprising because these two had prior conflicts back at the academy.

“Stop? As if you’re in charge here.” Li Qiye glanced at Li Xiangquan and smiled, not giving the guy any face in public.

Putting his power and talents aside, just his clan alone demanded respect in Metropolis. It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that eighty percent of the generals in Vajra had ties to his clan. His father was the Grand Commander in charge of the military.

The clan has been rooted in the holy ground for millions of years with great influence. Now, Li Qiye didn’t give a damn about him nor his clan.

“Li Qiye, the holy ground is filled with crouching tigers and hidden dragons. There is always a taller peak. Just one wrong step and you’ll regret it.” Li Xiangquan uttered coldly. This was a blatant threat towards Li Qiye.

Others exchanged glances. These words sounded overbearing but it was indeed true. Few dared to oppose the Li, not even a country or a sect. Li Qiye, on the other hand, was alone.

“You finished? I’ll start then.” Li Qiye yawned, looking quite bored.

“You!” Xiangquan turned red. He thought that his threat should have warranted a reaction - at least some hesitation. Unfortunately, Li Qiye didn’t give him the satisfaction.

“Senior Brother, save me!” The student shouted. [1]

Li Xiangquan was stuck in a predicament. The student was his lackey so he couldn’t abandon the guy in front of everyone. Otherwise, who would want to work for him later on?

“Li Qiye, if you don’t let him go, you’ll antagonize Duality Academy, Vajra Dynasty, and my Li Clan...” He took a deep breath and said, instantly dragging several great powers into this mess.

If Li Qiye were to refuse, he would be taking a public stance against these great powers.

“Crack!” Li Qiye stomped down and pulverized the student’s head before Li Xiangquan could finish speaking.

The student didn’t have the chance to scream or beg for help.

The street became silent. All eyes were on Li Xiangquan. This was a direct slap against both him and his clan - an unforgivable provocation.

His expression became unsightly; his eyes flashed with murderous intent.

“You deserve death.” He eventually said, fully expressing his animosity. Many shuddered after hearing the grim tone.

“That’s right, he deserves death! We ought to mince him to pieces!” A newcomer joined the fray.

People saw a youth in silver armor walking over with a spear propped on his shoulder. He looked bloodthirsty like a general stepping onto the battlefield.

“Stallion Silver Spear, Zhang Yunzhi.” The crowd recognized him, another of the five heroes of Duality.

Everyone could see that he was restraining himself from instantly attacking Li Qiye. Someone else with less self-control would have pounced towards the enemy.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m