Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3691: Shocked

The stench of blood assaulted the nose along with a chilling sensation. Li Xiangquan and Zhang Yunzhi have been reduced to two corpses in no time at all.

Various thoughts popped up in people’s mind. The five heroes of Duality have lost two members just now but most importantly, they were the sons of influential big shots in Vajra - the Grand Commander and the Grand Chancellor. A storm was definitely brewing on the horizon.

“How will Vajra react?” One expert wondered.

Executing the two youths in public meant challenging Vajra’s authority - a direct insult.

The court might mobilize an army to destroy Li Qiye.

“Vajra is one thing but the two clans won’t let this go.” Another cultivator shook his head.

These two ancient clans have been around the holy ground for millions of years. The roots were deep, the same with their resources. They would definitely do everything in their power to avenge their successor.

“It won’t be easy for him.” One expert stared at Li Qiye.

Li Qiye’s Sword Point was wondrously profound and powerful. However, these two clans had ancestors lucky enough to survive the eras.

If they were to go all out, Li Qiye alone couldn’t contend against the two clans. Not to mention an individual, few powers had this ability.

Plus, Sword Point might not be enough to deal with the ancient ancestors from the clans. His death might be inevitable.

At the same time, some expert swordsmen didn’t care about this. Their mind was fixated on Sword Point, wanting nothing more than to learn it after seeing Li Qiye’s mighty display.

“Learning Sword Point means becoming invincible.” The students from Duality felt an insatiable itch.

Though the death of two heroes truly shocked them, they became increasingly impatient and wanted to return to Comprehension Peak as soon as possible in order to learn the technique.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

In their opinion, they had a higher chance of learning this technique than outsiders. This was because they were students from Duality; the fate connection was automatically higher.

“This guy might cause a bloody storm in the holy ground. So devilish.” One ancestor concluded while looking at the nonchalant Li Qiye.

The ancestors couldn’t see through a junior like Li Qiye, something quite perplexing for them.

It wasn’t only because of Sword Point. Everything good in the world seemed to fall into his lap. Moreover, his attitude was quite strange and shouldn’t be found in someone his age.

For example, he was perfectly fine despite antagonizing two behemoths. This could be attributed to confidence or ignorance. For the first case, how could a woodcutter from a desolate region oppose the Li and Zhang? Moreover, Vajra was there as well.

“Okay? Anyone else wants to take a look or try to rob me?” Li Qiye put away the saber and smiled tenderly at the crowd.

The spectators exchanged glances; no one dared to open their mouth.

The treasures were tempting but they preferred to live. Zhang Yunzhi and Li Xiangquan were prime examples. Moreover, Sword Point was unfathomable. They would never make a move before having a solution for this move.

“No one? What a shame?” Li Qiye patted the dust off his robe before leaving.

Everyone on the street made way for him, whether it be the young geniuses or the ancestors. He got a bit far before Yang Ling calmed down and gave chase.

She was shaken due to the death of the two heroes from Duality. As a student, she had seen them in action before. Their power left a deep impression on her.

But now, her young master killed them so easily with his shabby saber. Once she caught up, she took a deep breath and asked: “Young Master, about Sword Point...”

She found it hard to continue because she abandoned Sword Point for Duality Master’s technique.

Of course, she didn’t regret choosing something from the great founder. Nonetheless, watching Li Qiye in action left her amazed.

Unfortunately, though he used it three times, she still didn’t understand the move at all.

“What’s the mystery behind it? Why does everything, offense and defense, are useless before it? It seems able to bypass all techniques.” She carefully picked her words. Intuition told her this about Sword Point.

“You’re not too dumb, at least you saw something. However, this isn’t bypassing.” Li Qiye smiled.

“Then what is it?” She inquired.

“Everyone misunderstands the technique. It should have been named something more obvious. For example, Sword Displacement or Spatio-Temporal Sword Shift. That’ll give people some clues.”

“I see...” She then recalled the fight while contemplating. After a while, she became surprised and asked: “So it focuses on spatial and temporal manipulation?”

“Close enough.” Li Qiye responded.

“I still don’t understand, how can that action result in spatial displacement? There wasn’t any fluctuation or power capable of doing so.” She shook her head.

Li Qiye’s thrust didn’t create anything strong enough to have this effect.

“There lies the profundity of the move.” Li Qiye chuckled: “If it’s that simple, people would have figured it out long ago. In fact, it represents Sword Emperor’s supreme dao. He concentrated his dao on this move, it’s an outline of sorts.”