Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3695: Immovable Steel

People couldn’t help shivering after getting close enough and feeling its bone-biting chill. It wasn’t a pleasant sensation.

Tiny snowflakes still leaked out of the seal. Even the cabinet in the shape of a pillar was frozen due to its power. The thing was extraordinary regardless of its origin.

“The name is Glacier Lord Meteor. We’ve been wanting to create a cold-affinity treasure with it but haven’t found the right dao bone. It’s not for sale currently.” The monk introduced.

“It’s a good one, perfect for that affinity of a weapon. The result will be tremendous.” Li Qiye nodded: “For example, the dao bone of an ice dragon. That will put it at the top of this affinity.”

The monk was happy to hear the praise. However, Li Qiye was obviously not interested either.

“How about this one over here?” The monk introduced another one.

The thing looked like a large piece of jade rather than metal, around the size of a thick screen. The outer layer was red with white rays coursing around it.

It became a duality of red and white. The red looked like a surging river while the white resembled a frozen lake.

“Red-white aqua metal.” Li Qiye nodded after seeing this large piece.

“You’re so knowledgeable, only needing one glance.” The monk said with admiration.

Though it looked like jade, it was indeed a piece of metal - also rare and precious. Few had the privilege of seeing it before. It contained both the soft and hard affinity, making it a great material for crafting. Big shots would love to use it for crafting their own treasure.

“It’s on consignment as well. This one has high purity.” The monk commented.

“It’s nice.” Li Qiye only smiled.

The monk wasn’t one to dwell on a disinterested customer so the two moved on. He introduced another dozen or so.

Each was the finest grade of metals; some were unheard of and never seen before even by the top experts. These ones belonged to Wish Ward, even purchased from customers or excavated from their mines.

In fact, just some of the ores alone were too expensive for Vajra to handle.

Unfortunately, Li Qiye only glanced briefly without caring too much.

“This particular one, we don’t know its name.” The monk looked a little embarrassed while introducing the next.

It looked like a broken section of a pillar and had numerous mottled spots, seemingly the scars after being cut by sharp objects and weapons.

It was black from top to bottom, a bit similar to the onyx earlier but lacking the bright glow and a metallic hymn. The broken surface was uneven as well, looking quite ugly. Someone must have struggled before finally breaking it down.

“It has been around for a long time. A guest pawned it here several generations ago in exchange for a sky-high sum.” The monk went on.

“Your store accepted the exchange, impressive insight.” Li Qiye said.

“You’re too kind, Young Master.” The monk chuckled. This was a place of business. They naturally thought that it was special in some way.

“The guest said that this is their clan’s heirloom. A very long time ago, their ancestor took this down from a divine mountain. It is something capable of connecting with the sources of heaven and earth...” The monk elaborated.

“Don’t believe in all legends.” Li Qiye said.

“Right.” The monk agreed: “Putting the story aside, it is quite magical. We don’t know what it is and or what it consists of.”

“Your side agreed because it’s extremely tough.” Li Qiye said.

“Amazing. Yes, both sides had no idea of the item’s origin or its name. Nonetheless, its strangely tough. We tried numerous weapons but only managed to scratch the surface barely. We then used a mighty weapon and took off a small corner.”

“Mighty weapon” here must have been something heaven-defying.

“I want this one.” Li Qiye said after hearing the introduction.

“This one?” The monk wasn’t too surprised because Li Qiye was clearly interested from the start.

The monk immediately removed the seal and took the metal. He handed it to Li Qiye and laughed: “This isn’t enough to show our respect to you but please, take it.”

Li Qiye accepted without replying. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

This metal clearly had immense value. Moreover, the ward paid a large sum for it back then, aware of its worth. This could fetch an exorbitant sum on the market yet the monk gave it to Li Qiye without batting an eye.

Of course, not just anyone was worthy of their generosity.

“Could you tell me its name, Young Master?” The monk became curious afterward.

“This is immovable steel, extremely rare and not part of this world. It’s hard to see it in this epoch or the previous. Calling it something capable of connecting with heaven is an exaggeration but it does have a similar effect.”

“Immovable steel.” This was the monk’s first time hearing this name. He thought that it was suitable given its characteristics.

“Are you looking for anything else, Young Master? We still had more metals.” The monk said.

“No need, if I keep on looking, I’m afraid your store will be crying for a long time.” Li Qiye glanced around before refusing.

“Please, Young Master.” The monk replied: “The metals here are considered precious for regular people like us but they’re nothing more than scrap metals in your eyes. Offering them to you is our honor.”

It sounded like flattery but was simply the truth. Ordinary materials weren’t worthy of Li Qiye’s time. Wish Ward should feel flattered and honored since it had items capable of entering his eyes.

The duo left the secret treasury. A member of Wish Ward immediately reported something to the monk.

“A guest wishes to see you.” The monk told Li Qiye.

The moment he finished speaking, someone hurriedly rushed closer to them.