Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3843: Astrological Phenomenon

“Buzz.” The top part of the water beam transformed into a large crystal ball, floating on the bottom half of the water.

This scene wasn’t that surprising. After all, any cultivator at a certain level could change water into a crystal ball or simply perform an illusory technique. In this case, the Grand Seer used an ancient divination art to do so, not relying on his cultivation. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

The image inside the crystal ball didn’t stop shifting. The spectators saw a sun always emitting bright rays. Then in the next moment, it became dark clouds with flashing lightning. Next came a torrent of rain or scattering snow, enough to freeze and cover the land with a white layer...

Everyone saw a different scene. The first-comers found this surprising but those with experience knew that they had varying senses and awareness - hence the different results.

The dignified Grand Seer chanted while forming a mudra with both hands. The mudra morphed as his dinger danced.

People knew that this was the start of the divination process. Eventually, the final form of the mudra was a lotus flower.

He raised and pointed one finger at the crystal ball, adding the lotus flower into it. Ripples appeared on the surface and continued to spread.

Something similar was duplicated to the rest of the world. The crowd felt as if everything was within the seer’s vision.

Once the ripples disappeared, they no longer saw the terrifying lightning bolts and all-encompassing glaciers. The crystal ball now reflected the world itself, acting as a tool for them to observe.

They felt as if they could look at themselves now from the outside - an awfully strange sensation.

The Grand Seer’s eyes started pulsing with a golden glow as he attempted to gaze deeper into the crystal ball.

The rest of the crowd followed his vision and traversed through endless space, finally ending at the azure.

They found themselves in a different location, right beneath the sky vault. Laws circulated above, akin to the opening of a supreme dao portal. They couldn’t avert their gaze while being overwhelmed with fascination.

“Creak!” The portal opened and chaos true energy oozed out from the gap. Dao laws poured down, intending on illuminating the entire world.

The seer’s vision pierced through this chaotic energy in order to gaze at the deepest crevice of the sky through the portal. He wanted to see what lies beyond. The crowd felt the same curiosity as him.

“Boom! Boom! Boom!” Suddenly, loud thunder sounded. Lightning bolts descended with the force of an ocean, wanting to devourer all living beings.

A terrible force rocked their mind and pushed them out of this zen state. They returned to their body and staggered backward.

Once they looked around, they were no longer standing beneath the azure. Of course, they were never there in the first place and merely saw it through the seer’s eyes.

They noticed that he was still standing in front of the crystal ball. The artifact contained numerous lightning bolts now.

He tried his best to hold the crystal ball. Though the lighting bolts rampaged within, the ball didn’t move in the slightest as long as he maintained his grip.

His eyes opened wide and spewed out magnificent rays; each capable of opening a new realm. This was his attempt to comprehend the mysterious astrological signs.

As he delved deeper into the crystal ball, more lightning bolts spawned in order to stop him. They escaped the ball and surrounded him. This, in turn, made him look like a god of lighting.

The decrepit and dying old man was nowhere to be seen, replaced by a deity capable of understanding the heavenly secrets. All laws and dao were within his grasp.

The emotional spectators realized that this was the real Grand Seer. His feeble state with unsteady steps was only a facade.

Of course, they thought that this was understandable. How could a dying man test the will of heaven?

He had lived for generations and divined numerous great events. Someone with this much experience couldn’t possibly be a weakling.

In terms of actual fighting potential, he might not be a match for the supremes but this was more than enough.

“Buzz.” His golden rays gave birth to divination runes. These occult runes gathered on the crystal ball and started a refinement process. They kept on changing, wanting to derive and comprehend the secrets hidden in the azure.

Once they reached their top morphing speed, no experts here could see a thing and became dizzy.

“Stabilize!” The Grand Seer roared thunderously.

“Pop!” The crystal ball was fixed in place by the runes. Though the surface was still rippling and ravaged by lightning bolts, the crowd thought that he had successfully stabilized it.

He staggered backward while his chest heaved up and down, gasping for breath. He turned pale, on the verge of vomiting blood.

Tension took over the air; the crowd became afraid that he might fall down after seeing him tremble.

“What a frightening astronomical sign, the Grand Seer has never struggled like this before.” An ancient ancestor took a deep breath. He was fortunate to see the Grand Seer performing this ceremony before. It went smoothly, unlike this one.

The spectators could easily tell that this was a struggle. This astrology sign was truly frightening, forcing the Grand Seer to go all out. The question became - what did he see in there?

After a long time, the seer took a deep breath. His golden rays were nowhere to be found. A turbid gray took over his eyes again, the same with the previous deathly aura.