Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Leng Shizhi was anxious to put all of his most powerful treasures on his body, afraid that someone wouldn’t know that he was the first genius of the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect, as well as one that possessed numerous treasures.

In fact, Leng Shizhi wasn’t the only one to dress up today, all of the male disciples were adorning beautiful clothings as well. Their treasures were in plain sight on their bodies, afraid that people wouldn’t know that they didn’t have so many treasures.

Li Qiye saw this scene and could only shake his head. He told Protector Mo who was standing near by: "These people seemed to be attending the circus, not Li Shuangyan’s greeting party!"

Nan Huairen didn’t have the qualification to stand next to the upper echelons during the greeting party, only Protector Mo was next to Li Qiye. Hearing those words, Protector Mo could only show a hollow smile. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"Be more formal!" At this time, Leng Shizhi who was standing in front turned back and coldly said: "Princess Li is the descendant of the imperial family, the most distinguished guest of the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect. We must greet her in the most dignified manner, in order to avoid disgrace and shame to our sect!"

Finished speaking, he looked at Li Qiye with disdain.

At this point, Li Qiye alone, was wearing a cotton garment, unadorned by any treasures and looked exactly like a mortal. At first, Leng Shizhi was assigned to be standing side by side with Li Qiye, but Leng Shizhi believed that he was above the piece of waste, so he took the initiative to stand in front.

"Her royal highness’ presence is definitely an honor to all of us." Among the male disciples waiting, one excitedly exclaimed.

Leng Shizhi was dismissive of these disciples, their talents were so average, how could they win Princess Li’s favor. It was simply a toad wanting to eat a swan’s meat! Hmmph, as for the idiotic Li Qiye, he wasn’t even a toad; he was not even qualified to have such a thought.

WIth this thought, Leng Shizhi had an even greater disdain for Li Qiye. Although the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect and the Nine Saint Demon Gate had an ancient marriage pact, only the Prime Disciple like Li Qiye would have the right to marry Li Shuangyan. However, Leng Shizhi didn’t care for this ancient convention; Li Qiye was not qualified to marry Li Shuangyan in his eyes, and surely Li Shuangyan would hate a piece of trash like Li Qiye.

In Leng Shizhi’s opinion, as long as he had the opportunity to be close to Li Shuangyan, he could please her enough to win her favor. He was extremely confident in himself, he was the first genius of the sect after all!

Li Shuangyan had yet to come. At the ancient gateway, some from the younger generation couldn’t help but quietly whisper amongst each other. A disciple asked: "This time the princess is coming to our Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect, what is her purpose?"

"I heard that the Prime Disciple and the successor of the Nine Saint Demon Gate were determined to be married." An older disciple knew a little about it thoughtfully said.

"Marriage?" After hearing this answer, one disciple glanced at Li Qiye and contemptuously said.

One disciple said with disdain: "Him? Hmmph, in my opinion, the princess came to dissolve this marriage. Her royal highness would be dismissive of an idiot with a Mortal Physique, Mortal Life Wheel, and Mortal Fate Palace."

"Whatever reason it might be for the princess’ arrival, this is a good chance for us to be close to her royal highness." A disciple excitedly said.

The only person without any interest in these little arguments was Li Qiye. It was fine to occasionally act in a play, but if this took any longer, he would lose his interest!

At this time, an “ooomph” resonated from the Dao gateway, it blindingly illuminated the eyes. The brilliant crystal door was opened, and the dimension between the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect and the Nine Saint Demon Gate was finally connected. A group of people stepped out from the gateway, and the first person was the successor, Li Shuangyan of the Nine Saint Demon Gate.

In addition to her, there were a few familiar faces to Li Qiye, such as Grand Protector Yu He and a few exceptional disciples of the Nine Saint Demon Gate.

Li Shuangyan, still dressed in white, her masterpiece of an alluring face was still cold as snow; arrogant like a goddess sitting on her throne, causing even the moon and sun to blush in her presence.

As for the male disciples, especially the ones that were seeing Li Shuangyan for the first time, they were stunned by her beautiful face and figure and couldn’t recover for a long time. Even the female disciples found that the appearance of Li Shuangyan totally eclipsed their own, and subconsciously felt ugly in comparison.

The person who claimed to be the first genius of the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect, Leng Shizhi, couldn’t keep himself from staring at Li Shuangyan’s features; he lost his thoughts for a long time, unable to recover.

The Six Elders were surprised because they thought it would just be Li Shuangyan, but Grand Protector Yu He came as well.

One had to know that Yu He was a powerful figure even within the Royal Nobles of the Nine Saint Demon Gate. Even the Elders of the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect didn’t have the qualification to meet Yu He; but this time, he personally came along, and this made the sect feel quite proud.

The Six Elders quickly recovered, and brought the Protectors forward to greet him.

"Princess Li and Protector Yu’s arrival brings our sect great honor. If our small faction’s hospitality has any mistakes, I hope for the princess and grand protector to forgive." The First Elder led the pack and greeted them.

Seeing this, Li Qiye sighed. The Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect had really declined. The great Six Elders of the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect of Immortal Emperor lineage had to act in such a servile manner, these people were helpless.

Way back then, when Min Ren and him were still controlling the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect, they never had to bow down to anyone. He sent the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect to sweep the whole Nine Worlds.

Virtuous Paragon? Ancient God? Who dared to stop the rise of the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect, kill without mercy! Heavenly Devils, Blood Race, and even the Charming Spirits blessed by the heavens had to come worship the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect. Between the nine heavens and ten earths, in the middle of this world, who had the qualification to make the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect subservient?

"Elder Gu and everyone are too kind!" Li Shuangyan lightly nodded her head and Grand Protector Yu He stepped forward to return the greeting.

At this time, Li Shuangyan’s bright eyes fell upon Li Qiye. Even though they showed no emotions and were as cold as ice, their attractiveness was still apparent. Li Qiye, however, was still casually standing, calm and comfortable as if there was nothing important enough to warrant his attention.

Seeing Li Shuangyan walking away, Yu He and the other disciples from the Nine Saint Demon Gate quickly followed.

Numerous disciples held their breaths, their minds were frozen from staring at the beautiful girl ahead. The First Elder was relieved to see this scene. No matter what, Li Qiye had successfully passed the trial of the Nine Saint Demon Gate. Li Shuangyan going towards his direction was a good start.

Leng Shizhi was trying to regain his composure and he saw Li Shuangyan coming closer. He was ecstatic. Of course, Li Shuangyan had noticed him – the first genius of the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect. So he arched his back and exposed a confident smile to greet Li Shuangyan.

Seeing this, many male disciples were jealous and envious, but they had to admit that Leng Shizhi as the first genius of the sect and was the one who was the most entitled to Li Shuangyan’s blue eyes. [1]

However, Li Shuangyan didn’t bother to look towards his direction. She went straight towards Li Qiye, making Leng Shizhi’s expression freeze.

"Young Noble Li!" [2]

Li Shuangyan greeted in front of Li Qiye. The two of them, one masterpiece of alluring beauty, and the other was just an ordinary boy; them standing together created a scene that was like the difference between the heavens and earth.

Li Qiye just casually nodded, despite Li Shuangyan’s peerless beauty. He was not moved by her honoring gesture, he leisurely smiled and said: "It is best to figure it out completely!"

Of course, these abrupt words could only be understood by a few people here.

"It is my honor to see Young Noble again." Yu He also stepped forward and clapped his hands: "Our majesty has a message for you. He hopes that when you have some leisure time that you would visit our sect as a guest, his majesty will personally greet you."

"If the Demon King said so, then I won’t be so reserved." Li Qiye smiled and then continued: "Coming to my Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect as a guest, you don’t need to be so restrained; if there are any inconveniences, just let Protector Mo or Nan Huairen know."

"Young Noble’s words, Yu He understand!" Yu He nodded and greeted Protector Mo and Nan Huairen.

This small action caused a shiver in the master and disciple pair because the words from Li Qiye before had changed a lot of things.

Although they were on the side of Li Qiye, they have not been given any real benefits. However, with Li Qiye words just now, their status had been elevated greatly.

Even the greeting party led by the Elders were using a subservient status to greet a Royal Noble like Yu He. However, with Li Qiye’s words, it meant that he placed them in the same position as Yu He, and they could directly communicate with Grand Protector Yu He of the Nine Saint Demon Gate. Protector Mo and Nan Huairen felt like the decision of joining Li Qiye was their wisest choice; their destiny would be changed in a way that others couldn’t ever imagine.

[1] To get into someone’s blue eyes is to get their respect or acceptance.

[2] Gongzi is close to Mr. but mostly meant for younger men. A suffix meant for respect.