Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 403: The Fiancee, Lan Yunzhu

Yan Long was very hopeful about this situation and had always thought that he was the most suitable dao companion for Lan Yunzhu. But now, Lan Yunzhu’s fiance suddenly appeared so how could this not be a huge blow to him? He even had the urge to kill Li Qiye.

Others could still stay calm with Li Qiye’s arrival, but Yan Long lost all of his patience and came to find him. He wished to teach Li Qiye a lesson so that he would know better and quit.

Yan Long looked at Li Qiye in disdain. In his eyes, Li Qiye’s appearance was ordinary, and his cultivation was shallow — far from the apex. He contemptuously sneered — how could a common mortal like this be worthy of their sister? Truly an idiot’s dream!

“So you are Li Qiye!” Yan Long snorted and said with an imperious tone as he glared at Li Qiye. As the senior brother of the Thousand Carp River who had always enjoyed the highest level of respect, an unknown nobody like Li Qiye was no different than a cockroach in his eyes.

To Yan Long, trampling an unknown cockroach like Li Qiye would be dirtying his shoes!

Li Qiye was too lazy to look at him or care for his words; he simply stood there to look at Immortal Emperor Qian Li’s statue.

“Brat, do you hear me?” Li Qiye ignoring him enraged Yan Long. In his opinion, even talking to a nobody like Li Qiye was already a great honor for the brat, yet this brat didn’t even bother to look at him — this was extremely humiliating.

“Where did this fly come from. It keep buzzing around nonstop!” At this time, Li Qiye slowly spoke while gently swinging his sleeve as if he wanted to chase this annoying fly away.

Lu Baiqiu could only lament her fate after hearing Li Qiye’s aggressive words. At this moment, it would be difficult to stop this conflict.

Many disciples from the river sect looked at each other in anger. Li Qiye’s bold tone was extremely disrespectful to their river sect. Some who viewed Yan Long as their love rival chose to watch by the side.

“Ignorant fool!” Yan Long suddenly became outraged as he glared and spewed out a wave of flames that resembled a fire dragon, roaring towards Li Qiye.

The moment Yan Long took action, Li Qiye narrowed his eyes and revealed a cold glint. Lu Baiqiu, who was right next to him, couldn’t help but become startled. She was not worried for Li Qiye since she already knew of his ferocity. Yan Long’s fierceness was not enough compared to Li Qiye!

“Pop!” Before the fire dragon could even come close to Li Qiye, it was already destroyed by a flick of a finger. Yan Long had been angered, but after seeing the person who dispelled his fire dragon, all of his anger suddenly vanished.

A girl wearing a blue dress suddenly appeared right next to Li Qiye. She then silently stood beside him with a transcendent air. The girl had a pair of spirited eyes that could bewilder spectators with their pure aura. Although her features shamed the moon and flowers, more people would pay attention to her wonderful temperament.

“Sister!” Yan Long’s anger dissipated after seeing this lady dressed in blue. He immediately put on his gallant posture and revealed a smile that could swoon countless young girls.

“Sister Lan!” Seeing this lady in blue, many Thousand Carp disciples excitedly called out. The male disciples stared in obsession after seeing this charming, beautiful woman.

“Descendant of the Thousand Carp River, Fairy Zhu!” Lu Baiqiu’s expression changed after seeing this woman before her, feeling a sense of inferiority. Lan Yunzhu was indeed worthy of being the descendant of the river sect, a heaven’s proud daughter of the Distant Cloud, and a famed beauty in the entire region.

Li Qiye couldn’t help but smile after seeing the lady in blue beside him. He was too familiar with this girl since it was the person who he referred to as a faded old woman.

“Sister has finally broken through the trial!” Yan Long happily exclaimed: “Congratulations, I knew that this little trial was nothing to you.”

Lan Yunzhu gently nodded her head and greeted: “Thank you for your concern, but I wonder why you suddenly wanted to attack him?”

“Sister, this brat does not know the immensity of the heaven and earth and considered himself your fiance. I want to teach this brat a lesson in your stead about a frog wanting to eat a swan’s meat!” Yan Long hurriedly replied.

Li Qiye couldn’t help but smile, then he looked at Lan Yunzhu and said: “Faded Old Woman, if your senior brother wants to teach me a lesson, do you think it would be better if I fight back, or if you should do it?”

Lan Yunzhu gritted her teeth after hearing these words; she couldn’t help but glare at Li Qiye. As for Yan Long, his anger had already reached the sky.

“Thing that doesn’t know life from death, you dare to insult my sister!?” Yan Long’s flame suddenly soared forward. It was as if he had turned into a Fire Dragon and unleashed a move that covered the sky in flames wanting to incinerate Li Qiye.

“Pop!” Lan Yunzhu gently stopped Yan Long again before he could harm Li Qiye. Although she was quite angry at him, she was also someone who knew when to move forward and when to retreat. Although their senior brother was powerful, but not to mention an Ancient Saint like him, even a Heavenly Sovereign would not be able to handle Li Qiye.

Six palaces and nine stars — this was absolutely an existence worthy of fear. Heavenly Sovereigns would turn pale when faced with such a heaven-defying existence.

“Sister—” Yan Long was surprised to see Lan Yunzhu blocking another attack. He suddenly felt jealous seeing Lan Yunzhu protect Li Qiye twice!

“Brother, this person is a guest. This is no way to treat our Thousand Carp River’s guest!” Lan Yunzhu dismissively said.

Yan Long stopped with with a hateful expression and said: “I’ll spare this brat today out of respect for Sister, but next time, I’ll show him who’s daddy!”

Li Qiye couldn’t be bothered to care for Yan Long and told Lan Yunzhu: “Very well, you guys can deal with your own sect stuff. Little Girl, come to my place later.” Having said that, he turned around and left.

Lu Baiqiu’s mouth was wide open as she stood there dumbfounded. This was the descendant of the Thousand Carp River; countless talents respected her like a goddess, but Li Qiye treated her like his own servant.

Li Qiye’s attitude exasperated Yan Long’s murderous fury while Lan Yunzhu couldn’t do anything about it. As for the disciples standing to the side, they could only glance at each other speechlessly.

Not long after he returned to his mansion, Lan Yunzhu came by. The moment she saw him, she angrily rolled her eyes at him and exclaimed: “You came here to stir trouble, right!?”

Li Qiye leisurely said: “So what if I am? If you guys didn’t come to provoke me, would I be running here to mess with you? To keep it simple, you guys brought this upon yourselves.”

“This is the Thousand Carp River! It’s not a place where you can come and go as you please. Hmph, if something happens, I want to see who will protect you!” Lan Yunzhu angrily scowled.

Li Qiye couldn’t help but smile and say: “Faded Old Woman, your words are mistaken. It is exactly because this is the Thousand Carp River that I can do as I please!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Please, Uncle, your tone is so grand. Do you really think that you are invincible in this world?” Lan Yunzhu goaded. Her teeth were itching from anger because of this brat, so she also thought about teaching him a lesson.

Li Qiye nonchalantly replied: “Not quite invincible in this world yet. However, if there is a place where I want to go, there really is no one in this river that can stop me. Not even those old ancestors buried beneath the earth can do so.”

Lan Yunzhu snorted in response. Although she was a bit annoyed by Li Qiye’s attitude, she had to admit that this brat indeed had the ability to act arrogantly. Six palaces and nine stars... Even a genius with dual Saint aptitudes like her felt inferior...

“You guys... know each other?” Lu Baiqiu finally had the opportunity to jump in. However, she felt that this question was a bit idiotic. They were engaged, so how could they not know each other?

But then again, she felt as if this was not correct either. Li Qiye never talked about Lan Yunzhu before. It was as if he didn’t know about her, so why were they acting so familiar now?

“Well...” Li Qiye looked at Lan Yunzhu and cheerfully smiled: “A certain person wanted to hide their identity and pretended to be an old housewife to cook for her fiance. So it turns out that it was to check my identity!”

“Please, Uncle, you think too highly of yourself!” Lan Yunzhu angrily glared at Li Qiye and retorted: “Who would ever want a fiance like you? It was merely a whim in order to experience the tough life of a mortal!”

“Is that so?” Li Qiye looked at her and said: “Running to a random island in the Thousand Islands to experience the hardships of mortal life? Out of all the places, you chose mine. This is too much of a coincidence, yeah?”

“That is how I like it, don’t you worry about it!” Lan Yunzhu snappily exclaimed: “And the Thousand Islands is not your home. I can come as I please, so what are you going to do about it?”

Lu Baiqiu watched the two bicker and couldn’t help but chuckle. The two of them fighting seemed a bit like a young couple.

“Very well.” Li Qiye said with a wide smile: “All in all, you have spied on me. So what do you think about your fiance, and when are we going to get married?”

“Bah, a toad trying to eat a swan!” Lan Yunzhu’s face blushed as she angrily exclaimed.

Li Qiye looked at her and said: “Faded Old Woman, I do enjoy being a toad eating a swan. However, a swan in my eyes is at least at the True Immortal and Immortal Emperor level. You are still very far from being a swan!”