Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 429: Explaining

Li Qiye calmly sat at the bow of the boat and smiled at Qiurong Wanxue, who sat down beside him. In terms of beauty and allure, Qiurong Wanxue was far from Chen Baojiao’s level. However, Chen Baojiao didn’t have the mature charm nor the dignified elegance of Qiurong Wanxue.

Chen Baojiao was a calamitous and kingdom-toppling beauty, a supreme enchantress that took away the souls of others with a single glance.

Qiurong Wanxue was also movingly beautiful, especially her mature charm no different from a ripe peach that causes hearts to beat faster; people will love her more and more the more they’re exposed to her.

“Does Chief Qiurong have something to say?” Li Qiye looked at her amorous features and calmly asked.

Qiurong Wanxue’s heart was filled with emotions as she looked at this man who, despite being so much younger than her, seemed so mystical. Li Qiye was very ordinary when it came to his face and aura.

However, as one interacted with him more, they would find him to be full of mysteries. He would make others feel like they were being sucked in as if he was an inescapable black hole.

“What is Young Noble Li’s goal for coming to Necropolis this time?” Qiurong Wanxue pondered for a moment before asking the question that had been haunting her.

Qiurong Wanxue hoped to have a real talk with Li Qiye if they were to continue to stay together at Necropolis since they knew nothing about him!

Li Qiye didn’t answer her question but asked one instead: “What is Chief Qiurong’s goal at Necropolis?”

She stared at him while he met her gaze, right into her clear and bright eyes. They gazed at each other for a bit, and Qiurong Wanxue was the first to turn away. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

She then took a deep breath and thought for a bit before resolutely saying: “If we are on the same side, then we need to work together. If you wish to know, then I’ll tell you. This time, I came to Necropolis to find something that my tribe had lost.” Since she wanted a sincere conversation with Li Qiye, she revealed the truth after contemplating for a bit.

“So that is the case.” Li Qiye smiled and replied. He understood her concerns, so he went on to say: “I don’t mind telling you; I came this time in order to find a certain something.”

“What are you searching for?” Qiurong Wanxue inquired further.

Li Qiye didn’t answer. He stared at her amorous snow-white face and asked: “Chief Qiurong, what item did your tribe lose?”

Qiurong Wanxue became silent. This matter was of grave importance to the tribe, so she couldn’t carelessly tell an outsider.

Li Qiye smirked at the sight of her careful contemplation. He then asked: “We won’t talk about this issue anymore, we can talk about the sudden eclipse instead. On that day, did you see anything strange?”

Li Qiye found out a lot of things from Peng Zhuang, but he was now asking Qiurong Wanxue to confirm it. The reason was very simple; whenever Peng Zhuang talked about the gigantic hand from the Prime Ominous Grave, Qiurong Wanxue would yell at him to stop. This made Li Qiye believe that she knew a thing or two about it.

Qiurong Wanxue turned around to look at the young group of six. They were sitting at the other end with their backs turned towards Li Qiye and didn’t seem to be paying attention to them.

“So Young Noble Li came because of this matter?” Qiurong Wanxue had speculated this possibility early on since Li Qiye had shown interest in this matter from the very start.

Li Qiye did not hide anything and smiled: “You can put it that way. I trust that you know a thing or two, so can you tell me?”

Qiurong Wanxue pondered for a bit while looking at Li Qiye who was calmly waiting for an answer. She then took a deep breath and nodded her head in agreement.

Right afterward, she recalled: “The monstrous hand that Peng Zhuang talked about... It was indeed there. On the day of the eclipse, I was absorbing worldly energy while looking towards the Prime Ominous Grave.” She paused here for a moment.

“And then?” Li Qiye was not too anxious since he was quite sure about what had happened.

Qiurong Wanxue took a calming breath and eventually continued on: “Right when the sky was no longer dark, I saw... the Prime Ominous Grave open.”

Peng Zhuang was not certain of this matter for he was completely horrified after seeing the gigantic hand, but Qiurong Wanxue was staring at the grave the entire time.

When the eclipse was over, Qiurong Wanxue was astonished at the grave’s opening since it seemed impossible. The grave had not been opened for a long time, and she had heard that a key was required. Her ancestor had not heard of anyone obtaining this particular key.

This was the reason why she found the whole thing quite strange; this whole thing contained secrets unbeknownst to her. Each time Peng Zhuang brought it up, she quickly silenced it since she didn’t want to bring about any trouble to the Snow-shadow Tribe.

After listening to her recollection, Li Qiye smiled and said: “So that was the case.” Now, he was completely certain of the events that transpired. This meant that he absolutely had to obtain the key to enter the grave.

Qiurong Wanxue glanced in his direction and asked: “Since I have revealed the things Young Noble wanted to know, can you tell me one thing?”

“Please go ahead.” Li Qiye calmly said: “I’ll happily reveal what I know to Chief Qiurong.”

She then asked: “How did you know the locations of where the Yang Nightfish would appear?”

Their harvest was too shocking. There was once a descendant from an emperor’s lineage who brought along a supreme treasure to Nightsea, but this person’s harvest throughout an entire year was not comparable to the amount Li Qiye obtained in just a month. This matter had been hanging on Qiurong Wanxue’s mind.

Li Qiye smiled and said: “So Chief Qiurong didn’t believe me. I spoke the truth, my intuition had been very sensitive since a young age, especially when I stay in the same place for a long time. It is a natural gift from birth.”

Qiurong Wanxue angrily glared at him since she had been tricked. She didn’t believe his nonsense at all. If these fish in Nightsea could be caught by intuition, then they would have become extinct already.

Li Qiye only smirked in response to Qiurong Wanxue’s red and beautiful angry glare. He couldn’t tell this secret to someone else.

He spent countless efforts at Necropolis. In the past millions of years, at least half of the amount of times the grave had been opened contained traces of the Dark Crow, Li Qiye.

It was not easy to find the Prime Ominous Grave’s key since one needed to deal with Necropolis’ inhabitants. Although dealing with them was easy since one only needed sufficient Yang Nightfish to trade for the things they desired, the most essential requirement was finding the right person, no, the right ghost.

Li Qiye had opened the grave several times. Sometimes he was alone, sometimes he had companions; however, each time required a huge amount of Yang Nightfish. Because of these fish, Li Qiye had studied Nightsea for a long time. He had even stayed at Necropolis for a generation.

It could be said that currently, no one in this world understood Nightsea and Necropolis better than Li Qiye.

Qiurong Wanxue said in exasperation: “Young Noble Li, even if you don’t wish to speak the truth, you don’t need to come up with such an excuse to fool me.” As the chief, she had always been shrewd and careful, but this time, being tricked by Li Qiye had done quite a number on her.

“Oh, it seems that I have hurt Chief Qiurong’s feelings.” Li Qiye startlingly exclaimed: “If that is so, then I should try to compensate to further amend our relationship. It is my fault for not noticing your affection earlier.”

“You!” Qiurong Wanxue’s tender breasts swayed up and down like a powerful wave as she glared at Li Qiye. She couldn’t help but grip her fists; this little demon was too arrogant. He even dared to tease her! This was too much! Before, she felt that this little demon was very well-behaved. But now, it was clear that it was all an act, he was just a wolf in sheep’s clothing.

Li Qiye was carefree as always and was unafraid of her fury. He looked straight into her eyes while putting on an innocent appearance.

Li Qiye’s pretentiously pitiful appearance made Qiurong Wanxue helpless since it stopped her from acting out.

While they were speaking, Peng Zhuang and the other youths were whispering to each other about the two.

Peng Zhuang softly muttered: “Heh, I feel that Brother Li and our chief are quite a match.”

“No way!” The female disciple tilted her head and replied: “Brother Li is about our age, but our chief is a bit older.”

“The old saying goes: age is not a barrier.” Peng Zhuang mischievously went on: “I feel that our chief holds Brother Li in high regard, do you guys not see it? She had been lost in thought while looking at him.”

[spoiler title=’429 Teaser’]Li Qiye calmly sat at the bow of the boat and smiled at Qiurong Wanxue, who sat down beside him. In terms of beauty and allure, Qiurong Wanxue was far from Chen Baojiao’s level. However, Chen Baojiao didn’t have the mature charm nor the dignified elegance of Qiurong Wanxue.

Chen Baojiao was a calamitous and kingdom-toppling beauty, a supreme enchantress that took away the souls of others with a single glance.

Qiurong Wanxue was also movingly beautiful, especially her mature charm that was no different from a ripe peach; it would cause the hearts of others to beat faster and faster. People would love her more and more from further exposure.

“Does Chief Qiurong have something to say?” Li Qiye looked at her amorous features and calmly asked.[/spoiler]