Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4284: Bodhisattva Garden

It was understandable that she couldn’t find him since he had concluded his astral projection. He then performed a spatial leap to reach the next destination - a place known as Bodhisattva Garden or Bodhisattva Grave.

The world has changed continuously but one thing remained - the respect everyone had for this area - the resting place of Medicine Bodhisattva.

It served as a garden without walls. One could smell numerous medicinal fragrances from a distance.

It resembled a hill in appearance with countless medicinal grass and herbs. They grew naturally without anyone in charge.

Nonetheless, the garden was neat and had its own order. It had both common and rare grass. For example, one could even find precious ones such as Nine-cycle Violet Leaf, Platinum Hyaline, Crimsonblood Draconic Tendon…

Normally, spirit vegetations had their own growing conditions, especially the precious ones. The latter had strict requirements regarding their surroundings. This didn’t apply in the garden. All of them seemed to be flourishing just fine, completely untethered. This has puzzled cultivators for eras now.

Rumor has it that Medicine Bodhisattva was buried here. There was a nameless tablet in the garden. To the left and right were various statues of auspicious beasts. In an inconspicuous corner was the statue of an old man, seemingly the servant of the Bodhisattva.

The memorial tablet strangely didn’t have an epitaph or any rune. Nonetheless, people still came to offer their respect.

Its existence was more significant than the spirit vegetation nearby - the primary reason for many pilgrimages.

Li Qiye stood in front of the tablet and his eyes flashed brightly. The light illuminated the tablet and pierced into the ground, allowing him to see all of its mysteries.

There were also bundles of flowers left in front of the tablet, ranging from rose to chrysanthemum or other spirit flowers… They must have been left behind by cultivators who came to offer their respect.

Medicine Bodhisattva had appeared before many dao lords. However, they were forgotten while this being was still worshiped.

Li Qiye didn’t say anything and merely observed the ground beneath the tablet as if there was a hidden treasury.

In reality, he wasn’t the only one in the garden. It had a thousand visitors or so each day.

“Please bless and protect us from disasters and sufferings, Bodhisattva.” Many placed their palms together and quietly prayed.

The majority of cultivators didn’t believe in gods and ghosts, the same with whatever Bodhisattva. After all, they themselves were virtually gods in the eyes of mortals, capable of doing wondrous feats. They should be praying to themselves, not other deities.

Medicine Bodhisattva was an exception in their world. She was a real person, not a mythical figure.

She was a doctor who traveled around the world to heal people and perform kind deeds. Her medicinal skill was peerless, capable of saving mortals on their last leg and cultivators on the brink of death.

Most importantly, she never discriminated, whether it be by race or morality. She would heal even the most heinous devil as long as they came in contact. She never demanded payments either.

There have been top doctors and alchemists in history. Alas, they only worked in the cultivation world.

No cultivator versed in this art would bother traveling around to help mortals. After all, refining each precious pill required immense effort and resources.

One could say that using these pills on mortals was a waste of resources - akin to feeding ginseng to ants. Thus, she was special in that she would try to save whoever she saw regardless of their circumstances. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

This noble creed of her won the heart of both mortals and cultivators. Therefore, all of Eight Desolaces mourned her passing.

Dao lords and devil kings alive came to carry her coffin. The entire world grieved as a result.

She was a rare historical figure who wasn’t known for having incredible power and battle prowess. The respect shown to her didn’t wane over the years.

Top existences, evil or not, still occasionally visited the garden to offer their respect.

Today, Li Qiye was also here. Was it for remembrance or something else?

After a while, he averted his gaze then gently stroked the tablet, seemingly wanting to sense its vibration.

He then pulled back and turned his attention to the statue in the corner. It has been ravaged by rain and wind; the lines were no longer clear.

Nonetheless, one could still tell that it depicted an old man. It appeared rather ordinary, perhaps a servant of the Bodhisattva.

It stared in the direction of the tablet, perhaps still wanting to protect its master and the garden. No one really knew the actual stories behind this place.

Most never paid attention to this statue. There were no writings regarding it either.

“Crack!” However, once Li Qiye got close enough, cracks suddenly appeared on the statue.