Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 433: Follow Me

The young group of six were stunned for a long time. The Yin Moon Prince, a Royal Noble, was crushed to death. This was too terrifying. They stared at Li Qiye witlessly without being able to say a word.

“So it seems that I was being a busybody. With your abilities, Young Noble Li had no need for our tribe’s protection.” Qiurong Wanxue calmed down and wryly smiled. [1. Okay, this part requires some explanation to make some sense. “Busybody” here is a prose meaning ‘to shower affection on an uninterested party.’ The second part of this prose means to think that your love is reciprocated. But the entire prose here is saying that she was interfering when it wasn’t needed. I think picking busybody makes more sense than using the original prose in the translated version. Perhaps even without the footnote, ‘busybody’ and ‘affection’ in the next line still work.]

“No, I appreciate your affection.” Li Qiye looked at the elegant and beautiful woman before him and smiled. [2. Here, Li Qiye used the second half of that prose to imply that he doesn’t mind her ‘affection.’]

Qiurong Wanxue only smiled bitterly at his teasing, no longer becoming angry. She now understood that her caution towards Li Qiye was redundant because they didn’t have anything worthy of him plotting against.

With her most conservative estimate, Li Qiye should be an Ancient Saint. This was a power capable of instilling fear in all as opposed to the small Snow-shadow Tribe.

With his power, he could just directly seize whatever he wanted from the tribe. She then knew that he only followed them for one reason — the Prime Ominous Grave.

She then gently sighed; her initial caution towards Li Qiye was only self-imposed and unnecessary. Li Qiye had no malicious intents and moreover, their strength was insignificant even if they were wary of him.

The group of the Yin Moon Prince was the best example. The prince was the descendant of a second-rate sect, a powerful Royal Noble, but he became nothing in an instant in Li Qiye’s hands.

The group of six calmed down while still feeling a bit restless. Peng Zhuang stuttered to say: “This... Brother Li, no, Fellow Daoist Li...” To them, a Royal Noble was already very strong. One would definitely be an expert in the Snow-shadow Tribe, yet this was nothing before Li Qiye.

Before this, they were calling Li Qiye “brother.” Not to mention them, but even the elders and the chief of their tribe would respect a master of this magnitude.

There was only confusion left in their minds as the entire group was a chaotic mess.

“You can just act like before.” Li Qiye noticed Peng Zhuang’s stuttering and said.

“Well... Okay.” Peng Zhuang scratched his head and let out a silly smile. He thought that it was not a bad thing to befriend such an expert.

“Who on earth are you?” Qiurong Wanxue took a deep breath and asked Li Qiye.

The six also stared at Li Qiye. Before, they thought that he was only a vagrant cultivator with his home being the four directions. But now, this didn’t seem to be the case. How could a vagrant cultivator be so strong at such a young age?

“Me?” Li Qiye pointed at his nose and asked, then he answered with a smile: “I am a human cultivator from the southern Distant Cloud. The truth is that who I am is not important, the pertinent matter is that I have no ill will towards you guys.”

Qiurong Wanxue could only force a smile. Li Qiye was right, someone with his power definitely had a heaven-frightening origin. It was not important whether a small tribe like the Snow-shadow Tribe knew his identity or not. It could be said that the two sides were not on the same level; they were people from two different worlds.

She then solemnly said with her hands clasped together: “In that case, Young Noble Li, goodbye for now. We’ll cross paths again if it is meant to be.” She intended to escort him for a while, but now it seemed that it was completely unnecessary.

“No.” Li Qiye shook his head and said: “Qiurong, you follow me.”

These words out of nowhere left everyone speechless, including Qiurong Wanxue. The group of six were completely stunned with their mouths wide open. The moment they calmed down, they started peeking at each other. This development was a little bit too fast! Suddenly telling the chief to follow him... Could this be a... happy event? [3. Happy event here can also mean wedding/pregnancy.]

Qiurong staggered for a bit as her beautiful face blushed. After a while, she calmed down and replied in a serious manner: “Young Noble Li’s joke is a bit out of line.”

Li Qiye looked at their expressions and didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. They misunderstood his intentions.

“Ah... You misunderstood.” Li Qiye shook his head and said: “I didn’t mean it like that. It is fate that we have met, and you are trying to find the thing your tribe lost, correct? Right now, it is no longer important whether you find it or not. Follow me in Necropolis, and I shall give you a new creation. Your tribe will obtain great benefits from this.”

After leaving Nightsea, Li Qiye initially wanted to part ways with Qiurong Wanxue’s group. However, in order to protect him, she didn’t mind opposing the Yin Moon Prince — this act moved him. A member of the ghost race was willing to protect a human. He really liked her attitude so he suddenly had the urge to take her along.

“Of course, if you are willing to follow me forever, then I can think about it as well.” Li Qiye looked at her elegant figure and smiled.

The group of six winked at each other. Just before this, they wanted to bring the two together, and it seemed like this was becoming very promising.

In a temporary stupor, Qiurong Wanxue thought about many things. Outside of training the young ones and broadening their horizons, she did indeed come to Necropolis to find something that their tribe had lost.

They lost it a long time ago back in an undated era. Before Qiurong Wanxue, many chiefs had come to Necropolis to search to no avail since there were no clues at all. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

She didn’t have a lot of hope coming to Necropolis because, after all, miracles rarely occur. However, after catching so many fish with Li Qiye’s lead, the sliver of hope began to increase. She thought that a lot of fish could be traded for a lot of information at Necropolis, and this could result in clues.

Despite this blooming hope, she was still not very confident or assured. This was Necropolis; everyone knew that there were a lot of treasures here, including divine weapons, but very few ever managed to bring this level of treasure out from the city.

Even experts from emperor’s lineages had to return empty-handed, let alone Qiurong Wanxue.

But now, Li Qiye confidently declared that he would give her a creation, making her hesitate. She knew that he would not do something without a goal.

“Chief should go with Brother Li.” Peng Zhuang urged: “Maybe Brother Li can help you find our lost item.”

The other disciples also started to encourage her: “Yeah, Chief, with Brother Li’s protection, you will be able to go to more places inside Necropolis. Maybe our lost item is inside a particularly dangerous area.”

The six young ones wanted to match Li Qiye and Qiurong Wanxue together.

Qiurong Wanxue then stared at them and asked: “What about you guys?” She was very tempted since she needed such an opportunity. The current state of the Snow-shadow Tribe was quite undesirable.

For a while now, the Snow-shadow Tribe and the Black Cloud Tribe had been in constant conflict regarding control over territory. In recent years, even the Yin Moon Tribe had been eyeing them from the sidelines.

The Yin Moon Tribe was a second-rate sect that wanted to join the ranks of the first-rate orders, so they wanted to swallow up the surrounding territory. However, as fellow ghost tribes, they had no pretext to deploy troops.

The Yin Moon Prince wanted to marry Qiurong Wanxue, but she knew that outside of liking her, he also wanted the Snow-shadow Tribe’s territory. If this marriage came to fruition, then the Snow-shadow Tribe would surely fall into the grasp of the Yin Moon Tribe.

Thus, if Li Qiye could actually give a great creation to the Snow-shadow Tribe, then Qiurong Wanxue would be willing to go with him.

Peng Zhuang immediately said: “Chief, you can rest assured, we will just go around the towns and look around to gain more experience and see if there is anything we can buy.”

Qiurong Wanxue pondered for a bit and felt that this made sense. Although Necropolis had treasures, Peng Zhuang’s group of six were too weak and there were many places that they couldn’t go to. Walking around town was also an opportunity. Moreover, they had a lot of Yang Nightfish so maybe they would also meet a great fortune.

“Then you guys have to be careful. Make sure you don’t show off your wealth and let people know that you have Yang Nightfish.” Qiurong Wanxue warned: “Remember to send the help signal when in danger.”

“Chief, don’t worry and go with Brother Li, we will definitely not start any trouble.” The six of them spoke in unison.