Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4379: Golden Egg

The dao laws released from the supreme runes were mantras of the phoenix. Each contained a supreme grand dao.

Just learning one of them would allow a cultivator to be unbeatable in their generation. This was a martial treasury raining down from above.

It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that the rune was the source of the dimension and all the powers here. Perhaps it contained the secret of rebirth itself.

One would become lost while staring at the brilliant laws here. As long as one had enough talent, they would be able to learn all of these top techniques.

One could spend a lifetime without realizing a single grand dao, let alone the rune. However, Li Qiye was attempting to do so. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

He activated his heavenly gaze and pierced through the laws, observing their transformations. He saw the various aspects of a phoenix - their flying movements, flames, undying nature…

This would shock any other spectators but he maintained his focus on even the most complex of grand dao.

He comprehended their profundities in time. Eventually, he made it to the golden strings right beneath the rune.

The source of the strings was none other than an egg, relatively tiny compared to this dimension. However, it was still far larger than any other bird egg in the world.

It turned out that the laws were pouring down and intertwined with each other before reaching their final destination - the egg.

They would turn into drops of pure dao essences. The egg has been treating them as nutrition for countless years now.

“Buzz.” Each drop fell into what seemed to be an ocean; the egg could easily absorb them. Both time and space rippled subsequently.

Thus, the egg gave off the feeling of possessing immeasurable vitality and life force. Of course, this was indeed the case.

The pure dao essences were wondrous treasures. Normally, it would take millions of years for one drop to form naturally. Any knowledgeable soul would be in awe at the sight of a single one.

These drops came from the source of the dao itself and contained immense power. Nonetheless, this egg could instantly absorb the drop without requiring an absorption process. It looked as if it could handle something even greater.

Beneath the egg was a special-type ear of grain known as Conqueror Grain. This was rumored to be owned by immortals only. Alas, they were being used as bedding for the egg.

It drank the essences of the grand dao while resting on Conqueror Grain. Nothing else in the world had the same privilege.

Thus, Li Qiye only focused on the egg, not the essence drops and the grain.

Despise looking as if it was made from gold, the shell gave off the feeling of being thin and brittle. One could see imagine molten gold being poured on and gradually cooling outside, resulting in a thin layer. It seemed weak enough to break down after a single touch.

Given the favorable circumstances, it wouldn’t be surprising to see a phoenix coming out of the shell. Alas, for some reason, the feeble nature of the egg would make people think that the baby inside was flawed and deficient.

The egg gently trembled every once in a while; the creature inside seemed to be alive and well.

Li Qiye came over and placed his hand on top of the egg. It shook once more, whether it be out of fear or simply being on guard.

However, his touch was in tune with the rhythm of the egg right away. A silence took over the dimension and the breathing of the egg became audible. There seemed to be a tiny heart beating in there.

“Screech!” An image appeared in Li Qiye’s head at the same time - a phoenix leaving a blazing trail in its path, traveling to the dangerous unknowns, sweeping through the realms…

However, this invincible creature was ambushed one day and couldn’t handle the unceasing barrages. It tried to fight the invaders during the great calamity but ended dying as a result.

The golden egg was left behind afterward, protected by the hidden dimension. Its origin was no stranger to Li Qiye.

Unfortunately, it wasn’t a perfect phoenix egg, the same with the creature inside. It had defects at the start and needed years of gestation and nourishment.