Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 440: Divine Spark Prince

Qiurong Wanxue tilted her head while contemplating, then she suddenly exclaimed: “Jian Xuan... Could he be the descendant of the Nether Crossing Swamp? I heard that he is a really amazing genius. So it turns out that he is a monk!”

Li Qiye smiled in response: “Maybe.”

Perhaps the monk didn’t just run to the Soaring Remembrance Village to unravel the mystery of the village, it was to hide from someone as well.

Qiurong Wanxue recalled the monk’s words and asked while looking at Li Qiye: “Young Noble has a fiancee?”

Li Qiye looked at this mature and alluring woman in a carefree manner and replied: “Why? Are you jealous?”

Qiurong Wanxue glared at him with frustration and snappily retorted: “Don’t you feel that you are a bit too narcissistic? As if I would like you. Plus, your fiancee should be the one that’s jealous, not me!”

Despite being angry, her charming elegance did not lessen at all.

“You don’t have to worry about that.” Li Qiye smiled and continued: “There has not been a woman that I could not deal with. If I wanted to marry you, there would be no such thing as jealousy.”

Qiurong Wanxue glared at him and retorted: “Has no one ever told you about your ego?” Her mature charm juxtaposed her current coquettish and youthful attitude and made her even more alluring.

“People have mentioned it before.” Li Qiye slowly said: “But this is not being egotistic, it is called strength. I, Li Qiye, have never met anything that I couldn’t deal with.”

Qiurong Wanxue had nothing else to say and could only gently sigh. Li Qiye was correct about this.

***

“Midtown” wasn’t the real name of this particular location in Necropolis. However, because this city was located in the center, cultivators from the outside called it Midtown.

It was a very old and lively city. Midtown could be said to be one of the biggest cities inside Necropolis. There was an ocean of people in this city consisting of both people and ghosts. The distinction between the two was blurred and people would eventually get accustomed to living together with ghosts. Moreover, they were not real ghosts but sentiments, so they easily got along with outside cultivators.

The two of them entered Midtown and easily found out the location and time of the Coffin-tapping Imp auction. They discovered that it was taking place in the afternoon.

Qiurong Wanxue curiously asked after entering Midtown: “Auctions take place in this city? I have never heard about it before.”

Although there were visiting cultivators all year round, the majority of them didn’t want to stay for a long time at Necropolis. Even frequent visitors did not stay for long so one can forget about establishing a sect or an auction house.

The auction houses were just temporarily buildings. Despite visiting this place several times before, this was Qiurong Wanxue’s first time hearing about an auction.

“Occasionally.” Li Qiye said: “If it is an Imp auction, then it will be amazing. It will be a very high quality auction with great goods.”

“Imp?” Qiurong Wanxue curiously inquired: “Is it a Necropolis ghost?”

Li Qiye’s eyes narrowed as he answered: “This... I’m afraid no one knows. Whether Imp is a ghost or a regular being is a mystery. Some say that he is a ghost while others believe that he is just a normal existence.”

Qiurong Wanxue looked at Li Qiye. She felt that he knew more about this matter but didn’t want to reveal it, so she didn’t pry any further.

The Coffin-tapping Imp auction was taking place in an old courtyard in Midtown. However, rather than calling it a courtyard, it was more accurate to call it an abandoned yard. This was a big yet abandoned mansion. The house itself had collapsed a long time ago, leaving behind only a yard big enough to house one thousand visitors.

The two entered the premises around the time the auction began. A large crowd that nearly consisted entirely of cultivators from the outside gathered here.

The news about the auction had been spread in the last few days by an unknown source. There had never been an auction organization at Necropolis, so the news of the Coffin-tapping Imp auction attracted many curious cultivators.

Whether it was for the auction itself or just for the fun, many young cultivators came running here after hearing the news.

Everyone was able to participate in this auction as it was without any restrictions.

However, this auction did not truly resemble an authentic auction. There was no reception for participants, so everyone had to choose their own seat. Some sat on the ground while others hovered in the sky. Some even took out their treasure pavilions...

Li Qiye and Qiurong Wanxue noticed that several hundred people were already waiting in the yard, including Mo Lidao, the descendant of the Sky-devil Gate whom they met back at the Penta Realm Gate.

Mo Lidao’s tall stature stood out amongst the crowd like a crane amongst chickens. In fact, his height was not his only exceptional characteristic, his identity and strength were quite notable as well.

“Many are disciples from the great powers.” Seeing the young crowd, Qiurong Wanxue emotionally added: “A lot of people came to Necropolis recently...”

Li Qiye replied: “There will be even more later on.” If the world knew that the Prime Ominous Grave was about to open, countless great powers and emperor’s lineages in the Sacred Nether World would come running. Anyone would feel an irresistible temptation for the grave — there was no exception!

Qiurong Wanxue leered around a bit more and asked with surprise: “Why are there no inhabitants of Necropolis? Is this just limited to cultivators?”

This surprise auction only had visitors from the outside. Necropolis’ inhabitants and ghost cultivators from the sects in the city did not come.

Li Qiye stopped looking around and answered her question: “If you are a ghost from Necropolis and know about Imp, then you would not take part in this auction.”

Qiurong Wanxue heard the underlying tone in his words and asked: “Is Imp that scary?”

“Imp...” Li Qiye narrowed his eyes and continued: “That depends on how you define the word ‘scary.’ If you say that he is scary, then he is indeed very dreadful. However, if you say that he isn’t scary, then he isn’t scary at all.”

Qiurong Wanxue gave him a stern look and angrily retorted: “Just don’t tell me then, keep on beating around the bush.”

He smiled in response: “All in all, just don’t try to find out Imp’s identity. Attempting to learn his identity is not a good thing for anyone, no matter who they may be.”

Li Qiye’s warning caused her heart to beat faster. Li Qiye, who was always carefree about everything, was now being serious. She naturally understood that this matter was not ordinary.

“Hahaha! It seems that I am not late.” Suddenly, a sepulchral voice appeared along with an amalgamation of smoke. Afterward, a person appeared.

“Ye Sha!” Many young cultivators were alarmed when they saw this person and immediately retreated.

Ye Sha enjoyed the fear from others and said with a devious smile: “Don’t be so alarmed, I am not a man-eating monster.” Despite saying this, his appearance was that of someone basking in the limelight.

“Ye Sha, don’t gloat around here.” An arrogant voice appeared: “The southern Distant Cloud doesn’t only have you as a hero.” A young man led a group of disciples to this place. The flame burning on his body gave him a sacred aura as if he was the child of gods.

“Divine Spark Prince.” Many young cultivators went to greet this person who just arrived.

He was the prince of the Divine Spark Country, the little brother of the Divine Spark Phoenix Maiden. He brought along the Divine Spark disciples with an overbearing momentum that loomed over everyone else.

Ye Sha looked at the prince and coldly smiled: “So it is the Divine Spark Prince, excuse me.” Ye Sha then added in an awe-inspiring manner: “However, you are also showing off here.”

“So? If you think that you can act arrogantly, then do so in front of my sister!” These words were very domineering. Many cultivators on the sideline just watched and didn’t dare to interfere.

These blustering words caused Ye Sha’s expression to change. He was very arrogant, but even an assassin like him was extremely wary of the Divine Spark Phoenix Maiden.

Not only was the maiden an extremely powerful heaven’s proud daughter, it was also because of her fiance, Di Zuo!

Anyone in the Sacred Nether World would be very careful when talking about Di Zuo, one of the three heroes. He was the descendant of the Myriad Bones Throne, a terrifying sect that had three emperors!

No matter how formidable one’s talent was, they would not dare to oppose Di Zuo in the Sacred Nether World. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Ye Sha could only restrain his anger. He was confident that his cultivation was not inferior to that of the Divine Spark Prince and was certain that he could assassinate him. But now, the prince had the upper hand in this vocal exchange.

“Divine Spark Prince, only one’s own strength carries true significance.” Ye Sha coldly proclaimed. He called out that the prince was only using his big sister’s prestige to bully others.