Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4494: Playful Scolding

The worker then said: “Sir, you must have a special bond with our dragon. Even Skybreak Monarch couldn’t buy it back then.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The grotto found it difficult to sell the dragon. First, its value was high, necessitating the same level of price. Most importantly, it didn’t have a special bond to the potential customers. To put it bluntly, it simply didn’t want to leave with them.

Members of the behemoths could have afforded the price. Alas, it refused all the big shots.

“Sir, would you like to buy it? It has an extremely rare bloodline - that of a true dragon. When it fully matures, it can turn into a true dragon. It’s also extremely smart with keen awareness, capable of recognizing fortunes and disasters. This is not taking into account its power. Regular people would love to have it but only the chosen one can…”

“The flood-dragon is great but it is not suitable for me.” Li Qiye gently interrupted.

“You’ll be a tiger with wings, Sir.” The worker didn’t give up.

Jian Ming interjected, trying to look cool: “Just a flood-dragon can’t get into our young noble’s sight. It is only a little caterpillar in his eyes, not worth mentioning before becoming a true dragon.”

“Then may I ask what type of treasure can interest the young noble?” The worker enthusiastically tried to get a sale.

Jian Ming arched his chest and arrogantly said: “Very few exist in the world. What people call treasures are mere scrap metals in his eyes.”

“I’m sure we have some of those very few treasures here.” The worker was confident in their long-lasting success.

“Your grotto does indeed have something that interests our young noble.” Jian Ming laughed.

“May I know what it is?” The worker hurriedly said.

“I heard that you’re trying to auction a little girl. He is interested in her.” Jian Ming said.

“Well…” The worker looked around and found this strange: “We haven’t announced that item yet, Sirs. How did you find out?”

Jian Ming smiled and acted cool: “You’re underestimating our young noble. Who is he? Only the greatest in history, all-knowing and all-understanding, completely omnipotent. Nothing can hide from him.”

Though Jian Ming was being ridiculous, the worker was impressed with their information gathering.

“Do you not want to sell?” The daoist asked.

“We do, it’s just a secret auction, not a public one. It’s about to start soon too.” The worker checked the time.

“Our young noble is participating.” Jian Ming demanded.

The worker hesitated before answering: “May I ask if you have received an invitation? This private auction has high requirements.”

He wasn’t looking down on the group, only that it was a rule of the auction house.

Jian Ming became unhappy and said: “Are you looking down on our young noble? I’m afraid your auction house won’t be able to handle his wrath. It’s just that a big shot like him doesn’t care about putting up a show. Otherwise, your Seal Ancestor would need to kneel and greet him.”

“Sir, I’m afraid you are out of line right now.” The worker smiled wryly.

Their auction house was a serious business and never cared about appearances. However, Jian Ming’s words were insulting, to say the least.

“Enough!” Wise Ancestor slapped the youth’s head.

Li Qiye only smiled and didn’t stop him.

“Hmph, don’t believe me then. Just know that our young noble has set his sight on it.” Jian Ming uttered coldly while rubbing his head.

“Very well, I will bring everyone over but actual participation will depend on your qualification.” The worker accepted.

Seal Ancestor was their strongest ancestor right now. In a different sect, they would have been furious at Jian Ming’s comment. However, a business needed to cater to its customers and was more flexible.

As the worker rowed the boat onward, Li Qiye stared at Jian Ming and the daoist: “You two could have taken care of that brat, why the need to be so cowardly?”

“Three Thousand Dao is a behemoth, I do not dare to be the tallest tree.” The daoist smiled awkwardly.

“Is that so? You didn’t sing the same tune when you stole from them.” Li Qiye smirked.

“No, no.” The daoist shook his head and said: “I’ve always been a good person and wouldn’t do something like stealing.”

He lied without blinking, completely forgetting how he bragged to Li Qiye before about being able to “grasp” any item.

“How shameless can you be?” Jian Ming slapped the guy’s head: “You stole from Three Thousand Dao and tried to get the young noble to deal with it for you, are you tired of living? The young noble will wring your dog head off and use it as a chamber pot. He knows what you’re doing.”

“Of course, of course.” The daoist couldn’t fight back this time since he was in the wrong.

“As if you didn’t do the same thing.” Wise Ancestor slapped Jian Ming’s head again.

“Ancestor… I was just annoyed at that stupid brat thinking he’s all that.” Jian Ming protested: “Worst of all, he dared to do so before our peerless young noble. Three Thousand Dao isn’t special at all, the young noble can annihilate them on a whim. I was just telling everyone the truth but they didn’t believe me and thought that I was causing trouble. Plus, you’re here too, Great Ancestor. You could have killed that Lotus Young Noble or whatever with a single saber intent, no need to even unsheathe your saber. He was truly courting death, what an idiot.” Jian Ming also praised his ancestor.

“You really enjoy riding someone else’s coattails.” Li Qiye commented.

“Hehe, I hope to have the privilege of doing so with you, Young Noble.” Jian Ming didn’t find this shameful and said: “In this case, it was their fault for being so blind despite repeated warnings.”

He knew that he could run his mouth because of his backer’s actual identity.

Li Qiye chuckled and didn’t mind this while Wise Ancestor shook his head in shame.