Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4499: Arrogance

Not all members here were renowned for their personal accomplishments. However, some represented a behemoth while being here.

They were aware of True Immortal’s power. It had reigned for an absurd length during the history of Eight Desolaces. Its dominance couldn’t be overstated during its golden age.

In comparison, it no longer had the same brilliance as before. Alas, it has been biding its time and building its forces, resulting in a sect feared by all.

Their current successor was one of the five conquerors and a top candidate for becoming the next dao lord.

Because of this, big shots from the last generation still gave him some face. Just the possibility of him becoming a dao lord changed everything.

Thus, if he were to desire a particular treasure or pill, they would actually acquiesce and hope that he would remember the favor.

Unfortunately, Alchemy Child’s demand left a sour taste in their mouth. Moreover, the youth didn’t have enough clout either.

If the young emperor was here himself, they would do him a favor in order to build a relationship.

As for Alchemy Child, it didn’t matter how favored he was. He lacked the prestige and clout to talk to these ancestors. Moreover, the veiled threat wasn’t well-received.

“The highest bidder wins the auction.” One of the big shots responded.

Alchemy Child wasn’t a fool and recognized this ancestor. He bowed and said: “Heavenjudge Ancestor, the young emperor has once praised you as a matchless hero after recalling your past feats.”

“Mmm, the young emperor is a dragon among men.” The ancestor felt good after being praised by the youth in front of his peers. It showed that he was noticed by a potential dao lord so he stopped caring about the threat prior.

The youth knew that he was mistaken. It was just that he has grown used to being imperious after being favored by the young emperor. Now, he saw the unfriendly expression of the ancestor and decided to change his tone.

He bowed then told everyone: “The young emperor truly needs the item this time so please, Esteemed Ancestors, be benevolent. He will remember this favor after proving his dao.”

Once he decided to be polite, he knew exactly what to say since he was from a prestigious sect. This naturally pleased the majority of the crowd and they forgot about the transgression just now. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Some decided that as long as they didn’t need the same treasure, they would just let him have the item.

“Young sir, may I ask what medicine your lord is looking for? Just so that we know and avoid any misunderstanding. The young emperor’s plan naturally has the highest priority.” Jian Ming’s eyes rolled suspiciously before he decided to ask.

The daoist glanced at him, thinking that this brat was up to no good again despite his friendly comment.

As for Alchemy Child, he rarely had to lower his imperious tone. He had to bow earlier and despised doing so. After all, he was going to be an important alchemist working beneath a dao lord in the future. Numerous big shots would kneel and beg for medicine then.

Therefore, Jian Ming’s perceived attempt at flattering him came at the perfect time.

He stared at the group and didn’t care for any of them, not Li Qiye or the two ancestors. After all, he regularly saw powerful ancestors back at his sect. Wise and Turtle-seeker weren’t special in the slightest.

Thus, his arrogance returned again as he spoke: “My young lord wants the Shaking Immortal Grass.” Having said that, he cupped his fist at the crowd and said: “Please take it easy on us then.”

“Whoa, that immortal grass is priceless!” Jian Ming pretended to be shocked.

“It has only appeared a handful of times in the history of Eight Desolaces.” The youth spoke with the tone of a superior.

“I see, only the young emperor deserves something like this then.” Jian Ming said and then touched the daoist’s shoulder: “Hey, this grass pertains to the young emperor’s dao path. You should do a telling to see if he will get it or not.”

“That’s hard to say…” The daoist decided to play along this time and shook his head: “This might be a secret auction but the invited guests certainly know about the special treasure…”

He cleared his throat and continued: “Grotto Courtyard didn’t invite randoms, so more than just one ancestor will want the grass. The more they want it, the higher the bid. Look in the room, the gentlemen here are all heroes who have no lack of money. If they want something, they’ll certainly go all out. That’s why there is no need to do a reading.”

He implied that some of the guests came specifically for this so-called immortal grass and they were rich enough to compete against the young emperor.

This prompted Alchemy Child to look around the room, wanting to know which ancestors have the same target.

Of course, no one spoke up. First, they hid their identity and thought that it would be no problem to outbid the young emperor. After all, he wasn’t here in person and wouldn’t be able to figure it out.