Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4505: Casual 10,000 Bid

The big shots didn’t know what to say about this requirement.

“Does it have to be void coins? Dao lord jades won’t do? How about other treasures or weapons?” Someone asked.

The auctioneer shook his head and said: “I’m afraid to say that the owner only wants void coins, nothing else.”

“Where are we going to find void coins in such a short time?” One participant grumbled.

“Not sure if it’s even possible.” A peer shook his head: “The circulation is low, just one coin is a treasure.”

“What is this currency?” One junior didn't know despite being from a great power.

“It is said that these coins are from Void Zone, they might not be used as money there though.” Her senior responded.

Another big shot added: “The coins might not be a currency but it has other uses. Once someone has enough, they can redeem it for an opportunity, perhaps gaining entry to Void Zone itself.”

The youths became emotional. Void Zone, a place even the dao lords wanted to visit. The chance to enter was a great fortune indeed.

Top big shots have speculated that this opportunity was far better than cultivating dao lord merit laws.

After all, the disciples of top lineages had access to these merit laws. This wasn’t the case for Void Zone.

“I know this matter.” Jian Ming murmured: “These coins began circulating the world after the ancient clans brought them out.”

“Your four clans played a part in this as well.” The daoist said: “Your ancestors spent the coins and helped the circulation.”

“The coins are great. They can be redeemed for certain things, far better than anything found in the regular world.” Jian Ming’s eyes lit up.

Jian Ming was special because of a certain fortunate experience. He knew many things but unfortunately, he couldn’t gather enough coins.

“Ahem.” The auctioneer continued: “Well, our grotto does have quite a few void zones. The price is negotiable but you better hurry or we’ll run out fast.”

“What a shark.” One junior quietly commented.

Was this an auction or an attempt to sell void coins for a high price?

“Now, let’s get back to business. The starting bid is 3,000 void coins with 100 minimum increment.” The auctioneer shouted.

The number alone seemed humble compared to the dao lord sword art earlier. Alas, this was a matter of quality.

In history, Eight Desolaces had plenty of dao lords. Therefore, all of the lineages had a scary number of dao lord refined jades. The same couldn’t be said about the void coins.

“3,100.” Cloudgrasp Elder started.

“3,200.” A big shot from an ancient clan bid.

“3,300.” The elder immediately said.

“3,400.” Someone from a dao lord clan joined the competition.

“3,500.” Cloudgrasp didn’t relent.

“3,600.” The big shot from the ancient clan hesitated a bit before bidding.

“3,700.” Cloudgrasp maintained the course.

“3,800…”

This went on for a while because the top lineages have gathered quite a few void coins. This was especially true for Three Thousand Dao, True Immortal, or the ancient clans.

Moreover, if they needed more coins, they could purchase some from the grotto as well. It’s just that the exchange rate would not be favorable in the slightest.

Nonetheless, this jade was highly coveted because of its origin and rarity.

“4,400.” Eventually, only Cloudgrasp and the big shot from the ancient clan were still at it.

They were rather conservative, only going up 100 at a time due to the limited amount of void coins in their sect.

If they were to overbid and not be able to come up with the sum, they would be throwing away their personal reputation along with their sect’s.

It seemed that Cloudgrasp was interested in this jade because he has been bidding relentlessly. This might have been his goal in the first place.

He came representing Skybreak Monarch, so perhaps the monarch wanted the jade. A few big shots thought about it and understood why.

Remember, their progenitor was the dao protector of Eight Stallion Dao Lord. Due to this relationship, the sect might know the mysteries behind the jade.

“5,800.” Cloudgrasp seemed to finally have the highest bid.

This was indeed a tough sum since most didn’t have access to so many void zones.

“Should we bid?” Jian Ming felt like causing trouble for the elder, glancing back and forth between the jade and the old man.

“Since when do we have so many void coins?” Wise Ancestor glared at him: “In the past, maybe this is possible but we don’t have them now.”

This was indeed the truth. Their four clans back then certainly were one of the richest power in terms of void coins. Alas, the descendants have spent them all. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Hah, the young noble is here.” Jian Ming smiled and said: “Plus, this void jade and our four clans might be related somehow, right, Young Noble?”

“Not that useful but we can bid.” Li Qiye smiled.

Cloudgrasp glared at Li Qiye after hearing this and said: “This is an auction, not a playground. Don’t mess around if you don’t have the void coins.”

“10,000. I bid 10,000 void coins.” Li Qiye raised one finger and joined the fray.

“10,000!?” This meteoric bid naturally astounded everyone.