Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4515: Money Isn’t An Issue

“20,000,000.” Alchemy Child made a ridiculous bid and glanced over at Li Qiye.

The crowd hesitated since many were knocked out of contention. Even a few dao lord lineages couldn’t handle this price, only the behemoths such as True Immortal and Three Thousand Dao.

The fact that a servant dared to bid so high was a testament to True Immortal’s immense resource. This meant that the young emperor had given him an even higher limit. He still looked rather calm so this was far from the ceiling.

Others wisely backed off since it would only be a waste of time to continue. Of course, members of ancient clans and dao lord lineages could still handle this bid.

“Forget it.” Sky-judge Ancestor hesitated from making another bid. There were other top medicines with similar effects, there was no need to go all out here.

Cloudgrasp and the person from Eastern Desolace exchanged glances. This was only the fourth auction.

If they were to buy the grass at a sky-high price, they would no longer be competitive later on. In fact, it was strategical to waste others’ buying power if it wasn’t for the implicit agreement of gentlemanly bids.

These two had a good reason to continue due to Shen Juntian and Five-sun King, members of the five conquerors. This immortal grass might actually make a difference.

Therefore, this auction was essentially reduced to a contest between the three conquerors.

The representative of True Immortal Young Emperor, Alchemy Child, didn’t seem to worry about

his opponents. It seemed that he was confident in his given financial authority to defeat the two.

On the other hand, he worried about Li Qiye since this guy was a madman who could bite anyone with a ridiculous bid. Worst of all, he even had unlimited credit from the auction house itself - something that suffocated all the other participants.

“What are you looking at?” Jian Ming noticed his gaze and glared at him: “Never seen someone so cool before? It’s true, our young noble sits at the top. No one else can compare to him so you never saw anyone on the same level before.”

Alchemy Child turned red as a result. Due to his status as a member of the young emperor’s camp, not to mention a junior, even ancestors from the great power needed to show him respect.

“Arrogant hound!” Alchemy Child shouted: “Our True Immortal is who sits at the top! Our young emperor is the ultimate genius while you’re nothing more than an insect…”

“Yeah, yeah, True Immortal, so scary.” Jian Ming pretended to be afraid before changing his expression: “Hmph, our young noble can turn it into dust if he wants, no need to be haughty.”

“You!” Alchemy Child’s expression became unsightly. He took a deep breath and managed to speak: “Words are cheap but everyone can see the truth, we from True Immortal are afraid of no one.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Is that so? I clearly saw you being afraid earlier.” Jian Ming retorted: “Always stealing glances at our young noble while bidding. At least you’re aware that if our young noble decides to bid, it would be the end of the grass for your sect.”

“Our sect has never backed down from a contest before. Our resources are endless with oceans of refined jades, never running out for an eternity. A nobody like you can’t compete with us…”

“Alright, you’ve convinced me, you’re not afraid of our young noble joining the auction at all.” Jian Ming smirked, clearly implicating something.

“Damn right, bring it, we’re no cowards!” Alchemy Child’s blood rushed to his head and stopped him from thinking. He realized his mistake but words were like water. Once poured, there was no taking it back.

“You got me interested.” Li Qiye finally joined the conversation: “Let’s see how high your authority is, I bid 30,000,000.”

This bid naturally left everyone slack-jawed, especially Cloudgrasp Elder and the big shot from the ancient clan.

“30,000,000…” This put everyone out of contention.

“You!” Alchemy Child was left speechless.