Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4787: Apex Of The Fist

As he raised his hand, he didn’t activate the dao or a technique. This was only a natural hand motion prompting the crowd to be confused.

They couldn’t see anything special about his pose. Tian Tu trained in the fist dao and spent his whole life perfecting it.

They expected this attack to be accompanied by apocalyptic signs. Alas, this was no different from a mortal getting ready to strike. 

This seemed like a weak punch incapable of killing a calf, not anywhere close to being able to contend against cultivators. In fact, it required zero training to perform this movement.

However, in the next second, it already struck Li Qiye’s chest. The ancestors and those below couldn’t react while stronger cultivators felt as if they were struck by the punch.

Its speed exceeded time itself by a hundredfold, the fastest possible punch. Ancient ancestors and monarchs had no chance of dodging or blocking. They knew that although it appeared harmless, it would instantly pierce through their chest and end them before they could scream.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

If they had activated their heavenly gaze at the start, they might have been able to catch a glimpse of the punch’s remnant trajectory.

In reality, Li Qiye actually reacted in time. When it was only an inch away, he flashed into disappearance.

When others moved quickly, it would be a speed of ten million miles or so in the blink of an eye. As for Li Qiye, he crossed countless dimensions and traveled through time with that single movement. This resulted in a mirage consisting of innumerable remnant images of him.

Alas, the punch still followed him, creating the same mirage for Tian Tu. Evasive maneuvers and speed weren’t enough to overcome its deadly accuracy so Li Qiye’s chest was hit.

“Incredible, it’s faster than the river of time.” Dao Sanqian, Specter, and Six-dao became emotional since they couldn’t replicate that punch.

Six-dao gasped in response. He had seen wondrous cultivators before but still became sweaty after seeing this. He tried to come up with a way to block the punch but its speed made this impossible.

Meanwhile, regular cultivators were still caught off guard by the countless mirages from both sides and became dizzy. They didn’t know who was the real Li Qiye or where Tian Tu was either.

Finally, the last image of this series ended with Li Qiye being far up in space, turning into its lord. Unfortunately, this was also when the fist made contact.

“Boom!” The impact sound finally became audible.

The seemingly-normal punch released an endless amount of power and made the crowd scream. The resulting shockwaves sent spectators flying and vomiting blood. Weaker cultivators couldn’t handle the blast and were reduced to blood. The stars nearby exploded in unison as well.