Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4788: Chest Pierced

The explosions spread to the entire galaxy as stars popped like fireworks. Trails of flames and meteors rained down in a magnificent yet frightening fashion.

“Damn!” Cultivators had to dodge the falling debris and fiery trails.

“Rumble!” They smashed into the ground and left deep pits. Some holes were large enough to have lava gushing out. Dust took over the air.

The shockwaves of the punch alone did this much damage, let alone Li Qiye who felt the full brunt. If Tian Tu’s target was the ground, he might have started the demise of Eight Desolaces.

Spectators’ knees buckled uncontrollably. Everything happened too quickly and most didn’t get a good look. Nonetheless, the aftermath painted a full picture for them.

The reason why the punch appeared so normal at the start was due to Tian Tu’s immaculate mastery. All of the power was contained within his fist; not a single strand oozed out. He only allowed the eruption after the successful hit.

Therefore, though it only appeared to be fast in the beginning, it also possessed incredible destruction. It contained several extremes - extreme speed, extreme power, and extreme control.

People wondered how the hell did Tian Tu train to have a punch like this.

“No divine monarchs or ancient ancestors could have survived.” A pale ancestor whispered.

“I think it can end a dao lord too…” An ancient ancestor added.

“Obsessed with the fist and unbeatable with the fist, so he’s the first disciple of Blessed Dao Lord.” A peerless cultivator said with admiration.

Tian Tu didn’t let his master down. It became apparent that no one could contest with him in this dao. Perhaps Li Qiye was the only exception.

“Senior Brother’s punch is unstoppable.” Specter Monarch said sentimentally.

Six-dao Monarch and Cosmic Lord were overwhelmed. They knew about Tian Tu but never saw him fight before.

Some considered Six-dao Monarch to be only beneath dao lords due to his domination for eras. Alas, he realized that he couldn’t win against Tian Tu after seeing that punch.

“Truth.” Dao Sanqian murmured. He stood at the apex not only due to his talent but also because of his unique interpretation of the grand dao. This allowed him to create three thousand new ones. In a sense, he and Tian Tu were two polar opposites - many versus one. 

How could someone be so obsessed with a single dao to reach this level?

It opened the eyes of many spectators regarding the possibility of the dao.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Truth, not bad.” Li Qiye was perfectly fine and wiped the dust off his robe.

“It still can’t take you down.” Tian Tu calmly said.

“We’re only warming up, it’s too early to say.” Li Qiye smiled.

His attitude surprised the crowd. Prior to this, he treated top beings with disdain as if he was above them. However, he spoke politely to Tian Tu - this was definitely special treatment.

“Sir, I will go all out now.” Flashes of excitement remained in Tian Tu’s eyes.

“Come, that punch earlier did hit a limit. Time and space cannot exist in its path but this isn’t the true limit of the fist yet.” Li Qiye said.

Truth had the ability to kill anyone regardless of time and space. The longest distance still only felt like an inch to Tian Tu. 

It meant that his target could be on the other side of Eight Desolaces but once fixated, he could still kill them with one punch, hence Li Qiye’s high evaluation.

“You’re right, Sir. May I see the limit of the fist, your heaven seal?” Tian Tu asked.

“That depends on if your fist dao is worthy enough for me to use it.” Li Qiye said.

“Very well.” Tian Tu’s battle spirit surged.

Many was reminded of someone else - Tian Feng. However, Tian Tu had full composure and reason, unlike Tian Feng’s crazy battle style.

He then placed his fist in front of his chest and chanted: “Variation, My Dao.” 

Everyone watched attentively as he prepared for the next attack. However, they still couldn’t see anything before the exchange was finished.

“Boom!” His fist pierced through Li Qiye’s chest. His arm remained stuck in Li Qiye’s chest and blood didn’t gush out.

No one saw any movement from Tian Tu, only the result. This included the supreme existences from the forbidden zones.

“Too fast?” One of them said.

This couldn’t be right because if it was a matter of speed, they should still be able to see something.