Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4807: Yin Kun Peng

“What an ominous sign…” An important figure murmured.

“It’s injured. What an attack, piercing through countless dimensions…” The lord of a burial ground saw this.

Only the mightiest characters knew what Dao Sanqian had woken up. They themselves didn’t want to mess with this creature yet the goddess manage to wound it after a single move.

“The awakening is incomplete.” Another supreme being from a forbidden ground communicated with the others.

This was a monstrous existence that has yet to be wounded by a heavenly tribulation. It was in its prime state, albeit sealed. If it were to arrive in Eight Desolaces, even they themselves would be in trouble.

“A stratagem planned for eras.” A spectator said. The goddess has reached a level far beyond Dao Sanqian.

“Boom!” Suddenly, a thick black liquid gushed out of the cracks above.

It was as if heaven was leaking water. Everything touched by this liquid immediately corroded, resulting in an abyss. This included all the sects and cultivators directly beneath.

The liquid in the abyss then gathered together and turned into a gigantic monster, leaving behind an empty crater.

“Whoosh!” As it flapped what could be considered wings, it started terrible tornados and strong winds in all directions of the yin affinity.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The gales immediately flayed unfortunate spectators, leaving only skeletons in their path.

The creature then flew nine thousand miles with one flap and stood before the goddess.

“What is this monster?” Spectators trembled in horror.

This was a dead creature with no life force, black from top to bottom. Corrosion seemed to be its main affinity, a monster born from death.

It resembled a decaying kun peng. Black bones with spurs made up the tattered wings. It didn’t have eyes, only white pulses in the sockets.

The wings poured down gray flames and made it look like the harbinger of death.

“What are you?” Seven Martial Goddess gazed at the colossal monster.

“I am known as the Yin Kun Peng.” The creature’s voice was chilling. Listeners felt each word piercing their very bones.

“The shadow of Bonesea.” She understood its origin.

“Kakaka…” The creature laughed sinisterly: “Little girl, so you do know. I am made from the shadow of the master, the embodiment of death and spirits…”

“Just a puppet.” She interrupted.

“Puppet, sure, but a puppet with the master’s eternal power. Little girl, your vitality and the power of those sea gods, how delicious.”

“I shall slay you today.” The goddess’ eyes flashed brightly as she declared.

“Kakaka, daring to harbor these sea gods’ powers as your own instead of returning them to the master, I shall slay you and your races in the master’s stead.” The kun peng retorted.

“Activate!” She summoned a mighty ocean with torrential waves. It engulfed both her and the kun peng.

“Realm of the Gods!” She roared and the ocean turned into a shiny barrier. This protected Eight Desolaces from their ferocious battle.

“Just you and the sea gods want to imprison the master? What a foolish dream.” The kun peng wasn’t afraid at all.

“We’ll see about that.” She pointed the trident straight at him.

“Kakaka, little girl, you already know that this is the master’s ultimate weapon. How will you use it?” The kun peng laughed.

Ancient ancestors were astounded to learn about this. That mighty weapon belonged to the monstrous creature looming above? How was it related to the sea gods?

“And?” The goddess remained calm.

“Kakaka, I shall take it back and slay your race with it then.” The kun peng smiled. Everyone felt as if death had just licked their face.

“Come, Trident!” It roared and raised its hand to summon the weapon.

However, the trident didn’t move an inch away from the goddess.

The kun peng found this astonishing. Black flames engulfed its hand and turned into an eternal seal.

“Boom!” This seal activated its divinity and all living beings felt their true soul being sucked away.

“Fuck!” Spectators couldn’t withstand this pressure.

“Trident, come!” The kun peng used the seal to summon the weapon again. Alas, the result was the same.

“How can this be?” The kun peng found this unbelievable.

This trident was a gift bestowed by its supreme overlord. With this blessing, that being went on to become the first sea god.

Unfortunately, there was a price for everything. The invincible sea god still returned to the source. That was the nice way of putting it. The truth was that this sea god was devoured by the supreme overlord.

This was the fate of all the sea gods. Therefore, the Shadow Conference was initiated in order to fight against their master.

For example, Prime, Deep Blue, and Martial Sea God were all members of the conference.