Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4808: Overlord’s Arrival

“The trident belongs to this world now, not your master.” The goddess said.

“Kakaka, impressive method. I see, help from a capable cultivator but it doesn’t matter. The master will come and end everything.” The kun peng smiled.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Die!” She didn’t wish to waste time and called on the members of the conference again.

The supreme sea gods immediately empowered her again. She became resplendent with halos and energy wings on her back; all brimming with life force and everlastingness.

She channeled this energy into the trident itself. “Clank!” Just the metallic hymn had a devastating effect capable of slaying her foes.

She immediately shot out a beam from the tip of the trident toward the kun peng. Not to mention regular cultivators, even those from the forbidden zones would have to run away.

With the help of the sea gods and her own prowess, she had enough power to attack the forbidden zones and burial grounds.

“Primordial.” The kun peng retaliated with a single word, nothing more. Of course, this was sufficient on its own.

The black flames around the kun peng intensified and wielded the death affinity. It could carve into the soul and deplete lifespan.

“Boom!” After they expanded to the limit, they suddenly shrank and came together to form a fiery sphere. It was as if this was its form during time primordial.

Heaven and earth and all else were part of the same entity during this chaotic expanse. The kun peng was also part of it - a race far older than others.

“A primordial dao.” An eternal existence deep in space commented: “This is the innate gift of these creatures.”

Meanwhile, regular cultivators didn’t quite understand, the same for the ancient ancestors. Nonetheless, they knew that this was a peerless art.

This gift was unique to the kun peng alone. This creature was once a divine beast, virtually unstoppable across the realms. Alas, it was eventually swallowed by an even stronger supreme overlord.

However, as a divine beast, it was still indestructible. Though its physical form was dead, its soul remained.

This soul was then tainted by the overlord and a new creature rose out of the darkness - the yin kun peng.

“Boom!” The goddess tried to break the sphere with her blessed trident.

The oceanic barrier absorbed the brunt of the attack. Nonetheless, Eight Desolaces still shook violently. The nearby mountains crumbled from the remnant shockwaves.

“No one in our world can stop them.” Ancient ancestors and divine monarchs concluded.

Dao Sanqian and Six-dao Monarch couldn’t have stopped that attack.

“Li Qiye can.” Their friend brought this up. However, he was still sitting still and healing right now.

Most importantly, they worried about the creature looming above. Just its creation, the yin kun peng, was dreadful enough. The master should be on an unimaginable level.

The two blood suns seemed to be looking down on the world as if it was a delicious meal.

Everyone became nervous because if this creature were to descend, it would be the end of their world.

“Please don’t come.” They quietly prayed against this outcome. Alas, prayers and wishes often had the opposite effect.

“Boom!” The seal on the sky broke down and everything turned dark.

This didn’t only happen to the Primordial Union but all of Eight Desolaces.

“It’s coming, the banishment has ended.” A supreme lord inside a burial ground observed the scene.

“Is the sky falling down?” Mortals and cultivators alike were scared out of their wits.

“We need to run, now!” A few ancient lineages immediately teleported their sect to secret locations.

“Clank! Clank! Clank!” A special bell could be heard. This came from an ancient lineage staying within a hidden realm as a warning to the world.

“A calamity is happening.” Ancestors became frightened.

Their first reaction was to run and hide in the safest place they could think of. They started evacuating their juniors and sect members.

“Boom!” Worldbreaker’s fist dao was activated. The giant fist itself was ready to take down any incoming attack.

Sword Burial Ground’s divine swords floated up in the air. They released the most ferocious aura and didn’t spare any intruder.

Evil Flame Ridge was engulfed in a dark flame of the highest intensity. Anyone who got close would be reduced to ashes.

***

Ancient places like the seven forbidden zones have initiated their strongest defense against a potential invasion.

“Raa!” A muffled roar echoed across the realm. All living beings who heard it immediately dropped to the ground, completely intimidated. This included mighty cultivators.

“Pop!” The darkness was chased away by rays. Unfortunately, instead of sunlight, they had a bloody tint.

The rays came from a pair of gigantic eyes that could be mistaken for two suns.

People directly beneath looked up and only saw something resembling a continent.

“Wha-what is this thing…” Being unable to see its full outline scared them.

Only powerful existences and overlords with special methods could see the entirety of the creature.

It resembled an alligator and a kun. Its mouth was large enough to suck an ocean dry; each tooth was the size of the highest mountain.

Its eyes contained an independent system of yin yang, reincarnation cycle, and grand dao. It could be the embodiment of heaven and earth. All other creatures were mere parasites living on its body.

Favorite