Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4810: Calamity

The overlords naturally knew Dao Sanqian’s goal - wanting to use the alligator lord to eliminate Li Qiye and start an entirely new epoch.

They also had the same idea, wanting to watch and wait for the right moment. Perhaps the summoned lord and Li Qiye would both die in a fight. With that, they would have double the rewards - the flesh and blood of two ultimate beings.

That might be enough for them to heal their injuries or start a new epoch. Alas, they didn’t expect this alligator lord to go on a rampage, eating countless living beings and great powers.

Of course, they didn’t give a damn about Eight Desolaces. This lord was free to devour everything but it seemed so unrestrained.

The forbidden zones could become the next targets. This wasn’t to say that they were afraid of the alligator lord alone. The issue was that during the chaos, others might take advantage of it and join in. The involvement of another forbidden zone or burial ground would make it rather difficult, hence the tense atmosphere.

As for those from Eight Desolaces, they were screaming and running. Some progenitors and divine monarchs regretted not helping Three Thousand Dao.

Cultivators merely watched in silence or even gloated at that lineage’s suffering. All of this could have been avoided if they had stopped Dao Sanqian. Now, it was their time to pay. 

“Rumble!” Eight Desolaces quaked violently, on the verge of collapsing. Its inhabitants trembled in fear regardless of their cultivation.

As the beast continued onward, Sky Border suddenly turned dark due to an incoming claw. This was the strongest region of Eight Desolaces, brimming with life and vitality.

Therefore, the alligator lord viewed it as a delicious feast akin to a hungry wolf seeing a piece of meat.

“Run!” Even ancient ancestors wanted to run, no longer possessing courage and audacity.

However, this beast could eat all of Sky Border so hiding was meaningless.

“Is anyone going to save us?” Mortals and cultivators wanted to see a sliver of hope.

“Clank!” A majestic sword dao came from an eastern clan. 

It originated from a bronze sword hailing from an ancient period. It floated in the air and seemed more significant than heaven and earth due to a series of archaic runes with embedded truths.

“Puresun!” Someone shouted the name of the blade as it initiated a brilliant slash.

This was an ace card left behind by Puresun Dao Lord - one capable of bringing peace back to the world.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Boom!” An immortal ray shot out of the ocean and formed a wondrous figure.

“Blessed Dao Lord!” Spectators shouted in astonishment. This figure seemed peerless and resembled an immortal.

These two forces worked together to stop the incoming claw from the alligator lord. The two dao lords left them behind to prepare for an apocalyptic scenario such as this.

“Boom!” Frightening and destructive shockwaves ravaged the continent. Mountains collapsed and lava gushed out of the cracked earth.

The claw was finally stopped with this combination.

“We’re okay?” Powerful spectators became elated after seeing this.

“Boom!” Unfortunately, a second explosion came shortly after. Both attacks from the dao lords shattered once the alligator lord became serious.

“Rumble!” It maintained its course to devour Sky Border.

“It’s over…” Big shots and top masters felt despair, not wanting to become food.

“Buzz.” Once the claw touched the shore, time suddenly came to a stop. All movements became infinitely slow.

The overlords themselves were affected by this temporal stagnation. They could see every little change in slow time.

“Boom!” An immortal beam coming from a fingertip illuminated Eight Desolaces. Its power managed to repel the claw.

“Raa!” The alligator lord bellowed.

The successful defense shocked everyone including other overlords. A strike capable of harming that massive beast? The attacker was most likely on the overlord level as well.

Who? This became the question on the overlords’ mind. They knew that one of them must take action. Otherwise, only death awaited the inhabitants of Eight Desolaces.

They followed the direction of the beam and saw a floating figure as time started flowing again.