Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4811: Triune Immortal

It turned out to be a woman whose appearance couldn’t be sufficiently described with mere words.

Her profound eyes made the stars hide in shame. Her figure was immaculate; even the pickiest person wouldn’t be able to find a point of criticism.

Her oval face was perfectly sculpted - a work of art from the high heaven demanding gasps of admiration.

She wore a simple white dress but this didn’t deter her beauty. After all, it didn’t need any additional decoration. The simplicity alone was the most suitable for someone of her stature.

Other “goddesses” and “saintesses”, the prettiest in the world, kingdom-toppling beauties… they couldn’t compare to her. All seemed to be lacking a little bit of something, perhaps an elegance culminated from withstanding the test of time.

She was a fair of the ages and had the blessings and powers of the eras. This seemed rather innate, not cultivated later - the reason why other women had a hard time possessing the same aura.

Unsurprisingly enough, everyone thought of her as an immortal. Although an unprecedented cultivator in Li Qiye had appeared before, he didn’t give off the impression of an immortal. 

He certainly had the power of one but not the grace and appearance. The same couldn’t be said about this woman. She didn’t seem to be a part of the five elements, the yin and yang, and the reincarnation cycle.

“This is what I imagine an immortal to look like.” Someone said with admiration. Some wondered how this world could ever give birth and raise such a woman.

“Our ancestors have met her before.” A patriarch from an ancient lineage said with astonishment.

The descendants of the lineage have listened to a story about how their ancestors came across her by sheer fortune. They earned her grace and were given a territory to prosper for eras.

Thus, there existed an ancient and mysterious painting in their lineage. Their ancestors drew her from memories - that and the woman were identical. However, the painting didn’t possess the same transcending aura.

After everyone calmed down from the initial shock at her appearance, they realized something else - she had just pushed the alligator lord back with a single finger strike.

“An immortal among us.” They thought or at least she fits all the criteria.

“You?” Triune Alligator Lord stared at her. The blood rays from his eyes engulfed her. [1]

The rays were immensely destructive but her immortal aura prevented any damage. As long as this aura was around, nothing could reach her.

“Triune Immortal chose to stay here?” Another supreme overlord in Highest Wild stared at her and became serious: “Another unpunished cultivator, Triune Epoch must have been something else.”

“Two of the three are still alive, how miraculous.” A different supreme overlord deep in space recognized the woman.

“You’re still alive.” The gigantic beast didn’t speak but his divine intent could be heard by all. They also somehow understood him without any language barrier.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Na’e, your end is here.” She responded. Her voice was peerless and comforting. This was the first time listeners have heard such a pleasant voice.

No one else knew the alligator lord’s true name. In fact, even those from his epoch had no idea. They only referred to him as Triune Alligator Lord and had no idea of his time as Na’e, a little alligator.

“Don’t be so sure.” He laughed in a terrifying manner: “We were born together and I have ended Treant, you’re next. After I devour you, the fortune of our epoch shall be mine, I will revert to being the stone.”

Regular cultivators were confused, only the old overlords knew about the legends of this epoch.

It had three lords - Triune Alligator, Triune Treant, and Triune Immortal. They originated from a single stone that has fallen down to their world.

They ruled together at the start until the epoch reached its highest prosperity. The brutal alligator then started devouring everything else and even killed Triune Treant.

Triune Immortal retaliate in full force and their battle crushed the already-broken epoch. She couldn’t kill the alligator lord and banished his soul from his indestructible body.

As for the immortal, her power came from the will to protect her epoch. The failure and the destruction of her world shattered her power and she disappeared.

Today, the two enemies have returned after numerous epochs and in a different world - Eight Desolaces.

“I’ll make sure you won’t live past this epoch.” She said murderously, still managing to intimidate listeners despite her voice’s ethereal nature.

Her murderous intent emerged and listeners suddenly felt as if their lives were up to her whim.

“This world is full of vitality, its grand dao source is formidable and majestic. I just need to devour it and I’ll be back to my peak.” The alligator lord laughed: “And as for you? You no longer have the power of protection, what are you going to slay me with?”

“Buzz.” The immortal summoned a radiant wheel.

This initiated a light sphere beneath the alligator lord. Time started to flow from one epoch to another, billions and billions of years ago.

They returned to a prosperous epoch and the alligator lord couldn’t dodge it in time.

“Triune Epoch Wheel!” He shouted in astonishment.