Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4829: Triune Alligator Lord’s Death

“Ahh!” The alligator lord fell backward after being pierced by his own trident, smashing a large continent in the process.

Spectators were astounded. Why did the yin kun peng attack its own master?Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Everyone could see that when the overlord devoured the kun peng in the past, he had refined its true fate into the yin kun peng. It became a part of his body, also serving as a puppet when necessary.

No one expected that it would help Li Qiye by delivering the fatal blow. Moreover, after the lord fell down, it didn’t stop and continued to use its innate gift to gather the power of the world into its hands.

“Bam!” This crucified the great beast down to the ground, immobilizing it.

“How dare you?!” He was still alive and roared.

After a bright flash, his true fate left his gigantic frame and soared into the air. Unfortunately for him, explosions detonated and his own grand dao also escaped. These dao rays turned into majestic figures.

“The sea gods!” Seven Martial Goddess exclaimed.

Yes, they were once invincible sea gods that could match the emperors. Instead of ascending to the tenth world like their peers, they returned to the origin. Since their dao started from Triune Alligator Lord, they returned to him. To be blunt, they were eaten by him.

Bloody laws appeared on the trident, eventually turning into runic chains. The chains wrapped around the sea gods, returning their intelligence and memories to them.

“Boom!” These sea gods immediately knew what to do. They leaped upward and grabbed the lord’s true soul, dragging it back to the body.

Triune Alligator Lord was able to live for so long thanks to the nourishment of these sea gods. They became a part of his true fate but now, the trident had special runes capable of waking them up once more.

“Nooo!” The lord bellowed, realizing the dire situation.

“Vengeance is mine!” The yin kun peng roared and its true fate also wrapped around the lord’s soul.

The dozen sea gods and the great divine beast managed to stop the alligator lord from escaping his body.

“Break!” Since death was so close, he became desperate and detonated his true fate, hoping to break free regardless of the resulting injuries.

It was too late. The runic chains from the trident wrapped the massive lord and destroyed his true blood.

“Rumble!” His body exploded, whether it be an inch of flesh or a drop of blood. The continental frame was swiftly reduced to a bloody mist.

“Ahh!” His true fate and soul couldn’t escape either. The yin kun peng and the other sea gods also detonated their true fate in order to make sure that he was dead. The lord’s true fate crumbled into pieces and disappeared from the world.

Not to mention regular cultivators, even overlords were astounded after witnessing this. Killing a supreme overlord was extremely difficult. He just needed one strand of his soul to stay alive, not the entire true fate.

Alas, not even a drop of blood was left after all the sea gods and the yin kun peng exploded. In a sense, he had just killed himself since they were parts of him.

The remnants of his essence immediately nourished the land. One area with a high concentration immediately became a paradise. Trees grew at a rapid rate and worms turned into earth dragons. Carps gained a golden glow while regular humans obtained an incredible body…

His dao power and essence could nourish a realm for eras to come.

“What a shame…” His allies found this wasteful. If only they had time to devour him…

“Your turn now.” Li Qiye smiled and stared at the trio: “From death comes countless lives. You will serve to nourish this world and its incoming golden age.”

The remaining trio had an ugly expression since the situation has deteriorated beyond repair. This certainly didn’t go the way they envisioned.

The hidden overlords also felt fear because they have been put in a passive situation. Li Qiye had all the momentum right now.

Though there was no official announcement, they had declared war on Li Qiye since he was the current epoch lord. Alas, they knew that the odds were against them. Greed was the motive leading to this unwanted result.

“It’s time to end this.” Li Qiye smiled and raised his hand, changing Corporeal Zone into a sword.

“Bam!” However, he didn’t even make a move yet and Silly Da already fell to the ground as if it was struck. It lay there helplessly, seemingly giving up.

This astounded spectators. It was still an epoch lord that had ruled for ages. It had enough power to fight anyone as well.

Now, it chose to surrender right away? There couldn’t be a more spineless overlord since they were prideful.

The remaining three exchanged glances and gritted their teeth. First, running was not an option because their hiding places have been exposed. Li Qiye could easily pursue them now.

Favorite