Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4840: Intimate Occasion

The sun fell to the west as dusk approached. The birds returned to their nest and the duo stopped swinging their legs.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

As the final rays bathed the tree, Li Qiye sighed and stood up: “I should go.”

“May you be triumphant in your next return, Brother Li. We’ll be waiting.” She stood up as well.

“Yes.” He smilingly nodded and raised one finger.

“Buzz.” Primordial dao gathered at the tip as he touched her forehead.

The image of the great Primordial Tree appeared behind her. It pulsed with boundless strength. Its seal imprinted itself into her mind for eternity to come.

“The future might not be peaceful.” His eyes narrowed as he stared into the distance.

With that, he became ethereal and joined Eight Desolaces - an omnipresent state. He searched around and could reach the myriad realms.

In the next second, he grabbed an immortal shield brimming with mighty laws.

***

“Fuck, my shield?!” A mighty being in a certain peerless dynasty bellowed in astonishment and stared at the sky.

***

Li Qiye gave her the shield and said: “This will help you in times of turmoil.”

“Thank you, Brother Li. We’ll be here.” She accepted the shield and bowed again.

He nodded and stared inside the hut for a long while. There seemed to be something here worthy of his attention.

A long while later, he turned and started walking away. She stood by the cliff and watched his departure until he disappeared from sight.

With that, her energy dispersed and she became an old woman again. She returned to her task of lighting up the stove.

Night has fallen and other creatures have gone to rest. Peace and tranquility returned.

A hut and an old woman - this has been the case for eras and would go on until the next return.

***

The Primordial Tree - the home to all the mysteries in Eight Desolaces. Unfortunately, even the greatest geniuses had a hard time coming here.

Each branch extended to the border of space itself and had its own domain and ecosystem. This made it impossible to envision the tree in its entirety. Peerless cultivators could only see one small corner with their heavenly gaze.

Right now, Li Qiye sat on the tip of a branch and let chaos energy course around him.

“Young Noble.” Chi Xiaodie came over and sat down next to him, leaning her head on his shoulder.

“Are you wanting to leave?” She stared at him with her luminous eyes.

“I should.” He caressed her hair and said: “I still have unfinished business.”

“You are done here in Eight Desolaces.” She hugged him with both hands.

“Right.” He nodded: “But this is only the beginning, life has a way of catching us off guard.”

“It will be fine given your planning, Young Noble. It is all within your grasp.” She said.

“Can’t be sure about everything. Up there, people are waiting and spying. Some of them are insanely patient.” He smiled.

“And you are more patient than anyone.” She had absolute trust in him.

“Some are actually better than me in this regard but their reason is to live longer.” He said and gazed at the sky.

“And you’ll catch all of them in due time.” She said softly.

“Almost, just need to pull the net back.” He looked at her and said: “However, a few fish will be able to escape or something unexpected might happen.”

He paused for a moment and said: “But you know, you are eligible to go up now.”

Her face was a work of art while being illuminated by the glow of the tree. One couldn’t look away.

“The heaven is too vast and the dao is endless.” She said: “My dao is not one-tenth of yours, I’ll only be a source of worry. Since there are things you cherish in the mortal world, I will stay here and protect these memories for you.”

“Young Noble, keep on moving forward, leave this place to me.” She said with determination.

“Very well.” He nodded and agreed with her decision: “The path, albeit far, still has an end.”

“And you shall reach it.” She embraced him tightly and listened to his heartbeat, appreciating every second they got together.

Life went on during the cycles of the dao. It had given birth to countless and witnessed just as many deaths. She knew that these moments were rare and should be treasured.

“We’ll be far away later on.” He hugged her back.

“As long as you’re still alive, all is fine. You are the spark that keeps me going.” She whispered.

He smiled and let out a sigh, lamenting his inevitable journey away from home. Nonetheless, this was just another trial to strengthen his dao heart.

“Hope will keep us going.” Li Qiye said.

“That’s why I am more than willing to stay here and guard.” She responded.

“As long as the heart is beautiful, so will the world. The opposite will birth darkness and destruction.” He said sentimentally.

“I understand.” She was at the apex right now, no longer the little girl who didn’t understand the dao.

She had seen supreme geniuses become top cultivators. Alas, they fell into darkness and ruined themselves after losing all attachments to the world.

When the heart turned cold after enough time has passed, wanting to devour the world for personal gains seemed inevitable.

Time passed by slowly during their moment together.

“Young Noble, when will you start your expedition?” She eventually broke the silence, seemingly talking in her sleep.

“Still not time yet, I have more sweeping to do.” He smiled and looked down at her.

“I will walk by your side for the expedition. Let me be the vanguard, I will not regret dying in battle.” She said.

“Silly girl, just stay here.” He chuckled.