Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4843: Conceal Conqueror

Quite a number of big shots have arrived outside of the battlefield. Other conquerors were actually here, albeit hiding in stealth.

After all, this battle would affect the direction of the three lower continents. None would miss it for anything.

The unruly characters and villains were also present with greed in their eyes. 

Some of them were building pagodas and towers which attracted attention. These men were from Wild Dynasty, serving as the vanguard.

“What are you doing?” A thief came over and asked.

“Our dynasty can’t miss this event, this is a great opportunity.” One member laughed in response.

“Haha, we’re going to be rich after getting an imperial corpse.” A different one added.

Listeners nearby took a deep breath. This was rather audacious - offending dao lords and conquerors.

Alas, Wild Dynasty has become rather strong in Chaos. Though they were a branch of Hundred Races, they weren’t friends with any other branches.

“Watch out, this is an imperial-level fight.” A different villain said.

“Haha, so what? One of them will die and we’ll just be grabbing the corpse instead of letting it go to waste.” A member of Wild’s vanguard laughed.

Suddenly, a chilling murderous aura descended upon them.

“Who dares?!” The members immediately unsheathed their weapon.

“Splash!” A bright light flashed and severed heads rolled in the air before falling to the ground in a pile of blood. They didn’t even have a chance to fight back.

Spectators looked up and heard a sword chime. A sharp intent filled the entire battlefield and pricked them in the chest.

This was due to the arrival of a woman whose appearance was hidden behind a veil. Her figure was immaculate and alluring.

Alas, no one harbored any unsavory thoughts due to her murderous intent. It seemed to be natural and innate yet overwhelming.

Weaker cultivators and juniors got on their knees, unable to withstand her aura. In fact, this applied to some ancestors as well.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Conceal Conqueror.” Her title was known by all.

The battlefield became silent instantly with her arrival. Those kneeling didn’t dare to utter a single word, not even the powerful sovereigns and treacherous villains. Her notoriety reigned the three lower continents.

She made her name through fighting, having slain countless top cultivators and going as far as destroying sects.

At sixteen years of age, she entered the remote region of Demon and flattened Poison Dragon Sect after killing six dragon monarchs.

During her dao journey, the geniuses from Immortal Altar were incredible. Unfortunately, none of them could stop her. She put an end to them and sixteen top ancestors there. 

However, it was hard to top how she ambushed and killed Heavenpeak Conqueror while only having one dao fruit.

This feat astounded the three continents due to the disparity in power. Because of this, her notoriety was second to none.

It wasn’t competitive until Eight-stallion Dao Lord. Nonetheless, he nearly died to her several times before gaining the immortal shield. That was when it became even between the two of them.

The villains learned a quick lesson about offending a conqueror. They immediately abandoned any plan since that would be suicidal.

“Creak.” The sound of a carriage grinding the sky could be heard. The wheels also destroyed the murderous intent of the conqueror.

The pulsing carriage slowly arrived on the scene. It was pulled by a mountainous wolf with golden fur, looking magnificent. The carriage was just as large, being made from imperial metal. The surface had embedded dao runes and circling celestials.

On deck was a special rug with yin-yang light. It was made from the leather of a heavenly ape. A man lazily lay there with two beauties keeping him company.

One was elegant and graceful while the other as sexy as can be. Either of them could drive spectators crazy.

They were famous in the lower continents. One was a demon monarch; the other a powerful sovereign. Nonetheless, they were feeding him fruits - truly an enviable scene.

“Eight-stallion Dao Lord.” Everyone knew who he was since his reputation preceded him.

He was known as a romantic soul who didn’t hold back on the pleasurable things in life. Ever since he ascended, he had plenty of female friends including demon monarchs, saintesses, and princesses.

Favorite