Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4851: Nether Messenger

“Kill them!” Firerage didn’t want to waste time with these demons. The longer the journey, the more unfavorable for them.

“Clank!” A unit from the guards rushed toward the demons.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Finish them!” The demons had no choice but to fight.

“Raa!” A tiger demon roared and caused the ground to shake. Its claws were as sharp as blades, swinging upward from the ground.

Another serpent demon swept its long, thick tail forward. In the sky came an eagle descending down, wanting to swoop up a soldier.

The guards were battle-hardened and fought as a team. “Boom!” This amplified their attacks, sending shockwaves toward the demons.

“Ahhh!” The first wave of demons was swiftly repelled. The eagle fell from the sky while the tiger got sent flying…

“Clank!” Firerage unsheathed his saber and released its flames. His saber intent engulfed a thousand miles.

“Ahh!” After a bright flash, heads started rolling on the ground. Blood streamed everywhere.

Though Firerage was not a top cultivator, he had no problem killing these demons. It didn’t take long before he took down the leaders and the horde ran for their lives.

The guards rushed forward and overwhelmed the runners, killing thousands in the process. However, they only pursued a short distance before returning to the coffin.

The stench of blood permeated the air. In reality, there were many experts and villains watching from a distance, waiting for the right opportunity. They didn’t see the right time to act just now.

“Go.” Firerage ordered.

Alas, the convoy only took a few steps before stopping. Firerage raised his saber horizontally and looked rather solemn.

A specter started dashing through the forest, making it look haunted. It instilled a creepy fear into spectators. The villains and experts themselves had a bad feeling about this.

“Clank!” Firerage activated his saber intent again, suppressing many of the weaker spectators in the process due to his considerable might.

The specter finally landed in front of the convoy, prompting the guards to raise their weapons again.

“Stop.” Firerage said sternly.

“Brother Firerage, you are too tense right now.” The specter took on a more physical form - a figure covered by a black robe and a veiled hat. Only a pair of chilling eyes were seen.

Everyone felt a nefarious intent coming from this figure, thinking that it was a creature from hell with a soul-piercing stare.

“Nether Messenger of Ancestral Flow, is the Untethered Dao getting involved as well?” Many recognized the figure right away.

“Why are you here?” Firerage coldly uttered.

“Your lack of civility is hurtful.” The messenger’s hushed voice seemed to be coming from underground: “I am here to offer my respect to His Majesty and to see him heading for the next journey. Untethered Lineage appreciates his magnificent deeds for the people.”

Nether Messenger came from Ancestral Flow Gate, a member of the Untethered Dao. This sect was extremely ancient and was rumored to be created by an Immortal Emperor. It was famous for a long period.

The same couldn’t be said in the present but it still maintained an acceptable level of influence.

Nether Messenger was a supreme genius but in the end, he chose to interpret its merit laws differently. This turned him into an abomination yet he considered his path as the proper method to reach the source.

“Don’t flatter yourself, you don’t speak for Untethered Lineage.” Firerage didn’t hold back.

“How rude. Fine, I am not representing Untethered Lineage, would it still be okay if I pay my respect to His Majesty?” Nether Messenger smiled and said.

Firerage couldn’t refuse the guy. Some might harbor ill intentions today but they had to let people show their respect.

“Fine.” Firerage said while still holding his saber.

Nether Messenger walked toward the coffin while speaking: “You Majesty, your life can only be described with words such as invincible and wise. Everyone will sorely miss your divine appearance and voice…”

He came closer and closer.

“Clank!” The guards raised their spear and didn’t let him come any closer.

“Stop there.” Firerage glared intensely at him, ready to cut him down if he got one step closer.

“I only wanted to see His Majesty one last time, that’s all.” Nether Messenger shuddered from the aggression, trying his best to put on a smile.

“We appreciate the sentiment, please leave now.” Firerage demanded.

Nether Messenger glanced at the guards and then Firerage. He understood that he wasn’t strong enough to defeat all of them.

“Very well, I’ll be taking my leave then.” He bowed at the coffin one more time before leaving.

Firerage heaved a sigh of relief. Of course, he wasn’t afraid of Nether Messenger alone. The problem was that this guy was from White Stone Continent. It meant that every interested party had enough time to get here. If the generals of Wild Dynasty were to come, he wouldn’t be able to stop them.

“Many are waiting to deliver the fatal blow once you’re down.” Li Qiye smiled and said.

Firerage glanced at Li Qiye without responding. He already knew this but why did this average cultivator know as well?

“Go.” Firerage ordered before telling Li Qiye: “Your Highness, stay next to me no matter what happens. That’s the only way I can keep you safe.”

Li Qiye smiled in response.