Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4852: Mad Pyromancer

The convoy traveled fast this time around while keeping a low profile. Nonetheless, eyes were still watching from the shadow.

Firerage could do nothing because evading all of them was impossible. Therefore, he focused on speed instead, hoping to bring the coffin back to the dynasty in time - the only way to keep it safe.

Some forest fires could be seen along the way, seemingly natural at first. Plus, this was Chaos. Sect destruction happened often, not to mention the current political climate.

As they moved on, the fires seemed to be following them on both sides for a hundred miles. The two trails were right on their tail.

“Not good.” Firerage’s expression soured as he thought of someone.

“Mad Pyromancer!” We need to hurry!” He ordered.

The guards heard this title and became alarmed as well. They increased their speed to the maximum.

“Pyromancer?” Li Qiye was curious.

Firerage gave him the side eye. Was this guy from Chaos? How did he not hear the name Pyromancer before?

“Your Highness, Mad Pyromancer is one of the Ten Monsters of Chaos, a fire maniac. His appearance means mass fire and death. I believe the trails of flame right now are his doing.” Firerage patiently explained: “Please stay close to me.”

Pyromancer was a heinous villain who hailed from Maddened Dao. His ranking was only eighth but in terms of the number of victims, he might be first or second. 

He massacred both mortals and cultivators without qualms. Keep in mind that even the majority of evil cultivators in Chaos didn’t target mortals, only cultivators and their sects.

This wasn’t the case for Mad Pyromancer. He found joy in burning things so whenever he got the urge, he would start burning even mortal children.

Therefore, he was despised by everyone. This included the villains of Chaos.

Alas, he was too powerful and had two dao fruits. Moreover, he had joined Wild Dynasty. Regular cultivators couldn’t beat him. Stronger ones didn’t want to mess with the dynasty.

Sizzling and burning noises surrounded the group. The forest on this mountain was on fire so they became trapped.

Animals within a thousand miles suffered a terrible fate. Screams from humans could be heard as well. Mortals and cultivators couldn’t escape in time. Some had no idea what was going on before dying.

“Mad Pyromancer!” Neutral spectators and hiding experts knew who it was right away. They leaped out of the ocean of flames in order to avoid being dragged into this mess.

“Go!” Firerage roared and unleashed his saber intent with one slash, opening up the flames. The entire convoy soared into the air, wanting to escape the inferno.

“Cluck!” A strange noise akin to a frightened hen clucking repeatedly. 

A hundred miles away, a figure appeared. It teleported from one place to another at an extreme speed with an unpredictable pattern.

Once it got close enough, everyone could see that it was a thin and small old man wearing a golden daoist robe and had his hair tied up high. He held a torch that released flames everywhere he went.

As the convoy was trying to break out, the old man’s flames surrounded them once more with his erratic movement.

“Mad Pyromancer, do you wish to oppose us?!” Firerage shouted.

“Hehe, I just want to roast some meat, don’t you want to know what a roasted dao lord smells and tastes like?” Pyromancer continued burning the vicinity.

Firerage and his men became livid. Alas, this old man was a dragon lord, strong enough to torch them all.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Poof!” Once enough flames have been lit, they gathered together into a vortex that flies straight for the convoy.

“Land!” Firerage slashed downward and opened a new path, hoping to find a way to break free.

“Hehehe, don’t be so hasty, there is still a long way to go. Let’s take our time playing.” Pyromancer’s sinister laughter echoed.

It became abundantly clear that he didn’t wish to kill them right away and preferred this cat-and-mouse game.

The moment they got out of the first inferno, they heard loud squeaking from all directions.

It looked like a black liquid was gushing out from the hills and mountains. However, it turned out that this was just an incalculable number of rats. They left nothing on their path, whether it be trees or animals. All were devoured and the convoy was their next target.

“To formation, press onward!” Firerage commanded.

“Go!” The soldiers activated a formation and became one with each other, resembling a steel chariot. The horde of rats couldn’t stop their path.

“Your Highness, always stay close.” Firerage rushed forward while reminding Li Qiye.

“Kekeke, Eight-stallion Dynasty, you will pay with blood for killing my descendants.” A voice came from underground.