Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4853: Rat God

“Rat God, show yourself!” Firerage slashed at the horde of rats again.

His saber intent caused serious cracks in the ground, nearly splitting the earth apart. It killed millions of rats instantly and caused volcanic explosions beneath.

This was enough to force out a rat demon covered in armor. It had a human head and a rat body with a long tail. Its eyes were red, looking rather berserk.

It exuded an evil aura - the accumulation of foulness after millions of years. Any living entities nearby immediately withered.

The two eyes were burning like the suns, capable of inflicting actual injuries. The armors were an innate part of its body, not adorned later. The scales were tough enough to handle a slash from Firerage.

“Rat God!” Those trailing the convoy shuddered after seeing this creature.

Though it wasn’t part of the Ten Monsters of Chaos, it was only slightly weaker. Its natural armor was impregnable, not to mention its mastery in underground traveling via digging. It could command a horde of rats and devour a kingdom in one night. It enjoyed eating cultivators, not leaving a single bone behind.

Therefore, even the villains feared this creature. They were murderers but not cannibals. Most ran whenever the rat was known to be around, not wanting to become victims.

“Firerage, your master is dead, your time is over.” Rat God threatened.

“I have enough time to kill you.” Firerage raised his saber, causing it to become fiery and radiant.

“Void Slash!” He leaped up and slashed forward. A long trail of fire followed his swing with enough power to split space open.

“Activate!” Rat God spewed out miasma. When it touched the ground, it left behind a poisonous quagmire.

Inside the miasma were refined skulls. They flew at the slash in order to stop it but were destroyed.

“Bam!” Firerage almost struck his target but the rat drilled underground and disappeared.

“Bam!” In the next second, it drilled upward and appeared in front of Li Qiye.

“Young one, your flesh looks delicious!” It reached for Li Qiye and opened its jaws.

“Die!” Firerage unleashed waves of saber energy of increasing power, wanting to decapitate the rat.

It pulled its head down and the saber struck its scales instead. Sparks went flying but the saber failed to break through. Nonetheless, the rat god was still sent flying.

Firerage leaped forward and became one with the saber, delivering a vertical slash. Countless sharp gales shot downward in order to obliterate the monster.

“Who’s afraid of you?!” The rat summoned a short celestial staff and retaliated.

As a member of Demon, it had access to some bizarre merit laws. Nonetheless, Firerage had learned top saber arts from Eight-stallion Dao Lord. The latter was precise and dangerous, capable of seizing the upper hand.

“Rumble!” Meanwhile, the horde of rats was still launching themselves against the convoy.

However, the formation of the battle-hardened soldiers remained unbreakable. They killed numerous rats and still pressed forward. Rat corpses piled up like mountains along the way.

“Buzz.” Space suddenly opened and a mighty creature appeared above the battlefield - a king from the devil race.

It had numerous wings made of light on its back. Unfortunately, they were covered in rotten feathers. He exuded an impressive aura with a halo above his head - truly a regal image.

“Fallen King!” Firerage who was fighting the rat didn’t like this development.

“Second variation!” The guards swapped from offense to defense, creating a barrier made of energy shielders.

“Does Deity want to expand its influence to Chaos?” One villain said while watching the battle.

Fallen King came from a minor clan of the same title - a branch of Deity Lineage. One shouldn’t be misled by the “minor” character in its classification.

It was a true behemoth in the previous epoch. Alas, it went down in a great battle and now, its descendants were finally gathering again.

“Eight-stallion Dao Lord might be dead but he had offended Deity before and killed its members.” Fallen King said: “We will bring his corpse back to Deity in order to appease the lost souls.”

Others in the shadow took a deep breath since they knew how powerful Deity was. Was he actually representing Deity? They doubted this but there was no time to investigate this issue.

“Never!” The guards finished their formation and still had high morale.

Not a single member wanted to run, preferring to die while protecting their master’s corpse.

“Have it your way then.” Fallen King immediately attacked, shooting down energy feathers as if they were swords.

“Keep it up!” The captains shouted and expanded the defensive formation.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m