Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4854: Eight-stallion Force Formation

“Boom!” The barrier shot out a tsunami to contest the rain of swords, successfully reducing them to dust.

“Take him down!” A captain of the guards shouted murderously, pointing his spear straight at the target.

“Eight-stallion Force Formation!” They released the might of this grand formation. The spears gathered power into a single point before erupting.

“Clank!” This had enough force to deter sovereigns and dragon lords.

The formation was similar to its creator - domineering and forceful. The guards have used it successfully to take down powerful enemies in the past.

“Such impudence!” Fallen King became livid. In his eyes, these guards were masterless dogs, unqualified to provoke a great cultivator such as himself.

He pulled back his energy wings and created a citadel of swords to stop the incoming formation.

“Bam!” The thrust slammed into the defense and caused him to stagger several steps backward.

“All of you court death.” He was a devil from The Race who thought highly of his prestigious bloodline. Thus, he looked down on the inhabitants of Chaos, that they were nothing more than lowly ruffians.

Now, their leader was dead so they were worth less than nothing. His pride was hurt by this effective opposition.

“Perish!” The light of the wings gathered into the form of a heavenly sword with an intense pulsation.

“Boom!” He swung down and displayed his supremacy.

“Force Formation!” The guards were undeterred and continued to fuel their formation. The spear thrust forward again, this time with countless spear shadows in an attempt to stop the slash.

The heavenly sword, albeit strong, couldn’t break the countless waves of spears.

“These imperial guards are rather strong, that’s why they survived all those battles.” A villain in the shadow praised.

In fact, some of the hidden spectators have personally experienced the power of this legion before.

In the past, some thought that they only relied on the dao lord’s might to be so fierce. Now, their ferocity still remained after his death.

During the raging conflict, a specter appeared next to the dao lord’s coffin and manifested into a physical form.

“Nether Messenger!” A guard shouted after seeing this.

Some villains have thought about the same thing. Alas, the coffin was protected by the guards and their formation. Nether Messenger somehow made it through.

In reality, he never left with the previous departure. He relied on his unique movement technique to bypass the defensive formation.

However, he tried to raise the coffin and couldn’t move it an inch. It was unreasonably heavy.

He reacted fast and gathered all of his strength in order to lift it up. Keep in mind that given his power, he could lift a mountain or flip an ocean over.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“How dare you!?” The guards nearby roared.

They stopped attacking Fallen King and sent their spears toward Nether Messenger instead.

“Audacious dogs!” Nether Messenger was furious after what should have been an easy win and unleashed sharp gales against the soldiers.

They were fearless, ready to throw their lives away to protect the coffin from the thieves’ dirty hands.

Fallen King took advantage of this and added more strength to his sword dao, intensifying the rain of swords.

Half of the guards immediately focused on the formation, raising their shields to stop the swords.

“Rumble!” Although their teamwork was flawless, they were facing two renowned enemies.

Some spots broke down and they could hear the last cries of their fellow brothers.

“Enough!” Firerage swung his saber with all of his might, forcing Rat God back. He abandoned this battle and targeted Fallen King first.

“Eat this!” He appeared in front of Fallen King and released a fiery slash with embedded saber intent, looking ready to slay a god.

“Bring it!” Fallen King became immersed in this battle, wanting to prove himself after failing to massacre the imperial guard. Sword intent rose from his heart as he directed a sword thrust at Firerage’s chest.

At the same time, Rat God drilled out of the ground again and appeared next to Li Qiye.

“Haha, brat, looks like you’re somehow special. I’ll eat you first, what is the dynasty going to do about it?” It opened its mouth, revealing two sharp, glinting front teeth. They looked like two snow-white sabers on the verge of cutting Li Qiye down.

“Your Highness!” Firerage panicked but he was too far away, unable to protect Li Qiye in time.

He regretted his decision of attacking Fallen King after seeing the death of his men. He forgot all about Li Qiye and gave Rat God an opening.

As he tried to run back, he was struck by Fallen God’s thrust. Blood gushed out but he didn’t give a damn and still leaped toward Li Qiye despite knowing that it was too late.

“Crack!” Everyone suddenly heard a cracking noise.

Blood certainly spilled but it came from Rat God’s mouth instead.

They couldn’t believe the result - Li Qiye breaking the rat’s front teeth. No one saw how he did it either.

Rat God immediately retreated, looking utterly shocked.

“Clank!” Firerage made it back and stood in front of Li Qiye with his saber drawn.