Chapter 5016: Three Truth Dao Lord’s Legend

“Sovereign, watch your words. This is Demon, not your Lunar Lineage. I am showing you respect since you are a guest. Please do the same.” Bloodfly God’s tone turned cold.

Listeners felt as if there was a needle pricking their heart to drain the blood - something similar to a deadly mosquito.

Though he hasn’t activated his aura, just his voice alone made them think of death. This was more frightening than the suppressive aura stemming from Pagoda Guardian or Skystomper God, imprinting itself into their mind.

Everyone knew that he was losing his patience and rightfully so. Although Thousand-faced Sovereign was close to being unbeatable in the lower continents, there was a chance he wouldn’t be able to leave Demon alive today.

“So you refuse to speak.” The sovereign was the master of a conqueror and feared no one.

“Indeed.” Bloodfly God’s gaze intensified, causing the crowd to tremble in horror: “If you are dissatisfied, come, I am ready to entertain you.”

Weaker cultivators and demons became afraid, not wanting to be involved in this mess. As for the dragon lords, they wondered about the situation.

First, Thousand-faced Sovereign couldn’t be described as arrogant. In fact, his personality and manner were top-notch, hence his becoming the teacher of a conqueror.

“Commanding God, is there a reason why you won’t speak?” A pleasant voice attuned with nature resounded.

The dao harmonized with the speaker. Dao and runes appeared to be dancing in the air and became much simpler to understand.

They came together to form a woman. The area around her became a holy land for cultivation.

Everyone’s dao also appeared and started displaying joy to see her. She seemed to be the center of the grand dao. All else followed her lead.

Her laws could somehow suppress the laws of dragon lords as well. They were shocked to see something like this happening to them. Yes, she was a conqueror; her dao laws alone said it all.

This plainly-dressed woman embodied simplicity and naturalness. Although she did not possess an unparalleled beauty like Tendril King, she exuded peerless grace and charm. Observers could never get tired of looking at her.

“Truth Conqueror!” All the guests bowed willingly including the dragon lords.

She was the perfect example of how a conqueror should be - righteous and attuned to the dao.

Her appearance today naturally surprised the crowd.

“She’s out of isolated cultivation.” Swordgrasp Venerable murmured.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

She was one of the two conquerors still living in the lower continents. Recently, several conquerors have been produced in this land - Conceal, Heavenpeak, Phenomena, and Green Mountain.

Heavenpeak was killed by Conceal and Greenmountain had left. Truth was the opposite of Conceal; she always kept a low profile.

After gaining her dao fruit, she spent the majority of her time cultivating. She came from the upper continents and was brought down by Dao Alliance to stay at Immortal Platform.

Her origin was initially a mystery but people somehow figured out that her father was Three Truth Dao Lord.

He was known for hating evil and living in an upright manner. He served as a pillar for Dao Alliance and had killed numerous experts from The Race. He had no love for Celestial Court, Divine Alliance, and Heaven Alliance.

Fate toyed with him by making him fall in love with a Grand Emperor from the Race. They married in secrecy and had a daughter.

This infuriated Celestial Court so it sent ancestors and emperors to ambush him. He carried his baby girl and fought his way out of the encirclement, albeit suffering grievous injuries.

During this crucial moment, Darkfrost Dao Lord appeared and repelled the enemies. Alas, it was too late to save him. He entrusted his daughter to her before dying.

She brought the baby to Dao Alliance but later on, the baby was taken down to Immortal Platform.

Nonetheless, the lineage still did its best to groom her. She was talented given her bloodline and eventually became a conqueror.

There was something limiting and making her weaker. It could be her chosen merit laws or that she was originally from the upper continents, making it harder for her to cultivate.

Some believed that if she had remained in the upper continents, she would have had seven or eight fruits by now. This seemed like a story of a princess falling from grace, being subjected to a demotion to the lower realm.

Rumor has it that this was necessary for her own good. Celestial Court didn’t drop the issue so she was actually safer in the lower continents.