Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5098: Primal’s ProgenitorNêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

The confirmation of Li Qiye’s identity caused her to perform a bow again - one meant for a descendant honoring an ancestor.

“No need for that, I am not your progenitor or ancestor.” Li Qiye said.

“Young Noble, could you tell me who our progenitor is then?” She looked with hope and curiosity in her eyes.

Everyone in Primal wanted to know the answer but there was not a single clue. Even the greatest researchers and historians among them failed.

“I am not obligated to tell you but since you have brought this thing here, I will tell you. I thought that this would happen.” He said.

“Please enlighten me, Young Noble.” She took a deep breath and stood solemnly. She felt rather tense because she was about to hear the long-awaited answer.

“Purewood Divine Emperor.” Li Qiye said slowly.

“Purewood Divine Emperor…” She murmured while becoming emotional: “The emperor who turned the tides during the Battle of Skysplitter.”

“There is only one Purewood Divine Emperor.” Li Qiye nodded.

This was not one of the guesses they had regarding their progenitor. Purewood Divine Emperor had no relationship with Primal and was no longer around after entering Immortal Dao City.

Her knowledge of this emperor included the battle known as Skysplitter. The emperor managed to quell the rising storm and establish a place for The People in the lower continents.

Immortal Dao City became the supreme lineage for The People, similar to Celestial Court for The Race.

This battle also started the classifications of the six continents on top of numerous legends.

“Skysplitter…” Yunyun murmured and thought about this ancient battle.

According to the legends, everything was chaotic after the epoch war. This included an unexpected appearance of the Primordial Tree, releasing its dew and dao fruits.

Everyone competed for it, resulting in another massacre. This was when Immortal Dao City manifested into reality and commanded everyone’s attention.

Capable cultivators from all over the world wished to enter. This list included Immortal Monarch Yiye, Inconcealable Ancient God, Mortal Reversion Ancient God, Immortal Emperor Fei Yang, Immortal Emperor Bu Zhan, and many more…

The other side consisted of Celestial Court and its main fighting force led by Immortal Emperor Hao Hai and War Ancient God.

The latter was one step too late since Immortal Monarch Yi Ye and Inconcealable Ancient God managed to enter the city first. Their allies then bought them time by guarding the gate.

The two sides fought fiercely. Celestial Court had to resort to ask for the help of its guest - Jiao Heng - who managed to injure Mortal Reversion and force Feiyang back. This turned the tide of the battle. [1]

At the same time, the brilliant Heaven Burial Conqueror joined the battle and suppressed the weaker combatants.

The People’s defeat seemed inevitable until Purewood Divine Emperor’s appearance. Purewood successfully persuaded Jiao Heng to stop and forced Heaven Burial Conqueror back.

It became a stalemate for a while until even more help arrived for The People - the duck egg buyer, Immortal Emperor Zhan, and many more dao lords and emperors. [2]

Celestial Court lost many consecutive battles until the casualties were just too much to take. Their main army retreated back to the court and their enemies marched toward their gate.

This was a period when The People’s morale was at an all-time high, harboring the ambition of destroying Celestial Court.

The top masters of Celestial Court couldn’t break the blockade despite repeated and bloody attempts. It was on the brink of destruction despite having numerous masters.

Sometime later, the two sides agreed to a ceasefire. The reason remained unknown but territories were divided. Henceforth, The People were considered equal to The Race.

This changed the landscape of the world and afterward, colossal lineages with the character “alliance” in their title were created.

Skysplitter was the start of all of this, allowing The People to stand pridefully. Remember, they were considered inferior and sinners before this.

The most interesting thing about this was that Purewood Divine Emperor who drastically changed the outcome was a member of The Race. Nonetheless, the emperor sided with The People just like the War Monarch Clan back in the Immemorial War.

“Not bad, right? Enough to suppress the emperors and gods.” Li Qiye smiled.

She nodded and felt a sense of pride. Now, Primal finally knew their progenitor - the magnificent Purewood Divine Emperor.

The descendants of Luminous Conqueror and Heaven Burial Conqueror always bragged about their impressive backgrounds. This gave them immense confidence and aided in their success.

Primal lacked this history once until the appearance of Eternal Conqueror. Now, they had another thing to be proud of - Purewood Divine Emperor was arguably greater than the other progenitors.

1. This is a tough one without more context. The literal can be translated several ways but it has the characters for Jiao Heng without the Immortal Emperor part. The others always have their full title with the exception of dialogue; this is narrative so it should have been Immortal Emperor Jiao Heng. I don’t think this is Immortal Emperor Jiao Heng, but I can’t make that call. It would make sense for Jiao Heng to be powerful but why is he on the side of Celestial Court? Other ways this could have been translated depending on the context is “Arrogant Guest/Official” as a title, or just an arrogant guest. All in all, not quite sure about this one but I have to leave Jiao Heng in just in case it is really him ☜

2. Usually Immortal Emperors have two words in their title, Zhan only has one - Zhan Xian Di. This could be interpreted as an emperor who wants to against immortals instead of Immortal Emperor. Keeping it as Immortal Emperor Zhan for now. In reflection, there have been a lot of titles in the past 5,000 chapters. Maybe 2-3% of them should be something different now that the context is known, 20% could have been better or used a different format. Looking back with my current experience, I would translate Immortal Emperor titles as adjectives instead of pinyin proper nouns. It is nice keeping them as pinyin too since the line between a title and a name is so blurred in Chinese. Only the distinction is clear in English when I have to translate. I don’t want to change all the Immortal Emperor titles to match the rest of the novel because those names are too memorable now. For example, Jiao Heng, Hong Tian, or Min Ren ☜