Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5112: Ultimate Push

Ascension turned into a divine emperor with the power of his subjects. After the initial boost, he immediately sent everything toward Li Qiye.

Li Qiye was a piece of metal being thrown into a scorching furnace, on the verge of turning back into molten liquid.

Meanwhile, Vessel Conqueror’s murderous intent engulfed the three continents, painting a potential scene of blood and carnage.

“Clank!” She finally unsheathed her sword. The sheer weight of the technique was too much for the world to bear.

The sharpness of the slash wasn’t the focus but rather - the intensity of the sword dao. Its mere presence alone could pulverize dragon lords.

“Vessel Slash!” A crowd member saw this move for the second time and found it to be more terrifying.

She had used it before to great success, killing numerous geniuses and masters in the lower continents. Not even a single bone was left in the aftermath.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“It’s still as amazing as ever.” A dragon lord with a crush on her said with admiration and fear. People couldn’t help falling in love with her while fearing her at first sight.

“Destruction!” Six-pot Conqueror gathered all of his power as well. It seemed as if a million volcanoes were erupting at the same time.

All six pots activated as he shouted: “Karmic Yin Yang Reincarnation Pots!” [1]

They flew into the scroll and exerted these affinities upon Li Qiye, encircling him with the unceasing rotations of the mortal coil.

Some had heard of a particular story about this technique before. During Six-pot Conqueror’s generation, he had another conqueror as his rival. Alas, the powerful rival was eventually taken down by this technique. Even the dao fruits were reduced to ashes after being stuck in the cycles.

“Boom!” All four conquerors struck Li Qiye in unison.

“!!!” Spectators saw the time and space around Li Qiye being subjected to refinement.

“He has to escape the karmic cycle in order to survive.” An ancient ancestor from The People turned pale.

The confidence from their side wavered after seeing the attacks.

“Yes!!!” On the other hand, The Race’s members shouted in excitement. Their conquerors went all out from the very beginning.

Ascension Terra inside the scroll shook violently while the three continents felt the same violent quakes.

During this crucial moment, everyone saw Li Qiye raising the various affinity with a single hand.

“Our ancestor is unstoppable!” The People’s members became emotional and saw hope at this moment.

“Lifting the affinities with one hand! No one can beat him!” A dragon lord was moved to tears.

The supreme geniuses and powerful ancestors on this side saw endless potential in Li Qiye and took great pride in this.

“The great Luminous Conqueror and Demon Conqueror couldn’t have been better than this.” One ancient ancestor became teary.

The former fought the countless ancestors of Deity while the latter dominated alone. After so many years, The People finally had another cultivator of this level. 

Li Qiye’s radiance was just as bright as these historical legends’ as he blocked the incoming attacks.

“This is insane…” On the other hand, ancestors from the other side felt their knees buckling.

Though they wanted nothing more than to kill Li Qiye, they couldn’t help but admire his incredible power. The Race respected strength and ability.

For example, despite being beaten by Luminous and Demon, their descendants had nothing but praise for these conquerors. This applied to Li Qiye as well.

“Rumble!” Li Qiye slowly raised his hand against the combined forces. All four attacks faltered as a result.

After loud explosions, the conquerors finally felt immense pressure coming from Li Qiye. The tides have reversed and they were no longer refining Li Qiye.

“Go!” They roared and released their dao flames and true blood. The two power sources mixed together and boosted their ultimate attacks. This was their limit.