Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5113: Foundation

Their power surged to a horrifying level since they were burning their true blood without any hesitation.

“Boom!” Li Qiye’s hand moved down slightly. The sight of this gave them hope.

“Brothers, Reincarnation will assist us!” Greenmountain shouted.

“Very well, open the foundation!” Six-pot knew that this was a crucial moment.

“Activate!” Greenmountain’s dao fruits became resplendent.

He became shrouded in flames before sending it toward all of Reincarnation.

“What is this?” Members of the lineage felt as if they were bathing in a warm spring.

The flames made them one with the lineage - an inseparable link. This was an unprecedented feeling but all of them were connected now.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

After loud explosions, Reincarnation suddenly split into two halves, revealing a divine treasury beneath. 

Inside the blinding radiance were numerous treasures and weapons. Runic lines appeared all over the lineage and formed an ancient symbol. It shot upward and imprinted itself into the sky.

This was a symbol from the ancient time, seemingly having been blessed by countless emperors and gods.

This resulted in an overlord-level strength engulfing the lower continents. Instead of actually destroying everything, they aimed for the other three conquerors.

This boosted their attacks up to the overlord level. The refinement process started again around Li Qiye.

“Rumble!” Greenmountain used all of his might to control the symbol.

“Rumble!” The sky started opening and a shocking scene appeared before everyone - an ancient world with countless stars and unimaginable beings…

This was a world from a different epoch and it began to affect the fabrics of the lower continents. Deeper in that epoch was a divine treasury. Each treasure could massacre dragon lords and conquerors in the present. It seemed to have enough firepower to take down all six continents.

“Is that the legendary treasury of an epoch?” Everyone observed in fear.

“It’s not real, only a borrowing attempt from Blazing Conqueror. He managed to understand this old epoch and created this phenomenon.” A dragon lord took a deep breath and said: “It seemed that he managed to connect it with the foundation of Reincarnation and now, Greenmountain Conqueror somehow opened it as well, this is rather unprecedented.”

According to the legend, Blazing Conqueror possessed a divine treasury. Though it he was able to find an ancient epoch. 

Although the epoch no longer existed, he was able to borrow a portion of its power during its golden age. The actual treasury served as a connection to bring it back to the present.

Even Reincarnation doubted this because no one has been able to channel this phenomenon until now. Greenmountain has proven himself to be exceptional, capable of seizing the power of an epoch.

“Boom!” The manifestation eventually took the form of a golden maelstrom that exude rays into the three conquerors, adding layers of armor plates to them.

They immediately grew into gigantic machines, looking capable of devouring the stars. 

“What is this…?” Everyone stared at them in amazement.

They became the embodiment of the ancient epoch and wielded its power. Moreover, this didn’t negatively impact their cultivation at all.

“Boom!” The area where Li Qiye stood was immediately refined into an enigmatic rune.