Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5121: Dark Samsara

A visitor came to Eight-stallion Dynasty during Li Qiye’s stay.

“Uncle Xiang.” Li Qiye smiled and said.

It was none other than Phenomena Conqueror - still coughing and looking feeble. His lungs seemed to be on the verge of being coughed out of his body. If he didn’t reveal himself, no one would think that he was a conqueror.

Thus, the members of Eight-stallion treated him with nothing but respect this time around. They didn’t realize it and thought that he was just a sickly old man. This was a case of being unable to see Mount Tai although it wasn’t quite their fault.

After all, Phenomena Conqueror was known as a supreme genius who was even more talented than Conceal Conqueror. Most thought that he would have no problem reaching twelve dao fruits.

Now, his cultivation had stagnated due to the ambush and Conceal had surpassed him.

“Young Noble.” He bowed slightly and said: “I apologize for hiding my identity during our first meeting.”

“It is not your fault given the circumstances. Anyone could be an enemy.” Li Qiye shook his head.

“Yes, ten thousand years wasted just like that.” Phenomena sighed. He had no choice but to hide at the start because the ambusher was clearly stronger than the other conquerors around. Conceal couldn’t have protected him.

“You’re not only here to chat, right?” Li Qiye asked.

“I am indeed here with an ulterior motive. I beseech your help, Young Noble, in curing my injuries.” Phenomena smiled wryly.

He should have died from the fatal wounds if it wasn’t for his incredible gifts. Although he managed to remain relatively stable, the internal injuries kept on resurfacing.

This time, he appeared again only to be sent flying. If it wasn’t for his master, he would have met his end. Now, stability could no longer be maintained, hence his visit.

He had no other option because Li Qiye might be the only one in the lower continents capable of saving him. Li Qiye was simply too strong - an existence exceeding anyone with twelve fruits.

Without help, the best-case scenario would be losing his cultivation and becoming a mortal.

“Relatively easy.” Li Qiye smiled: “The technique is known as Dark Samsara.”Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“You have a method?” Phenomena became excited since Li Qiye knew of the technique.

“This is no big deal. Now if it was inflicted by the old geezer himself, it would be a different story. Greenmountain only learned the bare minimum.” Li Qiye smiled.

“Please cure me, Young Noble.” Phenomena lowered his head - something he would never do but this was the only option: “I will be of service whenever you need me in the future.”

Conquerors took their promise rather seriously. In this case, Phenomena knew that only sincerity would move Li Qiye. Treasures and merit laws were meaningless.

Li Qiye smiled and raised his hand, piercing through the myriad dao and affinities along with the conqueror’s body.

The latter trembled, feeling as if something within him had been grasped by Li Qiye. Next came an unbearable pain.

Given his history and experience, he had tasted all types of pain before. Alas, this one made him break out in sweats.

“Ah!” He finally screamed when Li Qiye pulled his hand back and fell to the ground.

This was a samsara affinity infused with darkness. It seemed to be alive and morphed continuously in Li Qiye’s hand. This was the thing torturing him for generations now.

He took a deep breath after seeing it. No wonder why he couldn’t fully get rid of it - this was something far beyond his current level. The cycle never stopped in the last ten thousand years regardless of his effort.

However, Li Qiye easily severed the cycle without leaving any mark on his body.

“Poof!” Li Qiye then used a special daoflame capable of burning the affinity into nothingness.

“Still the same boring play after so many years. If they want to join the darkness, why not come up with something new?” Li Qiye shook his head and complained.

Meanwhile, Phenomena stood there in a daze wondering how Li Qiye could get rid of this affliction so easily. His wounds were completely healed now.