Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5132: Small Village

After a long chat and the tea has turned cold, the man stood up and bid goodbye: “If you ever need anything, come to Dao Alliance.”

“Goodbye.” Li Qiye smiled.

The man left and Li Qiye continued crossing through True Bear Mountain. In spite of its name, it was actually a dangerous territory of varying terrains. Alas, the ferocious demons and beasts were no more after the battle.

He finally came across many villages afterward. It seemed peaceful with wafting smoke from the kitchens, dogs barking, and chicken roosting.

The entrance of this particular one had a signboard, “Joy Village”. At first, most would think that this was the name of the village. [1]

However, in reality, all the villages had this signboard at the entrance. First-timers would find this rather confusing.

Upon closer inspection, each signboard had a distinctive mark beneath. For example - one had two tiny characters, “Plum Blossom”. Another had the number six.

Outside of the signboard, they all had a female statue as well, depicting a girl dressed in a simple manner with her hair casually tied behind her head.

Normally, such an ordinary-looking girl wouldn’t be celebrated in this manner. Alas, there was an indescribable charm to the statue as it told a story. This traveler had a destination in mind yet as she gazed upon this land, her eyes were filled with affection so she stopped in order to guard it.

Similar to True Bear Mountain, Joy Village was the name for the region, not a singular village.

This was a paradise for both mortals and cultivators alike. Many children and old men here have been exposed to cultivation.

Outsiders seemed to be welcomed here as well. They became interested and started preaching the dao to the children.

Some big shots have done so. Dragon lords came and preached to those who were willing to listen. Of course, not all mortals gave a damn. They actually chose to work on their farm or just laze around instead. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

This was a rather rare scene - mortals and cultivators actually living together without any distinction.

Other cities had this but mortals always kept away from cultivators and vice versa. There were unwritten laws regarding conduct between the two sides for the sake of maintaining orders and protecting mortals.

Here, there were no sects either. One could learn and ask questions from anyone or even just watch an old man during his cultivation.

Some outsiders found this awfully interesting and decided to impart their crucial dao knowledge to the villagers.

Here, cultivation was not pursued for fame, power, or everlasting life. Instead, it was simply a hobby to pass the time. It was like drawing for a child today and playing tomorrow. There was no pressure to cultivate.

Li Qiye became interested in these unique villages and admired them. He stared at the female statue, especially her tied hair and eyes.

“Achieving your ambition in such a meticulous manner.” Li Qiye sighed and touched it.

“That is Peace Goddess.” A villager came over and said: “You must be an outsider?”

They weren’t afraid of cultivators due to the culture of the region.

“Yes, but I feel like I’m home.” Li Qiye said sentimentally.

“That is her wish and our creed.” The villager said: “Virtually all visitors want to stay, whether it be mortals or cultivators. When the goddess was preaching her dao in the past, this place was a true paradise.”

According to the legend, a girl descended to the mortal world and was considered a goddess. She lived among mortals and taught them the dao, not forming any sect in the process.

Her stay lasted for hundreds of thousands of years. What began in a small village spread to an entire region for the betterment of the world.

It wasn’t an academy and didn’t recruit anyone. Nonetheless, everyone was welcome to stay. There was no competition here, only peace.

Both mortals and cultivators became regular villagers afterward. Thus, there could be hidden dragons and crouching tigers among them.

A random conqueror could be found taking care of a farm. An old man could actually be a dragon lord who was once the ruler of a great sect. Today, he preferred to sunbathe and swat some flies during his free time.

All in all, Peace Village was a unique paradise in the upper continents. Those weary of constant fighting and killing could come here to live without worries.

“An amazing person indeed.” Li Qiye said. The little girl has turned into a revered god through a unique method.

“Yes, we are protected by her and live happily here.” The village appreciated the comment: “Outsider, if you wish to stay, there is an empty plot to the west. Let me know and I’ll go ask around for you.”

“I’m only looking for someone.” Li Qiye shook his head.

“That’s harder then.” The villager shook his head: “Our population is rather high, not to mention that people come and go. The person you’re looking for might not be here anymore.”

“It’s alright, I’ll take my time.” Li Qiye smiled and said goodbye to the villager, taking his time strolling through the villages.

1. This word has many meanings but picking Joy right now ?