Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5136: Wafting Fragrance

The fragrance of the flowers wafted in the air inside the courtyard.

The duo chatted leisurely beneath the tree. Li Qiye relaxed on a big chair while the man was warming up wine.

Jun Landu was an unknown name to the upper continents. Only the academy from the lower continents recalled his name, perhaps only during the graduation ceremony and deer auction.

Skyquake Dao Controller - a supreme weapon in that region - once belonged to him. He obtained this from the deer auction and gifted it to the academy before disappearing from the world.

Some said that he was just another ordinary cultivator without this weapon - suffering obscurity afterward. A few had searched for him to no avail. There were no clues regarding his whereabouts in the lower continents.

Because of this, future generations spoke of him with a tinge of regret. They believed that with the dao controller, he could have made a legend for himself. Even if he didn’t become a conqueror, he could have started his own sect.

None knew that he was spending his time at Peace Village in the upper two continents. Of course, no one would recognize him here anyway.

“You drank the grand dao tea earlier and I don’t have anything comparable here, Sir, just this wine that I made myself from the flowers. Please try.” Jun Landu said.

Li Qiye raised the cup for a taste of the warm wine. Its aroma flowed into his throat and spread throughout his body, connecting him with the earth.

“It’s good.” He raised his cup in a toast to both Jun Landu and the tree: “Allowing one to communicate with the world.”

“You’re too kind, Sir.” Jun Landu smiled and poured another cup for Li Qiye.

“Do you know why I’m here?” Li Qiye asked while enjoying the sun.

“Yes, I calculated my future recently and have prepared.” Landu smiled wryly before waving his hand.

“Splash!” A sweet milky dew infused with the dao gushed out of the ground, creating a pond in the middle of the courtyard. The purpose was to push up an ancient coffin made of jade.

It seemed to be a vessel for time and life, capable of floating in the river of time for eternity. Runes were embedded by ancient emperors themselves, perhaps meant for a peer of theirs.

“The Qian had a coffin prepared for a widow.” Jun Landu brought the coffin over and said: “When I came across it, I imagined myself being inside after death. What more can one asks for?”

He removed the lid and gently caressed the sidewall: “Looks like I won’t have the chance now.”

Many considered death to be a taboo and ominous subject. Jun Landu, on the other hand, didn’t mind at all.

“You just need to worry about living well.” Li Qiye smiled.

“Death is inevitable and I am no immortal.” Landu laughed.

“You might not be one but you have more freedom than them.” Li Qiye said.

“Earning such praise from you means that my life isn’t so bad.” Landu smiled and patted the coffin again: “Today, it is returning to its rightful master. You were the one who gave it to the Qian, right?”

Li Qiye chuckled and didn’t answer him. He placed the sealed corpse into the coffin and branded it with a blessing. The inside became filled with immortal mist as if it was trying to nourish the corpse and bring life back.

“So this is the correct way of using this coffin.” Landu observed the process and said: “A true rebirth is unprecedented in this world, only you can perform it.”

Li Qiye shook his head: “There’s no bringing back someone from the dead, that’s reserved for the villainous heaven. Not even I can change this fact.”

“Well, no one else but you can do it when there’s only a sliver of life left.” Landu understood the situation.

Li Qiye was pleased with the comment and sat back down. Landu poured him another full cup.

Li Qiye enjoyed the drink for a while before asking: “What is your pursuit in life?”

“An ordinary man such as myself wants nothing more than just three decent meals a day, maybe a little reading when I have time, listening to the insects and watching the sunset.” Landu smiled: “I do not seek the apex for I lack the ability unlike you, Sir.”

“If there was a ranking of all the great men and women in the world, you would certainly have a spot among them.” Li Qiye said.

“Unfortunately, that doesn’t mean much for we’re still insects. Heroes have turned into sand. Just imagine the greatness of World Emperor, a true legend, only to turn into smoke.” He smiled wryly. [1]Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“World Emperor was a hero.” Li Qiye said: “The three races were lucky to have him or they would not be here right now.”

“Yes, I dare not consider myself to be on the same level as World Emperor or you, Sir. That would be a gross overestimation of my ability.” He said.

“Your pursuit is rare and excellent in its own way, not all peerless individual has to shoulder the responsibility in a selfless manner.” Li Qiye said.

“I’ll be content just living a normal life like an insect.” Landu smiled freely.

Not all had the ability to make the same choice as him given the turmoil in the upper continents.

“I see.” Li Qiye sighed.

“I know that the fact that we can live like this is because of people such as yourself, World Emperor, and all the sages in the past. Otherwise, we would have been born as slaves and food.” Landu said.

“Perhaps you wouldn’t have been born at all.” Li Qiye smiled.

1. Would suck if World Emperor is dead now, he was a cool character ?