Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5164: Herb Gatherer

Immortal’s Peak was a magical location in Grand Dao, a favorite destination for many.

The upper continents consisted of Hallowed Heaven and Grand Dao. The former was home to Heaven and Divine Alliance while the latter had Dao and Imperial Alliance.

Immortal’s Peak stood at the border of the two alliances - a wilderness filled with gigantic beasts and alchemy ingredients.

The peak itself was known to be a magical garden for herbs and grass. The surrounding had varying terrains - unique-shaped mountains and valleys.

The titular peak was still the highest one, pointing straight at the sky just like an immortal leading the flock to paradise.

Rumor has it that there were immortal-level herbs here because many have seen wondrous phenomena from a distance. The fragrances of medicine were magical and not seen anywhere else in the world. Just sniffing them alone improved all aspects of cultivation.

Alas, none managed to find them. The problem was a lack of accessibility.

Although Immortal’s Peak could be seen clearly ahead, actually reaching the area was rather difficult.

One could walk through the mountain range for ten million miles and still couldn’t make it to the peak itself, let alone try to climb it.

Top conquerors and dragon lords had attempted before. Only the strongest ones made it to the climb, at least according to unverifiable rumors.

Thus, most believed that the treasures here were reserved for the fateful ones. Ability alone was not enough.

On the other hand, climbing the main peak wasn’t crucial to the area’s popularity. The surrounding mountain range also had valuable treasures and medicines.

Of course, only top alchemists had the skill and knowledge necessary to obtain the best ones. Otherwise, most could only watch the alchemy treasures run away before their very eyes.

Knowing the right method was crucial in capturing sentient medicines. Otherwise, they could either escape or be damaged during an improper attempt.

Today, a girl had ventured deep into the mountain range and made it to a mountain spring with clear water.

She wore a pleated dress and her beautiful hair was tied up into a ponytail, giving her a lively and energetic look.

The shimmering medicine basket she carried on her back was a precious treasure, blessed by incredible seals and alchemy dao.

This was specifically crafted for storing and trapping medicines. There was no escaping once captured.

In fact, it revealed her identity to everyone, whether they be from the alliances or were just vagabonds.

Imperial Attendant City - a famous sect across the upper continents. They had two special products desired by all.

Nine-form Imperial Remedy and Time-honed Longevity Pill - the culmination of their alchemy dao.

The former could heal the majority of illnesses and wounds even for emperor-level cultivators. Normally, wounds inflicted on emperors could only be healed by them. However, there were heavenly injuries above their recovery ability and that’s where Nine-form Imperial Remedy came in.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Some believed that if this alchemy product were to fail, the patient should just wait for death. Back in Immemorial Epoch War, it saved numerous emperors and monarchs from certain death.

As for the latter, its effect was obvious - the best life-prolongment medicine in all of the upper continents.

Most longevity pills were divided into levels and had limitations. The stronger the cultivator, the less effective. The more times used, the less effective.

Time-honed Longevity Pill, on the other hand, had the same effect for both regular cultivators and conquerors. The problem was the arduous alchemy process.

Only a single cauldron could be finished every ten thousand years. Therefore, they were highly contested.

Thus, Imperial Attendant City and its members were widely respected, and this girl was one of them.

She was beautiful like a budding peony. She had a bright aura radiating joy to those who lay eyes upon her, leaving them with happiness as well.

She has been pursuing a precious medicine after spotting it during her visit. It has been escaping other pursuers but she managed to keep up.

The mountain stream was overgrown but she still noticed the target, unable to escape the lure of her alchemy whistle.

She pushed aside the thick grass in order to search for it.

“Whoosh!” A green branch suddenly sprung for her face.

She reacted quickly and waved her hand to form a barrier.

“Boom!” It easily destroyed her barrier with lightning speed and didn’t stop.

She became alarmed but her medicinal basket flashed brightly. A female figure manifested into reality and attempted to stop the branch.

Unfortunately, this branch was just too strong and crushed the visual phenomenon.

“...” She covered her eyes, awaiting death due to the gap in power.

However, nothing happened for a long while. She calmed down and removed her hands; her face was yet to be pierced by the branch.

She saw a youth standing in front of her - one as ordinary as could be, whether it be his physical characteristics or his robe.

Nonetheless, he managed to capture the spirit branch and immobilized it with his hand while still relaxing with a smile on his face.

“Thank you…” She was still frightened by the near-death experience.

“Who gave you that basket?” He asked.

“My master.” She answered.

“Name?” Li Qiye asked again.

She was taken aback by his impolite mannerism and abrupt questioning.