Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5213: Utterly Shameless

Imperial Gate once ruled the city at its inception and for many subsequent eras, becoming a holy ground of sorts for cultivators.

The only historical interruption of their rule was when Peerless Monarch took over during a time of crisis. Nonetheless, she returned it later.

Now, Suppression Conqueror has taken over. In a sense, he and his sect were considered outsiders.

The latter had been trying to change the main branch status of Imperial Gate. After all, as long as this belief existed, he would never truly be in charge. The question of returning the reins would always loom in the future.

In spite of its current state, Imperial Gate’s foundation has been blessed by numerous cultivators. It started with City Lord Zi Yan, Space Dragon Emperor, Ox-dragon Ancestor, Skyshroud Emperor…

This was especially true for the two founders of the dragon lord path. They searched for a way to reach the dao source and Imperial Gate became their main research zone.

During its prime, the doors weren’t open to outsiders. Alas, Suppression Conqueror forced it to change after taking over. Many areas were open now so cultivators could come to take a look at the origin of the dragon lords.

Li Qiye entered the main entrance - a vast field where the city lord and the wise sages once had public speeches. Today, only memorial statues were left to honor them.

The first in sight was none other than City Lord Zi Yan. Her statue was built in the very center of the field, gazing toward the distance as if waiting for someone.

She was a peerless beauty who exuded a mature and noble charm, possessing an imposing presence. She had orchestrated strategies and mobilized forces to epic battles for generations. Everything was within her grasp.

The statue tried its best to imitate her ethereal nature since she was originally a violet bamboo. No records of her origin existed in the upper continents. However, her exploits during the great wars have been recorded.

She served as the support and backer for the emperors at first. It wasn’t until Grand Dao War that she personally led the wise sages to battle. She also furnished the troops with incredible materials and jades…

Because of her unwavering support and resources to Imperial Field, their side was finally able to seize the upper hand. During one of the most pivotal battles, she traveled to Imperial Field and fell valiantly in combat.

Li Qiye sighed while staring at the statue. He could still hear her voice calling him “Young Master”. Now, he could only meet her statue again.

To her sides were Ox-dragon Ancestor and Space Dragon Emperor. The former was a bull with a draconic and godly aura. The other, Space Dragon Emperor, was even more impressive.

He wore golden armor with a dragon coiling around the plates, making him look like an unbeatable god of war.

Li Qiye appreciated the animated depiction of Ox-dragon Ancestor but chortled after seeing Space Dragon Emperor. The load on his mind disappeared right away.

The statue of the emperor just looked impressive - a being capable of treading through the heavens and earth, challenging the sun and moon while clad in golden armor.

Various phenomena and dominant affinities have been bestowed upon him, something Li Qiye found hilarious.

However, no one in the upper continents would question his prestige. After all, he started the sovereign path in Eight Desolaces and then the dragon lord path in the six continents. This allowed cultivators to excel at the dao without needing to become a conqueror.

Moreover, he embraced the title of “Dragon Emperor”. Everyone believed that he must have come from a true dragon race, possessing the noblest bloodline…

All in all, his image was immensely grand in the minds of the people. As for Li Qiye, he remembered the dragon emperor as a worm and thought that the guy was good at embellishing his image.

“What a shameless brat.” Li Qiye found this amusing and forgot the disappointment earlier.

Ox-dragon Ancestor, on the other hand, kept a humble image. He was a bull and his statue reflected that.

“He must have lived a joyful life.” Li Qiye said.

In fact, ever since the opening of Imperial Gate, many came to pay their respect with the majority focusing on Space Dragon Emperor and Ox-dragon Ancestor.

They gave the world a new path and brought hope to lesser-talented cultivators who sorely needed it.

Sure enough, these two statues had a long line in front of them. Some came to worship, others came to take a look and even touch the statues. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

As for Li Qiye, his attention was taken by another statue - Skyshroud Emperor.

The statue undoubtedly depicted an unparalleled beauty. However, the physical appearance was elusive and ever-changing. At first glance, there seemed to be a graceful beauty but it would shift into nothingness afterward.

Looking at it for a long time made people feel as if Imperial Gate was no longer around, and the same for the sky. All were concealed by something.