Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5320: High-level Duel

Their next destination was a muddy ocean, seemingly infected in entirety by something foul. Moreover, the water was frozen solid beneath yet the waves appeared to be ablaze. Instead of being red like flames, they looked more like ice crystals.

When True Bear took one step into the water, he suddenly realized that it was extremely dangerous and immediately activated his power.

Despite the automatic defense of a conqueror, his fur was still being burned. The ice-like flames somehow contained an indestructible sword energy capable of piercing through a conqueror.

“Raa!” True Bear let out a cry before he was sent flying.

“!” Li Zhitian took a deep breath and activated his twelve fruits, becoming engulfed in the grand dao.

He stepped into the ocean and the fiery waves immediately assaulted him. Instead of burning like a regular flame, it resembled the ice affinity more.

The freezing process resulted in a painful burning sensation. The sword energy began piercing Zhitian as well.

He shuddered after feeling this timeless energy. It could pierce someone for an endless period, robbing them of their dominion. He didn’t last that much longer than True Bear and was eventually sent flying as well.

“Incredible.” He knew that this wasn’t the full brunt of the sword energy either, only the section that he stepped on.

“An apex conqueror.” The old servant didn’t need to try.

“On we go.” Li Qiye chuckled and stepped on the ocean, creating a dao path before him. The icey flames no longer attacked, unable to contend against his grand dao.

The others also followed behind him, completely safeguarded from any danger.

Each step moved them thousands of miles forward. It didn’t take long to reach the center of the ocean.

They saw two cultivators sitting in a meditative pose, seemingly in the middle of a duel. The icy flames and sword energy emanated from them. They utilized their strongest grand dao and did not hold back.

The woman appeared to be in her early twenties, displaying exquisite beauty beyond words and evoking an aura of crystalline purity. She was as radiant as the bright moon, capable of illuminating hearts and penetrating all things. Her eyes were particularly captivating and piercing.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

She sat there as if she had been doing so for countless eras in the past and would do so for eras in the future. The flow of time left no trace on her.

Her beauty persisted through the ages - an image that could become an everlasting memory after just one glance.

Her opponent was an old man wearing a robe made of unknown material. The cloth looked to be made from snowflakes yet had flames dancing on it.

His general figure and facial outlines made one think of an ice sculpture - looking rather surreal. When he was serious, he could be an existence looming atop the nine heavens. When he cast aside this serious air, he seemed primed to go crazy.

This sensation was due to the affinity duality - a supreme ice force on the surface yet wildly intense within, on the verge of erupting. Something had kept this internal power from exploding, turning it into a stable ice affinity instead.

They utilized their dao domain to fight, pushing back and forth. Given their mastery of their dao, they had compressed the area of effect to the maximum, only focusing on taking down the opponent. Alas, the potency of their power spread the various affinities into the entire ocean.

The woman embraced a sword while releasing an eternal sword domain. One slash of her could slice through the six continents.

True Bear and Zhitian became frozen after sensing the sword dao up close, thinking that they could be cut down at any second.

The old man’s domain was countless times stronger than the fire-ice waves they felt earlier. The flames weren’t large but just one spark could incinerate the world itself, trapping it in a layer of ice.