Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5321: One Heart

A battle between two apex cultivators occurred unbeknown to the world. The swordswoman possessed an eternal sword dao versed in both offense and defense.

As for the old man, he contained two separate powers of immense power. Despite existing on the different extremes, they somehow synergized and boosted his power, granting him unending power.

“Sword Queen versus Coldflame Conqueror.” Li Zhitian recognized both combatants.

“Two monsters of the upper continents.” The old servant commented.

“I can’t believe they’re fighting here, is it to the death?” Zhitian responded.

Sword Queen hailed from Eight Desolaces, first starting with Terra Sword Dao before moving to Everlasting Sword Dao. Rumor has it that the latter was comparable to the legendary Eras Sword Dao.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

I lead, swords follow. Sword Queen dominated Eight Deolacs and even assaulted Sword Burial Ground, bringing a period of peace.

After coming to the upper continents, she became the guardian of Imperial Alliance and rarely appeared in public afterward.

Coldflame Conqueror was just as exceptional - the only surviving conqueror of the maddened flame.

Ever since Maddened’s era, the maddened flame remained unstoppable and destructive. The problem was dying at a young age.

Rumor has it that this flame originated from One Heart, one of the nine heavenly scriptures. The founder of this style reached a level where he incinerated Celestial Court and left unscathed.

Alas, some believed that he had faltered to the illness and passed away long ago. This didn’t change in subsequent generations.

Supreme geniuses had tried, believing that they would be able to overcome the flaws of this dao. Alas, the stronger they became, so did the madness.

Maddened Conqueror excelled among them, eventually dominating the upper continents and even defeating Divine Alliance. Unfortunately, he still couldn’t escape the curse.

Ultimately, this seemed like an impossible endeavor. Even Maddened who studied One Heart and created the maddened flame couldn’t overcome this problem.

This dao was ephemeral. The users would eventually die from going mad or be killed by others due to their madness.

Coldflame Conqueror was the one who broke this eternal rule. After researching the dao, he found a way to suppress the madness while still utilizing its power - an unprecedented and monumental feat.

He then founded Ice-fire Palace in the lower continents - the new orthodox branch of the maddened flame.

He reached the apex classification at the upper two continents, capable of contending against anyone.

Although there were plenty of dao lords and conquerors in this area, only a small number reached the apex level. From this selected group, only a few had access to the anima tree.

Supreme, All-things, Swordsea, Sword Queen, Eternal, Immortal Pagoda, Principle, Illumination, Calamity, Darkfrost, Immensity, Apricot…

They were eligible to enter the immortal continent but chose otherwise. Because of their presence and power, others chose to follow them - the reason for the existence of the four alliances.

“Why is Coldflame Conqueror fighting Sword Queen? He’s not from any alliance?” Zhitian found this strange.

Most apex cultivators had chosen a side, whether it be The Race or The People. A delicate balance existed, resulting in relative peace.

Only a few remained neutral - Immensity, Coldflame, Apricot…

As the guardian of Imperial Alliance, Sword Queen naturally stood on the side of The People. It wouldn’t be surprising to see her fight against Immortal Pagoda or Eternal Conqueror. However, Coldflame Conqueror did not have a reputation for provoking others.

“Coldflame has his own aspiration.” The old servant answered quietly.

“What is it?” Zhitian became curious but didn’t get an answer.

After a brief pause, Zhitian audaciously asked: “Senior, how do you compare against Sword Queen and Coldflame Conqueror?”

He clearly thought that the old servant was another apex cultivator. The latter stared at the two; his eyes gleamed for a split second.

Perhaps he was interested in a duel as well after meeting a worthy opponent. This applied to all the top cultivators.

Supreme and the others also wanted to fight. However, they had to exercise caution in order to carry out their missions. A fight between them could start wars between the alliances and the two sides. The flames of war would then ravage the upper continents.

“Let’s go.” Li Qiye could see that this fight might take a while so he started diving into the ocean.

The group followed right behind him.