Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5332: Is It Possible?

After receiving the payment, the shopkeeper wrapped up the statue and handed it to Li Qiye while speaking: “Goldsheep Conqueror sold it to us.”

Li Qiye derived the dao and the statue emitted an evil sound. Thick black liquid also seeped outward - clearly a sign of the primal darkness.

“It’s here?” Zhitian murmured.

“Where is Goldsheep Conqueror?” Li Qiye tossed the statue, no longer needing it.

The shopkeeper stared at him without responding. The old servant understood and paid another ten million.

.

Surprisingly, the shopkeeper didn’t accept the sum and said: “For free this time. Goldsheep is at Boundless Sea, they’re betting their life.”

Li Qiye nodded and started leaving.

“My venerable god, do you wish to leave a message?” The shopkeeper asked once Li Qiye reached the door.

Li Qiye halted and turned back to respond with a smile: “A message? Sure, tell him to prepare to be disciplined.”

With that, the group left the shop.

“Are we going to Boundless Sea now?” Zhitian asked.

“It’s right here in Duality World.” The old servant said.

“So it was Goldsheep Conqueror who did this? All the statues were left behind by him.” Zhitian brought this up.

Goldsheep Conqueror came from Untethered, a famous cultivator who didn’t join The Race or The People.

Li Qiye smiled and said: “We’re going to Boundless Sea.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The moment they left Duality City, a familiar face came up to the group - Ye Fantian.

“Young Noble.” The genius respectfully bowed.

“What is it?” Li Qiye asked.

“I wish to speak to you, Young Noble.” She glanced at the others who were courteous enough to leave and give them space.

The remaining two then walked outside the city, enjoying the visual phenomena everywhere.

“I will be breaking through and obtaining my dao fruits soon.” Fantian said.

“Twelve in one go.” Li Qiye smiled.

“Indeed, Young Noble. I want to try despite the odds.” She said.

“You already have a plan, it will be successful.” Li Qiye said confidently.

Outsiders would be shocked to hear this. Ye Fantian was one of the three Tians in the upper continents. Of course, there were only two now since Xiao Qingtian had been killed by Li Qiye.

Fantian’s cultivation stagnated, unable to become a conqueror or a dragon lord while her peers both had twelve sacred fruits. This simply didn’t make sense.

Thus, this ambitious feat would surprise all six continents. The previous cultivator to do this was none other than Light-dragon Conqueror - a notable figure in history.

Fantian shared the same goal, wanting to obtain twelve dao fruits in one go. If she were to be successful, she would become an apex cultivator in due time.

“Thank you for your blessing, Young Noble.” She bowed again.

“You didn’t come here just to tell me the good news, right?” Li Qiye smiled.

She stared at him and said sincerely: “I’m overestimating my ability and wish to open a window.”

“A sky window?” Li Qiye didn’t expect this.

“Yes, I must attempt to do so.” She said.

“Are you doing it for yourself or just reminding me?” He said with a smile.

“My cultivation is low yet my ambition is higher than the sky, I view you as a role model, Young Noble.” She said: “I have my own stance but do not wish to oppose you.”

“It’s hard to hate clever people like you. Since you came to deliver this message to me, I won’t steal your limelight. I’ll just watch from the sidelines then.” Li Qiye said.

“I truly appreciate it, Young Noble.” She bowed again.

“You’re rather bold, daring to come and speak to me despite being from Divine Alliance.” Li Qiye said.

“I am but an insect before you, this is only an attempt at self-preservation.” She said.

“That’s not an unreasonable ask. I value talent so you may have a spot next to me.” Li Qiye smiled.

She was surprised to hear this and took a second to calm down. She shook her head and respectfully said: “I am grateful for your generous consideration. It’s not that I am a fool but I grew up in Divine Alliance. The seniors showed me nothing but kindness and I do not dare to forget. If I were to not pay them back, I will be no different from a beast.”

“Well said. I will not make you leave Divine Alliance against your wish.” Li Qiye smiled.

“Thank you for empathizing with me, Young Noble.” She said.

“You are smart and know what should be done.” He said.

“I know my own limitation and just wish to protect my region, not daring to compete with the heaven. I’m sure you will take it easy on me, Young Noble.” She responded.

“No need to flatter me first.” He said.

“I am speaking from the heart. Otherwise, Brother Li would not be following you despite his prestigious background and talent.” She responded.

“I’ll take it easy on you as long you do not court death.” He smiled.

“I will keep our conversation today to heart.” She said respectfully.

“I hope that you will be successful with obtaining twelve dao fruits.” He added.

“I will try my best to not let you down, Young Noble.” She lowered her head and said softly: “Afterward, please teach me how to open the window.”

“You already know what to do.” He smiled.

“I just hope that my results won’t be laugh-worthy.” She said humbly.

“It’s not overly difficult since you already know the process. The problem is being able to endure it. Just keep it simple, maintain your dao heart. As long as it is still around, you can rebuild anything including total destruction. That’s essentially the fundamental of cultivation.” He said.

“I appreciate your guidance, Young Noble.” She bowed again before leaving.

The others returned after her departure.

“Fellow Daoist Fantian is always so composed, I don’t think I can compete with her in the future.” Li Zhantian said sentimentally.

“No need to be unduly humble.” Li Qiye said: “You might have been too hasty at the start but slowly down in the future, everything is still possible as long as you are determined.”

“Thank you, Young Noble.” Zhitian was glad to hear this, thinking that he still had a shot of being competitive.