Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5335: Death Is Fine Too

“Alright, it’s my turn.” Goldsheep Conqueror happily stepped forward.

“Any last words, old man?” Godmist laughed.

“I have no regrets in life, we’ll see what happens.” Goldsheep responded with a smile.

He leaped into the whale's jaws, shouting: "See ya, old geezers, don’t miss us too much and try to enjoy life.”

“Creak!” The teeth started grinding against him and blood splashed instantly.

“Fuck, this pain!” Goldsheep bellowed in agony.

“I told you this before and you laughed at me.” Greenvine laughed after seeing this.

“Ahh!” Goldsheep let out one last scream before only the golden horns and the dao fruits were left intact.

“Boom!” Eventually, even the dao fruits were crushed and everything was swallowed by the whale.

“If I don’t die, I guess I’ll make a lair inside its stomach.” Goldsheep’s voice came from within the whale.

“Now he’s going to be miserable for a while.” Godmist shrugged, seemingly amused.

As for the whale, it let out a loud cry as if satisfied after the feast. After all, it devoured two conquerors just now. Their flesh and blood were priceless, enough to keep it nourished for another million years.

It made whistling noises, seemingly conversing with Godmist and Greenvine Conqueror.

“Splash!” After saying goodbye, it returned to the ocean floor.

“Look at how nice it is now, it wasn’t like this when it ate me.” Greenvine smiled wryly and shook his head.

Li Zhitian didn’t know what to say. These conquerors were clearly exceptional since despite coming from the lower continents, they still dominated afterward.

Now, although the two victims were still alive, the recovery process would take an absurdly long period.

Top cultivators always cherished their body and dao fruits while these four just casually left their fate to luck.

This simply didn’t make sense, not even if it was the only chance to avenge their father or some other irreconcilable feud. Throwing away a lifetime of cultivation was unthinkable.

“It’s over?” Zhitian murmured.

“Obviously, not like we’re gonna give them a funeral.” Godmist laughed.

“Seems a bit rushed.” Zhitian said.

“Brat, you’re probably thinking that we’re ridiculous?” Greenvine asked.

“Well…” Zhitian had an awkward smile.

“No one escapes death.” Godmist said with a smile.

“But one can live a meaningful life before death.” Zhitian said.

“Not necessarily since the world is full of the meaningless.” Greenvine said: “You are immensely talented. I’m sure you believe in having a bright future, that the world needs your radiance.”

“I do not think that highly of myself.” Zhitian said.

“Let’s not deny the truth, I felt the same way when I was younger, that the world needed me or the night would be too long.” Greenvine said.

“It’s just a bunch of bullshit.” Godmist said: “Will the world come to an end if someone stomps you to death? Will all the ants in the colony die after losing one member?”

“Of course not.” Zhitian said.

It’s just that he was born in a prestigious clan, destined for greatness. He was different from everyone else and seemingly had a mission in life. Alas, the recent days made him feel as if he was closer to an ant than a hero.

“Disasters are often caused by talented people.” Godmist came over and tapped his shoulder: “Greenvine and I are from The Race. If I care about it that much, I could take the side of The Race and condemn The People as inferior scums. Since I wield incredible power as a conqueror, should I start getting rid of those scums?”

“Well…” Zhitian couldn’t answer right away.

“That’s why don’t worry about missions or destiny or anything, there are dirty secrets hidden behind these missions.” Greenvine smiled.

“Then why did you four do the life bet here?” Zhitian asked.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“The racial conflict is just an excuse. Cultivators such as ourselves have been fighting and will always be fighting. Destruction and killing, what’s the point? So we picked a different method instead, leaving it to the villainous heaven.” Godmist said.

“I see…” Zhitian contemplated.

Top cultivators normally spewed out speeches about how their fate was their own, not the heaven’s. On the contrary, these powerful cultivators picked the most unreliable method - leaving it to luck - when they had full control over their destiny.

“We just aren’t afraid of death. How about you, would you participate?” Godmist said.

Zhitian thought that he was not ready to face death. After all, a genius such as himself had so much to live for.

“Not being afraid of death is courageous and noble.” Li Qiye finally joined the conversation: “One needs to be prepared for this test. Otherwise, when death comes knocking, fear will come as well. Running to avoid death will result in a pathetic life and eventually, depravity.”

“You are right, Sir. We had similar sentiments but just didn’t put it as succinctly.” Godmist said.

“Although you four have yet to obtain anima, I can see that you have one foot in the door. The path toward everlasting life will open soon enough.” Li Qiye praised.

“Hmm, we aren’t trying to force anything. It’s fine to die joyously without regrets and animosity.” Greenvine shook his head.

“A dao path with death as the final destination, that’s fine too.” Li Qiye nodded approvingly.

“We understand.” Godmist and Greenvine bowed in response.

Zhitian listened attentively and pondered his own purpose for cultivating.