Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5337: Void Obliteration

The primal darkness was ferocious and powerful, utilizing its sharp teeth capable of devouring an entire region.

Unfortunately, its opponent was Li Qiye who simply raised his hand to lock the creature.

It became helpless and unable to move an inch. Nonetheless, it roared and seemingly despised Li Qiye - ready to fight to the death.

“I wonder if I should kill you.” Li Qiye said.

“Sir, it had never done anything sinful.” Timewatcher begged.

“Is that so?” Li Qiye smiled at him before focusing on the primal darkness: “Unfortunately, it is still something that shouldn’t exist. Death is inevitable.’

“Pop!” Having said that, he slowly made a fist and the primal darkness started breaking down into pieces.

It seemed to understand the futility of the situation so it morphed back into Heaven’s Allure.

“Don’t look.” The old servant protected his mind while warning Li Zhitian. The latter immediately sealed all of his senses and protected his dao heart.

The primal darkness looked gorgeous now; all men would want to embrace and feel its warm and tender figure.

“You’re hurting me.” Its voice could melt the coldest heart.

Of course, this couldn’t affect Li Qiye in the slightest.

“I’m not an evil man and will give you a chance. If you somehow have a sliver of light left when I’m done, I will spare you.” Li Qiye said before channeling dao light into his palm.

This dao light appeared to be the purest form of this affinity. The concentration in his palm alone surpassed all the other lights in the world combined.

It marked the primal darkness, causing it to bellow in pain. It reverted back to its ferocious form while twisting in agony.

Smoke oozed from it due to the purification process. It became smaller and smaller as a result.

“Hmm? Shouldn’t be this weak.” Li Qiye’s brows furrowed.

The longer the process went on, the less area it needed to purify. Thus, it actually hastened in the end so Li Qiye had to stop.

He left behind some liquid the size of a fingernail. Nonetheless, thorns were still growing from it, seemingly eager to become bigger again.

This was the primal darkness’ terrifying nature. It couldn’t die even when there was only a single strand left.

As for Li Qiye, he found that something was off because it was unexpectedly weak.

“I shouldn’t be so extreme, but perhaps this warrants it.” Li Qiye sighed and said: “As I’ve said, I would have shown mercy if there was some light left in you.”

Having said that, he raised one finger and summoned three thousand worlds. This incoming attack could reduce everything down to the smallest particles.

The old servant became emotional after seeing this. The finger strike immobilized and made him feel helpless. Li Zhitian naturally was in an even worse state.

“Void Obliteration!” Timewatcher shouted. [1]

“Oh? Impressive knowledge.” Li Qiye glanced at him.

“I’ve researched it before.” Timewatcher smiled wryly, aware of this attack.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The black liquid could sense the power stemming from Li Qiye’s finger, feeling the threat of demise. Alas, it couldn’t move an inch.

“Let’s try this.” This was rather difficult for Li Qiye since he had to limit the destruction of this technique.

If he were to not hold back given his current power with this move, he would erase a race from the river of time.

Thus, he manipulated the technique down to its subtlest variation, aiming to search all aspects of this primal darkness.

“Pop!” The screaming primal darkness was instantly reduced to nothingness after the first contact.

***

Right at this exact moment in a distant realm, a beauty vomited blood and turned pale.

“It’s coming.” She murmured in a daze.

***

By destroying the primal darkness down to nothingness, he also gained more understanding of its origin.

“I see. A remarkable achievement.” He frowned and said.

Meanwhile, the others were shaken by Li Qiye’s technique - not because of his destructive potential but rather the precision.

That technique somehow surpassed time and space - capable of erasing creatures with the same origin regardless of their location.

“Sigh, hundreds of thousands of years, all down the drain.” Timewatcher lamented: “Only saw a bit of success too… how am I going to live now?”

“You should put on some clothes first.” Li Qiye stared at him.

The conqueror chuckled and didn’t mind being naked at all. Nonetheless, he obliged with the request.

After tidying up, he prepared a place for the group to sit and have tea beneath an old pine tree.

“Reincarnation Dao is full of perverts like you?” Li Qiye took a sip and asked.

The others also gave Timewatcher Conqueror gazes of disapproval.

1. This name could change depending on more context ☜