Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5338: Pursuit?

Reincarnation Dao in the lower continents had Greenmountain Conqueror - a cannibal. Now, Timewatcher Conqueror was also a sexual deviant.

Its progenitor, Blazing Conqueror, was also eccentric. Were all the conquerors from there strange as well?

“Sigh, what can I do? I long for her.” Timewatcher shrugged and wasn’t embarrassed.

“Longing was the reason why you lured the primal darkness?” Li Qiye chuckled.

“There doesn’t seem to be a better path.” Timewatcher said: “I want to have another option but there’s nothing. Isn’t this a good thing though? In the case of success, I would have purified that primal darkness and added another good inhabitant for this world.”

“Such a noble goal, I see, not because you want another Heaven’s Allure to yourself at all.” Li Qiye said.

“Intent aside, the result could have been a great deed.” Timewatcher said: “I would have made myself happy and contributed to the overall brightness of the world.”

“To try and romanticize your perversion, it’s rather impressive.” Li Qiye gave him a thumbs-up.

The old servant and Li Zhitian didn’t know what to say either. What Timewatcher did was shameful and disgusting. However, he didn’t seem to mind at all as if nothing in this world could fluster him.

“Is Heaven’s Allure really that irresistible?” Zhitian asked.

Timewatcher was clearly not the righteous type of conqueror. This meant that he had been with more than his fair share of the ladies. Alas, he still became smitten with Heaven’s Allure and tried something so reckless. It would have been only a matter of time before he would be consumed by the primal darkness.

“Sigh, brat, meeting her means a lifetime of obsession.” Timewatcher shook his head: “Of course, I do not blame her for it, only myself for being arrogant and prideful. I wanted to seduce her and didn’t expect to be the one falling into the pit instead.”

“You ignored all the rumors?” Li Qiye smiled.

“I thought that they were mere exaggerations and had to give it a shot.” Timewatcher smiled wryly.

Zhitian understood the past right away. Timewatcher was extremely handsome and charismatic, having great success with the ladies ever since his dao debut.

He had been with saintess and noble queens before. Heaven’s Allure was no different - or so he thought.

After meeting Heaven’s Allure and spending a short time together, he completely lost his composure and mind.

Despite being a virtually perfect man, he failed in winning her love. She was more than just a gorgeous bag of flesh, possessing both intelligence and charisma.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

He couldn’t help obsessing about her after the failed courting attempts. Thus, he came up with another plan - using a mythical creature known as the primal darkness to create his own Heaven’s Allure.

He spent immense effort and time, eventually successful in luring the primal darkness out of Evil Reborn.

He had a special technique to control the primal darkness, forcing it to turn into a copy of Heaven’s Allure.

It took untold effort before the ferocious creature willingly morphed into Heaven’s Allure. This was enough for sexual relations but far from his ambitious goal. The creature’s destructive instinct couldn’t be changed.

Nonetheless, he understood its weakness and special characteristics, allowing him to have control over the situation. Unfortunately, it was all over now with Li Qiye’s appearance.

“If you play with fire, you’ll get burned.” Li Qiye smiled.

“I don’t really regret it.” Timewatcher smiled and said: “Heaven’s Allure is peerless enough to make me waste my entire life, not a big deal. I like the feeling of having an unreachable pursuit.” He said.

“Really?” Zhitian didn’t agree with this point of view, thinking that the conqueror’s actions were improper and disgraceful.

Timewatcher could see the disdain and responded: “There is no problem here, I love women and am smitten with one. I am following my heart while not causing trouble to anyone else.”

“Well…” Zhitian had no response since he thought that cultivation was a noble path toward everlasting life. This was the way of his clan and many other experts.

“It’s true that anima and everlasting life aren’t the only answers to cultivation. Following one’s original pursuit is important as well.” Li Qiye said with a smile.

“Ah, you do have an open mind, Sir.” Timewatcher laughed.

“You have no intention of pursuing everlasting life, Senior?” Zhitian asked.

“I have lived plenty already, everlasting life doesn’t change anything. Plus, so what if I were to gain anima? I won’t be stronger than everyone else. There are too many even when not counting the ancient emperors and monarchs. Recently, Heaven Burial, Light-dragon, Immensity, Demon, Blessed, and on and on. They’re all brilliant.” Timewatcher finished and glanced at the old servant.

“Too many powerful cultivators out there.” The old servant sighed and said.

“Thus, since I have limited time, I must pursue what I enjoy even if it means dying because of women.” Timewatcher happily concluded.