Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5340: How To Kill Him?

“Well, I certainly hope so since I’m leaving Xiao Hu with you.” Hallowed smiled and said.

“Huh?” Timewatcher nearly choked after hearing this: “Big Bro, what are you saying? I can’t train your disciple given my meager skills.”

He shook his head repeatedly, seemingly panicking: “Big Bro, you stand tall as our role model with your Hallowed Sword Dao. No man can be your equal so no one can replace you as his master…”

“Yes or no?” Hallowed interrupted him.

“... Can I say no?” Timewatcher had a pained expression.

“No.” Hallowed uttered coldly: “Xiao Hu is smart and won’t be a burden.”

.

“Uncle, I will take care of you.” Xiao Hu immediately went to work cleaning the palace.

“No need, no need.” Timewatcher felt as if he had been pushed into a pit: “Big Bro, you know how I am, a playboy such as myself will be surrounded by women. This is a terrible influence on Xiao Hu.”

“Then become a good uncle then.” Hallowed said: “You were proper once while building Reincarnation City.”

Timewatcher seemed to be on the verge of tears, unable to refuse.

“Well, what are you trying to do? Why are you entrusting him to me?” He thought about something else.

“Just going to grab a few friends to go make mincemeat out of Supreme.” Hallowed said casually.

The others exchanged glances. Hallowed seemed to be a friendly old man but once angered, he did not hold back.

“Let’s not be so hasty. Sir and his friends are here, let’s just have a chat for a bit.” Timewatcher said, wanting to drag the others into the mud.

“I am not qualified to invite Sir. As for this dao brother, I’m afraid we have different views.” Hallowed bowed in the direction of Li Qiye first before staring at the old servant.

“I’m just a servant who will listen to the master’s command.” The old servant pretended not to understand.

“I’m afraid you’re no match for Supreme.” Li Qiye smiled and shook his head.

“Yes, hence my current injuries. He is indeed exceptional, the pinnacle of the dragon lords.” Hallowed praised.

“Your vitality is broken because of the shackles from the bloodline. Fixing them means that there is a path for you toward anima.” Li Qiye said.

“You are right, Sir, but I’m afraid I won’t accomplish this in my lifetime.” Hallowed said sentimentally.

Hallowed was a sea demon with a curse on his bloodline. Through sheer effort and time, he managed to break the curse, albeit not entirely.

Suppressing a forbidden zone for years and years expended his vitality, resulting in him being in a permanently weakened state. This also prevented him from reaching anima.

“Start over again.” Li Qiye said.

“Maybe but time is not on my side, not to mention the risks.” Hallowed was surprised to hear the risky approach.

“Big Bro, this is not the time to risk it all against Supreme. We can still live for a long time to wait for the right moment.” Timewatcher interjected.

“No rush.” The old servant said.

As for Li Zhitian, he couldn’t comment because he came from Heaven Alliance. Even if he wasn’t on the side of Supreme, he shouldn’t be running his mouth.

“His provocation will not go unchallenged.” Hallowed said with a smile.

“Seems like the Pact of Blessed is in name only.” Timewatcher reflected.

“With the existence of beings such as Supreme and Illumination who take pride in their race and lineage, the pact will be nullified soon enough. A full-scale war is inevitable.” Hallowed sneered.

“I agree.” Timewatcher nodded: “Supreme’s ambition is to unite the upper continents under the rule of The Race. Illumination is just as bad, embarking on a mission of eradicating The Race, no different from Celestial Court back then. It’s a good thing he was chased out back then or the situation would be far worse now.”

“Supreme is bound by his ambition but Illumination is twisted by his desire for vengeance. The farther he goes on this path, the more alienated he is from us.” Hallowed said.

“But there are many who still believe in his approach.” Timewatcher chuckled.

Illumination garnered many supporters from The People due to his strong stance against The Race. However, he had become an extremist in recent years, going as far as branding neutral cultivators as sinners of The People. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Later on, Puresun Dao Lord and the others managed to force Illumination Conqueror out of Dao Alliance since they were aware of his downward trajectory.

The Pact of Blessed came afterward, heralding a peaceful period for both sides. After all, the world was aware of how destructive it was to have a full-scale war between apex cultivators.

“There will be no peace when Supreme and Illumination are around.” The old servant said.

“That’s why you’re thinking about killing Supreme, Big Bro.” Timewatcher said: “But in order to do that, we have to get help from All-things’ group.”

“We can’t, All-things is having enough trouble right now due to Illumination’s influence.” Hallowed shook his head and sighed.

“Illumination had waited long enough now?” Timewatcher had a serious expression.

“I believe so, he is intending on retaking Dao Alliance in order to start another war.” Hallowed nodded.

“Ridiculous.” Li Qiye smiled and said.

“Unfortunately, Illumination will do so because he’s a madman.” Hallowed said.

“Seems like Dao Alliance is unstable with Illumination around, it will split eventually and this instability might spread to Imperial Alliance too. The People might go down from internal conflicts first.” Timewatcher analyzed.

“That’s why All-things is preoccupied with enemies on all sides. If we want his help, Illumination has to be eliminated first.” Hallowed said with a wry smile.

“Ethics and optics prevent it.” The old servant commented.

“Right.” Hallowed said: “If All-things were to mobilize against Illumination now, he’ll alienate others and disrupt the overall unity of The People. Supreme will definitely take advantage of that.”

“Convince Supreme to kill Illumination, let the tigers fight it out.” Li Qiye smiled.

“It is a good plan but both of them are smart. They know better than to antagonize each other right now unless there is a clear advantage. Supreme also knows that Illumination might be the downfall of Dao Alliance, he will not interfere.”

“Seems like this depends on your determination. Otherwise, it’s a situation of being unable to get off the tiger once mounted.” Li Qiye said.