Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5344: Still Pretentious While Marching To Battle

Immortal Emperor Xu Kong’s group didn’t hold back, unleashing their monstrous auras upon Timewatcher Conqueror’s home.

“Here to kill me.” Hallowed Dao Lord’s eyes released frightening sword rays.

“Old man, why are you here with so much fanfare? I didn’t sleep with your wife nor your daughters.” Timewatcher stepped forward and was undaunted.

“Timewatcher, we are here for Hallowed, please do not interfere.” The immortal emperor said with a serious tone.

“You say please but where is your invitation card? I only see blades drawn. I spit on your hypocrisy and your master for betraying The People and joining Celestial Court.” Timewatcher spat on the ground.

Xu Kong’s expression soured, unable to maintain a calm demeanor. Cultivators at his level were rarely offended by insults but his beloved master was included as well.

It was fine for him to be with Heaven Alliance and Celestial Court. After all, he was a heavener.

On the other hand, Immortal Emperor Hao Hai came from the nine worlds and was a part of The People.

He even fought against Celestial Court during Immemorial Epoch War but later on, he unexpectedly joined his former enemies. Thus, he was reviled as a traitorous scum and cursed for generations.

“Timewatcher, choose your words carefully now.” Xu Kong snorted.

“Am I wrong here? The whole world knows about it. Why do you care about insults when you and your master have chosen to become hounds?” Timewatcher sneered.

“Hmph.” Xu Kong ignored him and spoke to Hallowed instead: “Fellow Daoist, come with us. Don’t force us to be rude.”

“Supreme, show yourself if you’re here, don’t hide in your shell like a turtle.” Hallowed laughed.

“Fellow Daoist, I’ve always respected you.” A majestic figure in another location within Duality World answered.

Stars rotated around Supreme’s location. Wondrous phenomena accompanied him - dragons and phoenixes. Despite restraining his power, others still didn’t dare to breathe loudly in his presence.

He was clad in a silver robe and had his hair draped down the front, exuding an air of elegance. He was undoubtedly handsome during his youth. Now, he still possessed an exquisite appearance. The gleam from his eyes could dissect heaven and earth and slay the gods.

Others became startled after he revealed his location.

The old servant and the others became serious after spotting Supreme - a dragon lord looming above conquerors and dao lords.

Rumor has it that he was close to being as strong as Space Dragon Emperor and Ox-dragon Ancestor.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“What an exciting day with everyone here.” Supreme said, finally deciding to act after generations of patience.

The old servant’s eyes narrowed while Li Zhitian didn’t say anything. As for Li Qiye, he continued sipping his tea.

“Fellow Daoist Hallowed, would you like to visit Heaven Alliance for a chat?” Supreme asked.

“No need. If you want my life, come try to take it. You can bring my corpse back to Heaven Alliance if you’re successful.” Hallowed refused.

“You’re making this difficult, Fellow Daoist. You attacked me first and broke the Pact of Blessed.” Supreme said.

“Supreme, you don’t need to put on this act. We all know your ambition and how little you think of the pact. Enough of this pretension, just start the fight.” Timewatcher said.

“Rules are rules. Fellow Daoist Hallowed went to Heaven Alliance first. I believe we and the rest of the world deserve an answer for this transgression.” Supreme did truly have a transcending air about him, commanding respect.

“Take my head and you shall have what you want, infuriating Dao Alliance and igniting the next war.” Hallowed said with a smile.

“You have a vivid imagination regarding the future, Fellow Daoist. I still welcome you to Heaven Alliance if you change your mind.” Supreme shook his head.

“Trying to recruit me is a waste of time.” Hallowed responded.

“Then you will have to excuse my rudeness.” Supreme’s expression became more aggressive while his eyes gleamed menacingly, preparing for battle.

“Supreme, I don’t agree with this.” Another dignified voice joined the conversation.

“Clank!” A boundless sword dao engulfed Duality World, crossing through all three illusory realms.

The creator was a middle-aged man whose step created dao harmonization. Swords manifested into reality and made a path beneath his feet. His pace was meticulous and perfectly identical, resulting in an apogee of laws and orders.

He was none other than Swordsea Dao Lord from Eight Desolaces - another swordsman trained in one of the Nine Finality Sword Dao just like Hallowed Dao Lord.

His Vastsea Sword Dao made him virtually unbeatable on the six continents. He held a high position in Divine Alliance, respected by top cultivators from both sides.

Now, he was the new guardian of Divine Alliance after Principle Conqueror’s abdication.