Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5353: Create A Dream

Some confidently soared through the river using their flying techniques or treasures.

Alas, loud splashes occurred every single time. The specters in the river immediately pulled them down.

Some struggled and tried to break free. In theory, powerful cultivators couldn’t die from drowning but the specters insisted on pulling them to the bottom. Eventually, they disappeared from sight and the struggling stopped.

“So suicidal.” Some dragon lords sneered after seeing the arrogant fools flying to their deaths.

“How do we get by this river?” Xiao Hu was afraid after seeing the first wave of casualties. They were all considerably stronger than him.

“Follow the crowd, you’ll see.” Li Qiye gave him a pointer.

Xiao Hu looked around and saw some famous dragon lords walking along the shore, seemingly looking for something.

He hurriedly followed them upstream as well. It didn’t take long before they stopped before a ferry.

Ancestors and dragon lords departed on boats made of paper thin enough to be poked through with a slight touch.

It didn’t make sense that these paper boats could withstand the violent waves, not to mention the ferocious specters. Nonetheless, floating safely across the river was possible with them.

They came from an old woman sitting on the ferry. Her old dress was tattered, revealing her bark-like skin. In fact, there were roots growing from her feet but they didn’t offer enough support. A walking stick supported her entire body; she would topple over without it.

She had sunken cheeks and her eyes were tiny and listless. One would think that she didn’t have eyes at first glance.

“Dream Matron.” A dragon lord recognized her.

“Hello, little one, come over here, let me read your palm and dream.” She waved and smiled at anyone who came close.

However, her friendly smile still gave off a creepy vibe. Thus, the youth didn’t want to approach.

“You have to let Dream Matron take a look at your palm and dream if you want to cross this river.” A senior told him.

The youth had no choice but to come closer and present his palm. Her empty eyes flashed while taking a look at it.

“Not a bad dream, little one. Do you want to cross? A dream for a paper boat, it will grant you safe passage.” She laughed and said.

The youth hesitated for a moment before nodding and agreeing to the transaction.

Her eyes became as bright as the stars and surprised spectators. Something seemed to be fueling them.

The youth shuddered as if a cold breeze had just passed by. He turned pale but didn’t feel any other adverse effect.

She took a small paper boat out of nowhere and said: “Little one, drop it on the water and it’ll help you cross the river.”

The youth accepted it and followed her direction. Once the miniature boat touched the water, it immediately became rideable. He jumped on it and rode the current to the other side.

“Dream Matron, I wish to trade a dream for a boat.” A one-fruit conqueror came over and requested.

She took a look at his palm and said: “That’s a conqueror for you, capable of creating a dream so quickly. Fine, it’s a deal.”

Her eyes became enchantingly resplendent like the stars once more and made everyone forget about her ugly and frightening features. 

The conqueror felt a breeze blowing by as well after the trade. He obtained a boat and set out on the journey.

“I want a paper boat.” An old ancestor came over and offered his palm for her to read.

She took a look and said: “There’s no dream for the near dead. Go away now.”Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The ancestor turned red and still didn’t give up. He channeled his merit laws and impressive vitality, wanting to create a dream.

“Take a look again.” He requested.

“Stand aside, you’re not strong enough to create a dream.” She shook her head.

The ancestor had no choice but to leave with his head hanging dejectedly. He couldn’t do the same as the conqueror so the only method left was to ride a boat with someone else.

“She’s trading for dreams?” Xiao Hu observed the big shots make the trade.

“For food and nourishment, it’s a good trade.” Li Qiye said.

“What happens to those who trade their dreams?” Xiao Hu asked and didn’t think that it was a big deal.

After all, everyone had plenty of dreams. Conquerors could even create them.

“This varies greatly depending on fortune and strength.” Li Qiye patiently explained: “Some lose their dream and will never dream again while powerful conquerors can create dreams out of thin air.”

“Brat, come over here, let me see your palm in exchange for a boat.” Dream Matron waved her hand since it was Xiao Hu’s turn.

The naive youth listened and came over. However, Li Qiye pulled him back.

“We won’t be able to cross without a paper boat.” Xiao Hu said in confusion.

Of course, he didn’t understand the significance of losing his dream due to his naive innocence.