Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5359: Battle Between Dao Lords

“Rumble!” The conqueror released his three dao fruits. They turned into dao sutras and released immense power.

“Sutra Conqueror cannot beat the ancient gods from the Lin.” A mighty dragon lord commented.

“Boom!” The ancient gods released their totems and worked together in unison to suppress the opponent.

Sutra was strong but couldn’t handle three equally capable foes at the same time. Moreover, these brothers had impeccable teamwork as well.

He was sent flying, vomiting blood before smashing the ninth continent.

“You win.” He didn’t force the issue and jumped off the continent. The dreamwater alone wasn’t worth risking his life and more importantly, this was an unfair fight.

It wasn’t humiliating to accept defeat since there was no pre-existing feud, only a competition for a treasure.

The brothers from the Lin didn’t give chase and maintained their focus on the dreamwater.

“My turn.” A cultivator laughed confidently while leaping through the leaves. His dao lord aura engulfed the entire tree.

It only took him a few seconds to make it through all nine leaves. He possessed a tall and muscular frame, looking like an uncrossable mountain.

He seemed to be carved from jade but not in a feminine manner. His jade-like skin was decorated with bulging muscles brimming with strength. Waves of light emanated from his chest, exuding the highest concentration of power. There seemed to be a wheel of life there, always empowering him with life force.

“Lightgrasp Dao Lord!” Everyone was startled to see him including the three ancient gods from the Lin.

He came from Eight Desolaces and was the last dao lord of Righteous Sect. As a golem, he possessed a jade-like body.

However, instead of it looking lifeless like jade and rock like the rest of his race, he seemed to be brimming with life force.

“Seniors, do you desire the dreamwater as well?” His aura far surpassed the three ancient gods.

The latter’s lifespan was on the verge of running out since they were far older than Lightgrasp Dao Lord.

“Hmm…” They exchanged glances before one spoke: “Indeed, the younger generation will surpass us all.”

They angrily stomped the ground once before decisively jumping off the ninth leaf. They understood that they were outmatched in terms of raw power and vitality.

With them gone, Lightgrasp looked upward at the dreamwater.

“Dao Brother, that is mine.” A sonorous voice sounded and next came a flood of heatwave.

Spectators nearby felt it and had no choice but to back off.

Another figure climbed the leaves with immense speed and the heat of numerous suns. The ground along his path became scorched. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

He landed on the nine leaves and was engulfed in flames. Five unique suns hovered around him; each possessing a different type of fire - golden, blue, draconic…

They rotated continuously and empowered each other, resulting in an everlasting harmonization.

Its master resembled the god of the sun, capable of illuminating and burning the myriad realms.

“Five-sun Dao Lord.” Others recognized him right away - another famous cultivator hailing from Eight Desolaces, the progenitor of Five-sun School.

“Fellow Daoist Five-sun.” Lightgrasp smiled and greeted him: “Shouldn’t you be enjoying your retirement in Divine Alliance instead of making the long journey to Dream Abyss?”

Although he sounded polite, everyone could hear the sarcasm because Five-sun Dao Lord had joined Divine Alliance.

“Fellow Daoist, we’re from Eight Desolaces, we’re not part of The People or The Race. It’s just a personal choice deciding which alliance to join.” Five-sun smiled in response.

Cultivators from Eight Desolaces didn’t carry the same burden as those from the six continents. The latter’s affiliation was often decided at birth.

If they were born in a household of The People, they must join The People later on lest they want to be reviled as traitors. The same couldn’t be said for those from Eight Desolaces. At worst, they would only risk animosity and a few negative comments here and there.

“Sure.” Five-sun Dao Lord merely made a casual remark and didn’t think much of it.

“Regardless of our affiliation, I’m afraid a battle between us is inevitable.” Five-sun Dao Lord said.