Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5440: Galaxy Tree

The upper continents had four alliances and three other great powers - Lesser Firmament, Azure Peak, and Pure Land.

Lesser Firmament didn’t interact with the world, rumored to be the home of ancient emperors and monarchs.

Pure Land was another ancient lineage - a kingdom of Buddhism.

Azure Peak was the newest among the three lineages, created by Azure Ancestor as a place for the sky spirits. It had stood strong for eras, not falling to any of the great wars.

Two main factors played into its survival - its neutrality and the immense strength of Azure Ancestor. Anyone in the upper continents would have to think really carefully before maneuvering against Azure Peak.

Azure Ancestor came from Eight Desolaces. According to historical texts, the sky spirits only became a race after the ancestor’s appearance. The coming of a new race signaled a change in the world.

Of course, the ancestor didn’t create this race, only the first of its kind. The ancestor went on to become the first dao lord of the race as well, eventually excelling enough to be considered one of the ten greatest dao lords.

The ancestor became even stronger after reaching the upper continents, being considered superior to All-things and Supreme, perhaps even Apricot Dao Lord.

However, after the foundation of Azure Peak, the ancestor never appeared again. Thus, the apex cultivators had no idea of the ancestor’s true power; they didn’t wish to have an unnecessary confrontation.

In history, the four alliances had attempted to recruit Azure Peak only to fail. The only case of success was Swordsky Dao Lord joining Dao Alliance alone.

Everyone understood that the balance would break if Azure Peak were to change its neutral stance.

It had no political agenda or ideology, only serving as the home for the sky spirits. This was a fundamental difference between Azure Peak and the four alliances.

Li Qiye and the woman appeared above Azure Peak and looked down to see a land brimming with majestic life force. They saw excitement and endless possibilities with a new race.

A towering tree caught their attention next; its branches and leaves encompassed the entire peak.

Others called it Azure but its real name was Galaxy. Even the stars rotated beneath its incalculable height. It became its own world with mountains and rivers; waterfalls cascaded thunderously down from the top.

Buildings and palaces were built on the branches by the sky spirits. White cranes soared in the air while large beasts roamed the branches.

Some believed that the tree was planted by Azure Ancestor for the sake of creating a home. However, others believed that the tree was actually older than the ancestor and was transplanted from outer space. A third account stated that the tree has been here all along, albeit in a dormant and sealed state.

The actual history no longer mattered since now, it belonged to the sky spirits alone. As long as the tree was still around, so would Azure Peak. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

“A good place, so much life force.” Li Qiye nodded approvingly after taking a look at the magnificent scenery.

“There are peerless alchemy medicines here.” The woman said softly.

Alchemy Dao was known to have the highest quantity of alchemy fields and materials. However, for the best and oldest ones, dao lords and conquerors would have to come to Azure Peak.