Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5562: Deities In The Mortal Realm

As the core of Momentous Frontier, the tablet was hidden and protected by numerous barriers and seals.

The first ones were erected by the founders and the new ones were created by Momentous Dao. Thus, this place was impregnable even for top cultivators.

Unfortunately, Bones himself was subjected to the pressure.

“The tablet is no longer under our control, we are actively stopping it now and the roles might reverse soon.” Bones said with a wry smile, having a hard time withstanding the aura.

Previously, a founder such as himself would be welcomed in this secret location. Now, all the barriers acted against him.

“Let me lead.” Li Qiye shook his head and activated a grand dao beneath his feet. It pulsed and slowly spread in all directions.

Bones could only activate faint strands of Momentous Dao at this point. The latter had become an uncontrollable monster to him and their harmonization waned with time.

As a founder, he once was able to harmonize with the dao laws in Momentous Frontier. Each strand of light and dao represented the prayers of the inhabitants.

Unfortunately, many sections have been infected by the gray aura. The latter resembled a creeping vine, gradually coiling around the dao laws even if it couldn’t take over them completely right now.

Nonetheless, Li Qiye was able to activate all the light strands.

“Buzz.” The dao resonated with his step, resulting in a majestic power pushing the gray aura back to the tablet.

The group finally made it to their destination where a stone tablet pierced the sky vault. It seemed to be the pillar and source of the world. It was as dark as ink from top to bottom, completely natural in its exterior.Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Ancient and inscrutable runes covered the surface. Even the most knowledgeable cultivators couldn't read them. Upon closer inspection, they were there from the start - created by the world, not men.

Many in history had the fortune and pleasure of reading the runes. They came across the tablet by chance before deriving and transforming the runes, eventually culminating in its current form - a supreme grand dao.

Of course, ordinary cultivators couldn’t notice these transformations, only those at the emperor level and it would take ample time.

Now, a gray aura attached itself firmly to the tablet, seeming to grow roots. The strands previously resembled mist and fog but due to the high concentration found here, they looked more like tentacles attempting to invade the tablet.

Meanwhile, top cultivators in the meditative pose sat around the tablet. They used all of their might to control Momentous Dao, preventing the gray aura’s invasion. They were as impressive as can be; their auras could sweep away mountains and oceans.

Qin Baifeng took a look at the unique cultivator, whether it be in terms of appearance or cultivation dao.

Two among them towered over all dragon lords. Their auras were profound and dignified while their chaos true energy had a primordial presence. She suddenly felt as if the power of all dragon lords and sacred fruits stemmed from them.

She lost all confidence while staring at their swaying sacred trees. Her fruits wanted to leave her body and attach themselves to the branches.

Another cultivator, most likely an emperor or monarch, was as mysterious as can be while being shrouded in a black robe. His enigmatic aura was in a constant cycle as if signaling his undying nature.

The fourth might be old but his vitality and lifespan remained exuberant. Three thousand primal worlds and countless inhabitants grew within him.

Next was a man with endless demonic energy - the overlord of all demons and beasts in history. This branch had no choice but to accept his dominion over them.

She started matching them to legendary figures. The two dragon lords resembling the source of a grand dao must be Space Dragon Emperor and Ox-dragon Ancestor.

The old man brimming with life was none other than the Deity of Harvest - Immortal Emperor Di Yu.

As for the supreme demonic figure - he must be the Deity of Livestock, Immortal Emperor Yu Shou.