Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5600: Till Death

“Well said, it is fate and karma indeed.” The group looked at each other and couldn’t help but smile.

They should be mentally prepared for this end given their bloodstained acts in the past. What regrets could there be in dying on the battlefield? None could escape death at the end of the day.

“Good, let’s pledge with our blood then, fight to the death!” Someone suggested this in high spirits.

“Fight to the death!” The others wasted no time and pledged with a smile.

There was a sense of satisfaction because at the end of their dao path, they still had other like-minded companions.

They cut their palm and dripped the blood into cups. They filled it with wine next and drank heartily in unison, finishing in one gulp.

“Now this feels good!” They enjoyed what could be their last moment in this world.

“Congratulations, a cause for joy.” War Ancient God had finished sealing the entire region. Breaking through space to escape became impossible.

They might have had a chance to run earlier by scattering in all directions. It was too late for everyone but Luminous Conqueror.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

He was strong enough to find a weak point in the seal and break through. None would be able to catch and capture him in time. However, he had no intention of running this time, wanting to defend his home to the very end.

“Looks like everyone is determined to fight until death.” War hovered in the air with armies behind him.

They had the perfect conditions while Luminous and his allies were trapped dogs.

“Till death.” Luminous laughed heartily, still possessing a heroic spirit in this perilous moment.

His momentum was undiminished, not faltering before War Ancient God’s imperious presence. His light still illuminated Dao City.

“We don’t deserve Luminous Conqueror.” Inhabitants and mortals in Dao City were moved by this sight.

Although they were forced into submission and imprisoned by the light of Celestial Court, it didn’t mean eternal damnation. The People had suffered darker days in the past and persevered. There was still hope for the future.

“Dao Brother, your tenacity is commendable. Your power is just as brilliant but unfortunately, you all are isolated. This is a futile endeavor, eggs against rocks.” War clapped and said.

“Not necessarily, who will be able to kill me in the absence of Heaven Burial and the others?” Luminous declared in a dominating fashion.

This wasn’t an arrogant declaration. Killing an apex cultivator such as himself was far from easy.

“Don’t worry about that, our reinforcement will come in due time. The same can’t be said about you, no help is coming from Imperial Field or the immortal city. You are abandoned.” War answered.

This struck a chord in Luminous’ group heart. Celestial Court had more than just these armies. Heaven Burial and Light-dragon Conqueror might also appear.

These two in addition to War Ancient God would be enough to kill Luminous Conqueror and the rest of them.

“Why fight for Immortal Dao City when they care not for you?” War continued with dagger-like words.

Six-finger, Skyspliter, and Jadesword were certainly powerful. The world would view them as unbeatable.

Alas, they weren’t eligible to join Immortal Dao City. Only Luminous had the qualifications among them. Did Luminous stay behind on his own accord or was he left out?

It was simply unexpected - the pillar of Immortal Dao City suddenly closed its gates without further communication or explanation.

Everyone believed that as long as the immortal city was around, The People would continue to stand strong. This was proven after Skysplitter War.

Perhaps only Luminous Conqueror had the answer. Alas, he didn’t divulge any information.

His allies did feel wronged by the abandonment, especially its inactivity while they were surrounded by Celestial Court.

“Although Immortal Dao City has chosen to abandon you all, Celestial Court’s gate is always open. Join us and be basked in the light.” War said with a smile, extending a tempting invitation.

“Hahaha!” Immortal Emperor Yao Guang laughed and shook his head: “I’ve roamed the world and experienced the eras, never had I begged Celestial Court for mercy during our countless battles. Immortal Emperors are not immortal, so what if I die today?”

His heartfelt words stirred his allies.