Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5604: Harvest

Imperial weapons devastated the sky, imprinting their dao upon space and time. The celestials and myriad living beings became overshadowed by their radiance, at risk of being obliterated.

Devastation aside, the battlefield appeared magnificent as the commanders utilized their strongest defensive technique or even went on the offensive.

A Grand Emperor released countless dao laws. Another Immortal Monarch had a tri-color azure floating above him. One conqueror summoned curtains of swords...

“Pluff! Pluff! Pluff!” Reaping sounds echoed across the battlefield as the loops swept through the armies.

The troops were clad in resplendent armor infused with the blessing of Celestial Court. However, these defensive measures couldn’t prevent the loops from decapitating them.

When their heads flew up, they still witnessed the whole ordeal from the reflection on the loops.

The sharpness instantly severed their head so they didn’t feel a single discomfort or pain. Their body was still running, unaware of the changes.

They didn’t get far before blood gushed from the severed necks and sprayed high into the air like a fountain and bloomed beautifully like a flower spreading its petals.

“Plop!” The bodies struck the ground first, then the heads tumbled next to the corpses.

The commanders and soldiers finally realized their death at this point. Their eyes opened wide with horror, prompting them to scream. Their mouth opened but sounds didn’t come out.

The carnage resulted in the death of millions. Corpses and blood covered the ground.

Meanwhile, the loops still destroyed all defensive measures from the emperors and monarchs. Sword dao and azures were cut down by the loops as if they were tofu blocks.

“Ahh!” Even these top cultivators fell victim to decapitation.

Nonetheless, some managed to delay the process for a few seconds, unlike the rest of the armies who didn’t even react.

They had never experienced something so frightening before. Some were veterans of Immemorial Epoch War and others. They witnessed the greatest emperors in action but nothing was this ridiculous.

The loops simply bypassed everything they had in their arsenal. Their physical toughness didn’t delay the slash either. Nonetheless, they should find solace in having the chance to scream.

The loops didn’t stop at their neck and also severed their supreme dao and dao fruits. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The light of Celestial Court engulfed those who still had remnants of life left - primarily those who had reached anima. It carried their true fate away from the battlefield, essentially saving them. As for the others, coming back to life was virtually impossible due to the damage suffered.

Luminous and the others were astounded to see the death of so many top cultivators. They had just fought the armies earlier and knew how strong these formations were, especially the imperial commanders. This military force could sweep through the world.

Now, only a selected number of the strongest members were lucky enough to be saved by Celestial Court. Calling this an absolute defeat was not an exaggeration.

Most importantly, an unknown entity killed them - the cloud being split into countless light loops.

Astonishment and shock were inevitable. Luminous himself wouldn’t be able to forget this scene, let alone the others.

Many would wake up in the middle of the night due to having nightmares of this massacre. Imperial-level cultivators were slain like insects so this could happen to any of them - the feeling of helplessness was overwhelming.