Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5606: One With Home

“Why aren’t you running?” Li Qiye asked; his very existence instilled fear into apex cultivators.0

“Sacred Teacher, what is your message?” War Ancient God took a deep breath and stood proudly.12

Others couldn’t help but respect him for keeping this proper demeanor. He was indeed courageous, daring to face his fear and death.0

“Very well.” Li Qiye smiled and said.0

“Sacred Teacher, I am listening.” War said humbly.0

Few were worthy of being shown this level of reverence from him. Li Qiye was one of them.0

“Tell the old geezers in Celestial Court that not long from now, I will be visiting. It is time for this heavenly treasure to have a new master.” Li Qiye said.0

“Sacred Teacher, I will deliver the message.” War took a deep breath and bowed.0

“Go, just remember that you won’t be so lucky the next time.” Li Qiye said.0

War was shaken and saw a vision of his death in the future. Nonetheless, he regained his composure and said: “Sacred Teacher, since you returned in this generation, I’m positive that you are sufficiently prepared and we will lose. Nonetheless, I am a member of Celestial Court and I will fight for it is my home. As long as I am around, so will Celestial Court. If it is destroyed, so will I.” 12

He spoke powerfully and each word imprinted into the ground like a mantra. Nothing could change his mind.0

Listeners on The People’s side became emotional and respected the opponent. Although War had led armies to destroy their home, his courage left no room for criticism.0

Everyone could tell that the ordinary man standing before them was a supreme overlord - a monstrous existence. Emperors and gods couldn’t block a single move.0

War knew exactly who he was talking to yet he won against his fear. 0

“So be it, you will have the opportunity to die for your aspiration.” Li Qiye smilingly nodded.2

“I will keep this in mind, Sacred Teacher.” War bowed again.0

“Leave.” Li Qiye waved his hand.0

War soared into the horizon and disappeared from sight. Everyone else watched his departing figure and contemplated the result of the invasion.0

This should have been an easy victory given Immortal Dao City’s inactivity. Luminous and the others stood no chance against their empowered forces.0

Celestial Court knew this and thought that it would be easy to kill Luminous and take over Dao City. Afterward, they would cautiously find out more information regarding Immortal Dao City. With that, they might end The People’s haven on top of possessing two heavenly treasures.12

The strategists never expected Li Qiye’s appearance, resulting in this terrible defeat.2

“Yes!” A big shot shouted in excitement: “We can come back to Dao City.0

“You’re right!” Joy spread across the crowd who had just lost their home earlier and became stray dogs.0Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Sacred Teacher, thank you for saving all of us.” Immortal Emperor Yao Guang prostrated.0

“Sacred Teacher, thank you for saving us!” Others prostrated to show respect.0

Luminous, given his position, hesitated for a moment. After a few seconds, he prostrated as well.6

Inhabitants of Dao City, the emperors and conquerors included, believed that Li Qiye was worthy of this treatment due to his power and feats.0

He stared at the prostrating crowd for a moment before suddenly turning his head in a particular direction.0

“Whoosh!” He disappeared, leaving the crowd confused.0

They didn’t know what was going on but attributed it to the eccentric nature of supreme existences. They were often alone and couldn’t be judged with conventional wisdom.6

“We’re taking back Dao City. We will start from the beginning again, working together toward prosperity once more.” Luminous told everyone else.0

“Our blood oath rings true, we are brothers now.” Skysplitter Conqueror laughed and said: “Let us rebuild Dao City for The People.”0

“Very well, let’s return together.” The other emperors and conquerors’ morale was high.0

Before this, they focused on their own sect and kingdom. After the near-death experience today and the blood oath, their relationship became closer. They were determined to rebuild Dao City even without the help of the heavenly treasure.0

Finally, cultivators withdrew from Momentous Frontier. The deserved serenity returned to this area.0

As they left, Luminous cast a deep gaze at Momentous Frontier again.11

Favorite