Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5627: Twelve Gods And Devils

Amidst her confusion, he took one step forward and appeared before her, reaching forward with one hand.1

She tried to retreat but it was too late. His hand delved into her body as if she was made from liquid. Ripples unexpectedly appeared like the undulations seen on the surface of a lake.0

She lost control of her body and felt her immortal bone being grasped by him. He seemed like a magnet with infinite magnetic force while her immortal bone was metallic. The adherence immobilized and left her with a bizarre feeling. 2

She had a strong connection with the bone since birth. As she grew up, she continued to research and cultivate the bone. It served as a crucial part of her identity and cultivation, allowing her to control it at will.0

Now, she had the illusion that the immortal bone was no longer hers.0

“Boom!” She suddenly became resplendent with an eruption of imperial aura.0

Majestic figures appeared above her - a total of twelve; six to the left and six to the right. Divine flames and malicious intent engulfed the region.0

Six gods and six devils, seemingly born with the world itself. Their chaos true energy was pure, granting them a primal and supreme power. Their auras continued to increase until reaching the limit.0

One god had the holiest light in the world in the shape of thirty-six wings. Each particle could purify darkness and filths. Others couldn’t help wanting to convert after being exposed to this light.0

Another god possessed a golden frame and aura. Waves of light emanated throughout the realms. It looked like an indestructible vajra warrior of Buddha, impervious to all attacks.0Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

The third had a river of time flowing beneath its feet. It gave the impression of being constant whether it be during the past, present, or the future. Great changes might occur but this being would always be the same for it had dominion over time itself.0

… [1]9

The devils were frightening as well. One seemed to be an amalgamation of countless dimensions. Staring at it was the same as being lost in the void. Even a planet was as small as a speck of dust, let alone cultivators.0

Another had the same size as its peers but for some unknown reasons, everyone felt that it was a thousand times larger than the others. The world had a hard time enduring its existence, crumbling beneath its weight. Just staring at it left spectators with a sharp pain in their chest.1

“Don’t look at it!” An emperor warned the juniors from looking at the third devil.0

This one had a mystical presence, capable of devouring souls from those looking at it. The weak unable to snap out of the moment would turn into a mindless husk.0

…2

These twelve beings loomed above the immortal continent, looking superior to emperors and monarchs. They seemed capable of crushing everything including the eternal Celestial Court.0

Everyone below was at a loss for words. They thought that twelve apex cultivators loomed above. Each was as strong as Titanic Conqueror and possessed a unique ability.0

Titanic was astounded as well. She knew that these were the twelve images of her immortal bone.0

She learned about the existence of the twelve beings after ample research. She could also utilize their ability, especially with the empowerment of her primordial fruit.0

However, Li Qiye somehow activated all twelve images at the same time - something she had never managed to do.0

Three was her limit and that was enough to defeat just about anyone. She thought that activating all twelve was not possible within her lifetime.0

Putting the shock aside, she also felt something familiar and intimate with Li Qiye. She then understood why she had been dreaming of him all this time.