Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5648: Flawed Blades

The sky collapsed and spatial fabrics shattered. No affinities and laws were left untouched due to the successive strikes...

Finally, the terrible conflict ended with the severing of the great hand. The primordial tree and an endless source of power took down the supreme overlord.

After the final move, a gigantic bone resembling a prison crashed downward and suppressed everything. Silence ensued next on the ravaged land.

“A reversal of the body.” Li Qiye let out a sigh and said after witnessing the conclusion of the battle.

He became aware of everything after the calculations, deciding to delve deeper into the area.

Along the way, he noticed something peculiar and stopped - choosing to jump into an abyss connecting to the core of a crumbling continent.

Within was an immensely large canyon. Its size could only be seen after entering. Within were countless swords pinned to the ground; each exuded a terrifying energy. They were pinned in varying angles and depths, seemingly having rained from the sky.

Alternatively, a master swordsman could have discarded his swords here as well, causing them to accumulate over time.

Upon closer inspection, they all had flaws and incompletions. One was only halfway forged, just taking on the shape of a blade before being thrust into this place.

Another was finished but not sharpened. One more had a finished process but the creator didn’t seem to be pleased, deciding to break it into two halves.

With this new information, the sword rain theory didn’t hold up as well as this being the place for failed products.

This inadvertently created a vast sword aura. Each blade already emitted a formidable and chilling aura. However, their resonation with each other made this frightening. All of them came from the same cauldron and creator. Thus, their grand dao was in harmony due to the profound connection.

Although they were considered failed products by the creator, any of them would be considered a divine sword if found in the outside world.

What attracted Li Qiye’s attention was neither the quality of the blade nor the formation. He focused on their harmonization and connection.

Unable to reach perfection and abandoned, the swords sensed each other spiritually. The formation would reach an incomparable height if they were to achieve a perfect union.

“Clank! Clank! Clank!” He heard metallic clankings deeper into the valley. Each had a unique rhythm, seemingly infusing the grand dao into metal. Anyone would be able to tell that a wondrous creation was being crafted.

During his stroll, the swords sensed the outsider and released their energy. Each ray could cut through gods and sever the stars.

This made it virtually impossible for even emperors and monarchs to cross through.

As for Li Qiye, he could have destroyed the formation or used his aura to stop the attacks. However, he chose a different approach, waving his hand and creating spiritual spring breezes.

They comforted the swords, seemingly smoothing out their deficiencies and imperfections. This was akin to a crippled person with scars and missing limbs no longer feeling pain.

Thus, they became tranquil and stopped releasing their energy. The rays and auras aiming to strike Li Qiye dissipated into nothingness.

He smiled and continued to cross the valley, eventually reaching an underground world with mountains and forests. This seemed to be a whole other domain.

There existed a cliff with lava flowing downward. The source was a mysterious subterranean flame with a pronounced texture resembling glass and crystal. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

It seemed to possess a physical frame somehow and wielded a power existing during time immemorial. Any alchemist would be shocked to see this type of earth flame.

“Clank! Clank! Clank!” The noises came from this place - a woman hammered her hammer repeatedly. Each strike resonated thunderously with a grand dao.

She looked around thirty and wore plain clothes. She had a tall stature without being burly. There was grace in her mighty physique.

She was quite attractive, albeit not exceptionally stunning. Nonetheless, her features were accentuated by the shine of the forge’s flame and sunlight.

Powerful yet still graceful - an impeccable combination to be admired.

Her hair was tied up high with a few strands falling onto her face damp with sweat. She was capable of making strenuous labor look like art. Her grace and bright disposition made her endlessly captivating.