Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5655: Die As A Mortal

“Fellow Daoist, your recklessness will be your downfall.” Violet Abyss shook her head.

“Hahaha, I lose nothing because death comes for all.” War God was open-minded about this issue.

He bowed again and said: “Thank you for saving my life. I won’t trouble you any longer and will be leaving.”

He took one step and disappeared in the blink of an eye. This was a decisive cultivator who followed his heart without any hesitation. His approach to combat reflected the same decisiveness.

“He’ll die on the battlefield.” She couldn’t help but sigh.

“This is one of the outcomes of the dao path.” Li Qiye smiled.

“Right, I wonder what my dao outcome will be.” She pondered for a bit before responding.

War God had a clear goal regarding his demise. She naturally didn’t want the same thing but didn’t have an alternative.

“Sacred Teacher, how would you like to die?” She asked.

“Like a mortal.” He answered without thinking.

“Like a mortal?” She was surprised to hear this: “But how? We can’t die like them.”

They stood at the apex looking down on ant-like mortals. A lifetime below was but a speck of dust. Moreover, given their status and power, they preferred to go out in a more dignified and majestic manner.

“Do you not think about immortality, Sacred Teacher?” She asked again, thinking that Li Qiye might be the most likely existence to reach this level.

He had better odds than any emperor or dao lord yet he sought a mortal’s demise?

“Living forever in this world is torture, no less than a curse.” He gazed at the distance and said.

“How is it a curse?” She murmured.

“What will you do if you have an everlasting life?” He asked.

“I will proceed with the dao.” She said.

“Your dao will have been completed by that point. Your sword and dao will be at the pinnacle.” He said.

“That’s true.” She contemplated the issue. To reach everlasting life meant to have her dao finished. What would be the next goal? Was there another worthy pursuit?

“Death is difficult to seek once you’re that far with the dao.” He said. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“I am a mere rising sun, just surfacing and beginning on the dao path.” She said with humility and a tinge of embarrassment.

“You must enjoy the process, it is joyful and fulfilling. Savor it.” He said.

“I will keep this in mind.” She nodded.

“To have a dao pursuit is a fortune in and of itself.” He said before started walking away.

“Sacred Teacher, when should I return the sword?” She called out.

“When you are ready to craft your own.” He smiled.

She agreed with this logic before thinking about something else and shouting: “Sacred Teacher! Senior South Emperor is also on the battlefield.”

“What is he doing?” He stopped and turned around.

“I don’t know the specifics, but the senior talked about the death of the visitor, how something fell down, one of only two in existence.” She tilted her head before shaking it.

“One of two?” Li Qiye’s eyes narrowed.

“The senior didn’t elaborate but seemed insistent on finding it, having found some clues.” She said.

“Very well, I’ll go take a look then.” Li Qiye smiled and disappeared.

She bowed in his direction several times before letting out a soft sigh and returning to her forge.

***

Li Qiye had a good idea of what South Emperor was searching for.

The ancient battlefield was massive, encompassing the space above where the hand descended from.

Finding one thing among the broken stars was rather difficult even for emperors and monarchs. Li Qiye, on the other hand, had a better starting point since he knew the thing.

He traversed dimensions before reaching a dark area. This was not dark as in dark versus light; it simply had no affinity.

Light just couldn’t come here or was devoured instantly, resulting in this darkness. One would feel that there was no path ahead. Not even heavenly gazes could see through, making it appear rather dangerous.

However, there was a radiant being looming within, allowing others to observe from a distance.

Many big shots waited outside - all as famous as could be. Several imperial-level characters could be seen.

“Boom!” The being had rays sweeping outward, wanting to illuminate the entire dark expanse.

Alas, this apex conqueror still couldn’t do so. Some unknown power immediately limited his erupting rays.

This scene was like a pile of firewood suddenly blazing with surging flames and then out of nowhere, a strong gust suppressed the flourishing flames with haste.

“Rumble!” He was powerful beyond imagination and fought back against the unknown suppression. His imperial rays intensified again after being weakened. They couldn’t be extinguished entirely; even a spark would expand again for an eternity.

He wore a set of armor made from unknown divine metal. Alas, it looked worn down with arrow and spear marks, having experienced countless battles and endured numerous strikes from mighty weapons.