Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5658: Sacred Teacher, Help Me!

The black spear returned to the kelp man after taking down a dao lord with haste. The kelp man seemed to be berserk, transforming into a gigantic devil.

He started swinging his weapon wildly yet showcasing moves that transcend the supreme dao - an ultimate combination of both physical prowess and profound wisdom.

As the weapon danced, it stirred the cycle of reincarnation and controlled the flow of yin and yang. The six paths followed its lead along with the karmic cycles. He looked unbeatable in this state.

“Rumble!” Eventually, the six continents became affected by his martial dance. Of course, his target, Resolute Conqueror, faced the brunt of the assault.

Nonetheless, he remained composed for he was no stranger to tough battles. Each step backward meant creating another mighty barrier capable of sealing the world.

Alas, his battle prowess and determination proved to be unuseful today. The raging devil crushed through his defenses and eventually, even the image of Celestial Court was obliterated to everyone’s dismay.

“Boom!” Resolute was finally struck and sent flying while vomiting blood.

Everyone sensed an intense pain as if their body was being shattered. They realized just how terrifying this berserking cultivator was. An apex cultivator such as Resolute could only be on the defensive.

After spitting a mouthful of blood, Resolute no longer had the will to fight and escaped through space.

“Raa!” The giant was furious and tried to chase. Alas, he couldn’t leave the dark expanse and was pulled back by what seemed to be an invisible hand.

“Raa!” This only made him crazier. He opened his mouth and started sucking in everyone within a ten-million-mile radius.

Broken continents, stars, and cultivators who were still too close were swallowed and devoured. The latter couldn’t stop the suction force despite unleashing their full power.

“Run!” Emperors and monarchs reacted quickly and severed the devouring force, allowing them to flee in time.

Alas, some weaker cultivators including dao lords lost control of their body and were pulled toward the monster.

“I’m finished!” Some of them screamed in horror, knowing that they were about to become delicious meals.

“Shut your mouth.” A stern voice echoed and a figure soared through space, entering the dark expanse.

Who else could it be but Li Qiye?

After one step inside, he slapped the monster without holding back. This had enough force to obliterate the jaws of a god.

The gigantic jaws snapped close and the devouring force came to a halt. The big shots were scared out of their mind and immediately ran far away.

They were covered in cold sweats, not wanting to linger near the monster for a single second longer.

“Raa!” The monster opened its mouth again, wanting to devour Li Qiye.

He sneered and pressed down with his palm, suppressing the firmaments. With a resounding bang, the monster’s head was pushed down and its mouth sealed shut again.

“Rumble!” The enraged monster started shrinking in size, unable to handle the pressure despite its empowered state.

It kept on being pushed into the dark and endless expanse. Darkness pervaded everything beneath; one wouldn’t be able to see their own hand.

It was impossible to determine one’s location in this profound darkness or recognize the forces behind it. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Fortunately, this was not the malevolent darkness. It had no affinity at all and was not corrupted. This seemed to be the manifestation of a particular power.

The monster became the kelp man again who lunged upward, pulling time and space with it. All the dao in the world crumbled before his might. This was the purest form of power - not needing technique or the dao while being able to crush emperors and monarchs.

Li Qiye’s eyes narrowed as he raised his foot to deliver a powerful whip-like kick. The kelp man couldn’t handle his power and was sent back to the dark surface, spraying blood wildly.

Nonetheless, he was still in a frenzy so Li Qiye stomped on his chest.

He screamed and roared, wanting to get out of the suppression. Alas, it felt like the weight of countless worlds. This affected the dark power infused within him as well.

With this power sealed, his eyes became lucid again.

“Sacred Teacher, help me!” He was ecstatic after seeing Li Qiye.

“Look at the abomination that you have become.” Li Qiye stared at him disapprovingly before channeling primordial light into his palm.

“Buzz...” Needle-like rays started piercing the man’s body, turning him into a hedgehog and rendering him unconscious.