Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5672: I’ll Come

The spear was forged with primordial laws and contained the affinity’s power. It looked like chaos yet made with order in mind.

When the laws intertwined and aligned perfectly, the spear served as a primordial chapter. Alas, it was not something one could fully comprehend at a glance.

It was a seamless whole with unparalleled harmony between each law, achieving perfect integration with her mind as well. Because of it, the latter seemed to have existed since the start of the world, resembling an eternal source. Even if she were to be obliterated, the spear would remain.

She understood its significance and found herself to be a new being - one capable of seeing the primordial chaos.

“Young Noble...” She tried to stand up after regaining her wits.

“Rest well.” He rubbed her forehead and covered her in primordial light, washing her pain away and giving her a feeling of ascension.

“A return to simplicity will allow you to break through.” He released her and said.

“I will try my best to live up to your expectations, Young Noble.” She said.

“You are free to rest.” He stroked her hair and let out a sigh.

“I wish to follow you.” She said without any hesitation.

“The pain today is only the beginning if you continue, the future will not be as bright as you envision either, you know of the dangers.” He gazed at her.

“Your warnings do not fall on deaf ears, Young Noble, but I have followed you through tribulations and I shall do so now.” She responded.

He had nothing to say after hearing this and smiled: “Fine, the tale of the blood spear ends here and the future shall witness primordial.”

“I can do it.” She said confidently.

The two hugged in silence since words were no longer necessary. A second lasted an eternity.

“Go, Young Noble.” She left his embrace and stood proudly. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

He nodded and walked over to the gateway. This appeared to be the end of this world - there was nothing to see.

He raised his hand and commanded primordial strands to enter this empty void. Space began unfolding like an unrolled scroll. The strands served as ink and diffused into the void, intricately depicting the natural mysteries of the cosmos.

This summoned a primordial tree; its very existence distorted realities, allowing passage to an unreachable world.

He entered while Zi Cuining bowed in his direction instead of following him. This new expanse fused with Li Qiye; the two sank like a boulder disappearing into the ocean. Everything evaporated as if it had never existed, leaving behind Cuining.

She stood there like a statue, preparing to greet unwanted visitors with a spear thrust to the throat.

***

Li Qiye visited the crystalline world and saw everything unfolding before his eyes.

“Clank!” An ocean of sword and saber intents immediately attacked, capable of drowning anyone before they could react. Its destructive potential could pierce through worlds and crush planets.

Li Qiye withstood this aura and saw a sword and saber looming above. Both could cut through the ages and decapitate emperors.

Most notable was their harmonious combination. The saber was the sword and vice versa. One couldn’t spot any imperfection in their fusion.

The sudden onslaught was overwhelming but a hand wave from Li Qiye was enough to stop it.

“Boom!” He raised one foot and caused the dao to explode. Primordial energy appeared beneath as he stomped on the ocean, fully suppressing it.

“Clank!” Two illusory figures appeared afterward.

“Can’t find a better duo than you two when it comes to sword and saber teamwork.” Li Qiye smiled.

“Young Master!” The two were ecstatic to hear his voice.

“Don’t move, I’ll come instead.” He took one step and crossed through the ocean of lethal intents.

He then saw a dazzling temporal river. Time seemed to have come to a stop there. It didn’t matter what happened outside, everything within this river would stay the same. It allowed for living beings within to live forever as well.

As he traveled to the source of the river, he saw a wheel of time. Its rotation was the reason for this unique situation.

Many figures stood near the wheel. Among them were four women wearing yellow, red, blue, and white garments with a mask of corresponding color.