Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5785: Sweeping Through Three Thousand Emperors And The Thirteen Continents

“Initiate the mech.” Light-dragon and Heaven Burial exchanged glances before leaping into the air.

The mech appeared alive but it still required pilots to exert its true power. A single apex cultivator was not enough to control it. Doing so forcefully could result in being crushed by the mech.

Therefore, Celestial Court’s members leaped into the air, wanting to work together to make this possible.

They released the power of Elder Galaxy, preferring to use the power of the grand-completion paragon artifact instead. Too many people were using Elder Galaxy so the pool became limited for them.

“Wait, wait.” A youth appeared out of nowhere and waved his hand, blocking their path.

He wore a plain robe without any adornment, turning somewhat white from being washed too many times - a sign of poverty.

He had no aura either yet he still captivated everyone’s attention. Emperors and gods stopped in their tracks after seeing him.

He possessed a unique charm that left a profound impression on people to the extent that one would never be able to forget him.

Where he stood became the high heaven despite a lack of grandeur and flashiness. No one else had this presence, not the brilliant Sword Emperor, the unbeatable World Emperor, or the transcending Immortal Emperor Fan Chen.

None in history possessed something similar, not the supreme overlords either. His appearance evoked endless awe and gasps.

They understood that he was superior and could instantly eradicate them. Fear became the first reaction because his presence was innate - not something cultivated after birth.

A presence mirroring the high heaven itself - the one and only Immortal Emperor Jiao Heng.

“Immortal Emperor Jiao Heng!” Everyone became startled.

This historical figure came from the nine worlds, dominating every realm he set foot upon.

During Skysplitter, Celestial Court couldn’t take down Immortal Dao City. In fact, a counterattack left them in a perilous situation.

They had to invite Jiao Heng who successfully forced an alliance led by Bu Zhan, Fei Yang, and Mortal Reversion back to Immortal Dao City.

Purewood Divine Emperor had to appear and convince him to stop, allowing The People to rest. Nevertheless, Jiao Heng’s brilliance left an indelible mark on all combatants.

He stopped appearing afterward, rumored to still be staying in Celestial Court. His status as a guest was unique; he answered to no one. Not even the three immortals and the founder could command him.

It was said that when he first arrived at Celestial Court, the founder himself came to greet him. The only other person to enjoy such privilege was Duality Master later on.

No one had an answer as to why Jiao Heng wanted to become a guest member at Celestial Court.

It was different from the other apex cultivators. They had their desires and pursuits, hence joining and working for Celestial Court.

Jiao Heng wanted nothing as if this was just a whimsical choice. Nevertheless, the founder took this very seriously and lamented not meeting him sooner in life, going as far as becoming sworn brothers.

Of course, these were mere rumors since people couldn’t ask for verification from Jiao Heng or the founder of Celestial Court.

Ultimately, The People and anyone from the nine worlds found Jiao Heng’s choice regrettable. After all, he was one of the strongest Immortal Emperors. The majority of Immortal Emperors chose to join the People and considered Celestial Court as the enemy.

His presence today surprised everyone since this could change everything. The mighty Demon Conqueror and World Emperor looked as serious as could be.Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates