Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5871: A Conclusion Today

“No!!!” Epoch’s End blocked with his six epochs but this amounted to nothing.

“Whoosh!” The primordial slash cut him down like tofu after the six epochs.

The physique created was beyond the physical level, created by the heavenly treasure twisting time itself. Nevertheless, the slash still severed Epoch’s End into two halves.

“Boom!” The accumulated powers detonated and spread outward, catching all of the overlords. It blasted them flying and obliterated their flesh.

“Ahhh!” They screamed in agony before smashing into stars and laying in oceans of blood.

“Yes!” Spectators behind the mirror couldn’t help but celebrate.

“Nooo!” The three immortals didn’t share the same sentiment, falling to the ground as if it were they who suffered the blast.

They had confidence in the five overlords killing Li Qiye, and especially when Voracious and Epoch’s End appeared.

Now, Lord of Derivation was contained while the other six were utterly defeated. Although they were still alive, they had no strength left to fight. This spelled the end of Celestial Court.

The overlords attempted to stand up but struggled due to their current state. Li Qiye immediately raised his hand and summoned the primordial light.

He tossed it forward, commanding it to split into rays to pin the opponents down.

“Ahh!” The overlords couldn’t move an inch, subjected to lying in blood.

The battlefield became silent after the initial screams. Profound, World, and Hao Hai were ready for the end.

Dawn has finally returned after eras. The shadows looming over their world have been captured; their reign was over. They paid a heavy price for this goal but believed that it was all worth it. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Li Qiye slowly landed on a floating continent, looking like the supreme epoch lord without displaying his aura and divinity.

“Celestial Court will have a change of leadership now.” He told the three immortals and the founder.

These four were the only ones left. Most have been killed by Lord of Derivation while others deserted. The imperious alliance that once commanded the world shall be no more.

“Hahaha.” The trio exchanged glances and said: “Looks like there is no reason for us to live anymore.”

With that, they vomited blood after destroying their true fate. They fell to the ground as blood slowly flowed outward.

Spectators sighed after seeing their death. They didn’t beg for mercy and held on to their conviction of sticking with Celestial Court from start to finish. They carried out their promise, unlike the overlords.

Trying to fight Li Qiye would have looked like stray dogs trying to bite someone. They chose to go with dignity instead.

The founder had a complicated expression. These three have ruled Celestial Court with him since the last epoch. They had nothing but true loyalty to Celestial Court and the overlords.

He didn’t share the same sentiment, but Celestial Court was still created by him.

“Sacred Teacher, do it.” He closed his eyes, having prepared for death. His mission was over and he had no regrets.

Li Qiye smiled and left to deal with the overlords, leaving him surprised.

“A conclusion shall be reached today.” Li Qiye told them.

“Do it then!” Lord of Derivation was now a small ooze of flesh.

“Very well, we start with you.” Li Qiye smiled and started the refinement process with the primordial rays.

Keep in mind that Lord of Derivation was an eldritch - something truly bizarre and difficult to kill. As the rays infiltrated him, his body started growing.