Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5873: Nullkarma Scripture Physique


“My only regret is not reaching the end of the dao, finish this.” Imperial Progenitor remarked.

“There is no reaching the end after falling to the darkness for only desires and greed are left in your heart. Everything else matters not, only the next feast.” Li Qiye shook his head: “You all, long ago, have forgotten how to diligently search for the dao.”

The group didn’t respond due to the sound logic. After carrying out the first blood refinement, they changed drastically and their dao no longer improved.

They focused on surviving and hiding instead of cultivating. Before the key event, they had a history filled with spring and life.

Although they weren’t as strong and lacked dao enlightenment, those times were certainly colorful and happier. Only cultivation was on their mind as they made a name for themselves during the epoch.

For example, Imperial Progenitor pioneered the cultivation system of Trinity Epoch. Stonesplitter started the path of blacksmithing, and Dao Ancestor researched the mysteries of the nine scriptures.

They were filled with hope and anticipation for the future. Unfortunately, as their power grew, they fell into the darkness and became disconnected from the epoch, viewing it as nothing more than food.

“There is no going back, I have nothing left to say.” Primal said.

The others agreed with this sentiment. Repenting now was useless and didn’t change anything. Thus, they stuck with their decision.

“Then return to the world, dust to dust.” Li Qiye smiled and began with Primal and Imperial Progenitor.

“Ahh!” They screamed during the refinement process until only particles were left.

He sent the particles into the world again to improve everything.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Another, another heavenly rain!” Everyone outside was ecstatic to see more rainfall.

They knew this time and mortals prepared bowls and jars to contain the water. Only a few apex cultivators who didn’t participate in the war knew the origin of the water.

“A golden age is coming, this epoch will be like no other.” A Grand Emperor embarking on the path of the limit murmured.

“This epoch will be the greatest of them all.” A monarch could sense the changes happening across the world.

Reaching the apex has become far easier now for everyone. The dao laws and mysteries became animated and more accessible. During the rain, emperors and monarchs felt as if they were cultivating within a dao source.

“After calamity comes a fortune.” Someone else said.

Back in Celestial Court, Li Qiye began refining Dao Ancestor.

His flesh and blood were destroyed but a karmic force created him again. He remained alive despite losing some vitality.

“Interesting, rebirth as long as there are still karmic ties.” Li Qiye smiled while staring at Dao Ancestor.

“My dao is perfect, this is Nullkarma Scripture Physique, I am indestructible.” Dao Ancestor said calmly.

“Others might believe you but not I.” Li Qiye shook his head: “If you were indestructible, you would have tried to fight the heaven instead of hiding like a turtle in its cave. It is merely karmic manipulation.”

“You!” The pulsating Dao Ancestor didn’t appreciate the insult.

“Watch, I will nullify your physique.” Li Qiye smiled and raised his hand, initiating a derivation of the heavenly scriptures.

Dao Ancestor’s expression soured upon seeing this.

“Karmic ties with the scriptures, right? I will use them to destroy you.” Li Qiye sent the mysteries toward the target.

“Ahh!” They nullified his physique, allowing his flesh to be destroyed permanently.

“Nooo!” He screamed, unwilling to go like this.

His physique had no offensive potential and seemed to be useless. However, he knew that he wouldn’t die to anything since other overlords couldn’t break it.

After all, none had a better understanding of the scriptures than him. Little did he know that Li Qiye had initiated a new set of scriptures. The mysteries and karma within them were derived from him - the new epoch lord.

Therefore, it became easier for Li Qiye to destroy Dao Ancestor due to these connections.

Dao Ancestor had thought of Li Qiye but didn’t expect the guy to get it done so quickly. He speculated that it should have taken eras, enough for him to come up with countermeasures.

“The blood refinement was your idea. You feared the karma from this and attempted to nullify them via the scriptures. Unfortunately, you are now reaping the bitter fruits of your own choices.” Li Qiye said.

Dao Ancestor was the mastermind behind the splitting of the nine worlds and the thirteen continents. He also suggested that they separate the nine scriptures so that no one could gather all nine afterward.