Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5876: I Accept

This wasn’t to say that Tianzu wasn’t respected and revered. It was just that his fame and prestige couldn’t compare to his brothers’.

For Machine Epoch, Tianshou was undisputedly its lord and Tianji was its source. The teacher, Tianzu, could never surpass them.

He entered the world of the savages and taught them patiently for generations. He wholeheartedly protected the epoch, allowing them to grow and prosper.

As time passed, he came to find his efforts and sacrifices couldn’t propel him above his brothers. More often than not, they viewed him as a connection between their world and Tianji.

Eras of unrecognition festered into hatred and jealousy. Once Tianshou disappeared, he tricked and ambushed Tianji before devouring the epoch.

“They all deserved death, not protection.” Epoch’s End concluded. His efforts couldn’t win their heart, so why would he have continued? This seed of hatred pulled him to the darkness and birthed Epoch’s End.

“The higher the expectation, the bigger the disappointment.” Li Qiye let out a sigh: “I know the pain. You must have truly loved it once, destroying it must have been heart-wrenching. Just know that it wasn’t their fault for it stemmed from you.”

“Those who deserve death shall die, that’s all.” Epoch’s End said.

“Then do you deserve death?” Li Qiye asked.

“I’ve lived long enough.” Epoch’s End said.

“What a shame.” Li Qiye sighed and used his primordial power to wipe out any remaining defenses and reduce Epoch’s End to essences.

Since he had eaten multiple epochs, his essences were enough to nourish the world for eras to come.

“Don’t be a savior in the next life, the world will only disappoint you. From love to hatred, tragic.” Li Qiye said before releasing the essences into his epoch.

“Let this be a warning, the world doesn’t need to be protected in perpetuity by anyone.” Li Qiye gazed at the crowd behind the mirror.

Everyone pondered in silence while imagining Machine Epoch. Without Tianzu’s purposeful and deliberate proliferation of the dao, Machine Epoch would have been unremarkable.

It might have lasted longer outside of unexpected interferences. After all, it would have taken longer to reach full maturity.

Tianzu’s efforts hastened its development only to destroy it, perhaps before its time. This was the danger of having saviors.

Li Qiye returned to Stonesplitter and removed the primordial ray pinning him down.

“Why?” Stonesplitter didn’t understand.

“Do you pick life or death?” Li Qiye asked.

“Life.” Stonesplitter said without any hesitation. Although he was prepared for death today, he still wanted to live given the opportunity.

“Then live.” Li Qiye took a second before accepting. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“...” Stonesplitter didn’t expect this to be so easy.

Li Qiye had defeated and refined all the other overlords. He didn’t show mercy to Voracious Leviathan, so why Stonesplitter? After all, overlords were big threats to the epoch.

“Anything is possible.” Li Qiye said: “Bind yourself, it is your only chance.”

He waved his hand and summoned the image of the primordial tree.

“I understand. This is how I’ll be useful.” Stonesplitter sighed.

“Refining you down to essences is another way for you to be useful.” Li Qiye remarked.

“I suppose I'm not in any position to complain, I accept.” Stonesplitter agreed.

“I hope you’re not complaining, others wanted to become slaves but couldn’t.” Li Qiye reminded him of Voracious.

Skysplitter smiled bitterly, having no choice but to be subjected to Li Qiye’s whims. Nevertheless, this was a merciful act compared to the alternative.

Binding himself to the epoch meant that if it were to be destroyed, so would he. Moreover, he would have to follow Li Qiye’s commands - something difficult for a proud overlord to accept.

The overlord accepted his fate and imprinted his grand dao into the tree, becoming a part of the epoch forever.