Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5881: Who Is It?!

Seven Nights appeared to be reaching the top in all epochs. Several hundred thousand years passed but this didn’t change its prosperity and peace.

Wars and the shadows of overlords were things of the past. Large-scale conflicts causing untold casualties no longer occurred, only minor disagreements and skirmishes.

The divide between The Race and The People was no more so everyone lived together peacefully. The world was simply too fertile for conflicts over resources to occur.

One genius soared after another, managing to see the truth and anima. Top cultivators focused on training since the shackles were gone. They all had a clear goal in mind for the future - from truth to origination and the primal anima.

None wanted to be left behind, whether it be the older emperors or the rising conquerors and dragon lords.

Their lack of presence was a blessing to the world. Weaker cultivators couldn’t cause devastating damage with their battles.

As the epoch progressed, legends of World, Profound, and Hao Hai remained. Li Qiye and his monikers were forgotten once more by the new generation.

Today, a blood beam of the purest concentration shot to the sky and illuminated all continents. All bloodlines seemingly came from it, resulting in harmonization from all living beings.

“Rumble!” It pulsed outward in all directions, covering the immortal continent.

“!!!” All top cultivators became alarmed.

“Who is it?” World and Profound had to come out and take a look at the source of the beam - Imperial Field.

Warning gongs echoed across the alliance.

“This is terrible.” Demon herself became startled, let alone the others. She gave orders in preparation for the worst-case scenario.

“We have to help Imperial Field now!” Everyone spread the message before heading for Imperial Field.

This sudden change interrupted the perpetual peace in their world. Thus, the only thing on their mind was to stop it.

Meanwhile, all inhabitants glowed red in harmony. Normally, this would be a dreadful experience but it was somehow comforting.

Cultivators and especially mortals felt their vitality and life force welcoming the blood beam. It carried the same warmth as a mother’s womb. This comfort made them think that being engulfed in it was far from a bad thing.

“He’s breaking out!” Apex cultivators, on the other hand, understood the gravity of the situation.

“Boom!” A massive figure appeared in Imperial Field.

Demon, Chi Ye, Mu Tian, and others immediately attempted to suppress the figure. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Boom!” A supreme force emanated from the figure and manifested into three primal rings.

When they appeared, they lifted the six continents up, leaving everyone astounded.

The figure broke through the suppression and sent the emperors flying while vomiting blood. The rings pulsed outward and couldn’t be stopped by anyone.