Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5887: Lost To Greed

“The sweeping is complete with this.” Li Qiye said with a smile.

Stonespitter, Trinity, and Twilight Hunter felt their neck being gripped by him. This was especially true for Twilight Hunter who thought he had a venomous serpent coiling around his neck.

They were once marvelous and unbeatable, not to mention cautious. Unfortunately, they still couldn’t escape his calculation.

Twilight Hunter had lived for countless years, hiding from one epoch to another. He had the most patience and endured ravenous hunger when necessary.

Meticulous planning and escape routes came before any move. He tried his best to never expose his location.

Unfortunately, Li Qiye was far stronger than expected. He concocted a seal stretching across the whole epoch with a single thought. He had elusive hiding spots prepared but couldn’t escape right now.

Stonesplitter let out a sigh, aware this was just part of Li Qiye’s goal. He must have simulated all the possible scenarios.

The new epoch would be able to enjoy its prosperity without fear before reaching the apex. All along, overlords loomed and waited for the right time.

The outcome of all epochs ended with destruction either in the hands of overlords or the villainous heaven.

The former usually happened too early - Machine, Demon Beast, Enlightenment... [1] Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Epoch’s End and Twilight Hunter usually participated in the early end of epochs. Primal and the others would have gone down this path as well. These overlords worked together for their benefit; Divine Ancestor’s fate was a prelude and example.

In the case of Trinity, it didn’t have time to reach full maturity and Li Qiye somehow forcefully changed it - truly an unprecedented feat that caught the overlords by surprise.

Nevertheless, they waited patiently until full maturity. There were cases of them not doing anything due to the strength of the epoch lord.

One exception was Twilight Hunter taking down such an epoch lord but normally, epoch lords would usually embark on expeditions and never return triumphantly. That gave them the opening to devour the epoch.

Ultimately, destruction was inevitable. Li Qiye knew this and prepared for the first part of the problem - the hiding overlords. With them gone, he would no longer worry about his epoch during the expedition.

Otherwise, it would follow the path of the brilliant Crimsonheaven Epoch, being eaten by Epoch’s End after its lord’s departure.

Currently, the existences in the forbidden grounds were tied to Li Qiye’s epoch just like Stonesplitter Patriarch.

The only survivor was Twilight Hunter. Due to his veiled hat, his face was hidden but it certainly didn’t look pretty.

“I can finally leave after taking care of you.” Li Qiye patted his hand.

Twilight didn’t respond since he was occupied with analyzing and simulating potential paths. Unfortunately, the seal was too much. Fighting wasn’t an option either since Li Qiye had grown too strong.

“Looks like I’ve lost to greed.” He let out a sigh.

His mistake was making a move when Seven Nights’ epoch lord was overwhelmingly powerful. Alas, his hunger was unbearable and Trinity Ancestor was the prize of an epoch.

Something similar happened with Divine Ancestor but in this case, Trinity Ancestor was even superior. He didn’t care as much regarding the mysterious visitor of Celestial Court since that wasn’t Trinity’s true body. Now, the real thing appeared before him and it turned out to be a bait.

“How do you want to end this? You do it yourself?” Li Qiye said with a smile.

Everyone listened attentively since Li Qiye had proven himself after killing numerous overlords at this point.

1. Enlightenment is not a name I’m familiar with for all the epochs - 如达. I’m unsure if it had appeared in the past. It says Demon Beast Epoch but I’m wondering if it is a typo and should be Divine Beast. ☜