Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5918: Sin World

Sin was one of the three major worlds. Where did it come from? None could say for sure, not even those who had lived for a long time could accurately answer or define Sin.

In those far-off ages, legends told of a time before Sin, when their world was divided into Myriad Lineage, Imperial Lineage, and Immortal Lineage.

Something happened and the world crumbled. Heavenly corpses descended and the world couldn’t endure their weight and power.

Realms and kingdoms shattered, the connection between the three worlds shattered and they drifted apart.

Nevertheless, the general outline remained until a war known as Immortals Slaughtered. The world’s frame was destroyed and rebuilt, completely changed from its initial appearance. Because of this, future generations forgot what Three Immortals used to be.

Sin started during the era of Dingtian and continued to the present. What was the reason for its name?

Historians believed many legendary immortals were killed or forced to Sin. During Dingtian’s era, those branded as sinners were also banished there.

Another account said some of the population ran there to hide from Dingtian.

Sin had many secrets, some were too sensitive to be revealed to the public. Therefore, many sweeps took place in Sin starting from Dingtian’s era. It became more serious during Poye’s era and numerous lineages fell.

None could rise successfully against Dingtian or Poye for they were too strong, unable to change the disgraceful name of their world.

Immortal Suppression Dynasty normally carried out the sweeping to eliminate dissenters in Sin. Despite repeated failures and massacres, capable geniuses continued to rise and resist.

The list included Desolate Ancestor and many others of similar stature. Their appearance caused Dingtian, Poye, Xian Chengtian, Primal Yin Immortal Ghost, and more to show up.

Because of this, Sin became the battlefield of Three Immortals. The eternal conflict never ceased due to certain beliefs, one of which was the return of a so-called true immortal and many forgotten ancestors.

One day, the influence of Moshi, Dingtian, and Poye would be erased and Three Immortals would return to its initial appearance.

*** 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Sandstorms raged amidst a boundless desert in Sin, obscuring the horizon. There was no end in sight, only sand and more sand.

No matter how long one walked in any direction, the end remained elusive. Travelers were destined to be lost in this labyrinth.

A lone figure trudged through this hellish landscape with unwavering composure. Although scorching sand grains filled shoes and clothes, he maintained the same pace in harmony with the environment - unfazed by the relentless sun and sandstorms.

He treated the desert as his garden. Nevertheless, he walked slowly and looked like an ordinary mortal, unable to fly or teleport. He evoked a sense of isolation and trepidation, doomed to perish from thirst in this sandy prison.

However, a sudden gust blew by and heralded the emergence of a carriage from the horizon, gradually entering sight.

This horse carriage seemed capable of appearing anywhere at will. Logically, such a carriage shouldn’t be here in this desolate desert but it defied expectations.

It rolled slowly toward the lone figure and shielded him from the sun. The driver exuded a refreshing feeling upon sight, akin to drinking a bowl of cold water.

She wore a light green dress, resembling the reflection of verdant mountains and bamboo groves. Her exquisite beauty was hard to describe, akin to a slender bamboo shoot emerging gracefully in the distant hills while being surrounded by gurgling streams with sparkling droplets.