Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5924: Let’s Take A Look

The other woman was ethereal and indistinct. Others could see her golden hair, dazzling and exuding an exotic charm.

She resembled a soaring immortal whose sword could pierce the realms. Her indistinct form still captured her allure presence, drawing everyone’s gaze.

More silhouettes pulsed in and out of existence with the help of the dao laws, looking like armored combatants.

“Clank! Clank!” They were fixated on the stone mound trapped by the palace.

The women and the combatants all pointed their weapons at this unknown pile of stones.

Mortals couldn’t lift their head and prostrated respectfully, murmuring that it was their ancestors coming back or immortals arriving.

Chu Zhu, on the other hand, understood that this was a treasure meant for suppression. These figures made from dao laws were immensely strong; some being at the Ancestor level.

She then turned her attention to the stone mound. She had used her divine intent to scan it previously but didn’t notice anything peculiar. Now, it was obvious that something was hiding in there to warrant such a response from the shrine.

She tried again and failed to see any changes.

“Let’s take a look.” Li Qiye smiled and touched the palace again.

A light flashed in the center and dao laws rotated to summon a single drop of water. It seemed that it took eras of accumulation just to form this drop.

It fell on top of the mound and started melting, no, corroding it. The stones were rough but felt like mud after coming in contact with the water.

The outer layer dissipated and revealed what seemed to be an internal frame or skeleton. This felt ridiculous because how could stones have skeletons?

As Chu Zhu gazed upon this structure, she noticed an intricate network of veins and crevices. They were etched deep within the fabrics of the stones seamlessly, making them indistinguishable even by the most accurate divine intent. Each line was minuscule, looking like dao lines instead of bones.

All in all, this structure made from countless delicate dao lines was different from anything she had seen before. It evoked an unsettling sensation that couldn’t be articulated.

Something more bizarre transpired next. The rigid structure emitted a series of subtle popping noises, imperceptible to mortals’ ears. The lines started dividing, looking like microscopic worms made out of irons writhing and contorting. From one to two, two to four, four to eight...

In this instant, Chu Zhu conjured a terrifying scenario - could these worms form an unstoppable swarm to take over the region?

The thought sent shivers down her spine and left her heart pounding with dread. She had never encountered anything like this, so repulsive and seemingly unstoppable.

Fortunately, the multiplication stopped abruptly after reaching a certain number. These worms intertwined and created a symphony of metallic clanking. This was the sound of dao harmonization. Instead of being awe-inspiring, it made her feel nauseous.

“Clank!” The intricate dance of the tiny worms formed the outline of a formidable beast. The next wave fluttered around the frame, serving as the mane.

Finally, the eight sections of flesh came together at the front, forming the jaws of the beast. The initial grotesque appearance was now concealed. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

The beast resembled a tiger but had fins fluttering like wings. Its mouth was larger - flat and wide like a shark’s maw. Long, flowing fur covered its body, swaying gently in the air like silk strings.

Despite having a normal form now, she still shuddered since she knew it was made from microscopic worms.

She stared at its large, luminous eyes with an intense azure hue reminiscent of a bottomless ocean.

Suddenly, a hum could be heard and a crimson glow erupted from its eyes.

The Novel will be updated first on this website. Come back and continue reading tomorrow, everyone!