Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5925: Come

The crimson glow resembled blood, hence the emergence of a palpable bloodthirst.

Chu Zhu was no stranger to fierce beasts. She had seen evil dragons and killed them before. Alas, this one made her feel threatened as if it could pulverize her.

This notion naturally caught her off guard because nothing in Sin could match her. This unknown creature was something else.

As for the mortals, they were deadly pale, still paralyzed to the ground, and couldn’t speak.

The reason why the eyes changed color was because the beast recognized the threat coming from the figures.

“Boom!” The prison in the form of the palace became resplendent. Its dao laws hardened into spears. The figures also activated their auras, preparing to attack.

The beast readied for an offense to break the dao laws and the figures. Its bloodthirst knew no bounds and could turn the world into an ocean of blood.

Chu Zhu immediately summoned and clenched her weapon tightly, unsure whether the prison could suppress the beast. She found herself being a potential prey.

“Leave it to me.” As the figures and the palace were on the verge of attacking, Li Qiye patted the wall and suppressed their auras.

This allowed the beast to escape the prison but unfortunately, it found Li Qiye standing in the way.

“Raa!” It roared intimidatingly. Its bestial aura swept forward like a tsunami, knocking out the mortals.

When it exited the prison, Chu Zhu could sense its true terror and thought she was the underdog.

“Come.” Li Qiye gestured, looking like a delicious mortal to the bloodthirsty beast.

“Watch out!” Chu Zhu shouted. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Come here.” Li Qiye’s expression darkened after seeing the beast’s aggression.

His change of attitude struck the beast’s head like a lightning bolt, causing it to tremble.

Chu Zhu didn’t experience the same pressure, but the beast felt this delicious mortal was actually a supreme existence with full power over all affinities.

This seemingly colossal affinity was the source of the world - the epochs were created from his body. The beast smelled a faint scent belonging to their race as if he had slain them before.

Bloodthirst and rage were replaced by fear in just a split second. This powerful beast was only a speck of dust compared to Li Qiye - the king of the jungle turned into a helpless rabbit.

And Li Qiye was no simple beast in the forest, he was the most monstrous entity available. The beast thought he could devour their race in one gulp.

It lowered its head and tail; its fluttering mane draped down as well. It looked like a pitiful dog that was being scolded by its master. It approached and lay down, licking his foot while not daring to look up.

Its eyes became deep blue again as it finally looked up at him, attempting to win his favor.

This left Chu Zhu dumbfounded. Just a moment ago, she was certain it was a terrifying beast out for flesh and blood. If it were to enter the outside world, it could destroy a kingdom in just one night and devour countless beings.

She didn’t have absolute confidence in slaying it but now, it became a cowering dog groveling at Li Qiye’s feet, trying to please him.

It looked at him with pitiful eyes. All it was missing was wagging its tail as well.