
ChatGPT

Title: "Episode 133 of the 100th Regression for Max Level Players"

Start of the 9th Round

1st Place: Black Scythe (4,088 votes)

2nd Place: Thousand Demons (1,057 votes)

3rd Place: Stupid Jerks (529 votes)

………………

…………

7th Place: New Chest (65 votes)

Makyeongrok was disappointed with the unexpected results.

'Ah, I expected myself to be the X-factor.'

Contrary to expectations, Black Scythe claimed the top spot.

An overwhelming vote difference.

Although he thought there might be a chance for himself, it was just a futile expectation.

'Well, considering the popularity, I can't compete with Black Scythe.'

He was proud to have reached the top 2nd and 3rd places in the previous regions, but the gap with the 1st place was larger than he had thought.

The current voting results were evidence of that.

The recognition and favorability of Black Scythe among players were quantified.

Makyeongrok looked at Black Scythe with envy.

Even though he had become the only representative of a region in South Korea, there was no change in his expression.

As if he already knew it would turn out like this.

'Oh well, it's not like he's a prophet. How could he know the voting results?'

He was probably hiding his surprise with a poker face.

Or maybe he really predicted it.

Considering Black Scythe's popularity, anyone could have predicted the outcome.

However, Ryu Min was not predicting; he genuinely knew the future, so he remained calm.

From the 21st to the 99th round, starting from reaching the 9th round, winning 79 times in the votes, anyone would react like this.

'As expected, I'm the 1st place. The vote count is a bit different.'

The vote count was higher than the previous round.

Was it because he formed connections with companions like Jooyoung-ho, Min Juri, and Seo Arin?

Even without reading their minds, he could guess that they had voted for him.

[Player 'Black Scythe' has become the new representative of Zone C3-ESKA001.]

While casually looking at the message with indifferent eyes, Ariae shouted.
ChatGPT

"As per the voting results, the representative of the Korean region has become Black Scythe! Congratulations, Black Scythe! Please note that the representative authority of other players has been extinguished. Now, Black Scythe has become the sole player in Korea with dominion!"

The angel continued, "Now that we have a representative, shall we check the quests for Round 9 immediately?"

Without fail, a message window appeared before everyone's eyes.

◀ ROUND 9 ▶

└ Enter the Mercenary Corps and Subjugate Monsters

[Entire Region]

└ Participants: 1,295,362

└ Achievers: 0/647,681

[Zone C3-ESKA001]

└ Participants: 6,008

└ Achievers: 0/3,004

"Subjugate monsters?"

"What's the Mercenary Corps again?"

Players who checked the quest were buzzing with excitement.

On the other hand, those around Black Scythe remained calm.

They had already heard the prophecy from Ryu Min, so they knew what was coming.

"In a moment, all of you will go to a fantasy world to perform a subjugation mission with the qualification of mercenaries. Don't be alarmed. As you can see, it's a simple quest where you just need to subjugate monsters. You can also choose the monsters to subjugate, so there's nothing to worry about."

There were no players who were surprised at the idea of falling into a fantasy world.

They had already experienced the presence of NPCs while safeguarding the top in Round 8.

Most people expected something similar this time.

"Any questions?"

"I have a question! If we succeed in just one subjugation, does that mean we pass the quest?"

"Of course. It's a very simple quest."

As the emphasis on simplicity continued, players became uneasy.

There had never been a case where something described as simple was genuinely simple.

"Any other questions?"

"If it's subjugation, is it a party quest?"

"While you may act together, it's not a party quest. Each person takes care of subjugating monsters on their own to obtain their share. So, you need to put in effort, especially for experience points."

"If it's written as the main quest, are there also sub-quests?"

"That's a secret."

'Obviously, there will be. To ask that as a question...'

Everyone criticized the questioner with the same thought.

If it's labeled as the main quest, there is undoubtedly a sub-quest. It was a rule they naturally knew from their previous experiences.

"Dear angel! How is the ranking determined?"
ChatGPT

Even before the angel answered, some who heard the question shook their heads as if it was pathetic.

That damn angel won't tell us anything.

The players' expectations were spot on.

"I also don't know that well yet. It will be revealed around the time the tally results come out," said the angel.

There were almost no believers in the angel's words.

That's how distrustful the players were of the existence called an angel.

But Ryu Min knew.

That the angel was currently telling the truth.

'Being an angel doesn't mean knowing everything about the quest. They have limited information for each round.'

Whether it was to prevent leakage to humans or not, angels had limited knowledge about the rounds.

It was certain information Ryu Min had obtained through several interrogations with angels in previous rounds.

Above all, the reason Ryu Min was so sure was different.

'The final reward obtainable from this sub-quest. Just by looking at the contents, it's clear that angels don't know about the quest.'

Because the hidden final reward in this round could be considered fatal for the angels.

'If angels knew about that reward, it would cause chaos, right?'

The reason Ryu Min didn't predict anything about the sub-quest was also here.

Since the reward that only one person could obtain had to be exclusively his.

"We'll stop here with the questions. Shall we start the quest right away?" Ariel's words ended ominously, and a selection window appeared in front of the players.

"Please touch the monster you want to subjugate."

└ 1. Lizardman

└ 2. Werewolf

└ 3. Skeleton

└ 4. Troll

└ 5. Minotaur

[If not selected, it will be randomly assigned.] [Remaining Time Limit: 00:00:59]

Just like the previous top selection, it would move immediately if you chose.

"Hmm, choose from these?"

"Well, isn't 1 the easiest to see..."

The difficulty could be estimated just by looking at the names of the monsters.

'As expected, 1 is the easiest, and 5 is the most difficult.'

Ryu Min knew what the best choice was, but other players were at a crossroads of decision.

They were contemplating whether there might be a trap in this seemingly obvious question.
ChatGPT

"Considering the difficulty, Lizardman seems better..."

"Won't everyone just go for Lizardman if we choose like this?"

"Should we subjugate a stronger monster for better rewards?"

"Isn't it possible that Number 1 is actually difficult, and Number 5 is the easiest?"

"Sigh, what should I choose?"

To ponder these various thoughts, one minute was too short. Most had already made their choices, but around a quarter hesitated, spending their time in contemplation.

Some deliberately showed an intention to leave it to randomness, closing their eyes and waiting for time to pass.

'It might seem like there's a trap, but no. The difficulty is correct in the order it appears. In other words, purely subjugating the monster you want, based on your skill level, is enough.'

Ryu Min had conveyed this fact to his acquaintances through his prophecies.

Therefore, Ryu Min's acquaintances, including Makyeongrok, had nothing to worry about.

They had already thought it through enough in the real world.

"I'll go with Number 2, Black Scythe!"

"I'll also go with Number 2. Thanks for the buff, Minjoo-ssi!"

Seo Arin and Ahn Sangchul disappeared first.

They didn't forget to receive Min Juri's buff before moving, having heard from Ryu Min's prophecy that the buff would be maintained when moving.

Min Juri, upon hearing that, willingly shared her buff with Black Scythe and others.

"Nice meeting you, Black Scythe-nim, Minjoo-ssi. Then, I'll go first."

After Makyeongrok made his choice, he disappeared as well.

He didn't say what he chose, but Ryu Min knew he had chosen Number 3.

"I'll go first too. See you all alive."

After Yamddi disappeared, only Ryu Min and Min Juri were left with pending choices.

"Black Scythe-nim, where are you going? Naturally, you'll go for Number 5, right?"

"Well, it's a bit of a dilemma."

"I'll go with Number 1. See you later, Black Scythe-nim!"

As Min Juri disappeared too, Ryu Min was finally alone.

The reason he had postponed his choice until now was no different.

He needed to change his appearance.

'My choice is...'

Ryu Min cast the Invisibility spell.

Changing his appearance to something not visible to others, he transformed into the face of an assassin.

It was the face of Lost Yak, the assassin.
ChatGPT

In no time, with 5 seconds remaining on the time limit, Ryu Min's fingers moved.

As he chose the monster, he completely disappeared.

In the fantasy world, there was one rule.

Player nicknames were not visible.

"During the last Round 8, the angel explained that the nicknames were hidden because of the traitor group, but in reality, it's not."

In the fantasy world, since nicknames were hidden, players could distinguish each other only by their faces or outfits.

The reason Ryu Min changed his appearance to Lost Yak was for this.

"This way, I can progress through the sub-quest without Min Juri knowing."

Ryu Min's choice was the same as Min Juri's, Number 1.

The reason for choosing the weakest Lizardman was simple.

The sub-quest was exclusively here.

"There are no sub-quests for subjugating other monsters. I'm sure of it, as I've chosen different options one by one throughout the rounds."

He transformed into Lost Yak to perform the sub-quest alone, without Min Juri.

If he were Black Scythe, it would surely draw suspicion or she would follow him.

Now, he could see Min Juri, who arrived first, in front of him.

Ryu Min, no longer invisible, approached her.

She sensed his presence and glanced at Ryu Min for a moment but quickly averted her gaze.

She had no way of recognizing him as Black Scythe.

Since his face was Lost Yak's and his nickname wasn't visible.

Ryu Min opened the quest progress window.

[Lizardman Subjugation Force Status]

└ Participants: 602

The players who chose Number 1 were fewer than expected.

Because of the low difficulty, many had avoided choosing, thinking it might be a trap.

"It's a shame. There's no better place to rank high than here."

The ranking method that the angel didn't mention was the number of monster kills.

In other words, the ranking was based on how many monsters you defeated.

"So, it's better to defeat weaker monsters."

However, if you defeated too weak a monster, you would lose out on experience points.

Therefore, defeating monsters that matched your level was the best option.

This way, you could gain enough experience points and also secure a place in the rankings.
ChatGPT

This is a fact disclosed through prophecy.

The reason acquaintances chose 2 and 3 was based on selecting according to their own levels.

Min Juri's choice of Number 1 was also based on considering her combat abilities.

"At my current level, defeating Minotaur at Number 5 is obvious, but the sub-quest is more important."

The reward for this sub-quest could only be obtained by one person, covering the entire region.

As it was an essential reward for confronting the angel, it couldn't be missed.

"Are you all players? It's hard to tell if you're a player since the nicknames aren't visible."

"I think they are speaking Korean."

"But why can't we see the nicknames again?"

"Is it because they're not visible when entering the fantasy world?"

"By the way, there are fewer people than expected, aren't there? Wasn't subjugating Lizardman supposed to be the easiest?"

"Yeah, I thought everyone would flock here."

"Could it be a surprising difficulty?"

"I have a bad feeling about it..."

Amidst the buzzing conversations of the players, a bearded foreigner, presumed to be an NPC, appeared.

"Have you all had enough rest? I am Kaltz Garshia, the leader of the Golden Eagle Mercenary Corps, responsible for the first subjugation. Though I am known as a warrior from another world in the Holy Empire, since I'm here as an apprentice, I'll speak informally. Understand it."

After saying this, Kaltz turned around and shouted, "Follow me, soldiers!"

Players followed Kaltz, wondering, "What happens if we kill this guy? Will the subjugation fail and everyone disappears?" They entertained dangerous and curious thoughts.

Some actually considered trying it, but none executed the plan. There was no one crazy enough to engage in a perilous act where not only they but the entire subjugation force could lose their lives.

If there were, they wouldn't have survived until now.

After about 10 minutes of walking, Kaltz stopped in front of the entrance to a dense forest.

"Here, soldiers from another world! This is the swamp where Lizardmen appear. You will join me in subjugating the remnants of Lizardmen in this place. Let's depart immediately!"

Shouting with enthusiasm, Kaltz took the lead, and the players followed, tense and alert.
ChatGPT

As it wasn't a party, Min Juri applied buffs to herself once again and tightly gripped the hilt of her sword.

She had never faced Lizardmen before, but having received the unique armor from Ryu Min, she felt somewhat reassured.

However, she, along with Subjugation Commander Kaltz and anyone else present, was unaware of a certain fact.

The fact that one person had left the ranks.

It was none other than Ryu Min, the Lost Yak.

[You have completed the sub-quest!]