
ChatGPT

Title: Episode 163 of the 100th Rebirth for a Max Level Player

Round 10 Ends

"Recipient of the Trust?"

"What are you talking about?"

Players looked puzzled at the angel's question.

They didn't understand the intention of the question, and their expressions showed that they were unfamiliar with the concept of receiving trust.

[Hehe. No, never mind if you don't have it.]

The angel repeated as if asking for no reason, but Ryu Min was convinced by that sight.

'These guys probably don't know who killed Ramiel.'

No, maybe they think he's not dead but missing.

Since no bodies of Ramiel or other angels were found.

'But they must know it's the players' doing.'

Sending distress signals and having multiple angels move, at least the angels must have heard about a player who clashed with them.

However, they might not know who it is, and that's why they asked in a place where combat angels were dispatched, which happened to be the Trust Altar.

'Asking so openly. If I said something like that, would the culprit raise their hand and confess?'

It was a foolish question, but he must be watching for any reactions.

If you're going to face a combat angel, you must be a player with enough strength.

And the most likely suspect is none other than the Black Scythe.

Sure enough.

The angel who looks at this side with a grimace can be felt.

It seems difficult to stare openly because it's terrifying.

'Well, if there's a player crazy enough to slaughter angels, it would be frightening.'

Always ignored as insects, they are 9th grade angels, the lowest of the low among the low.

Except for the ability of assassination, they have fragile bodies like humans.

Angels also know this, so they keep their distance instead of coming down from the sky.

Subconsciously because players are fearsome.

'Suspicions will remain, but there is no evidence that I am the culprit. I can't even imagine that the great Seven Archangels would die.'

Even if it's a disappearance, it would be a huge event for them.

Especially if a Great Archangel has vanished.

'No need to worry. As long as there is no evidence, I won't be harmed.'

It was the same in the previous episode.
ChatGPT

He summoned and killed combat angels through the Trust, but did not suffer any disadvantages.

Because there was no evidence.

However, he couldn't just have suspicions and not take any action.

There was a rule among angels that you shouldn't interfere with players without a valid reason.

'In the beginning, it might have been for air supremacy, but later on, if you want to use assassination, there must be a legitimate reason.'

Although he threatened to blow up heads immediately to instill fear, in reality, he couldn't do that.

Even with assassination, you can't kill a player for trivial reasons.

It would ruin the carefully crafted game.

That's why Ryu Min was relieved.

He might be suspected, but for now, he couldn't do anything about it.

'The problem is that for the Devil's Blessing and Soul Bond quest, I have to keep killing angels...'

If the tail is too long, it might get caught, possibly causing trouble.

'I need to be more careful from now on.'

When Ryu Min shifted his gaze, the angel turned his head quickly and hesitantly spoke.

[Th-then, should we see the results of the tally?]

It seems the Black Scythe is still suspected as the culprit.

★ Round 10 Results Tally ★

[All Areas]

└1st. Black Scythe (Level 89 Reaper) 10 completed 09:48:01

└2nd. Heaven's Horse (Level 44 Dark Knight) 7 completed 09:37:39

└3rd. Stupid Idiots (Level 43 Shaman) 7 completed 09:49:01

[Specific Area C3-ESKA001]

└1st. Black Scythe (Level 89 Reaper) 10 completed 09:48:01

└2nd. Heaven's Horse (Level 44 Dark Knight) 7 completed 09:37:39

└3rd. Stupid Idiots (Level 43 Shaman) 7 completed 09:49:01

The results were as expected.

'Of course, I'm in 1st place, and the rest are Ma Kyung-rok and Joo Sung-tak.'

They probably managed to shorten the time spent on monster subjugation more effectively than on other quests.

In terms of combat power, the two were treated as the next in line after the Black Scythe worldwide.

'The Dark Knight is indeed powerful. The Shaman's profession is also deceptive.'

Moreover, if you rank within the top 3, you receive various rewards and privileges.

With those rewards, the person who had consistently held a top position was likely to continue doing so.

The reason the two dominated the top 2 and 3 spots across all areas from the beginning was evident here.
ChatGPT

[Has everyone checked their rankings? Only those up to 690 survived, and below that is elimination. Let's see... Most with 3 or fewer quests are eliminated?]

"Angel! I only have 3 quests, but I'm still in the top ranks?"

[That's possible. If the number of quests is the same, the rankings are determined based on the order of completion. Even with only 3 completed, you can still be in the top ranks.]

"Phew, that's a relief."

"Having 4 must be in a secure position, then."

"Ahh! Damn it, if only I had completed one more!"

"Nope. I don't want to die, you [explicit]!"

[The system can't stop that either. Well then, farewell to the eliminated.]

With the angel's words, a rustling sound accompanied the scattering of particles.

As three-quarters of those present disappeared, the once bustling space now looked desolate.

Whether this happened or not, Ryu Min was only focused on checking the reward messages.

[Congratulations! You have achieved 1st place in this area's quest!] [Congratulations! You have achieved 1st place in the quest for the entire area!] [Currently, 'Black Scythe' is ranked 1st in the entire area and 1st in this area.] [As the 1st place reward for this area's ranking, 'Lucky Bundle' will be provided!] [As the 1st place reward for the entire area's ranking, 'Special Reward Selection Box' will be provided!]

Ryu Min first used the Lucky Bundle.

[Please touch the desired reward from the following options.]

└ 1. Gold Bundle

└ 2. Rune Bundle

└ 3. Material Bundle

└ 4. Equipment Bundle

'Perhaps it's generous because it's the 10th round.'

The Lucky Bundle wasn't an easily obtained item.

As seen, it was an opportunity to obtain runes for free.

'There are many choices, but I don't need anything except runes.'

Although he had tried selecting everything just in case while repeating rounds, nothing seemed to have the value of runes.

[You have chosen option 2. Rune Bundle.] [The Rune Bundle has been added to your inventory.] [Rune Bundle]

Category: Consumable

Grade: Legendary

Effect: Obtain a random rune.

Usage Restriction: Expert rank or higher

Description: An item that allows you to obtain runes randomly. Since runes do not have a separate grade, it is not influenced by the luck stat.

'If luck doesn't matter, should I try drawing one now?'

Planning to proceed with the draw, Ryu Min decided to wait for a later time.
ChatGPT

There's nothing urgent, and if something bad comes out immediately after using it, it'll just ruin the mood.

'I'll decide to use this later. For now, let's make use of something else.'

Ryu Min used the Special Reward Selection Box.

[You can choose one of the following special rewards.] [Please touch the desired reward.]

└ 1. Temporary Skill – Heaven's Gaze (Limited to Round 11)

└ 2. 1.5x Points Increase Buff (Limited to Round 11)

└ 3. Information about Round 11

A different set of options appeared compared to the experience or stat buffs from before.

Maybe someone unfamiliar with Round 11 would have pondered over what would be the best choice.

'I don't need to think about it, though.'

Round 11 is a point acquisition game.

While option 2 may seem good, Ryu Min chose option 1.

'Acquiring points is not a problem. What's important is controlling the situation.'

For that, transcendent abilities like Heaven's Gaze would be a significant help.

Above all, it's limited to this round, and there might not be another chance to use it.

[For the 690 survivors, we will provide experience as a clear reward. It will be distributed differentially based on the number of completed sub-quests, so please keep that in mind.]

After a while, along with the message about the distribution of experience, cheers from the players were heard.

"Wow. My level went up by 3."

"I went up by 4."

"I did well by completing many quests!"

While others seemed to have risen considerably, reaching level 50, Ryu Min had only gone up by 1.

But it didn't matter.

He had so many accumulated stat points.

'With over 3,000 points, leveling up doesn't make much of a difference.'

While considering redistributing points evenly upon returning, his consciousness was interrupted by a message.

◀ ROUND 10 Ended ▶

[All Areas]

└ Survivors: 137,632

[Specific Area C3-ESKA001]

└ Survivors: 690

[After a while, your soul will be transferred back to your original dimension.] [Round 11 will start on November 1st, 2022, at midnight. Congratulations on surviving. See you in the next round.]

Returning home for a few days.

Ryu Min's phone vibrated.
ChatGPT

An article from the subscribed newspaper has been posted.

[CPF Vice Commander Black Scythe Confirmed to Have Annihilated ISIS in Reality...] [FBI, Interpol Confirm: Protagonist in Beheading Video Is Indeed Al-Baghdadi, the Leader of ISIS...] [Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari Thanks Black Scythe for Taking Over Our Responsibilities...] [Airport Staff Confirms: Did Black Scythe Really Depart for Nigeria?!] [President Yoon Expresses Intent to Commend Black Scythe, Who Crushed the Public Enemy ISIS and Enhanced National Prestige...]

While presidents from various countries expressed gratitude to Ryu Min in the headlines, he had not directly heard about it.

This was because Ryu Min had set Lost Yak's phone to silent and left it unattended.

'Presidents, reporters, advertisers, team members, police chiefs, etc. Probably got messages from all over.'

Knowing that, Ryu Min didn't check his phone not because it was troublesome but because he was waiting for the right moment.

'Now is not a good time to step into the public eye. Just looking at the comments here makes that clear.'

Ryu Min checked the comments on one article.

[Black Scythe, is he a hero who saved us from the crisis? Or is he a murderer who killed thousands?]

Under a rather grand title, there were countless comments.

└ Hero, my [explicit]. He's just a serial killer.

└ Killing a criminal still gets treated like a serial killer. The high-class taste of Korea, which treats criminals like they're innocent! Should leave this hellish country soon. Pfft!

└ Don't mock, [explicit]. Why do you think there's human rights? Why is the presumption of innocence a principle? Aren't criminals also human?

└ Oh~ They're not human. Those [explicit] are worse than animals.

└ But that doesn't justify murder.

└ That's right. There's nothing as terrifying as justifying murder. If anyone goes around killing like it's nothing, why have laws? Is it reasonable in a law-abiding country?

└ Those above are funny. The Player Act already passed, allowing killing if players are dangerous. Don't you even know about the Grand Player Bill?
ChatGPT

└You're just ignorant if you don't know about the law. The Grand Player Act is for situations where there's real danger. Black Scythe hunted down and slaughtered those who were quietly doing nothing right now. Is that the same? And he killed not only players but also civilians?

└Why are you calling IS civilians? They're all the same, criminals, terrorists, [explicit].

└ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ It's the first time I've seen an [explicit] shielding IS while alive.

└Agree. Shielding like a fanatic, probably a Muslim.

└Even if you state facts, they shield and claim victory. [Explicit]. Black Scythe is a murderer, no more, no less.

└I support the opinion that he's a murderer. No matter what, killing not just one person but thousands? Can't consider them as human. Just demons.

└President Yoon and Nigerian President thanked him. Isn't that enough?

└Right. In fact, it's practically admitted by the presidents. They don't consider Black Scythe's actions as a crime.

└So, did Black Scythe do well?

└Isn't it a good thing?

└IS is the worst terrorist group that all countries are hostile to. Isn't it good that he killed them?

└My opinion is different. Murder has crossed the line.

└Come to think of it, during wars, there were people who killed too [explicit] ㅋㅋㅋㅋ

└Everyone is so noisy. Instead of keyboard fighting here, go wipe your feet and sleep.

The comment section was heated.

The debate whether he's a hero or not continued endlessly.

'Would it be right for me to shoot an ad, receive a commendation from the president, and even do an interview in this situation?'

Ryu Min shook his head.

'It might even backfire.'

Adding fuel to the fire in a situation where tensions are high could have consequences.

If that happens, it would be contrary to the intention of raising Black Scythe's status.

So, Ryu Min waited.

He decided not to touch Lost Yak's phone until the flames of the controversy died down.

However.

The flames died down sooner than expected.

An article was posted to put an end to the controversy.