
ChatGPT

Title: "The 100th Regression of a Max Level Player - Episode 168"

Watching Again?

Ryumin, pretending to go to the bathroom, immediately transformed into the appearance of Hwang Yongmin.

He concealed his attire by wearing low-level equipment.

It's something unimaginable for Ryumin.

"Is that bastard Joo Sungtak going to throw away his crutch and come running angrily the moment he sees me?"

Ryumin, prepared and ready, loitered outside the front door.

Then he made eye contact with Joo Sungtak.

"You, you bastard!"

Joo Sungtak, distorted with anger, rushed towards him as if to kill.

It was expected, but he didn't throw away the crutch.

"That son of a b*tch has finally shown up! This punk who thinks he's cool even when chewed up!"

As Joo Sungtak approached, he threw the crutch equipped with gear.

However, Ryumin had already foreseen the future using the runes of the Rune of Time.

'Once I dodge the crutch, he will draw a dagger and simultaneously use the curse of fear.'

In the midst of the stiffness caused by fear, he planned to pierce his throat.

'It's not a bad plan, but I have no intention of being on the receiving end.'

Ryumin casually dodged the incoming crutch.

Thud!

As a result, Joo Sungtak's field of vision was disrupted, and in that gap, Ryumin closed the distance and punched him in the face.

Crunch!

"Agh!"

Breaking a few teeth, he lightly kicked the twisted guy's side.

Splat!

"Ahh!"

After he collapsed, Ryumin grabbed the guy's hair distorted with pain and pounded the ground.

Once, twice, thrice.

Seeing the guy with a torn forehead bleeding and unable to regain his senses, the desire to beat him up further disappeared.

"Hey, Joo Sungtak."

"Ugh, you son of a b*tch."

"Wake up, man. Otherwise, I'll hit your head even harder, got it?"

"Ugh, you bastard."

'If I can hear his thoughts, he must have sobered up.'

Smiling inwardly, Ryumin pressed his head to block his gaze and prevent him from using the curse of fear.

"You, after I went through the trouble of telling you to wake up a bit, you come at me like crazy? You're really asking for it. Still haven't come to your senses?"

"...."
ChatGPT

"That's right, why charge in without the skills to back it up? What did you think would happen if you rushed in next time? Huh? Unable to use a single skill, you're just a beaten-down fool."

"...."

"If you recklessly charge in like that, do you think some nonexistent power will appear? Understand your place, idiot. Or did you come looking for my taste because you miss it? Then I'll grant your wish. Where should I cut? Maybe this time, gouge out an eyeball?"

Even without reading his thoughts, it was evident that he was seething with anger.

'It must be humiliating. Even a high-ranking person has some pride.'

If it goes on a bit longer, he might be able to chase him away as intended.

"Hey. Say something. How should I handle you? Should I just start the treatment as I please?"

"...."

"Not saying anything, boring. Just get lost, you beggar."

Ignoring the jeers, Joo Sungtak silently got up from his seat, leaning on his crutch.

Tap-tap-tap.

"Tsk tsk, look at him moving obediently at the word 'get lost.' Do you want to live in such a pathetic state?"

Mocking openly while looking at the back of his head, Joo Sungtak didn't turn around.

He walked away silently, like a defeated soldier.

"You, if you appear in front of me again, I'll really kill you. Got it?"

With a nod, Joo Sungtak, who had walked out of the front door, soon disappeared from sight.

'If he went this far in front of people, he probably won't show up for a while, even if he's embarrassed.'

Smirking, Ryumin suddenly turned his head.

The intense gazes of the followers of the Death Cult were directed at him.

"Ahem, sorry for suddenly fighting in the sacred sect. As you can see, that guy drew his sword and attacked first."

"Oh, do you know him?"

In response to Eom Junseok's question, Ryumin nodded vaguely.

"I do know him, but don't worry about it. He's just a crazy guy."

At that moment, Ryumin's eyes met with Seo Arin's.

Seeing the sudden anger in her eyes, Ryumin realized.

'Come to think of it, I currently look like Hwang Yongmin?'

Hwang Yongmin had ambushed Seo Arin in the early stages, so their relationship wasn't good.

'I shouldn't stay like this for too long.'

Since he didn't initially plan to stay in this appearance, he grumbled and turned away.

"Everyone, please go about your business. Sorry for causing trouble for no reason."

"Weren't you here to join our sect?"

"Well, I was, but I'll join later."
ChatGPT

Leaving only those words to Eom Junseok, Ryumin moved away from where people's eyes could reach.

Then immediately transformed back to his original appearance.

After removing his equipment, he used invisibility and secretly approached behind Minjuri, tapping her shoulder.

"Ah! Surprise! When did you get here?"

"Just a little while ago."

"Where were you?"

"I was watching the fight over there."

"You saw it too? Those two fighting."

"It wasn't much of a fight, to be honest."

"That's true. One side was mercilessly beating the other. Beating someone who was defenseless with arms and legs... I seriously debated whether to help or not."

'Well, to people who don't know the circumstances, it probably looked like I was ruthlessly beating a helpless disabled person.'

But there would be those who understood.

After all, he had been the one whose eye got gouged first, prompting the retaliation.

Ryumin sneakily glanced at Seo Arin.

Due to the appearance of Hwang Yongmin earlier, his thoughts were a bit complicated.

'It seems he's contemplating whether to go after Hwang Yongmin for revenge or not.'

Summoners typically shine in the mid-to-late game as the number of summoned creatures increases.

With Seo Arin's current abilities, she wouldn't lose to anyone in a fight.

Seeking revenge against Hwang Yongmin would be trivial.

Of course, this is considering the time when Hwang Yongmin was still alive.

'Leaving that aside, Joo Sungtak, that guy. Somehow, I have a feeling he's going to cause trouble....'

He succeeded in sending him out of the sect, but it didn't mean the bomb had been defused.

He could control his anger well in front of the strong, but he had a high probability of acting violently in front of the weak.

'Given Joo Sungtak's temperament, that seems likely.'

While thinking it's dangerous to leave it as it is, Huh Taeseok led the people inside.

"Come on, the show is over. Please come inside. We'll finish the discussion."

As Ryumin followed inside, he glanced back.

That time bomb-like guy was unsettling.

Tap-tap-tap.

Limping, Joo Sungtak returned home with a pitiful demeanor.

Beep-beep-beep—ring.

Living on the top floor of a four-story multi-unit building, Joo Sungtak tossed aside the crutch he had been using.

"Damn it, damn it!"

As he forcefully spewed out his angry breath, he suddenly felt a throbbing pain in his ribcage.
ChatGPT

While walking, Joo Sungtak used emergency treatment, but it seems difficult to reconnect the broken bones.

His head is dizzy, and his jaw feels numb in various places where he was hit.

"Damn it."

Joo Sungtak, taking a beer can from the fridge, sat down on a chair.

Crack - Thud!

He emptied one can right there, then casually tossed it away as if it were bothersome.

"Ugh, you bastard... I must definitely repay today's humiliation."

Of course, he had no intention of backing down like this.

He had a personality where he couldn't let go of a debt incurred.

Since the incident where he stabbed his parents to death, Joo Sungtak had made up his mind to be reborn.

To break free from boredom and live a life that would no longer confine him.

'But that doesn't mean I should recklessly charge in....'

It was uncharacteristically reckless of him.

Even if he planned the fight strategically, he impulsively stabbed with a dagger.

'Unlike last time, I should have made a trap after making a corpse....'

He got excited as soon as he saw the guy.

Memories of the past four months' suffering flooded back.

He had poured all his living expenses into creating fake limbs like a robot, living a beggar-like life.

Fortunately, he could easily secure funds by selling items he obtained in the other world at the Pluplu Market.

'Being a disabled person hasn't changed at all.'

In an instant, he became disabled, unable to control his body properly.

His mind was always heated with anger.

He endured each day with the sole thought of finding and killing that person he didn't even know the name of.

But luckily, today he could meet him.

There was no room in Joo Sungtak's mind, which day after day indulged in the imagination of tearing limbs apart, to find any rationality.

The reason he impulsively charged without thinking about the consequences was right here.

"Damn it, the more I think, the more pissed off I get!"

Thud!

He punched the wall, causing it to dent.

Even though he lacked arms and legs, he was still an undeniable player beyond human capabilities.

He was confident in winning.

There was undoubtedly a chance of victory.

'If only I could use skills, it would be over...!'

Originally, he planned to approach him, cast the curse of fear, and then stab with a dagger.

But the guy quickly knocked his face off first.

After that, he just kept getting hit without being able to use any skills.
ChatGPT

'I've definitely realized from this incident. Approaching that guy is dangerous.'

It seems that guy is a warrior class with increased strength, and if he categorizes himself, he leans more towards the wizard class.

Isn't it common sense for a wizard not to close the distance when facing a warrior?

'I foolishly thought I could just cast fear and stab him like facing a monster.'

Even last time, when he cast the curse of fear, the guy resisted.

Now, he realizes that it would have been more advantageous to plan on hitting him with a corpse explosion rather than fear.

'Next time, I won't lose for sure. I'll prepare thoroughly and kill him.'

Even though he doesn't know the name or nickname, there is a way to find that guy.

Since he showed interest in the Death Cult, if he goes and asks again about the guy's identity, he might get some information.

'Once I know his real name, I can track him using [Trace].'

But what if the cult leader doesn't disclose the information as private?

'I'll have to torture the cult leader to find out.'

While entertaining that thought with a sly smile...

Ding-dong - Ding-dong -

Suddenly, the sound of a doorbell being pressed is heard.

Ding-dong-ding-dong-ding-dong-ding-dong!

"Oh, damn it, who is this? Press it properly, for goodness' sake."

Joo Sungtak, limping, went to the front door and opened it.

A middle-aged muscular guy with tattoos, looking around 40, is glaring at him with a threatening expression.

"What is it?"

"Look at this. As soon as you see it, you say 'What is it?' Is this a joke?"

"What's the matter with you?"

"Well, a young-looking guy with a short temper, look at this."

Kim Jongseon, a 40-year-old gangster, wanted to throw a punch right away due to his irritation but refrained.

'Nowadays, even the younger ones are in high positions.'

Just because he's a player doesn't mean he can rampage around as he pleases.

The guy in front of him, who looks like a disabled person, also has a high probability of being a player.

'Damn idiot.'

A smirk appeared on his face, but if he messes with him, only he will suffer.

Ordinary people don't become targets for players, a well-known common sense.

So, he decided to swallow his temper.

"What's the matter?"

"Well, I live downstairs. I heard a noise similar to someone hitting the wall earlier. Let's keep it down a bit. I was taking a nap, and it woke me up."

"What? Taking a nap?"
ChatGPT

Joo Sungtak gave Kim Jongseon an incredulous look, but Kim Jongseon turned away as if he had said everything.

"Anyway, be careful."

Until the sound of the door closing from downstairs, Joo Sungtak couldn't close the front door.

It was because he was dumbfounded.

"Ha, damn it, that pig guy, did he mock me a while ago?"

Now, he's not even treated as a player but is being ignored by ordinary people.

Thump -

Joo Sungtak, who closed the door, returned to the living room and let out another bewildered sigh.

"What? Woken up from a nap? Do I have to consider your nap time, you bastard?"

Frustrated, Joo Sungtak went back to the entrance and brought back his crutch.

"Oh, since you've woken up, I'll wake you up even more."

Then he stomped the floor several times.

Thump, thump, thump, thump, thump! Thump, thump, thump, thump, thump!

"How about that? You bastard. Does this wake you up? Awake?"

Thump, thump, thump, thump, thump! Thump, thump, thump, thump, thump!

Joo Sungtak, who blatantly caused noise between the floors, angrily threw his crutch in frustration.

That was when...

Ding-dong, ding-dong!

"This damn bastard came up again?"

Anger surged again at the sound of the doorbell.

"Do I look like an easy target just because I'm disabled? Come up, and I'll scrape out every organ from your belly."

Joo Sungtak, equipped with gear and holding a dagger, limped forward, ready to open the door.

But the person who rang the doorbell wasn't from downstairs.

"Hello? Nice to see you again?"

The guy who gave him unforgettable humiliation in the cult was standing there, smiling and shaking hands.