
ChatGPT

Title: "The 100th Regression of a Max-Level Player - Episode 212"

4 vs. 2

"Ugh."

A disappointed sound escaped from Jeffrey's mouth.

Not revealing their appearance from the beginning was to surprise them like this.

However, it seemed they were detected, and it quickly came to a simple halt.

"You had more allies."

Ma Kyung-rok mocked Jeffrey and Joo Sung-tak.

"A butler and a disabled person... Heh, did you really think it would be safe to assume it's just 4 vs. 2? Kristen?"

"Who said it's 4 vs. 2?"

When she turned her head, Seo Arin was standing there with her summoned creatures.

Four fairies, three golems, and two soul knights formed a formidable force.

"Mr. Representative, can we stop now? Do you think this will be resolved this way?"

"Learn, Seo."

Ma Kyung-rok's forehead wrinkled with dissatisfaction.

"I brought a talentless girl like you and raised you this much. I didn't expect you to stab me in the back like this."

"Didn't you invest in me because you saw potential from the beginning?"

"Now you're talking back. You held on until the 12th round, and you've become quite a player, huh?"

"A lot has happened. I learned not to trust people like you."

"So that's why you haven't been fitting in with us lately? To betray us like this."

"Don't cosplay as the victim. It won't turn a murder into something that didn't happen."

"Why not? It would be simple if I just killed everyone here."

Ma Kyung-rok laughed psychopathically.

Now he openly revealed his murderous intent.

"It can't be helped. I have to subdue him."

"Hehe, unbelievable. Can you really subdue me with your skills, Seo...?"

Before he could finish his sentence, Ma Kyung-rok quickly twisted his body.

The golden rays of the fairy's light swept past where he had been.

"While this cowardly girl is talking..."

Enraged, Ma Kyung-rok raised his sword.

He abandoned pretenses and was ready to kill here.

Driven solely by that determination, he lunged forward.

"No need to take her down, just kill her!"

However, before his sword could reach Seo Arin, it was blocked.

Clang!

Three golems stood in front like sturdy tanks.
ChatGPT

"That blockhead and his cronies."

Ma Kyung-rok swung the dark aura-laden sword.

Thud, thud!

The sturdy golems collapsed like tofu.

It was a Dark Ora capable of cutting even through iron chains.

There was no way to withstand it.

As Ma Kyung-rok was about to overcome the last golem, he suddenly retrieved his sword and struck the ground.

Zzziiiiing!

Four fairies emitted beams in various directions.

Ma Kyung-rok, who barely avoided them, felt a chill.

"These annoying gnats..."

The damage from the beams increased according to the summoner Seo Arin's magic power.

As the level increased, fairies also became stronger.

It was wise to avoid them since the firepower was enough to create smoke rising from the ground.

Although there was a defense skill called Dark Armor, it was weak against magical damage, so he had to be even more cautious.

"Where did these summoned creatures come from?"

Shuaaaak!

The sword surrounded by Dark Ora sliced the soul knight's body in two.

"Now, only one is left."

Ma Kyung-rok smiled, but it was short-lived.

The remaining soul knight's size suddenly increased dramatically.

"What's going on?"

In the blink of an eye, the soul knight, now about 1.5 times larger, disappeared from sight.

Surprised, Ma Kyung-rok reflexively raised his sword when the soul knight's sword clashed.

Kkaaang!

Ma Kyung-rok's eyebrows twitched at the increased power.

"Strength and speed have increased. Moreover..."

Kkaaang! Kkaaang! Kkaaang!

"He's blocking my attacks with the Dark Ora."

The Dark Ora, which he thought could cut through anything, was blocked by the summoned creature's sword.

It was absurd, but he couldn't deny it.

The soul knight's formidable attack couldn't be overlooked.

"Annihilation Strike."

At the moment when the concentrated Dark Ora was about to cleave through the soul knight's body.

Flinch-
ChatGPT

Ma Kyung-rok's body tilted to one side.

"What's this? Provocation skill?"

The remaining golem cast a provocation skill, diverting Ma Kyung-rok's attention.

As a result, the counterattack aimed at the wrong target, hitting the golem.

Crash, crash, crash!

The last golem twisted and disappeared miserably.

Seo Arin, surprised by the unexpectedly powerful force, wasted no time.

"Now's the time! Subdue Ma Kyung-rok!"

Mentally commanding her summons, fairies and the soul knight rushed forward simultaneously.

Observing the fairies preparing their rays once again, Ma Kyung-rok retracted the dark aura and enveloped his entire body.

It was the perfect timing to use the skill he learned upon reaching level 60.

"Dark Dimension."

A skill that allows the body to phase through attacks by spatializing itself.

Was it because of this?

Although the rays and the soul knight's strike came simultaneously, Ma Kyung-rok suffered no damage at all.

On the contrary, it was his summons that took damage.

The attacks were reflected as they were due to dimensional refraction.

Chiiiiing!

Squelch-!

Ironically, the fairy and the soul knight were obliterated by their own attacks.

In an instant, all the summons were wiped out, and Seo Arin, dazed, snapped back to reality.

"Summon, summon...!"

She hastily tried to summon more creatures, but it was futile.

Only a message indicating a 10-minute cooldown appeared.

Ma Kyung-rok had already reached right in front of Seo Arin.

"It's time to die."

Just as he was about to swing his sword.

Ting-!

Ma Kyung-rok, who blocked the thrown daggers from the side, frowned.

"You're getting in the way, Assassin apprentice."

Ting- Ting!

While Jeffrey diverted attention by throwing daggers, Seo Arin distanced herself from Ma Kyung-rok.

Feeling annoyed, Ma Kyung-rok immediately changed his target.

"Anyway, Seo is in a state of attack inability. Can't do anything for a while."

Deciding to deal with the troublesome Jeffrey first and then aim for Seo Arin again.

"It won't be difficult to kill just one of those pests."

Dodging Jeffrey's throws and closing the distance, Ma Kyung-rok swung his sword.

Swish- Swish!

Perhaps due to his nature as an assassin, his body movements for evasion were agile.
ChatGPT

"He doesn't seem to have the intention to block. He must be aware. Trying to block with a dagger would only lead to his death."

Although quite fast, using the Dark Aura, Ma Kyung-rok could easily bind his opponent's feet.

Like this.

Swish- Thud!

"Heh."

The Dark Aura encircling Jeffrey kicked him aside.

"It's over."

An assassin with bound legs is as good as disabled.

As if proving this fact, Ma Kyung-rok thrust his sword into Jeffrey's chest.

"Ugh!"

While dying, Jeffrey let out a scream, but Ma Kyung-rok overlooked something.

"What? A doppelganger?"

The one he killed was Jeffrey's doppelganger.

"Could it be the 60-level skill of an assassin..."

He realized belatedly, but it was already too late.

Jeffrey had somehow gotten behind Ma Kyung-rok.

"Die..."

Despite shouting dramatically that he would stab his throat, Thunk-!

Due to Ahn Sang-cheol's shield push, Jeffrey's counterattack ended up incomplete.

"Are you okay, Representative?"

"Thank you, Manager Ahn. I almost went to the afterlife with just a glance."

While Jeffrey, who missed the opportunity, was letting out a sigh, Ma Kyung-rok was smiling.

Now, Jeffrey couldn't use his doppelganger or invisibility.

"Jeffrey now has only death left. Should I continue to kill Seo Arin and Kristen?"

Ma Kyung-rok, who had the three in his sight, suddenly felt discomfort.

"Wait a minute. Come to think of it, wasn't there one more person?"

The disabled person who was holding weapons is nowhere to be seen.

Considering that he is not even detected, it seems like he got scared and ran away.

"Well, I can't help it. I have to kill the three remaining here."

The situation was extremely favorable for Ma Kyung-rok.

There was no one here to block the Dark Ora, which became stronger according to the dark magic power possessed.

Although there was Kristen, praised as a saint, there were limitations to protecting her comrades.

She could only heal, and there was no way to stop the overwhelming force that could cut anything in one stroke.

"It's over. All of you."

Therefore, Ma Kyung-rok was at ease.

He never thought it would be his downfall.

"Huh?"

In the slow approach of Ma Kyung-rok, the disabled person, who was thought to have escaped, appeared.

Seeing the smiling Joo Sung-tak, Ma Kyung-rok felt an inexplicable sense of unease.
ChatGPT

"What are you laughing at?"

Following his gaze, Ma Kyung-rok turned his head, only to find the corpse of Ma Kyung-su, whom he had killed.

"Corpse explosion."

As soon as Joo Sung-tak muttered quietly,

Kwaaaaang!

Ma Kyung-su's corpse exploded, and Ma Kyung-rok's body flew and slammed against the wall of the warehouse.

It happened in an instant.

"Heh, ugh..."

Although he felt the pain of his flesh burning, Ma Kyung-rok managed to get up.

It wasn't to the point where he couldn't stand.

However, complacency was not allowed.

"Corpse explosion."

Following Joo Sung-tak's consecutive corpse explosions, the corpse of Ma Kyung-sang inside the warehouse exploded.

Kwaaaaang!

With the thunderous sound, the small warehouse exploded, and the unsuspecting Ma Kyung-rok was thrown away.

"Ugh..."

Having suffered consecutive explosions, Ma Kyung-rok had no strength to stand up, but he eventually managed to get back on his knees.

Then, staggering, he was about to fall, but Ahn Sang-cheol caught him just in time.

"Are you okay?"

"My rib feels like it's popped out."

"It won't do for now. Plan for another day."

"..."

Ma Kyung-rok bit his lips as if in anger, but he didn't have many options.

"Let's go."

In the end, leaning on Ahn Sang-cheol's support, he turned his back.

"Where are you going!"

Jeffrey tried to chase, but he involuntarily stopped at Ma Kyung-rok's sharp gaze.

"If you're confident, come. Killing someone like you is child's play."

"..."

Ma Kyung-rok warned in English without hesitation and disappeared with Ahn Sang-cheol.

No one pursued them.

Neither Seo Arin, nor Kristen, nor Jeffrey.

They all realized how strong Ma Kyung-rok was.

"We ultimately missed him. What should we do?"

"There's nothing we can do."

As Seo Arin asked, unexpectedly, another person's voice was heard.

The one who answered was none other than Yamti.

"Huh? Yamti-nim?"

Though Seo Arin, who was in a trance, reflected, her face turned puzzled.

"Yamti-nim, how did you come here...?"

"I heard about the situation from Lord Black Scythe and came."

"Ah."

As Seo Arin remembered that Yamti was an acquaintance of Lord Black Scythe, she nodded her head.

Then it made sense for him to come here.
ChatGPT

The situation was already over.

"If you came to help, you're a bit late."

"Hmm. Is that so?"

Even though he came late, Yamti didn't seem disappointed. Instead, he looked satisfied as if he had completed his task. Although Seo Arin found his expression odd, she dismissed it as her own misconception, unaware that it wasn't a misconception.

"Phew, l-let's rest for a bit."

"Yes, Representative."

Ma Kyung-rok leaned against a tree.

His injuries were too severe to proceed with the expedition.

"It was unexpected. That disabled guy turned out to be so strong..."

Using a corpse as an explosive device.

Even if he didn't know who it was, that level of skill could easily place him in the top five.

"How are your injuries?"

"Don't worry, I'm fine. Just a cracked rib and some burned skin, nothing major."

He spoke as if it were nothing, but Ma Kyung-rok was aware.

His injuries were severe enough that emergency treatment couldn't fully address them.

'If only Kristen's healing was available at times like this.'

With healing, bones could be mended, and damaged skin tissues could be easily restored.

"I swear. Jumping around trying to kill me at one moment, and feeling regretful at another."

Ma Kyung-rok chuckled self-deprecatingly, indicating that he was ready to get up. However, strangely, Ahn Sang-cheol didn't respond. He just created an unexpectedly heavy atmosphere.

"How about we go back now?"

"What are you talking about?"

"If you receive healing from Kristen, you can be treated. Confess your mistakes and get treatment."

At those words, Ma Kyung-rok's expression turned icy.

"Director Ahn. Are you telling me to get treatment and go to jail?"

"Isn't that better than losing your life?"

In response to those irritating words, Ma Kyung-rok openly showed a resentful expression.

"It's as if you're treating me like a dead person."

"I am treating you as a dead person because I will kill you."

"What...?"

Puk!

Ma Kyung-rok looked down at his chest with an astonished expression.

What had pierced his flesh was none other than Ahn Sang-cheol's sword.