
ChatGPT

Title: Episode 238 of the 100th Regression for Max Level Players

Rune of Predation

The conditions for the 14th round sub-quest are simple.

Defeat the Predation Larvae within 5 minutes of their appearance.

Then, the sub-quest reward will be given to the person with the highest contribution.

'Not as easy as it sounds.'

When Ryu Min first learned about the existence of the sub-quest, he was perplexed.

How do you defeat someone who reflects 90% of the damage within 5 minutes?

'To defeat it in 5 minutes, Master-level players must stick close and deal damage continuously.'

Then you can kill it in 5 minutes, no, in 2 minutes.

However, as long as there is a special rule reflecting 90% of the damage, that won't happen.

'I'll die as soon as I hit it a couple of times due to the reflected damage.'

But hitting gently is not an option with a 5-minute time limit.

'Later, I realized. The 14th round sub-quest is designed so that ordinary people can't clear it.'

Ryu Min tried various methods, but none of them worked.

The reflected damage was a confirmed damage that couldn't be avoided or blocked.

Ah, there was one way to block it.

'Using invincibility. There's no other way to complete the sub-quest.'

If he utilizes the invincibility he received as a special reward from the previous round, he can even block reflected damage.

He already experimented and knows it well.

Therefore, Ryu Min's steps towards the Predation Larvae were confident.

"Grurook? Grukk!"

The Predation Larva, noticing Ryu Min, made a bizarre sound.

As if happy to see the approaching food, it growled without any preparation.

Papak-!

It was a speed that would catch you if your agility was below 1,000.

'Unfortunately, my agility is close to 300,000.'

Dodging the tongue, Ryu Min jumped up to the top of the Predation Larva's head.

'As long as there is invincibility, there's no need to be lenient.'

Still, facing such a weak opponent would hurt his pride to use all his strength.

'I'll finish it with a Moonlight Flash.'

Before that, Ryu Min used invincibility.
ChatGPT

[Temporary Skill 'Invincibility' has been activated.] [Immunity to all damage for 60 seconds.] [You have used a one-time use skill.] [The skill disappears from the skill window.]

As soon as he felt his body being protected, Ryu Min used Moonlight Flash.

Keeeeng-

Soon, a flash flickered above the head of the Predation Larva.

Kwua-kwua-kwua-kwua-kwung-!

"Uwaaaah!"

Simultaneously with the explosion of the Predation Larva's body, vibrations equivalent to an earthquake occurred.

When the startled players barely regained their balance in the shaking meadow.

A man standing through the hazy dust became visible.

It was none other than a black scythe.

[You have defeated the Predation Larva!] [There is a hidden sub-quest!]

└ Defeat the Predation Larva within 5 minutes of its appearance.

└ Upon success ▶ Receive the Rune of Predation.

[You have completed the sub-quest!] [As a sub-quest reward, the 'Rune of Predation' is granted!] [The acquired rune is automatically engraved on the player's body!] [Rune of Predation]

Effect: Experience points and gold obtained from killing monsters are doubled.

Gain stat points and predation stacks based on the level of the killed monster.

Receive additional effects based on the accumulated stack count.

└ Stack 100 or more ▶ ????

└ Stack 300 or more ▶ ????

└ Stack 1,000 or more ▶ ????

└ Stack 3,000 or more ▶ ????

└ Stack 10,000 or more ▶ ????

'Finally got it. Rune of Predation.'

[Black Flame Dragon in the Right Hand], which he killed before, had a similar rune.

'It was a rune that gained stats by killing players or monsters.'

The difference is that the Rune of Predation applies only to monsters.

'But it's not backward compatible. Each accumulated stack provides additional effects.'

Unlike other runes, the Predation Rune stack is not filled with a certain amount and then consumed.

It continues to accumulate.

Therefore, the effects received from the stack are considered a kind of permanent buff.

'The rewards for defeating the Predation Larva should come in after the results are tallied.'

He smirked and turned around, realizing that the gazes of the people were focused on him.

Each expression was filled with astonishment.

"To handle that giant monster in an instant...."

"It, it wasn't as strong as I thought? Haha...."

"It looked strong just by appearance...."
ChatGPT

이 텍스트는 소설이나 게임의 일부분인 것으로 보입니다. 작가는 플레이어들이 10차 웨이브를 통과하며 겪는 상황을 묘사하고 있습니다. 몬스터 처치 후 특수 룰이 공개되어, 그 동안의 전투가 어떻게 진행되었는지 플레이어들과 독자에게 전달되고 있습니다.

검은 낫이 10%의 대미지로 포식충을 처치했다는 사실에 대한 의문과 놀람이 플레이어들 사이에 퍼져 있습니다. 또한, 임시 스킬 '무적'의 지속시간이 끝나면서 류민이 다가올 위험에 대한 인식이 나타납니다.

이어서, 류민은 현실로 돌아가서 다가오는 위험에 대비하기 위해 행동할 것으로 보입니다. 그리고 이 텍스트는 특별한 상황에서의 긴장감과 전투의 미묘한 감정을 플레이어와 독자에게 전달하고 있습니다.
ChatGPT

The parasitic creature is dead, and the 10th wave has come to an end.

Looking at the ones holding onto his limbs, there seems to be no intention of letting go until the end.

'I need to warp the Black Scythe... That's the only way I can survive the game as promised... Damn it!'

All plans ruined because of these lunatics.

The frustration gnawed at him, but only for a moment.

As he looked at the Black Scythe smirking at him, a chilling shock ran through his body.

'No way... Does it know?’

It's not just his own delusion.

It's looking directly at him, mocking, as if it knows everything.

'What about the guys who held me down...?'

Were they also directed by the Black Scythe?

"Ah."

Now all the questions were answered.

Why those emotionless guys were stuck like glue.

Why the Black Scythe was mocking him.

'It knew everything. Even the plan to force-warp me to heaven.'

Otherwise, there's no way they could keep him captive from such a distance.

"Hahaha... This is totally messed up."

For a moment, he felt like a fool.

The disappointed laughter from the nonchalant mukbang echoed in his ears.

Even though he might not know, now it's the Black Scythe's turn to step forward.

'Am I just going to take this lying down?'

The suppressed anger began to rise.

Thinking of the items in his inventory, a warp book immediately appeared in his left hand.

'If I can't send the Black Scythe, I'll send someone else.'

He pressed the book against the body of Yang Chweon, who was holding onto his left arm.

"La Crashi Betanum!"

"...."

He shouted boldly, but there was no reaction.

'Wasn't this the spell?'

Strange glances from the surroundings.

"La Crashi Betanum!"

"...."

"La Creshe Betom!"

The more he shouted the incantation, the more attention he attracted.

"What is he saying? That person?"

"That guy was the one from the homosexual incident earlier, right?"

"He didn't get hit on the head during the battle, did he?"

"In any case, it's weird."

Despite the laughter of the people, the mukbang stubbornly tried to remember the activation word.
ChatGPT

"Darn it, what was it? Betanum? Betom? Where did I go wrong? I'm sure I memorized it!"

His mind went blank with confusion.

He couldn't pinpoint where he made the mistake.

"The Black Scythe is watching me!"

He tries to stop his actions.

But before that, he needs to remember the spell quickly...

"Ah! I remember."

The nonchalant mukbang shouted, holding the book.

"La Grashi Betom!"

At that moment, a crimson light flowed from the violet bead embedded in the book.

Seeing a reaction, it seems the spell worked correctly.

"Okay. With this, I sent at least one to heaven..."

The mukbang's thoughts didn't continue any further.

Suddenly, violet hands protruded from the bead, grabbing Yang Chweon.

"Screaaam!"

Squelch-squelch!

With each time his body went into the bead, the sound of bones crunching echoed.

Squelch-quadddd-dudud-!

When the eerie sound stopped, Yang Chweon's body had already been sucked into the bead.

"What... What did I see?"

His left arm was now free, but the mukbang couldn't move easily.

"Did he get warped to heaven? But it looked too painful for a warp..."

It was strange, but it wasn't over yet.

"Screaaam!"

"Squeeeal!"

Multiple hands emerged from the bead, grabbing Dark Soul, Placeowi, and Spanish's head, pulling them in.

As if going into a meat grinder, the sound of bones being crushed accompanied them.

Squelch-dudud-quadddd-

Even the mukbang was not exempt from this gruesome fate.

Snap!

Caught by a demonic grip, the mukbang's leg was pulled into the bead.

Quaddddd-crack!

As the leg was sucked into the tiny bead, a dreadful pain was felt.

"Sa-save...!"

Only after the entire head had gone into the bead, there was nothing left around the book.

Just players staring dumbfounded at the situation.

"What did I just witness?"

"All five who were there just got sucked into the bead."

"What happened?"

Setting aside their curiosity, the book floated in mid-air on its own.

Wooom-
ChatGPT

A crimson magic circle formed around the book, and the bead separated with a slight pop.

"What's this?"

"Huh?"

"Is it getting bigger?"

Soon, the bead, now inflated like a balloon, expanded to the size of a person.

Inside the bead, there was a shadow.

A shadow in the shape of a person.

Sizzle-sizzle!

Gold started to cover the surface of the bead, and then with a shattering sound, it burst into fragments.

What appeared with it was...

[Long time no see. It's been a while since I've breathed the air of the human world.]

A demon with bat-like wings and a tail spoke.

Michael hurriedly sought out Gabriel.

He wanted to know if the plan had been executed.

[What happened? Did you make contact with the player chosen by Nemesis?] [Of course. I met him as planned and handed over the Demon Resurrection Book. I deceived him, saying it's a book that can warp to heaven.] [Did he believe that?] [He believed it. Without any suspicion.]

"Che. In the end, it went according to Gabriel's plan."

This is a big problem.

If the player chosen by fate approaches the Black Scythe and uses the Resurrection Book, his own wishes will end here.

No matter how powerful the Black Scythe is, if it becomes a sacrifice for the Resurrection Book, that's the end of it.

Perhaps misunderstanding Michael's worried expression, Gabriel calmly spoke.

[Don't worry, Michael. Everything will go smoothly.] [Is there no possibility of failure?] [Who do you think I am? I intentionally mentioned that it activates upon contact with the body to minimize the chance of failure.] [Then I'll try to stay as close as possible when using it.] [That's right. Originally, it only activates within a 10m range.]

When the player chosen by fate uses the book, all players within a 10m range are sucked into the bead as sacrifices.

Even the Black Scythe, no matter how powerful it is.

[Whether you know it or not, the soul of the Black Scythe is now a sacrifice for the Resurrection Book, entering the embrace of the Demon Lord. Since we gave a wonderful sacrifice, even if he uses the Resurrection Book as he pleases, the Demon Lord won't be displeased.] [That's true.]

Although he responded promptly, Michael's expression remained troubled.

He was worried about the possibility of the Black Scythe dying.
ChatGPT

[Are you still worried?] [Did you definitely hide the item information? Did you accurately convey both the item and the activation word?] [Of course. I saved the information window before handing over the Resurrection Book. Would you like to check it once?] [Sure.]

Nodding, the information window of the item that the mukbang had received appeared in front of Michael.

[Demon Resurrection Book]

Category: Consumable

Grade: God

Effect: Summoning the Manifestation of the Demon Lord

Usage Restriction: Master Grade or above

Description: An item that can devour sacrifices within a 10m radius to summon the manifestation of the Demon Lord. However, the summoned manifestation is weak, only 1/100th of the main body.