
ChatGPT

죄송합니다만, 주어진 텍스트가 소설이나 웹 소설의 일부인 것으로 보이며, 특별한 질문이나 요청이 없는 경우에는 이에 대한 추가 정보나 진행을 이어나가기는 어렵습니다. 다른 질문이나 요청이 있으면 알려주세요!
ChatGPT

"In the midst of battle, I won't die. At least not until I die myself."

However, he couldn't let go of the tension.

There were two Archangels.

"I might have inflicted some damage with that last attack, but it probably wasn't fatal."

Or so he thought.

Gabriel, with an indifferent expression, was casually brushing off his wings and getting up.

[Raphael, did you witness such a sight in front of you? Unable to avoid a single human attack.] [Are you okay?] [Thanks to you, not a scratch.]

It wasn't just boasting.

Gabriel's body really showed no signs of injury.

"No matter how much I controlled my strength, he's completely unharmed?"

Surprised, Ryu Min only understood the mystery when he read his thoughts.

"It's because of that angel named Raphael."

Though lacking combat abilities, she was an angel with various support skills.

Gabriel remained unharmed, thanks to the protective shield set up by Raphael.

"It won't work. I have to target Raphael first..."

But Gabriel seemed to be aware of that fact, as he stepped back, leaving Raphael in the front.

[Come behind me. Judging by the impact, this human seems somewhat formidable.] [I agree.]

Seeing Gabriel protecting Raphael, Ryu Min had a hunch.

"These guys won't be easy, huh?"

It didn't mean he lacked confidence.

He was confident enough to win once he got into the fight. The problem was that he had to fight while protecting his sister in a confined space.

Without taking his eyes off the Archangels, Ryu Min spoke.

"Listen carefully, Ryu Won. This is a life-or-death emergency. Don't go anywhere and don't move in the room."

"H-here? Just stay still here?"

"Yeah. It'll be more dangerous if you move around unnecessarily. I'll protect you, so don't worry, just hold your ground."

There was no response.

Gabriel, extending his chains, was approaching.

[You're the infamous Black Scythe, huh? Honestly, I was surprised. Stronger than I thought. But...]

Without warning, Gabriel threw his chains.

With his sister behind him, Ryu Min couldn't avoid it.

Swish!

The chains wrapped around Ryu Min's body as if sticking to it.

"You need to know that there's a sky above the sky."
ChatGPT

The chains burned a deep red and melted the armor.

Sizzling-

Smoke rose as flesh burned, and limbs detached as the body melted away.

Thud-

"Ah!"

Ryu Won, witnessing the dismembered body in shock, staggered backward.

It was an unbelievable sight even when seen with his own eyes.

"Th-the Black Scythe can be defeated so easily..."

Suppressing the urge to vomit as he looked at the grotesque corpse, Ryu Min managed to hold back.

But the angels, for some reason, were laughing like madmen as they watched the corpses.

"How trivial. If I knew you would die so easily, I would have tortured you a bit more before killing you." "Indeed, Gabriel." "He didn't even need to take hostages, worrying about it was unnecessary..."

Suddenly, Gabriel couldn't continue speaking.

In his mind, a vision of a dark future three seconds later unfolded.

A grim future where the Black Scythe appeared from the side and beheaded him.

Whoosh!

Terrifyingly, Ryu Min's scythe cut through the air as he evaded.

For a brief moment, amazement flickered in Gabriel's eyes.

"You dodged that?"

"...Did I underestimate you, thinking you'd die so easily?"

There was no obligation to respond.

Just a swing of the scythe.

Feeling ignored, Gabriel's brow furrowed.

"You arrogant human! I'll turn you into a pulp in ten seconds!"

Golden chains moved gracefully like snakes.

Swish-swish!

The chains narrowly brushed past Ryu Min's body.

"I have to avoid that as much as possible."

The moment the chains entangled him, he would likely use a skill similar to the one that melted his clone.

Even Ryu Min could be in danger if that happened.

"But I can't block it with the scythe. I might accidentally get entangled in the chains."

In the end, he had to either evade or quickly deflect it.

Just like now.

Ting- ting!

It was clearly not an ordinary weapon.

The movement of the chains was quite flexible.

Swoosh- swoosh-

Ryu Min only evaded without counterattacking.

Sometimes, when the chains approached at angles that could endanger his sister, he deftly parried them with his scythe.

Seeing this, Gabriel openly mocked him.

"How long are you going to keep dodging? Foolish human. Attack like you did before!"
ChatGPT

Dodging without a chance to attack, it seemed like Ryu Min was in a hurry.

His nonchalant evasion might have looked ridiculous, but it was merely a smoke screen.

With an Agility stat reaching 580,000, wasn't it impossible for him to evade with such difficulty?

"For now, I need to avoid and assess the opponent."

Ryu Min was collecting information using the runes in his inner thoughts.

He assessed the abilities, weapons, and techniques of the angels, looking for any potential variables.

Since the opponent was an opponent, caution was necessary.

"All right. I know how to strategize against them."

As soon as he compiled the information and formulated a plan in his mind, Ryu Min took action.

Whoosh- Whoosh!

[...!]

Ryu Min's movements became significantly faster than before.

Not only could the chains not keep up, but even Gabriel, with his future-seeing ability, couldn't cope.

Thunk- Kuqua-crrash-!

Gabriel, who received a scythe to the side, was pitifully slammed into the wall.

"This damn human..."

Despite swearing, there was no time to linger.

Ryu Min targeted the defenseless Raphael.

"Ah!"

Startled, Gabriel hastily flew, but Ryu Min's scythe was already descending towards Raphael's forehead.

Crack-!

However, what Gabriel feared didn't happen.

The scythe, blocked by an intangible barrier, rebounded with elasticity.

As if pricking a balloon.

"You cowardly brat! Targeting an opponent who's just standing there!"

"He is standing still. I'm just buffing him from behind."

Gabriel had become faster and stronger, thanks to Raphael's buffs.

The reason for protecting Raphael lay here.

However, Ryu Min's speed couldn't be matched.

Thud!

Once again, the scythe hit Gabriel, flipping up dust.

Despite the scythe's contact, there wasn't a scratch on his body.

However, his pride seemed to have taken a hit, judging by his expression.

"Turn him into a pulp."

"You said that ten seconds ago, didn't you?"

As if ignoring the dialogue, Gabriel charged forward.

He swung the chains more aggressively than before.

Crack-crack-crack-crrash!

Crash!

The living room turned into chaos.

The sofa and TV were unrecognizable, and the marble floor was shattered into pieces.

Thunk-!
ChatGPT

[Thud!]

However, Gabriel couldn't land a single effective hit.

Only Ryu Min was able to knock him away with the scythe.

"Kraaah! You brat!"

Gabriel, aiming for Raphael, rushed forward like a wild beast.

He desperately stuck to Ryu Min because he knew there would be no chance if he couldn't protect Raphael.

"Why? Why am I, who can see the future three seconds ahead, falling behind?"

During the battle, Gabriel felt frustration.

With the future sight ability, it wasn't difficult for him to read the trajectory of the scythe in advance and deploy the chains to block it.

But soon, the speed became too overwhelming, and predicting the future became challenging.

As if the head couldn't keep up with the body.

Pheuk!

As the scythe collided with his body, Gabriel was pushed back.

He barely managed to maintain his balance with his wings, but his wounded pride couldn't recover.

"G-Gabriel, my magic..."

"If I said I'd kill you in ten seconds, did you think it would be ten hours by your standards?"

"Arrogance pierces the heavens!"

Whether Gabriel heard Raphael's words or not, he focused solely on killing the Black Scythe.

The chains, reaching but not quite reaching, made him even more frustrated.

Kang! Kaaang-!

Though they exchanged blows, Ryu Min had no intention of killing them in this place.

He hadn't used the Devil's Blessing yet.

"Not that I'm not using it, but the situation doesn't allow it."

To use the blessing, he needed to activate the Reapers' Transformation and inflate his stats.

That required changing into Thanatos's helmet.

Right now, he needed to remove the Assassin's Mask he was currently wearing.

"If I take off the mask, the current appearance of the Loxteyck, which I'm maintaining, will disappear. There's a risk of my identity being exposed to my sister."

Since his sister, who had a favorable impression of the Black Scythe, wouldn't mind even if his identity was revealed, it wouldn't be a problem. However, the timing was not ideal.

He planned to explain everything thoroughly after the situation was resolved.

"For now, I need to make Ryu Won retreat. If I change the helmet in front of my sister, there's a risk of my identity being exposed."
ChatGPT

To achieve that, it's necessary to minimize the power of the Archangels first.

Once he's rendered helpless, there will be time for his sister to escape.

However, Gabriel was holding up better than expected.

It was thought that he might collapse soon, but he held on.

[A debuff of 'Deceleration Curse' has been applied.] [Temporary reduction of attack speed and movement speed by 30%.]

Along with the sudden message, both attack speed and movement speed noticeably slowed down.

It was none other than Raphael's doing.

"He attempted it several times before, and now he succeeds."

The blessing of the saint on Ryu Min's body not only prevented abnormal status effects but also had a 50% chance of blocking debuffs.

"My resistance only applies to abnormal statuses. I can't block debuffs."

Fortunately, thanks to the blessing of the saint, he didn't get debuffed from the start; otherwise, he would have been affected.

"Supporters are quite annoying."

Even knowing it was Raphael's doing, Ryu Min couldn't easily approach.

No matter how much he tried to knock her away, Gabriel would come back like a duck guarding her.

Whoosh- Whoosh!

While dodging all the swinging chains, Gabriel's eyes glared.

"Just die already, human!"