
ChatGPT

Title: "The 100th Regression of a Max Level Player - Episode 264"

Episode 264. End of Round 16

Demiel couldn't believe the situation unfolding before his eyes.

"Ba, Baruel defeated so effortlessly...?"

Despite his quirky personality, Baruel had a reputation for being one of the top combat angels.

It wasn't like him to be defeated so easily.

[Ev...everyone, attack....]

Demiel suddenly realized that his voice wouldn't come out.

Something passed in front of him, and then his vision turned around.

Swoosh-

[1st Rank Angel 'Demiel' has been defeated!] [Stat Points +10,876] [Gold +108,760,768] [Angels Defeated: 4/100]

Demiel was not the only one with a broken neck.

Swoosh- Swoosh- Swoosh-!

In an instant, the heads of the angels turned around without any chance to react.

Some were struck by the dark daggers in their chests and instantly died.

Thus, the bodies of nine angels lay scattered on the ground.

It was a pathetic demise for the 1st Rank combat angels.

"Damn angel bastards."

Inside the mask, Ryumin was filled with anger.

If only he had come a little earlier, Minjuri wouldn't have died.

"No, it's not too late yet."

Ryumin took out a Potion of Life from his inventory.

A legendary potion that could revive a dead player.

Fortunately, he had one in stock.

You couldn't resurrect a player if they had been dead for more than 10 minutes or if the corpse was more than 30% damaged, but...

"Fortunately, Minjuri meets the conditions."

Seeing a chance for revival, Ryumin placed Minjuri's lifeless body on his knees and recited the activation words.

"Use."

The effect was immediate.

The pierced heart and damaged armor were restored as if they were lies, and warmth returned.

Ryumin breathed a sigh of relief when he saw Minjuri's eyebrows twitch.

She had barely returned from the brink of death.

"Ugh...."

"Are you conscious?"

When Minjuri opened her eyes, she saw a familiar mask.

"Black Scythe... sir?"

"You seem to be in good shape, fortunately."

"Oh, when did you arrive?"

"A little while ago."

After being dazed, Minjuri looked around and finally understood the situation.

"Oh, the angels...!"
ChatGPT

"Don't worry. I took care of it."

When Minjuri turned her head, to her surprise, she saw the corpses of the angels.

"Phew, it's really fortunate that Black Scythe appeared just in time."

"..."

Minjuri, with a relieved smile, couldn't get Ryumin to join in her laughter.

Because of her, a 6th Rank angel had changed into a 1st Rank.

Originally, the damage shouldn't have escalated to this extent.

"If only I had been on the island from the beginning, not a single death would have occurred..."

She felt sorry for the numerous followers of the Death Cult who had died.

And for Minjuri, who was now in front of her.

"Ah."

Minjuri, realizing that she was being held by Black Scythe, stood up in confusion.

"But, what happened to me? I distinctly remember being stabbed by an angel..."

Looking at the spot where the sword had pierced, not only was there no wound, but the armor also looked brand new.

"I resurrected you."

"What?"

"I revived you with a resurrection potion."

"Ah..."

Upon hearing that, Minjuri couldn't close her mouth for a while.

She didn't even know she had died.

"T-Thank you, Black Scythe. You saved my life."

"What's the big deal?"

Ryumin said indifferently.

After all, he had saved a person who had died, as if it were nothing.

But from Minjuri's perspective, it wasn't such a simple matter.

She literally came back from the dead.

"Oh, Black Scythe! By any chance, do you have another resurrection potion?"

"Why do you ask?"

"I have someone I want to save."

Saying that, Minjuri directed her gaze somewhere.

Following her gaze, there was the corpse of Alex.

"He was protecting me and got hit..."

'Alex was protecting Minjuri?'

Alex, who had survived up to Round 18 without anyone's help, died trying to save Minjuri.

It changed the predetermined future of the combat angel.

"It's a shameless request, but... can you save him?"

Ryumin had no intention of just watching his death.

"I don't have any more potions of life."

"Ah..."

"But I can still bring him back."

The archmage was a talent too valuable to lose like this.

"Krissy!"

At his call, Christine approached, pointing at Alex.
ChatGPT

"Can you save this person?"

"I'm sorry. I already used the resurrection spell..."

Ryumin read her thoughts and realized it was true.

'He used it to resurrect Dorothy.'

The cooldown for resurrection was 60 minutes.

Considering that it could only be used on a corpse within 10 minutes of death, the opportunity was now or never.

'What should I do? Ah!'

Ryumin's eyes quickly scanned the people.

The person he found was an alchemist.

"Victor, do you have a Potion of Life? There's someone I need to save."

"I happen to have just made one."

"Could you use it on this person?"

"Of course."

Victor willingly granted Ryumin's request.

When used on Alex's chest, the wounds were healed, and he regained consciousness.

"Ugh, what happened? The angels..."

"Black Scythe took care of them. I resurrected you with a potion."

"Ah..."

Alex, staring blankly, expressed gratitude towards Victor and Ryumin.

"Thank you, really thank you."

Watching the relieved Alex, Ryumin smiled behind his mask.

He had saved everyone who needed saving.

'But there are still more who died.'

Close to fifty people fell victim to the combat angels.

In just a few minutes, this tragedy had unfolded.

Even if half of them would vanish, the sight of dying at the hands of angels wasn't a pleasant one.

[Time remaining until the end of the round: 00:00:00] [The round has ended!]

As time expired, the courteous voice of the guiding angel echoed in their minds.

"It's time. The round has ended. How was it? Did you manage to fend off the monsters well? Were you surprised by the unexpected guest during the last 6th wave summon? Teehee."

"Did you know combat angels were coming?"

"The guidance station was in on it too."

"Darn it, Angel Beach!"

People, thinking angels couldn't hear them, muttered curses.

And it was understandable.

So many casualties occurred due to the sudden appearance of combat angels.
ChatGPT

"You won't be surprised. It's not the first or second time dealing with the system. Hehe. Let's see how many died, shall we? Hm? It's 528... surprisingly, quite a few survived against 6th Rank angels, right?"

It seems that the transmitted information to the angels indicates 1st Rank rather than 6th Rank.

"Anyway, since more than half survived, we should proceed to the time of annihilation. Like the last round, this time, the 1st place will determine the time for the rest."

"1st place?"

People looked at Ryumin in anticipation, wondering if he would once again secure the top spot.

[So, what's the criteria for determining 1st place? Well, the player who dealt the most damage to the angels will be the 1st place.]

"Black Scythe, then."

"As expected..."

Now, people seemed resigned as if there was nothing left to surprise them.

But to everyone's surprise, a message appeared before their eyes.

[The player who dealt the most damage to combat angels in Round 16 is 'Black Scythe.'] [Player 'Black Scythe' is given the authority to adjust the ranking for Round 16.] [The 1st place cannot change to Black Scythe himself.] [Please determine the order from 2nd to 288th.] [Players from 2nd to 3rd will receive special rewards, and the rest will receive the same reward regardless of rank.] [Please call out the nickname of the player you want to designate as 2nd place first.]

Once again, Ryumin, burdened with heavy responsibility, called out a nickname.

"Democracy."

[2nd place is 'Democracy.'] [Please designate the 3rd place.]

"Krissy."

As always, the 2nd and 3rd places were occupied by these two.

Given their crucial positions, they needed more focused development than other classes.

Considering their overwhelming contributions to the party's performance, it was only natural.

From 4th to 15th place, Ryumin called out without much deliberation, focusing on the forces he needed to lead until Round 20.

Among them were Alex and Dorothy.

Ironically, they were surprised at being called out so early.

'The rest should be filled with Choong-ho's mercenaries.'

From 16th place onwards, mercenaries were called, and the rest were called as they came to mind.

Once again, people cheered loudly.

"Black Scythe! Please call out my nickname! Please..."
ChatGPT

"My nickname is 'CobaltBlue'! Please call me just once..."

As they reached the end, more and more people pleaded.

Some even kneeled and begged for mercy.

However, Ryumin remained steadfast, calling out nicknames without hesitation.

"Even if it sounds sweet, it's not. They're all followers of the Death Cult that I recruited."

When someone joins, someone else must fall away.

The number of tickets was limited.

[Please designate the 288th place.]

"CobaltBlue."

"Ah! Thank you! Thank you!"

"No, nooo!"

"Please, I don't want to die!"

People screamed, but the bus had already reached its limit.

[It's decided. Now, let's eliminate the remaining 240 who couldn't make it to 288th place.]

"Aaaargh!"

"Save me!"

Pufffff-

After the bitter time of annihilation passed, it was time for rewards as usual.

★ Round 16 Results ★

[Unified Zone CA-EA001]

└1st. Black Scythe (Lv97 Reaper)

└2nd. Democracy (Lv69 Buffer)

└3rd. Krissy (Lv69 Priest)

[For clearing Round 16, all participants will receive experience and gold rewards.] [Experience +113.4%] [Gold +1,000,000] [Level up!]

Ryumin's level reached 98.

'Just one more level up, and I'll reach max level.'

He could use points to instantly reach max level, but that wasn't what Ryumin desired.

He wanted to utilize the invincibility effect that comes with reaching max level.

'I might have a chance to use it.'

[Congratulations! You have achieved the quest as the 1st in this zone!] [Currently, 'Black Scythe' is ranked 1st in this zone.] [As a 1st place reward for this zone, you will receive the 'Infinite Ingredient Pouch'!] [As a 1st place reward for this zone, you will also receive the 'Special Reward Selection Box'!]

Once again, an ingredient pouch came out, just like last time.

It wasn't particularly necessary, but it felt a shame to discard it.

Above all, the fact that a new ingredient came out in the draw caught Ryumin's attention.

'Will a new ingredient come out again this time?'
ChatGPT

Deciding to try it later at home, I used the Special Reward Selection Box.

[You can choose one of the following special rewards.] [Please touch the desired reward.]

└ 1. Temporary Skill – Commander (Limited to Round 17)

└ 2. 5,000,000 Gold

└ 3. Information about Round 17