
ChatGPT

Title: "Episode 276 of the 100th Regression of a Max Level Player"

Facing the Truth

Ryumin, who pulled Michael away from the wall, slapped his cheek.

"Hey, get up. Wake up, there's something I need to ask."

Shaking his shoulders didn't make him get up.

He seemed to be properly unconscious.

Thinking briefly, Ryumin contemplated how to wake him up.

"Should I try cutting off his wings?"

As if reading that cruel thought, Michael groaned and regained consciousness.

"Are you awake?"

[Gasp!]

The enemy is pushing his face right in front of Michael.

Startled, Michael reflexively summoned his sword and swung it.

Swish-

It was quite fast, but from Ryumin's perspective, with an agility stat surpassing 2 million, it seemed slow like a turtle.

"You just woke up, and it seems you're still not fully alert."

Swish- Swish-

Michael's sword made sharp sounds as it cut through the air.

A desperate attempt to kill the opponent.

"Well then, let me make it clear for you."

Ryumin, who had been avoiding, suddenly aimed for Michael's back.

"Who is the sky?"

He grabbed the feathers and tore them apart.

Rip-

[No, nooo!]

Unfamiliar pain for the top-ranked archangel.

Although Michael tried to target Ryumin behind him, it was just another swing through empty space.

"Your wings are beautiful."

The opponent who was in front was suddenly behind.

Splurt-

[Nooh!]

Despite having his wings torn apart, Michael raised his holy power instead of counterattacking.

"Thinking of using skills?"

The words sounded frighteningly close to his ears.

Bboom-

[Kwaahhh!]

Like a bullet, Michael was slammed into the wall.

Crunch-

"This time, I adjusted the strength."

Although Ryumin casually spoke, none of it reached Michael's ears.

Stunned, he only barely held onto his sanity while spitting out golden blood.

[No...ooh...]

Michael regained his senses only when he heard the voice again.

"Once more?"

Startled by the sound in his ears, Michael stepped back.

Seeing the black scythe approaching at close range, it felt like facing a ghost.
ChatGPT

"Do you want to continue challenging?"

[…….]

"I wouldn't recommend it. You might end up getting killed."

"Does that mean... you won't kill me if I don't attack?"

Ryumin grinned mischievously.

"Just judging by what you're doing."

[…….]

Seeing the still relaxed opponent, Michael couldn't bring himself to rush in.

'Is he so strong that he can afford to face me with ease?'

There's a saying that a master recognizes another master.

But Michael couldn't even guess the strength of his opponent.

He only knew that the opponent could crush and kill him at will.

'Was I... the insect, not him?'

After a brief skirmish, Michael realized that he was not a match for his opponent.

No, it was hard to even call it a fight. Rather than exchanging blows, he was unilaterally hit and even knocked unconscious.

Therefore, further attacks seemed futile.

He was just a target for the opponent's attacks.

Detecting a change in mindset, Ryumin's smirk grew longer.

"So, you finally admit it?"

Michael nodded.

[You are stronger than me. To an extent I can't even fathom. How can a human become so powerful?]

"Your angels were blessed by the system."

[Even so, this is unreasonable. Such an enemy has never existed in history...]

"That means your angels have done this kind of thing to humans more than once, doesn't it?"

[…….]

Michael didn't deny it.

Even if he did, he couldn't deceive Ryumin, who could read his thoughts.

"You know something that other archangels don't, don't you?"

[…….]

Watching Michael remain silent, Ryumin clenched his fist.

"Speak up. What are your angels doing to humans? What is the purpose of involving them in this survival game?"

And he glared as if ready to kill.

"You better speak up quickly if you don't want to get beaten to a pulp."

In the universe, various races coexist.

Among intelligent beings, there were five major races.

Godkin, Celestials, Demons, Dragons, and Humans, among others.

Elves, dwarves, and other races were not included.

They were races created that did not exist from the beginning.
ChatGPT

"The fantasy world that serves as the stage for you humans is a created world. Naturally, all the races and monsters existing within it are life forms born under the creation of the gods."

"Ha... They were really NPCs? Equipped with advanced AI to the point where thoughts could be read?"

"NPC? AI? I don't understand what you're saying."

"I'm talking to myself, so don't worry about it and keep going."

"You might have guessed, but among the five races, the most superior are the gods. They possess the authority of creation and even the power of destruction that can annihilate all creations. Naturally, the Celestials, Demons, and Dragons are in a position to cater to the whims of these gods."

Ryumin listened attentively.

It was the first time he had acquired such advanced information among the 100 episodes.

"These gods, who hold an absolute position, found everything easy to achieve and often felt bored easily. That's why they wanted to play a game."

"A game?"

"The Celestials and Demons, who were not usually on good terms, wanted to fight each other. The victorious race believed that they would be cared for by the gods. From the gods' perspective, it was a kind of entertainment. That was the beginning of the First Heaven-Demon War."

There was a sense of embarrassment in Michael's voice.

It reminded him of their situation, where they had fallen from divine beings to becoming the entertainment of the gods.

"The Celestials and Demons fought as if they wanted to kill each other. They were not on good terms, and with the gods watching, they had no choice but to fight. The victorious race received rewards, including the protection of the gods. However..."

Emotions seemed to choke up Michael's voice.

"The gods found it boring if the balance tilted in favor of one side. So, they decided to change the rules."

"How?"

"They decided to give the defeated race in the war a chance to use humans as mercenaries. They hoped that humans would act as a variable to overturn the outcome."

"Using humans... as mercenaries?"

"But humans were ridiculously weak, with only large numbers on their side. Compared to Celestials and Demons, they seemed like insects."

As soon as the word "insects" came up, Ryumin's expression turned cold.

Noticing this change in expression, Michael cautiously continued.
ChatGPT

"...The gods, after much contemplation, eventually developed the system. This was to make humans stronger so that they could actively participate as mercenaries in the Heaven-Demon War."

Listening intently, Ryumin asked with a bewildered expression, "So, you're saying the reason they designed rounds and created the fantasy world as a stage was all for training programs to raise players for use in wars?"

"In a way, yes."

"Ha..."

Facing the astounding truth, Ryumin sighed in disappointment.

"So, the claim that angels created the system was a lie."

"The system is a creation of the gods. Angels have no authority to create or modify the system. They simply guide and put humans into the survival game on Earth to win in the next Heaven-Demon War."

"In other words, they threw us humans into this damn deadly game to raise mercenaries for themselves. If they're making their own side, why do they treat us humans like insects in this miserable death game?"

"Well..."

Hesitating to speak, Michael, under the sharp gaze of Ryumin, finally opened up.

"Each angel may have different thoughts... But, it's probably because they find it displeasing that you, insignificant beings like insects, were chosen by the system and placed on an equal footing with us."

"Just for that reason?"

Ryumin didn't express his anger.

Don't humans discriminate against and disdain each other for differences in skin color?

The reason angels disliked humans seemed to be similar in context.

"Well, it's not that angels entirely hate humans. As evidence, didn't the guides always speak politely to humans?"

"Don't lie. Who wouldn't know that the system forced the guides to speak politely?"

"..."

"Was it a lie that clearing the 20 rounds grants a wish?"

"That is not a lie."

"Really?"

As vitality emanated from Ryumin's body, Michael became flustered.

"T-that's really true. It's a reward that is systemically set, and it's something the gods have provided for humans."

"So, the defeated race in the Heaven-Demon War would repeatedly attack planets with humans, create players, and use them as mercenaries? Both your Celestials and the Demons?"
ChatGPT

"That's right. We couldn't help it. The gods were so obsessed with the outcome of our wars that they even wagered on it, and they desired it to be that way."

"Wagered on it?"

Angry at the Celestials who put billions of humans into a massacre program just because it was ordered from above, what was more infuriating was the attitude of the gods.

"Waging bets, starting wars to appease their boredom, predicting outcomes, and even wagering on it?"

All creatures were merely playing under the control of the gods, like pawns on a chessboard.

"Is the Heaven-Demon War you're talking about the war that takes place in Round 18?"

"No, it's not. The war in Round 18 is a preliminary practice for a future war. You could think of it as a kind of friendly match."

"So, the real war happens after Round 20."

"That's right..."

"Do you think the humans who survive until Round 20 will willingly serve as mercenaries according to your Celestials' demands?"

"They will have no choice. The system will demand it."

"And what happens after the war ends? What then?"

"I don't know. So far, only a handful of humans have successfully conquered Round 20."

"There were some, then."

"There were, but I've never heard what happened to them. Only humans raised by Demons succeeded in conquering Round 20. Believe me, it's true."

Reading his thoughts, it seemed to be true.

"Fine, I'll believe you. So, what's the reason for targeting me?"

"Well, it's to correct the order of the heavenly realms..."

"Cut the crap. Tell me the real reason."

"...There's no point in telling you. It's all futile."

Though Michael spoke with a sigh, Ryumin persisted.

He needed to know all the underlying motives.

"Demon Lord Plunictos, sponsored by the gods supporting the Celestials, lodged a complaint. He accused them of violating the rules by arbitrarily using the Demon Lord's resurrection book and even killing an Avatar."

"Violating the rules?"

"The rule was that there should be no interference between Celestials and Demons before the Heaven-Demon War. But due to the reckless use of the resurrection book, the Demons lost one of their means of attack."

"Indeed, why did you use it then?"
ChatGPT

"I thought it would succeed... sacrificing your soul as an offering would satisfy Plunictos. But now, looking back, it was a mistake."

Michael bowed his head in reflection.

Whether or not it mattered, Ryumin continued to press him to speak.

"As an excuse, they said that if they didn't bring you until Round 18 because of that incident, they would start a war. It's a situation where we, too, have nothing to say due to the violation of the rules. If a war breaks out now, it's clear that the Celestials will be defeated. Becoming the target of the gods' anger, which we rely on, is an added bonus."

"So, you chose to take me instead of losing in the war."

"Yes. I never imagined you'd be this strong..."

Having heard the whole story, Ryumin nodded.

He roughly understood the situation.

"Now, what are you going to do with me? Are you going to kill me?"

"Well..."

Ryumin had no immediate intention of killing Michael.

"There's no gain in killing him."

Since he hadn't killed enough angels, he lacked the stacks to use the Devil's Blessing.

Even if he killed Michael, he wouldn't gain a significant amount of gold or stats.

"What should I do?"

Chin in hand, Ryumin pondered for a moment before making a suggestion.

"I'll let you live. How about doing it this way instead?"