
ChatGPT

Title: Episode 278 of the 100th Regression of a Max-Level Player

Escape

[Aaah!] [Help, please!] [M, Micael-nim!]

Screams echoed in the untimely heavenly training ground.

Each scream became a testament.

[Number of angels defeated: 37/100]

………………

[Number of angels defeated: 51/100] [Number of angels defeated: 83/100]

………………

…………

A sparkling light descended upon the training ground.

However, considering that the sparkle was the blood of angels, it was not a sight one could find beautiful.

[Number of angels defeated: 100/100] [Conditions for using the Devil's Blessing have been met.] [You can use the activation phrase 'Devil's Blessing' whenever you want.]

'Now I can use the blessing.'

Ryumin pulled up the corners of his mouth and shifted his gaze to the remaining angels.

The 5th-grade angels, who met his eyes, trembled and fled.

To them, Ryumin seemed no different from a demon.

'About twenty left?'

Although they all scattered like frightened birds, Ryumin didn't pursue them.

The goal of stacking the stacks had been achieved.

However, he had no intention of using the Devil's Blessing.

It was not worth killing a few 5th-grade angels just to kill Micael, and there was no time to kill him now.

[You have left your position during the round.] [If you do not return to the playing area within 1 hour, your player qualification will be revoked.] [Time remaining until qualification revocation: 00:15:21]

'I can kill Micael anytime later. Killing him now would be a loss. He's the only angel I hope to keep alive until Round 20.'

Returning to the other realm was urgent.

Otherwise, the power he had accumulated until now would disappear like an illusion.

In the brief moment of contemplation, he missed numerous angels, but it didn't matter.

To go home, he only needed one.

"Hey, you."

[Hueeek!]

As Ryumin approached, an angel hiding in the corner was startled.

Although he tried to escape, his wings were caught in Ryumin's sinister hands.

"Where do you think you're going?"

[H, Help me. P, Please....]

"Do you want to live?"
ChatGPT

As if asking if that's what he meant, the angel fiercely shakes his head.

"Then take me to the other realm."

Wrinkles appeared on the face of the goddess.

'Why is the report from Micael still not here?'

By now, there should be time left after transferring the Black Scythe to Plutoctos.

However, there is still no report from Micael.

Nemesis, who quietly complained, searched for Micael with the eyes of a god.

Thinking that if he missed the report, she would have to scold him.

'Huh?'

But there was a bigger event waiting.

'What is he doing over there?'

Micael, sleeping somewhere in the heavenly realm, is seen.

However, strangely, there is blood on his lips.

'No way? It can't be.'

Nemesis immediately looked for the Black Scythe.

He is seen descending to the other realm, not the demon realm.

Along with a combat angel who seems to be a hostage.

'W-What happened? Why is he in the other realm...?'

He guessed what the situation was, but he tried to deny it.

One thing for sure is that he needs to wake up Micael and ask.

Whoosh-

Space tears, and Nemesis arrives in front of Micael.

[Micael! Wake up! Micael!]

When she kicks him lightly to wake him up, he opens his eyes quietly.

[Ugh, huh? Nemesis-nim?] [What happened? Why did the Black Scythe return to the other realm?] [Ah....]

Confusion is evident on Micael's face.

At that moment, Nemesis realized that her expectation had become a reality.

[So, sorry.... I was transporting him, and suddenly we were attacked, and my memory...][Th-This...stupid!]

The Black Scythe attacked Micael and escaped.

It seems he threatened the combat angel who was with him, forcing them to descend to the other realm.

Coincidentally, in front of Micael, consecutive report messages appear.

[Nemesis-nim, during training, 5th-grade angels were attacked. It seems to be the work of the Black Scythe....]

Micael reports while glancing at Nemesis.

Under his eyes, it seems he's quite irritated.

Nemesis couldn't contain the anger she had held back.
ChatGPT

"How... How can we let all the captured prisoners escape!" [I'm sorry... I don't have words, even if I had ten mouths.] [Of course not! Naturally, you shouldn't!]

Nemesis, who was shouting in frustration, pushed Micael's back as if it was not the time for this.

"What are you doing? Quickly go and recapture the sinners!" [Ah, I understa...]

However, Micael couldn't continue his words and stared blankly.

"Why are you like this?" [Th-the round... it has ended.] [What?]

It seems that Round 17, which was in progress, has ended.

This means that, except for the angel in charge of guidance, the door to the other realm is closed.

To forcibly open the door and go down, another angel would have to consume 90% of their power.

"Micael! Can you capture the Black Scythe if you go down now?" [Th-that's difficult. Trying to subdue him with 90% of my power exhausted...]

"Then what should we do? Even if I go down now, can I catch the Black Scythe?" [Th-that's difficult. Trying to subdue him with 90% of my power exhausted...] [But I can't just stand by!]

Interference in earthly matters is against the rules of the gods.

The reason they have been commanding angels without directly intervening until now lies here.

"Damn it! Damn it, Micael! Why did you have to sleep!" [...]

It wasn't that he wanted to sleep, but that he fainted, but Micael just lowered his head without responding.

"Now what are we going to do? We agreed to hand over the Black Scythe to Plutoctos before Round 18!" [I-I will meet Plutoctos and ask for a little more time.] [We must, we must succeed in negotiations! Otherwise, we'll have to bear the responsibility of losing the Black Scythe!]

Stepping on the land of the other realm, Ryumin sighed with relief as he looked at the disappeared warning message.

"If I were 15 minutes late, I would have almost lost my qualification."

Qualification alone?

He would have lost all the power he had accumulated and returned from being a player to an ordinary person.

Of course, not having to participate in the survival game due to the loss of qualification was an unexpected event.

However, the problem is that there's no way to let the angels return to Earth.

"I wonder what Micael is doing. He's probably being reprimanded right now, right?"

Even if he's reprimanded, it would likely be about losing the Black Scythe.

Micael would never think that he intentionally let him go.
ChatGPT

"He said he can only see from a distance like a telescope and cannot hear conversations, so I probably wasn't noticed."

Micael had already heard that the gods have abilities like a telescope, where they can only see and not hear conversations.

"I can probably relax for a while. No need to worry about the god chasing after me, and the existence of Heaven can only be targeted when 90% of the power is depleted. That's why it can only be targeted in the other realm where the rounds are taking place. The reason why the gods cannot directly intervene is due to the rule that they cannot interfere on Earth. I've learned a lot from Micael."

There is even information obtained from Micael that there is another being with a higher rank than the Archangels.

"Was his name Artharos?"

Micael thought he was the top-ranked in Heaven, but he wasn't. There was one more.

Archangel Chief Artharos.

The strongest being in Heaven.

He was truly the heaven above the heavens.

"However, he was classified as a god, a being distinctly different from the Archangels, so he was excluded from the hierarchy of the Archangels."

That was why Micael was called the only Archangel.

"The being I saw in the last round was probably Artharos."

It seemed different from ordinary angels, and upon closer inspection, it turned out to be a god.

"Even the being that cursed me in Heaven is a god. It was named Nemesis, the Goddess of Revenge, right?"

With purple skin and a face like an extraterrestrial, it was hard to call her a goddess.

"Still, meeting a god even for a short time. It wasn't a bad experience."

Looking at Nemesis, Ryumin gained information.

Unlike Micael, he couldn't read the thoughts of the gods.

"Whether it's just Nemesis or all the other gods, I don't know...."

If he ever faces Artharos, the information he gained would be helpful.

But even he might not be able to read his thoughts.

"I don't know why the being I saw in Round 16 hasn't revealed itself yet, but someday, the time will come."

Thinking so, Ryumin turned his head.

It was time to let go of the guide slowly.

"Hey."

[Yes?]

"Enough, leave now."

[Ah, understood.]

The 5th-grade angel who was following stopped walking and quickly recited the teleportation spell.
ChatGPT

"Stupid human bastard. I thought he'd kill him, but he let him live? As soon as we get back, I should report to the higher-ups. Let's suggest wiping out all those bug-like humans."

As the annoying thoughts of the arrogant angel echoed in his mind, Ryumin let out a sigh.

"Indeed, it won't work."

[Huh?]

That was the angel's final testament.

Tuk- Tumble-

With an indifferent expression, Ryumin spread his black wings and flew up after neatly cutting off the neck.

He had intended to return to the stronghold, but there was no need for that.

[The war has ended with the victory of the Kingdom Alliance.] [You will be returned to the waiting area shortly.]

Returning to the monochromatic space, Ryumin found himself among other players.

"Black Scythe?"

"Oh, it's the Black Scythe!"

"Where were you, and now you're here?"

"You should have seen us pushing back the Imperial Army!"

"It was a truly spectacular scene!"

Although the followers lamented as if they had missed the highlight of a soccer game, there was no need to watch it.

Since it was obvious even without watching.

"I've seen it dozens of times already."

He already knew that the Kingdom Alliance would win.

If they couldn't win after spending almost 6 billion gold, it would be unfair.

[You have arrived. 286 commanders of the Kingdom Alliance.]

The guiding angel who was waiting showed an unexpected expression.

[Congratulations on winning the war. To achieve victory with a weak Kingdom Alliance... honestly, it surprised me. I didn't expect it at all.]

Even the players didn't know.

That they would survive so easily.

"It's all thanks to the Black Scythe supporting us with gold."

People looked at the Black Scythe with grateful eyes.

[You don't have to search for the two fools who chose the Holy Empire; we've already obliterated them. Now, shall we see the results of Round 17?]