
ChatGPT

Title: "The 100th Regression of a Max Level Player - Episode 311"

End of Round 19

Round ends 3 hours ago.

When they saw the black scythe appearing with the demon, players became worried.

"Could it be that the Reaper is...?"

"Did he get dominated by the demon...?"

Otherwise, there was no reason for them to walk side by side like that.

However, the players' assumptions were off the mark.

"Suddenly appearing with a demon might have surprised you, but don't misunderstand. This guy is my subordinate."

"What?"

"Subordinate?"

A demon with a leopard face being a subordinate.

As if Ryu Min had nothing to worry about, he ordered the demon.

"The kids are getting scared. Relax your expression."

"Yes, yes..."

"For now, introduce yourself."

Whether she knew he was a demon lord's companion or not, Citri didn't show any disrespect to the human Ryu Min.

She just awkwardly introduced herself like a new recruit in a unit.

"I-I am Citri, the top demon aristocrat, ranking 1. Now, nice to meet you all, fellow companions of the demon lord."

"Demon lord?"

"Who? The Reaper?"

When the players looked at Ryu Min with bewildered faces, he finally explained how he became a demon lord.

Of course, he left out unnecessary details, such as becoming a god or other irrelevant stories.

"I killed Fluctos, the demon grand duke, and gained a skill to warp to the demon realm. Then, I sat on the throne there, and the qualification test to become a demon lord came up."

That's how he could become a demon lord after facing dozens of high-ranking demons.

He only explained it like that.

It was a story that seemed unbelievable to anyone.

"Haha... The Reaper became a demon lord?"

"It's hard to believe, but since there's evidence in front of us, we have no choice but to believe..."

Players were amazed by the fact that a human became a demon lord, but they didn't know.

What was more astonishing was that he had become a god.

"If I say I became a god, people will treat me like a lunatic."

Not just in words, but now, Ryu Min, who had truly become a god, reassured them as if to say, "Don't worry."

"Now that I'm a demon lord, you don't have to worry. There won't be any demon attacks."

He assured them confidently, but people looked at the demons with suspicious eyes.
ChatGPT

Perhaps he would stab the humans in the back.

Whether they were Celestials, Demons, or humans, the reality was that they were not treated well.

"Well, it doesn't matter. As long as I can use the demons, it's fine."

Ryu Min chuckled and gestured to Citri.

"Show them what you brought."

"Yes."

At the demon lord's command, Citri pulled something out of the spatial void.

Suddenly, thud-thud-thud!

As various foods and water containers fell from the void, the players' eyes widened.

The dazzling array of food was something they hadn't expected.

"This, what is this?"

"What's all this?"

"I thought you might be hungry, so I brought some food and drinks."

Even with Ryu Min's nonchalant explanation, the players still had their eyes and mouths wide open.

They were more shaken now than when they heard he had become a demon lord.

"Where did you get this stuff?"

"I got it from the Demon Realm."

"Demon Realm?"

"The demons attacked humans and looted food. So, you can trust and eat these. They are foods made by humans, not demons. I've been eating them with no problems."

"Ah..."

Upon hearing that it was safe to eat, people's mouths began to water.

"Don't be shy, take it quickly and eat."

"T-Thank you."

As permission was granted, people hurriedly grabbed food and water. Ryu Min counted the survivors in his head.

"Coincidentally, including me, it's now 72 people."

The number of survivors was just right.

The maximum number that could survive.

Moreover, looking at their faces, all the key members were still alive, although a few of Jo Yong-ho's mercenaries had sacrificed themselves.

"And Huh Tae-seok too."

Nobody was unaware of the news of the death of the leader of the Cult of the Reaper, Huh Tae-seok.

It was announced through the death notification and confirmed by Alex and Victor who were on the scene.

However, it was only known that he was brainwashed by demons, and they didn't know the details.

"That's why people are mourning Huh Tae-seok's death. Even though it was an accident created by his vengeful spirit."

Huh Tae-seok's death was his own doing.

Knowing this fact, Ryu Min no longer felt sorry for him.

Thinking of it, he decided to call the souls contained in the gauntlet.

-Plutonictos.
ChatGPT

-Why are you... doing this?

-Were you trying to speak informally just now?

-Oh, no! No!

-Seeing how you don't get nervous even when I call you, it seems like you've been living comfortably.

-Haha... that's not true. By the way, what's the matter?

-The god Moros gave you information about the Nopain Nogain, right?

-Yes.

-How did you find him?

-Nopain Nogain had Moros' item. Come to think of it, Huh Tae-seok was wearing Moros' robe, which is a god-grade item. Because of that, Moros noticed Huh Tae-seok and sensed the hatred within.

-And Moros gave you information after knowing that?

-That's correct.

-Why did that guy help you?

-It wasn't really because of me. It seemed like he did it to show off in front of the higher-ups in Tartaros.

-Can't leave that guy alone, huh?

Whether it was said or not, the fact that it was related to a god made Ryu Min express his discomfort without filtering his emotions.

-Is that guy Moros strong?

-Well... I'm not sure.

-Stronger than Tartaros?

-That's not the case. Tartaros is a genius treated as a god of nothingness. There's no way Moros, or anyone like him, can match up.

-Do you know much about Moros?

Ryu Min, smiling slyly, asked.

-Tell me more about that guy.

With the issue of food resolved, people lay down showing their satisfied stomachs.

"Whew, I thought I was going crazy with hunger, but I survived."

"I didn't expect water to taste this good."

"Is it really safe to eat even though it's from here?"

"Of course. The Reaper himself had some."

Now that the food issue was resolved, all they had to do was spend the remaining time leisurely.

However, Ryu Min had no intention of just staying still.

"Let's continue the hunt that we paused for a moment."

In fact, Ryu Min had returned from the Demon Realm 65 hours ago.

In other words, it was right after becoming the Demon Lord.

If he didn't return quickly, the message threatening to strip him of his player status made it clear that he couldn't stay away from the otherworld.

"It's ironic that as a Demon Lord, I can't stay in the Demon Realm for too long."

As both a Demon Lord and a player participating in a survival game, it was an inevitable situation.
ChatGPT

"I should continue hunting that I postponed while demons were gathering food."

With that thought, Ryu Min began hunting again, scouring the forest.

As a result,

[Predation Rune Stack has reached 300.] [Additional effect: Intelligence increased by 20%.] [Predation Rune Stack has reached 1,000.] [Additional effect: Luck and item drop rate increased by 20%.] [Predation Rune Stack has reached 3,000.] [Additional effect: Agility increased by 30%.]

Having accumulated the Predation Rune Stack to over 3,000, he continued to fill up additional effects.

And within less than an hour, he reached 10,000 stacks.

[Predation Rune Stack has reached 10,000.] [Additional effect: All stats increased by 20%.]

After defeating around two thousand monsters, he maxed out the Predation Rune Stack.

"Good. The stats I gained are not bad at all."

Not only did he gain stats through the Predation Rune, but he also exchanged experience points to gain even more stats.

In total, he accumulated about 3,000 stats in just two hours since returning from the otherworld.

"I still have plenty of time for hunting."

Grateful for the ample time, Ryu Min continued the hunt.

He was crazily accumulating stats like drying the seeds of monsters worldwide.

[The forty-fifth death has occurred.]

The death notification, which had been quiet for a while, started popping up.

"It seems like players have started fighting."

Although he wanted to watch, hunting was the priority now.

This round was an opportunity to gain a massive amount of stats, and he couldn't afford to be lazy.

"Besides, I can also gather materials to give to Victor."

Since he couldn't make Life Potions due to the lack of materials, Ryu Min decided to gather as many materials as possible.

Life Potion ingredients were optimal for him to obtain, as they came from strong monsters.

After hunting as much as possible in the otherworld, Ryu Min was able to accumulate stat points up to 60,000.

"Not a bad result. It might be a trivial number compared to hunting Celestials, but still."

Despite that, he felt significantly stronger compared to before, thanks to the abundant rewards.
ChatGPT

"If I meet Artharos again, I should be able to defeat him easily."

But the problem is that he has the curse of immortality.

Worry about how to stop such a guy comes first.

"What could be the solution?"

Contemplating, Ryu Min decided to return to his teammates first.

"Before that, I need to go to the Demon Realm and bring back some food."

This was the background of Ryu Min warping to the Demon Realm and bringing back food with the demons.

"Mr. Victor."

"Oh, Reaper."

"Could you take care of a brief trade for me?"

"Yes?"

Ryu Min casually used the trade function with Victor and uploaded hundreds of materials he had collected all at once.

"This...!"

Recognizing the materials, Victor looked at the trade window with wide eyes.

"I gathered them thinking you might need them. Please make good use of them."

"Oh, um..."

Even though he was told to use them, Victor hesitated to press the accept button.

He was worried about whether it was okay to receive so much for free.

"Take them. The more Life Potions, the better."

"Thank you, Reaper."

Victor, who pressed the accept button, sincerely bowed his head.

Now, he wouldn't have to witness his sister, Sofia, dying in front of him.

Because they now had plenty of Life Potions.

"Yamti."

"Yes."

Ryu Min called Yamti separately and glanced at Min Joo-ri and Seo Ah-rin.

"Any problems between you two?"

"No problems, really. We get along very well now."

"Is that so?"

Ryu Min, satisfied to hear that they had unexpectedly become close, continued.

"How many monsters have you tamed?"

"Well... not many. I used them all up when facing the demons last time."

"Then, let's go together. There are still three hours left until it ends. We only have this chance to tame monsters, so gather them up in preparation for the final battle."

"Ah! I understand."

Ryu Min, along with Yamti, went to tame monsters.

Although there was concern that Artharos might appear, having recovered his strength, nothing to worry about happened until the end of the round.

[Time limit reached.] [Round 19 has ended.] [There are 72 survivors.]

And so, Round 19 ended smoothly.