
ChatGPT

Title: Episode 312 of the 100th Regression of a Max Level Player

Now, believe.

With the end of the round notification, players moved into a colorless space.

An angel, who had been waiting in the sky, expresses a surprised expression.

[This is fascinating. Exactly 72 survived. I thought the number would decrease more, but it seems they're unexpectedly united.]

Surprisingly, that wasn't the only surprising thing.

[Huh? Surprisingly, everyone looks healthy? They should be groaning from not being able to eat normally...]

The angel couldn't help but be astonished, looking at humans with faces not just satisfied but almost lethargic, as if they were full.

[It's strange. Anyway, it's good. Congratulations on clearing Round 19. Shall we start with the clear rewards?]

Following the angel's signal, a message appeared in front of the players.

[As a reward for clearing Round 19, experience points and gold will be granted to all players.] [Experience Points +0%] [This player can no longer increase experience points.] [Gold +9,000,000]

Since Ryumin was already at the max level, he couldn't increase his experience points anymore, but others could.

"Wow, max level!"

"We finally reached max level!"

"I got a new skill too!"

Except for Ryumin, the other 71 players achieved max level, and a brilliant effect surrounded them.

It was the 1-minute invincibility effect received in celebration of reaching max level.

'If I could use that invincibility in a boss battle, it would be great.'

He had found it useful against Arthros, but the people here would have to content themselves with just enjoying the effect.

[Seeing the effect, it seems everyone reached max level. Congratulations. Now, shall we check the overall results?]

"What's the ranking method?"

As always, the ranking method was undisclosed.

Therefore, people waited for the answer with curious expressions.

The answer was unexpectedly simple.

[This round's ranking method was based on the number of people killed.]

"People killed?"

"Ah...."

"So, the one who killed the most is the first place."

But being in the top ranks wasn't something to be pleased about.
ChatGPT

In a way, it was a position acquired by killing other people.

People glanced at each other, hesitatingly.

If someone made it to the top ranks, it meant there was a murderer among them. Naturally, it couldn't be ignored.

"Who do you think is in 1st place?"

"It's not me. I haven't killed anyone, so I probably didn't make it to the top."

"Maybe Black Scythe will give up the 1st place for the first time."

"That's possible. If he didn't kill anyone."

Those whispering believed that they would see Black Scythe, who had never made it to the top ranks before, now that he hadn't killed anyone.

However.

★ Round 19 Results ★

[Unified Area CA-EA001]

└ 1st. Black Scythe (Lv99 Reaper) Number of people killed: 63

└ 2nd. None

└ 3rd. None

People had to open their surprised eyes at the unexpected results.

"Black Scythe..."

"In 1st place...?"

That statement meant he had killed people. It said he killed 63 people.

Players collectively looked at Black Scythe.

Looks demanding an explanation.

They believed he wasn't evil enough to kill others just for survival, and their natural reaction reflected that.

However, Ryumin didn't need to explain.

His trusting comrades acted as advocates like lawyers.

"Black Scythe would never kill a player."

"It's impossible for him to kill 63 people alone."

"Yeah. The condition was 'people,' not necessarily human, right? It could include any sentient beings."

"Does that mean killing demons is included too?"

"If demons are considered people, then yes."

"In that case, I understand why he's in 1st place. Didn't he say he killed countless demons to become the Demon King?"

People's deductions were rational.

The measurement condition, from the beginning, was 'people,' not necessarily human. Beings like angels, demons, and gods were all included in the range of 'people.'

That's why Ryumin became 1st place.

-Of course, Black Scythe wouldn't kill players.

-I misunderstood like a fool.

While people looked at Ryumin with such thoughts, it wasn't the truth.

'Among the 63 I killed, two were players.'
ChatGPT

One of them was Huh Taeseok, who had turned into a demon, and the other was a player he coincidentally encountered while passing by.

"His nickname was Reynald, right?"

The guy, who seemed somewhat tired, was filled with desire and malice.

He had already committed numerous murders, and that was the reason he was killed.

Because if left alone, he would undoubtedly cause trouble.

"Besides, if I killed him, the situation would have become 72."

Of course, other players didn't need to know the behind-the-scenes details.

That's why Ryumin didn't bother to explain.

He quietly let it pass, letting people think he only killed demons.

[Congratulations! You have achieved the quest as the 1st place in this area!] [Currently, 'Black Scythe' is ranked 1st in this area.] [As a 1st place reward in this area, you will receive a 'God-grade Equipment Selection Voucher!'] [As a 1st place reward in this area, you will receive a 'Special Reward Selection Box!']

Perhaps because it was the last round, the rewards were generous.

Ryumin used the God-grade Equipment Selection Voucher first.

[Please touch the desired area from the following options.]

└ 1. God-grade Gloves

└ 2. God-grade Shoes

└ 3. God-grade Necklace

└ 4. God-grade Ring

Weapons and armor were excluded from the list.

It seemed that only less expensive parts were available as rewards for being in 1st place.

"It doesn't matter anyway. I only need one thing."

Ryumin chose option 4, the ring.

It was the only part without a God-grade item.

[You have selected option 4, the God-grade Ring.] [The item will transform according to your level.] [Congratulations! You have obtained the 'Ring of Death.'] [Ring of Death]

-Classification: Ring

-Grade: God

-Effect: All stats +50, All rewards doubled when killing the target

-Durability: 20,000/20,000

-Usage Restriction: Master grade or above

-Description: A ring given to those who understand death.

"Wow. Didn't expect such an item."

Although he had chosen a ring as a reward before, this kind of ring was a first.

"Considering the user's level, it seems a better ring came out than last time."

Smiling with satisfaction, Ryumin used the Special Reward Selection Box this time.
ChatGPT

[You can now choose one of the following special rewards.] [Please touch the desired reward.]

└ 1. Stat Boost Buff (50% increase for 20 rounds)

└ 2. Temporary Skill – Invincibility (20 rounds)

└ 3. God-grade Weapon Selection Voucher

This reward is noticeably different from the previous ones.

‘There's no information about the next round.’

Usually, the information for the next round was included as a reward in option 3, but not this time.

That was the reason why Ryumin had disappeared inexplicably in round 20.

‘Well, the results wouldn't have changed even if I had known.’

Knowing that there needed to be at least 5 players to enter the boss room, what could he do now?

Especially when he couldn't revive eliminated players.

‘Knowing in advance and keeping this many people alive is better than being taken by surprise, otherwise I could have been struck hard.’

It wasn't just a near miss; he had already been hit once.

So, he had no intention of getting hit again.

‘I already know enough about round 20. It's just the information about the boss room that I don't have.’

Therefore, Ryumin contemplated between options 1 and 2.

Option 3, the God-grade Weapon Selection Voucher, wasn't worth considering because he already had one.

‘If it were an Eternal Selection Voucher, I might have considered it.’

Rubbing his chin, Ryumin was lost in thought.

Choosing option 1 would increase his stats by 50%, making it more certain to overwhelm the boss.

‘It could come in handy even when facing Arthros, who might appear unexpectedly.’

Choosing option 2 would provide invincibility, preparing for any unforeseen circumstances.

It might or might not become dangerous, but it was a form of insurance.

‘Which one is better? What would be more helpful in facing the boss in round 20?’

Being the last opportunity, he was careful.

The results could differ based on his choice.

‘Alright. It's probably better to prepare for any unforeseen circumstances.’

Arthros could still be easily overwhelmed.

So, he decided to choose option 2.

As Ryumin made his choice, the sound of angels cheering reached his ears.

[Now, everyone. Stay strong until the last round.]

◀ ROUND 19 End ▶

[Unified Area CA-EA001]

└ Survivors: 72
ChatGPT

[After a while, your soul will transition back into your original dimension.] [Round 20 will begin at midnight on August 1, 2023. See you in the next round. Congratulations on surviving.]

[Round 19 Ends, 72 players return!] [72 transcendents, revived after a 3-day slumber!] [Who are the players leaving the last Round 20?]

Numerous articles were published.

All citizens were paying attention to the 72 survivors.

Some were even treated as chosen ones.

With only 72 out of 1.8 billion humans surviving, it was natural to be in the spotlight.

However, it meant nothing to Minjoo.

She had a big concern, so significant that she had no room to care about such things.

‘Is Min really Black Scythe?’

Seo Arin said that with conviction, but it was hard to believe.

Even though she had seen the transformation with her own eyes, it didn't feel real.

'No, the fact that they can both transform doesn't necessarily mean they are the same person.'

She tried to deny it, but it wasn't enough to erase the suspicion.

All signs were pointing to the fact that Black Scythe was Ryumin.

‘Min didn't reveal the nickname, continued to avoid encounters in the other world, all to hide his true identity?’

The possibility was high, but what mattered more was finding out the truth.

Brooding alone wouldn't lead to answers.

‘I have to meet Min.’

Minjoo's fingers moved quickly.

Tap-tap-tap-tap-

[Minjoo: Min-ah, I have something to discuss. Can you spare some time? It's important.] [Ryumin: Sure. Let's meet at the unmanned cafe in Myeongdong in an hour.]

The appointment was quickly made.

The two, who had settled into the cafe before they knew it, looked at each other and placed their orders.

"Caramel Macchiato for you?"

"Double Espresso for you?"

If it were a usual situation, they might have smiled at each other's simultaneous suggestions, but both understood.

This was a serious moment where laughter was not appropriate.

"I'll go get it."

As Ryumin brought the coffee back to the table, Minjoo spoke.

"Thanks."

"No problem. What's going on?"
ChatGPT

Ryumin had the expression of someone who came with something on their mind, but Minjoo had no way of knowing that fact. She just had the face of someone seeking the truth.

"I have something I want to ask."

"What is it?"

"You joked with me before. You said you were Black Scythe."

"Yeah."

"Was that really just a joke, or was it a serious statement?"

Ryumin maintained silence, contemplating whether to speak or not. Seeing Minjoo frustrated, she asked again.

"Are you really Black Scythe? Tell me honestly this time."

"Not just this time."

Ryumin spoke with a serious expression.

"I said it honestly last time too."

"That means..."

"I said I'm Black Scythe."

Despite Ryumin revealing her identity once again, Minjoo still had a face that found it hard to believe.

"Can you show me some proof?"

Ryumin nodded and transformed her appearance. In an instant, she became the image of Lostyak, then pulled out a white mask from her bag.

"This is the appearance of Black Scythe in the reality you know. And..."

Ryumin recited the activation command and equipped all the items from her inventory.

"This is the attire of Black Scythe from the other world."

As the unmanned cafe had no other customers, there was no one else to be surprised except Minjoo, who kept her mouth agape.

Fluttering sounds accompanied the appearance of wings behind Ryumin.

"These are the Black Wings. You've seen Black Scythe using them a lot, right?"

"..."

"I'd like to show you my skills too, but unfortunately, I can't do it here."

As if questioning when Ryumin's wings appeared, they vanished.

"Is it still hard to believe?"

"No... believe it now. That you are Black Scythe."

Minjoo's voice, confronted with an undeniable truth, was strangely trembling.