
ChatGPT

Title: The 100th Regression of a Max Level Player - Episode 337

Episode 101 (1)

[If it's a regression, it's possible.]

It was good news, but the system's words indicated that it wasn't over yet.

[However, with the values collected by the Black Scythe, the limit is going back 609 days.]

"609 days?"

He tried to calculate in his mind when that was.

It was before the game started, on December 31, 2021.

"Are they talking about when I regress for the 100th time?"

Was it a question that couldn't be answered?

The system remained silent in response to Ryumin's murmurs.

"Well, okay. I'll just turn back time for one round. I don't ask for more."

Just the chance to correct it once more satisfied Ryumin.

"I'll do it. Regression."

[You have chosen regression as your wish. Do you truly wish to turn back time to December 31, 2021, 609 days ago?]

Ryumin nodded, expressing a look that said, "What else do you want me to do?"

[Regression begins.]

December 31, 2021.

Amidst the crowd at Boshingak, Ryumin opened his eyes.

"It's finally time. Let's all count down together!"

Hearing the familiar lines and voices, he felt sure.

'Back again.'

Regression.

Ryumin repeated this unique opportunity countless times.

'Is it practically the 101st regression?'

Although it felt tiresome, he had already repeated it a hundred times.

Doing it once more wouldn't pose a psychological problem.

Maybe it even sparked enthusiasm?

'This time, I'll fix it. So that people don't die senselessly.'

Above all, this time, the goal was different.

While the focus had been on conquering the 20 rounds before, this time he had to lead his comrades to the final round.

He also had to gain the power to revenge against Chaos.

'Just as the 99th and 100th regressions were different, this 101st regression will yield different results.'

At least, the beginning of the regression was the same.

As the bell rang terrifyingly signaling the end, an angel appeared, and 1.8 billion people were dragged to another dimension.

Ryumin, too, did the same, and this time he inevitably chose the nickname [Black Scythe].
ChatGPT

Up to this point, it's the same, but who knows.

'Things might be different from now on.'

What if the room of wishes confused the time and sent it to a different time period instead of the 100th regression?

What if, for the 101st regression, the player doesn't obtain the title of the Last Time Reverser?

What if, this time, something other than the Rune of Time Reversal comes out?

With such concerns in mind, he used a random rune fragment.

Then, as if on cue, a message he had seen before came to mind.

[You have used a random rune fragment.] [Congratulations! The 'Rune of Time Reversal' has appeared!] [The acquired rune is automatically engraved on the player's body!] [The remnants of the rune are left in the player's soul.] [The engraving failed due to the rune's characteristics.] [It has been confirmed that you are the 100th Time Reverser through the remnants of the rune engraved on your soul.] [You acquire the title 'Last Time Reverser.']

'Seeing that I obtained the same title as before, it seems like the 100th regression is certain.'

Relieved, Ryumin easily killed 100 goblins and provoked an angel, leading it to a secluded place.

Then, killing the guide post, he obtained the Death Knight's item and concluded the 1st round.

After waking up his younger brother, he went to find Bang Taekyu as planned.

"Ryuwon, who's this bastard next to you? Did you bring a new shuttle because you thought I might be bored?"

Bang Taekyu's group sneered at him.

In a moment, that laughter would turn into terror.

As expected.

"P-please spare me...."

The plea of Bang Taekyu, whose fingers were all broken, filled the abandoned factory.

Now it was time to break his arm, but Ryumin decided to act differently.

"Hey. Call your brother and tell him to come here."

"M-me?"

"Otherwise, there's a chance I might break your arm too."

Grabbing his arm and threatening, Bang Taekyu nodded and made a call with one arm.

"What? Are you awake? Can you come here for a moment? I often visit this factory... Just come if you want to... What's the matter? Just come if..."

Thunk-!

"After him!"

After breaking Bang Taekyu's arm, he grabbed the phone. "Hurry up and come. If you don't want to see your brother beaten up."
ChatGPT

After ending the call, about 10 minutes passed, and Ryu's older brother, Bang Taewan, appeared.

He was the one who approached Ryuwon in the previous round, promising revenge for his younger brother.

'I might as well educate this guy as well. Otherwise, my brother might be in danger again.'

Bang Taewan was a player, a talent who managed to survive up to round 10 in his own way, but in Ryu Min's eyes, he was mediocre.

It didn't take long for Ryu Min to deal with Bang Taewan.

"Educate your brother properly. Understand?"

"Ughhh...."

"No answer?"

He grabbed his arm and broke his fingers.

Crack, crack-

"Agh! Agh!"

"Answer."

Bang Taewan, tears in his eyes, nodded.

Considering the fear in his eyes, similar to his brother's, he probably wouldn't report this.

"Do you know what happens if you report? Your brother will end up dead. So be careful."

After firmly tying up the loose ends, Ryu Min left the abandoned factory with his brother.

He didn't think that such an incident would change the main course of the future.

Afterwards, as planned, Ryu Min purchased a lottery ticket.

There was no other way to secure a 70 billion seed in an instant.

He also quit his part-time job at the meat restaurant and moved to the Galleria Forest just like before.

The location was the same as last time, below Suh Arin's apartment.

'We met by chance before, but not now.'

Even before his brother could speak, Ryu Min suggested bringing rice cakes to the neighbor's house.

And he could visit Suh Arin's house earlier than planned.

-Who is it?

"Hello. I moved in downstairs. I brought some rice cakes for you to try."

-Yes, wait a moment.

Suh Arin, who usually wouldn't come out due to external pressure, opened the door.

It was a good timing to come when Ahn Sangcheol was absent.

"Hello... Oh? You're not the actor Suh Arin?"

Ryu Min, who had no interest in her in the previous round, pretended to know her first.

"Wow, I never expected a celebrity to live upstairs. Nice to meet you."

It wasn't just empty words; he was genuinely pleased.

The opportunity that he thought would never come again was given to him.

Of course, it felt awkward for Suh Arin, meeting him for the first time.

"Try these rice cakes. They're shiru tteok, brought them quickly, so they're still warm."

"Oh, thank you."
ChatGPT

"Then we'll be going now. See you around."

Ryu Min said that and turned away with his brother.

Although he wanted to be close, it was better to just leave a mark for now.

'Anyway, we'll meet in the 2nd round.'

Sure enough.

In the 2nd round, Ryu Min entered the forest for hunting instead of participating in the vote.

While doing so, he noticed the tailing of Suh Arin and Ahn Sangcheol and deliberately pretended not to know them.

"Actress Suh Arin? I didn't expect to see you here."

"Do you... do you know me?"

"I know. You live upstairs in our building."

"What? So, you're the person living downstairs... the one called Black Scythe?"

"Yes. Did you enjoy the shiru tteok?"

Suh Arin, who couldn't believe her eyes, had to accept it because the evidence was clear.

'There's no problem telling Suh Arin about my identity.'

In the past, he kept his identity hidden because he didn't know who to trust, but now he knows.

Who won't betray him, who can be trusted until the end.

That's why he revealed his identity to reliable comrades early on.

Including the ability of foresight.

"In a while, a group tracking Ms. Suh Arin will appear."

"What? Me?"

"You'll find out soon if you wait."

Ahn Sangcheol, who was next to her, was suspicious, but it was just for a moment.

With the appearance of Hwang Yongmin and his group trying to rob Suh Arin, Ryu Min's words gained strength.

Of course, Hwang Yongmin had been beaten up like catching a stray dog on his revenge day.

'I don't need to reveal my identity to Hwang Yongmin yet.'

Revealing the identity is only for those who will become allies.

That includes Ahn Sangcheol.

'I won't kill Ahn Sangcheol and Makyoungrok this time. I should use them instead.'

Killing both of them in the last life was a big mistake.

At the very least, he should have enslaved them and raised them.

Not only that, but their max-level skills could have been useful for protecting party members.

'Thanks to Rubahi, I now know what I did wrong.'

That's why Ryu Min opened up his identity and abilities to Ahn Sangcheol in advance.
ChatGPT

"Now Makyoungrok will be bloodthirsty to not let me slip away. Especially since he's a prophet and openly declared himself as the top-ranked player."

By just saving Suh Arin and Ahn Sangcheol, he created a pretext for a meeting.

"Black Scythe, I'd like to repay this favor. How about meeting our leader once?"

"Sure."

After promoting to a reaper, Ryu Min met Makyoungrok after the end of the 2nd round.

Originally, he would have met him after increasing his funds with Bitcoin, but he intentionally moved up the timing.

To completely make Makyoungrok his underling.

"Black Scythe, no, Ryu Min. Thank you very much for saving my subordinate. But a prophet... it's hard to believe."

"Do you doubt me?"

"In these dark times, it's hard not to be suspicious. Please don't take it too personally."

It seems that Makyoungrok considers himself a swindler who intentionally scams people to rip off their money.

As Ryu Min expected, he couldn't help but smile.

"I don't like being doubted either. Let's do this. I'll make two prophecies."

"Prophecies?"

"Bitcoin will skyrocket within a month. If you put all your money in now, you'll make a big profit. Of course, whether to believe it or not is up to you. Additionally, I'll tell you about the 3rd round."

Right now, they might look at him with skeptical eyes, but after a month, it's obvious how their attitudes will change.

After that, he acted as he did before.

He went to a convenience store, apologized to Minjuri's father, and created a connection with Minjuri.

But he still didn't reveal his identity.

Because nobody asked.

However, he did tell his brother early on that he was Black Scythe and a regressor.

Not someone who would spread the word elsewhere.

In the 3rd round, he used Hwang Yongmin's group to summon the agent of divine punishment and gained benefits.

As the prophecies unfolded, Makyoungrok couldn't hide his surprise.

"I really didn't know that Bitcoin would rise. If I knew, I would've invested more money..."

"But you still made a profit of 1 billion."

"It's not much compared to our major shareholder."
ChatGPT

Having already spent 70 billion, Ryu Min invested 28 billion in Cheonma Consulting out of 30 billion.

It was natural for Makyoungrok to come out so politely.

"Is the outlook for our company really good?"

"Yes. Cheonma Consulting will grow further. However, you need to change the industry as I said."

Makyoungrok almost accepted Ryu Min's words like a god, probably because he showed results, and even Ahn Sangcheol didn't object.

As they progressed to the 4th round, Ryu Min knew it was time to step forward.

"In the past, I told Minjuri to go find Black Scythe in the 5th round."

This time, he had to say it again, but there was a difference.

"Juri."

"Yeah?"

"When the territories are integrated in the 5th round, a quest to hunt orcs will come out. Let's hunt together."

"Hunt? Okay! I was feeling a bit overwhelmed doing it alone. It's a bit scary too..."

Perhaps due to experiencing a quest to slaughter people in the 4th round, Minjuri showed a weaker side.

"Don't worry. There won't be any danger if you're with me."

"Wow, Mini. Are you looking cool today? So confident. What level are you?"

"Instead of the level, I'll tell you my nickname."

"Nickname?"

Ryu Min, who hadn't revealed his nickname until now, finally disclosed it.

"My nickname is Black Scythe."

"What? No way. You're the rank 1 player?"

"It may be hard to believe, but it's true."

When Ryu Min showed the scythe, amazement flickered across Minjuri's face.

However, she didn't tremble in shock like before.

"Really? Wow, amazing. My friend is the rank 1!"

Just expressing admiration like this.

'Yeah. Revealing it like this was the right thing to do.'

He should have revealed his identity to Minjuri early on, at least to her.