
ChatGPT

Title: "The 100th Regression of a Max Level Player - Episode 350"

Episode 350: "A New Soul Binding Quest"

Ryumin quietly followed behind the Dragon Lord.

Though the Dragon Lord occasionally looked back, he didn't seem to be particularly vigilant and turned his gaze forward again.

However, that was a mistake on the Dragon Lord's part.

Swish-

Suddenly, the 'Darkness-Cleaving Scythe' appeared in Ryumin's right hand and hung around the Dragon Lord's neck.

The Dragon Lord, whose steps were halted, turned back with a fierce glare.

"What is this about?"

"Speak. What are you scheming?"

"What?"

From the Dragon Lord's perspective, it was absurd.

Not only was his life threatened, but he was also being accused of scheming something out of the blue.

"Scheming? What nonsense is this?"

"I know everything, so don't play dumb."

Despite the Dragon Lord's continued perplexity, Ryumin didn't let it slide.

In a fleeting moment, his gaze wavered.

"You're hiding something. Aren't you?"

"Are you out of your mind, Gaia's envoy? While guiding me to where Terra is, suddenly threatening my life. Does Gaia know about this?"

"She knows. The entity that ordered me to kill you is not Gaia."

"Gaia ordered my death? Hahaha!"

The Dragon Lord burst into laughter unexpectedly.

As if such a thing could never happen.

"If you're going to lie, at least do it convincingly, human. You dare mock the king of dragons."

"Tch, it's not working."

In truth, Ryumin didn't trust Gaia.

Perhaps because he had already been betrayed, the thought of some trickery lingered in his mind.

Therefore, he couldn't trust the Dragon Lord before him either.

This was the reason he was threatening his life to extract information.

"If only there were runes of true feelings, it would have been easier."

Even though he pretended to follow Gaia's command to extract information, it didn't work.

"Still, there's one thing I'm certain of."

The unwavering trust the Dragon Lord had in Gaia.

As if he were a loyal subject.

"If you won't provide the information, then there's no choice."

Thinking that getting information would be difficult, Ryumin slowly moved the scythe.

Was he truly going to kill him?
ChatGPT

With the eyes of insight, the Dragon Lord's disposition, once benevolent, changed to malevolent.

It was a natural result, in a way.

One cannot be indefinitely favorable to an opponent attempting to kill themself.

However, Ryumin had his own plan.

"All right. Now, I can use the time of doom."

The skill of Moros, who dominates the mind of those with evil intentions.

With this, he could extract information freely from the Dragon Lord.

"[Formidable opponent.] [Skill canceled.]"

"Oh no, it doesn't work?"

It seemed ineffective, perhaps because he was not an ordinary being.

There seemed to be some trickery, but he couldn't figure it out.

Was it because there was no fear of death?

Even when a sword was at his neck, the Dragon Lord revealed his arrogance.

"If you kill me, you will regret it, human."

"Well, we'll see once you're dead."

"I don't understand why you're doing this."

"If you want to live, tell the truth."

"What you see is the truth."

"What I see...."

Muttering to himself, Ryumin looked at the system window.

Perhaps thinking he was off guard, the Dragon Lord's eyes gleamed.

He seemed to be planning to transform into a dragon and counterattack.

But pulling the scythe around his neck was faster than that.

Swoosh!

With a single gesture, the Dragon Lord died.

As an Eternal item with excellent performance, even with low stats, it was enough to kill a life.

The red blood spread around the Dragon Lord's corpse.

"..."

If there were spectators, they might have screamed and pointed fingers.

To onlookers, it seemed as if he had murdered the innocent Dragon Lord, claiming he had some trickery.

But he didn't kill without reason.

He had just completed a quest.

At the time of the completion of the second divinization.

Ryumin had to widen his eyes at a new quest.

[A new Soul Binding Quest is available.]

"Huh? Another quest? I heard killing gods was the last one, according to Gaia."

According to Gaia, there were no more Soul Binding quests.

But there was one more?

Curious, he looked at the quest with a mindset of let's see what it is.

└ Do not trust Gaia
ChatGPT

└ Kill Dragon Lord Karmithris (0/1)

└ Upon success ▶ ????

"What kind of quest is this? Surely, it's not a joke?"

It's Gaia's system, but it says not to trust Gaia. Moreover, to kill the Dragon Lord?

"Where do I even find the Dragon Lord?"

Even though the quest's content wasn't unclear, Ryumin was confused.

Is this really a quest created by Gaia?

"Should I ask Gaia when I meet her?"

Ryumin tilted his head slightly.

According to this content, he shouldn't trust Gaia.

"Let's move according to the plan for now."

Putting the quest aside, he focused on conquering Chaos.

Eventually, he faced Gaia as an alternative choice suggested by Luvahahi. The problem was that he discovered the truth.

Changing the settings of the boss room and Gaia's behavior that led to her own destruction.

Since then, Ryumin decided not to trust Gaia.

To believe in the Soul Binding quest.

"I killed the Dragon Lord as the quest instructed."

It wasn't solely based on the quest content.

When he observed the guy a while ago, it seemed clear that he was hiding something.

"Moreover, his disposition changed to evil, and he seemed determined to retaliate against me."

Perhaps he had killed an innocent life.

But Ryumin chose to believe in the quest.

Didn't it say not to trust Gaia?

"It's already spilled milk."

By rejecting Gaia, he lost the means to oppose Chaos, but Ryumin chose to trust his instincts.

[You have completed the Soul Binding Quest.] [As a reward for the Soul Binding Quest, 'Paradise Warp Ticket' has arrived.]

"What is this? Paradise Warp Ticket?"

Paradise.

Could it be the place Gaia talked about?

He decided to postpone using it for now.

[According to the settings, the Paradise Warp Ticket will be used immediately.]

"What?"

A bright light appeared as if to indicate there was no choice, engulfing Ryumin's vision.

"Where is this...?"

As soon as he opened his eyes, Ryumin doubted whether he was seeing an illusion.

"It's home, isn't it?"

Just an ordinary house.

It exuded a cozy atmosphere, not seeming like an illusion.
ChatGPT

A house where the heart warms and defenses loosen, such a home.

"Finally, you're here."

At the voice that suddenly sounded from behind, Ryumin's head swiftly turned.

"Oh, no need to be on guard. I don't have any special powers."

A young woman in an apron in the kitchen smiled brightly.

"...Could she be the goddess of slaughter?"

Judging from her voice, she seemed to possess divine power, but it was unclear.

However, she didn't seem threatening, based on her words and demeanor.

"It doesn't seem likely..."

At that moment, she shouted towards the second floor.

"Dear, we have a guest! Come down now!"

It seems he made a mistake.

The man who descended appeared to be the one suspected as the god of slaughter.

"Truly, you've come this far."

The man had an ordinary Asian appearance.

Ryumin could instantly identify his identity.

The energy flowing from his entire body was far from ordinary.

"So, you're Min Dojun, also known as the God of Slaughter?"

"Yes. Gaia must have explained it to you."

"Yes."

"There must be a lot on your mind, but let's sit down first."

Min Dojun suggested seating on the sofa and asked the woman, likely his wife, for two cups of tea.

Ting-

"Help yourself."

Ryumin looked at the tea with wary eyes.

"What is this?"

"Just ordinary chamomile tea. It has a calming effect. Don't worry; it's not poisoned."

"It's okay."

"Considering what will happen later, can't you drink it without worries?"

What kind of event is about to happen that he's trying to instill fear beforehand?

While Ryumin continued to glare, Min Dojun chuckled.

"Alright. Let me answer your curiosity first. You probably already guessed, but the quest to kill the Dragon Lord was my doing. It's not a quest designed by Gaia."

"Are you saying you brought me here for that reason?"

"That's right."

"Why?"

"Because Gaia is an untrustworthy being."

Still looking at him with eyes of uncertainty, Ryumin, Min Dojun grinned.

"Do you know why Gaia sent you to the Dragon Lord?"

"To find the vast amount of Terra buried in Dracania."

"That's just a surface reason, not the truth."

"Then?"
ChatGPT

[Actually, the plan was to sacrifice you to locate Chronos.]

Ryumin wasn't surprised; instead, he felt a sense of inquiry.

"But I heard that Gaia already found Chronos?"

[She did. However, she recently lost track of him again. Chronos managed to escape on his own.]

"He escaped? Why?"

[Because he realized his own mother was trying to kill him and absorb his power.]

Gaia tried to kill Chronos?

Gaia, who had orchestrated all of this for her son?

It was a shocking revelation, but Ryumin remained unfazed.

Since he couldn't confirm the authenticity of Min Dojun's words.

"What I heard is different. I heard Gaia planned all of this to protect Chronos."

[That was true. Until you arrived for the first time, it was undoubtedly so. The love of a mother trying to protect her son was palpable. But not anymore.]

"..."

[After finding Chronos, Gaia changed. It was when she realized, belatedly, that if she created a rune that could regress 100 times, Chronos's power was immense, even more so than she thought. Like Chaos realized.]

Holding the cup to his lips, Min Dojun interrupted his words.

[However, it doesn't mean Gaia wants to kill Chronos like Chaos does. She can't kill him anyway because she doesn't have the power of destruction. Instead, she found a way to absorb Chronos's power. Absorbing it would free her from the constraints of Chaos and allow her to become an absolute deity.]

"And Chronos found out about that?"

[Exactly. Chronos caught on to Gaia's deception and escaped. Now, he finds himself in a situation where he can't even trust the mother who gave birth to him.]

"..."

His father wants to kill him, and his mother wants to absorb him to become a deity?

It must be insane for Chronos, the son.

"It's like something out of a crazy soap opera, right?"

Of course, it would only make sense if you assume it's true.

[I'm not lying. Everything I've told you is the truth.]

"Then, why does Gaia need me?"

[As I mentioned before, she needs you to find the location of Chronos.]

"Me?"
ChatGPT

[For you, who has regressed a hundred times, remnants of Chronos's power remain. That residue served as the basis to determine his location.]

In other words, Ryumin was the key to finding Chronos, who had escaped.

"So, the place the Champion was guiding me to wasn't the land where Terra is buried, but a lure to entice me to my death at the altar?"

[That's right. Those Dragonkin bastards are all in cahoots with Gaia.]

"Why would the Dragonkin help Gaia?"

[Gaia proposed it. If they help find Chronos and assist him in becoming an absolute deity, not only will they gain eternal life, but they will also defeat Chaos and escape from the desolate land.]

No wonder the Champion showed loyalty to Gaia.

It all had a reason.

"You mentioned a massive amount of Terra buried there. Was that also a lie?"

[It wasn't a lie. There really is Terra buried there. In reality, it was just an excuse and a bait to lure you.]

"..."

[Gaia has only spoken the truth so far. She couldn't violate the soul contract. Not that she disclosed everything.]

Lost in thought, Ryumin remained silent.

Understanding his contemplation, Min Dojun continued to provide additional information for Ryumin to process.

[When Gaia came to me, saying she would change the Boss Room settings, I read her mind and understood to some extent. Like Chaos, she also doesn't care about human lives. Her focus is solely on the goal of killing Chaos.]

"..."

[Then, when you failed the 100th attempt and proceeded to the 101st, Chronos understood Gaia's intentions and escaped. Gaia came to me seeking advice, just as she used to. Thanks to that, I could find out that Gaia now targets Chronos.]

"..."

[Gaia has already discarded you as a card. Initially, she thought of you as a weapon to eliminate Chaos, but after witnessing the true power of Chronos, her perspective changed. Now, she aims to absorb her son to kill Chaos.]

"..."

[That's why I hacked Gaia's system and created an additional quest. I anticipated that you would be abandoned in Draconia.]

After pondering for a while with his head down, Ryumin finally looked up.
ChatGPT

However, his gaze was filled with suspicion toward Min Dojun.

"What if all of this is a fabricated lie by you?"

Ryumin's doubt was natural.

Min Dojun, being a new god he encountered for the first time, and not having a soul contract like Gaia, made skepticism inevitable.

[It may be hard to believe, but I haven't spoken a single lie. If you want, I can even make a contract with you. But to doubt now is quite absurd. Weren't you suspicious of Gaia from the beginning, leading to the killing of the Champion?]

"Still, the story you're telling now seems too fantastical."

[If you can't believe it, take a look at this.]

Min Dojun snapped his fingers, and the living room TV turned on.

On the TV, dragons were moving the Champion's corpse.

[This is the situation being broadcasted in real-time. See there? Something like an altar. We were planning to conduct a ritual there to trace Chronos by placing your body and doing the tracking.]

While an altar was indeed visible, it still seemed insufficient.

"As long as there is Akashic Record, finding Chronos is just a matter of time. But why perform such a ritual?"

[Well, Chronos is in a place that even the Akashic Record can't find. Right here.]

"Here?"

Min Dojun stood up.

[Just wait a moment. I'll bring Chronos here.]