Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

1056  Where is she? Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Gu Zhou frowned and said unhappily, "Do you think there's a need for us to talk?"

Qiao Nian saw that Yu Chu seemed to be frightened by Gu Zhou. She gasped and looked like she wanted to say something but hesitated, as if she had been wronged.

Any woman would dislike the girl her husband's mother had found to meet her husband.

However, Yu Chu gave off a strange feeling.

Gu Zhou's voice was slightly louder, and Yu Chu felt a chill run down her spine. It was obvious that Yu Chu was a timid girl.

Yu Chu's face, neck, and ears were red. She looked completely frightened.

Qiao Nian narrowed her eyes slightly. On the surface, Yu Chu looked like an innocent and timid girl.

One could never judge a book by its cover!

If this was just Yu Chu's disguise, then Yu Chu's position was very high!

As for what kind of person Yu Chu was, she would only be sure after interacting with her.

However, Qiao Nian hoped that Yu Chu was an innocent and kind person. Otherwise, the two of them would be enemies. She had never been soft-hearted towards her enemies.

Qiao Nian had a plan in mind. She smiled at Gu Zhou. "Don't be angry first. Since Miss Yu said that there might be a misunderstanding between us, let's listen to her explain!"

When Yu Chu heard Qiao Nian's words, he gave her a grateful look and looked at Gu Zhou expectantly. "Brother Ah Zhou and Second Sister-in-law, let's go in and talk!"

Gu Zhou stood there expressionlessly and asked coldly, "Where is she?"

"Teacher hasn't arrived yet!" Yu Chu said obediently.

Qiao Nian glanced up at Yu Chu. So Yu Chu was Bai Hui's student.

Was Bai Hui planning to let Yu Chu and Gu Zhou meet alone?

Realizing this, Qiao Nian felt a little uncomfortable.

When the waiter heard Yu Chu's words, his expression changed drastically. He immediately stepped forward and reminded her softly, "Miss Yu, Madam Bai has already said that only Mr. Gu is allowed to enter! Please don't make things difficult for us! If we really let that young lady in, I might lose my job. Please understand!"

When Qiao Nian heard the waiter's words, she subconsciously didn't want to go in. Since Yu Chu wanted to explain things, they could go somewhere else.

Just as Qiao Nian was about to speak, she saw Yu Chu blush and frown. She said fiercely, "Put all the blame on me. If there's any problem, I'll bear the consequences!"

Qiao Nian was slightly stunned. Although she understood that Yu Chu was pretending to be very fierce, in her opinion, Yu Chu seemed to be acting cute.

Yu Chu was 1.6 meters tall and had her hair tied up in a bun. She looked like a clean piece of white paper, making one unable to feel a trace of annoyance.

The waiter looked at Yu Chu in front of him. He didn't know what to say. How could this woman pretend to be cute and get away with it?

However, Yu Chu was on good terms with Madam Bai. When the time came, she would handle the situation. With this thought in mind, the attendant couldn't be bothered to say anything else. He stepped aside and smiled. "Please come in."

The private room was very close. After the three of them entered, the attendant closed the door and left.

Qiao Nian sat down opposite Yu Chu. Gu Zhou sat down next to her.

Yu Chu noticed that Gu Zhou had waited for Qiao Nian to sit down before sitting down. A trace of surprise flashed in her eyes, then she gradually smiled.

She really didn't expect Brother Ah Zhou to not be single.

In the past, Brother Ah Zhou had always avoided women. At that time, she was even worried that Brother Ah Zhou would become a monk in the future, because his actions were no different from those of a monk.

This was great!

Brother Ah Zhou had found the person he loved.

"What are you trying to say?" Gu Zhou asked impatiently.

Qiao Nian sat down beside Gu Zhou and looked at Yu Chu with a smile.

Yu Chu took a deep breath and explained gently, "Brother Ah Zhou, I know that Teacher has invited you over for a meal as well. I understand her thoughts. I came over because I wanted to make things clear."

Gu Zhou's eyes gradually turned cold.

In his impression, his mother was determined to control everything. Whether others liked it or not, she would always force her thoughts on others.

Moreover, she had never felt that she was in the wrong.

Yu Chu was the girl she had brought back and raised.

She was also the fiancée she had prepared for him.