Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

1149  Coincidence?

Qiao Nian gripped her chopsticks tightly. She could tell that her mother really wanted to protect her. She pursed her lips. In the end, she seemed to have thought of something and placed the chopsticks in her hand on the bowl. She turned to look at Su Yan. "Mom, what samples did you take when you tested your DNA?"

"Blood and surface skin." At this point, Su Yan thought of the results of the examination back then and felt very sad.

"Then when you were doing the test, did anyone help you?" Qiao Nian asked, frowning slightly.

Su Yan's eyes turned red again. She said, "At that time, I did the blood test first. When I saw the results, although I was unwilling to admit this result, I still trusted the results of our medical equipment."

What happened back then was a long and painful thing for Su Yan. She paused for a moment. "I wanted to test the DNA of the surface skin, but my teacher came over at that time."

"My teacher couldn't bear to let me remove the surface skin of that broken limb when he saw how sad I was. He asked me to go back and rest first, and he sent me the surface skin test he had taken. I did another appraisal, and the results told me that the broken limb was yours."

The more Su Yan spoke, the sadder she became. She couldn't help but hold Qiao Nian's hand tightly. "I saw two results. I felt that the machine might have made a mistake, so I tested the DNA again. The facts showed that there was nothing wrong with the machine, and that broken limb was really yours." Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"I'm sorry, Sugar. All these years, if I firmly believed that you were still alive, you wouldn't have to suffer outside anymore." The more Su Yan spoke, the sadder she became. Her tears began to fall again.

Qiao Nian's heart skipped a beat, and her eyes turned a little red. However, Su Yan's words made her see a loophole. She hesitated for a moment and asked, "Mom, what was your teacher's name back then?"

When Su Yan heard Qiao Nian's question, she frowned imperceptibly. "Are you talking about Shen An?"

Qiao Nian had never heard of the name Shen An. She looked at Lu Zhu in confusion.

Lu Zhu said, "He also appraised the broken arm. In the end, he confirmed that the broken arm is yours."

Qiao Nian suddenly recalled that Lu Zhu had told her about Shen An in the past. At that time, Lu Zhu had even specially gone to look for Shen An to ask about the ins and outs of the matter. However, at that time, Shen An had already suffered from Alzheimer's, so he couldn't remember much about the past.

Qiao Nian lowered her gaze slightly and said hesitantly, "But he can't remember that matter anymore."

Lu Zhu nodded. "Yes."

Previously, Qiao Nian hadn't taken it to heart that Shen An had Alzheimer's. However, when these two things were combined, she couldn't help but have doubts.

Shen An seemed to be concerned about his mother, but he could have secretly changed the sample. Moreover, his mother had made it very clear that at that time, Shen An had asked her to go to the office to rest first. Therefore, no one knew who had changed the sample on Shen An's side.

Clearly, Su Yan had already thought of this. Her face was a little pale as she muttered to herself, "Did he do it on purpose?"

Qiao Nian looked at Su Yan. She could understand Su Yan's confusion. If it were her, she would also be confused. No one would be willing to doubt their teacher.

At this moment, an idea flashed across Qiao Nian's mind. She looked up at Lu Zhu and asked, "Brother, on April 18th two years ago, did Jiang Chi stay in the Lu family the entire time, or did he go somewhere else?"

Lu Zhu frowned slightly and said, "I'll investigate."

With that, Lu Zhu lowered his head and sent a message to his secretary. Soon, his secretary sent a document over.

Lu Zhu looked at Qiao Nian and said, "That day, the company was under construction. Qi Qi went with Jiang Cheng."

"Investigate who's in the building team." Qiao Nian's expression turned serious. She felt that some of those people must know about what happened twenty years ago.

"I've sent you the list." Although Lu Zhu didn't understand why Qiao Nian wanted to check the list, he said, "Why do you want to check the list?"

Qiao Nian told him about how Jiang Cheng had overheard the call in the diary. She also told him about the cause of Jiang Cheng's death.