Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

1150  Lucky Star

When Lu Zhu heard Qiao Nian's words, his eyes darkened. There was no expression on his face, but the anger in his eyes had already expressed his heart. He pursed his lips and said coldly, "I see. No wonder I couldn't find out who harmed him. Looks like they can be wiped out all at once this time!"

When Su Yan heard this, she lowered her gaze and pursed her lips. "We do have to get to the bottom of this!"

Qiao Nian grabbed Su Yan's hand and comforted her softly. "Mom, don't worry. We're just suspicious. Perhaps someone touched the sample he handled. We'll visit him later and ask if there's anything wrong."

Hearing Qiao Nian's words, Su Yan nodded. "Okay."

She didn't want to doubt her teacher. She just wanted to think through the truth. Some things were better left unsaid than hidden.

At this moment, footsteps came from outside. She could hear Song Yu and Matriarch Lu talking from afar.

"You're good in every way, but you're too humble!" Matriarch Lu's voice was gentle with a trace of doting.

"It's all because Grandma taught me well. If Grandma hadn't taught me well, how could I have become like this? This is thanks to Grandma!" Song Yu said gently. She looked at Matriarch Lu with a smile and walked into the living room with Matriarch Lu on her arm. From afar, she could see that there were many people in the dining room. "Grandma, we came back at the right time for dinner!"

Matriarch Lu and Song Yu walked towards the cafeteria. When Song Yu saw Su Yan, a sweet smile appeared on her face as she called out, "Mom!"

After Song Yu greeted her brothers, her gaze fell on Qiao Nian and Gu Zhou. "Sister, Brother-in-law!"

Qiao Nian smiled and nodded.

Song Yu helped Matriarch Lu sit at the dining table and sat down beside her. Matriarch Lu looked at her daughter-in-law's red eyes and said happily, "Looks like you've already reunited with Sugar."

"Yes, our Sugar is really lucky. She's not bullied by those people anymore!" Su Yan sighed. She yearned to go straight to the temple to donate more money to the temple to thank God for loving Sugar.

"Alright, alright. Our family can finally have a happy new year." Matriarch Lu couldn't help but sigh. She invited Su Yan to sit beside her, smiling so hard that the crow's feet at the corners of her eyes showed. "We have to hold a special event this year. When the time comes, we can organize it!"

"Yes." Su Yan nodded. She turned to look at Qiao Nian, who was sitting beside her. She grabbed Qiao Nian's hand and said, "With Sugar around, our family will be complete."

"I have good news for you." When Matriarch Lu entered, there was joy on her face. She said, "Sixth Sister has made a name for herself this year. She won the Best Actress Award!"

Everyone from the Lu family smiled and congratulated Song Yu. Song Yu smiled gently. "Ever since Sister returned, our family has really become happier and happier!"

"Yes, yes, yes." Matriarch Lu was happy to hear Song Yu's words. She looked at Qiao Nian with loving eyes and said, "Sugar is our family's lucky star. Our family's good days are still ahead!"

Qiao Nian smiled and sat there. In a daze, she seemed to have returned to when she was young and lived in the countryside. At that time, she watched her grandfather, Qin Chuan, and the others chatting and laughing as they ate. She was very envious.

At that time, she had always hoped to eat happily with her family. She had always fantasized that the Qiao family would be able to bring her back.

Later on, she had already given up on that unrealistic thought because she knew very well that no one in the Qiao family cared about her.

When she returned to the Qiao family, she was targeted.

Thinking of the past, Qiao Nian increasingly felt that it wasn't easy to have a warm home now. Her eyes couldn't help but turn red.

Halfway through the meal, Matriarch Lu stopped eating. She seemed to have thought of something and turned to look at Su Yan, asking, "Where's Lu You? Didn't he come back with you this time?"

Song Yu realized from the beginning that Father Lu was not home, but it was not convenient for her to ask.

Su Yan was eating pork ribs. When she heard Matriarch Lu's words, the bones were almost jammed in her throat. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates