Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

1152  Messy

Was Gu Zhou determined to abduct his daughter?

Lu You, an old father, was a little sad. His daughter was going to run away with someone else without a word?

Lu You's gaze lingered on Song Yu and Lu Qi's faces. He didn't know who Gu Zhou had taken a liking to. His two daughters were already adults. They might be with Gu Zhou.

"Dad, it's not me," Song Yu hurriedly shook her head and explained seriously.

Seeing Lu You staring at her, Lu Qi knew what her father was thinking. Before she could speak, she saw her old father frown even more. His frown was so deep that it could kill a fly.

"Qi Qi?"

When Lu Qi heard this, she immediately shook her head like a rattle-drum. "Dad, I'm still a child. Brother Ah Zhou wants to marry Sister. Don't spout nonsense. It won't be good if others hear you!"

Master Pudu walked to the entrance of the cafeteria. His gaze fell on Lu You. He glanced at everyone and pressed his palms together. With an unfathomable expression, he said, "Amitabha. I've taken a look. There are no souls in your house. In that case, there's no need for me to expiate them. Good, good!"

Everyone was almost done eating dinner. They put down their bowls and chopsticks. When they heard Master Pudu's words, they immediately understood why Lu You had invited an eminent monk!

Everyone looked at each other.

When Lu You heard this, he was a little confused. However, on second thought, Master Pudu was an eminent monk in the temple of An City. It was said that he had helped expiate many souls. Previously, he had wanted to ask Master Pudu to help Sugar expiate her soul, but at that time, Master Pudu had only said, "Your fate has yet to be severed, so we can't expiate her soul. Benefactor, I'll be taking my leave."

Lu You understood that the fortune-teller he had found previously must be an unreliable person, so he watched Master Pudu leave respectfully.

His Sugar was the best in the world. How could she still be trapped in hell and not reincarnate? After reincarnation, Sugar should have just reached adulthood and should still be in university!

As Lu You thought about this, he revealed a gratified smile. Unfortunately, their father-daughter relationship was shallow and they could not be father and daughter for a few more years.

After sending Master Pudu off, Lu You's gaze landed on Song Yu's face.

Sigh, all these years, he had been living overseas. He did not expect Song Yu to have already reached the point of discussing marriage.

Song Yu had been thin-skinned and shy since she was young. Lu You's gaze landed on Gu Zhou's face.

Lu You's expression turned serious as he asked solemnly, "Xiao Zhou, when did you get together with Xiao Yu? Why didn't you say so earlier? How can you hide this from us elders?"

Qiao Nian was stunned.

Gu Zhou frowned slightly and said, "Uncle, you…"

Before he could finish speaking, Lu You frowned and said sternly, "Xiao Zhou, our families are close. There are some things I think we have to make clear. You're not in good health. If you marry Xiao Yu in the future, what if—I mean, what if you leave first? What will happen to my Xiao Yu? If you recover and can guarantee that you can grow old with my Xiao Yu, I'll consider it!"

Su Yan: [Are you speaking like a human? How can you say such hurtful words at such an old age?]

However, she couldn't help but think along Lu You's lines. Sugar had already married Xiao Zhou. She wondered if Xiao Zhou could always accompany Sugar.

Sugar had suffered in someone else's house for the past twenty years. She didn't want Sugar to suffer again.

When Song Yu heard Lu You's words, a trace of surprise flashed in her eyes. When she reacted, her eyes flickered with gratitude, and her heart warmed.

Although she was not with Gu Zhou, she knew that her father was worried about her marriage.

She had lived in the Lu family all these years. All these years, she had always felt that she was an adopted daughter. She had always been careful and treated herself as an outsider.

Song Xue's appearance made Song Yu clearly realize what family was.

Family would always care about you first no matter what. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

To her, the Song family was just an unfamiliar family.

Song Xue's eyes grew firmer. She had to protect her warm family well.

Everyone in the Lu family turned to look at Gu Zhou. They all wanted to know what Gu Zhou would say, because they were all very worried about Qiao Nian.

Song Yu looked at Qiao Nian, a trace of worry flashing in her eyes. Her gaze fell on Gu Zhou's face, and she waited for his answer.

Qiao Nian was her sister. She was also worried about her sister's future life.