Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

1153  Replica

Qiao Nian stood rooted to the ground, her eyes filled with gratitude.

Although her father's question to Gu Zhou was sharp and perhaps Gu Zhou felt uncomfortable hearing it, she could tell that her father was concerned about Song Yu.

Song Yu was her father's adopted daughter. Her father was already so concerned about his adopted daughter. How could he not treat his biological daughter well?

Qiao Nian's lips curved up imperceptibly, but she quickly regained her composure.

Gu Zhou retracted his gaze from Lu You's face and glanced at everyone. Seeing everyone looking at him nervously, he naturally understood their worry.

His gaze finally landed on Qiao Nian's face. His tone was gentle and low. "How could I bear to leave her?"

She was still alive. How could he dare to die?

Qiao Nian met Gu Zhou's eyes, which were as deep as the sea. She felt a lump in her throat.

In a daze, she recalled what had happened when she was six years old. If it weren't for him, she might have died long ago.

He was the one who had given her life.

The two of them were really destined to be together.

Lu You looked at Gu Zhou's gaze, then at the unfamiliar young lady and Song Yu not far away.

Strange.

What was going on?

Why would Gu Zhou make a promise to an unfamiliar girl?

Had his Song Yu been cheated on?

Lu You felt that something was wrong, but he didn't know what.

"Father-in-law."

Gu Zhou's voice interrupted Lu You's thoughts. He looked up and met Gu Zhou's determined gaze.

"The daughter of the Lu family I want to marry in my life has always been the eldest daughter of the Lu family, Lu Nian."

At the mention of Sugar, Lu You's eyes gradually dimmed. His heart ached, but he was also relieved.

He had not expected Gu Zhou to still remember Sugar after she had left for so many years. It had been hard on Gu Zhou.

blessing. He did not want Sugar to delay Gu Zhou's life.

11:02

"Father-in-law." Gu Zhou could tell what Lu You was thinking from his expression. He reminded him, Lu You looked at Gu Zhou and sighed heavily. He patted Gu Zhou's shoulder and comforted him earnestly, "Xiao Zhou, the dead are gone. Sugar…"

Lu You's voice was a little choked as he continued, "You're a good child, and so is she, but you shouldn't waste time on her. The living have to move on. You have to find a girl you like."

When Gu Zhou heard Lu You's words, the smile on his face grew more and more obvious. He glanced at Qiao Nian gently, then retracted his gaze and said happily, "Father-in-law, Nian'er is the person I want to marry the most. Other than her, I don't want anyone else."

When Lu You heard Gu Zhou's words, he was very touched. However, his Sugar did not have this blessing. He did not want Sugar to delay Gu Zhou's life.

"Father-in-law." Gu Zhou could tell what Lu You was thinking from his expression. He reminded him, "Do you still remember what the eminent monk said before he left?"

Lu You thought about it carefully. The eminent monk had said that Sugar's soul was not at home. Could it be that Gu Zhou had found Sugar's reincarnation?

How… how was this possible?

Lu You looked up and saw that Su Yan's eyes were red, as if she was crying.

Lu You frowned slightly. When he met Su Yan's teary eyes, he was slightly stunned.

The couple seemed to have a telepathic connection. An idea flashed across Lu You's mind as he looked at Qiao Nian in surprise.

Lu You was a person who doted on his wife. He usually did not look at the opposite sex twice. This had already become a habit.

When she first entered the dining area, she had only noticed an unfamiliar little girl sitting beside Su Yan. Now that she took a closer look, her heart began to race.

They looked alike!

It was too similar! Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

She looked 70% like Su Yan when she was young!

There were many people in the world who looked alike. It was impossible for Su Yan to have red eyes just because of someone's looks, unless that person was his daughter.

Could she be Sugar?

Lu You looked at Su Yan in disbelief, as if asking her a question.

Su Yan's lips curved up, and her beautiful eyes were filled with tears. She nodded vigorously, affirming Lu You's words.

Lu You was shocked. He stared unblinkingly at Qiao Nian, his eyes red-rimmed. His voice trembled as he said, "Sugar?"

Qiao Nian's eyes turned red as well. She smiled and nodded.

Lu You looked at Qiao Nian, who looked like a replica of Su Yan. His eyes were red-rimmed, and his lips curved up.

His Sugar was still alive!