Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

1154  Dad

Lu You walked up to Qiao Nian step by step and reached out with trembling hands, wanting to hug her.

Just as his hand was about to touch Qiao Nian's shoulder, he stopped in midair hesitantly.

His memory of Sugar had always been when she was three years old. At that time, Sugar was just a little older. He would easily pick her up and place her on his shoulder.

But now, Sugar had actually become a young lady in her twenties. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Lu You didn't dare to touch Sugar anymore. Although he was her father, the two of them hadn't interacted for more than twenty years. What if she didn't like him hugging her?

Lu You was in a dilemma. He looked at Sugar with red eyes.

Qiao Nian could understand Lu You's even more timid hesitation. She understood that he was afraid of hurting her.

Although she could no longer remember what had happened when she was young, she knew very well that her parents cared about her.

Her father had even specially invited an eminent monk over to perform a ritual for her.

At the thought of this, Qiao Nian's eyes turned even redder. She took the initiative to step forward and gently hug Lu You.

Lu You's body stiffened, but he quickly relaxed. He hugged Qiao Nian back.

Lu You was so nervous that he did not dare to breathe. He had never expected that there would be a day when he would hug Sugar. A tear fell silently to the ground from the corner of his eye, and his voice trembled. "Sugar, welcome back!"

"Dad."

"Sugar… there's still the candy Dad bought for you on the bedside table, and the rabbit doll I bought for you on the bed. I've been waiting for you to come back!"

Towards the end, Lu You's voice choked.

The night before Sugar's accident, she wanted to eat candy and rabbit dolls. He had specially gone out to buy those and wanted to see how happy Sugar would be. In the end, he had waited for twenty years!

Su Yan had just stopped crying, but when she heard Lu You's words, she couldn't help but cry again.

When Sugar was young, they were worried that it would not be good for her teeth if she ate too much candy. They would only let her eat candy once every ten days to half a month.

After Lu You found out that Sugar couldn't go home, he especially regretted controlling Sugar's candy intake back then, so he bought Sugar a candy every day.

Lu You bought a piece of candy every day now. Gradually, he saved a lot of candy.

She saw that some of the candy Lu You had bought had already gone bad and softened. Later on, Lu You bought a fridge to put the candy in and would regularly clean up the expired candy. He said that he was worried that his stomach might ache if he ate the expired candy after Sugar returned.

At that time, she watched with tears in her eyes as Lu You packed up the expired candy in the fridge.

However, she had never expected Sugar to still be alive. Sugar had a chance to eat the candy Lu You had bought.

Su Yan slowly closed her eyes. Tears streamed down her face, and she was extremely excited.

Qiao Nian's nose was red, and tears welled up in her eyes. She felt the warmth of her father's embrace and couldn't bear to leave.

In the past, she had heard from others that parents were a safe haven for children. Whether it was her mother's embrace or her father's, they would make her feel at ease.

Qiao Nian tried hard to control her tears. Smiling, she said, "I've grown up now. I still like to eat a lot of things!"

Hearing his daughter's coquettish voice, Lu You's tears fell again. He gently patted Qiao Nian's back, as if he was coaxing a child. "Alright, alright. No matter what you like, Dad will buy it for you."

This was how it felt to be doted on by her family. Qiao Nian's heart warmed. She looked up slightly and said proudly, "Yes, thank you, Dad!"

When Lu You heard Qiao Nian's words, he frowned. He raised his hand to wipe his tears and let go of Qiao Nian. He stared unblinkingly at Qiao Nian and shook his head gently. He said seriously, "Sugar, I'm your father and you're my daughter. There's no need to thank each other."

Qiao Nian met Lu You's dark eyes. His eyes were filled with her face.

Qiao Nian's heart warmed. She suddenly recalled that Gu Zhou had once said that he didn't want her to thank him. She smiled and nodded. "Alright, I won't say it again."