Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

1155  It Has to Be Him

Everyone arrived at the living room. The family sat on the sofa and looked at Qiao Nian.

Qiao Nian told him about her life in the mountains. She put aside the dirty things in Shen Hao's family and told him about her happy life with her grandfather and senior brothers.

Su Yan looked at Qiao Nian with red-rimmed eyes. She knew that Sugar must have said the good news instead of bad news. She must have suffered a lot when she was young, but Sugar didn't say anything.

Her poor Sugar had actually been bullied to such an extent.

Su Yan wiped her tears. She still remembered that Qiao Nian had married into the Fu family on behalf of Qiao Xin. If the Qiao family really cared about Sugar, why would they force Sugar to help Gu Zhou get rid of his bad luck?

Su Yan and Lu You exchanged a look. At the same time, they recalled that Sugar was being used to get rid of Gu Zhou's bad luck.

At the thought that the good daughter he had just found had married Gu Zhou, Lu You's frown deepened. His gaze fell on Gu Zhou's face and he said sternly, "Gu Zhou, there are no outsiders here. Tell me, how is your health?"

It had to be known that it was rumored that Gu Zhou would not live for long.

Everyone's gaze fell on Gu Zhou's face. When Gu Zhou heard Lu You's words, he sat up straight and said seriously, "As long as I'm alive, I won't let Nian'er suffer at all!"

When Qiao Nian heard Gu Zhou's words, her heart skipped a beat.

Lu You's expression darkened and his frown deepened. "At the end of the day, you haven't told us how your health is. We just want to know about your health!"

Everyone frowned at Gu Zhou.

When Gu Zhou heard Lu You's question, he lowered his gaze.

Actually, he didn't know how his health was either. His health fluctuated between good and bad. If possible, he hoped to die after Qiao Nian and help her take care of her funeral.

Gu Zhou hesitated about how to speak.

"Mom, Dad, I'm a doctor. Of course I'll take good care of his health. I won't let him leave me!" Qiao Nian said firmly. "Even if his life is about to end, I won't leave him. Some relationships transcend time. Back then, he was the husband you personally chose for me. When I was six years old, Brother Ah Zhou saved me. Now, I've chosen him again. My marriage with him is destined. It has to be him!"

Must it be him?

Gu Zhou looked at Qiao Nian with a burning gaze. His Adam's apple bobbed slightly, and his heart warmed.

Lu You looked into Qiao Nian's eyes. Although Sugar had just returned home, he could tell that she really cared about Gu Zhou. Her love for Gu Zhou was unwavering, just like the way Su Yan had looked at him back then.

The way Gu Zhou looked at Qiao Nian was very similar to the way he had looked at Su Yan back then.

Gu Zhou reached out and held Qiao Nian's hand. Their fingers interlocked. His eyes were deep and loving, as if Qiao Nian was the only one left in the world.

Qiao Nian took the opportunity to hold Gu Zhou's hand tightly, a happy smile on her face.

Lu You and Su Yan sat weakly on the sofa. The two of them felt very uncomfortable.

It wasn't easy for them to find their daughter, but before they could dote on her, their daughter was already married!

The brothers felt the same sense of loss, but they were still happy for their sister. It was not easy to find someone who liked each other in one's life.

"Mom, Dad, don't worry about his health," Qiao Nian said with a smile.

Su Yan's eyes turned red again. When a girl grew up, she couldn't be kept. As a mother, she felt stifled!

When the Lu family heard Qiao Nian's words, they didn't say anything else.

"Alright, alright. This matter will be over. By the way, Sugar, you said that someone specially sent you to that village to be adopted?" When Lu You heard Qiao Nian's words, he frowned and asked seriously.

Qiao Nian nodded and said, "Yes, that person wanted to find an adoptive family for me. At that time, he specially sent me to the door of a family. By a freak combination of factors, I met Su Xue. Su Xue said that she found a cheque for a million yuan in my school bag. She was tempted by money, so she adopted me. Now, the Qiao family is in a mess. After Qiao Xin went to prison and told the truth, I realized that Su Xue was lying. At that time, she took a check for six million yuan in my bag!" L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎