Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

1182 Burial

Su Yan looked at Shen An’s anxious and serious expression. Her heart was filled with mixed feelings.

Thank you readers!

She felt terrible. Her teacher was her guiding light. She had never expected her teacher to do such a thing.

But if it weren’t for her teacher, she might never see Sugar again.

“Grandpa Shen, I’m Sugar.” Qiao Nian looked at Dr. Shen and enunciated each word clearly.

When Shen An heard Qiao Nian’s voice, he let go of Su Yan’s hand in a daze and stared unblinkingly at Qiao Nian. He took Qiao Nian’s hand and said in a trembling voice, “Are you Sugar?”

“Yes.”

“Yes, Teacher. She’s my daughter, Sugar. Thank you for saving her back then,” Su Yan said with red-rimmed eyes. The only person she could blame was that woman. She had stolen her daughter, tortured her teacher to this state, and even poisoned her teacher.

“Sugar, Sugar, don’t be afraid. Grandpa Shen won’t let those people bully you.” As Shen An spoke, he held Qiao Nian’s hand and patted it gently, as if he was coaxing a child. “Be good. I’ll send you out.”

“Grandpa Shen, who are the people who bullied us?” Qiao Nian took the opportunity to ask.

Shen An was slightly stunned. He tried hard to recall, and his frown deepened. He hugged his head with both hands. “It hurts. It hurts. I don’t know. I don’t know who they are!”

Su Yan looked at Shen An with red-rimmed eyes, her heart aching even more. “Teacher, if you can’t think of it, then don’t think about it. You’ve already done your best to protect my Sugar. If it weren’t for you, Sugar and I might never have met again.”

When Su Yan thought of how Shen An’s daughter still didn’t know if she was alive or dead, she felt that her teacher was in an even worse state.

If that woman had found another doctor, Sugar might really be dead.

Shen An looked up at Su Yan, tears streaming down his face.

When Qiao Nian saw Shen An like this, her heart seemed to be clenched tightly by an invisible hand. She felt very uncomfortable.

Gu Zhou walked over to Qiao Nian and interlocked his fingers with hers.

He hadn’t expected so many soul-stirring things to happen after Qiao Nian’s kidnapping. He held Qiao Nian’s hand tightly, feeling the warmth of her palm. It hadn’t been easy for the two of them to be together! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Su Yan looked at Shen An and pursed her lips slightly. With a serious expression, she said, “Teacher, don’t worry. As long as your daughter is still alive, we’ll definitely save her. At that time, you’ll be able to reunite.”

“My daughter?” Shen An blinked in confusion. His head hurt again, and his voice trembled as he said, “My daughter has been kidnapped. I don’t know where she is either!”

“I’ll try to detoxify Grandpa Shen’s poison. This is the first time I’ve seen such a poison!” Qiao Nian said with a sigh.

Actually, the Shen father and daughter were very innocent in this matter. They had both been implicated.

That woman probably wanted to deal with her. They wanted Sugar’s bone marrow because they wanted that girl to replace Sugar in the future.

However, they did not expect Sugar to be very smart and nip Song Man’s scheme in the bud.

Of course, all of this was their guess.

Moreover, according to Sugar, Song Man had been adopted by an old man and was not raised by that woman.

They weren’t completely sure if that girl was the girl who had a bone marrow transplant with Sugar’s bone marrow back then.

However, the only thing she was sure of was that Song Man was definitely not a simple person. Otherwise, why would she jump off a building and commit suicide after being exposed?

All she could be sure of now was that either that woman was by her side, or that woman had planted someone else by her side.

Shen An sat there with empty eyes. No one knew what he was thinking.

The next day, everyone from the Lu family sent “Shen An’s” ashes to the cemetery to be buried.

Actually, Shen An was still living in the Dongjiang villa.

Su Yan knew that Shen An was still alive, but when she looked at the tombstone and thought of how her teacher had lived in pain for so many years, she couldn’t help but feel sad. Tears streamed down her face.