Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

1194 Stone Gambling Banquet

Gu Zhou pursed his lips slightly and tightened his grip on Qiao Nian.

Thank you readers!

Her waist was very thin. He wanted her to eat more. He felt that it was better for her to have some meat.

Qiao Nian sensed Gu Zhou’s cheap trick. Her expression didn’t change. She smiled and said softly, “I’m fine. Fourth Brother, how was your sleep last night?”

Qiao Nian thought to herself that she should have made Gu Zhou behave last night. She felt a little guilty lying to Fourth Brother today.

“It’s almost ready. We’re wrapping it up now.” As Lu Jiang spoke, he raised his hand and glanced at the time. “It’ll be fine when the main guest arrives.”

The main guest Lu Jiang was talking about was none other than Mr. Chen!

Qiao Nian looked at the display cabinet in the middle of the exhibition hall. There was an imperial jade inside.

Under the light, the imperial green was like a blue lake.

From different angles, the light emitted by the imperial jade was different. The grade of this imperial jade was really good.

Qiao Nian stared unblinkingly at the imperial jade. It seemed that Fourth Brother had really spent a lot of effort.

The imperial jade in the middle of the display cabinet was just a gift.

There were many raw stones in the display cabinets around them. Most of these raw stones could produce imperial jade, but their qualities would be different.

On the surface, this banquet was called the stone gambling banquet, but in fact, it was also called the imperial jade banquet.

As long as they could get top-grade glass imperial jade, they could take the imperial jade in the middle away for free.

However, that person’s future financial transactions would have to go through Fourth Brother’s bank.

This stone gambling banquet was not only to attract Mr. Chen, but also Fourth Brother’s method to retain his supreme clients.

These raw stones were all carefully selected. They were all worth at least a million yuan outside.

Some were complete raw stones, while others were open. One could vaguely see imperial jade inside.

Although some raw stones had been opened, polished and had jade, this did not mean that this raw stone was filled with imperial jade.

Stone gambling was about life.

There was an old saying in the world of stone gambling, “One cut makes one poor, one cut makes one rich, and one cut makes one wear linen.” No one knew what was inside the raw stone. Everyone could only rely on their experience to determine the quality of the raw stone.

However, raw stones that had been polished well were much more expensive than raw stones that had not been polished. This was a custom in the stone gambling world.

Supreme-grade glass imperial jade was something that one could only dream of.

Those guests who came here to gamble on stones would definitely transfer the funds to Fourth Brother’s bank in advance. Of course, Fourth Brother could use that money to invest. Money made money.

After greeting Qiao Nian, Fourth Brother went to look for Allen.

Qiao Nian watched as Fourth Brother spoke to Allen gently. A thought suddenly flashed across her mind.

Among the four brothers, could Fourth Brother be the richest?

There was still an hour before the stone gambling banquet started. Qiao Nian and Gu Zhou went for a meal first. The two of them sat outside for a while before the stone gambling banquet began.

Qiao Nian and Gu Zhou had arrived early. As soon as they walked in, they saw many people arriving one after another.

The two of them stood not far from the door, mainly to see Mr. Chen.

Many people came and greeted Qiao Nian warmly. Qiao Nian was the queen of stone gambling in their hearts. It was their honor to greet her.

At this moment, Qiao Nian saw a familiar person. That person seemed to sense Qiao Nian’s gaze and turned around.

The moment their eyes met, Qiao Nian was slightly stunned.

Jiang Yue.

Qiao Nian frowned slightly. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

No, that person didn’t seem to be Jiang Yue.

The moment Jiang Yue stepped into the banquet hall, she attracted everyone’s attention.

She was wearing a burgundy gown that revealed her sexy collarbones. The deep V-neck vaguely showed the beauty of her chest. The dress was very short, barely covering her leggings.

There was also a huge bow tied behind her, revealing a large part of her back.

She was sexy and charming, instantly attracting the attention of many men. The infatuation in their eyes could not be more obvious.

She was no longer the innocent-looking little white flower.

Instead, she was like a rose with thorns in the bushes. If a person was not careful, he would prick his hand.