Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

1200 Heartache

Thank you readers!

However, he was not sure if Mr. Chen was involved in Jiang Cheng’s death.

She hoped to get more useful clues from Mr. Chen.

Qiao Nian’s thoughts couldn’t help but wander. If Mr. Chen wasn’t involved in the kidnapping more than twenty years ago, he might have been involved in Jiang Cheng’s death.

According to this train of thought, Mr. Chen’s current boss, Old Master Cui, the chairman of HH Corporation, was very likely to be related to these things.

There didn’t seem to be much of a relationship between the Lu family and Old Master Cui. Qiao Nian felt that her mind was in a mess.

Holding Qiao Nian’s waist, Gu Zhou lowered his head slightly and said softly, “What are you thinking about?”

“Nothing.” Qiao Nian looked up and smiled at Gu Zhou, her gaze gentle.

At this moment, a male voice came from around them.

“Miss Qiao, aren’t you going to choose a raw stone?”

“That’s right. We still want to see if Miss Qiao can open a glass-type imperial jade.”

“Yes, Miss Qiao. Choose another one so that we can learn from you and broaden our horizons.”

One or two people began to jeer, and more and more people began to jeer. Then, everyone’s gaze fell on Qiao Nian’s face.

Qiao Nian stood rooted to the ground, silent.

Seeing Qiao Nian like this, the surrounding people became even more suspicious of her. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Someone said, “Miss Qiao, did you get lucky with the raw stone you chose at Mr. Chen’s stone gambling banquet last time?”

Then, the people around them joined in the commotion!

“Perhaps Miss Qiao had someone helping her choose the raw stones.”

“Oh my god, isn’t that cheating?”

More and more voices of doubt rose around them.

When Gu Zhou heard their words, his expression instantly darkened. His entire body emitted a cold aura that came from hell, and the temperature in the entire banquet hall instantly dropped significantly.

Those who were making noise also shrank back silently, not daring to speak.

They more or less knew a little about Gu Zhou. They had also heard from others that Gu Zhou was not to be trifled with.

Not only were they afraid of Gu Zhou, but they were also afraid of Gu Zhou’s father, who was both an important figure in business and the underworld. It was said that Gu Zhou’s father was also a ruthless person.

Everyone instantly fell silent, not daring to say another word.

There was a faint smile on Qiao Nian’s face. She was as calm as a spring breeze. She smiled and said, “There’s something I might have forgotten to tell everyone. This stone gambling banquet was organized by Mr. Lu and me. As the organizer, it’s not convenient for me to snatch the stones with everyone for the time being. I naturally have to leave the search for imperial glass jade to you!”

Everyone was instantly enlightened.

Their gazes fell on Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian. They noticed that Gu Zhou was holding onto Qiao Nian’s waist thoughtfully.

The smile on Qiao Nian’s face grew deeper and deeper. “We, husband and wife, hope that everyone can raise their stakes!”

Husband and wife?

As soon as she said this, everyone was stunned. So the queen of stone gambling, Qiao Nian, had married Gu Zhou. Logically speaking, the two of them must be well-matched. Otherwise, the Gu family wouldn’t have let Qiao Nian join them!

Now, they no longer dared to look down on Qiao Nian!

“Congratulations, Second Young Master Gu, on getting the beauty. Congratulations, Miss Qiao!”

“Why are you calling her Miss Qiao? You should call her Mrs. Gu now!”

“That’s right, that’s right. Congratulations! We hope you have a hundred years of happiness and get a child soon!”

When Gu Zhou heard their words, his expression improved a lot. The coldness in his body gradually dissipated. It seemed that he was very satisfied with what everyone was saying.

A trace of melancholy flashed in Jiang Yue’s eyes. It seemed that Brother Ah Zhou really liked Qiao Nian.

The reason why Qiao Nian could work with Lu Jiang this time was definitely because Gu Zhou had paved the way for her.

Gu Zhou and Lu Jiang had a good relationship. As long as Gu Zhou suggested that Lu Jiang work with Qiao Nian, Lu Jiang would definitely agree.

At the thought of this, Jiang Yue’s heart ached.

The Lu family had a good relationship with the Gu family. The younger generations of the two families often played together.

However, the brothers of the Lu family treated her like a stranger. At that time, she hoped that Brother Ah Zhou could help her put in a good word for her in front of the brothers of the Lu family. She had told Gu Zhou openly and secretly, but Gu Zhou pretended not to hear anything!