Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

1204 Gift

He really wanted to see what kind of person Jiang Cheng contacted last before his death.

Thank you readers!

In Jiang Cheng’s heart, he was not even as close to his brother as Mr. Chen.

Perhaps it was because Jiang Chi’s gaze was too hot, but Mr. Chen followed his gaze and looked up, meeting his eyes.

At this moment, Jiang Chi almost let go of the wine glass, but he quickly regained his composure and gripped it tightly.

Mr. Chen’s eyes were as dark as ink, without a trace of light. His gaze was exactly the same as that person’s.

Gu Yue.

Just as Jiang Chi was about to take a closer look, Mr. Chen had already looked away, leaving behind a vaguely familiar back.

He seemed to have seen this back before. However, in the next moment, Jiang Chi’s gaze moved to Gu Zhou.

Strange, why did Mr. Chen’s back look a little like Gu Zhou’s?

Jiang Chi narrowed his eyes and drank his red wine slowly.

Today’s stone gambling banquet seemed to be held for Mr. Chen alone. All the raw stones he liked were opened by his master.

Mr. Chen opened a total of ten untrimmed quarry stones. In the end, he finally obtained glass imperial jade.

The onlookers immediately applauded in celebration.

“Mr. Chen, you’re really amazing. You’re so discerning!”

“Mr. Chen can be said to be the emperor of stone gambling!”

“Mr. Chen has made a killing today!”

…

The flattery continued. Mr. Chen stood in the crowd, looking calm and composed.

This time, Boss Jin had opened more than ten raw materials that were about 500 million yuan, but he had not obtained a glass-type imperial jade; the most valuable was the purple jadeite. He had lost a lot this time.

As for the others, some had profited, while others had suffered losses.

After the stone gambling banquet ended, Lu Jiang handed a golden card inlaid with diamonds to Mr. Chen and said, “Congratulations to Mr. Chen for winning the stone gambling banquet.”

Everyone looked at the card, their eyes filled with envy.

Boss Jin had wanted to get an imperial jade to make a necklace for Jiang Yue, but after opening so many stones, there was no imperial jade.

His eyes narrowed slightly. He felt that Lu Jiang was too incompetent.

For a big boss in the stone gambling world like Mr. Chen, the imperial jade he obtained was only the size of a pinky. In other words, not many of the raw stones in the venue were imperial jade.

There were so few imperial jade raw materials, but Lu Jiang invited so many experts!

Of course, Boss Jin was very dissatisfied, but he did not dare to show it on his face.

Jiang Yue leaned into Boss Jin’s arms. Her gaze fell on the diamond and gold card in Mr. Chen’s hand, and she was in a daze.

When she lived in the Gu family in the past, there were many such cards.

But now, she was no longer fated with such cards.

At the thought of this, Jiang Yue’s heart surged with hatred. If it weren’t for Qiao Nian, how could she have fallen to such a state?

Mr. Chen held the card in his hand. This card was not only the diamond gold card of Lu Jiang Bank, but also the unlock card of the prize display cabinet.

He swiped the card on the display cabinet, and the door opened. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Carefully, he took out the imperial jade.

The moment the imperial jade came out of the display cabinet, everyone’s gaze fell on it. They held their breaths and stared unblinkingly at it.

Holding the imperial jade, Mr. Chen looked around, his gaze finally landing on Qiao Nian’s face.

Sensing Mr. Chen’s gaze, everyone turned to look at Qiao Nian, their eyes filled with confusion.

Qiao Nian was even more puzzled, not understanding what Mr. Chen was doing.

Mr. Chen strode towards Qiao Nian. He stopped in front of Qiao Nian and stared unblinkingly at her.

Qiao Nian looked at Mr. Chen in confusion. Logically speaking, shouldn’t Mr. Chen place the imperial jade in the safe and take it away?

Mr. Chen handed the imperial jade to Qiao Nian, his thin lips curving up slightly. “Since Mrs. Gu has already prepared a gift for me, I’ll return the favor. This jade is for you.”

Gu Zhou, who was standing beside Qiao Nian, frowned at Mr. Chen. Although he was unhappy that Mr. Chen had given his wife a gift in public, Mr. Chen had said “Mrs. Gu”. This proved that Mr. Chen respected him very much.

Even so, Gu Zhou was still unhappy.