1243 Pain

Qiao Nian smiled and shook her head. “I’m not injured. They’re the ones who’re injured. These few people aren’t my match!”

Gu Zhou heaved a sigh of relief. He looked at Jiang Yue with a sharp gaze and said sinisterly, “Jiang Yue, you should go to hell now!”

Gu Zhou’s gaze pierced Jiang Yue’s heart. Her eyes were red as she looked at Gu Zhou pitifully and asked, “Brother Ah Zhou, we…”

“You’re no longer a member of the Gu family. I certainly don’t have a sister like you!” Gu Zhou interrupted Jiang Yue mercilessly.

Jiang Yue’s body trembled slightly. She looked at Gu Zhou with red-rimmed eyes. She had never expected Gu Zhou to say such hurtful words.

Was his sibling relationship with her over ten years gone just like that?

“I just want to ask you something. All these years, have you never fallen for me? Even just a little?” Jiang Yue’s voice was filled with begging. She bit her lower lip nervously and stared unblinkingly into Gu Zhou’s eyes, waiting for his answer expectantly.

“How can humans fall for animals?”

Gu Zhou’s casual words were like a bolt from the blue, striking Jiang Yue.

Jiang Yue’s face turned red with embarrassment and anger, and she felt as if she had been struck by lightning.

Gu Zhou actually called her a beast!

Based on her understanding of Gu Zhou, when he didn’t like something, he would only keep his mouth shut, let alone say such ugly words.

For Gu Zhou to say such a thing, it meant that he was already very annoyed with her.

Jiang Yue’s heart ached slightly.

She had never expected that she would only be a beast in Gu Zhou’s heart for so many years.

She was clearly so outstanding. In the eyes of outsiders, she was a proud daughter of the heavens. Countless people liked her.

Gu Zhou retracted his gaze from Jiang Yue’s face and his gaze fell on Takeda, who was on the ground. When he was outside just now, he had seen Takeda preparing to shoot Qiao Nian.

At that time, he didn’t have time to aim at Takeda’s hand. He could only shoot Wu Tian in the shoulder.

However, another person hit Takeda’s hand. At that time, Takeda was in so much pain that he dropped his pistol.

Step by step, he walked up to Takeda and questioned in a low voice, “Are you preparing to shoot?”

That low and hoarse voice was like the voice of the Grim Reaper.

Takeda was so frightened that his entire body trembled. His heart jumped to his throat. Oh no, he was going to be unlucky this time.

What should he do? What should he do now?

Takeda looked around in a panic. Instinctively, he wanted to escape, but the pain in his shoulder forced him to move back step by step.

Gu Zhou walked up to Takeda. Seeing how disheveled he was, he picked up his pistol and fired a bullet into Wu Tian’s right palm without hesitation. In the end, he hit Takeda’s left palm, and then neatly hit both his feet!

The gunshots echoed in the living room, scaring the other bodyguards so much that they trembled. They were afraid that any sound would attract Gu Zhou’s attention.

Takeda’s miserable cries echoed throughout the living room. He was in so much pain that he was about to faint.

After Gu Zhou finished dealing with Takeda, he walked over to Qiao Nian and reached out to hold her hand, his eyes filled with a gentle smile.

Qiao Nian grabbed Gu Zhou’s hand. His hand was very cold and trembling.

Although he looked calm now, she knew in her heart that he was very worried about her. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Qiao Nian gave a gentle smile and said softly, “Don’t worry, I’ll be fine!”

Gu Zhou nodded slightly. His cold gaze fell on Jiang Yue’s face again and he asked, “I’ve already dealt with a dog. You can consider how you’ll die.”

Gu Zhou’s every word seemed to be spat out from between his teeth. It was sinister and terrifying.

Jiang Yue’s gaze fell on Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian’s interlocked hands. Her eyes were red as she said, “I just want to live well. You’d better not touch me. I’m no longer the Jiang Yue of the past!”