Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

1249 No Guts

“Liar, you’re a big liar. You clearly said that you wanted to marry me, but now you’ve gone back on your word. You even have some high-sounding reasons to brush me off.” Jiang Yue’s eyes were filled with hatred. If looks could kill, Boss Jin would have died a thousand times over. “You men are indeed not good people. You only want to take advantage of women, but you’re unwilling to take responsibility!”

Qiao Nian frowned and asked, “Aren’t you lying to Boss Jin about your feelings?”

When Boss Jin heard Qiao Nian’s words, he subconsciously looked at Jiang Yue. He still had feelings for Jiang Yue. After all, the two of them had been together for so long.

Jiang Yue was so angry that her head was spinning. Hearing Qiao Nian’s provocative words, she said without hesitation, “I lied to him because he’s easy to fool. Isn’t my body what he likes? I want to use his power. What did I do wrong? In the world of adults, isn’t it just an exchange of benefits? We just take what we need!”

Boss Jin was not a person who was afraid of trouble. He did not like unfilial people. If that unfilial person was Jiang Yue, his love for her would only decrease.

However, Jiang Yue’s words were like the last straw that broke the camel’s back. Boss Jin’s feelings for Jiang Yue disappeared.

He had been in the business world for many years, but there was actually a day when he was blinded by an eagle.

He had brought a sincere heart to Jiang Yue, but he did not expect Jiang Yue to trample on it mercilessly.

After scolding Qiao Nian, Jiang Yue was still angry. Looking at Boss Jin, who was standing silently at the side, her expression darkened. She scolded angrily, “Do you think I’ll like you? You look like a toad. Hehe, a man’s mouth is full of lies. You keep saying that you’ll always protect me. Now that you know that I’ve offended the Gu and Lu families, you’re afraid. You’re hiding behind the wall, you coward!”

The more Jiang Yue scolded, the angrier she became. Her face turned red with anger. “Every time I’m forced to sleep with you, I feel disgusted. Why don’t you look in the mirror and see what you look like? And that strange hobby of yours. You’re simply…”

Slap!

The crisp sound of the slap resounded throughout the room. Boss Jin looked at Jiang Yue with a ferocious expression, wishing he could kill her. “How dare you lie to me!”

Jiang Yue fell onto the sofa in a sorry state, blood flowing from the corner of her mouth. She looked at Boss Jin in disgust, her eyes wide with anger. “How dare you hit me? Who do you think you are? So what if I lied to you? What did you do for me? Stupid coward. You’re so cowardly that you don’t dare to do anything. You’re useless at critical moments! What’s the use of having someone like you!”

Boss Jin originally still had feelings for Jiang Yue, but Jiang Yue’s words were really too unpleasant, wearing down the last bit of his feelings for her.

Qiao Nian noticed the killing intent in Boss Jin’s eyes. She looked at Jiang Yue, who was in a sorry state, and knew in her heart that Jiang Yue wouldn’t live past today.

Since someone was willing to take the initiative to deal with Jiang Yue, she couldn’t be bothered to do so. After all, she didn’t want to get her hands dirty.

Qiao Nian looked at Boss Jin and raised her eyebrows slightly. “Boss Jin, I’ll leave Jiang Yue to you.”

Boss Jin nodded.

Gu Zhou walked over to Qiao Nian and reached out his long arm. Naturally, he wrapped his arm around Qiao Nian’s shoulder. His gaze fell on Boss Jin’s face and he said, “Originally, cleaning up the trash around my wife was what I wanted to do. However, she’s someone close to you. You didn’t investigate thoroughly and tacitly agreed that she had hurt my wife. Boss Jin, how do we settle this?”

Boss Jin was usually very rash and rarely lowered his head to apologize. But this time, because he had done something wrong, he had no choice but to lower his head and apologize. “Second Young Master Gu, I was blind this time. I’ve let you down. I owe you a favor. I hope you can forgive me!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Qiao Nian glanced at Takeda, who was lying on the ground. She pursed her lips and said, “If Ah Zhou and a mysterious person hadn’t saved me, I might have died!”

Boss Jin immediately broke out in a cold sweat. He nodded and said, “Yes, yes, yes. It was too close.”

Gu Zhou frowned slightly and glanced around. He did not know who the person who had hit the back of Takeda’s hand was, but there was no one else around.