Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

1258 Sleeping Together

Seeing Xiao Bao like this, Mr. Chen’s heart ached slightly. He hurriedly hugged Xiao Bao.

This child was really stubborn!

He could feel Xiao Bao’s small body trembling in his arms. He gently patted Xiao Bao’s back and comforted him in a low voice. “Xiao Bao, my tone wasn’t good just now. Don’t cry. Actually, no matter what you call me, I’ll always dote on you the most!”

“Yes, I know Daddy dotes on me the most.” Xiao Bao responded to Mr. Chen’s words well. He wiped his tears and swiftly took off his shoes and crawled into Mr. Chen’s arms. He smiled and said, “Daddy, I’m sleepy. It’s getting dark. Let’s sleep together!”

Seeing Xiao Bao like this, Mr. Chen let out a long sigh. Smiling, he carried Xiao Bao out of the study and into the bedroom at the side.

!!

…

Gu Zhou followed Qiao Nian to prepare dinner. He had always felt that his left ear was a little hot.

Qiao Nian sat opposite Gu Zhou. Seeing that Gu Zhou was pinching his left ear with his left hand, she asked in confusion, “What’s wrong with your ear?”

“It feels a little hot. I don’t know if it’s my imagination.” As Gu Zhou spoke, he let go.

Qiao Nian leaned forward slightly. Seeing that the tips of Gu Zhou’s ears were red, she couldn’t help but laugh. “Someone must be thinking about you!”

As she spoke, Qiao Nian raised her hand and called the attendant over. “Please help me get an ice pack. Thank you.”

After the attendant left, Gu Zhou smiled at Qiao Nian and said, “Aren’t you thinking about me?”

“You wish.” Qiao Nian continued eating.

Before long, the attendant brought the ice bag over. Gu Zhou held it to his ear to cool himself down.

After the two of them finished dinner, Gu Zhou’s ear no longer turned red. The two of them returned to their room.

The moment they entered the room, Gu Zhou picked Qiao Nian up in his arms and asked curiously, “Nian’er, I’ve been working very hard recently. Why isn’t there any movement in your stomach?”

Hearing Gu Zhou’s words, Qiao Nian struggled to get out of his arms. Gu Zhou placed her on the sofa. Qiao Nian pursed her lips and said, “You still want children? We have three children now. Isn’t that enough?”

Gu Zhou shook his head, his eyes deep. “It’s not enough!”

Qiao Nian pouted and said unhappily, “You’re really…”

She was interrupted by a knock on the door.

Gu Zhou frowned imperceptibly and said, “Come in!”

Chen Qing pushed the door open and walked in. Just as he was about to tell Second Young Master about his investigation results, he saw Second Young Master looking displeased.

Chen Qing pursed his lips. He was still wondering if there was any hope for this year’s year-end bonus.

Gu Zhou had been sitting on the sofa. Seeing Chen Qing standing there silently with his head lowered, he asked, “What is it?”

Chen Qing came back to his senses and hurriedly said respectfully, “Second Young Master, you asked me to investigate the steel bullet previously. I’ve already found something. It’s said that this steel bullet belongs to Mr. Chen.”

Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian exchanged a look.

Qiao Nian really hadn’t expected Mr. Chen to save her. However, from another perspective, that made sense.

In MY, there were only a few people who could help her.

Gu Zhou frowned slightly. After some thought, he said disapprovingly, “It’s not him.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Huh?” Qiao Nian looked at Gu Zhou in confusion.

Gu Zhou’s gaze fell on Qiao Nian’s face. He said calmly, “Do you still remember the first time you came to MY? That night, when I came to look for you, someone died.”

Qiao Nian nodded and said, “It was a small model. I remember that small model was someone close to Boss Jin. Boss Jin left after that.”

“According to his current personality, he will never let Takeda live. This bullet hit the back of Takeda’s hand, which means that the person who fired the shot just didn’t want Takeda to hurt you,” Gu Zhou said with a serious expression.

As Qiao Nian listened to Gu Zhou’s words, she remembered that the young model had said a few unpleasant words to Mr. Chen. She naturally died that night. Even when the police arrived, they only suspected that the young model had alcohol poisoning.