Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

1260 Rejected

Mr. Chen kept coaxing Xiao Bao. Xiao Bao was too tired in the afternoon. After sleeping for an hour, he got up.

After Xiao Bao woke up, Butler Zhao brought him to the cafeteria for dinner.

“Uncle Zhao.” Xiao Bao let Butler Zhao hold his hand and looked up curiously. “Where did Daddy go?”

“Sir said that he has something on at the company and will be back later,” Butler Zhao said. He had said this many times.

Xiao Bao followed Butler Zhao to the cafeteria. He sat on a dining chair and looked at the food in front of him. He looked up at Butler Zhao and seemed to have thought of something. He asked, “Uncle Zhao, did Daddy say what time he would be back?”

“Sir didn’t say when he would be back.” Butler Zhao smiled at Xiao Bao and continued, “Little Master, hurry up and eat. You still have to do your homework after dinner.”

Xiao Bao nodded obediently and lowered his head to eat seriously.

The homework was specially left behind by the tutor. He finished it in half an hour, so he took out his phone and logged into a game.

As soon as he entered the game, he saw that the first place in the national server was on it. His pupils instantly dilated, and he happily applied to add the person as a friend.

Xiao Bao sat cross-legged on the bed in the bedroom and placed his phone on the pillow. He looked at the phone screen nervously, waiting expectantly.

Time passed bit by bit, but there was no reaction from the other party.

Xiao Bao was still looking at his cell phone. Suddenly, a red dot appeared on his game notification bar. This meant that there was news.

Xiao Bao heaved a sigh of relief. It seemed that his brother had already agreed to add him as a friend.

Xiao Bao opened the message bar expectantly, but when he saw the contents, he was stunned. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

—I’m sorry, the other party rejected your request to make friends!

Xiao Bao immediately frowned and pouted angrily.

His brother had gone too far!

He actually didn’t agree to his friend request!

The light in Xiao Bao’s eyes gradually dimmed. He looked at the phone screen and hesitated for a moment before continuing to send a friend request.

This time, he wrote the verification message seriously.

[Brother, I want to play games with you!]

This time, Xiao Bao quickly received a message. It was still from Gu Qi rejecting his friend request.

He had to add his brother as a friend!

Xiao Bao’s eyes burned with fire. He sent another friend request.

No matter how the other party rejected him, Xiao Bao still sent his friend request!

An City.

Gu Qi and Xiao Shi were forming a team to play games. When he saw the friend request, his handsome face frowned, and he exuded an unapproachable aura.

Seeing that Gu Qi had not clicked “start the game”, Xiao Shi looked at him curiously. She noticed that Gu Qi seemed to be unhappy and asked curiously, “Brother, are you unhappy? Did something happen?”

Gu Qi handed his phone to Xiao Shi and said, “This person keeps adding me as a friend in the game. I’ve rejected him ten times, but he keeps adding me as a friend.”

“Ten times? He’s really persistent!”

Gu Qi nodded. He hadn’t expected the other party to add him so many times.

“His game name is ‘Xiao Bao’. He doesn’t look like a bad person.” Xiao Shi’s heart softened. After all, the other party was really too brave. She actually added him ten times. “Brother, why don’t you agree to be his friend?”

Gu Qi’s frown deepened. He shook his head and said, “I can’t agree.”

Xiao Shi looked at Gu Qi in confusion.

Gu Qi looked at Xiao Shi, his handsome face filled with seriousness. He said, “Sister, many people who play games are adults and many liars. We can’t add them casually. What if we’re deceived?”

At this point, Gu Qi paused for a moment and continued, “It’s fine if they’re just scamming money. What if we’re kidnapped?”

Xiao Shi blinked her beautiful eyes innocently. She recalled that her mommy had been kidnapped when she was three years old.