Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

1261 Blocked

Xiao Shi lowered her gaze slightly. She had always lived with Song Man in the past. At that time, she was too innocent. She had never thought that Song Man might not be her biological mother. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Her brother was right. There were too many bad people outside. They had to be careful.

Moreover, Mommy had been deceived by bad people back then. It took her twenty years to find her family.

Xiao Shi looked up at Gu Qi and said with a smile, “Brother, you’re right. Then let’s ignore that person. Daddy and Mommy aren’t at home. We’re the only ones at home. We have to protect ourselves. That way, Daddy and Mommy won’t have to worry about us anymore and can focus on finding our younger sister.”

Gu Qi silently corrected her by saying “younger brother” in his heart. However, he was a good brother and would not quarrel with his sister.

Gu Qi looked at Xiao Shi and said gently, “Then let’s play another round and read. Mommy said that studying is very important.”

Xiao Shi nodded seriously and smiled as she played games with Gu Qi.

MY.

Xiao Bao looked at his phone screen sadly. He had added his brother more than ten times, but his brother had not agreed. He did not believe that his brother would continue to reject him..

With this thought in mind, Xiao Bao sent a friend request again, but there was a system notification.

—I’m sorry, the other party has already added you to the blacklist. Your request can’t be sent.

Xiao Bao looked at the contents of his cell phone sadly and fell onto the bed dispiritedly.

Her brother was so bad!

His brother had actually blacklisted him!

Xiao Bao was so aggrieved that tears were about to fall. He sniffled and tried hard to remain calm. Then, he began to search for Xiao Shi’s ID again.

Since his brother was unwilling to add him as a friend, he would add his sister.

She had heard from her father that her sister was gentle and adorable.

Such a gentle sister would definitely agree to add him as a friend.

After Xiao Bao sent the request, he waited patiently. After ten minutes, there was a small red dot on the notification column. He opened it and felt terrible.

Why?

Xiao Bao lay on the bed, tossing and turning in frustration. Why weren’t his brother and sister willing to add him as a friend?

In the next moment, Xiao Bao suddenly thought of something. Perhaps his sister had accidentally slipped.

With this thought in mind, he immediately got up and continued to add his sister as a friend. In the end, he realized that he had been blacklisted by his sister again.

Xiao Bao threw his phone to the end of the bed aggrievedly and hugged a pillow to sleep.

At the Gu family villa.

After Xiao Shi added that person to the blacklist, she turned to look at Gu Qi and said seriously, “Brother, this person can’t add you. Now, he’s adding me. Is he doing it on purpose?”

Gu Qi’s eyes flashed. With a complicated expression, he said, “I think he did it on purpose. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have persevered in adding us as friends. He might have wanted to kidnap us!”

Xiao Shi immediately became nervous and said in a low voice, “Mommy should have been deceived back then. We can’t be deceived by bad people. I want to be with Daddy and Mommy forever.”

“Yes, let’s eliminate the possibility of being kidnapped.” Gu Qi nodded in agreement. He stood up and held Xiao Shi’s hand as they walked upstairs. “Let’s go to the study to do our homework and read now!”

Xiao Shi nodded obediently and followed Gu Qi for a few steps. Suddenly, she felt an emptiness in her chest and was startled.

Seeing Xiao Shi standing rooted to the ground in a daze, Gu Qi looked at her worriedly. He reached out and touched her forehead.

Xiao Shi suddenly came back to her senses. Sensing Gu Qi’s actions, she smiled and said, “Brother, I’m fine. I don’t have a fever.”

“You don’t look well. Are you feeling unwell?” Gu Qi was still worried about Xiao Shi.

Xiao Shi frowned and hesitated for a moment before saying, “I keep feeling that my chest is empty. Is it because I haven’t seen Daddy and Mommy in a long time?”

In the past, when Xiao Shi was with Song Man, she saw her every day. This was the first time she had not seen her mommy and daddy for a long time.

Before Gu Qi could speak, his phone suddenly rang.

Gu Qi took out his phone from his pocket and looked at the caller ID. He handed the phone to Xiao Shi and said, “Look!”

Xiao Shi looked at the phone screen curiously. When she saw that the caller ID was a photo of Qiao Nian, her eyes lit up. Everything around her seemed to pale in comparison. She said happily, “It’s Mommy!”