Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

1262 Be good.

Seeing how happy Xiao Shi was, Gu Qi handed the phone to her and said, “Sister, pick it up!”

Xiao Shi took the cell phone and nodded vigorously. She hurriedly picked up the call.

As soon as the call went through, Qiao Nian’s beautiful face appeared on the phone screen.

Xiao Shi gripped her cell phone tightly and looked at Qiao Nian’s face on the screen. She called out sweetly, “Mommy!!!”

After Xiao Shi finished calling out, she stood beside Gu Qi and let him appear on screen.

Gu Qi looked at Qiao Nian and called out, “Mommy!”

“Xiao Shi, Xiao Qi.” When Qiao Nian smiled, her eyes had already curved into crescents.

Xiao Shi was wearing a white sweater and had her hair tied up in two buns. She had a cute aura.

Gu Qi was also wearing a white sweater. His face was expressionless, but she could still see the smile in his eyes.

Qiao Nian looked at the two children gently. Her tone also became gentler. Smiling, she asked, “It’s time for dinner. Have you eaten?”

Xiao Shi smiled and nodded. Her face was filled with a happy smile as she said, “I’ve eaten dinner. I had egg soup tonight. There was fish-flavored shredded pork. It’s especially delicious!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Yes, Xiao Shi is so obedient. Eat more. Xiao Shi can grow taller and grow up!” Qiao Nian looked at Xiao Shi, her eyes filled with laughter. She looked at Gu Qi. “Did Xiao Qi eat obediently today?”

Qiao Nian knew that Gu Qi usually didn’t speak much, so she always hoped that he would say more.

Gu Qi nodded and said, “Yes, I ate as much as Sister.”

“Mommy misses you so much. Do you miss Mommy?” Qiao Nian asked with a smile.

“Yes!” When Xiao Shi said this, the smile in her eyes lessened a little, but she knew that Daddy and Mommy were going to look for their sister. They would probably not be back for a long time. Although she hoped that Daddy and Mommy could return early, she also hoped that they would find their sister soon.

Gu Qi stood at the side and nodded.

“How obedient. Mommy saw beautiful clothes on the streets today and bought one set for each of you,” Qiao Nian said with a smile.

The smile on Xiao Shi’s face grew even brighter. She said happily, “Thank you, Mommy. Brother and I played a game today and read a book. Yesterday, we even followed Great-grandmother to the temple to pray for blessings. Great-grandmother prayed for peace for Brother and me. She even prayed for peace for you and Daddy. She said that she would give a safety talisman to you when you returned!”

After Xiao Shi finished speaking, she held her phone in one hand and pulled Gu Qi towards the study with the other. When they reached the study, she pushed the door open and walked in, saying obediently, “Mommy, yesterday, the family doctor even helped me with my physical examination. He even said that my health is very good. The family doctor also said that Brother’s health is very good!”

Xiao Shi sat on the small sofa in the study and looked at Qiao Nian on her phone. She told Qiao Nian everything that had happened in the past two days in detail before stopping.

Qiao Nian sat by the sofa and looked at Xiao Shi’s obedient and soft expression on the phone. Her eyes were filled with smiles. She yearned to fly home now. That way, she could hug Xiao Shi and Gu Qi in her arms. “Xiao Shi and Xiao Qi, guess when Daddy and Mommy will be home?”

Xiao Shi asked, “Mommy, have you found our sister?”

When Qiao Nian heard that both children were concerned about the third child, a trace of loneliness flashed in her eyes. She said softly, “Not yet, but because of other things, we plan to go home tomorrow. Are you happy?”

Xiao Shi’s eyes lit up, but after some hesitation, she asked, “Mommy, aren’t you going to continue searching?”

Although Gu Qi didn’t speak, he looked at Qiao Nian worriedly.

“We will continue searching, but we still have to spend time with you. When we get back, we’ll go to the amusement park with you. Are you happy?” Qiao Nian looked at Xiao Shi and Gu Qi with heartache. These two children were really too sensible. They were so sensible that her heart ached.

“Yes.” Xiao Shi almost jumped up in joy.

There was a faint smile in Gu Qi’s eyes.

The smile on Qiao Nian’s face grew more and more obvious. She asked gently, “Do you want to speak to Daddy?”

As Qiao Nian spoke, she looked at Gu Zhou, who had just walked in.