Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

1265 Too Noob

Qiao Nian’s frown deepened. For the sake of her child’s safety, she felt that it was necessary to investigate this ID thoroughly. She opened the previous records of this ID.

If this ID had never played games before, it meant that someone had deliberately used this ID to abduct her child!

Qiao Nian was stunned when she opened it.

This ID was still hardworking. He had played fifty to sixty games in the past, but basically all of them had ended in failure.

Not only that, but this player had also tried different heroes. However, no matter which hero it was, his record was zero kills, and he had died more than ten times.

Qiao Nian frowned. This person was too lousy! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

If she remembered correctly, Eldest Senior Brother was very good at investigating IDs.

Hence, Qiao Nian used her hacker code to send Eldest Senior Brother a message.

…

Xiao Bao sat cross-legged on the bed, leaning to the left. With his left hand, he instructed the game figurine to run to the left.

“You have been slain!”

The voice of Xiao Bao being killed came through the phone.

With a bitter expression, Xiao Bao placed his phone in front of him and stared unblinkingly at his teammates’ protective crystal. Under his gaze, the crystal exploded.

“Defeat.”

Seeing that he had lost the game again, Xiao Bao casually threw the phone to the end of the bed. He frowned and said with a bitter expression, “Seriously, I’ve lost again. What kind of game is this? It’s too difficult. I don’t even know how to play it!”

Chang Feng picked up his phone and glanced at Xiao Bao’s “0-15-0” record. The first number was the number of times he had killed the other party. The second number was the number of times he had died. The third number was the number of times he had helped his teammates kill the enemy.

Xiao Bao’s results were truly tragic.

He looked at Xiao Bao and said calmly, “Why don’t I uninstall this game!”

As he spoke, Chang Feng had already exited the game and was preparing to uninstall the software.

Xiao Bao immediately stood up from the bed and hurriedly snatched the phone into his arms. He said anxiously, “Uncle Feng, don’t uninstall it. I suspect that I’m not familiar with this game yet. When I’m familiar with it, I’ll definitely be very powerful. Then, I’ll be able to play with Brother and Sister!”

If he didn’t know that his brother and sister liked to play this game, he wouldn’t have worked hard to practice playing it. This game wasn’t as simple as a shooting game!

In the blink of an eye, half an hour had passed.

Xiao Bao had pitifully lost again. Ever since he played this game, he had never won.

Xiao Bao lowered his head and looked at his cell phone. He said dejectedly, “Uncle Feng, is Xiao Bao especially stupid? Is that why he can’t play well?”

Chang Feng sat down beside Xiao Bao and comforted him softly. “Xiao Bao, this game is meant for adults to play. It’s normal for children to not play it well.”

When Xiao Bao heard Chang Feng’s words, he looked up at him, his eyes filled with confusion. “Then why did Brother play so well?”

Chang Feng looked at Xiao Bao in confusion.

“Brother is first in the national server, first!” Xiao Bao pointed a finger and said seriously, “There are hundreds of millions of people playing this game. There are both children and adults. Brother is first!”

Chang Feng did not know what to say to Xiao Bao’s question.

“Brother played well, and Sister played well too.” Xiao Bao lowered his head in disappointment and said sadly, “We’re triplets. Logically speaking, the three of us should be about the same, but now that I’m the worst at games, doesn’t that mean that I’m the stupidest?”

“Stupid?”

Xiao Bao nodded seriously. “Second Daddy and Mommy must have passed all their intelligence to my brother and sister, leaving me being the stupidest.”

Chang Feng raised his hand and flicked Xiao Bao’s forehead. With a serious expression, he said, “You let your imagination run wild all day. You’ve just learned how to shoot, but you can already hit the sixth ring. Most people learn to shoot at your age, and not many can hit a target. Moreover, you’re so good at darts, yet you still say that you’re stupid. If you’re really stupid, how can you learn these things?”

When Xiao Bao heard Chang Feng’s words, his eyes lit up. “Really?”

“Of course it’s true.” Chang Feng looked at Xiao Bao gently and said, “If you want to study hard, you’ll definitely be able to learn well.”