1288 Ghost

Without waiting for that person to react, Gu Zhou stepped forward nimbly and snatched the gun from that person’s waist. Without hesitation, he hit that person’s right leg.

Bang!

The deafening gunshot frightened the people downstairs so much that they did not dare to step forward.

“Ah! It hurts!”

The man covered his leg and rolled on the ground in pain. In a moment of carelessness, he rolled down the stairs and onto the landing in the middle of the first or second floor.

The dozen or so clueless people on the first floor who were holding guns were so frightened that they didn’t dare to move when they saw their companion fall to the stairs and turn to the landing.

Previously, they had been chasing after Gu Zhou and the others, but when they followed Gu Zhou and the others into the screening room, they were first drenched in water, then electrocuted. Fortunately, the electricity was not high. Otherwise, they would have been electrocuted to death long ago!

It took them a long time to come out of the screening room. The residual electricity in their bodies made them tremble from time to time, and their legs refused to listen to them. They went limp after taking a few steps.

When they caught up to the Shadow Tower, they thought to themselves that they couldn’t rush up like a swarm of bees. What if they were to be wiped out all at once? They didn’t know what dangers were in the Shadow Tower.

Hence, the leader asked someone to go up and take a look first. In the end, the moment the scout went upstairs, he began to shout. Then, gunshots rang out. Right on the heels of that, they saw their man being kicked down the stairs by Gu Zhou!

“Leader, Gu Zhou is too ruthless. Xiao Wu seems to have fainted. I wonder what kind of ambush Gu Zhou has set up!” A short man walked up to the leader and said in a low voice. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The leader frowned. Xiao Wu hadn’t even called for help just now. It had taken less than five seconds for Xiao Wu to fall down the stairs.

What exactly had Gu Zhou done?

“The two of you, go up and take a look!” The leader pointed at the two people standing behind him and said sternly, “You have to explain the situation upstairs clearly. Do you understand?”

This mission could only be successful. The leader, Kan Shan, gripped his pistol tightly. If he failed, Old Master Cui would probably not let him off.

With this thought in mind, Kan Shan swore to himself that he would capture Gu Zhou’s family of three and send them all to Old Master Cui. That way, Old Master Cui would put him in an important position and he would become Old Master Cui’s capable assistant.

Kan Shan’s thoughts were beautiful, but when he came back to his senses, he realized that the two people he had called out were still refusing to go up. He frowned and threatened coldly, “Go, if you don’t, I’ll beat you to death!”

When the two of them heard this, their faces immediately turned pale in fear. They had no choice but to walk up.

Gu Zhou had been guarding the corner of the second floor. Seeing that the two people were about to come up, he silently placed the transparent glass bead flat on the stairs of the second floor.

These glass beads were also small props for the Shadow Tower.

The two of them had just walked upstairs and hadn’t seen anything clearly when the person on the left slipped. He subconsciously pulled the person on the right, and the two of them fell back.

Gu Zhou hid in a corner and took the opportunity to shoot the two of them in the leg!

Just like that, the two of them fell to the corner of the stairs on the first and second floors. This time, the two of them fell directly on the first person. The first person cried out in pain and fainted.

The two of them dragged the first person down with a limp and said shakily, “Ghost, there’s a ghost. A ghost is helping Gu Zhou!”

A ghost?

The people of MY believed in ghosts and gods the most. When the others heard about ghosts, they subconsciously wanted to escape. However, when they noticed Kan Shan’s cold gaze, they immediately stood rooted to the ground in fear.

Kan Shan glanced at the people with mixed feelings and said angrily, “Ghost? Where did a ghost come from? I, Kan Shan, have never seen a ghost. Have you?”

The two people who had just gone up glanced at Kan Shan weakly, then exchanged glances, pretending not to know anything.