Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

1289 He has been shot!

“Those who are injured, rest here. The rest of you, follow me!” Kan Shan roared and stepped onto the steps. Seeing that the people behind him did not dare to go up and pointed their guns at them, they followed.

Gu Zhou had been leading them on the second floor. When he sensed those people rushing up, he walked straight to the other end of the corridor. When he was about to reach the other corridor, he deliberately opened the door and slammed it shut. Then, he walked downstairs lightly.

When Kan Shan rushed to the second floor with his men, he heard the door close not far away. He hurriedly shone his flashlight over and vaguely saw a door about to close.

Kan Shan shouted, “Come with me. They’re in the room now!”

Gu Zhou swiftly walked to the first floor and saw a few people standing on the other side of the corridor. While they were not paying attention, he ran straight to the theater next door.

Gu Zhou walked to the entrance of the theater and saw a mercenary standing there with a gun.

Gu Zhou was wearing a black suit today. He blended in with the darkness. While the mercenary wasn’t paying attention, he smashed a pistol into the back of the mercenary’s head, knocking him out.

Gu Zhou listened to the sound of the door opening and closing on the second floor beside him. Swiftly, he plundered the guns and bullets from the mercenaries. He returned to the film studio and saw that those people were about to walk up the stairs on his side. Silently, he walked over, stood behind their group, and fired!

Bang! Bang! Bang!

In the darkness, the gunshots were exceptionally loud. Before the mercenaries could react, they fell to the ground in screams.

After Gu Zhou finished shooting once, he swiftly picked up another gun and fired without hesitation.

He didn’t hit those people in their vitals. Most of the shots hit their legs and hands. As long as those people couldn’t chase after him or hold guns, they were just like trash!

Kan Shan walked at the front. Hearing the gunshots, he turned around and saw Gu Zhou standing there, firing at them. He immediately squatted down and used his companion as a shield.

Gu Zhou caught the group of people off guard. He immediately hid at the side again and began to reload.

Seeing that most of his men had fallen, Kan Shan was so angry that his eyes turned red. He cursed loudly, “Trash! What a bunch of trash!”

Seeing that there were still three uninjured people, Kan Shan led the three of them towards Gu Zhou.

Gu Zhou hid in a room. When he heard footsteps approaching, he suddenly fired his gun and hid in the room again.

Kan Shan gave the three of them a look, signaling for them to be meat shields. The four of them approached Gu Zhou.

Previously, Gu Zhou had been able to defeat so many people smoothly because those mercenaries had been electrocuted by Qiao Nian from the beginning. Their bodily functions had yet to recover completely. They had scattered upstairs, giving him a good opportunity to attack.

Later on, Gu Zhou rushed back to the cinema and circled around, catching those people off guard. That was why they were injured.

Gu Zhou used the door as a cover and arrived at the stairs in the corner. If he left through this staircase, there would be no cover around him. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

He couldn’t go upstairs. Worried that those people would find Qiao Nian and Xiao Bao, he could only bring them downstairs.

Seeing that Gu Zhou had stopped firing, Kan Shan thought that he was out of bullets. A trace of coldness flashed in his eyes as he said sternly, “Gu Zhou, know your place. Take your family and surrender. Otherwise, don’t blame me for being impolite!”

Gu Zhou leaned against the wall by the stairs. He still had three magazines of bullets in his hand. If he finished them, he would really run out of bullets.

He replaced the clip and was about to speak when something bloody and sweet surged out of his mouth. He raised his hand to wipe it away and realized that he was vomiting blood.

Gu Zhou frowned and looked down. His abdomen was wet. He pressed his hand to his abdomen, and blood gushed out, falling to the ground drop by drop.

Bright blood dripped onto the white tiles and looked like charming flowers which were blooming.

He had been shot!