Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

1290 Fear

Gu Zhou’s eyes turned cold. There was still demonic blood at the corner of his mouth on his pale face, like an elegant and noble vampire.

He walked calmly to the middle of the corridor and saw that the four people on the other side were stunned. Without waiting for the other party to shoot, he hit them in the hands and legs without hesitation. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Kan Shan knelt on the ground in a sorry state. His hands and legs were covered in blood, and he was frowning.

Previously, Old Master Cui had told him that Mr. Chen would show mercy to Gu Zhou every time, but he still patted his chest and promised that he would definitely catch Gu Zhou.

But now, it seemed that Kan Shan felt that he was wrong. Gu Zhou was not an incompetent person. Gu Zhou was like the King of Hell.

Previously, Gu Zhou had shown mercy, but he had only beaten them until they could not move. If Gu Zhou had not shown mercy, the people he had brought would probably have been completely wiped out.

Kan Shan looked at Gu Zhou and shivered in fear.

Previously, in order to capture Gu Zhou, Old Master Cui had specially gotten someone to prepare a stone gambling night. He had even used that fantasy-colored necklace to attract Matriarch Gu here so that he could take the opportunity to kill Matriarch Gu and Gu Zhou.

At that time, they had asked Mr. Chen to be the organizer of the stone gambling night. He would interact with everyone at the banquet.

However, no one expected Gu Zhou not to come that day.

At that time, Old Master Cui was very disappointed and had no choice but to cancel the assassination plan. However, to Old Master Cui’s surprise, his men later discovered that Gu Zhou had arrived.

Gu Zhou did not take a plane directly from An City to MY. Gu Zhou secretly entered MY territory by helicopter.

When Old Master Cui found out about this, he was so happy that he couldn’t close his mouth. He gathered most of his troops to deal with Gu Zhou.

However, no one had expected that when he was about to kill Gu Zhou that night, a man wearing a ghost mask suddenly appeared. That man forced him back, and Gu Zhou took the opportunity to escape.

Kan Shan’s eyes darkened. That day, he could not defeat the ghost masked man and could only escape. However, he remembered very clearly that the ghost masked man looked very much like Chang Feng that night. He had also told Old Master Cui about this.

However, Old Master Cui had specially gotten someone to investigate and realized that neither Mr. Chen nor Mr. Chang Feng had left MY Hotel that night.

In other words, they were not the ones who had saved Gu Zhou that night.

Old Master Cui began to suspect that Mr. Chen and Chang Feng had ulterior motives.

A few days ago, at the stone gambling banquet, Old Master Cui’s men realized that Mr. Chen had been looking at Gu Zhou. After Old Master Cui found out about this, he wanted to find out what Mr. Chen wanted to do.

Therefore, Old Master Cui had asked them to show mercy to Gu Zhou this time. He wanted to see if Mr. Chen and Chang Feng would appear.

If Mr. Chen and Chang Feng did not appear this time, it would be fine. Old Master Cui wanted them to bring Gu Zhou’s family of three over. When the time came, he would let Mr. Chen kill them himself. That way, Old Master Cui would be certain that Mr. Chen had nothing to do with Gu Zhou.

He had not expected Gu Zhou to kill so many people around him alone. What made Kan Shan feel the most uncomfortable was that they were like silly people who had been tricked into entering the theater. In the end, they had been electrocuted.

If they hadn’t been electrocuted, their mobility would definitely have been better than now!

Kan Shan looked at Gu Zhou with a dark expression. Gu Zhou was unwilling to kill anyone. That was Gu Zhou’s greatest weakness. Ignoring the pain on the back of his hand, he picked up the whistle hanging around his neck.

This was a gathering whistle. As long as it was blown, the mercenaries within a hundred meters would rush over. At that time, Gu Zhou would definitely die. Even if Gu Zhou died, there was still that woman and child. The two of them were enough to be hostages.

With this thought in mind, Kan Shan blew the whistle in his hand!

Gu Zhou had wanted to shoot the whistle near Kan Shan’s mouth, but when he fired, he realized that there were no more bullets in the gun!

Gu Zhou stood in the corridor and looked out. In the darkness, black shadows were running towards him.

Kan Shan looked at Gu Zhou and shouted, “Kill Gu Zhou. Capture the woman and child alive!”

The smiling faces of Qiao Nian and the three children appeared in Gu Zhou’s mind. A sinister smile appeared on his lips. It seemed that his fate with them was coming to an end.

He believed that Chen Qing should be arriving soon. He just had to stall for some time!

Gu Zhou picked up the gun in his hand and prepared to go downstairs to fight to the death with those people.