Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

1303 Have You Seen It Too?

Chang Feng continued, “Dao Wen isn’t young anymore. He’s been fighting and killing for so many years. Our phones are usually monitored. It’s definitely not convenient for him to send a message to his girlfriend. He probably got a new cell phone.”

With that, Chang Feng seemed to have thought of something. “I see him sending messages from time to time…”

Ba Song’s pupils dilated uncontrollably. He was shocked. He grabbed Chang Feng’s hand and asked in a low voice, “Brother Feng, have you seen it before too?”

Chang Feng nodded and said, “Yes, a few times, but I didn’t take it to heart. It’s normal for young couples to send messages often.”

Zhao Song’s expression was serious. He said in a Ba voice, “Brother Feng, we have to be careful this time. Don’t be harmed by this kid!”

Chang Feng put on a calm expression and said, “Don’t worry, it’ll be fine. Let’s hurry up and carry out the mission. The three of us are a small group. We have to trust each other!”

The moment Chang Feng turned around, a smile appeared on his lips. Since the seed of suspicion had already been planted, he would slowly sow it and make it germinate!

Chang Feng sat in the back seat, and Ba Song sat in the back seat with him. He was not completely at ease with Dao Wen and kept staring at him.

Chang Feng handed the masks to them and said seriously, “Our target this time is Gu Zhou. As long as we kill Gu Zhou, we’ll retreat quickly. We’ll try not to cause a commotion, let alone cause other trouble. Otherwise, Mr. Cui will be unhappy.”

The other two nodded.

The three of them each had their own ulterior motives.

Dao Wen stepped on the accelerator and drove straight to the hospital, his eyes flickering with a bloodthirsty smile.

In the hospital.

Qiao Nian stayed by Gu Zhou’s side. Seeing Gu Zhou’s face gradually turn red, she reached out to take his pulse. When it was over, she heaved a sigh of relief.

Chen Qing looked at Qiao Nian nervously and asked, “How’s Second Young Master?” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“He’s fine, but he’ll wake up in a while. Go buy some porridge back. When he wakes up, he can eat.” Qiao Nian looked up at Chen Qing and instructed softly.

“Okay.”

Chen Qing stood up and left, leaving Qiao Nian and Gu Zhou alone in the ward.

She gripped Gu Zhou’s hand tightly. At the thought that the imposter who had just entered wanted to kill Gu Zhou, she was still so frightened that her back was covered in cold sweat.

Now, many people were staring at Gu Zhou, all wanting him to die. How could she protect him?

When she was hiding in the room, Qiao Nian had never been afraid. She knew very well that Gu Zhou would definitely protect them.

She looked down at Gu Zhou, who was lying on the bed. His eyebrows were raised, and his nose bridge was high. Further down, his sexy thin lips were tightly shut. His face was like the most perfect masterpiece of God.

Qiao Nian retracted her hand from Gu Zhou’s face and stood up, walking towards the coffee table not far away.

However, she had just taken a step when her hand was grabbed.

Qiao Nian stopped in her tracks. When she turned around, she met Gu Zhou’s deep eyes. The smile on her face grew wider and wider. She sat back down on the stool beside the bed and asked with a smile, “You’re awake. Are you feeling unwell?”

Gu Zhou gripped Qiao Nian’s hand tightly and stared unblinkingly at her. He recalled how Kan Shan had blown the whistle and asked someone to kill him.

At that time, he only had one thought. He couldn’t grow old with Qiao Nian. He could only leave her alone.

Gu Zhou’s eyes gradually softened. Looking at her slightly haggard face, his thin lips parted slightly. “Why are you so haggard?”

Qiao Nian’s heart trembled violently, and her eyes felt a little hot. She tried hard to remain calm. Smiling at Gu Zhou, she said, “I’m fine. I’m fine. How do you feel?”

Gu Zhou nodded, indicating that he was fine. He held Qiao Nian’s hand tightly and said sadly, “I’m sorry.”

“What’s wrong?”

“I’ve made you worry.” Gu Zhou’s thumb gently rubbed the back of Qiao Nian’s hand as he said sadly, “I…”

Qiao Nian hurriedly covered Gu Zhou’s mouth with her other hand. Her heart ached as she looked at Gu Zhou, who was lying on the hospital bed. “You don’t have to apologize. It’s just like how you didn’t let me thank you.”