Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

1307 Don’t Worry

Chen Qing also turned on the flashlight on his cell phone. The ward was much brighter. Seeing Qiao Nian frowning, he hurriedly comforted her. “Second Young Master and Second Young Madam, the arrangements have been made.”

Qiao Nian glanced at Chen Qing and nodded slightly.

Gu Zhou reached out and held Qiao Nian’s hand. He said softly, “Don’t worry, I’ll be fine!”

Just as Qiao Nian was about to say something, Gu Zhou said, “Put these dishes away. Place the bed flat and give me a gun.”

Chen Qing swiftly removed the dining table from the bed and laid it flat.

Qiao Nian looked at Gu Zhou, who was lying on the bed, with concern written all over her face. Back at the amusement park, she couldn’t fight side by side with Gu Zhou because she was taking care of Xiao Bao. Gu Zhou was injured, and she felt very apologetic. She said, “I hope that no matter what happens in the future, we can fight side by side.”

Gu Zhou’s lips curved up slightly. He reached out and held Qiao Nian’s hand.

Qiao Nian handed a gun to Gu Zhou. She gripped the gun tightly and looked nervously at the door.

At the end of the corridor, two doctors were pushing a bed. There was also a patient groaning in pain. One of the doctors turned on the flashlight on his cell phone because the inpatient department had a blackout.

Gu Zhou’s ward was in Room 606. Not only were there two Interpol officers at the door of his ward, but there were also six bodyguards arranged by Chen Qing.

At this moment, Chen Qing had been standing inside the ward door, looking at the situation outside through the glass.

The bed gradually approached Room 606. Not only was Interpol nervous, but even the bodyguards arranged by Chen Qing were also nervous. All of them gripped the guns in their hands tightly.

When the tall doctor saw a nurse walking towards him, he hurriedly stopped her. “Xiao Xing, have you finished checking the wards? Why did the power suddenly go out in the inpatient department? Did you call the power center? By the way, did anyone turn on the backup power?” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Xiao Xing was holding her phone, and her phone was also on with a flashlight. She could vaguely see the doctor who was speaking, but that doctor was wearing a mask, so she couldn’t see who that doctor was.

However, the doctor who could call her name must be a doctor from the hospital. She hurriedly said, “The head nurse has already been contacted. I think the fuse has burned out. The workers are changing it. It should be fine soon.”

“That’s good. The power outage in the inpatient department is really fatal. Fortunately, it’s not the emergency department. Otherwise, what will happen to the people undergoing surgery?” As the doctor spoke, he waved at the young nurse. “Come and help. This is a patient from 608. He just finished the surgery and needs to be sent to the ward!”

When Xiao Xing heard this, she hurriedly stepped forward to help support the bed.

Interpol and the bodyguards were not stupid. Knowing that these people were from the hospital, they heaved a sigh of relief and put away the guns in their hands.

Chen Qing listened to their conversation in the ward. Something seemed to be wrong.

Mr. Gu’s ward was in Room 606. The room next to his was Room 608. She heard that there were also patients in Room 608.

“Be careful!” Just as Chen Qing shouted, he saw that the bed had already been pushed to the door of Room 606. The man on the bed jumped up and knocked the nurse out with a knife.

Before the nurse could scream, she fainted to the ground.

At the same time, the two doctors took out their pistols and fired mercilessly in all directions.

The three of them took out masks from under their clothes and put them on. They used the bed to knock open the ward door.

Chen Qing immediately locked the door of the ward, but he did not expect those people to knock the door down with the bed.

The door burst open. He hurriedly pushed the bed out through the door.

There were still many people in the surrounding wards. They were all arranged by Chen Qing and Qin Chuan. When they heard the commotion, they rushed over.

No one was shooting now. They probably couldn’t see each other clearly in the darkness. All they could hear was the sound of punches and kicks.

Qiao Nian stood in front of the bed, aiming her gun at the door with both hands.

At this moment, a clear male voice said loudly, “Don’t mess with them. Our mission today is to kill Gu Zhou. After that, retreat quickly!”

Qiao Nian’s heart jumped to her throat. She walked around the bed and walked up to Gu Zhou from the other side. Her gaze was fixed on the door of the ward as she said in a low voice, “It’s Eldest Senior Brother. Eldest Senior Brother has arrived!”

Chen Qing still wanted to push the bed out, but he saw three people wearing identical ghost masks pushing the bed in together.