Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

1311 Collaboration? Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

In the past, he had gone on a mission. At that time, someone had shot him, and this pocket watch had helped him block a bullet. At that time, he felt that the pocket watch was his guardian angel, so he would bring it with him every time he went on a mission.

That’s right, it must be Chang Feng!

He was about the same size as Chang Feng, and Ba Song was slightly stronger than them.

Chang Feng must have sent Qiao Nian a message. The two of them must have planned such a scene.

Just now, Chang Feng must have deliberately taken the bullet for Ba Song, then shouted that he had betrayed him.

Ba Song was an idiot. He must think that he was a traitor.

Dao Wen could imagine Ba Song returning to Mr. Chen and saying that he was a traitor!

Chang Feng had hidden it so well.

Old Master Cui had long suspected that there was something wrong with Mr. Chen. Now, it seemed that there was really something wrong with him. Mr. Chen had long joined forces with Gu Zhou!

Chen Quan was really a sly old fox. He had fooled them!

He had to quickly return to Old Master Cui’s side before he could tell him the truth!

However, before he left, he had to sow discord.

With this thought in mind, Dao Wen took a few deep breaths. After calming down, he looked up at Gu Zhou and stared unblinkingly into his eyes. He asked, “Gu Zhou, have you worked with Chen Quan?”

A trace of confusion flashed in Gu Zhou’s eyes. He looked at Qiao Nian, who was beside him. Qiao Nian also looked confused.

However, Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian quickly realized that Chen Quan was Mr. Chen.

In the outside world, everyone knew him as Mr. Chen. As time passed, people forgot his original name.

Gu Zhou lowered his gaze slightly. It seemed that Dao Wen was loyal to Old Master Cui. He looked up at Dao Wen in front of him and said coldly, “You’re just a traitor. What right do you have to criticize me?”

“Traitor? Who are you calling a traitor? I’m not a traitor!” When Dao Wen heard the word “traitor”, he was so angry that he blew his beard and glared. He said angrily, “Stop trying to be mysterious. Do you think Chen Quan is really working with you? Let me tell you, stop dreaming!”

Gu Zhou was still sitting expressionlessly on the hospital bed. He looked at Dao Wen in front of him, as if he was waiting for him to speak.

Dao Wen was so angry that his mind was about to explode. However, he tried his best to calm down and said, “I heard that you’ve been investigating your brother’s whereabouts?”

Gu Zhou frowned slightly, but quickly regained his composure.

“The police on your side are really useless. Do you want to know where your brother is?” Dao Wen smiled evilly and looked at Gu Zhou’s nervous expression. “I’m telling you, he’s dead. He’s not missing at all. He’s dead!”

Gu Zhou’s expression turned cold.

Dao Wen wanted to provoke Gu Zhou. “Six years ago, Chen Quan was just a dog by Old Master Cui’s side. He was an especially obedient dog. As long as Old Master Cui gave an order, he would pounce on his target and bite him to death.”

At this point, Dao Wen’s expression gradually calmed down. What had happened six years ago appeared in his mind. “At that time, Chen Quan was just a hired thug in the underground boxing ring. It was because he was skilled that Old Master Cui took a liking to him and transferred him to his side. With Chen Quan’s background, he’s only worthy of being a bodyguard. He’s not qualified to be the secretary of the President of HH Corporation. The reason why he has his current status is all because of the Gu family!”

Qiao Nian and Gu Zhou remained silent.

“At that time, Old Master Cui wanted Chen Quan to kill Gu Yue. At that time, Chen Quan and Chang Feng went to An City together. The two of them did the job too well. They pretended that Gu Yue had disappeared and brought him to MY to report to Old Master Cui!” Dao Wen’s eyes gradually darkened. “At that time, Gu Yue was already dead. After Old Master Cui examined Gu Yue’s body, he threw him into the sea.”

At this point, Dao Wen had a smug smile on his face. “Idiot, if you want to look for your brother, you should look in the sea. Perhaps you can find your brother’s broken limbs in the fishes.”

“Oh, I was wrong.” Dao Wen looked apologetic, but the smile in his eyes had no intention of apologizing at all. “Those fishes should also have metabolized him. Your brother should have been gone long ago!”