1312 Setup

When Gu Zhou heard Dao Wen’s words, his expression changed drastically. He had not expected Gu Yue and Chang Feng to have done so much.

In other words, Gu Yue had started to set up his trap even earlier. He walked step by step to approach Old Master Cui.

As for the car accident, Gu Yue had arranged for his escape, making everyone think that Gu Yue was dead.

Gu Zhou frowned. If Big Brother had replaced Chen Quan a long time ago, who was Gu Yue who had always been in the Gu family?

Gu Zhou narrowed his eyes slightly, his eyes exuding a cold aura. Big Brother was young at that time. When exactly did he start setting up the trap?

Seeing the change in Gu Zhou’s aura, Dao Wen knew that he had successfully sowed discord between Gu Zhou and Chen Quan. Worried that Gu Zhou wouldn’t understand, he reminded him, “Gu Zhou, you’re actually working with the enemy who killed your brother. You’re really useless. If your brother finds out, he’ll probably crawl out of hell and beat your stupid brother to death!”

Gu Zhou lowered his head and said nothing.

After a long while, he gradually smiled.

Hearing Gu Zhou’s laughter, Dao Wen felt a vague sense of discomfort. He swallowed and asked nervously, “What are you laughing at?”

“Chen Quan? Is he worthy?” Gu Zhou’s eyes instantly turned cold. He stared unblinkingly into Dao Wen’s eyes. “Who does he think he is!”

Dao Wen looked into Gu Zhou’s eyes and felt a chill run down his spine.

Gu Zhou’s gaze was like a poisonous snake biting his neck.

Dao Wen frowned. He suddenly recalled something. Some people’s brains rewrote their memories because they were afraid of being hurt.

Could it be that Gu Zhou subconsciously felt that his brother was still alive because he couldn’t withstand the news of his brother’s death?

“A loser like you can only live in fantasy,” Dao Wen said indifferently. He was a little puzzled now. Who exactly was the traitor beside Old Master Cui?

Gu Zhou’s bottomless eyes were filled with ice. He said coldly, “Chen Quan is just a dog. How can he kill my brother?”

Dao Wen looked at Gu Zhou’s self-righteous expression and sneered. As he smiled, he suddenly felt that something was wrong.

Could it be that Gu Yue was really not dead?

That wasn’t right!

How could Gu Yue not be dead?

He had thrown Gu Yue into the sea himself. He had seen him clearly back then

Gu Zhou waved at Qiao Nian. Qiao Nian walked over to Gu Zhou and lowered her head slightly, saying a few words in a low voice.

A bright smile appeared on Qiao Nian’s face. She nodded and said, “No problem!”

Qiao Nian walked up to Dao Wen and smiled at him. She said sweetly, “Thank you for telling us who our enemy is. Help us pass on a message. We’ll definitely make him pay with his life!”

With that, Qiao Nian slashed at Dao Wen’s neck. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Dao Wen fell to the ground, his voice hoarse. He was in so much pain that he couldn’t speak.

Qiao Nian pulled out the last needle from Dao Wen’s body and looked down at his pained face. “You can go back!”

“Since he’s already mute, there’s no need to worry about him spouting nonsense. Let him leave!” Gu Zhou said calmly.

Dao Wen looked at Gu Zhou in disbelief. Supporting himself against the wall, he stood up and quickly walked out. Just as he reached the door of the ward, he heard Gu Zhou say to Qiao Nian, “That poor wretch Chen Quan is just a stepping stone!”

Chen Qing opened the door for Dao Wen and said coldly, “Get lost!”

After Dao Wen left, Chen Qing closed the door and looked at Second Young Master worriedly.

Second Young Master seemed to have said that on purpose for Dao Wen to hear. Why did Second Young Master do this?

Chen Qing couldn’t figure out why. He had never been a talkative person. If he couldn’t figure it out, he wouldn’t think about it.

Dao Wen walked towards the stairs step by step. His fingers trembled as he pressed the button to go downstairs. He looked fiercely in the direction of Gu Zhou’s ward.

He would never let Gu Zhou off!

The elevator door opened and Dao Wen walked in with a determined gaze. He wanted to tell Old Master Cui all about this.

Inside the ward.

Chen Qing looked at the swaying door and frowned. “This door is broken. Second Young Master, I’ll contact the doctors now and get them to change your ward.”

“Okay, go!” Gu Zhou said indifferently.

After Chen Qing left, he barely closed the door.