Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

1446 Walking Into a Trap

Chen Qing narrowed his eyes slightly and fired at the person in the grass without hesitation. He swiftly pulled David behind a rock on the other side.

David covered his injured right leg with both hands and looked at Chen Qing gratefully. Just as he was about to speak, he saw Chen Qing gesture for him to keep quiet.

David immediately understood. If he spoke now, there was a good chance that those people would be able to determine his location by the sound of his voice.

Qiao Nian’s gaze fell on David’s face. He was only a step away from them. She threw a stone at him. When she saw him looking over, she pointed at the pistol at his waist.

David nodded. With great effort, he took out the pistol and threw it to Qiao Nian’s side.

He didn’t forget to take out the remaining magazine and throw it to Qiao Nian.

Qiao Nian took the gun. She first used a stone to test if there was anyone in the grass, then fired!

Lina watched as Qiao Nian fired with a frown. Almost every shot she fired hit a person. The sound of those people crying came from the grass.

Lina pursed her lips tightly, not daring to speak, afraid that she would distract Qiao Nian.

In less than three minutes, there was no more movement in the grass.

Qiao Nian frowned slightly and said solemnly, “I suspect that there are more than just these people. There are also some people hiding in the dark.”

Chen Qing was squatting behind a stone not far away. When he heard Qiao Nian’s words, he hurriedly said, “Madam, let’s go down the mountain first. The mountain is really too dangerous. I can’t contact Second Young Master anymore! They’ve already cut off the communication signal!”

Qiao Nian nodded slightly. She and Chen Qing didn’t have many bullets in their hands. They couldn’t continue firing at those who were fully prepared.

Lina naturally knew what Qiao Nian meant. Moreover, they were nowhere to be seen now. If they didn’t leave the mountain quickly, they might be wiped out all at once by those people.

“Let’s go down the mountain now!” Lina said with certainty. Then she looked at David. “David, how are you now?”

David pursed his lips and nodded. He couldn’t stay here any longer. If he stayed here, he would only die. “I can do it. Let’s hurry up and leave now!”

Chen Qing bent down and walked over to David. He supported him with one hand. “Let’s go!”

The four of them did not dare to take the stairs directly. They only dared to walk down from the small forest beside them.

Qiao Nian gripped her pistol tightly. There were only two bullets left in it. She went to the grass to check on the guns of the people that wanted to kill them. They had actually used up all the bullets in their guns!

She looked around warily, afraid that those people would jump out of the grass again.

About half an hour later, just as they were about to reach the foot of the mountain, a cold arrow suddenly hit a tree trunk not far away.

Chen Qing’s expression changed. He said loudly, “Hide!”

Qiao Nian pulled Lina behind a large rock and said to her in a low voice, “Looks like those people expected us to go down the mountain, so they hid in the dark and waited for us to fall into their trap!”

Lina’s expression changed drastically. She clenched her fists tightly, her body trembling slightly. This was the first time she had encountered such a terrifying thing!

Chen Qing hid behind a large rock not far away with David. He put David down and took out his phone, trying to contact Gu Zhou.

However, there was still no signal on his phone.

Chen Qing frowned. It seemed that if he didn’t kill all those people, they wouldn’t be able to leave the mountain safely.

Chen Qing glanced worriedly at Qiao Nian, who was not far away, thinking about how to lure those people away.

At this moment, two more arrows shot into a tree trunk not far away.

Qiao Nian’s expression faltered slightly. Could it be that those people didn’t dare to use guns because they were closer to the foot of the mountain and were worried that they would disturb the people at the foot of the mountain? Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Madam, they seem to be afraid of us,” Chen Qing said in a low voice.

As soon as he finished speaking, a few arrows shot towards the stone in front of him and finally fell to the ground weakly.

Qiao Nian didn’t speak. She just nodded at Chen Qing.