Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

1448 Bandage

After shooting Lina in the shoulder, they retreated.

Qiao Nian narrowed her eyes slightly, her gaze landing on Lina’s shoulder.

There was still an arrow in Lina’s shoulder. Blood stained her shoulder red. If she rashly pulled the arrow out, it might harm Lina.

However, if he didn’t treat Lina’s injuries, she might not be able to hold on any longer.

Now that Lina had closed her eyes to conserve her strength, there was no trace of blood on her face. Her lips were frighteningly pale.

Qiao Nian frowned slightly. She opened the back door of the car and took out her jacket.

When they were climbing the mountain, she had placed her jacket in the car. There were still silver needles in her jacket.

Chen Qing was carrying Lina on his back. When he saw Qiao Nian take out the silver needle, his expression changed slightly. He hurriedly shouted, “Madam, you can’t!”

“I know what to do.” Qiao Nian had already made up her mind. She would never change her mind once she made a decision. She pursed her lips and gave Chen Qing a look, signaling for him to place Lina on the ground.

Now, the conditions were harsh and there were no good surgical conditions. However, if she wanted to protect Lina’s arm, she had to pull out Lina’s arrow now.

Removing an arrow was a very dangerous thing. If she wasn’t careful, she might take Lina’s life.

With his back facing Lina, Chen Qing clenched his fists involuntarily.

If Lina was an ordinary person, he would definitely stand on Madam’s side.

However, Lina was the seventh princess of Europe. If anything happened to Lina, the president of Europe would definitely push all the blame to Madam. He might even think that Madam had deliberately set all of this up to murder the seventh princess of Europe.

Chen Qing frowned nervously.

“Put her down,” Qiao Nian said.

When Chen Qing heard Qiao Nian’s words, he hesitated for a moment. In the end, he listened to Qiao Nian and placed Lina on the ground.

Without any hesitation, Qiao Nian took out a silver needle and swiftly sealed Lina’s acupuncture points. When she finished the last needle, she frowned and took a deep breath, holding the end of the arrow with both hands.

Qiao Nian looked at Lina, who had opened her eyes slightly. She said softly, “Although it hurts, bear with it.”

Lina’s lips were pale. She stared unblinkingly at Qiao Nian and nodded.

Qiao Nian gripped the arrow tightly and pulled it out! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Ah!” Lina screamed in pain. Her breathing quickened, and her body trembled violently. Then, she fainted.

Chen Qing, who was standing at the side, was stunned. He hadn’t expected Qiao Nian to pull it out immediately.

Lina was not injected with any anesthesia. No one could withstand the piercing pain of pulling out an arrow under such circumstances.

Blood splattered everywhere. Some even splashed onto Qiao Nian’s body.

Qiao Nian’s fingers trembled slightly. Swiftly, she threw the arrow aside and took out a silver needle. She took a few deep breaths and tried hard to remain calm. Then, she swiftly inserted the needle.

The blood loss from Lina’s wound was decreased. Only when the blood flow stopped did Chen Qing’s heart, which was in his throat, relax.

At the side, Qiao Nian also heaved a sigh of relief. She had been worried that drawing the arrow would hurt other parts of Lina’s body and cause secondary damage to her.

Fortunately, Lina was fine.

David looked at Lina’s wound in disbelief. This was the first time he had seen someone who could stop the bleeding without medicine. He looked at Qiao Nian with his blue eyes and opened his mouth slightly, as if he wanted to say something to Qiao Nian.

However, before David could speak, Qiao Nian said, “Contact our people and see when they’ll arrive.”

“Yes,” Chen Qing replied. His gaze inadvertently fell on Lina’s exposed fair shoulder. Silently, he looked away and coughed awkwardly.

Qiao Nian looked at Chen Qing’s white shirt and swiftly tore off his sleeve.

Chen Qing was speechless.

Qiao Nian used Chen Qing’s sleeve to bandage Lina’s wound. Lina opened her eyes in a daze. The pain in her body made her cry out, “Nian Nian…”

“Don’t speak. You have to conserve your strength now. If you can still hold on, just blink,” Qiao Nian said gently.

When Lina heard Qiao Nian’s words, her eyes turned red. She nodded gently.