1451 Forced

Everyone knew that if a sharp object pierced through one’s body, one should never pull it out. If one did, one would basically die.

Didn’t Qiao Nian pull out the arrow from Lina’s body because she wanted Lina to die?

Seeing that Lina was panting from the pain, Wright didn’t wait for her to speak. He raised his hand and gestured for the bodyguards beside him to snatch Lina back.

Qiao Nian took a step forward with a cold expression.

There was a lot of blood on her face, so her facial features could not be seen clearly.

The only thing Wright could see clearly was Qiao Nian’s cold eyes. Those eyes were like the eyes of the Grim Reaper, without any warmth.

Qiao Nian glanced at the bodyguards who had walked up. Her expression was dark, and the pressure she exuded made the bodyguards stop in their tracks in fear.

Wright looked at Qiao Nian with interest. She was just a woman, but she could actually scare his bodyguards. She was quite capable.

No matter how capable a woman was, she was just an accessory to a man.

Wright’s lips curved up slightly, and his eyes were filled with disdain. He questioned, “Are you so eager to commit the crime of murdering the princess?”

When David heard Wright’s words, his expression changed. He hurriedly explained, “Prince Wright, you’ve misunderstood. Madam Gu was the one who protected the princess!”

As soon as David finished speaking, all the bodyguards took out their pistols and aimed at them at Wright’s signal. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The dark muzzles were like an entrance to hell. The atmosphere instantly turned cold.

Qiao Nian stood there calmly, no trace of fear on her face. She turned to look at Lina, who was in Chen Qing’s arms, and asked softly, “You don’t want to follow him, right?”

At this moment, Qiao Nian didn’t seem to take the threat of the bodyguards seriously. It was as if as long as Lina said that she was unwilling, she would immediately deal with all the bodyguards and protect her.

Lina bit her lip and looked at Qiao Nian with a pale face.

Wright was her uncle’s adopted son. For so many years, Wright had been pestering her. She also knew what Wright wanted to do. He just wanted her father’s status.

She had heard everything Wright had said by the car just now. If Wright’s people hadn’t hurt her, how would Wright have known that she was injured?

She now suspected that Wright wanted to take the injured her away and tell the entire European nation that he had saved her life. When that happened, the other uncles might agree to their marriage.

If she didn’t follow Wright now, Qiao Nian would have to face more than ten bodyguards. Just now, Wright had sworn that Qiao Nian was the culprit who had hurt her.

If she really left with Wright, Qiao Nian would be locked up by them.

But if she didn’t follow Wright, would Wright kill Qiao Nian?

Lina’s mind was in a mess. She had always known that Wright was a ruthless person. Moreover, Wright had previously…

Lina recalled the bloody scene she had seen previously. Her eyes turned red uncontrollably, and her body trembled.

She really treated Nian Nian as a friend, but her sincerity seemed to have harmed her.

Lina pursed her lips and slowly closed her eyes. Instead of causing Nian Nian’s death now, she might as well follow Wright. Even if Nian Nian was locked up in prison, as long as she was still alive, she would let her out.

Lina had already made up her mind. Just as she was about to speak, Chen Qing, who had been carrying her, spoke.

“Seventh Princess, if you’re unwilling to leave with him, no one can force you.”

When Lina heard Chen Qing’s voice, she immediately opened her eyes. She looked at Chen Qing’s serious face, and her eyes gradually lit up. Her heart rippled.

Could she really not leave with Wright?

Wright, who was standing not far away, had been waiting for Lina’s answer. Seeing that Lina was silent, his patience was about to run out. He smiled and said, “Lina, everything I’ve done is for you. If you follow me, you’ll be treated by a doctor soon. Do you have to make things difficult for yourself?”

Seeing that Lina was staring at Chen Qing, jealousy surged in Wright’s heart. His gaze turned sharp as he said sinisterly, “Do it!”