1457 Antidote?

Seeing that there was something wrong with Dr. Ollie’s gaze, Qiao Nian frowned slightly and asked in confusion, “Is that enough?”

“Yes.” Dr. Ollie nodded.

When Qiao Nian removed all the silver needles from Dr. Ollie’s body, Dr. Ollie gradually felt the other half of his body. He looked at Qiao Nian with a burning gaze, wishing he could learn acupuncture from her now.

However, Dr. Ollie also understood that the most important thing now was the Seventh Princess. He looked at Qiao Nian and said, “The antidote might not be ready for a while. The Seventh Princess’s condition is more critical now.”

“You don’t have to worry about that,” Qiao Nian said with certainty. She seemed to have thought of something and looked at Dr. Ollie. “Dr. Ollie, can I visit the Seventh Princess now?”

“Of course,” Dr. Ollie said with certainty.

Dr. Ollie looked at Qiao Nian and hesitated. “In the Seventh Princess’s current situation, someone must have the antidote. The best solution is to do as that person wants.”

Dr. Ollie was famous in Europe. He had more or less heard about the European royal family.

Only a few ordinary people would dare to assassinate the Seventh Princess of Ou Nation.

Qiao Nian looked at Dr. Ollie and didn’t speak in the end.

Dr. Ollie personally brought Qiao Nian to the ward where the Seventh Princess was.

Lina lay on the white hospital bed. Her face was pale, without a trace of blood. Her lips were faintly purple.

Qiao Nian and Lina were the only ones in the ward. Qiao Nian walked to Lina’s bed and sat down. She reached out to take Lina’s pulse, then used a silver needle to stimulate the acupuncture points on Lina’s body, allowing her to wake up for the time being.

Lina’s eyelashes fluttered slightly, then she opened her eyes.

Everything was white. Lina blinked a few times before she could see the person in front of her clearly. She opened her mouth slightly. “Nian Nian.”

Her voice was frivolous, and her aura was weak, as if she would faint at any moment.

Seeing Lina like this, Qiao Nian held her hand tightly in sadness and said softly, “Don’t worry, I’ll treat you.”

“Nian Nian.” Lina’s eyes gradually hardened. She looked a little excited, but her voice was still very weak. “Hand me over. I know Wright must have the antidote…”

Before Lina fainted, Dr. Ollie had already briefed her on her condition.

She knew very well that if Qiao Nian handed her over to Wright, it meant that she had to marry Wright in the future, because Wright would never let go of such a good opportunity.

However, if she died, Nian Nian would also be punished. She might even die.

She wasn’t afraid of death. She didn’t want to harm Nian Nian.

Lina swallowed and looked at Qiao Nian, trying hard to put on a gentle expression. Afraid that Qiao Nian would get angry, she pretended to be heartless and said, “Actually, I never thought of saving you. Wright did all of this to capture me. I don’t want you to be hurt because of me. How will I repay you then?”

With that, Lina pulled her hand out of Qiao Nian’s with all her might. She looked to the side coldly, as if she was unwilling to have any more contact with Qiao Nian.

Seeing Lina like this, Qiao Nian knew that Lina didn’t want her to be hurt. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

She also knew in her heart that Wright was doing all of this to get what Lina didn’t want to give him. She didn’t want Lina’s hopes to fail.

She lowered her gaze slightly and recalled how Lina had blocked her without hesitation when the arrow flew over. She looked at Lina with heartache.

Qiao Nian knew that Lina’s suggestion was the best solution, but she refused to accept her fate. She believed that everyone’s fate was in her hands.

Qiao Nian stood up and her gaze fell on Lina’s face. She said gently, “Be good. Rest well. I’ll do the rest.”

Lina’s eyes widened slightly as she looked at Qiao Nian in disbelief. Just as she was about to say something, her eyelids grew heavy. She felt that the face Qiao Nian had touched was very warm.

She tried hard to open her eyes, but her eyelids were too heavy. She looked at Qiao Nian guiltily.

It was all her fault. She had harmed Nian Nian.