Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

1460  Here It Comes

"Prince Wright, I've already called, but there's no answer on Kate's phone," the man in the front passenger seat said, trembling. He knew that Prince Wright was on the verge of losing his mind. He pursed his lips and said, "Is the Seventh Princess still in the operating theater and that's why she can't pick up the phone."

Wright gave the man sitting in front a cold look, then looked away guiltily.

Could it be that Lina had yet to come out of the operating theater?

Wright's heart was in a mess. If something really happened to Lina, his plan would be ruined.

With this thought in mind, Wright took out his cell phone and made a call.

…

In less than an hour, a group of people surrounded the entire hospital.

Chen Qing handed the arrow to Qiao Nian. Hearing footsteps outside, he frowned imperceptibly. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Those dense footsteps caused the ground to tremble, giving off a flustered feeling.

Hearing the commotion outside, Qiao Nian frowned slightly and asked in confusion, "What happened outside?"

With a calm expression, Chen Qing said, "Madam, it's probably a drill by the nearby military district. Isn't it too noisy? Why don't I negotiate with them?"

Drill?

A drill in this region?

How was this possible?

This hospital was a scenic hospital. There was no army nearby.

Qiao Nian took out her phone and found the surveillance cameras in Lina's ward. She saw Lina lying on the hospital bed, her face scrunched up in pain.

Qiao Nian's eyes darkened. She turned to look at Chen Qing and said sternly, "Don't let anyone in."

Chen Qing hurriedly agreed. After he left, he didn't forget to close the door.

This door was probably soundproofed. After closing it, she couldn't hear anything from outside.

Chen Qing saw Gu Zhou standing at the end of the corridor. He quickly walked over and greeted, "Second Young Master."

Gu Zhou stood there, looking calmly at the situation outside.

"Salute!"

20:22

In the hospital garden, two groups of people were confronting each other.

Although no one spoke, the auras on both sides were solemn, as if a war would break out at any moment with just a little spark.

Gu Zhou looked expressionlessly at the army in neat military uniforms. Those people parted in an orderly manner, revealing a single path.

At the back of the army was a low-profile and luxurious black car. The chauffeur got out in a well-tailored suit. He was still wearing white gloves and had a solemn expression.

He walked to the door of the back seat, opened it, and bent down slightly to welcome the person out of the car respectfully.

Under everyone's gaze, a middle-aged blond man in a black suit walked out.

"Salute!"

All the soldiers immediately saluted him with a loud bang.

He looked like a standard European man. He was middle-aged, and his skin was tightly pressed against his bones, giving off a cold feeling.

His blue eyes narrowed slightly, his gaze dark.

The President of the European Union glanced at everyone and slowly raised his gaze. In the end, his eagle-like gaze landed sharply in Gu Zhou's direction.

Gu Zhou stood there calmly. The glass in front of him was bulletproof. From the outside, one could not see what was inside.

However, the European president seemed to ignore this layer of glass. His gaze met Gu Zhou's.

For a moment, the smell of gunpowder intensified.

Chen Qing clenched his fists tightly. With a serious expression, he asked, "Second Young Master, why don't I go down and negotiate?"

Gu Zhou did not speak. Just as Chen Qing thought that Gu Zhou would not answer, he heard Gu Zhou say, "I'll go personally!"

Chen Qing's pupils dilated uncontrollably. Instinctively, he wanted to block Gu Zhou's path, but when he met Gu Zhou's determined eyes, he lowered his head and made way for him like a defeated rooster.

Gu Zhou walked downstairs.

The president, who was standing in the garden, sensed that the surveillance on him had disappeared. He retracted his gaze indifferently and his gaze fell on the mercenaries confronting the army.