1466 Failure

The president stood under the streetlamp. His expression was dark, and the lines on his face were clear like a knife.

The president’s secretary looked at the watch in his hand and counted down.

Listening to the countdown by the president’s secretary, Chen Qing silently moved forward a little. If there was really a war, he could protect Second Young Master immediately.

“Three!”

“Two!”

“One!”

The secretary had just finished reading the last word when the army raised the guns in their hands and aimed them at Gu Zhou and the mercenaries.

The mercenaries were the same. They raised their pistols and aimed them at the president and the army. A war was about to break out!

At this moment, the hospital door suddenly opened!

Everyone’s attention fell on the entrance of the hospital. Everyone saw Dr. Ollie standing there. There was a bed behind him, and the person lying on it was Lina.

Two nurses were pushing the bed. Qiao Nian was standing on the other side of the bed.

When the president saw Lina, his eyes lit up. He quickly walked over. “Lina!”

The usually calm president’s footsteps were a little messy. When he got closer to Lina, he saw her pale face. His footsteps became heavier and heavier.

When the president walked to Lina’s bed, his eyes were slightly red, and his heart had already sunk to the bottom.

Ollie stood at the side, his gaze falling on the president’s face. He hesitated for a moment, then glanced at Qiao Nian. In the end, he said helplessly to the president, “Mr. President, the seventh princess was already injured by the arrow when she was sent over. Fortunately, Madam Gu helped the seventh princess stabilize the arrow wound and saved her arm. However, the most fatal thing about the seventh princess is the poison in her body. As long as the seventh princess takes the antidote within twenty-four hours, she will be fine.”

Dr. Ollie was a famous doctor. He often treated the president.

When the President heard Dr. Ollie’s words, he pursed his lips. His sharp gaze pierced Dr. Ollie’s heart like a cold blade. “Twenty-four hours. What is twenty-four hours enough to do? What have you done in the past ten hours?”

The president’s voice trembled. If he had known when he arrived at the hospital that Lina had been poisoned, he would have investigated the person who poisoned her long ago. Perhaps he would have found the antidote by now.

Dr. Ollie could tell that the president was very angry. He glanced at Qiao Nian worriedly, then retracted his gaze and said solemnly, “Madam Gu has just made an antidote for the Seventh Princess, and she’s already taken it!”

Dr. Ollie sighed in his heart. He probably wouldn’t be able to protect Qiao Nian either. Previously, he had trusted Qiao Nian’s ability and given her a chance, but Qiao Nian had failed.

Dr. Ollie felt that it was a pity. A genius doctor like Qiao Nian might be about to disappear, but he had to tell the truth at this moment. Otherwise, the president might make his entire team disappear!

When the president heard Dr. Ollie say that Lina had already drunk Qiao Nian’s self-made antidote, his expression changed drastically. The anger in his heart burned!

This was simply nonsense!

As an outsider, he knew that it was not easy to make an antidote. How could someone make an antidote in less than a month?

The people who had poisoned Lina must be hiding in the dark. They must be waiting for him to beg them to give Lina the antidote.

Now, if the antidote Qiao Nian gave Lina reacted with the poison in Lina’s body and produced a new poison, wouldn’t Lina…

The president didn’t dare to think about it anymore. Just as he was about to flare up, Lina, who was lying on the hospital bed, suddenly coughed.

“Lina!” The president’s attention was all on Lina as he called out anxiously.

Lina wasn’t awake. Her eyes were closed, and she was coughing hard. Her body was trembling.

Suddenly, Lina spat out a mouthful of blood!

Blood instantly dyed the white bedsheets red. The president’s eyes widened as he exclaimed, “Lina, Lina, wake up!”

Lina was his wife and his most important treasure, but he was helpless when he saw Lina in pain. Anger and sorrow were like a raging fire that instantly burned away all the president’s rationality.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)