Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

1467 Shoot

The president raised his head inch by inch. His eyes were red as he looked at Qiao Nian, who was standing beside Ollie. He picked up the gun in his hand and pointed it at Qiao Nian’s head. “You killed my daughter. I want you to pay with your life for Lina!”

Seeing this, Qiao Nian took a step forward and stood in front of Gu Zhou. “Mr. President!”

Qiao Nian’s gaze was clear and firm. She stared unblinkingly at the European President, not a trace of fear in her eyes. “Lina’s condition is unstable now. Time is tight. I need to perform acupuncture on her now. We’ll talk about everything after I do that. Is that okay?”

Chen Qing was so anxious that he was sweating profusely. He looked at the anxious president and wanted to look into Qiao Nian’s firm eyes. “Madam!”

Gu Zhou reached out and wrapped his arms around Qiao Nian’s waist, pulling her behind him again. He looked at the President with his obsidian-like eyes. “Mr. President, if we really wanted to harm the Seventh Princess, we definitely wouldn’t have wasted the past ten hours!”

The President looked at Qiao Nian with a dark expression, the anger in his eyes burning brighter and brighter. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The president’s secretary quickly stepped forward and said with disgust, “You’re still lying even now. You’ve wasted the Seventh Princess’s golden time. I’ll make you pay with your life now!”

As the president’s secretary spoke, he aimed his gun at Qiao Nian!

“Bang!”

With a loud bang, the gun in the president’s secretary’s hand fell to the ground. He covered his right wrist with his left hand and looked at Gu Zhou in disbelief. Before he could see Gu Zhou attack, Gu Zhou had already knocked the pistol out of his hand!

Panting heavily, the president’s secretary staggered to the president’s side and looked at Gu Zhou not far away with a dark expression. “President, these people are not from our country. They must have ulterior motives. The two of them are not from Europe at all. They must have other motives for coming to Europe this time. Perhaps they’re here for the Seventh Princess!”

When the president heard his secretary’s words, he glanced at him from the corner of his eye, then fell into deep thought.

The president’s secretary had been following the president the entire time and knew his every expression very well. His eyes darted around as he continued, “Perhaps Gu Zhou is waiting for support now. Mr. President, we can’t wait any longer. If we fall into Gu Zhou’s trap, you’ll be in danger! Perhaps Madam President will also be…”

The president’s secretary noticed that the president was angry and was so frightened that he didn’t dare to continue.

Qiao Nian narrowed her eyes slightly. Her gaze fell on the president’s secretary’s face. This president’s secretary was clearly adding fuel to the fire. What exactly was his motive?

The gun in Gu Zhou’s hand was still smoking. His obsidian eyes were cold under the light as he looked coldly at the president standing in front of him.

The President met Gu Zhou’s gaze. His eyes were like the pool of water in the abyss. They were calm, but bottomless.

He hadn’t even noticed that Gu Zhou had attacked just now. When he realized, Gu Zhou had already hit his secretary’s hand.

As expected of a member of the Gu family in An City.

The president retracted his gaze and glanced at the good-for-nothing secretary beside him. His voice was cold. “Get lost!”

The president’s secretary looked at the president in disbelief. He had not expected the president to stand on Gu Zhou’s side.

Before he could finish speaking, his mouth was covered.

The President retracted his gaze and looked at Gu Zhou with killing intent in his eyes. If such a person was an enemy, he would definitely take the opportunity to commit suicide. He would not let him have the satisfaction of killing him.

The president slowly lowered his gaze. He really didn’t want to stand on the opposite side of the Gu family in An City. The situation in Europe was critical now, and he still needed the Gu family’s support.

The president’s gaze fell on Lina’s face again. Only then did he realize that Qiao Nian was performing acupuncture on Lina.

Qiao Nian calmly inserted the needles into Lina’s acupuncture points. At this moment, Lina’s condition wasn’t stable at all. Her face was pale, and her lips were a little purple.

Qiao Nian gripped the last needle in her hand tightly. She heaved a sigh of relief, then inserted the needle into Lina’s body.