1469 Interrogation

“Dad, I think I’m much better now. I can even get up and walk.” As Lina spoke, her gaze fell on the silver needles on her body. She smiled and teased, “After the silver needles are removed, I want to take a shower and tidy up first.”

Qiao Nian’s gaze fell on Lina’s face. She said, “The silver needles have to be there for another three minutes before they can be removed!”

Lina smiled at Qiao Nian. “Nian Nian, thank you so much. You saved me again.”

“As long as you’re fine.” Qiao Nian moved closer to Lina and said in a low voice.

Lina smiled. When she noticed the army and mercenaries not far away, she blushed slightly and hurriedly said, “Dad, I’m fine now. Don’t worry, but I want to go back to the ward and tidy up!”

The president realized that although Lina’s voice was very soft, she was in her usual good state. He smiled brightly and said, “Alright, alright. Then go in first. I have something to tell Second Young Master Gu.”

The nurses pushed the bed into the hospital. Lina gave Qiao Nian a look.

Qiao Nian instantly understood what Lina meant. She turned to Gu Zhou and said, “I’ll go accompany Lina!”

As soon as she finished speaking, she realized that Gu Zhou had already draped his suit jacket over her. She didn’t even know when Gu Zhou had taken off his jacket.

The moment she put on the jacket, Qiao Nian felt her entire body warm up. She looked at Gu Zhou gently, her eyes curved into crescents.

Gu Zhou nodded and said, “Yes.”

Qiao Nian followed Lina’s bed into the hospital.

The president glanced at the army not far away and gestured. The army instantly retreated from the hospital.

Gu Zhou glanced at Chen Qing. Chen Qing hurriedly walked up to the mercenaries and asked them to leave in an orderly manner.

In the blink of an eye, there were only two people left at the entrance of the hospital.

…

Wright put away his binoculars. When he saw that the mercenaries and the army had already withdrawn, he froze. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

What exactly had happened?

Why did the president let Gu Zhou off? Could it be because the Gu family had given the president some benefits?

Wright was puzzled. He recalled that when Lina’s bed was pushed out, he could only see Lina’s bed from his angle. As there were many people at the entrance of the hospital, those people blocked Lina’s face.

Could it be that Lina had said something to the president?

This was impossible!

The doctor had once said that people who were poisoned by that poison would never wake up after they fainted unless they took the antidote.

Without the antidote, it was impossible for Lina to wake up.

The more Wright thought about it, the more he felt that something was wrong. He recalled seeing David with Lina on the mountain. Could it be that the president believed David?

That was impossible. The injured person was Lina. The president should have suspected that David was a traitor.

Wright’s assistant walked forward and said with a frown, “Prince, a message has arrived. It says that Princess Lina has woken up.”

The binoculars in Wright’s hand fell to the ground. He looked at the assistant in shock and questioned with a dark expression, “What did you just say?”

“Princess Lina is awake,” the assistant whispered, lowering his head.

“How is that possible!” Wright stepped on the telescope and it shattered into pieces. He quickly walked up to the assistant and grabbed his collar, forcing him to look at him. “Tell me what happened again!”

The assistant looked at the crazy Wright in fear. He swallowed nervously and said shakily, “Prince Wang, Princess Lina is really awake!”

“You’re lying!” Wright gritted his teeth and looked at the assistant in front of him, his eyes filled with hatred and ferocity. “She’s poisoned. It’s impossible for her to wake up without the antidote!”

The assistant’s legs were trembling. He hesitated for a long time, not daring to speak again. His neck felt uncomfortable, and he could barely breathe.

“This is absolutely impossible!” In a daze, Wright let go of the assistant’s collar, his eyes filled with hatred. His voice trembled as he said, “You must be lying to me. You must be!”