Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

1475 Invitation

“Sure. Where are you? Shall I pick you up?” Wright said with a faint smile, but it didn’t reach his eyes.

At this moment, Aisha was lying lazily on the bed in her pajamas. When she heard Wright’s words, she immediately jumped up from the bed and said sweetly, “I’m at home now. Come and pick me up now!”

As she spoke, Aisha hurriedly lifted the blanket and got out of bed. She walked to the dressing table and prepared to put on her makeup. She wanted to put on beautiful makeup before meeting Wright.

“Alright, I’ll pick you up now.” With that, Wright hung up and said to his assistant, “Give me the car keys. Go back yourself!”

“Yes.” The assistant agreed without hesitation. His eyes lit up. He couldn’t wait to leave.

When Wright took the car keys, he walked towards the car alone. Just as he reached it, his phone rang again.

“Hello?” Wright raised his eyebrows slightly, his voice calm.

“Is that Prince Wright?”

The other party’s voice was very gentle and charming. Just from the voice, one could tell that she must be a peerless beauty.

The gloom in Wright’s eyes dissipated a lot. His lips curved up slightly as he asked, “May I know who you are…”

“I’m Nana. I wonder if Prince Wright is free to have dinner with me tonight?”

Nana?

Light’s eyes flashed. He didn’t know a girl named Nana, but he was interested in this girl because her name reminded him of Lina.

“I’ve got an appointment with someone else tonight. I’m afraid I won’t have time,” Wright said, playing hard to get. Swiftly, he opened the car door and got in.

“Prince Wright, I think you’ll definitely go on a date with me. I’ve already sent you the address! I’ll wait for you at the restaurant. See you there!”

Before Wright could speak, the other party had already hung up.

Wright frowned slightly. Although this woman was interesting, there was no need for him to stand the Fourth Princess up for an unfamiliar woman.

Wright put down his phone and was about to fasten his seatbelt when his phone rang again.

So it was a colored letter.

When he saw the photo on the colorful letter, he seemed to be slightly stunned. His grip on the cell phone tightened. Then, called the Fourth Princess, Aisha.

Aisha was drawing her eyebrows when she picked up the phone. When she saw Wright’s call, her lips curved up involuntarily. “Wright, are you downstairs so soon?”

“Aisha, I’m really sorry. I suddenly had an urgent matter tonight. I’ll treat you to a meal tomorrow, okay?”

Wright’s sincere apology rang out from the cell phone. Aisha frowned slightly, but she still pretended to be gentle. “Alright, I’ll wait for you at noon tomorrow!”

Aisha hung up, a little disappointed. Reluctantly, she removed her makeup and went back to bed.

…

Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian arrived home.

The dishes were placed on the dining table of the cafeteria in advance. There were six dishes and a soup, and the fragrance of the food instantly reached Qiao Nian’s nose.

Gu Zhou pulled Qiao Nian to the dining table and sat down. He smiled at Qiao Nian. On the way back, Qiao Nian had already slept in the car. “I know you’re very sleepy now, but you should eat something before sleeping. Otherwise, your stomach will feel uncomfortable later!”

Qiao Nian looked up at Gu Zhou and met his gentle eyes. Her face was reflected in his obsidian-like pupils, as if she had already occupied his entire world.

Qiao Nian’s heart warmed. There was a hint of a smile in her beautiful fox-like eyes as she said softly, “Although I’m a little hungry, there are too many dishes.”

“If you can’t finish it, your Hubby will help you get rid of it.” Gu Zhou sat down slightly beside Qiao Nian, his lips curving up slightly. “It won’t be wasted.”

When Qiao Nian heard the word “Hubby”, her ears turned red uncontrollably. She had a strange feeling.

This feeling was very comfortable. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Gu Zhou handed a pair of chopsticks to Qiao Nian. Qiao Nian took them, glanced at Gu Zhou, and lowered her head to eat slowly.

She was really hungry. After taking two bites, she couldn’t help but take a few more. The plate in front of her was already filled with Gu Zhou’s favorite dishes. She looked up at Gu Zhou and asked, “Why aren’t you eating?”