Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

1476 Asleep

“Yes, I’ll eat now.” As Gu Zhou spoke, he picked up his chopsticks and began to eat.

Although it was not good to take a shower and sleep right after dinner, she was really too sleepy. She had been busy for so long today and was covered in dirt. If she did not take a shower, she would not be able to go to bed to rest.

Gu Zhou nodded. Seeing that Qiao Nian had gone upstairs, he put down his chopsticks and took out his phone to send Chen Qing a message. “How is it?”

Chen Qing replied very quickly. “Second Young Master, everything is going smoothly.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Gu Zhou asked the servants to pack up the food before walking upstairs. He sat in the bedroom and waited. About ten minutes passed, but Qiao Nian still didn’t come out of the bathroom.

He walked to the bathroom door and knocked. “Nian’er.”

However, there was no movement in the bathroom.

Gu Zhou frowned slightly and called out tentatively, “Nian’er?”

There was still no answer from the bathroom.

Gu Zhou pushed the door open and walked in. The water in the bathtub had already spilled out, covering the ground.

He looked up and saw that Qiao Nian had already fallen asleep in the bathtub.

Gu Zhou looked at Qiao Nian with heartache. He walked over and picked her up from the bathtub.

The water on Qiao Nian’s body was soaking his clothes. His white shirt was pressed tightly against his chest, and the outline of his tight muscles could be vaguely seen.

He took a towel from the side and wrapped Qiao Nian in it. After wiping her clean carefully, he carried Qiao Nian to the bed. He placed her on the bed and helped her change into a silk nightdress.

After Gu Zhou was done, he went into the bathroom to take a shower. Just as he finished packing up and got into bed, he saw Qiao Nian sleeping soundly.

He reached out and pulled Qiao Nian into his arms. Lowering his head, he kissed Qiao Nian’s forehead and said in a low voice, “Goodnight.”

Qiao Nian’s eyelashes fluttered slightly. In a daze, she opened her eyes.

Seeing that Qiao Nian had woken up, Gu Zhou frowned slightly. “Did I disturb you?”

Qiao Nian was still in a daze. She shook her head gently. “No.”

“Go to sleep!”

Qiao Nian looked at Gu Zhou’s abdomen worriedly, frowning. Previously, at the amusement park in MY, Gu Zhou’s abdomen had been injured. Under such circumstances, he couldn’t use strength casually.

With this thought in mind, Qiao Nian reached out to unbutton Gu Zhou’s pajamas.

Qiao Nian’s beautiful fox-like eyes were filled with worry. She stared unblinkingly at Gu Zhou, looking like she wanted to examine him.

“I’m really fine!” Gu Zhou said with certainty.

Qiao Nian didn’t speak. She continued to look at Gu Zhou.

Helpless, Gu Zhou could only let go and let Qiao Nian examine him.

Qiao Nian carefully examined Gu Zhou’s wound. Two-thirds of his injuries had already recovered, and the remaining third had already scabbed over.

Only then did Qiao Nian heave a sigh of relief. She couldn’t help but say, “You haven’t recovered yet. If your wound opens again, how much more will you suffer! You’re not allowed to mess around in the future. You can’t use your life to fool around. You, um…”

Before Qiao Nian could finish speaking, Gu Zhou’s face grew larger and larger.

Without hesitation, Gu Zhou covered Qiao Nian’s mouth. After a long while, when Qiao Nian was almost out of breath, he let go of her.

Qiao Nian’s face was flushed red, and her eyes seemed to be covered in a layer of mist.

Seeing Qiao Nian like this, Gu Zhou thought that she looked like a delicate rose. His eyes darkened and he said in a low voice, “If you can’t sleep, I want to do some bed exercises with you. I heard that bedtime exercises can improve the quality of sleep.”

Qiao Nian was speechless.

Qiao Nian turned around uncomfortably, leaving her back facing Gu Zhou. She hurriedly said, “Goodnight.”

A trace of a smile flashed in Gu Zhou’s eyes. Even if Qiao Nian was willing, he wasn’t. She had a long day. She should rest well.