Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

1527 Slapped

Gu Yue’s face suddenly appeared in Qiao Nian’s mind. Her brother had been hiding by Cui Huai’s side all these years to protect the Gu and Lu families.

When Qiao Nian realized this, her expression turned even more serious. It seemed that they had to go to the palace to take a look after dinner.

Chen Qing went outside to prepare. Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian sat at the dining table and continued eating.

After breakfast, Qiao Nian felt as if she had come back to life. She had taken a few quick bites last night before falling asleep. Her stomach was empty.

The two of them changed their clothes and walked out, preparing to take a taxi straight to the palace.

At the palace.

In a dark room, one could vaguely see a person lying on the ground in the corner of the wall.

Suddenly, the door opened and light shone in.

Crack!

After the switch was turned on, the ceiling lights instantly lit up. Only then could she see the entire room clearly.

All kinds of silver interrogation tools were hung on the four walls of the room. Bright red blood was still floating in the water tank in the corner. The entire room was filled with a bloody aura, making one feel nauseous.

Annie scrambled to her feet, her lips dry and cracked.

She knew very well that the torture devices on the wall would be used on her sooner or later. She had already broken down and screamed the entire day. Later on, she begged for mercy, but even so, no one was willing to send her to an ordinary cell.

She had already admitted that it was her own business to poison Madam President. It had nothing to do with her father, Earl Mark.

But those people didn’t listen to her at all. It was as if they would only let her off when she told them the truth.

She looked at the person who had come in weakly. The gown that had been used to seduce others was now in tatters, and the makeup on her face was ruined.

Even so, when she saw who it was, she raised her chin proudly, like an arrogant peacock.

“Let me go, you despicable servant. I advise you to let me go quickly!” Annie’s voice was weak, but her eyes were filled with disdain for the person who had arrived. Her lips curved up in disdain as she got up from the ground and tugged at the chains tied to her hands and feet. When the chains collided, they made a ringing sound. “If you let me go now, I promise you’ll enjoy endless wealth and glory in the future!”

The man frowned and walked up to Annie with a dark expression. He said sternly, “Pfft!”

Slap!

Annie finally managed to stabilize herself. She looked at the man in front of her with a dark expression. Her eyes widened and her voice was hoarse. “Let me tell you, my father is the First Earl. How dare a despicable person like you show off in front of me? Let me tell you, when I get out, I’ll be the first to kill you!”

The man who had been hit by Annie raised his hand to wipe the blood from the corner of his mouth. He looked at Annie coldly, then mercilessly slapped her face.

The man used all his strength, his grip strong.

Annie had been locked up in the interrogation room for two days and two nights. She only ate a little every day. After being slapped by the man, her body couldn’t take it anymore and she fell to the ground mercilessly.

“Bang!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

She fell heavily to the ground, the chains rattling. She looked viciously at the man standing in front of her and questioned in disbelief, “Do… do you know who I am? How dare you hit me!”

Annie had always been pampered. The other half of her face instantly swelled up. It hurt like hell.

Her hands trembled as she touched her face. She cared about her dignity the most. She simply couldn’t accept that there was a wound on her face.

She was the most beautiful woman in Europe. If her face was ruined, what would she do?

Annie’s lips trembled with anger, but she didn’t know how to describe her current mood.

The man looked into Annie’s cannibalistic eyes. He walked up to her, squatted down, and spat in her face.

“Ah!” Annie screamed, breaking down. She hurriedly raised her sleeve to wipe the man’s saliva away.

She was a high and mighty princess. When had she ever suffered such humiliation?