Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

1529 Despair

The man who had given Annie food in the morning was sitting not far away, guarding the door of the interrogation room. He was scrolling through his phone when he saw Earl Mark’s statement. His eyes were filled with coldness, and he recalled that Annie had never taken the guards seriously. His lips curved up coldly.

Holding his phone, he walked into the interrogation room. He wanted Annie to know that she no longer had the title of princess. She was just an unwanted rag. She couldn’t even compare to ordinary people.

The man handed the phone to Annie and mocked, “You, give up. Your father doesn’t want you anymore. You’re just an unwanted b*tch now!”

Annie’s gaze gathered on the phone. When she saw what was on it, she couldn’t believe her eyes.

Her eyes widened as she enunciated each word. Her heart felt as if it had been stabbed by a knife. It was so painful that she couldn’t breathe.

“No, this is fake. You’re lying to me!” Annie shouted, then hit the man’s phone.

Seeing the screen crack, the man’s expression changed drastically in anger. He punched Annie hard in the chest and said angrily, “B*tch, how dare you smash my phone? I’ll kill you!”

The man punched Annie again and again.

But Annie didn’t seem to feel anything now. She was like an unwanted sackcloth, standing there alone and reeking.

How was this possible?

Her father actually… really wanted to cut ties with her.

Her father had really abandoned her.

Why?

She had clearly worked very hard. She had clearly been very obedient. Why had she abandoned her?

Annie lay on the ground. In a daze, she recalled the scene she had forgotten.

When she was young, her father was always very busy. She was the most outstanding in her studies, dressing, and social etiquette. In all aspects, she was much better than Lina.

However, her father had never given her an affirmative look. To be precise, her father did not have her in his eyes at all.

He was busy here and there every day, and seemed to be revolving.

When she attended a banquet, the president would carry Lina to the banquet but she could only stay by her father’s side alone. Even if she wanted her father to hug her, her father would only give her a cold back.

If Lina cried at the banquet, the president would pick her up directly. Even if Lina was in the wrong, the president would hug her and explain it to her gently.

If she did something wrong, her father would hate her.

In order to attract her father’s attention and let him know that she existed, she took the initiative to help him.

The first and only mission her father had given her was to send the Falling Autumn Grass to Madam President.

But she had ruined it all.

She had ruined her father’s plan.

Qiao Nian!

It was all Qiao Nian’s fault!

If it weren’t for Qiao Nian, how could anyone have realized that there was something wrong with the Falling Autumn Grass!

What made her even more unhappy was that if Lina had stayed in the palace obediently, Lina wouldn’t have known Qiao Nian. Then none of this would have happened.

She could still do things for her father and be his only daughter.

Annie couldn’t help but cough twice. Her mouth was filled with blood as she lay there weakly, as if her life was slipping away again.

Seeing Annie like this, the man frowned slightly. He couldn’t really beat her to death. If he did, there would definitely be many problems.

The man was about to leave when Annie grabbed his ankle.

“Let go!” The man looked at Annie unhappily, frowning.

Annie looked up at the man in front of her. Ignoring the pain in her body, she slowly got up and staggered to stand in front of the man.

Her lips curved up slightly, and her eyes were filled with charm. “Even if I’m no longer a princess, I used to hide countless gold, silver, and jewelry.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Annie’s fingers gently brushed across the man’s face. With a charming expression, she asked, “Do you want it?”

When the man heard Annie’s words, he frowned slightly.

Everyone knew that Annie raised male pets. It was said that she had a lot of private assets.