Chapter 1544 Figure

Qiao Nian instantly felt uneasy, and her heart began to race.

The last time she had climbed the mountain with Lina, someone had also blocked the signal.

Gu Zhou narrowed his eyes slightly and looked around warily, standing in front of Qiao Nian.

Their walkie-talkies covered a large area. Logically speaking, they shouldn't have lost contact with the people at the foot of the mountain.

It was just that someone had done something behind the scenes and blocked the signal on the entire mountain.

Gu Zhou still remembered that the last time he had spoken to anyone was half an hour ago. In other words, half an hour ago, another group of people had gone up the mountain.

Qiao Nian narrowed her eyes. She knew that with her and Gu Zhou's skills, no one could deal with them. However, Lina was the precious Seventh Princess of Europe. If anything happened to her, things would be troublesome.

Gu Zhou naturally understood Qiao Nian's worry. He hurriedly comforted her. "Don't worry, it'll be fine. Didn't you give them fireworks previously? If there's really danger, they'll definitely set off fireworks for help!"

Gu Zhou paused for a moment and continued, "Besides, there's still Chen Qing. Chen Qing will definitely protect Lina well."

Qiao Nian thought of Chen Qing and Lina together and heaved a sigh of relief. In her heart, Chen Qing was also an expert.

After all, Chen Qing could complete what Gu Zhou wanted to do for him every time.

Gu Zhou and Chen Qing had encountered many enemy attacks in MY, but Chen Qing and Gu Zhou had been able to escape repeatedly. It was obvious that Chen Qing was not inferior to Gu Zhou.

She hoped that Chen Qing could protect Lina safely this time.

The heavy rain fell with a pitter-patter. The noise masked some murderous footsteps.

On the other side.

Chen Qing was about to take out his walkie-talkie to speak to Gu Zhou when he realized that there was no signal on the walkie-talkie. Could it be that someone had cut off the signal?

Chen Qing's expression changed drastically. He looked around coldly, vaguely sensing that something was wrong. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

The rain grew heavier and heavier, and Chen Qing's frown deepened.

He glanced behind him at Lina, who was still earnestly searching for the colorful fungus. She was soaked to the skin.

Chen Qing's attention was on Lina. Suddenly, he inadvertently saw a black shadow not far away.

Chen Qing lowered his gaze expressionlessly, his thin lips pursed tightly.

Although he couldn't see clearly, he was certain that the black shadow was a figure.

It seemed that someone had followed them.

Seeing Lina walk over, Chen Qing grabbed her arm.

Lina was slightly stunned. She looked at Chen Qing in surprise, her eyes filled with confusion.

"Be careful." Afraid that Lina couldn't hear him clearly, Chen Qing moved slightly closer to her ear and said, "At nine o'clock, a figure just flashed past, but I'm not sure which direction the other party is going now."

When Lina heard this, she instantly became nervous. Just as she was about to speak, she heard Chen Qing say, "Don't reveal anything."

Chen Qing was very close to her. She seemed to be able to smell his scent. She couldn't help but swallow and blush. She hurriedly nodded to indicate that she understood.

After that, Chen Qing continued to clear the way in front. Holding a flashlight, Lina swiped it at in the nine o'clock direction without a trace.

However, she didn't notice anything wrong. Could it be that the person in that direction had already left?

Just now, Lina had been so focused on looking for colorful fungus that she hadn't noticed her surroundings. Now that she noticed the bleak environment around her, she couldn't help but feel nervous, and her frown deepened.

Chen Qing was very close to Lina. He naturally noticed the change in Lina and hurriedly comforted her. "Don't worry, it'll be fine."

"Yes," Lina said in a low voice. She recalled what had happened the last time she was at Bear Mountain and shivered involuntarily.

"Seventh Princess, I think they might have just discovered us and haven't thought of how to deal with us." Chen Qing comforted Lina in a low voice. If Lina was too afraid, it was easy for something to go wrong. "Let's quickly go somewhere else."

Initially, Lina was feeling uneasy. Now that she heard Chen Qing's words, she instantly felt a sense of security. She looked at Chen Qing with trust. "Okay."

Although Lina really wanted to find the Colorful Fungus, she didn't want Chen Qing to be injured.