Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1545 Follow Me Closely

Lina's eyes gradually became firm. She looked at Chen Qing and said, "Let's go down the mountain now!"

Chen Qing's expression froze, but he quickly understood Lina's thoughts. He said in a low voice, "Let's take a look again. They might still be inside. We'll see what happens!"

When Lina heard Chen Qing's words, her refusal was stuck in her throat. She believed Nian Nian's judgment that there should be colorful fungus here, but there were pursuers behind her and the unknown in front of her. She looked at Chen Qing beside her and hesitated for a moment before following him.

The ground was slippery, and she staggered.

Chen Qing quickly supported Lina. Seeing that the back of Lina's hand was covered in all kinds of scratches and mud, his eyes darkened slightly. He did not let go of Lina's wrist.

Lina's heart skipped a beat. She stared blankly at Chen Qing's hand, which was holding her wrist. Her entire face instantly turned red.

Chen Qing glanced at Lina and said, "Stay close to me!"

Lina came back to her senses and hurriedly nodded. Fortunately, it was dark now, so Chen Qing couldn't see her face clearly. She turned off the flashlight. If it was on, those people would definitely notice them.

She followed quietly behind Chen Qing. The two of them were very fast, but Lina could vaguely hear the slapping of leaves becoming louder. It seemed that those people were gradually approaching.

Chen Qing's gaze turned sharp, like a wild beast in the mountains. He sized up his surroundings warily.

He didn't understand why those people were only following them and hadn't made a move, but he knew very well that those people would never let them off!

Chen Qing turned back to look at Lina. Lina had been looking around, looking like a frightened bird facing a great enemy.

Chen Qing's footsteps quickened. Seeing that the grass in front of him was getting denser, he had an idea.

He turned back to look at Lina and asked softly, "Seventh Princess, do you believe me?"

Lina nodded without hesitation. Thinking that Chen Qing didn't understand what she meant, she added, "Of course I believe you!"

He had saved her more than once or twice. How could she not believe her?

Chen Qing pursed his lips and said sternly, "I've already promised Madam that I'll protect you well!"

A trace of disappointment flashed in Lina's heart, but she still smiled politely. Just as she was about to speak, Chen Qing pulled her into his arms.

She buried her head in Chen Qing's chest, her body pressed tightly against his. Her face grew hotter and hotter.

Lina's heart began to race. Before she could ask Chen Qing what had happened, she felt the world spin and she rolled down.

Although there was a natural cushion under her, Lina still hugged Chen Qing tightly in fear. Smelling his scent and listening to his steady heartbeat, the panic in her heart gradually disappeared.

Chen Qing's right hand gripped the back of Lina's head tightly, and his left hand hugged Lina's waist tightly. After they rolled for a while, his eyes turned cold when he saw the darkness above him and he sped up immediately.

The slope was steep. He was deliberately creating the illusion that they had accidentally fallen off the mountain.

If they rolled down from above, it would definitely make the people above wary. They would definitely not roll down directly like them. They would definitely climb down carefully.

Before they came down, he and Lina had to find a safe place to hide. That way, they wouldn't be discovered.

When Chen Qing realized that they had arrived at the stone slope, his mind raced. He turned around and hugged Lina in his arms. He bent his legs slightly and used friction to reduce the speed of his fall.

Soon, they stopped. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

In a daze, Lina sat up. The world spun. She no longer knew where she was.

Chen Qing immediately got up from the ground and pulled Lina away, saying, "Seventh Princess, we're in danger now. Hold on."

Lina followed Chen Qing like a wooden puppet. All her attention was on Chen Qing, and the dizziness gradually disappeared.