Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1546 I will carry you

After Lina felt better, she looked around. Suddenly, her eyes lit up. She pulled Chen Qing's arm and said, "Look over there. There's a cave."

That cave was halfway up the mountain. If they wanted to get there, they had to climb up.

Chen Qing hesitated for a moment, but he couldn't find a better place to hide now. With this thought in mind, Chen Qing pulled Lina over.

The rain grew heavier and heavier. Chen Qing and Lina were both drenched. Coupled with the fact that they had just rolled down from above and were covered in mud, the two of them were in a sorry state.

Chen Qing pulled Lina towards the cave. Then, he half-squatted with his back facing Lina and said in a low voice, "Seventh Princess, come up quickly. I'll carry you."

"There's no need." Lina subconsciously rejected Chen Qing.

Her gaze inadvertently fell on Chen Qing's back and she realized that the clothes on his back were all ruined. She could vaguely see the ferocious injuries on his back.

Was he injured?

Realizing this, Lina was even more unwilling to let Chen Qing carry her. She shook her head again and said, "There's really no need."

"Come up!" Chen Qing's voice was still calm, but there was a hint of coldness in his tone. "They're coming after us!"

Lina frowned and didn't have time to think too much. She lay on Chen Qing's back.

Chen Qing immediately stood up and climbed up. As soon as the two of them entered the cave, they heard noisy footsteps outside. A fierce voice said, "Where is she?"

The man's voice was filled with anger as he looked around fiercely.

Chen Qing listened to the situation below. If he wasn't wrong, there were at least thirty people below. At the thought of this, his expression turned even colder.

Lina also heard the voices of the people below. She also heard the sound of those people hitting the grass hard with sticks. She was so frightened that her face turned pale. She clenched her mouth tightly with both hands, worried that she would make a sound.

The leader of the group looked around and instructed the people around him, "The few of you, go there and search. Also, go there. All of you, split up and search!"

Then, the footsteps dissipated.

The leader stood rooted to the ground. He looked around. Suddenly, he thought he heard a creaking sound.

He hurriedly raised his hand, signaling for everyone to stay put. Holding his pistol, he walked step by step towards the source of the sound.

Chen Qing frowned slightly and glanced at Lina, who was looking at him with a worried expression. He looked down at her feet. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Lina had accidentally stepped on a branch just now.

A trace of surprise flashed in Chen Qing's eyes. It was raining heavily outside. Logically speaking, that leader shouldn't have noticed them.

But that leader seemed to have especially good hearing.

Chen Qing saw that Lina was still trembling with fear. He followed Lina's gaze and saw a snake slowly crawling out.

It seemed that Lina had been frightened by the snake just now. That was why she wanted to take a step back and accidentally stepped on a branch.

Lina's heart was beating violently, and tears welled up in her eyes.

Were the two of them going to die here?

If she wasn't afraid of snakes, she wouldn't have made a scene. The people below wouldn't have realized that they were there.

Moreover, she didn't know who had sent those people at the foot of the mountain, but Lina knew very well that as long as those people captured her, they would use her to force her father into a corner.

Lina looked at Chen Qing worriedly. Perhaps Chen Qing wouldn't be so lucky. Those people might end Chen Qing's life without hesitation.

Realizing this, Lina's face turned pale.

If she went out now, as long as Chen Qing continued to hide here, those people would not discover Chen Qing. Chen Qing could still live.

She hoped that Chen Qing would live well. She did not want Chen Qing to be hurt at all.

At the thought of this, Lina clenched her fists tightly. She mustered her courage and took a step forward.

At this moment, Chen Qing grabbed her arm.

Lina stopped in her tracks and looked at Chen Qing in confusion. She saw Chen Qing put his finger to his lips and gesture for her to keep quiet.