Chapter 1548 Something Happened

Gu Zhou's eyes turned cold. He looked at the forest not far away and grabbed Qiao Nian's hand. "Let's go!"

Qiao Nian immediately followed Gu Zhou forward. They had just set off fireworks. Those restless people on the mountain would definitely follow the traces of the fireworks. This place was no longer safe. They had to leave as soon as possible.

Qiao Nian heaved a sigh of relief. Fortunately, they had already agreed on a meeting place. She hoped that Chen Qing and Lina would be waiting for them there.

Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian avoided the black shadows. When they got down the mountain and arrived at the place they had agreed on, there was no one there.

In other words, Chen Qing and Lina had yet to leave the mountain.

Or rather, Chen Qing and Lina had encountered danger on the mountain.

At the thought of this, Qiao Nian's expression darkened, her eyes filled with coldness.

Gu Zhou, who was standing beside Qiao Nian, sensed the coldness on her face. He held her hand tightly and said softly, "Don't worry, there's Chen Qing."

When Qiao Nian heard Gu Zhou's words, she nodded slightly, but she couldn't help but worry.

From the moment the other party blocked the signal, it could be seen that they were definitely coming over aggressively.

Qiao Nian pursed her lips slightly and thought for a long time. Only then did she look at Gu Zhou and suggest, "Ah Zhou, I want to look for them."

They had discussed each other's routes previously and could find traces of their journey.

The heavy rain fell, and the noise made people feel uneasy.

Gu Zhou lowered his gaze and his gaze fell on Qiao Nian's face. Seeing her determined expression, he gently kissed Qiao Nian's forehead and said in a low voice, "I'll send you to our people. They should have set up camp nearby. It's safer for you to be with them."

Qiao Nian looked up at Gu Zhou. She was soaked to the skin, and her hair clung to her face. She looked at Gu Zhou and shook her head in disapproval.

"Nian'er…"

"Do you want to save Chen Qing and Lina alone?" Qiao Nian looked at Gu Zhou and held his hand tightly. She said again, "Do you think I'll be safe if I go to the area with our people?"

"Nian'er, I don't want you…"

"Have you ever thought about what if there's a traitor among our people at the foot of the mountain? Let me tell you, actually, it's the safest for the two of us to be together. Only under such circumstances will there be no accidents," Qiao Nian said firmly.

When Gu Zhou heard Qiao Nian's words, his eyes were filled with helplessness. Every time he encountered such a thing, Qiao Nian's words make him unable to refute her.

He smiled gently. In the end, he held Qiao Nian's hand and said, "Alright, but you have to stay by my side forever."

"Yes." Qiao Nian smiled and nodded seriously.

The two of them walked up the path Lina and Chen Qing had taken. Chen Qing opened up a small path on the ground. The two of them tried their best to lighten their footsteps. Under the cover of the rain, their footsteps could barely be heard.

It was very dark now. Coupled with the forest around them, almost no one could see the two of them.

Gu Zhou was in charge of leading the way, and Qiao Nian was in charge of observing the surroundings. At this moment, footsteps in the distance attracted Qiao Nian's attention.

Qiao Nian tugged at Gu Zhou's hand and gave him a look that said, "There's someone here." Then, she brought Gu Zhou to hide in the grass at the side.

At this moment, a person was standing in a weed field in the distance. He was holding a gun and observing his surroundings.

The weeds around his feet were half the height of a person. They were in a mess, as if someone had stepped on them.

Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian looked at each other. They both felt that Chen Qing and Lina must have encountered danger in the waist-high weed field.

As Chen Qing and Lina's previous path was only a narrow path, the tall grass was not a serious problem. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Qiao Nian gave Gu Zhou a look, let go of his hand, and took out a silver needle from her bag.

The man who stayed behind was holding a gun and examining 360 degrees of the area, worried that there was something wrong.

Qiao Nian found the right moment and threw the silver needle out forcefully. The silver needle hit the man's sleeping acupoint accurately.