Chapter 1549 Search and Rescue

The man swayed twice, then fell to the ground.

Only then did Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian come out and tie this man to a tree not far away. They stood at the man's position and looked at the flattened grass pile that was half the height of a person. They frowned slightly and said, "Perhaps the grass here is too high. They didn't notice and accidentally slipped?"

Gu Zhou looked at the bent grass and said thoughtfully, "I suspect that Chen Qing did it on purpose."

When Qiao Nian heard Gu Zhou's words, she made a decision.

Chen Qing was such a shrewd person. How could he leave any traces behind? No matter what, he would hide them very well. He would never leave such obvious traces.

Could it be that Chen Qing wanted to put on a show for those pursuers?

Qiao Nian looked at Gu Zhou and said seriously, "Let's go down too!"

When Gu Zhou heard Qiao Nian's words, he nodded.

The two of them went down from the side. When they reached the bottom, Qiao Nian realized that the marks on the ground were very messy. She couldn't tell where Chen Qing had gone at all.

Qiao Nian looked around nervously, wanting to see if there were any clues.

Her gaze inadvertently fell on a tree. There was a stone beside a tree, and there were scratches on it. She looked at Gu Zhou not far away and hurriedly pulled him over.

"Yes, it's Chen Qing's mark," Gu Zhou said solemnly. Both he and Chen Qing would leave marks for each other. These marks were only known to the two of them. "Let's go!"

"Okay."

…

At this moment, in the cave. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Lina had been sitting at the far end of the cave, hugging her knees. Although there was no wind or rain in the cave, she was drenched. She was trembling in the cold. Even though she was curled up, she was still very cold.

Lina's gaze fell on her right ankle. She shook it slightly, and her face turned pale from the pain.

Chen Qing had been rummaging through the contents of the bag at the entrance of the cave. This bag was waterproof, and many things inside were still dry.

He took it out and put it aside. Finally, he carefully took out the square item in a waterproof bag and pulled out the fuse.

The fuse was very long. Chen Qing placed the item on the hole and pulled it in until it reached the innermost part.

After he was done, he glanced at Lina, who was sitting in the corner, and said, "Seventh Princess, it'll be a little loud later. Cover your ears."

When Lina heard Chen Qing's words, her body trembled slightly. She looked at Chen Qing not far away and saw that he had already found a lighter. She was so cold that she was trembling. "Okay."

With that, Lina covered her ears with her trembling hands.

At this moment, Chen Qing lit the fuse with fire. The flame slithered towards the hole like a snake.

"Bang!"

A violent sound shook the ground.

Before Lina could react, she saw Chen Qing light up another fuse.

Then, Chen Qing lit three more explosives, and the entire entrance of the cave was blocked by rocks.

Lina's eyes were filled with confusion. The entire cave was filled with smoke. She couldn't see Chen Qing and subconsciously stood up to look for him.

At this moment, Chen Qing walked out of the smoke. When he saw Lina sitting in the corner, he said in a low voice, "Don't worry, it'll be fine."

"Yes." Lina nodded. She leaned weakly against the wall, her body trembling.

Chen Qing didn't notice Lina's abnormality. He began to tidy up the food and drinks on the ground.

Second Young Master and Young Madam had already set off fireworks. If he and the Seventh Princess didn't rush over, Second Young Master and Young Madam would definitely realize that something was wrong.

There were many people chasing after them. He should have gone to look for Second Young Master and Second Young Madam, but those people's goal should be the Seventh Princess.

If he left the Seventh Princess alone here, she might be captured by those people.

However, he had already left a mark for Second Young Master and Second Young Madam along the way. If they came to look for him and the Seventh Princess, it probably wouldn't be long before they reached.