Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1554 Being Threatened

Before Cui Qi went up the mountain, he had long controlled all of Gu Zhou's people.

Gu Zhou was relatively powerful in An City, but this was Europe. Gu Zhou's strength here was reduced significantly. However, from another perspective, Gu Zhou was an outsider. How could he be Earl Mark's match?

Cui Qi gritted his teeth and looked at his opponent. He knew in his heart that either he or Gu Zhou would die today.

The reason why he did not make a move was because he wanted to know the whereabouts of the Seventh Princess from Gu Zhou.

He had come to the mountain this time mainly to capture the Seventh Princess. As long as the Seventh Princess was around, Earl Mark would be able to control the president again.

It was precisely because this matter was very important that he had used all his strength on this trip up the mountain. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Qiao Nian looked at the dark scar on Cui Qi's face and frowned slightly. She moved her fingers slightly.

Gu Zhou sensed Qiao Nian's cheap shot. He glanced at her.

Qiao Nian's expression was calm, without a trace of fear. It was as if she wasn't facing a gun at all.

Her fingers were filled with silver needles. Those silver needles were all tinged with poison, and it was fatal if they came into contact with blood.

Those people were very close to her. She was confident that she could hit them directly.

Gu Zhou had been with Qiao Nian for a long time, so he could naturally tell what she was planning to do. He gently squeezed Qiao Nian's hand, signaling for her to stop.

Puzzlement flashed in Qiao Nian's eyes.

Gu Zhou looked at Qiao Nian dotingly. His gaze fell on Cui Qi's face again. His obsidian-like eyes were calm as he asked coldly, "Are you that confident?"

When Cui Qi heard Gu Zhou's provocative words, his expression instantly turned ferocious. He bit his lower lip hard, and only calmed down after a while.

He smiled sinisterly and looked at Gu Zhou in front of him. He said sarcastically, "I didn't expect Second Young Master Gu to be so arrogant. Or do you think someone will save you?"

Without waiting for Gu Zhou to speak, Cui Qi continued, "Are you talking about those idiots at the foot of the mountain? I advise you not to count on them. They're already under control. It's impossible for them to save you."

Cui Qi pretended to be enlightened again. "Second Young Master Gu, do you think you can escape from a gun with a woman?"

As soon as Cui Qi finished speaking, Gu Zhou moved like a bolt of lightning. Before anyone could react, he had already snatched the gun from the person beside Cui Qi and aimed it at Cui Qi's heart.

When the man saw that the gun in his hand was gone, he was stunned. When he came back to his senses, he realized that his gun had already been snatched away by Gu Zhou. He was instantly so frightened that his face turned pale.

Was he still human with such speed?

Cui Qi's expression darkened as Gu Zhou pointed a gun at his chest. He looked at his subordinate with hatred written all over his face and kicked him in the stomach. His subordinate was sent flying three meters away, and his back slammed into a tree, causing him to fall to the ground in a sorry state.

Seeing Cui Qi's fiery expression, Gu Zhou slowly moved the pistol from Cui Qi's heart to his head. He slowly walked to Cui Qi's back with a calm smile on his face. "General Cui Qi, do you want to complete the mission with your life, or do you want to lose your life?"

Cui Qi's face turned pale. He watched helplessly as Gu Zhou walked behind him and held a gun to his head.

He wanted to resist, but he didn't see how Gu Zhou got to his side at all.

If he aimed a gun at Gu Zhou now, his head would probably explode the moment he moved.

Cui Qi pursed his lips tightly, as if he had thought of something. He smiled viciously and said, "Second Young Master Gu, even if you want my life, you don't have the ability to escape from me."

"Two fists are no match for four hands. Don't tell me Second Young Master Gu doesn't understand this principle?" Cui Qi said with a smile. "By the way, Second Young Master Gu, even if you can escape, what about your delicate wife? Do you want to see how we ravage your delicate wife?"

As soon as Cui Qi finished speaking, Qiao Nian raised her hand. The smile on Cui Qi's face instantly froze. He looked at Qiao Nian in disbelief.

Strange, what was wrong with his face? Why couldn't he move? Why couldn't he speak? He opened his mouth in vain. Just now, he had only seen Qiao Nian raise her hand. He didn't know what else happened.