Chapter 1558 Lack of Trust

"How many people did you bring?" Gu Zhou's mind raced as he made a plan.

Cui Qi said expressionlessly, "A total of 3,600."

Gu Zhou looked at the mercenary leader and said in a low voice, "Go and check if the numbers match."

"Yes." Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Cui Qi looked up at Gu Zhou, a trace of confusion flashing in his eyes. He didn't understand what Gu Zhou was doing. He narrowed his eyes slightly, as if he had thought of something. "What are you doing?"

"General Cui, is this something you should be concerned about?" Gu Zhou said coldly, his gaze landing not far away. "You should worry about yourself first."

"I'll make all of them retreat," Cui Qi said impatiently, worried that Gu Zhou would not agree. "I'll make them never attack the Seventh Princess again. Don't kill them."

"General Cui, you've thought it through." Gu Zhou raised his eyebrows slightly, his gaze falling on Cui Qi's face. "They only listen to you, but you treat Earl Mark's orders as an imperial edict. Do you think I'll believe you?"

Cui Qi frowned. He had never expected himself to fall to such a state.

Gu Zhou asked the mercenary leader to bring those people to his manor in Europe. He would let them out after everything was over.

The large group of people lined up and went down the mountain in a grandiose manner.

Cui Qi slowly closed his eyes and was taken away as well.

Qiao Nian looked at Cui Qi's back as he was carried away and frowned slightly.

Cui Qi was really too cunning. If only he wasn't following Mark's order. If he were under the president, he would definitely be able to achieve something big.

If Qiao Nian remembered correctly, the previous generations of the Cui family had all worked for the European President. However, it was different in Cui Qi's generation.

Qiao Nian slowly lowered her gaze. It seemed that Cui Qi had a lot of entanglements with the president.

Just as Qiao Nian was deep in thought, Gu Zhou walked to her side and said softly, "It's still raining. Follow them back first. Take a bath and change your clothes in case you fall ill."

Qiao Nian shook her head gently and grabbed Gu Zhou's hand. "It's getting late. Let's go look for Lina and Chen Qing. I wonder how they're doing now."

Gu Zhou was not worried about Chen Qing and Lina. In his opinion, the danger on the mountain had already been resolved. Under such circumstances, if Chen Qing could not protect Lina well, he would simply need a replacement.

When the leader of the mercenaries heard the words "Lina", he walked up to Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian. He first nodded politely at Qiao Nian as a greeting, then looked at Gu Zhou and asked, "Second Young Master, do you have the whereabouts of the Seventh Princess?"

Only then did Qiao Nian notice that some of the mercenaries had already left with Cui Qi's men. Some of them seemed to be staying here to look for someone.

The mercenary leader frowned slightly, as if he was very worried about the Seventh Princess.

Gu Zhou pointed in the direction Chen Qing had marked previously and said, "They're in that direction."

The leader followed Gu Zhou's finger and nodded gently. Then, he took out his walkie-talkie and instructed his subordinates to look in the direction Gu Zhou had pointed out.

After everyone left, Gu Zhou's gaze fell on Qiao Nian's face. Seeing Qiao Nian looking at him curiously, he explained softly, "These are all mercenaries privately trained by the previous president of Europe."

Qiao Nian was slightly stunned. She looked at Gu Zhou curiously and asked in confusion, "The old president's mercenaries? Don't they listen to the current president?"

"They do whatever they want with the current president's orders. The president can't force them."

"Why?" Qiao Nian's eyes were filled with confusion. Those people seemed to be very concerned about Lina. Logically speaking, they should also care about the current president.

"The old president was assassinated. The mercenary leader has always suspected that the murderer was one of the three people, the president, Mark, or Harry. Therefore, they have always protected the royal grandchildren and won't completely listen to the president," Gu Zhou explained softly.

"Are they working with you?" Qiao Nian asked, raising her eyebrows slightly.

"Yes." Gu Zhou nodded and continued, "I've already investigated it for them. The president shouldn't be the murderer."