Chapter 1559 Something's Wrong

"Oh." Qiao Nian nodded slightly. It seemed that Gu Zhou had already contacted those mercenaries yesterday, which was why they were here today.

Qiao Nian felt that Mark couldn't hold back anymore and deliberately attacked.

However, what puzzled Qiao Nian was that they had only confirmed at the last minute that they would be coming to Cliff Mountain to look for the Colorful Fungus, but those people were able to set up an attack in advance. It seemed that Mark's strength couldn't be underestimated.

At the thought of Mark, Gu Zhou's expression instantly darkened, his eyes filled with coldness.

This time, Mark had sent more than a thousand people. It seemed that he wanted to use Lina to exchange for Annie's safety. However, this time, Mark had suffered a double loss. He just didn't know what other tricks Mark had up his sleeve.

Qiao Nian looked around. Her gaze inadvertently fell on the mountainside. Seeing the messy pile of stones, she frowned slightly.

There were many messy stones on the mountain, but only that pile seemed a little out of place. The stones looked a little new. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Stones that had been exposed to the elements for a long time were different from stones that had never been exposed to wind and rain.

Qiao Nian took a few steps forward, picked up the binoculars, and took a closer look. Her frown deepened.

Previously, she had heard a strange sound, but Cui Qi's appearance at that time made her ignore it.

Now that she thought about it, that voice was a little suspicious.

She was very sure that it was definitely not Cui Qi who had caused the commotion.

If Cui Qi wanted to arrest someone quickly, he would only do it secretly. He would never make a commotion to scare people.

Suddenly, Qiao Nian's eyes lit up. She seemed to have thought of something and looked at Gu Zhou. "Let's go there."

Gu Zhou looked in the direction Qiao Nian was pointing and frowned. He was about to persuade Qiao Nian to go back and rest when Qiao Nian walked over.

A trace of helplessness flashed in Gu Zhou's eyes. Then, he smiled and followed.

Qiao Nian walked under the stone wall and looked at the old and brand new stones on the ground. She knew what to do.

Qiao Nian got the mercenaries to prepare a ladder. The leader was the first to climb it. Qiao Nian was the second to follow, followed by Gu Zhou.

When they stood at the side, Qiao Nian saw a large pile of brand new stones that were completely different from the stones in the surrounding mountains.

"They should be here," Qiao Nian said with certainty.

The leader only glanced at the stones and checked his surroundings. Seeing that it didn't look like anyone had been there at all, a trace of surprise flashed in his eyes. He frowned slightly and asked, "Where?"

Qiao Nian got the people below to come up and take off the brand new stones. The stones rolled to the ground, causing waves of water to splash.

When a layer of stones fell, everyone could smell gunpowder.

The leader's eyes lit up. He looked at Qiao Nian in disbelief. He really hadn't expected the Second Young Madam to be so capable.

Gu Zhou called out in a low voice, "Chen Qing?"

There was no movement.

Gu Zhou waited for a while, then raised his voice and called out "Chen Qing" again.

But there was still no movement inside.

Gu Zhou frowned slightly and looked into the stone wall in confusion. Then, he carefully examined his surroundings. The falling stones here were indeed man-made.

Why was there no one inside?

Gu Zhou retreated to Qiao Nian's side and said solemnly, "How is it?"

When the leader heard Qiao Nian's words, he looked at Gu Zhou nervously.

Gu Zhou frowned, his eyes dark. He said in a low voice, "They should be inside."

The leader was puzzled. There had been no sound from inside just now. Why did Second Young Master Gu still think that there was someone in the cave?

Gu Zhou continued, "I just checked the situation outside and vaguely saw the marks of the gunpowder. Those marks are often placed by Chen Qing."

Initially, Gu Zhou was not worried about Chen Qing's safety, but now his expression darkened and his eyes narrowed slightly.

Soon, at Gu Zhou's signal, the mercenary leader brought the small explosives over. He blew up the hole with the small explosives.

The entrance of the cave exploded. Gu Zhou, Qiao Nian, and the mercenary leader went in. They took a few steps in and turned a corner. They saw Chen Qing and Lina hugging each other tightly, their clothes disheveled. The two of them were completely unconscious.