Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1563 Guarding Her

Although Doctor Ollie had never been to An City, he still knew about the Gu family in An City. He had also heard that Second Young Master Gu was not in good health. Worried that Gu Zhou would take things too hard, he hurriedly comforted him. "Second Young Master Gu, I will definitely do my best to treat Miss Qiao."

When Gu Zhou heard Dr. Ollie's words, he said solemnly, "Thank you."

Seeing that Gu Zhou's face was pale, Doctor Ollie was worried that Gu Zhou would fall ill because of his discomfort. He asked, "Second Young Master Gu, let me examine your body again. You don't look well."

"There's no need. I'm fine. I'll go accompany her." As Gu Zhou spoke, he walked towards Qiao Nian's ward.

Doctor Ollie hurriedly got someone to add another bed to Qiao Nian's ward. That way, Gu Zhou could lie down for a while.

When Qiao Nian woke up again, sunlight filtered through the curtains. She was about to sit up when Gu Zhou pressed down on her shoulder.

"Don't move yet. You're on an IV drip." Gu Zhou's voice was gentle, but there was a hint of doting.

Qiao Nian looked over and saw Gu Zhou sitting by her bed, a gentle smile on his face.

The moment she woke up, she saw Gu Zhou. She felt so happy.

Qiao Nian couldn't help but smile. She glanced out of the window and asked worriedly, "Have you slept?"

"I've slept. I just woke up." Gu Zhou reached out and scratched Qiao Nian's nose with a gentle expression.

Qiao Nian thought of Chen Qing and Lina and asked worriedly, "How are Chen Qing and Lina now?"

When Gu Zhou heard Qiao Nian's words, his eyes were filled with helplessness. Then, he ruffled Qiao Nian's hair dotingly. Meeting those sparkling big eyes, he said, "Why didn't you ask about your condition? You even had an injection!"

Qiao Nian knew that she must have been too tired previously, which was why she had fainted. She didn't take it to heart. However, she was worried that Gu Zhou would be angry. She said obediently, "I'll definitely rest well in the future."

Gu Zhou looked at Qiao Nian's face and the anger in his chest instantly disappearing. He recalled what Qiao Nian had done during this period of time.

He knew in his heart that Qiao Nian wanted the president and the others to trust her. In Gu Zhou's opinion, what happened twenty years ago could be investigated slowly. Qiao Nian's health was the most important.

Gu Zhou also understood that Qiao Nian really treated Lina as a good friend. Perhaps it was because of Qiao Nian's friendship that he could sense her sincerity.

In the past, he had seen many fights between women. Even old friends would be unscrupulous.

It was as if when one grew up, one would no longer have friends.

However, Qiao Nian's appearance broke all of this. It made him realize that those people weren't good enough themselves, so they used ruthless methods.

Gu Zhou was really worried that something would happen to Qiao Nian. He pursed his lips and looked at Qiao Nian's face worriedly. In a low voice, he said, "Xiao Qi called this morning and wanted to chat with you, but it wasn't convenient for you to pick up the phone. Xiao Qi was a little unhappy when he saw you."

When Qiao Nian heard "Xiao Qi", her eyes were filled with gentleness, and her lips curved up involuntarily.

During this period of time, they had been so busy investigating the kidnapping twenty years ago that they had basically no time to contact the children.

At the thought of this, Qiao Nian asked worriedly, "How have the three of them been recently?"

"They went to school obediently. Nothing has happened in An City." At this point, Gu Zhou seemed to have thought of something and paused. "They're only concerned about one thing."

Qiao Nian frowned and asked worriedly, "Are they concerned about when we'll go back?"

Without waiting for Gu Zhou to speak, she sighed helplessly. "I wonder when our matter will end. I really want to see them."

It wasn't easy to find the children, but they had no choice but to be separated for the time being.

Gu Zhou held Qiao Nian's hand and gently stroked it. His gaze fell on Qiao Nian's face, and his eyes were filled with desire. His thin lips parted slightly. "They're concerned about when they'll have younger siblings."

Qiao Nian was slightly stunned, then she reacted.

These children were really too good at asking her to give birth! Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

In the past, when she read reports, it was always the elders who wanted more grandchildren. But when it came to her, it was different. Her children wanted her to give birth.