Chapter 1564 Stop fooling around

Qiao Nian looked at Gu Zhou and raised her head slightly. "Stop fooling around."

Gu Zhou looked at Qiao Nian's serious face and roughly understood what she meant. A trace of helplessness flashed in his eyes, but he teased, "Don't you want another child?"

Gu Zhou's expression was very serious, as if he really wanted another child.

Qiao Nian met Gu Zhou's affectionate eyes and couldn't help but follow his thoughts.

Another child.

The image of her giving birth instantly appeared in her mind. At that time, she was hugging a baby's corpse and crying hysterically.

At the thought of this, Qiao Nian couldn't help but shiver. Instinctively, she wanted to retract her hand, but Gu Zhou's grip was very tight.

Gu Zhou looked at the pain in Qiao Nian's eyes. Previously, when he heard that Qiao Nian had thought that she had given birth to a stillbirth, he was extremely sad.

He roughly understood why Qiao Nian didn't want to have children again. He stood up and planted a gentle kiss on Qiao Nian's forehead before sitting back down. He met Qiao Nian's curved eyes and smiled. "I'm just teasing you!"

"You…"

"I don't want another child." Gu Zhou held Qiao Nian's hand tightly and said gently, "I don't want another child to take away your…"

He paused and mouthed the word "love".

Qiao Nian's face turned slightly red. Her lips curved up involuntarily, but she still pretended to be calm and coughed.

Seeing that Qiao Nian was so shy that her ears had turned red, Gu Zhou didn't expose her. Instead, he glanced at the IV drip and saw that it was empty. He said softly, "I'll call the nurse."

With that, Gu Zhou stood up and kissed Qiao Nian's forehead lightly, then left. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Qiao Nian nodded gently. Actually, she could pull out the needle herself. Since Gu Zhou was willing to do it, she would naturally wait obediently.

Qiao Nian lay on the bed and looked at the IV drip, her thoughts gradually drifting away.

At this moment, footsteps came from outside the door. Qiao Nian retracted her thoughts and looked towards the door. She saw Gu Zhou walking in with Professor Ollie.

After Professor Ollie entered, he took a closer look at Qiao Nian's face. Seeing that her face was a little flushed, he heaved a sigh of relief. After removing the needle for Qiao Nian, he asked with concern, "Miss Qiao, how do you feel now?"

Seeing Professor Ollie's concerned expression, Qiao Nian smiled and said, "Sorry to trouble you, Professor Ollie. I'm fine now. Please tell the president that I'm fine."

When Professor Ollie heard Qiao Nian's words, the admiration in his eyes became even more obvious. Qiao Nian was really the kindest doctor in the world. She was always selflessly thinking for others.

Professor Ollie smiled and said, "Yes, I'll definitely tell the president."

Professor Ollie left after instructing Qiao Nian to rest well. It was really inappropriate for him to stand there and interfere in the couple's conversation.

After Professor Ollie left, Qiao Nian sat up and prepared to get out of bed. Gu Zhou raised the pillow and placed it behind her. "You just received your injection. Wait for a while before getting out of bed."

Smiling, Qiao Nian leaned against the bed. Her gaze fell on Gu Zhou's face and she asked, "Have you had breakfast?"

"Let's eat together later!"

Gu Zhou pressed the cotton swab on Qiao Nian's hand, which had just been injected. Her hand was cold. He covered her hand with both hands, wanting to warm her up.

Qiao Nian noticed Gu Zhou's small actions. The smile in her eyes was about to overflow.

She still remembered the Gu Zhou she had seen back then. He was a cold and heartless person. At that time, he was unwilling to touch any woman.

Previously, when Annie touched Gu Zhou's clothes, Gu Zhou dislocated her hand without hesitation. He was cold to everyone but her.

This kind of favoritism warmed Qiao Nian's heart. She really hadn't expected to meet such a good husband.

There was a knock on the door.

"Please come in," Qiao Nian said with a smile.

At this moment, the door opened. Lina stood at the door. She couldn't help but smile and quickly walked to the bed. "Nian Nian, how are you now? Do you feel better?"

After saying so much in one breath, Lina was still a little dizzy and couldn't breathe. She had just woken up and hadn't recovered fully.

She found out from the nurse that Nian Nian had fainted, so she couldn't wait to run over.