Chapter 1565 Doubts

Qiao Nian smiled at Lina and said softly, "I'm fine."

Lina glanced at the stool at the side and pulled it over to sit down. She placed her hands on her knees and treated Gu Zhou as invisible. "Fortunately, you're awake. When my mother heard that you had fainted, she kept pestering Dad to ask about your condition."

When Gu Zhou heard Lina's words, a trace of surprise flashed in his eyes.

A trace of surprise flashed across Qiao Nian's face. "Madam President?"

Lina nodded and said seriously, "Nian Nian, my mother likes you very much and cares about you, so when she found out that you were sick, she was extremely anxious. I'll call her later and tell her that you're awake so she won't be so anxious that she can't eat. When that happens, she'll definitely be very happy."

Qiao Nian thought of Madam President's happy and innocent expression and couldn't help but smile.

There was no one who wouldn't like pure people.

When Qiao Nian heard Lina's words, she smiled and said, "I'll see Madam at noon. I can help her with basic treatment."

When Lina heard Qiao Nian's words, she frowned slightly and shook her head in disapproval. "Nian Nian, you fainted. Why don't you rest for a few days? Don't tire yourself out."

"I'm really fine now." Qiao Nian smiled. She moved her fingers slightly, her gaze landing on Gu Zhou's face. "I don't think it'll bleed anymore. Let's go eat!"

Gu Zhou didn't respond immediately. Instead, he picked up the cotton swab. Seeing that the needle hole on the back of Qiao Nian's hand was no longer bleeding, he let go of her hand and threw the cotton swab into the trash can at the side. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Lina looked at Gu Zhou holding Qiao Nian's hand. In a daze, she recalled how Chen Qing had helped her suck out the snake venom last night. Her face turned red uncontrollably, and she felt that her waist and ankles were burning.

The three of them went to the nearest cafeteria. After dinner, Qiao Nian looked at Lina and asked, "Lina, do you know where Annie is now?"

"Sister Annie?" Lina looked at Qiao Nian in surprise and asked, "I heard from Dad that she's locked up in the interrogation room. There are many people guarding outside. Are you going to see her?"

As Lina spoke, she glanced at Gu Zhou from the corner of her eye and gave Qiao Nian a look, as if asking again, "Did Annie do something overboard to Gu Zhou?"

Qiao Nian understood Lina's gaze and shook her head gently. She continued, "No, don't you think what happened last night was very strange?"

When Lina heard Qiao Nian's words, a trace of confusion flashed in her eyes.

In the past, she had often been intercepted by Uncle Mark's people when she went out. That was why she had met Uncle Mark's people on the Cliff Mountain this time. She didn't think too much about it. She just felt that Uncle Mark had been getting someone to follow her. After all, Uncle Mark was considered very powerful in Europe.

Moreover, now that Dad had captured Sister Annie, Uncle Mark would definitely want to capture her and force Dad to let Sister Annie go.

However, from Qiao Nian's words, that didn't seem to be the case. She frowned slightly.

Seeing that Gu Zhou was also looking at her, Qiao Nian said, "There were at least a hundred cars leaving the palace yesterday to look for Colorful Fungus. How did those people follow us accurately? Moreover, they sent so many people to chase after us."

Qiao Nian paused for a moment and continued, "The only explanation is that Mark knew which car we were in and was following us accurately! This means…"

Lina's heart instantly tensed up. Frowning, she asked, "What does that mean?"

"There are people under Mark in the palace." Qiao Nian enunciated each word clearly, staring unblinkingly at Lina. "If there's a traitor and he tells Mark about our plan in advance, it explains everything."

As soon as Qiao Nian finished speaking, the temperature in the entire dining hall seemed to drop in an instant.

"How… how is this possible?" Lina said, her voice trembling. She shook her head. "Dad was worried that Mark would enter the palace to harm Mom, so every guard in the palace was screened carefully. The families of the guards are also under our observation. These guards are absolutely loyal to my father!"