Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1566 Shy

"I believe you." Qiao Nian smiled at Lina and continued, "However, what you're saying is all in the past. There's another person in the palace now."

"Another person?" Lina murmured. Suddenly, a light flashed in her eyes. She felt as if she had been struck by lightning and stood rooted to the ground, not daring to move.

That's right, there was another person in the palace.

That person was none other than Sister Annie.

Lina finally understood why Nian Nian wanted to see Sister Annie. She frowned slightly. "Nian Nian, do you suspect that Sister Annie leaked the news?"

Qiao Nian didn't speak. She wasn't completely confident, but she would definitely know the answer when she saw Annie this time. This was what she had thought of when she woke up. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

She didn't understand how Annie had spread the word, but she knew in her heart that Annie had thought it through. If this worked, Annie would be free again.

It seemed that Mark didn't care about Annie's safety as much as he said.

"I'll know the answer when I see her," Qiao Nian said thoughtfully and lowered her gaze slightly.

Gu Zhou naturally understood what Qiao Nian meant. He said in a low voice, "Yes, let Chen Qing go with you."

When Lina heard the word "Chen Qing", her ears couldn't help but turn red again. She pursed her lips slightly.

When she woke up, she wanted to see Chen Qing, but she was a little embarrassed.

Later on, she secretly went to Chen Qing's ward, but there was no one there.

Qiao Nian glanced at Lina. Seeing that Lina was avoiding her gaze, she suggested, "Lina, can you come with me?"

"Okay," Lina agreed without thinking.

Gu Zhou could also tell what Lina was thinking. He took out his phone and sent Chen Qing a message.

About half an hour later, footsteps came from outside.

Chen Qing walked in, wearing a well-tailored suit. He looked as if he had completely recovered. His gaze fell on Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian and he said, "Second Young Master and Second Young Madam."

In the end, he looked at Lina, who was sitting opposite Qiao Nian, and said calmly, "Seventh Princess."

Lina looked up at Chen Qing, the tips of her ears turning red again. Her hands, which were on her knees, couldn't help but grip her skirt tightly. She nodded and asked nervously, "Are… are you feeling better?"

Her voice trembled, betraying her nervous heart.

"I've already recovered," Chen Qing said calmly.

When Lina heard Chen Qing's words, she wanted to say something. Her mouth opened for a long time, but she couldn't say a word.

She still had a lot to say to Chen Qing, but she didn't know what to say. She just stared unblinkingly at Chen Qing.

Qiao Nian glanced at Gu Zhou and gave him a look. Gu Zhou looked at Chen Qing and said, "Go with Madam to see Annie later, in case Annie attacks her."

"Yes." Chen Qing's expression turned serious. Thinking of how Annie had deliberately thrown a sharp stone at Lina, he thought to himself that he had to be fully alert.

Gu Zhou looked down at Qiao Nian and said in a low voice, "Be more careful when the time comes. Don't get injured. I'll go see the president."

"I understand. Don't worry." Qiao Nian smiled and looked at Gu Zhou gently.

When Gu Zhou heard Qiao Nian's words, a trace of a smile flashed in his eyes. "If you're not feeling well, you should go back and rest early."

"Okay." Qiao Nian's heart warmed. She stared unblinkingly at Gu Zhou.

In Gu Zhou's heart, her health was the most important. Nothing else was that important.

Moreover, he would always support her unconditionally to do whatever she wanted.

It was really difficult not to be touched by Gu Zhou's actions.

Qiao Nian licked her lips, her gaze landing on Gu Zhou's.

Even though Qiao Nian didn't say anything, Gu Zhou could already tell what she was thinking. He also understood that Qiao Nian was too embarrassed to take the initiative in front of outsiders.

At this moment, Qiao Nian moved slightly closer to Gu Zhou and kissed him.

Gu Zhou's pupils dilated slightly. He looked at Qiao Nian in disbelief, feeling very pleased with Qiao Nian's kiss.