Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1567 Indifference

Qiao Nian rarely made out with him in front of outsiders. Gu Zhou's lips curved up slightly, and there was a hint of a smile in his eyes. He nodded. "Go."

Lina sat opposite Qiao Nian, taking in the scene of Qiao Nian and Gu Zhou kissing. Her heart was in a mess as she looked at Chen Qing uneasily.

Chen Qing lowered his gaze slightly and looked down, as if everything around him had nothing to do with him. It was as if nothing would attract his attention.

Lina recalled that in the cave, Chen Qing had helped her suck out the snake poison without hesitation. He must have known that if he sucked out the snake poison, he would very likely be poisoned.

But he still did it anyway.

When she said that she was cold, Chen Qing hugged her without hesitation.

Lina also knew very well that the reason Chen Qing did as he was told was definitely not because he liked her, but because he was responsible.

If the two of them were in love, what Chen Qing did would move her and make her love him even more.

However, the two of them did not have that kind of relationship.

When she usually interacted with Chen Qing, he had a cold expression, as if he was a bystander. Everything around him had nothing to do with him.

Lina lowered her gaze in disappointment. She slowly stood up and walked up to Chen Qing.

When Chen Qing saw Lina coming over, he glanced at her and looked away.

Lina took a step forward and raised her head slightly, staring unblinkingly at Chen Qing. Chen Qing, who had his head lowered, happened to see Lina's face. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Her hands, which were naturally hanging by her sides, clenched nervously. She mustered her courage and asked softly, "We'll only be gone for a while. Go back and rest early later. Doctor Ollie said that you were poisoned more deeply than me. It's best if you rest more. I've already asked him to prescribe a nutritious meal for you. I'll get the servants to send you food later."

Chen Qing sensed that Lina was very close. There was no way to retreat because there was a wall behind him. He didn't understand why Lina was talking to him so closely.

Chen Qing glanced to his right. He wanted to walk to the right, but Lina was too close. If he moved, he might bump into her.

After some thought, Chen Qing chose not to move. He said calmly, "Thank you for your concern, Seventh Princess. I'm already much better. Doctor Ollie has also said that I can eat normally."

When Lina heard Chen Qing's words, she looked up at him. She noticed that Chen Qing was avoiding her gaze. She raised her eyebrows slightly and looked at Chen Qing with a burning gaze, as if she wanted to see his heart through his eyes.

Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian, who were sitting at the table, saw Lina and Chen Qing's interaction. Qiao Nian's lips curved up slightly as she said softly, "Go ahead."

"Okay." Gu Zhou walked out, preparing to look for the president.

Qiao Nian stood up and her gaze landed gently on Lina's face. She said gently, "Lina, let's go!"

When Lina heard Qiao Nian's voice, she lowered her gaze in disappointment. When she turned around, a sweet smile appeared on her face. "Okay."

Seeing Qiao Nian and Lina walking in front, Chen Qing silently followed.

Lina knew where the interrogation room was. She was in charge of leading the way. She didn't say much along the way. She was thinking about Chen Qing.

Qiao Nian didn't speak either. Her eyes were cold, without a trace of warmth.

When she arrived at the interrogation room, Qiao Nian saw two people standing at the door.

Lina said to Qiao Nian, "This is the interrogation room."

The two people at the door of the interrogation room immediately stood up straight and greeted respectfully, "Seventh Princess, Miss Qiao."

Lina nodded slightly.

Qiao Nian glanced at the door of the interrogation room and asked, "Have you been guarding this place?"

The guards in the palace were all personally chosen by the president. They were basically dutiful. One of them stepped forward and said, "Miss Qiao, we guard the room other than during mealtimes when we eat in the room on the left. For the rest of the time, the four of us will split into two groups and take turns guarding Annie 24 hours a day."

Qiao Nian lowered her gaze slightly, her mind racing. She seemed to have thought of something and looked up at the guard who had spoken. "Then when you rest, will you stay in the palace or leave?"