Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1568 Inquiry

Although the guard didn't know what Qiao Nian meant by this, he still said honestly, "We can stay in the palace or leave. There are no restrictions."

When Qiao Nian heard the guard's words, she frowned slightly and said, "What time do you change shifts?"

"At six in the afternoon," the guard said.

"Alright, when that happens, please don't leave yet. I have some things to ask," Qiao Nian said very politely.

The guard hurriedly agreed. "Okay, Miss Qiao." Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Miss Qiao was Madam President's doctor and a good friend of the Seventh Princess. Of course they had to listen to Qiao Nian.

Qiao Nian glanced at the door of the interrogation room. Thinking of Annie's arrogant expression, she frowned slightly and continued, "Open the door. I want to see Annie."

The guard looked a little hesitant. Previously, the president had already said that outsiders were not allowed to see Annie. They didn't know if they should let Qiao Nian see Annie.

Lina also knew that her father had once given an order. She said, "Open the door. I'll explain to my father when the time comes."

"Yes!" One of the guards agreed. He took out a key and opened the door of the interrogation room.

Qiao Nian walked in. She seemed to have thought of something and stopped. She looked at the guard beside her and asked, "Has anyone else seen Annie before?"

"Other than the few of us taking turns delivering food, no one else has entered," the guard said calmly.

Qiao Nian nodded slightly.

Seeing that Qiao Nian was about to walk in, Lina recalled Annie's fierce expression. She quickened her pace and walked up to Qiao Nian, as if to protect her.

There was a strange smell in the interrogation room. The moment Qiao Nian walked in, she saw Annie lying on the ground like a broken doll, her hands and feet tied with chains.

When Annie saw Qiao Nian, her venomous snake-like eyes immediately landed on her face.

Annie barely managed to sit up straight. Her gaze fell on Lina and Qiao Nian's faces.

Qiao Nian's gaze fell on Annie's face. At this moment, there were traces of beating on her face. She had lost a lot of weight, and her gaze was so vicious that it made one feel uncomfortable.

The downtrodden Annie was like a poisonous snake with its tail cut off. Even before she spoke, Qiao Nian could already sense Annie's hatred.

Annie smiled coldly. Her gaze fell on Lina's face and she said coldly, "I really didn't expect you to still be alive!"

Annie's voice was a little hoarse. She looked at Lina sinisterly, her hands gripping the hem of her dress tightly.

How did this happen?

That was Cui Qi, the sharpest knife in his father's hand. How could Cui Qi fail?

Could it be that Cui Qi did not make a move at all?

No, that was impossible!

Her father would never abandon her. She was her father's only child. Her father loved her the most.

Could something have gone wrong?

Annie was just trying to get information out of them.

When Lina heard Annie's words, her expression instantly darkened. She frowned and said, "Are you very sad to see us safe and sound? Let me tell you, we don't take your tricks seriously at all!"

Lina was now 100% certain that it was Annie who had tipped them off.

Annie was clearly tied up tightly. How had she gotten the message out?

At this moment, compared to Lina's anger, Annie's expression was even uglier.

Her father had not abandoned her. Her father still cared about her.

Why had Cui Qi failed?

Annie was puzzled. Her gaze finally landed on Qiao Nian's face.

She knew very well what kind of person Lina was. She was very sure that Lina didn't have the ability to protect herself. In other words, Qiao Nian had protected Lina.

Qiao Nian.

This woman was really like a lingering ghost. If it weren't for this woman, she would have seduced Gu Zhou long ago.

Annie looked at Lina coldly and said sarcastically, "My good sister, you're really naive. You're so stupid that I'm not even interested in attacking you. If you didn't have a father who's the president, do you think an idiot like you would appear in front of me?"