Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1569 Enraged

Lina's face turned red with anger. Of course she knew that Annie was envious and jealous of her, but she just couldn't stand Lina showing off in front of her. Just as she was about to say something, Qiao Nian grabbed her arm.

Qiao Nian slowly walked up to Lina and looked down at Annie. She said casually, "So that's why you're locked up in the interrogation room. You're the one who lost your freedom."

When Annie heard Qiao Nian's voice, her expression changed. She glared fiercely at Qiao Nian, her expression ferocious.

If it weren't for Qiao Nian, her father would definitely have been able to do whatever he wanted. She would still be the most powerful princess.

Why had the heavens sent Qiao Nian here!

Annie swallowed and tried hard to remain calm. Gritting her teeth, she said, "You are so hypocritical. Qiao Nian, you're also a ruthless person. You broke up your adoptive parents and made them live in pain! Someone like you should go to hell as soon as possible!"

"What nonsense are you spouting!" When Lina heard Annie's words, she took a step forward in exasperation and said angrily, "I won't allow anyone to badmouth Nian Nian."

Annie lowered her gaze slightly, her gaze falling on the nails on her hands. She had dug out most of the diamonds on her nails, leaving only sharp nails.

"If you know, you know. If you don't know, you don't know. A prisoner like you who doesn't know much can only talk." Qiao Nian's gaze swept across Annie's body, her expression filled with disdain. "It'll be difficult for you to stand up now!" Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Annie's expression changed drastically. She wanted to pretend to be calm, but she couldn't help it. Qiao Nian's every word was like a sharp blade stabbing into Annie's heart.

She looked up at Qiao Nian and gritted her teeth. "Why are you here?"

Lina frowned and questioned, "Were you the one who leaked the news that we went to Cliff Mountain?"

When Annie heard Lina's words, she laughed wildly.

Lina's face turned red with anger. "What are you laughing at!"

Annie laughed until her stomach hurt. Holding her stomach with both hands, she said mockingly, "God, why are you so unfair? Someone so stupid is actually the president's daughter."

"Annie, don't think that just because you don't admit it, we can't do anything to you…"

Before Lina could finish speaking, Annie interrupted her mercilessly.

"Where's the evidence?" Annie raised her eyebrows provocatively. Pursing her lips, she questioned with a wicked smile, "Without evidence, you can only lock me up here. There's nothing you can do to me. I'm my father's only daughter. He'll definitely bring me home."

Annie paused for a moment and continued, "I'm afraid it won't be that easy for you to sentence me to death! Aren't you afraid that my father and Third Uncle will join forces?"

Lina frowned and looked at Annie coldly. She had turned on the recording before entering the interrogation room. As long as Annie admitted it, the recording could be handed over as physical evidence.

Unfortunately, Annie refused to talk.

Annie retracted her gaze from Lina's face and looked at Qiao Nian. She saw Qiao Nian looking at her with a faint smile.

When she met the coldness in Qiao Nian's eyes, she couldn't help but shiver.

For some reason, Annie had a bad feeling about this.

Annie gripped her skirt tightly and questioned, "Why are you looking at me like that? Why? Did I say something wrong?"

Qiao Nian shook her head gently. Her gaze fell on Annie's face and she said calmly, "Your crime of attempting to murder Madam President has been established. Do you think you can still get out alive?"

"I can!" Annie raised her head high. She supported herself on the ground and slowly stood up.

Even though her entire body hurt terribly, she still stood up like a princess. Her gaze fell on Qiao Nian's face and she said firmly, "I'll live better than you."

"You also committed the crime of attempting to assassinate the Seventh Princess," Qiao Nian said lightly. Seeing Annie frown, she said, "I'm afraid you won't get what you want."

"You're deliberately slandering me. The court is particular about evidence." Annie swallowed and tried hard to remain calm. She continued, "I didn't assassinate Madam President, nor did I assassinate that fool, Lina. If you want to sue me, fine. Show me the evidence!"