Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1571 Lure

Annie said nothing. Those steady eyes betrayed her heart.

Live.

She had never thought that she would die.

She just wanted to live well and enjoy the beauty of this world.

Even if she lost her freedom for a moment, she had countless private assets. As long as she was willing to fork out a little money, someone would definitely be willing to risk their life for her freedom.

Annie had never felt that a small room could trap her for long.

Qiao Nian continued, "As long as you're willing to expose the mastermind, you'll just be an accomplice. Your crimes aren't serious. I don't think the prison will hold you for long." nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

When Annie heard Qiao Nian's words, she laughed wantonly. Tears streamed down her face. She looked at Qiao Nian with red-rimmed eyes, as if she wanted to eat her up.

Seeing Annie like this, Lina frowned slightly. She walked up to Qiao Nian and shielded her behind her. She was worried that Annie, who had gone crazy, would attack Qiao Nian.

Annie laughed out loud. In the end, she looked at Qiao Nian ferociously. "The mastermind? Who is it? Why don't I know?"

Qiao Nian didn't speak. She just smiled at Annie.

"What mastermind? You're deliberately luring me to accuse my father!" Annie gripped the chain around her tightly and looked at Qiao Nian ferociously, panting heavily. "You're simply a demon!"

"Annie, what I just asked was for you to reveal the mastermind, but you said that I asked you to accuse your father." Qiao Nian's expression was as calm as ever. There was a trace of a smile in her eyes as she continued, "Or have you already taken the initiative to confess that all of this was done by Earl Mark?"

A trace of panic flashed across Annie's face. She smashed her hand against the ground!

The chains rattled against the tiles. She frowned at Qiao Nian.

Qiao Nian was a woman with many thoughts. She had to be fully alert when talking to Qiao Nian. Otherwise, she would be tricked by Qiao Nian if she wasn't careful.

"You can only do this much if you play word games with me." Annie had a paranoid expression and a strange smile on her face. She continued, "However, I can do as you wish!"

Qiao Nian was slightly stunned. She hadn't expected Annie to be willing to accuse Mark.

Strange.

She had a nagging feeling that something was wrong, but she couldn't put her finger on it.

Logically speaking, Annie should be stubborn.

A vicious smile appeared on Annie's face. Her gaze fell on Qiao Nian's face, and she naturally took in the changes on Qiao Nian's face. She raised her hand to wipe the tears off her face.

"He gave up on me first. I'm his daughter, his only daughter." The more Annie spoke, the sadder she became. Tears streamed down her face, but her tone was as cold as ever. "But he doesn't have the confidence to treat me as his daughter at all. If he really cared about me, how could he have adopted Wright?"

The sadness in Annie's eyes gradually disappeared, leaving only coldness. She looked up at Qiao Nian and said firmly, "I want you to announce to the entire European country that I, Annie, will tell the court everything that happened, as well as the murderer behind the scenes!"

Annie looked as if she was taking a desperate gamble.

Qiao Nian looked into Annie's eyes, but she couldn't read her mind at all. However, she still nodded. "Okay."

Seeing that Qiao Nian had agreed, Annie turned to look elsewhere and said coldly, "Then I'll wait for the court session."

Annie looked like she didn't want to say anything else.

Qiao Nian gave Annie a meaningful look, then left the interrogation room with Lina.

When she and Lina walked out of the interrogation room, she turned to look at Annie and saw her looking at her coldly. At this moment, Annie was like a poisonous snake hiding in the dark. She exuded a vicious aura, as if she was about to kill her prey at any time.

Lina saw Annie's expression too. She couldn't help but shiver.

After the two of them walked away, Lina heaved a sigh of relief. She looked at Qiao Nian in fear and unease and said worriedly, "Nian Nian, I keep feeling that she… she seems to be planning something."

Qiao Nian shook her head gently and said, "I don't know what she wants to do either."

"Do you think she'll cause trouble in court again?" Lina said with a frown.