Chapter 1572 There's a Traitor

When Qiao Nian heard Lina's words, she lowered her gaze slightly, as if she had thought of something. She said in a low voice, "Let's observe for a while."

She didn't think Annie would reveal the culprit obediently, but why would Annie be looking forward to court? That was very strange.

She had just chatted with Annie and realized something. Annie cared a lot about Mark's attitude towards her. As long as Mark gave her a little sunlight, Annie's entire world would probably become colorful.

Would Annie really expose Mark?

Qiao Nian lowered her gaze slightly. If Annie didn't accuse Mark in court, she wouldn't be able to escape too.

The court announced on the spot that there was no chance of Annie surviving.

Annie was Mark's only daughter. If Annie died, it would be a huge blow to Mark.

After thinking through the consequences, Qiao Nian smiled at Lina and said, "Don't worry, tell the President everything Annie said today. The President will definitely make his own decision."

Lina nodded slightly. That made sense. Her father would definitely consider these things carefully.

At this moment, the guard who had been guarding Annie's interrogation room ran over. "Seventh Princess, Miss Qiao, the guards are all here now. Do you want to ask questions now?"

Lina recalled that Annie had already admitted that she had asked Cui Qi to kidnap her. Thinking of the situation on Cliff Mountain, she couldn't help but shiver.

She seemed to have underestimated Annie. Even though Annie was tightly tied up, Annie still had a way to send a message. The person who could send the message was one the four guards.

Once again, there was a traitor in the palace.

Lina pursed her lips and said, "Nian Nian, we have to investigate this matter thoroughly."

Lina was really afraid. If someone controlled the people around her mother, wouldn't her mother be in danger?

"Okay." Qiao Nian nodded gently.

They entered a room beside the interrogation room. Lina looked at Qiao Nian. She was deep in thought, as if she was thinking about what to do next.

Ever since she met Nian Nian, she realized that there was actually such a smart girl in this world. No matter what, she could handle everything well, unlike her.

Lina stole a glance at Chen Qing. Chen Qing stood calmly at the side, as if he already knew what Nian Nian was thinking.

If only she could know what Nian Nian was thinking.

She hoped that she could become like Nian Nian and know everything. She hoped to be strong enough to protect herself and not rely on others to protect her.

When she was on Cliff Mountain, if she had been more careful in the beginning, she would not have been bitten by the snake, and Chen Qing would not have had to suck out the snake venom for her.

That way, Chen Qing wouldn't have been poisoned by the snake poison. Although Chen Qing seemed to have completely recovered now, she had heard from Doctor Ollie that if they had been any later, Chen Qing might have died. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Lina sat there in disappointment.

Chen Qing glanced at Lina from the corner of his eye, then his expression froze for a moment before he looked away.

Before long, four guards walked in. They first bowed to Lina, then to Qiao Nian.

Qiao Nian nodded slightly. She stood up and walked up to the four of them.

The guards in the palace were all trained, and they could remain calm no matter what happened.

Qiao Nian walked in front of them before retracting her gaze. She said to them, "Alright, you can go back."

When the four guards heard Qiao Nian's words, they were all stunned, but they still left.

Qiao Nian gave Chen Qing a look, and he turned to leave.

Only Lina and Qiao Nian were left in the room.

Lina frowned slightly, her eyes filled with confusion. She looked at Qiao Nian in surprise. After a while, she asked, "Nian Nian, don't you want to catch the traitor? Why did you let them go back?"

When Qiao Nian heard Lina's words, she continued, "If that person is Annie's subordinate, will he admit it if we ask him?"

"Of course not. He'll definitely think of a way to hide himself…" After Lina finished speaking, she frowned slightly and asked, "Then shouldn't we lock them all up and interrogate them one by one? We will definitely be able to find out the culprit, right?"