Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1573 Fake Shot

"There's no need to go through so much trouble." Qiao Nian smiled faintly. Seeing that Lina was frowning, she reached out and gently smoothed her frown. "This is the technological era. There are cameras installed everywhere in the palace. As long as we can see who did it from the cameras, you can dismiss them. When the time comes, we'll see if Annie has any backup plans."

Lina's eyes lit up. She was really too stupid. She smiled at Qiao Nian and said, "Nian Nian, you're really smart. If only I was as smart as you."

Lina took Qiao Nian's arm and walked out. When Qiao Nian heard Lina's words, she shook her head gently. "Lina, you're already very good yourself."

She was a girl who was kind and innocent. That could only mean one thing. She was doing very well. Her family had protected her very well.

Lina had grown up with love and protection from her family.

Lina met Qiao Nian's serious eyes and seemed to have thought of something. She asked uneasily, "Nian Nian, why are you helping our family?"

Previously, she had always treated Qiao Nian as a good friend and hadn't thought about anything else. However, she suddenly thought of something. If Qiao Nian didn't treat her mother's illness, she wouldn't have had to brave the rain to look for the Colorful Fungus on Cliff Mountain, let alone spend so much effort to help her father catch a traitor.

If she could be as calm and smart as Qiao Nian, she could also help her father. However, she was too innocent. She didn't help her father at all. Instead, she made him worry about her.

Qiao Nian stopped in her tracks. The sky was overcast. She looked at Lina, who was beside her. Lina's eyes were as clear as ever. Lina still trusted her very much, but Lina was curious why she was doing this.

On second thought, it made sense. If it were anyone else, she would also be wary if someone who treated her especially well suddenly appeared.

A cold wind blew, and the two of them stood facing each other, their hair blowing up.

Qiao Nian slowly lowered her eyes. After some thought, she looked up at Lina and said seriously, "Lina, I don't want to lie to you. I have my own motives."

She paused for a moment before asking, "Will you blame me for my impure motives?"

When Lina heard Qiao Nian's words, she suddenly smiled. Her eyes seemed to be filled with stars, illuminating the dark sky. The coldness around her seemed to be warmed by her.

"Nian Nian, I won't blame you," Lina said without hesitation. She reached out and held Qiao Nian's hand, smiling at her. "You saved me, saved my mother, and you're still helping my father. You're doing all of this to help us. Moreover, I know you're a good person."

Lina heaved a sigh of relief and continued, "Since we can get along and everyone can benefit from each other, how good is that?"

She knew that Qiao Nian would stand on her side. That was enough.

Chen Qing walked over from afar and overheard the conversation between Qiao Nian and Lina. He really didn't expect Madam to confess directly, nor did he expect Lina to not care about Madam's original intentions at all. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Chen Qing looked at Lina in disbelief. Her face was still pale, probably because she had just been poisoned by the snake. She was still very weak.

However, when Lina smiled, she seemed to emit a gentle light, making one involuntarily want to approach her.

Chen Qing was looking at Lina when he suddenly felt a gaze on him. He followed the gaze and saw Madam looking at him.

With a serious expression, Chen Qing walked towards Qiao Nian, then handed the tablet to her and said, "Madam, the surveillance cameras are already connected to the tablet. You can see the situation of those people from here."

Chen Qing pointed at the folder in the lower left corner and said, "I've already copied the folder from a few days ago and placed it in it."

Lina had already heard from Qiao Nian herself that she wanted to see the surveillance cameras. Just now, when she was there, Qiao Nian had only given Chen Qing a look. Chen Qing immediately understood.

The three of them walked to the pavilion not far away and sat down. Lina asked the servant to bring over a tablet and opened the file with the surveillance videos.