Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1574 Strange

The three of them fast-forwarded to quickly view the contents of the videos. Soon, they saw that someone had brought food in and only came out about half an hour later.

"He is…" Qiao Nian looked at Lina.

Lina glanced at that person's face and frowned slightly. "I'll ask the butler."

Lina took a photo of that person on her phone and sent it to the butler. Soon, the butler sent a message.

"He's Amon, an orphan. He was also personally recruited by my father." Lina frowned slightly. Generally speaking, orphans would not have any weaknesses. They should be completely loyal to the president.

The reason why his father was willing to look for orphans was because life as an orphan in this society was relatively difficult. They were already very happy to have a decent job in the palace and a generous salary.

"That's him," Qiao Nian said with certainty. "Let's go meet Amon."

Lina looked at Qiao Nian in surprise and asked in confusion, "Nian Nian, aren't you going to continue watching the video?" Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

"There's no need. Look at his eyes…"

Lina's gaze fell on Zoro's eyes, which were filled with confusion. She followed Qiao Nian's finger and saw Amon coming out of the interrogation room in a daze.

Lina frowned slightly. Zoro's expression might not mean anything. Perhaps it just meant that Amon was a little tired.

She had seen many people returning home from work. All of them looked extremely tired.

Qiao Nian looked at Lina. Seeing that Lina still didn't understand, she smiled and explained, "There's something wrong with his expression. That's one reason and there's another reason. After he came out, only the front door of the interrogation room captured his face. No other cameras captured him. That means that he was deliberately avoiding cameras."

Avoiding cameras?

Lina was also very smart, but she lacked life experience. For a moment, she couldn't figure it out. Now that she reacted, she was shocked. "Nian Nian, he must have done something wrong. That's why he deliberately avoided the cameras!"

"I'm asking the butler." Qiao Nian looked at the date on the video and said, "Let's see if he left the palace that day."

"Okay," Lina replied. She hurriedly took out her phone and sent a message to the butler. The butler replied very quickly.

Lina nodded at Qiao Nian and said, "It's already confirmed. He did go out, and the other three didn't."

"Then we can ask him what he's done." Qiao Nian smiled at Lina and said gently.

"Okay," Lina agreed readily. She hurriedly packed her things and followed Qiao Nian to the interrogation room.

This was the second time they had returned to the courtyard of the interrogation room. At this moment, there were only two guards left in the courtyard. One of them was Amon, and the other was Zoro. They did not call Amon directly, but looked for Zoro first.

Chen Qing walked up to Zoro and said, "Zoro, Madam and the Seventh Princess have something to ask you."

Zoro nodded and followed Qiao Nian and Lina to the room from before. He stood there expressionlessly, his slightly clenched fists betraying his heart.

Qiao Nian's gaze fell on Zoro's face. She smiled and said, "Mr. Zoro, please sit. We don't have anything much in mind. We just want to have a casual chat with you."

When Zoro heard Qiao Nian's words, he sat on the chair opposite Qiao Nian and Lina. He placed his hands on his knees and clenched his fists tightly, but his expression was calm. "Okay, Miss Qiao."

Qiao Nian smiled at Zoro and asked, "I just wanted to ask if you know anyone who met Annie alone?"

After all, Zoro had undergone training. He said neither servile nor overbearing, "We all take turns to go in and deliver food to Princess Annie. Everyone has interacted with Miss Annie."

He paused for a moment, then added, "Every time after I bring Princess Anne food, I leave."

Qiao Nian smiled and nodded in agreement. "I know these things have nothing to do with you, but I'll ask them one by one according to the rules."

Zoro nodded. If there was a problem, it was normal to ask someone who knew about it.