Chapter 1575 Inquiry

"By the way, is there anything wrong with your companion? If so, tell me. If we can't find the traitor, we can only treat all of you equally. The four of you have to leave the palace." Qiao Nian looked regretful.

"No!" Zoro's expression changed drastically. He clenched his fists and placed them on the table, saying excitedly, "You can't chase us all out for this reason."

Zoro was an orphan. The orphans who had grown up with him all worked hard, and their monthly salaries were ten times lower than his. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Although he was an orphan and had a camper van, he could buy anything he wanted. His friends in the orphanage were very envious of him.

He had joined the army when he was young. At that time, he knew that being on duty in the palace was the most honorable thing for every European soldier. His descendants would also receive preferential treatment in society.

If he was chased out by the president, his past glory, beautiful life, and future happiness would all be ruined.

Qiao Nian sat there expressionlessly. She didn't speak, but the meaning behind her words was obvious. She hoped that he could tell her everything that had happened.

Zoro looked at Qiao Nian awkwardly. He hoped that Qiao Nian wouldn't make things too difficult for him, but Qiao Nian sat there expressionlessly, as if she was waiting for him to admit everything.

He closed his eyes helplessly and hesitated for a moment before saying, "When we were changing shifts previously, I saw Amon taking the initiative to bring food to Princess Annie for others."

Qiao Nian raised her eyebrows slightly. "Are you sure he was the one who suggested it?"

Zoro nodded. The next day, he even asked Amon about it. At that time, Amon even said that he wanted to take the opportunity to go in and beat up Princess Annie.

It was not convenient for Zoro to say these things, so he chose not to say them. He only told her what he felt was abnormal. He did not want to harm Amon. He hurriedly explained for Amon, "Miss Qiao, Amon is old and reliable. He often takes the initiative to work for us. We all treat him as our big brother."

Qiao Nian smiled and didn't speak.

Zoro continued, "Previously, when the mother of one of our brothers fell ill, Amon even took the initiative to go over and help. Everyone in the palace knows that he's a good person, and everyone likes to ask him for help."

"I understand. I'll definitely get to the bottom of this matter. I won't wrong a good person, nor will I let a bad person off," Qiao Nian said softly.

When Zoro heard Qiao Nian's words, he didn't know what to say. He could only nod and agree obediently.

After Zoro left, Qiao Nian let Amon in.

Qiao Nian's gaze lingered on Amon's face. Amon looked strong and slightly older than the other three guards.

"Sit." Qiao Nian smiled at Amon.

Amon sat down on the stool calmly. He knew that the main question was directed at Qiao Nian. His gaze fell on Qiao Nian's face as he asked, "Miss Qiao, may I know why you called me in?"

Qiao Nian briefly explained to Amon that there was a traitor. In the end, she said, "The preliminary judgment is that the traitor is among the four guards guarding Annie."

When Amon heard Qiao Nian's words, his expression changed slightly. He frowned. "How is this possible? How can there be a traitor?"

"I don't want to believe this either, but it's the truth," Qiao Nian said with a serious expression. Her gaze fell on Amon's face. "I've asked around about you. Everyone says that you're a good person who is often helpful. You must be on good terms with the guards. Then have you noticed anything wrong in the past few days?"

Lina had been sitting beside Qiao Nian. Hearing Qiao Nian's question, she was a little confused.

Didn't they already confirm that Amon was a traitor? Why was Nian Nian asking this?

What puzzled Lina the most was that if Nian Nian took out the video as evidence, Amon would definitely not be able to escape. There was no need to waste his breath.

"Anything wrong?" Amon frowned, repeating Qiao Nian's words.