Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1577 Showing Care for Her

Shen Mei had originally called Qiao Nian Doctor Qiao, but later on, she heard Lina call Qiao Nian Nian. So she also called her Nian Nian.

Next was to help Shen Mei with acupuncture. Qiao Nian gestured for Shen Mei to lie on the bed. She first let Shen Mei fall asleep before starting to perform the acupuncture.

Lina came in with some snacks. Seeing that Shen Mei's back was covered in silver needles, she could clearly see the abnormal bulge on her back. Her expression changed drastically. She didn't say anything and just sat quietly at the side.

After Qiao Nian performed acupuncture on Shen Mei, she chatted with her for a while longer before leaving Shen Mei's room with Lina.

The two of them walked to the garden. Lina looked at Qiao Nian worriedly and asked softly, "Nian Nian, that thing on my mother's back…"

"It's a Gu worm." Qiao Nian pursed her lips and explained, "It's a puppet Gu. When the Gu worm grows up, it will listen to the master of the mother Gu. When that happens, Madam will become a puppet."

Lina's eyes turned red. Previously, she had heard from Nian Nian that her mother had a Gu worm in her body, but at that time, she had been far away and hadn't seen the Gu worm clearly. However, she had seen it clearly just now. The Gu worm looked like it was under her mother's skin. Her heart was about to jump out of her mouth.

"Previously, the Gu worm had been deep in Madam's body. If you don't look carefully, you won't be able to see the Gu worm in her body." Qiao Nian paused for a moment and continued, "During this period of time, I've been helping Madam with acupuncture. The Gu worm has already crawled out from the depths of her body, so you can see it more clearly." Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

"Gu worm. There's actually a worm in my mother's body." Lina frowned in sorrow. She knew that it was one thing for her mother to have a worm in her body, and it was another thing to see the worm clearly. "Nian Nian, if it weren't for you, I wouldn't know what to do. You saved our entire family."

Lina was really grateful to Qiao Nian. This was the first time she had realized how weak her words were. She couldn't accurately express her gratitude for Qiao Nian.

"I'm just doing my job as a doctor." Qiao Nian smiled at Lina and said gently, "When we're done with this period of time, why don't we go shopping?"

When Lina heard the words "shopping", her eyes lit up. Although giving Qiao Nian a gift couldn't express her gratitude, she still wanted to thank Qiao Nian as much as possible.

On the other side.

Amon stood at the door of the interrogation room, his heart filled with fear and unease. When the shift changed in the evening, he didn't see anyone clocking in. He asked Dhaka's partner and found out that he had been taken away.

Amon's eyes flashed. He did not expect those people to be so stupid as to really take Dhaka away as a prisoner.

This time, it was his turn to bring food to Annie. He walked in and looked at Annie, who was lying on the ground. He quietly placed the food on the ground. After some thought, he said, "Don't be sad. Eat."

Annie sniffled and looked up at Amon. Her eyes were red-rimmed as she said, "I'm not hungry."

Amon didn't want to talk much to Annie either. Now that someone was acting as a traitor in his place, he couldn't walk on the edge of the cliff anymore. He was about to leave when Annie grabbed his arm.

…

When Amon came out of the interrogation room, Qiao Nian and Lina bumped into him.

"Amon," Qiao Nian called out.

Amon's eyes were glazed over, as if he hadn't heard Qiao Nian's voice.

Lina looked at Qiao Nian in confusion. Seeing Qiao Nian signal her not to speak, she didn't say anything and followed Amon out.

Qiao Nian kept feeling that the smell on Amon was strange. Her frown deepened. After sniffing it for a while, she felt her consciousness gradually fading. She hurriedly got someone to tie Amon up and lock him up.

Lina had thought that Qiao Nian was going to follow him. She didn't understand why Qiao Nian had locked Amon up directly. Her eyes were filled with confusion.

That night, a message came from the prison saying that Amon seemed to have woken up.

Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian were watching a movie on the sofa. When Gu Zhou heard the news, he stood up and went to the prison.

Gu Zhou walked to the room where Amon was locked up. He saw Amon sitting in a corner of the room, looking calm.

When the guards saw that there was a snake on Gu Zhou's wrist, their eyes were filled with surprise.

Gu Zhou walked in. In less than a minute, Amon's hysterical screams rang out.