Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1578 Confession

When the people in the other cells heard Amon's screams, even the people who usually caused trouble in the prison did not dare to cause any other commotion. They were worried that they would be the next to be punished.

The two soldiers who had been guarding outside Amon Prison listened more carefully. They looked at each other and saw fear in each other's eyes. They lowered their heads silently, goosebumps rising all over their bodies.

In less than half an hour, Amon confessed everything.

Amon lay on the ground, barely breathing. His body was covered in holes bitten by the snake, and black blood was still flowing out of them.

He admitted that Annie had seduced him. Every time Annie gave him her body, she would ask him to send a letter out in exchange.

He also wanted to read the letter, but his body was out of his control. He could only obediently hand the letter to the receiver.

The contact was wearing a hat, sunglasses, and a mask. He covered himself tightly.

…

When Gu Zhou returned, he had recorded everything Amon had said in the prison.

Qiao Nian frowned. Amon's testimony confirmed that Annie was extremely dirty. As a princess, she could use her body as a bargaining chip for a small benefit. It seemed that Annie would have to bear infamy in European history books.

She still remembered the first time she saw Annie. At that time, she exuded pride and conceit, but who would have thought that Annie would already become a prisoner?

Seeing that Qiao Nian was silent, Gu Zhou asked curiously, "What are you thinking?"

Qiao Nian frowned slightly and said, "I wanted Amon to go out and send a message so that I could catch his partner. But when I smelled his scent, I realized something. He probably only found out about the message after the incident!"

"Yes." Gu Zhou nodded. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Qiao Nian pursed her lips slightly and said, "I just don't understand. Amon must have lost control of his body after coming into contact with Annie. Then how did Annie do it?"

Gu Zhou frowned slightly. "Are you saying that Annie has medicine?"

"That's the only way to understand it." Qiao Nian pursed her lips and said solemnly, "Looks like Annie still has many tricks up her sleeve."

"Alright, don't think about them now. Let's talk about these things tomorrow." With that, Gu Zhou kissed Qiao Nian's lips lightly and reached out to cover her with the blanket.

Qiao Nian wanted to say something else, but seeing that Gu Zhou didn't want to mention it anymore, she didn't continue.

The next morning, after breakfast, Qiao Nian looked at Gu Zhou and asked, "I want to see Amon."

Gu Zhou slowly put down his chopsticks and picked up a tissue to wipe his mouth. His gaze fell on Qiao Nian's face.

There were all kinds of people in the prison, and the smell inside was especially unpleasant. He didn't want Qiao Nian to go to such a dirty place.

He lowered his gaze slightly, thinking about how to reject Qiao Nian.

Qiao Nian seemed to have already read Gu Zhou's mind. With a serious expression, she said, "I know you've asked enough questions. I want to examine his body carefully now and see what medicine Annie used on him. We can follow the clues and catch the person who met him."

Since Qiao Nian had already said so much, he couldn't refuse anymore.

…

Qiao Nian walked into the prison. It was extremely dark, and the air was filled with the smell of decay.

She followed the guard to Amon's cell. The guard opened the cell door and Qiao Nian walked in. A stench instantly assaulted her nose.

The cold light fell on the ground. She looked at Amon, who was lying in the corner. He was covered in blood and his clothes were tattered. He was very different from the tall Amon from yesterday.

Qiao Nian's heart trembled slightly.

Gu Zhou had always been ruthless. This was the first time she had seen Gu Zhou treat someone so ruthlessly.

Hearing footsteps, Amon tried hard to open his eyes. When he saw Qiao Nian's face, his body trembled uncontrollably. He struggled to get up from the ground and kowtowed to Qiao Nian. "I'm sorry. It's all my fault. I-I won't do that again…"