Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1579 Angel

nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

As Amon spoke, tears streamed down his face. With a repentant expression, he said, "I really don't want to be a traitor. I really can't control myself. I can't control myself at all. Whenever I think of what happened now, I feel so disgusted that I want to throw up."

Amon kept kowtowing and said with a pained expression, "I really won't dare to do it again. I won't see her again!"

Qiao Nian looked at Amon kneeling on the ground, begging for mercy. Coupled with what he had said, she gradually fell into deep thought.

He couldn't control himself. He felt so disgusted that he wanted to throw up…

From these words, Qiao Nian could sense Amon's disgust for Annie. It was as if Amon had never been willing to do those things with Annie.

Qiao Nian managed to control Amon with a bold guess. She looked at Amon, who was sincerely begging her, and said gently, "Don't worry. As long as you're willing to cooperate with our next actions, I'll put in a good word for you in front of the president."

When Amon heard Qiao Nian's words, his restlessness gradually calmed down. He nodded gently. Last night, he seemed to have entered hell and was bullied by demons.

Now, it was as if he was in heaven and was favored by an angel.

He knew in his heart that as long as Qiao Nian was willing to put in a good word for him in front of the president, he would definitely be fine.

However, Amon still asked, "Miss Qiao, do… do I really have a chance?"

"Of course." Qiao Nian slowly squatted down. Her eye level was the same as Amon's. She continued, "I hope you can recall all the details of your interactions with Annie in more detail, as well as what happened after you sent the letter."

When Amon heard Qiao Nian's words, he slowly lowered his gaze, his memories gradually drifting away. He had already told Gu Zhou everything that had happened. Now that Qiao Nian wanted to hear it, he had to try his best to remember everything.

"I-I hate Annie." Amon knelt on the ground and tried hard to recall what happened. "I had a particularly good friend in the orphanage. Her name was Angie. She was in a relationship with the male celebrity, Tate. After Annie took a liking to Tate, she found out that he had a girlfriend, so she got someone to hit Angie with a car. Angie…"

When Qiao Nian heard Amon's words, she frowned. According to Amon, he should hate Annie very much. Why would he take the initiative to send a letter for her?

"Angie is dead. When Tate found out about this, he jumped off a building and committed suicide." Amon held back the tears in his eyes. He tried hard to remain calm, but his sobs still betrayed his heart.

"The two of them were a loving couple. Angie was already two months pregnant. The two of them clearly had a better future, but because of Annie's appearance, the two of them ended up dying together. That's why I especially hated Annie. I wanted to stand up for them. I wanted to call the police, but when the police heard Annie's name, they were unwilling to accept the report no matter what."

Qiao Nian didn't speak. She looked at the devastated Amon. At this moment, the expression on Amon's face and his eyes didn't look like he was lying at all.

Amon pursed his lips and raised his hand to wipe his tears. He stammered, "This happened half a month ago. I couldn't get help for the past few days. When the president locked Annie up in the interrogation room for the murder of the President's Madam, I took the initiative to guard her."

"When I saw Annie, my mind was filled with images of Tate and Angie. I couldn't help but attack Annie." As Amon spoke, he heaved a sigh of relief. "The more I hit her, the more excited I became. I just wanted to seek justice for them, but I knew in my heart that I couldn't kill Annie."

"At that time, my thoughts were very simple. Anyway, Annie was beaten up during the interrogation. It would be fine if I beat her up a few more times." Amon pursed his lips and continued, "I would bring her food and… Ahem…"

Amon began to cough violently. He clutched his chest, looking in unbearable pain.

Qiao Nian took out a pill from her bag and handed it to Amon. "This is for pain relief."