Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1580 Out of Control

When Amon heard Qiao Nian's words, his gaze fell on the pill in her palm. Without hesitation, he picked it up and swallowed it.

It was unknown if the medicine was really that effective or if it was just a psychological effect. After taking the medicine, Amon felt much better. He looked at Qiao Nian gratefully and said, "Thank you, Miss Qiao."

Miss Qiao's medicine was really divine medicine. After taking it, he felt better. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

He cherished the opportunity Miss Qiao had given him. He wanted to live. He didn't want to die because of a woman like Annie.

"When I brought her food that time, she suddenly leaned over. I wanted to push her away, but I suddenly smelled a strange fragrance. I've never smelled it before. That fragrance made me feel as if I couldn't control my body."

Worried that Qiao Nian wouldn't believe him, Amon hurriedly said, "I knew exactly what I was doing, but my body didn't listen to the commands of my brain at all. My body listened to Annie and took the initiative to have sex with her. After that, Annie handed the letter to me."

"I only understood this later. I saw with my own eyes that I was a traitor. I wanted to explain it, but I didn't know how."

Amon looked at Qiao Nian and said in a low voice, "Just like yesterday. I saw Miss Qiao and the Seventh Princess arrive and heard that you wanted to meet me, but my body subconsciously wanted to avoid you."

Amon knew very well that if he could control his brain, he would not have revealed such an obvious flaw.

"I took the ring she gave me. That ring was the token. Then, I walked to a place. At nine in the evening, I handed the token to that person and went home. It wasn't until midnight that my own consciousness gradually took control of my body."

Amon closed his eyes in pain, tears streaming down his face. "I'm very afraid. I don't want to bring Annie any more food, but the delivery schedule was arranged long ago. I can't reject it."

"Miss Qiao, I really don't want to have sex with her. I have a very good girlfriend. I love her very much. I want to be with her for the rest of my life." At this point, Amon was already sobbing uncontrollably. He covered his face with one hand. "I don't even know how to see her anymore. I've done something to let her down. I…"

Chen Qing had been guarding the cell door. He had heard everything Amon said.

Qiao Nian felt that Amon wasn't lying. She thought for a while and asked, "Do you remember the location and secret code of your meeting? Can you recognize the person you're meeting?"

"In a broken warehouse outside the city. The number '6' is written on the warehouse. At around nine o'clock, a fully armed man was standing there. He was covered up so tightly that I couldn't recognize him at all." Amon pursed his lips, as if he had thought of something. He hurriedly said, "By the way, there's a black mole on his right wrist!"

Qiao Nian pursed her lips slightly. It seemed that Amon must have met someone who specialized in being a middle man. That person must know more than Amon. She looked at Amon and said, "Rest well for the time being. I'll get a doctor to treat your wounds."

"Thank you, thank you, Miss Qiao," Amon said gratefully. He really hoped to live. Even if he died, he couldn't die because of Annie. Annie was the person he hated the most.

Qiao Nian left the prison and looked at the soldier guarding the side. "Get the doctor to treat his wounds. We have to ensure his safety."

"Okay, Miss Qiao." The soldier hurriedly nodded in agreement. The president had previously said that he should listen to Mr. Gu and Miss Qiao's instructions.

Qiao Nian thought for a while and said, "Also, don't tell anyone outside about what happened in prison these past two days. Do you understand?"

The soldier agreed solemnly. "Yes."

Amon gripped the iron railing of the door with both hands and said anxiously, "Miss Qiao, everything I'm saying is true. I really couldn't control myself. I've never thought of betraying the president. I don't know…"

Towards the end, Amon didn't know how to explain. No one would believe that a person's words and actions were uncontrollable.

He had once slept with Annie.

He had also handed out a letter written by Annie.

He really couldn't explain it clearly.