Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1581 I believe you.

Qiao Nian stood rooted to the ground. When she heard Amon's words, she turned to look at him. Her eyes gradually darkened, and her voice was as gentle as ever. "I want to believe that you're not lying."

When Amon heard Qiao Nian's words, his pupils dilated uncontrollably. He looked at Qiao Nian in disbelief, his voice trembling with emotion. "Miss Qiao!"

Qiao Nian saw the change in Amon's gaze. She pursed her lips slightly and said, "I can give you a chance. As long as you can do it, we can let bygones be bygones for your previous betrayal."

Amon gripped the iron railing tightly and said excitedly, "Miss Qiao, what do you want me to do? No matter what, I can do it. I'll definitely complete it."

"However, I have to investigate something first." With that, Qiao Nian walked out.

Chen Qing followed behind Qiao Nian. Thinking of what Amon had just said, he asked in confusion, "Madam, do you believe what he just said?"

When Qiao Nian heard Chen Qing's words, she smiled and continued, "I believe he won't betray the president for Annie. I also believe that in order to survive, he will tell me everything he knows. But this doesn't mean that I believe he will never betray the president."

Chen Qing understood what Qiao Nian was saying. He frowned slightly. "What did Annie do to him?"

"Previously, Annie used the Falling Autumn Grass to control Madam President. In fact, what controlled Madam President was the medicinal herb in the soil, the Teng Yang Flower Sap." Qiao Nian's eyes gradually turned cold as she continued, "Go and investigate if Annie killed Amon's friends. I'm going to see Annie again and see if she has any other trump cards."

"Was he really poisoned?" Chen Qing pursed his lips.

Qiao Nian nodded. "At that time, I also smelled his scent. If I smelled that scent for too long and combined it with other medicine, I could directly control a person and make that person do things for me."

Qiao Nian paused for a moment and continued, "This is also Annie taking revenge on him. He probably hit Annie, so Annie bears a grudge against him."

Chen Qing's expression changed slightly. He said in disbelief, "There's really medicine in this world that can control others?"

Qiao Nian's expression grew more and more serious. She continued, "Yes, there is. I believe that there must be someone with outstanding medical skills and voodoo skills around Mark. It's precisely because of that person that Mark wants to use the puppet technique to control Madam President."

Chen Qing's expression changed.

Previously, when she was in the Lu family, a servant of the Lu family was controlled by the Hypnotic Worm and did something to hurt Lu Qi.

It was said that there were not many successors of Gu worms in the Southern Wilderness, but now, they had casually seen two Gu worms. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

"Madam, I'll accompany you to see Annie." Chen Qing had already arranged for his subordinates to investigate Amon.

"Okay." Qiao Nian and Chen Qing went to the interrogation room again.

The interrogation room was equipped with all the daily equipment. They walked to the door of the interrogation room. Dhaka was on duty today. After Dhaka was taken away yesterday, although his cell phone had been confiscated, the guard who had brought him to the room had said that if he stayed in the room for a day, he would be able to earn five times his usual daily salary. He was very happy to watch television in the room.

Dhaka was whispering to the people around him.

"What, Annie cried all night?" Dhaka asked in surprise.

"Yes. She's probably upset because she thinks she's been abandoned by her family."

"Sigh, Earl Mark is really too heartless. He actually didn't come to visit Annie." Dhaka sighed. "Even if my daughter doesn't live long, he could still come and take a look."

"This isn't something we should be discussing."

"Yes, yes, yes. Just keep an eye on Annie!" Dhaka said with a serious expression. He still wanted to earn more money!

Hearing their discussion, Qiao Nian lowered her gaze slightly, frowning.

According to the guard, Annie probably didn't hate her father, Mark, at all. Perhaps Annie was crying because she was sad.

Seeing that Qiao Nian was here again, the guard hurriedly opened the door and invited her in.

Annie lay prostrate on the ground and looked like her feelings were shattered. When she heard the door open, she turned her head.