Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1582 Scheming

"Qiao Nian!" Annie said through gritted teeth. She slowly sat up, her hair disheveled, and her face dirty. "Why are you here again? Haven't you laughed enough yesterday?"

Qiao Nian pulled over a chair not far away and sat down. She crossed her right leg over her left. Seeing Annie straighten her skirt in a panic, she said calmly, "You're doing well here, aren't you?"

"Doing well?" Annie raised her eyebrows slightly, her eyes as wide as saucers. She said angrily, "Are you blind? I haven't taken a shower in a long time. How can this be living well!"

Qiao Nian's gaze finally fell on Annie's hair. A piece of her hair was wet, and it was stuck together.

There was no place to take a shower in Annie's room. She had heard that it would be another three days before Annie had a chance to take a shower.

But Annie's hair was wet.

Qiao Nian walked up to Annie and bent down slightly. Suddenly, she smelled a rich fragrance. It was exactly the same as the one she had smelled from Amon.

Annie didn't know what Qiao Nian was doing. She hurriedly covered her hair and took two steps back. Exasperated, she said, "Why are you so close to me? Do you want to kill me now? Let me tell you, if I die, my father will never let you off."

Qiao Nian stared unblinkingly at Annie. The four guards who had been guarding Annie usually didn't leave the palace. If she didn't do anything to Amon, logically speaking, Annie would not be able to leave.

The fragrance on Annie's body was the illusionary fragrance. The illusionary fragrance was solid. When it came into contact with water, it would emit a rich fragrance, confusing those who smelled it.

Although the illusionary incense could confuse others, if she wanted that person to do as she pleased, she still needed to pair it with an obedient Word Gu worm.

Qiao Nian grabbed Annie's arm and took her pulse. When she sensed that there was a Gu worm in Annie's body, her expression changed.

Word Gu worm needed blood as a source. Under extremely harsh conditions, it could be moved into a human body.

In other words, before Annie came to the palace to send the Falling Autumn Grass over, there was already a Word Gu worm in her body. The orchid hair clip on her head was carved from the illusionary incense.

When Annie let the illusionary incense emit a fragrance and slept with Amon, the Word Gu worm in her body would become active when she was aroused, giving birth to the Child Word Gu worm. The Child Word Gu worm only had a lifespan of six hours. Those who were infected with the Child Word Gu worm would listen to the owner of the Word Gu worm.

When Annie heard Qiao Nian's question, her expression changed drastically. She couldn't help but tremble. She hurriedly shook her head and refused insincerely. "No, I don't intend to do anything!"

Qiao Nian narrowed her eyes slightly. When Annie came to deliver the fallen autumn grass, she definitely didn't know that she would be locked up. The reason why she had these things was probably to scheme against others.

She recalled that day when Annie had been pestering Gu Zhou, and Gu Zhou was unwilling to pay her any attention.

But later on, everything fell into chaos. Annie was locked up. Later on, she directly used these things on Amon, which was why Amon listened to Annie like a puppet.

Qiao Nian shook off Annie's arm, her eyes gradually turning cold. She questioned, "What were you planning to do with the illusion incense and the Word Gu worm?"

"I don't know what you're talking about." Annie turned her head to the side and pretended to be calm. "If you want to laugh at me, just do it. You've already seen me at my worst. You can leave!" Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

While Annie wasn't paying attention, Qiao Nian took off the illusionary fragrance hair clip on her head and immediately threw it into the sealed plastic bag.

"What are you doing!" Annie shouted, subconsciously reaching out to snatch the hair clip back.

Her hand missed. Inadvertently, she met Qiao Nian's calm fox-like eyes, and her body shivered involuntarily.

For some reason, she felt that Qiao Nian could read her mind. Annie pursed her lips and looked at Qiao Nian warily.

Qiao Nian's eyes were as cold as ice. She looked at Annie in front of her and enunciated each word clearly. "If I take this away, you can forget about using these things to do anything in the future."