Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Chapter 1584 Worried

Chen Qing was slightly stunned, but he quickly understood what Qiao Nian meant. He nodded. "Thank you, Madam. I understand."

Qiao Nian looked at Chen Qing's calm expression and silently lit a row of candles for Lina. It seemed that Lina was about to fall out of love.

Qiao Nian couldn't say anything else. Her phone rang. It was Lina.

"Lina." Qiao Nian placed the teacup on the table. Her voice was very gentle. She paused for a moment and continued, "Yes, I'm already back. Come over!"

Hearing Qiao Nian's voice, Chen Qing subconsciously stopped typing, then regained his composure.

About ten minutes later, Lina walked in. When she saw Qiao Nian, she took her arm with a smile and said, "Nian Nian."

Lina sat down beside Qiao Nian. From the corner of her eye, she glanced at Chen Qing, who was sitting opposite Qiao Nian and using the computer.

Seeing Lina enter, Chen Qing greeted politely, "Seventh Princess."

When Lina heard Chen Qing speak to her, her face turned slightly red. She pursed her lips and responded in a low voice.

Qiao Nian smiled at Lina and asked with concern, "Has your wound recovered?"

"I'm fine now, and my wound isn't serious. Don't worry." With that, Lina couldn't help but look at Chen Qing from the corner of her eye. Chen Qing's condition was much worse than hers. She heard that Chen Qing had been interrogating Cui Qi last night. She wondered if he had recovered.

Lina pursed her lips. She was too embarrassed to ask Chen Qing directly.

Qiao Nian sat down beside Lina and saw her expression. She glanced at Chen Qing not far away and said, "I'll go to the medicinal room to see how Madam President's medicine is. Wait for me here."

Qiao Nian said this because she wanted Lina and Chen Qing to be alone.

After Qiao Nian left, only Lina and Chen Qing were left in the room.

Chen Qing recalled what Qiao Nian had said previously. He felt that it was necessary to tell her his plans according to what he discussed with Qiao Nian.

"Seventh Princess."

"Chen Qing."

Chen Qing and Lina spoke at about the same time.

Lina looked at Chen Qing with sparkling eyes. She did not expect Chen Qing to take the initiative to speak to her. She clenched her fists involuntarily and lowered her gaze shyly.

Chen Qing was slightly stunned. He couldn't help but grip the mouse tightly. Seeing that Lina had no intention of speaking again, he said, "Seventh Princess, what can I do for you?"

"Nothing." After Lina finished speaking, she felt that it wasn't appropriate for her to say this. "Are… are you feeling better?"

Chen Qing let go of the mouse and placed his right hand on his knee under the table. With a serious expression, he said, "I'm fine."

After saying that, Chen Qing was conflicted about how to tell Lina about his plan. Although he could reject the Seventh Princess, would it be strange for him to say this?

"I heard that you didn't rest much last night?" Lina frowned slightly and looked at Chen Qing worriedly.

"I'm fine," Chen Qing said subconsciously, thinking that Lina would definitely want to know about Cui Qi's situation. "Cui Qi has been unwilling to speak. I wonder when I'll be able to get him to speak."

"Oh." Lina saw that Chen Qing's face was still a little pale. She wanted Chen Qing to rest well, but when she thought of how Chen Qing was a workaholic, she couldn't say anything. She recalled that Chen Qing had just called her and asked with a smile, "Did you call me just now?"

Chen Qing looked up at Lina and happened to see the gentleness in her eyes. Her eyes were like spring flowers blooming, making one involuntarily immerse themselves in them. He recalled Qiao Nian's words and said hesitantly, "Seventh Princess, you should rest more."

Lina's eyes lit up, like stars in the sky. She stood up and sat down beside Chen Qing. Smiling, she asked, "Chen Qing, are you concerned about me?"

Chen Qing did not expect Lina to be so close. He subconsciously wanted to move his position. He could smell the fragrance on her body. That fragrance was very refreshing.

"Isn't that so?" Lina didn't get Chen Qing's answer. She moved slightly closer to Chen Qing and stared unblinkingly into his eyes.