Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1585 Probing

Lina's enlarged face appeared in front of him. Chen Qing swallowed and looked to the side evasively. He had no idea how to face the passionate Lina.

Lina noticed that Chen Qing was avoiding her gaze. Her lips curved up slightly as she sat up straight and distanced herself from Chen Qing. She rested her chin on one hand and looked at Chen Qing with a burning gaze. "Chen Qing."

"Seventh Princess." Only then did Chen Qing look at Lina. Inadvertently, he met those gentle eyes. This time, he didn't dodge.

"If Mr. Gu and Nian Nian return to An City, will you go back with them?" Lina met Chen Qing's eyes. His eyes were like deep pools, impossible to see through. It was impossible to tell what he was thinking.

"Yes, I have to always protect Second Young Master and the Second Young Madam," Chen Qing said without hesitation.

The light in Lina's eyes dimmed a little. She looked at Chen Qing in front of her. Didn't that mean she would never see him again?

At the thought that she might never see Chen Qing again, Lina asked impatiently, "Then how about I go over to look for you?"

Chen Qing looked at the hope in Lina's eyes. He lowered his gaze slightly and reminded her seriously, "Seventh Princess, I'm afraid it's a little inconvenient for you to come to An City."

She was a princess. If she encountered danger in other countries, there would be a lot of trouble.

Generally speaking, for her own safety, Lina should stay in Europe. Unless there were special circumstances, Lina would not leave Europe.

When Lina heard Chen Qing's words, it was as if a huge rock was pressing down on her chest, suffocating her.

If she wasn't a princess, she could follow Chen Qing wherever he went.

Lina pursed her lips and asked seriously, "Will you come to Europe again?"

Chen Qing paused for a moment and said rationally, "If the job requires it, I will come again."

Lina looked at Chen Qing with red-rimmed eyes, tears welling up in her eyes. She tried hard to put on a smile and said, "Yes, when you come, you can call me so that I can receive you."

Chen Qing nodded.

Lina sat there quietly, her mood already at rock bottom. Seeing that Chen Qing was still typing on the keyboard, she turned to look at him.

The sunlight cast a layer of light on him. His facial features were well-defined, and his nose was high. That ray of sunlight seemed to fall on the tip of his nose.

The image of Chen Qing sucking snake venom for her appeared in Lina's mind again. Her eyes gradually moistened. She raised her hand to wipe her tears and said in a choked voice, "What are you busy with?"

Chen Qing paused and said, "There's something to settle at the company."

"Oh." When Chen Qing answered her, he didn't even look at her.

After Chen Qing finished his work, he put his computer away in his bag and walked out.

Lina hurriedly stood up and followed him. She saw Chen Qing standing at the door, as if waiting for Nian Nian.

"I… Oh my." Lina was so focused on Chen Qing that she didn't notice the steps under her feet and almost fell.

Chen Qing quickly helped Lina stand up. After Lina stabilized herself, he was about to retract his hand.

Lina's attention fell on Chen Qing's hand, which was supporting her. She subconsciously held his hand tightly, but in the next moment, Chen Qing had already pulled his hand away.

Lina's hand was empty. She looked up at Chen Qing, who had already distanced himself from her.

Lina had mixed feelings. Just as she was about to say something, she heard Chen Qing ask, "Seventh Princess, is your foot alright?"

She looked at Chen Qing in front of her hopefully. It seemed that Chen Qing had just been in a hurry to examine her feet. She smiled and said, "I'm fine."

"Seventh Princess, it's better to be careful," Chen Qing reminded her expressionlessly.

Lina nodded. Smiling, she walked towards Chen Qing. When she got closer to him, she saw him take a step back. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Her expression froze for a moment. She looked at Chen Qing in surprise, as if she had understood something.

Chen Qing didn't seem to like her at all. If he liked her and she took the initiative, no matter how shy he was, he would stand rooted to the ground.