Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Chapter 1586 Remembered

Lina lowered her gaze slightly. She recalled that rainy night. He had hugged her tightly and rolled down the hill.

Although it was cold, her heart was warm..

When Lina looked up, she met Chen Qing's slightly stunned expression. He seemed to be worried about her. She thought about it seriously for a while before saying, "Chen Qing, I want to treat you to a meal tomorrow night. It's to thank you for taking care of me during this period of time."

Chen Qing subconsciously wanted to refuse, but when he met Lina's firm gaze, he remembered that Lina was a princess of Europe. They had stayed here to investigate the kidnapping more than twenty years ago. They still had to trouble the president with many things. Now, they had to build a strong relationship with Lina.

"Okay." Chen Qing nodded.

Lina smiled, but her smile didn't reach her eyes.

At this moment, Qiao Nian walked out with the thermos box. She smiled at Lina and said, "The medicine is just right. Let's go."

Holding Qiao Nian's arm, Lina walked out. Her gaze fell on Qiao Nian beside her and she smiled. "Nian Nian, you still smell like medicine. It smells so good."

"Yes, the taste of the medicine this time should be alright. I don't think Madam will dislike it," Qiao Nian explained with a smile.

Lina smiled and nodded. "Previously, my mother said that the medicine Nian Nian prescribed every time was delicious. It doesn't taste like medicine at all. Instead, it tastes like a drink."

When she reached the door of Madam President's room, Lina's phone rang again. She glanced at the caller ID and hung up.

She had just hung up when her phone rang again. Impatiently, she hung up again and immediately received a text.

"I'll wait for you at the entrance of the palace. If you don't come out to meet me, don't blame me for being impolite!"

Lina was a little speechless. She didn't know why Aisha wanted to see her again, but she was worried that Aisha would cause other trouble, so she said to Qiao Nian, "Nian Nian, please take care of my mother. I'll go out for a while."

Qiao Nian smiled and nodded. "Go ahead."

Lina let go of Qiao Nian's arm and turned to walk out. When she turned around, she saw Chen Qing following behind Qiao Nian and her. She only glanced at Chen Qing and didn't say anything. She walked out.

It wasn't convenient for Chen Qing to enter Madam President's room, so Qiao Nian went in alone.

Qiao Nian helped Shen Mei sit up. After Shen Mei finished her medicine, she gave her another cup of water.

After Shen Mei finished drinking it, Qiao Nian helped Shen Mei wipe the stains off her mouth with a tissue. She smiled gently and asked, "Madam, how did you sleep yesterday? How's your appetite?"

Shen Mei pondered for a moment and nodded. "I slept well and ate well."

Shen Mei thought for a moment and said, "I'm in good spirits now. I even watched a movie."

Qiao Nian listened to Shen Mei speak. Although she was still stuttering a little, she was much more energetic than before. She spoke more than before.

"That's good. Madam, take good care of yourself. You'll recover soon." Qiao Nian smiled and held Shen Mei's hand.

Shen Mei pursed her lips and grabbed Qiao Nian's hand. Her beautiful amber eyes were fixed on Qiao Nian. Her red lips were slightly parted, as if she had a lot to say.

Qiao Nian smiled gently. "Madam, what are you trying to say?"

"Shen An…" Shen Mei blinked and said eagerly.

Qiao Nian was slightly stunned. She still remembered how Shen Mei had reacted when she heard the words "Shen An".

Logically speaking, Shen Mei shouldn't mention "Shen An" again.

Could it be?

Could Shen Mei have remembered?

Qiao Nian couldn't say anything. She just looked at Shen Mei, waiting for her to continue.

"I-I think I know him," Shen Mei said softly, looking at Qiao Nian with a burning gaze.

Suppressing the excitement in her heart, Qiao Nian asked in a low voice, "Madam knows him?"

"Yes." Shen Mei nodded and continued, "I often dream. I… I dream of a man carrying me on his back…"

Shen Mei thought about it carefully and continued, "He will feed me, tell me stories, and play games. I…"