Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1587 Dad

When Shen Mei spoke of this, her eyes were filled with tears. She sniffled. "He has always taken care of me and stayed by my side…"

Tears streamed down Shen Mei's face uncontrollably, and she began to sob uncontrollably.

Qiao Nian hurriedly wiped Shen Mei's tears with a tissue and patted her back. She said gently, "Madam, don't be agitated. Tell me slowly. I'm listening."

Shen Mei was crying so hard that she could barely breathe. She opened her mouth and took deep breaths. After a long while, she calmed down. "His… his name seems to be Shen An."

As Qiao Nian listened to Shen Mei's description, she was now 100% certain that Shen Mei was Shen An's daughter. She tried hard to suppress the excitement in her heart. As long as she found Shen Mei and reminded her of the kidnapping more than twenty years ago, she would know who had been controlling those things behind the scenes.

As long as they found the enemy, all that was left was to deal with them. There would be no other trouble.

Shen Mei held Qiao Nian's hand tightly and asked with teary eyes, "Nian Nian, I-I want to see photos of Shen An."

"I have a photo of him on my phone." Qiao Nian gently wiped Shen Mei's tears away before taking out her phone. She found Shen An's photo and handed it to Shen Mei.

Shen Mei took Qiao Nian's phone with both hands. Her gaze fell on the photo on the phone screen, and tears fell uncontrollably.

Tears wet the phone screen. She hurriedly wiped them away.

It was him.

In her dream, Shen An was young and tall. After so many years, Shen An seemed to have grown old.

"Shen An…"

Shen Mei's tears slowly rolled down her face. A strange scene appeared in front of her.

At the beach, a tall man walked from the sea to the beach. She looked at Shen An's young and handsome face and called out "Dad" uncontrollably.

Shen Mei was stunned. She came back to her senses and looked at Shen An's photo on the phone. Tears streamed down her face, and her breathing quickened.

She had always felt that the name "Shen An" was a little familiar, but now she realized that Shen An was her father.

Dad.

Shen Mei looked at the photo, her expression becoming more and more excited.

Qiao Nian didn't know what Shen Mei had thought of, but seeing how excited she was, she hurriedly took out a silver needle and inserted it into the acupuncture point on Shen Mei's head.

Shen Mei had just taken her medicine. Joy and sorrow were taboo.

Shen Mei's agitated emotions gradually softened. She stared unblinkingly at the photo on her cell phone and said in a choked voice, "Nian Nian, I-I want to see him. What… what can I do to see him?"

Qiao Nian looked at Shen Mei gently and said, "He's in An City now."

"An City…" Shen Mei murmured, her eyes filled with disappointment.

Qiao Nian gently held Shen Mei's hand and comforted her. "Madam, when you recover, you can go to An City. Then, you'll be able to see him."

Shen Mei's eyes lit up. Her lips slowly curved up as she asked hopefully, "Really?"

Previously, the president had told her that she was not in good health and was not suitable for a long trip.

"Yes." Qiao Nian smiled and nodded. She said gently, "When you recover, you'll feel better in the future."

Shen Mei gave a sweet smile and handed the phone to Qiao Nian. "I-I have to get better."

Seeing that Shen Mei had already regained her composure, Qiao Nian asked tentatively, "Madam, when did you meet the President and how did you get together?"

When Shen Mei heard Qiao Nian's words, a gentle smile appeared on her face. "At that time, I remembered that he was very down and out. He… he was even injured. I took care of him."

"At that time, I-I didn't know him. He often came to see me after that."

Qiao Nian lowered her gaze slightly. If the president had been in dire straits back then, and the kidnapping more than twenty years ago involved so many forces, it was impossible for the president to have done it.

However, from Shen Mei's words, the President and Madam had supported each other through those difficult times. It was probably Shen Mei's innocence and kindness that made the President unable to help but approach her.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m