Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1588 Worried

"Then where did you live before you met the president?" Qiao Nian asked casually.

"I can't remember clearly. In a place with no one around." Shen Mei frowned slightly, trying hard to recall the past, but she couldn't remember anything. "The president saved me and asked me to stay somewhere. He often came to look for me."

Qiao Nian had already guessed that what had happened more than twenty years ago had nothing to do with the president. Now, from Shen Mei's words, she was completely certain of her guess.

However, what puzzled Qiao Nian was why the president wanted to hide Shen Mei after saving her.

Suddenly, a bold thought flashed across Qiao Nian's mind.

The president was protecting Shen Mei!

Shen Mei had also said that the president was in dire straits at that time. The only person who could make the president fall was definitely a strong opponent of the president.

Mark?

Harry?

At that time, the three Earls must have fought to the death for the throne.

Qiao Nian pretended to be surprised and asked, "I see. Madam and the president have been through so much together. I'm really envious. Who was dealing with the president back then?"

When Shen Mei heard Qiao Nian's words, she thought about it seriously. She usually remembered things, but now she couldn't remember anything.

Suddenly, a name appeared in front of her. It seemed to be Cui.

What was Cui again?

Cui Huai!

That's right, it was Cui Huai.

Shen Mei was about to speak when footsteps came from afar.

The footsteps were heavy. It sounded like a man's footsteps.

Qiao Nian's eyes flickered. She quickly reacted and said gently to Shen Mei, "Madam, you should recuperate now. That way, you'll recover faster."

Shen Mei wanted to say something, but seeing that Qiao Nian was asking her to rest, she obediently laid down.

When the president walked in, he happened to see Qiao Nian covering Shen Mei with the blanket.

Qiao Nian stood up and stood aside.

The President naturally sat down by Shen Mei's bed and stared unblinkingly at her. Seeing that Shen Mei's face was rosy, he heaved a sigh of relief.

He looked at Qiao Nian, who was standing at the side. To be honest, he really hadn't expected Qiao Nian to have such good medical skills. Shen Mei had recovered so quickly.

"Miss Qiao, how's your recovery? Did you do any further examinations?" the president asked with concern.

When Shen Mei heard the president's question, she frowned slightly. Her gaze fell on Qiao Nian's face not far away, as if she was waiting for her answer.

Sensing Shen Mei's gaze, Qiao Nian looked up slightly and smiled at her. Then, she said, "Thank you for your concern, President and Madam. I'm fine. I've completely recovered."

Seeing that Qiao Nian was still standing, the president said, "Sit down and talk. Don't keep standing."

Qiao Nian sat on a chair not far away.

"Not only did Miss Qiao help us find the Colorful Fungus, but she also helped us catch the traitor, interrogate the criminal, and treat Mei Mei." The president looked at Qiao Nian worriedly and said, "Although you're still young, you have to take care of your health. Remember to rest more."

Qiao Nian said seriously, "Actually, this is all within my scope. Only by resolving these matters can Madam recover quickly."

Shen Mei laid on the bed and listened to Qiao Nian's words. She looked at Qiao Nian worriedly.

The president looked at Qiao Nian admiringly, like a loving elder looking at his beloved junior.

"You still have to rest more." The president still reminded her.

"Yeah."

The president's gaze fell on Shen Mei's face. He held her hand gently and asked softly, "How do you feel today? Are you feeling better?"

Shen Mei nodded.

The president asked again, "Then what were you talking about just now?"

When Qiao Nian heard the president's question, she looked up at Shen Mei and couldn't help but feel nervous.

The president had just trusted her. If the president knew what she had just discussed with Madam President, his trust in her might instantly disappear.

Qiao Nian clenched her fists tightly, her nails digging into her palms, but she didn't feel any pain.

She should have instructed Madam President not to tell the president about their conversation. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

But it was too late now.