Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1589 Hiding What Happened

Qiao Nian's heart was beating wildly.

"Ahem."

Shen Mei leaned against the bed and began to cough violently.

Seeing this, the president hurriedly patted Shen Mei's back and asked worriedly, "Mei Mei, how are you?" UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

When Shen Mei heard the president's words, she shook her head gently. When she coughed, tears welled up in her eyes. "I-I'm fine. Previously, Nian Nian told me to rest more…"

When Qiao Nian heard Shen Mei's words, she was slightly stunned, but she quickly regained her composure.

She didn't expect Madam President to hide what happened.

However, this also meant that Madam President was a smart person. She knew what to say and what not to say. Perhaps it was because of this that Madam President could survive that difficult time with the President.

In the past, many people had thought that patients with cerebral palsy might be especially stupid. Actually, this was the wrong way of thinking.

Actually, patients with cerebral palsy were only extremely incompetent in terms of mobility. However, in other aspects, they were the same as normal people. In some aspects, they were even smarter than normal people.

Shen Mei looked at Qiao Nian gently and said slowly, "Thank… thank you, Miss Qiao, for taking care of me during this period of time."

Qiao Nian smiled and said gently, "Madam, you're too polite. This is what I should do. I hope Madam can recover soon. That way, you can spend more time with your family."

If it weren't for the kidnapping twenty years ago, she might have lived a simple and happy life at home with the children.

Just because someone was controlling everything behind her back, she had no choice but to leave her children.

If only it could end all of this as soon as possible.

When Shen Mei heard Qiao Nian's last sentence, a trace of sadness flashed across her eyes.

She often dreamed of her father in the past, but she did not know that it was her father. She only knew that that person had a very good relationship with her.

She wanted to find him, see him and talk to him.

When Shen Mei thought of Shen An, her eyes turned red uncontrollably. She nodded slightly and said, "It's… it's great to have a family. I-I want to get better. That way, that way, I can… be with my family."

Shen Mei wasn't just talking to Qiao Nian, but also to herself.

Although this sentence was very long, she still tried her best to say it smoothly.

The president's gaze fell on Shen Mei's eyes. Seeing her hopeful eyes, he lowered his gaze slightly, as if he had thought of something.

The president lowered his head slightly and gently kissed Shen Mei's forehead. His voice was gentle. "Mei Mei, our family will be together forever."

The smile on Shen Mei's lips spread out slowly like ripples. She looked at the president in front of her and nodded.

The president covered Shen Mei with the blanket again and said softly, "Rest well and get well soon. I have something to tell Miss Qiao."

Shen Mei smiled and nodded.

The president walked out, and Qiao Nian followed.

Qiao Nian pursed her lips. She felt that the president seemed to have seen through something, but she wasn't sure. Her heart couldn't help but jump to her throat.

The two of them walked out to the pavilion outside. The president looked at the goldfish in the pond not far away and said, "Miss Qiao, my Madam is from An City."

Qiao Nian hadn't expected the president to take the initiative to mention Madam President.

Qiao Nian looked at the president in front of her. She knew that if she hid it from the president, it would only make him hold a grudge against her, so she said, "Yes, Lina told me a little about it before."

The darkness in the president's eyes could not be dispelled. His gaze fell on An City not far away. He sighed slightly and said, "That's her home. I hope she can go back and take a look one day."

Qiao Nian didn't speak. She felt that the president's words were a little strange. The president seemed to think that An City was very dangerous, so he didn't want Madam to go to An City.

The president turned to look at Qiao Nian. Seeing Qiao Nian's calm expression, he recalled what had happened previously.

"Can she really go back?"

A trace of confusion flashed in Qiao Nian's eyes. Then, she smiled and said, "As long as Madam President recovers and she wants to go back, the president can accompany her, right?"