Chapter 1591 Showing Off

Aisha stared unblinkingly at Lina's face. She raised her eyebrows slightly and said calmly, "I heard that you wrote many love letters to Wright in the past."

"What love letters? I don't know what you're talking about." Lina looked at Aisha expressionlessly, but she was thinking about other things.

Why hadn't she and her father received the news yesterday about Aisha and Wright being together? Or had Mark and Harry deliberately blocked the news?

In Aisha's opinion, Lina's absent-mindedness meant that she was feeling guilty. Aisha raised her head high and tried hard to pretend to be noble. "Lina, I just want to warn you not to do any cheap shots or tricks before my engagement. Otherwise, don't blame me for being impolite!"

After warning Lina, Aisha turned around and walked towards the car. Then, she got the chauffeur to drive away.

Lina watched as Aisha's car drove further and further away. Her frown deepened. She turned around and walked into the palace. She wanted to tell her father this news as soon as possible.

She walked back anxiously. From afar, she saw the president and Qiao Nian standing in the pavilion and talking. She quickly walked over.

"Dad." Lina looked at the president in front of her, her face flushed red from walking too quickly. "Wright and Aisha are getting engaged."

When Qiao Nian heard Lina's words, her beautiful fox-like eyes narrowed slightly. Previously, Wright always wanted to marry Lina. Now, he changed his mind and was marrying Aisha. Could it be that he wanted Mark to join forces with Harry?

If that was the case, the president would be in a weak position.

The president only frowned slightly. Was Mark that anxious?

His eyes darkened. He said in a low voice, "Looks like we have to hurry."

Lina asked worriedly, "Dad, if they join forces…"

"Aisha and Wright's engagement doesn't mean anything," the president said calmly. He pursed his lips slightly. "Even if the two of them join forces, they won't be able to change the judgment of the judge in the court. This is just a smokescreen."

A smokescreen?

When Qiao Nian heard the president's words, a trace of surprise flashed in her eyes. She quickly understood what he meant and looked at Lina worriedly.

The President continued, "Wright's target is you. Mark's target is the throne. They can't have sacrificed so much for Annie. The only possibility is that Mark wants to take the opportunity to make you marry Wright." UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Lina blinked in confusion and asked in confusion, "Dad, what are you talking about? Why don't I understand?"

"Lina, it's impossible for them to be engaged today." As soon as the president finished speaking, his phone rang. "Even if they're engaged, they'll choose the day after Annie's court session. Aisha specially told you this news. They just want to see how we panic."

Lina nodded as if she understood. With a serious expression, she asked, "Dad, what should we do now?"

"Everything remains unchanged. Don't worry, I'm here." The president narrowed his eyes slightly and looked sharply in the direction of the Mark's Manor.

How could it be just a simple sentence for a member of the royal family to get engaged? They definitely had to prepare a lot of things, especially for the engagement day.

Harry doted on Aisha very much. If Mark suggested holding the engagement ceremony today, Harry would probably not agree. Who would want their daughter to be cheated with a promise?

Besides, Harry couldn't afford to lose face.

Harry had a son and a daughter. Not only was Aisha the apple of his eye, but she was also a huge bargaining chip for Harry to consolidate his status. He could use marriage to settle many things.

At this moment, Chen Qing, who had just taken a call, walked over from afar. He first nodded at the president and Lina, then his gaze fell on Qiao Nian's face. "Madam, Amon is fine now. Should we activate Plan A?"

"Yes." Qiao Nian nodded.

"Alright, I'll make the arrangements now." With that, Chen Qing turned to leave.

Lina looked in the direction Chen Qing had left in. She pursed her lips slightly, looking like she wanted to say something but didn't.

The president noticed Lina's gaze and frowned slightly.

"Mr. President." Qiao Nian noticed the way the president was looking at Lina. She deliberately spoke to attract the president's attention. "I have something on today. I'll be going back first to make preparations."