Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1592 No Regrets

With Qiao Nian's interruption, the president retracted his attention from Lina and nodded gently. "Go ahead."

Actually, Qiao Nian was also worried that the president would know what she had said to Madam President. She didn't want the president to bear a grudge against her. Otherwise, all her efforts would be in vain.

Seeing that Qiao Nian was about to leave, Lina forced a smile and said, "Dad, I'll send Nian Nian off."

"Yes," the president replied before walking towards the office.

Holding Qiao Nian's arm, Lina led her towards her palace absent-mindedly.

Qiao Nian noticed that Lina was in a bad mood. Seeing Lina frown, she comforted her softly. "Don't worry, I don't think Wright and Aisha will get married."

Lina nodded slightly, still looking distracted.

"Are you worried about Chen Qing?" Although this was a question, Qiao Nian said it with certainty.

Lina stopped in her tracks. She hadn't expected Qiao Nian to understand what she was thinking. She lowered her head sadly. "No, that's not it…"

Seeing Lina like this, Qiao Nian knew that her guess was right. She smiled and continued, "I still remember the first time I saw you. At that time, you were sunny and confident. You had to let everyone know what you liked and was not afraid of anything. That was showing the best side of you."

When Lina heard Qiao Nian's words, she looked up at her. This was the first time she had met Qiao Nian. Logically speaking, Qiao Nian should be unhappy, because she wanted to snatch Gu Zhou away.

However, it was also because of that interaction that the two of them got closer and closer. She and Qiao Nian gradually became good friends.

However, Gu Zhou and Chen Qing were a little different.

At that time, she had only treated Gu Zhou like that because he was good-looking and she wanted to be with him. That kind of liking for Gu Zhou was because of his appearance. It was a spur of the moment.

But Chen Qing was different.

She didn't fall in love with Chen Qing at first sight. Instead, after interacting with him for a long time, she liked him more and more. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

She liked that when Annie threw the stone at him, he blocked it for her without hesitation, even though he was hurt himself.

She liked that he accompanied her on the mountain to search for medicine. He hugged her without a care and rolled down the hill to escape.

She even liked how he had sucked the snake venom for her at all costs after she was poisoned.

She knew in her heart that part of the reason why Chen Qing had done this was because of Qiao Nian and Gu Zhou's orders. But even so, she still couldn't help but fall in love with Chen Qing.

When one person unknowingly infiltrated the bits and pieces of another person's life, everything would change.

Lina lowered her gaze slightly. It was precisely because she really liked him that she was careful.

Qiao Nian held Lina's hand and said gently, "Lina, it won't be long before Madam recovers. When that happens, we'll return to An City."

Return to An City?

Hearing these words, Lina's heart clenched involuntarily. She looked up at Qiao Nian. If Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian returned to An City, she might not see Chen Qing for a long time.

Lina's breathing quickened. She looked at Qiao Nian, feeling extremely sad.

"One can only live for a few decades. Sometimes, one should fight for what one should fight for. Don't let yourself have any regrets," Qiao Nian said meaningfully. Ever since she found out that she wasn't a member of the Qiao family, she had always wanted to find her family. However, after she found her family, she realized that some things had to be done as soon as possible. Only then could she be happy.

"Nian Nian, I understand everything you're saying." Lina lowered her gaze slightly to hide the loneliness in her eyes. She said softly, "But he doesn't seem to like me."

Lina thought about how Chen Qing didn't even want her to get close to her. Although she had made an appointment with Chen Qing to eat with him tomorrow, she regretted it after that. She didn't know what to say to Chen Qing.

When Qiao Nian heard Lina's words, she smiled gently and said softly, "Lina, it doesn't matter if Chen Qing likes you or not. If the two of you aren't together, it's fine. But if you don't even try, how do you know that he really doesn't have feelings for you?"