Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1593 Mr. Gu is Here

Lina's brow furrowed. She said nothing.

Qiao Nian continued, "In the past, I've always felt that I would never like someone, because I thought I was fine alone. But that person appeared just like that."

"Moreover, it took me a long time to react. I really like him." With that, Qiao Nian turned to look at Lina and smiled. "I think Chen Qing still doesn't seem to know what liking someone is. Give him some time."

Lina looked at the smile on Qiao Nian's face. Her smile was so gentle and warm. Her gaze fell on Gu Zhou, who was walking towards them.

However, Gu Zhou's gaze was fixed on Qiao Nian, as if her entire world belonged to him.

Lina said softly, "Nian Nian, Mr. Gu is here."

Qiao Nian followed Lina's gaze, and the smile on her face grew brighter and brighter, like a blooming flower.

Gu Zhou had come to pick Nian Nian up.

Lina looked at Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian, who were looking at each other. It was as if the two of them only had each other. The people around them didn't seem to be important. She slowly retracted her hand.

Gu Zhou walked over to Qiao Nian and naturally took her hand. Their fingers crossed.

Qiao Nian smiled at Gu Zhou and asked, "Aren't you busy?"

"I'm not busy today. I'm here to pick you up." Gu Zhou's voice was low and hoarse, carrying a bewitching charm.

The smile on Qiao Nian's face didn't fade. She smiled and said, "Actually, I can go back myself."

Gu Zhou just looked at Qiao Nian's face dotingly and gently tucked her hair behind her ear.

Lina looked at the two of them enviously. She said softly, "Nian Nian, since Mr. Gu has come to pick you up, you can go back together." Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

When Qiao Nian heard Lina's voice, she looked at her. Noticing that Lina was in a low mood, she gave Gu Zhou a look. Only then did she walk up to Lina and hug her.

Lina stiffened slightly, then went limp.

"Lina, no matter what you do, I'll support you," Qiao Nian said softly.

With that, Qiao Nian let go of Lina.

A bright smile appeared on Lina's face as she nodded. "Yes, I understand, Nian Nian. Thank you so much."

"We're good friends. There's no need to say that between good friends." Qiao Nian really hoped that Lina and Chen Qing could be together, but judging from Lina's gaze, Lina probably wouldn't give up on Chen Qing.

"Okay, bye." Lina waved at Qiao Nian and walked back happily.

Gu Zhou walked over to Qiao Nian and wrapped his arm around her waist. He asked curiously, "What's wrong with her?"

Qiao Nian looked at Gu Zhou and smiled. "What do you think of Chen Qing and Lina being together?"

Gu Zhou wrapped his arm around Qiao Nian's waist and walked out. When he heard Qiao Nian's words, he said lightly, "It'll be a little difficult. Chen Qing is more traditional and cares a lot about compatibility. The difference in status between him and Lina is a little big."

Gu Zhou lowered his eyes slightly. After some thought, he said, "Lina probably isn't within Chen Qing's consideration."

"In the face of true feelings, all considerations are obstacles." Qiao Nian smiled at Gu Zhou, raising her eyebrows slightly. "Do you want to make a bet?"

"Hm?"

"I think Chen Qing and Lina will definitely be together," Qiao Nian said solemnly.

Gu Zhou looked at Qiao Nian gently and dotingly. Without hesitation, he said, "Then I'm afraid we won't be able to make a bet."

Qiao Nian looked at Gu Zhou in confusion.

"I believe you," Gu Zhou said without thinking.

Qiao Nian pursed her lips slightly. This man had just said that Chen Qing wouldn't be with Lina because she didn't match his family background. How could he change his mind so quickly?

Qiao Nian pouted slightly and stared unblinkingly at Gu Zhou. "How's the progress with Cui Qi?"

When Gu Zhou heard Qiao Nian mention Cui Qi, he frowned slightly and said solemnly, "I've already gotten someone to investigate Cui Qi's background and found something strange."