Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1595 Waiting

Gu Zhou sensed Qiao Nian's movements. He gently retracted his hand and ruffled Qiao Nian's hair. He said gently, "I'm fine. I just thought of something. I'll tell you after I investigate."

Seeing that Gu Zhou was unwilling to tell her now, Qiao Nian didn't want to force him either. She nodded and said, "Alright, but if you take action, let me know. I don't want to let my imagination run wild and worry about you alone at home."

Gu Zhou smiled and lowered his head to plant a gentle kiss on Qiao Nian's forehead. "Okay."

Gu Zhou thought of his eldest brother and Qiao Nian's eldest senior brother. He asked in a low voice, "Nian'er, have you contacted your eldest senior brother?"

When Qiao Nian heard Gu Zhou's question, she shook her head gently, her eyes filled with sadness.

Ever since she found out that Eldest Senior Brother was injured, she had been trying to contact him, but there had been no news from him. She did not know how he was now.

Seeing Qiao Nian's low expression, Gu Zhou comforted her. "Nian'er, don't worry. No news is the best news. Perhaps Chang Feng has already recovered. They're just worried that their identities will be exposed, so they haven't contacted us."

He was comforting her about Chang Feng but in fact, his heart was in a mess. He knew that Chang Feng had leaked all the information about his brother to them, but he couldn't contact Chang Feng now. He didn't know how his brother and Chang Feng were doing.

Qiao Nian smiled and said, "I know. Eldest Senior Brother is so strong. He'll definitely be fine."

Previously, she had heard from Xiao Bao that there seemed to be a senior with especially brilliant medical skills by Eldest Senior Brother's side. She thought that that senior would definitely work hard to save Eldest Senior Brother.

Qiao Nian looked up at Gu Zhou. Seeing his serious expression, she asked, "Why are you suddenly mentioning my Eldest Senior Brother?"

Gu Zhou looked at Qiao Nian in front of him and pulled her into his arms. His voice was hoarse. "There's been no news from them recently…"

Even if Gu Zhou didn't say the rest, Qiao Nian would understand. She couldn't help but sigh.

Due to the vicious people behind them, their families had no choice but to be separated. If there were no such despicable things, would their families be able to live happily ever after?

With this thought in mind, Qiao Nian said, "I hope these things end as soon as possible so that our family can be together."

Gu Zhou's lips curved up slightly. He nodded and said, "I hope this day comes soon."

Qiao Nian nodded. "Yes."

…

Ever since the president and Qiao Nian left, Shen Mei had been lying alone on the bed. Her mind was filled with scenes of Shen An bringing her out to play. Her eyes turned red again.

Shen Mei couldn't help but mutter, "Dad."

She knew that she had forgotten many things in the past, but she had never expected to forget her father.

Shen Mei could no longer lie down. She sat up and picked up a tissue to wipe her tears. After a long while, she calmed down and picked up a book to read.

…

At night.

A man in a black suit walked out of the prison. He followed the servants who were changing shifts out of the palace. He called a car to the abandoned warehouse in the west of the city.

When he arrived at the warehouse, the man picked up a branch from the ground and wrote an Arabic number "2" on the wall.

Princess Annie was the second eldest member of the royal family.

The man walked to a tree and sat down. He lowered his head, trying hard to reduce his presence.

Just then, a fully armed man walked over from afar.

The man, who had been squatting on the ground, noticed him and hurriedly stood up. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

This man was 1.8 meters tall. This was the first time they had met him. With this thought in mind, Amon walked up to the man and handed over the token in his hand.

The man took the token, and his expression instantly changed. He asked impatiently, "How is the general now? Is he okay?"

Amon was slightly stunned. This man's voice had originally been low, and he sounded like a fifty-year-old man. Now, his voice sounded like that of a young man in his twenties.

Amon said seriously, "Don't worry, the general is very safe in the prison, but those people want to kill him. I came out today to discuss how to save the general."