Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1596 Caught

?

Amon handed the letter Princess Annie had previously asked him to bring out to the man and continued, "The princess handed this to me and asked me to give it to you.

The man hurriedly took the letter. He read the contents before closing it. "Looks like those people want to capture the princess and the general in one fell swoop."

"Do you need me to do anything?" Amon asked.

The man stood rooted to the ground and looked at Amon warily. He narrowed his eyes slightly and asked tentatively, "No, we received news that a traitor has already been arrested by the woman from An City. How are you fine?"

When Amon heard the man's words, he knew that he was suspecting him. He frowned and said unhappily, "That woman in An City is indeed cunning, but I refused to admit anything. She didn't notice me at all. Instead, she locked up the person I was spoke about."

When the man heard Amon's words, he said thoughtfully, "Really?"

"How can I be lying?" Amon said calmly, but he was muttering in his heart. He didn't know who was behind this. "I can only say that I found a scapegoat. However, how long that scapegoat can stay inside for is not something I can predict."

Not many people knew that he had gone directly to prison. Moreover, his colleagues all thought that he had gone on a trip.

Who exactly had leaked the news? It seemed that there was another traitor in the presidential palace.

Amon paused for a moment and continued, "My idea is to save her as soon as possible. If I go in later, no one in the palace will be able to help you."

When the man heard Amon's words, he looked at him seriously and nodded. "You're right. We should save the general and the princess as soon as possible, lest trouble arises.

When Amon heard the man's words, he heaved a sigh of relief. It seemed that he had not been exposed.

"Last time, I gave you the ring the princess gave you, but the princess told me that she asked me to look for Earl Mark, hoping that he would make a move."

When the man heard Amon's words, he was relieved. They were really worried about the general.

He took out a wooden box from his pocket and handed it to Amon.

Amon took out the ring from the box and heaved a sigh of relief.

That's right. This was the ring the princess had given him previously. This ring represented Princess Annie, and it was as if he was meeting her in person.

The man instructed, "Hurry up and find Earl Mark. Tell him everything and ask him to save the General and Annie."

Amon lowered his head, trying hard to suppress the smile on his face. Then, he berated loudly, "How dare you? So Cui Qi and Annie are in cahoots!"

"What are you talking about?" The man looked at Amon in disbelief.

"Shut up. I really didn't expect Cui Qi to kidnap Princess Lina for Princess Annie. You're simply too bold!" Amon said righteously.

The man instantly reacted. His expression changed.

He had fallen into a trap!

The man subconsciously wanted to escape, but he did not expect many people to appear around him. One by one, they approached him.

The man touched his waist and realized that he wasn't carrying a gun. He looked at Amon angrily. "How dare you lie to me!"

When Amon heard the man's words, he subconsciously took a few steps back. Although he had already done what Miss Qiao had asked him to do, he was worried that the man in front of him would kill him.

The man stopped talking and hurriedly took out the medicine from his pocket. Just as he was about to swallow it, someone suddenly appeared in front of him. Before he could make a move, the medicine bottle in his hand had already been taken away by that person.

Chen Qing knocked the man out with the back of his hand before getting the others to take him away.

Chen Qing walked up to Amon.

Amon handed the ring to Chen Qing with both hands and said ingratiatingly, "Mr. Chen, this is the token."

Chen Qing took the token from Amon and nodded. "Not bad!"

Then, Chen Qing said to everyone, "Go back!" UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Chen Qing sat in the car and closed his eyes to rest. Cui Qi and Annie, who were Mark's allies, had already been caught. He wondered if Mark would fall into the trap.