Chapter 1598 Gratitude

Only Lina and Chen Qing were left in the private room. Lina glanced at Chen Qing. He was wearing a suit and looked no different from usual.

Lina recalled how Chen Qing had taken off his clothes and hugged her in the cave. Although she was already so uncomfortable that she couldn't open her eyes, she could still feel Chen Qing's burning chest.

The tips of Lina's ears turned slightly red. She picked up her teacup and drank some water, trying to block out the enchanting image in her mind.

Chen Qing had always been quiet and taciturn. He had always been patient. He didn't know why Lina wanted to treat him to a meal, but he waited for Lina to speak.

Lina finally calmed down. She put down the teacup in her hand and looked at Chen Qing with concern in her eyes. "I heard that you went to catch the traitor yesterday?" Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Chen Qing nodded. "Yes."

"Then…" Lina hesitated for a moment before looking at Chen Qing and asking carefully, "Are you injured?"

Chen Qing shook his head. "I brought more people with me. The traitor was caught the moment he appeared."

Lina heaved a sigh of relief and nodded. "That's good."

The private room fell silent again. Lina frowned slightly. She didn't know what to say to Chen Qing either. She said awkwardly, "Actually, that's an internal matter of the European royal family. I'm really sorry for implicating you. You've been helping us out."

Chen Qing looked at the guilty Lina in front of him and didn't know what to say.

Actually, they had come to Europe this time to investigate the kidnapping more than twenty years ago. Even if the President and the others had not suggested it, they would have taken the initiative to do these things.

Actually, they and the European president were just in a mutually beneficial situation.

Chen Qing pursed his lips slightly and said gently, "Seventh Princess, you're too polite. Second Young Master and Second Young Madam helped out because they have their own considerations. I'm doing this under Second Young Master and Second Young Master's orders."

Seeing that Chen Qing had taken the initiative to increase the distance between them, Lina felt a little uncomfortable. Did Chen Qing want to cut ties with her so badly?

Lina took a deep breath and stared unblinkingly at Chen Qing. Since he wanted to cut ties, she would make sure he had no way out. "Chen Qing, we've experienced a lot together. Logically speaking, we're considered life-and-death friends!"

When Chen Qing heard Lina's words, he nodded slightly in agreement.

Lina smiled gently and said, "You call me Seventh Princess every time. Aren't you treating me like an outsider?"

Just as Chen Qing was about to speak, Lina spoke. "We're considered friends. Call me by my name from now on!"

Chen Qing was slightly stunned. Lina had made this request in the past, but he had rejected her. In her opinion, Lina was undoubtedly the princess of Europe.

However, since Lina had already said so, he couldn't refuse again. He could only agree. "Okay."

When Lina heard Chen Qing's words, she heaved a sigh of relief. A trace of starlight flashed in her eyes. Thinking of the question she was about to ask, she couldn't help but feel nervous. She mustered her courage and asked, "Chen Qing, when we were at Cliff Mountain, if the person with you was someone else and that person had been bitten by a snake, you…"

The tips of Lina's ears turned slightly red. She pursed her lips and said, "Will you also help them suck out the snake venom? Then, will you use your body to… help keep them warm?"

When Chen Qing heard Lina's words, a trace of surprise flashed in his eyes. He did not expect Lina to mention the incident at Cliff Mountain.

He nodded without hesitation. "I will."

Chang Feng had saved him. He had been by Chang Feng's side and had always learned to differentiate between good and bad people. Moreover, there were things about duty. The things he learned were used to protect people.

Lina was a good person. It was normal for him to work hard to protect her.

The light in Lina's eyes gradually disappeared. Her heart seemed to be clenched tightly by an invisible hand. It was so painful that she could barely breathe.

So it was only normal for him to suck snake venom and warm up someone's body. He didn't do that because she was special to him.