Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1599 Probing

She had been touched by what Chen Qing did during the incident on Cliff Mountain for a long time, but now that she knew the truth, all that was left in her heart was disappointment.

Lina lowered her gaze slightly, her eyes dejected. She said in a low voice, "Aisha told me that she was going to marry Wright. At the same time, I suddenly realized something. If I wanted to find evidence of Uncle and the others' crimes, going deep into the enemy camp was the best solution. I thought for a long time. I plan to marry Wright." Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

These words had already exhausted all of Lina's courage. She slowly looked up at Chen Qing and asked softly, "Chen Qing, do you think I should marry Wright?"

Chen Qing had also heard that Aisha might be engaged to Wright. He heard that the two of them had already slept together, but Earl Harry did not relent, as if he did not intend to let Aisha and Wright be together.

Wright was a little paranoid. He should be following Earl Mark's instructions when he got engaged with Aisha.

Wright seemed to really like Lina. In Chen Qing's opinion, Wright liked Lina but slept with Aisha. Such a man was not suitable for her.

Chen Qing's frown deepened. Although he had been with Lina for a long time, the difference in their statuses was too great. He didn't know how to speak for a while.

If he treated Lina as a friend, he didn't want Lina to marry Wright. Lina didn't like Wright, and Wright was especially cruel. He might hurt Lina. Lina might not be happy for the rest of her life.

But he was from An City and an ordinary person. Lina was a member of the European royal family.

Almost no member of the European royal family had the freedom to fall in love. They lived an extravagant life, but they still had to marry for the sake of their families.

Chen Qing's frown deepened.

Lina sat opposite Chen Qing. She pursed her lips tightly and stared unblinkingly at Chen Qing. Seeing him frown, she didn't know what he was thinking. She could only wait quietly for Chen Qing's answer.

Chen Qing took a deep breath and looked at Lina. Seeing Lina's confused expression, he said, "Actually, I don't think I'm suitable to answer this question."

Lina's eyes turned slightly red. She lowered her head and gripped the teacup, her hands trembling slightly. She picked up the cup and took a sip of water.

The water suddenly became difficult to swallow. Tears were already welling up in Lina's eyes.

Chen Qing didn't seem to care about her future at all. She had no place in his heart at all.

Chen Qing didn't sense that something was wrong with Lina. Thinking that Lina was listening to him, he continued, "As a friend, I want to say that although Wright likes you, he's not suitable for you. Your happiness should be in your own hands. Whether you insist on marrying him or use other methods to find evidence of Earl Mark's crimes, the choice is all yours."

The tears in Lina's left eye fell uncontrollably. They fell on the back of her hand. They were cold, like her cold heart.

She was now completely certain that Chen Qing didn't like her.

If Chen Qing liked her even a little, he would not rationally analyze her future.

What did he mean by "as a friend"?

Perhaps in Chen Qing's eyes, they were just ordinary friends.

Seeing that Lina had her head lowered, Chen Qing thought that she was in a bad mood. He said softly, "I don't know much about Earl Mark. Through what happened to Princess Annie, I think Earl Mark is a very cunning person. Moreover, through my fight with Wright, I think Wright would do anything to achieve his goal even if he has to be unscrupulous. If you marry Wright, you might not be able to find evidence of Earl Mark's crimes. Instead, you'll be locked up by him. When that happens, you'll be Earl Mark's bargaining chip to restrain the President."

Lina gripped the cup tightly and bit her lower lip. Her eyes grew redder and redder.

If someone else had analyzed these things for her carefully, she would definitely be very grateful to that person.

However, she didn't want Chen Qing to tell her this. If Chen Qing cared about her, he wouldn't have thought too much about it. He would only ask her to give up on this idea without hesitation.

Lina took a deep breath. She was now 100% certain that Chen Qing really didn't like her.