Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1600 Concern

Previously, she had thought that Chen Qing liked her. That was just her imagination.

Lina felt that she should give up. She had tried. She had indeed fallen out of love.

Seeing that Lina had her head lowered in silence, Chen Qing called out worriedly, "Lina?"

Lina was pulled back from her thoughts by Chen Qing's voice. She looked at Chen Qing and nodded seriously. "Yes, I'll consider it again."

Seeing that Lina's eyes were red, Chen Qing thought that Lina might not have slept well last night because of this. He asked worriedly, "Your eyes are a little red and swollen. Did you not rest well last night?"

When Lina heard Chen Qing's concerned words, the smile on her face grew even more desolate.

This was Chen Qing.

Even if he didn't like her, he would still care about her when he saw that she were unwell.

It was precisely because of this that she misunderstood Chen Qing's intentions. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Lina forced a smile and said, "When I first came up, the sand entered my eyes. I was just a little uncomfortable."

"Is it gone now?" Chen Qing asked worriedly, frowning slightly.

Lina nodded. Seeing that Chen Qing was staring at his watch uneasily, she asked, "Is there anything else?"

Chen Qing looked away from his watch and his gaze fell on Lina's face. He said, "Princess Annie might not identify the murderer, so I prepared some other evidence. I thought it might be useful when the court session starts."

When Lina heard Chen Qing's words, her gaze gradually became complicated. Chen Qing was like a robot that was constantly spinning around. His world seemed to only care about others and work.

Wasn't he tired?

Lina pursed her lips. Actually, the trial had a great impact on her and her father, but she was here thinking about her love life, while he was concerned about their family's case.

A trace of guilt flashed in Lina's heart. She said seriously, "Chen Qing, thank you so much. Thank you for taking the trouble to help us handle this matter."

Chen Qing smiled and shook his head, as if he didn't want Lina to keep thinking about this.

Lina looked at Chen Qing's smile and smiled bitterly.

The person she liked didn't like her, but she could only be friends with him. Lina felt terrible. She didn't even have the strength to speak now. After all, it wasn't easy to try hard to control her tears.

Lina picked up her teacup tactically to drink some water.

At this moment, the attendant brought the food over.

Lina lowered her head and ate silently. She liked this medium-well steak the most, but the steak seemed difficult to swallow now.

In less than ten minutes, the two of them finished eating. Seeing that Lina was still sitting there with her head lowered in a low mood, Chen Qing thought that Lina's eyes were still not feeling well. He asked, "Are your eyes feeling very uncomfortable? Shall I take you to Madam and ask her to take a look at you?"

Lina looked up and tried to smile brightly. She shook her head and said, "I'm really fine. Don't worry."

Chen Qing looked at Lina without blinking. Seeing that there was indeed nothing wrong with Lina's eyes, he said, "Thank you for the treat. I still have something on. I'll go back to work first. If you have anything, you can call me again."

With that, Chen Qing walked out.

Lina sat alone. All of her interactions with Chen Qing flashed across her mind.

Chen Qing was afraid that she would fall and supported her waist.

Afraid that she would be hit by a stone, Chen Qing stood in front of her and helped her grab it.

Afraid that she would be poisoned to death by the snake venom, Chen Qing squatted in front of her and sucked out the snake venom.

Afraid that she would be cold, Chen Qing unbuttoned his shirt and hugged her, using his body to warm her up.

…

Once again, Lina's eyes turned red. She bit her lower lip, trying not to cry.

If this wasn't love, then what was it?

How could anyone in this world risk their lives to save another person?

"Chen Qing."

Lina's voice was a little hoarse.

Chen Qing had just placed his hand on the door handle when he heard Lina's voice. He turned around.

However, in the next second, Lina had already run over and thrown herself into his arms.