Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1601 Confession

Chen Qing was stunned. He had never expected Lina to throw herself into his arms like a little butterfly. She was even hugging his waist tightly.

She was small and soft, and her body emitted a gentle and faint fragrance that lingered at the tip of his nose.

Chen Qing subconsciously stopped his hands in midair. For a moment, he didn't know if he should push Lina away.

Lina buried her head in Chen Qing's chest. She smelled Chen Qing's scent. Every time she encountered something, Chen Qing's appearance would always turn the situation around.

His unique aura gradually calmed her restless heart.

Chen Qing.

Whenever Lina thought of Chen Qing, her heart couldn't help but ache. His embrace was so gentle that she yearned for it.

If only time could stop. She only wanted to hug Chen Qing like this. She didn't want to be separated from him.

"Seven…" Chen Qing was about to speak when he remembered that Lina didn't like him calling her the Seventh Princess, so he corrected himself. "Lina, is there anything else?"

Lina's body stiffened. Hearing Chen Qing's words, she closed her eyes helplessly.

When she hugged him, Lina realized that she really couldn't live without Chen Qing. She really only wanted to be with him.

Lina took a deep breath and said in a choked voice, "Chen Qing."

"Hm?"

"Are you sure you can't tell what I mean?" When Lina said this, she couldn't help but hug Chen Qing tightly.

Chen Qing finally understood Lina's intentions. He stood there stiffly, not knowing what to say.

Lina did not receive a response. She reluctantly looked up from Chen Qing's arms and stared unblinkingly at him. She asked seriously, "I like you. Do you like me?"

Chen Qing's pupils dilated slightly as he looked at Lina in disbelief. He hadn't expected Lina to say that. He pursed his lips tightly, not knowing what to say.

Lina's confession was a little sudden.

That wasn't right.

Lina seemed to have been hinting at him previously, but at that time, he had always felt that Lina was like a little princess who couldn't help but be attracted by the novelty of a knight. He had been trying his best to avoid Lina.

He hadn't expected Lina to really like him.

Lina kept hugging Chen Qing. The tip of her nose was filled with his unique aura. It was an aura that made her fearless and at ease. She stared unblinkingly at Chen Qing and said softly, "Nian Nian previously said that we should try not to make ourselves regret anything when we're alive because we will regret it for the rest of our lives. Actually, I wanted to hide my feelings for you in my heart."

"I don't want to regret it for the rest of my life, nor do I want to miss you. Chen Qing, I really like you. It's not the kind of love at first sight, but love that developed over time." Lina pursed her lips slightly, her eyes gradually filled with stars. She smiled. "After being with you for a long time, I like everything about you. As long as I'm with you, I'll be happy. I don't like you because you saved me. I just like you for you."

Lina looked at Chen Qing with a burning gaze and said, "I really just like you. Even if I'm just watching television and eating with you, I'm already very happy even if you don't say anything."

After saying this, Lina's face turned red with shyness, and her heart began to race.

Chen Qing's pupils dilated uncontrollably. He looked down at Lina in front of him, and his heart skipped a beat.

This?

What had happened?

He had actually been confessed to.

And he had been confessed to by a princess of a country… 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Lina looked up at Chen Qing and said seriously, "Chen Qing, I don't know if you're willing to be with me. If you're not, then it doesn't matter who I marry in the future, because the person I want to marry isn't willing to marry me."

She paused for a moment and continued, "What I'm thinking is that if I can't marry the person I like, it doesn't matter who I marry. For Dad, I'm willing to marry Wright, because I know I won't be happy in the future."

Lina didn't understand why she liked Chen Qing so much, but the only thing she was sure of was that she would only be happy if she married Chen Qing.