Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1602 Consideration

Chen Qing looked down at Lina, who was in his arms. She seemed to have cried. There were still tears on her face, but her eyes were filled with hope.

For a moment, he didn't know what to say. In an instant, he felt a huge mountain pressing down on him, and it became difficult to breathe.

He understood what Lina meant. Lina meant that as long as he wasn't willing to be with her, she didn't care about anything else. She was willing to marry Wright for the president.

If he didn't make a choice, Lina would marry Wright.

Even if Lina's plan went well and she obtained evidence of Mark's crimes, it would be very difficult for Lina to escape unscathed from Wright. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Chen Qing met Lina's serious eyes. He knew that Lina was not threatening him.

On the contrary, Lina had only matured. She understood how to choose her future. If she couldn't get love, she planned to dedicate her life to the country.

She was the princess of Europe. She was only doing what she had to do.

Chen Qing frowned slightly and slowly pursed his lips. "Lina…"

Before he could think of anything to say, Lina gave a faint smile and slowly let go of Chen Qing.

Lina lowered her head and stood in front of Chen Qing, her hands behind her back. She looked up at Chen Qing again. "Chen Qing, you don't have to think too much."

Chen Qing saw his face in Lina's eyes and his heart skipped a beat.

Lina pursed her lips slightly and explained seriously, "If you hadn't appeared, I might have chosen to marry Wright without hesitation. However, your appearance gave me a period of happiness."

When Chen Qing heard Lina's words, he clenched his fists involuntarily.

"However, I'm still the princess of Europe after all. I still have to fulfill my duty as a princess. Thank you so much for this period of time." Lina looked at Chen Qing's face. Perhaps she would never have the chance to look at him like this again.

She was speaking from her heart. If it weren't for Chen Qing, her life would have been dark. It was precisely because of Chen Qing that she had such a fairy tale-like experience.

However, reality was not a fairy tale after all. In the end, she could not choose to be with the person she loved.

In the past, she had been a person who cared a lot about the results, but now she was a person who cared a lot about the process.

The time she had spent with Chen Qing was enough for her to reminisce for the rest of her life.

Chen Qing looked at Lina in front of him. Scenes of his interactions with Lina flashed across his mind, and his heart skipped a beat.

Although his rationality told him that he and Lina were not compatible and that they were not suitable, he did not want Lina to marry Wright directly because of his rejection.

He recalled Madam's words before he left. He looked at Lina and said seriously, "Lina, I've never been involved in such things."

Chen Qing chose his words carefully and said, "I need some time to think about this matter clearly. Moreover, you can consider it carefully too."

Chen Qing was stunned by Lina's straightforward words. He really had no emotional experiences, and he didn't know what his feelings for Lina were.

Lina looked at Chen Qing in front of her and slowly gave a sweet smile. She nodded seriously. "Yes, then let's consider this matter carefully and give each other an answer in three days."

When Chen Qing heard Lina's words, he subconsciously heaved a sigh of relief and nodded. "Okay."

After saying this, Chen Qing looked at Lina and asked in a low voice, "Do… do you have anything else to say?"

Lina smiled and shook her head. "No, go ahead."

Chen Qing nodded slightly and turned to open the door to leave.

Lina looked at Chen Qing's back. After he left, he closed the door behind him.

Her heart was beating violently, as if it would jump out of her chest in the next second.

She covered her chest with both hands, her eyes filled with joy. After a long while, she heaved a sigh of relief.

No matter what the outcome was between her and Chen Qing, she had already clearly expressed her feelings. She would never regret it in the future.

Lina walked back to her seat. Resting her chin on one hand, she looked out of the window at the scenery. Her eyes were sparkling, as if they were filled with stars.