Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1603 Confusion

Chen Qing walked to the parking lot. When he sat in the car, his hands were still cold. He had never expected Lina to confess her love for him.

He leaned back in his chair, confusion gradually flashing in his eyes.

From the moment he had his own thoughts, he only knew that he had to protect Second Young Master at all costs.

Ordinary people wanted to get married and have children, but he felt that this was an extravagant hope for him.

If Second Young Master stayed in An City all the time, his job would not be too dangerous. However, as long as he followed Second Young Master overseas, the risk factor would increase to the S level.

How could he give happiness to others when he was not even sure if he would be alive?

Chen Qing looked at a couple passing by in front of him. The man hugged the woman's waist and the two of them walked together. The man said something, and the woman smiled. The man gently kissed the woman's forehead.

Chen Qing pursed his lips tightly and narrowed his eyes. He didn't even have a stable life himself. How could he give Lina a stable and happy life?

He could save Lina when she was in danger, but he didn't want Lina to face so much danger if she married him.

Did he have feelings for Lina?

Chen Qing's eyes gradually filled with confusion. He didn't know if he liked Lina.

At this moment, Chen Qing's phone rang. He took it out and saw that it was a call from the prison.

He was still busy with the court session. How could he have time to think about his personal feelings?

Chen Qing returned to the prison and was about to continue interrogating Amon when he saw Qiao Nian walking out.

Qiao Nian's gaze fell on Chen Qing. Seeing that Chen Qing was in a daze, she called out, "Chen Qing."

When Chen Qing heard Qiao Nian's voice, he stopped in his tracks and said respectfully, "Madam."

Seeing that something was wrong with Chen Qing's expression, Qiao Nian said, "The confession has been sorted out. Come to the office! Help me sort out Amon's confession."

"Yes."

Chen Qing agreed.

In the office, Chen Qing was sitting in the living room, busy organizing documents. Qiao Nian walked over with two glasses of water and handed one to Chen Qing, then sat down opposite him with the other.

"Chen Qing." Seeing that Chen Qing didn't look well, Qiao Nian said, "Do you have something on your mind?"

"Madam." Chen Qing looked at Qiao Nian. Hearing Qiao Nian's words, he shook his head gently. "I'm fine."

"Is that so? But you don't look well." A thought flashed across Qiao Nian's mind. She sat up slightly and asked tentatively, "Did Lina confess to you tonight?"

Chen Qing was slightly stunned. His grip on the keyboard tightened involuntarily. Madam was really amazing. She had actually guessed it. He hesitated for a moment before nodding.

Qiao Nian picked up her teacup and took a sip. Smiling, she said, "Isn't it a good thing that she confessed to you? Why are you unhappy?"

After a pause, Qiao Nian continued, "I think Lina is quite adorable. She doesn't have princess syndrome, and she's especially easy to get along with."

Chen Qing was so nervous that he forgot to even breathe. He looked at Qiao Nian's face for a long time before he found his breath. He knew that Madam was exquisite and clear. He wanted to get some pointers from her. He said seriously, "Madam, the Seventh Princess is a very good person. However, is she really suitable for me?"

When Qiao Nian heard Chen Qing's words, she smiled and put down the cup in her hand. Her lips curved up slightly as she said, "Chen Qing, I remember that you like cars a lot."

Chen Qing nodded.

Qiao Nian rested her chin on one hand and asked curiously, "When you liked cars, did you think about whether you were suitable for that car?" Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Chen Qing was slightly stunned. He had a lot of money. When he saw a car he liked, he would casually buy it as long as the price was not too outrageous. There were more than ten cars in his garage, but he usually did not have time to drive them. However, he was already very happy to see them.

"No." Chen Qing shook his head. Even if it was a limited edition luxury car, he was willing to buy it for himself if he wanted it.

"Isn't that right? If you like someone, you like them. There's no reason. This is what you really like." Qiao Nian smiled and said patiently.