Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1604 Nervous

Qiao Nian continued, "If you want to know if you like someone, you can ignore those external factors. You just have to consider if you like her."

"Perhaps you can use your rationality to restrain your emotions. Your brain can't remember this." Qiao Nian took a sip of water and continued, "But one day, the emotions that have been suppressed by your rationality will be released. When that happens, you realize that you were tempted, but you will also realize that you've already lost the chance."

Seeing Chen Qing's serious expression, Qiao Nian continued, "Instead of considering if you're suitable, why don't you consider if you like her? If you don't, then forget it. If you like her, just do as you want."

Qiao Nian recalled the story of Romeo and Juliet. The two of them were in the wrong families, which was why there was a tragedy. The obstacles in reality were too great.

Chen Qing naturally understood what Qiao Nian meant. He didn't speak. He was thinking more about how a marriage that without matching family backgrounds would work out.

After a long while, Chen Qing said in a daze, "What if… what if I don't know what my feelings for her are?"

Actually, he should have rejected Lina tonight intuitively, but when he saw Lina's eyes reflecting his face, the rejection was stuck in his throat. He didn't want her to be sad, so he couldn't be ruthless.

Qiao Nian smiled and continued, "Take your time. Time will tell you everything." UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Chen Qing pursed his lips and nodded.

"However, we still have to pay attention to the court session tomorrow. This court session is very important to us." Qiao Nian smiled.

"Yes." As soon as Chen Qing finished speaking, his phone rang. When he saw the message, he hurriedly replied. Then, he stood up and said to Qiao Nian, "Madam, Second Young Master called me. I'll go over first."

"Go," Qiao Nian said with a smile. She watched as Chen Qing left. Chen Qing looked especially confused now.

After Chen Qing left, Qiao Nian rested her chin on one hand, her eyes gradually darkening.

It seemed that even if Lina didn't care about her status, Chen Qing seemed to care a lot about this. Chen Qing seemed to be trapped by these things and couldn't see anything else.

Qiao Nian sighed deeply.

Chen Qing walked to the cell door and knocked.

"Come in."

Gu Zhou's cold voice came from inside.

Chen Qing immediately threw his previous worries to the back of his mind. With a serious expression, he walked in and handed Amon's statement to Gu Zhou. From the corner of his eye, he glanced at Cui Qi, who was sitting on the interrogation chair, and said respectfully, "Second Young Master, Amon has already told us everything he knows. Moreover, the token Princess Annie was supposed to give her contact is the ring."

Gu Zhou carefully flipped through Amon's confession. A trace of coldness flashed in his eyes. His gaze fell on Chen Qing's face and he said sternly, "Cui Qi, how else do you want to quibble? Amon has already confessed everything."

Cui Qi looked up at Gu Zhou and sneered. "Mr. Gu, what are you saying? I don't understand at all."

Cui Qi's eyes were filled with arrogance and sharpness.

"Also, who is Amon? I don't know him at all. I don't recognize the ring in your hand either," Cui Qi said expressionlessly.

"Is that so?" As Gu Zhou spoke, his gaze fell on the ring in his hand and he smiled. "You said you don't recognize it, but your fingerprints have already been detected on the ring."

Cui Qi was slightly stunned and frowned.

Fingerpints?

Gu Zhou sat there calmly, the snake wrapped around his arm. He smiled and continued, "It's indeed your fingerprints."

Cui Qi's frown deepened.

Seeing Cui Qi's confused expression, Gu Zhou said considerately, "Perhaps the fingerprints aren't yours."

Cui Qi was even more stunned. He looked at Gu Zhou in surprise, not understanding.

Gu Zhou seemed to sense Cui Qi's confusion. He raised his eyebrows slightly and continued, "General Cui Qi, if I remember correctly, you have an elder brother! However, even if you two are twins, your fingerprints shouldn't be the same. Moreover, your elder brother is five years older than you. His fingerprints must be different from yours."

Gu Zhou retracted his gaze and his gaze fell on the ring in the transparent bag in his hand. "I think the fingerprints on this must be yours. You can't deny it even if you want to."