Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1605 Ten Years Ago

Cui Qi sat there with his head lowered. He had taken the ring previously, so there was no need for Gu Zhou to interrogate him. As long as he told the court about this, the evidence of his collusion with Princess Annie would be confirmed.

Moreover, he had been caught by Gu Zhou on Cliff Mountain. At that time, there were many people who could testify as witnesses. Those people all knew that he wanted to catch the Seventh Princess. His evil motives were already obvious. Even if he wanted to quibble, he could not.

Cui Qi looked up slightly, his gaze lingering on Gu Zhou's face. He just didn't understand why Gu Zhou was mentioning his brother again.

How strange. His brother had long disappeared.

Cui Qi narrowed his eyes slightly, like a hunter hiding in the dark staring at his prey.

Gu Zhou completely ignored Cui Qi's gaze. He just looked at him calmly, trying to see if he could get what he wanted in Cui Qi's eyes.

The two of them looked at each other for a few seconds. Cui Qi was the first to admit defeat. He pursed his lips and his gaze fell on Gu Zhou's face. His voice was hoarse. "Gu Zhou, what exactly do you want to do?"

Gu Zhou's lips curved up slightly, but the smile did not reach his eyes. He crossed his right leg naturally over his left and said slowly, "I just want to talk to you about what happened ten years ago."

Cui Qi clenched his fists tightly on the armrest of the chair, but he quickly let go. He smiled coldly, his eyes filled with sorrow. "Mr. Gu is really good at chatting."

"Thank you for your compliment." Gu Zhou thanked her shamelessly. He casually twirled the pendant on his right thumb and continued, "Ten years ago, the Cui family almost suffered a catastrophe. The President suspected that your father was corrupt and killed him."

Although Gu Zhou had only said a few words, these words were Cui Qi's lifelong pain.

The Cui family had served the European president for generations. No matter who the president was, they would only be loyal to him!

His father was the same, but the current president was suspicious. The president actually suspected that his father was corrupt.

The Cui family had been clean and loyal for generations. The assets left behind by the Cui family's ancestors were enough for their descendants to live without worry for dozens of generations.

But the president actually suspected that his father had embezzled money?

The more he thought about this reason, the more ridiculous it sounded.

Later on, he understood that his father's embezzlement was just an excuse given by the president. The president was afraid of the power in his father's hands. At that time, the European army was all at his father's disposal.

Cui Qi bit his lower lip. Perhaps the president only wanted to kill his father, so he stopped after killing him.

Seeing that Cui Qi was silent, Gu Zhou continued, "Your father was a general in Europe. After he passed away, the president rewarded you with your father's position of general."

Cui Qi narrowed his eyes sinisterly. He had never understood the president's move.

If he were the president and killed the pillar of a family, he would take the opportunity to destroy the entire family. He would snatch all the wealth of that family, leaving them with no place to make a comeback.

What cannot be burned out by a prairie fire will grow again with the spring breeze

How could he leave a hidden danger behind?

After his father passed away, not only did the president not confiscate the entire family's assets, but five years later, he even rewarded him with the title of Great General. The soldiers he led were also raised by his father.

It was precisely because of this that he had relied on his ability and his father's military ambitions to quickly win over people's hearts and make them work for him wholeheartedly.

Later on, when he had the ability, he investigated the matter of the president asking him to be a general. It turned out that Earl Mark had told the president that the person who had embezzled money back then was not his father, but General Saul.

Under Earl Mark's reminder, the president pretended to restore his father's position. At the same time, he gave him the position of general as a consolation prize. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Gu Zhou sat where he was. He seemed to have seen through Cui Qi's eyes what he was thinking. He smiled coldly. "Don't tell me you're naive enough to think that the president feels that he owes your father and wants to make it up to you!"

Cui Qi looked up at Gu Zhou coldly. He looked like he believed this had always been the case.