Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1606 Naive

"How naive." Gu Zhou looked at Cui Qi sympathetically and said calmly, "There's actually someone as naive as you in this world."

Cui Qi slapped the armrest of the chair angrily. The sound of metal chains colliding resounded throughout the interrogation room. That ear-piercing and desolate sound was like Cui Qi's silent roar.

He took a deep breath. Usually, when he interrogated prisoners, he would use such a method to ruthlessly poke the prisoners' weaknesses, making them tell the truth in exasperation.

Gu Zhou slowly stood up and walked up to Cui Qi. He looked down at him. There was no disdain in his eyes, only sympathy. "Cui Qi, I really didn't expect you to be so naive. If your father finds out about what you've done, he'll probably be so angry that he'll climb up from hell!"

Cui Qi panted heavily. He looked at Gu Zhou with a dark expression and questioned, "What exactly do you mean? If you have something to say, just say it. Don't dawdle!"

Gu Zhou threw the document in his hand onto the desk in front of Cui Qi. He pursed his lips and said, "Take a look for yourself. I can't even be bothered to say anything."

Cui Qi hesitated for a moment before picking up the document. After opening it, he looked at the document inside. He quickly scanned the first page, then his gaze fell on the second page.

Cui Qi's azure pupils instantly dilated, and shock was written all over his face. His hand, which was holding the document, trembled uncontrollably.

"This… this is impossible!" Cui Qi shook his head and looked at the information with a pained expression. He continued flipping through it. He bit his lip, and his eyes instantly turned red.

A 1.8-meter-tall man was reading a document with red-rimmed eyes.

Gu Zhou leaned back in his chair, his gaze fixed on Cui Qi's face.

Cui Qi's eyes grew redder and redder, but his face was as pale as white paper. He was fully focused on the document in his hand. When he finished reading the last page of information, his face was ashen. In a daze, he placed the document on the table in front of him. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Gu Zhou looked at Cui Qi's face and said indifferently, "Cui Qi, I think you should be able to tell the authenticity of this information."

Gu Zhou understood that Cui Qi had already believed the contents of the document.

"No." Cui Qi shook his head and said stubbornly, "This document must have been forged. It's definitely not real. You're a liar. You clearly want me to testify against Earl Mark, so you forged this document to lie to me. Let me tell you, I'm not that stupid."

Gu Zhou sneered. His gaze lingered on Cui Qi's face before he said, "Lie to you? Why would I lie to you? Cui Qi, should I say that you're naive, or that you're stupid?"

Cui Qi bit his lip and remained stubbornly silent. He looked down at the document on the table.

"Let's not talk about anything else. You've been a general for five years, right? In the past five years, don't tell me you don't know how dark the battles in the royal family have been?" Gu Zhou paused for a moment and continued, "A person in the dark actually doesn't feel that he's in the dark. Perhaps your eyes have already been blinded."

Cui Qi looked at Gu Zhou with red-rimmed eyes. He bit his lip and remained silent.

Gu Zhou gently twirled the pendant on his thumb and stared unblinkingly at Cui Qi, his eyes cold. "I think you know very well what kind of person Mark is!"

"Back then." Cui Qi's lips parted slightly. Suppressing his tears, he enunciated each word clearly. "My father saved Earl Mark's life. Even if the royal family has a dark side, Earl Mark once blocked an arrow for me!"

"Lord Earl Mark wasn't in good health. He was shot by an arrow and almost died before he managed to survive!" Cui Qi's words were not only to convince Gu Zhou, but also himself.

He still couldn't believe what was written on the document.

Back then, when the President received a letter reporting his father's corruption, it was actually written by the Earl?

Was it also Earl Mark who had brought people to the house and found the stolen money?

How was this possible?

Why did Earl Mark do this?

Unfortunately, he was studying overseas at that time and did not know his family's situation at all.