Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1607 A ruse to gain sympathy

Gu Zhou seemed to know what Cui Qi was thinking. He said calmly, "Is that so? Don't you understand what a ruse to gain sympathy is?"

Gu Zhou's casual words were like a sharp dagger stabbing into Cui Qi's chest. It was so painful that Cui Qi could not say a word.

The document said that Earl Mark was sitting in a cafe outside his house and let his subordinates enter his house to raid it.

When the stolen money was found, the Earl went to consult the president. At that time, the president handed the matter to Mark and asked him to investigate the corruption.

However, Mark was unwilling to investigate, so he got someone to kill his father.

After his father passed away, he rushed back from overseas when he heard the news.

After that, the house fell into chaos.

His mother couldn't accept the shock of his father's death and took sleeping pills to die after losing the love of her life. His eldest brother had also disappeared. He had handled his parents' funeral alone.

Later on, for some reason, the room he was staying in caught fire. It was at that time that Earl Mark rushed in desperately and left with him.

It was also because of that fire that he was disfigured.

It was precisely because of this that he felt that the president was a lunatic. He had killed his father for his own selfish desires and even wanted to kill him.

But now, the information Gu Zhou had given him had already challenged his understanding. He said that all of this was done by Mark. Mark had done all of this because he wanted him to submit to Mark.

He had indeed followed Mark and given all the power of the army to him. He became a dog by Mark's side. If Mark wanted anyone's life, he would rush forward without hesitation.

He was a human being. Why was everything he had done all these years no different from a dog?

Cui Qi slowly closed his eyes. No, Gu Zhou was wrong. Mark had done him a favor. He was just repaying him.

Gu Zhou picked up the teacup at the side and took a slow sip. "Let's not look at the evidence. Let's look at the benefits."

Cui Qi looked at Gu Zhou in confusion.

Gu Zhou continued, "When your father was alive, he had always been loyal to the President. Am I right?"

When Cui Qi heard Gu Zhou's words, he nodded. His father followed the will of his ancestors and was only loyal to the president.

"Ever since your father passed away, the President lost a powerful helper, and Mark has you as a powerful helper. With your power, Mark will have the strength to go against the President." Gu Zhou's every word was like a knife, stabbing Cui Qi's chest again and again. "Originally, Earl Harry and Earl Mark could only go against the President if they combined their strength. Now, Earl Harry has already chosen to protect himself and reduce his presence. However, Earl Mark is getting stronger and stronger, to the point where he can go against the President."

Gu Zhou looked at Cui Qi's pale face and said slowly, "In fact, Earl Mark's strength has almost surpassed the president's!"

Cui Qi seemed to have fallen into darkness. It was as if there was a huge mountain pressing down on him. The mountain was still growing larger and larger. He was about to be crushed to death by it.

Could it be that the Cui family was just one of Mark's steps to weaken the president?

How was this possible?

Cui Qi's mind was in a mess.

At this moment, the door of the interrogation room opened from the outside. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Cui Qi looked up. When his sharp gaze saw the president at the door, he paused for a moment.

Seeing the president enter, Gu Zhou stood up very politely and greeted, "President."

When the President saw Gu Zhou, he nodded slightly. He walked up to Gu Zhou and patted his shoulder. Some words of gratitude were not suitable to be said. This way, he could be considered to be expressing his gratitude.

Cui Qi immediately became vigilant when the president came in.

In his subconscious mind, the president was the person who killed his father. He had to be wary of the president.

The president and Gu Zhou sat side by side. His gaze fell on Cui Qi's face and he said with a complicated expression, "Your eyebrows are very similar to your father's. In the blink of an eye, your father has already left for ten years."

"There's no need for you to say such hypocritical things here." Cui Qi looked at the president with hatred written all over his face. If it weren't for the president, his family would definitely be fine. Why would they be separated?