Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1608 Deep Pain

Previously, Cui Qi had hidden his desire to kill the president, but now that he had already become a prisoner, he couldn't be bothered to hide his killing intent anymore.

If it was the president who was locked up, that would be even better. He wanted to cut off every piece of flesh on the president's body bit by bit and make his life a living hell!

"Although you look like your father, you're far inferior to him." After the president spoke, a faint smile appeared on his lips. Although he did not praise Cui Qi, his tone was like an elder who cared about the younger generation.

Cui Qi looked at the president with red-rimmed eyes. He didn't understand how the president could mention his father so casually in front of him.

He was the murderer of his father. He really didn't feel guilty at all.

However, Cui Qi quickly understood. If the president really felt guilty, why did he kill his father back then?

Cui Qi gritted his teeth and said, "Do you think I'll believe the information you've meticulously fabricated? Mr. President, you've really gone to a lot of trouble to interrogate me."

Panting heavily, Cui Qi looked at the president with a dark expression.

"Cui Qi, I watched you grow up. I know you're one-track-minded, unlike your brother. Your brother is quite quick-witted." As the president spoke, he handed a letter to Cui Qi. The envelope was a little yellow, as if it had been there for a long time. "I roughly understand why Mark made your brother disappear, but he made you a general in Europe."

Cui Qi's hands trembled slightly as he listened to the president. He pursed his lips.

Back then, everyone said that his brother was wise and was most suitable to be his father's successor. The Cui family would definitely become stronger in his brother's hands.

Seeing that Cui Qi did not take the letter, the president casually threw it on the table. "Perhaps you don't believe that information, but you can take a look at this letter. After you're done reading it, you can consider carefully if your current attitude is right!"

Cui Qi's gaze fell on the envelope on the table. He hesitated for a moment, then opened it.

The paper in the envelope was already yellowing. His expression changed drastically as he read the handwriting.

This was Mark's handwriting!

Both Mark and he relied on letters to communicate. Mark often wrote down what he was asked to do and asked someone to hand it to him.

In Mark's words, technology was very advanced now. If he sent a message by phone, it would be very easily discovered. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

After reading the letter, he could just destroy it. That would be safer.

Cui Qi continued reading the letter.

"My dear president's younger brother, I saw General Cui Si get someone to drive four trucks into the Cui family's backyard yesterday. I felt that this matter was very strange, so I sent someone to keep an eye on it. I realized that the four trucks contained a lot of firearms, gold, and jewelry. I suspect that his family is embezzling money. Perhaps he's rebelling. For the sake of the stability of our European country, I hope we will deal with the situation carefully…"

In just a few words, not only did he say that his family was corrupt, but he also said that they wanted to rebel.

Cui Qi looked at the letter in shock, his entire body trembling. He read the letter again and again, trying to deny that it was Mark's handwriting.

But he was disappointed. This was clearly a handwritten letter from Mark.

He had always known that Mark was an ambitious person. Mark never used a full stop when he wrote letters. He only used ellipsis at the end.

In the eyes of others, the ellipsis meant nothing, but in Cui Qi's opinion, it represented an extension of the future. He could be filled with endless anticipation for the future.

The president looked at Cui Qi calmly. Seeing that Cui Qi seemed to believe the contents of the letter, he said, "Actually, Mark saw that I didn't intend to deal with Cui Si back then, so he ran to me and swore that Cui Si was a traitor!"

"That's impossible!" Cui Qi said without hesitation.

"Of course I know that it's impossible for Cui Si to betray the country. Cui Si played a huge role in helping me secure my position as the president." At this point, the president paused. "I told my brother that I was the one who asked Cui Si to guard those weapons, gold, and jewelry. My brother insisted that Cui Si was corrupt and involved in bribes. He even said that it was impossible for Cui Si to have so much gold, silver, and jewelry."