Chapter 1609 The Truth

Cui Qi looked at the president in disbelief. He did not expect that the president, who he had always thought had ruined his family, had actually been defending his father.

"But Brother also said that he had seen Cui Si carrying a box of gold, silver, and jewelry into the house previously. He said that it was expensive." The President's gaze landed on Cui Qi's face and he continued, "At that time, my disagreement with Brother had yet to be made public. At that time, I thought that no matter how much he messed around, he wouldn't do anything too outrageous."

Cui Qi frowned at the president, his eyes filled with sorrow.

The president continued, "He took the initiative to investigate. At that time, I told him to investigate secretly. He couldn't malign a good person. In the end, that night, he came to the palace and handed over Cui Si's confession."

A confession?

The blood drained from Cui Qi's face. His eyes were red as he gripped the letter tightly. He was so angry that his lips were trembling.

Mark!

Mark!

It turned out that for so many years, he had always taken sides with the enemy. He had always worked hard for Mark. Now, he was told that his family's tragedy was caused by Mark.

Cui Qi slammed his hands on the table. The documents on the table instantly fell to the ground, scattering everywhere.

"Mark! Mark!" Cui Qi was burning with anger. Not only was he angry that he had helped his enemy, but he was also angry that he had treated Mark as the closest person to him.

From the beginning, Cui Qi knew that he was not the most outstanding person because he was far inferior to his brother. He was just an honest person. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

He didn't have that many tricks up his sleeve, let alone think that Mark had killed his father for his own selfish reasons.

Mark was really something. He had really calculated everything!

Cui Qi looked at the president with red-rimmed eyes and asked loudly, "Where's my brother? Didn't you want to kill me and my brother back then?"

"Cui Qi, don't you think your question is ridiculous?" The president's gaze fell on Cui Qi's face, and his lips curved into a mocking smile. "When did I give the order to kill you? After Cui Si died, I didn't react. I was about to get someone to investigate again, but your brother disappeared. As for you, you were saved from the fire by Mark."

The president looked at Cui Qi coldly and said in a cold voice, "If I really wanted to kill you, why would I confer you the title of general five years later? I still have the final say in this European country. Do you think I can make you a general when I have a grudge against you?"

"I'm the president. I know what to do to benefit the country. If I really kill your father, I'll definitely eliminate you completely. I won't let you live well in this world." The president's eyes were filled with sorrow. In the past, he had heard from Cui Si that Cui Qi was a little stupid and stubborn. "Can he really save you by pleading? For the sake of Europe, I don't even care if I sacrifice my life. How can his pleading be useful?"

The president slowly closed his eyes and continued, "If it weren't for the fact that you're your father's son, I wouldn't spend the time to tell you so much."

Every time he thought of Mark bringing Cui Si's confession to the palace five years ago, he couldn't help but feel a chill run down his spine.

Cui Si was a minister. Before he became president, Cui Si had saved him several times when his life was in danger.

Cui Si was a good friend to him.

It was precisely because Mark wanted to kill Cui Si that he realized that Mark would not care about brotherhood at all. He began to guard against Cui Si.

If he didn't make preparations as soon as possible, Mark might have been the one who decided the fate of the entire European country.

Cui Qi's body softened and he collapsed into a chair.

The president was right. He was a general, and he had never shown mercy to those traitors.

At this moment, he felt that he was really stupid. He had actually been foolishly helping his enemy.

He looked at the angry President in front of him. Five years ago, Mark's power wasn't strong enough, but his father had died. At that time, Mark still had the army. No wonder the case back then had become an unsolved case. The President had never sealed the verdict.