Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Chapter 1610 Disappointment

Although he was the president of Europe, most of the time, he had no choice.

Cui Qi narrowed his eyes slightly. At that time, his mother had died because of love, and his brother had disappeared. He was the only one left in the family.

His brother was smart. If his brother had stayed by Mark's side, he might have investigated the ins and outs of the matter long ago.

He could understand the president's situation at that time. He just felt that he was the most despicable person. He had always worked for his enemies. His father knew what he had done in the netherworld and probably died with his eyes wide open.

Seeing that Cui Qi already believed him, the president understood that Cui Qi had already sorted out the ins and outs of the matter. He looked at Cui Qi and said in disappointment, "In the past five years, I've never treated you badly. I let you regain control of the Cui family army. I never expected you to be involved with Mark. If it weren't for the incident at Cliff Mountain, I wouldn't have known that you had become his lackey. You even listened to Mark and wanted to kidnap the princess. You… you've really disappointed me."

Cui Qi glanced at the president with red-rimmed eyes and immediately lowered his head to apologize.

It was a huge joke that he was still alive. He was too ashamed to continue living.

"Whether you talk about what happened between you and Mark or not, on account of your father, I won't pursue your criminal responsibility. After all, Lina wasn't really hurt. It's just that from now on, you can only live in the slums and never leave. I really feel sorry for Cui Si. You've forgotten your Cui family's ancestral teachings." The president sighed and finally said, "Back then, it wasn't just the Cui family who helped me rise to the top. The other families still maintain their honor until now."

Cui Qi lowered his head, tears falling one by one. His voice was a little choked as he said, "President, if… if I can give evidence of Mark's guilt, then my father's innocence…"

"Your father was innocent to begin with." The president glared at Cui Qi and expected better from him. "If Mark hadn't given me too much pressure, I would have overturned Cui Si's case and cleared his name long ago. You don't have to tell me about this."

Towards the end, the president looked at Cui Qi with sorrow, like an elder looking at a junior who had made a mistake. He slowly closed his eyes and said sadly, "I really didn't expect you to ruin the Cui family's loyalty to the president for the past few hundred years."

Cui Qi pursed his lips tightly, holding back his harsh tears. He stared unblinkingly at the president and said calmly, "President, I'm willing to bear the consequences of the mistakes I've made. Don't worry, I won't disappoint you. I'll turn myself in in court and explain all my dealings with Mark."

When the president heard Cui Qi's words, he should have been happy. However, Cui Qi made the wrong decisions. Otherwise, the Cui family's honor could still be preserved.

The president's eyes were a little red. He looked at Cui Qi in front of him, his eyes filled with disappointment. It wasn't Cui Qi's words that disappointed him, but because of what he had done previously.

He stood up and walked up to Cui Qi, gently patting his shoulder.

Cui Qi looked up at the President. In a daze, he returned to a memory from ten years ago. At that time, his father had brought him to see the President, and the President had patted his shoulder.

"Cui Qi looks honest. He definitely won't make you worry in the future."

Cui Qi came back to his senses. Seeing the helplessness and sadness in the president's eyes, he said in a low voice, "I'm sorry."

"I knew in the past that you were honest and wouldn't let us worry, but we didn't expect anyone to take advantage of your honesty." The president sighed helplessly. "If I had told you the truth early after the incident, we might not have come to this point. Actually, I didn't tell the truth at that time because I was afraid that you would settle scores with Mark. You were still a child."

The President sighed and called Gu Zhou out.

When the president walked to the door, he glanced at the guard and said sternly, "Strengthen your guard. If anything happens to Cui Qi, I'll have your head!"

This was the first time the guard had seen the president so serious. He immediately nodded. "Yes."