Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1611 Doubts

Cui Qi was left alone in the interrogation room. Cui Qi clenched his fists tightly, his eyes filled with gloom and hatred.

Mark.

He wanted Mark to die!

Only when Mark was dead could the anger in his heart dissipate.

Cui Qi recalled how his father had left the palace with him. At that time, he had asked curiously, "Dad, why did you bring me to the president?"

In the past, his father often brought his brother to and from the palace.

He remembered very clearly that his father had patted his head and said with a smile, "The Cui family's mission is to protect the president. You're getting older. You should get to know the president more often and learn how to protect him."

"Dad, I can't work in the palace now, right?"

"That doesn't matter. Every child of the Cui family has to enter the palace often and get familiar with the president. Treat the president as your family member. Treat the president as your elder now. That way, you won't hesitate to protect the president."

"Dad, I don't think that's the case with other families."

"Cui Qi, the Cui family's ancestral teachings are to treat the president as family."

Cui Qi came back to his senses and slowly closed his eyes. His father often said that he was honest and obedient. He would never take the wrong path.

But he seemed to have disappointed his father. He hadn't listened to his father or protected the president well.

He had let down the Cui family's ancestors.

He knew that the president was kind. The president had only asked him to live in the slums. His family had not been chased to the slums because of him.

He wanted to tell his son to abide by the Cui family's ancestral teachings and protect the president for generations.

He would never let his son make the same mistake he had made again.

…

The president and Gu Zhou came out. After taking a few steps, they bumped into Qiao Nian.

As soon as the snake on Gu Zhou's arm saw Qiao Nian, it immediately got down and quickly crawled up to her. Naturally, it crawled up Qiao Nian's leg to her arm, staring unblinkingly at her face.

When Qiao Nian saw the little snake, her lips curved up slightly. She gently patted its head and said with a smile, "Did you miss me?"

When the snake heard Qiao Nian's words, it hurriedly rubbed its head against her palm, looking adorable as if it was responding to Qiao Nian's question.

A trace of surprise flashed in the President's eyes. He smiled and said, "Generally speaking, this snake will only acknowledge one master. It's arrogant by nature. Looks like it really likes you."

Seeing how friendly the snake and Qiao Nian were, Gu Zhou recalled the first time the two of them had met.

At that time, the snake had almost bitten Qiao Nian to death. In the end, Qiao Nian had grabbed the seven-inch snake and wanted to refine it into medicine.

In the blink of an eye, more than a year had passed.

His gaze fell gently on Qiao Nian's face. A lot had happened in the past year.

Qiao Nian smiled and said, "Actually, it's usually very obedient, but no one understands it."

In the prison, Amon shed tears silently. He had been bitten terribly.

Qiao Nian brought the snake to the president and Gu Zhou and said, "You can go back first. I just found out that Mark is plotting a rebellion. I want to confirm it with Cui Qi."

Gu Zhou looked at Qiao Nian's face, which had lost a lot of weight. Qiao Nian had been busy these past few days and was quite tired. "Okay."

If only they could return to An City. He could let Qiao Nian recuperate well.

Qiao Nian smiled at the president and said, "Then I'll see you later."

The president gave a faint smile and nodded. "You've worked hard."

Qiao Nian smiled and glanced at Chen Qing, then walked towards Cui Qi's interrogation room with the snake.

Chen Qing naturally followed Qiao Nian.

The President watched as Qiao Nian and Chen Qing left. His blue eyes narrowed slightly, and a complicated look flashed in them.

If Qiao Nian really just wanted to treat Madam, why was she so enthusiastic about the interrogation?

Even though Qiao Nian had inadvertently gotten involved and he had asked them to help investigate the case, her attitude was very serious, as if she was investigating the case for her own sake. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Could Qiao Nian have other motives?

The president's expression changed slightly. He could not act rashly for the time being. He would observe first.

Gu Zhou, who was standing beside the president, also noticed the president's expression. He pursed his lips slightly and slowly fumbled with the ring on his thumb.