Chapter 1612 Exposed

Previously, they had finally dispelled the president's doubts, but this time, he was suspicious again.

The intuition of those in power had always been sharp. It was easier for them to discover more problems through small matters.

Gu Zhou pursed his lips slightly. He only hoped that Qiao Nian would be able to get something out of him this time.

"Mr. Gu, let's go." The President retracted his gaze and looked at Gu Zhou.

Gu Zhou said indifferently, "Let's go."

The president was slightly stunned. He gave Gu Zhou a deep look and did not say anything. He followed Gu Zhou out.

Qiao Nian walked to the door of Cui Qi's interrogation room. She couldn't help but feel nervous.

She had a feeling that as long as she finished talking to Cui Qi, she would know about the kidnapping twenty years ago.

She felt even more afraid of being close to her childhood. Her hand was on the doorknob, but she did not push it open for a long time. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

She took a deep breath before pushing the door open and walking in. She saw the high-spirited Cui Qi lowering his head like a defeated rooster. It was as if his soul had been sucked out and only his body was left.

Qiao Nian stood at the door and looked at Cui Qi. Cui Qi was enveloped in a dispirited aura. Logically speaking, this aura shouldn't have appeared on him.

Back at Cliff Mountain, even if Gu Zhou had a gun to his head, Cui Qi had no intention of lowering his head.

More than once, Cui Qi had wanted to kill Gu Zhou by surprise, but Gu Zhou had always controlled him.

If Cui Qi wasn't worried about the safety of his subordinates, someone like him would never surrender.

Qiao Nian closed the door of the interrogation room and walked to the chair opposite Cui Qi. She sat down and stared unblinkingly at Cui Qi.

When Cui Qi was arrested, the president had never expected the person chasing after Lina to be Cui Qi. It had to be known that the Cui family had been loyal to the president for generations. This was engraved in the bones of the descendants of the Cui family.

The president asked his trusted aide to investigate the incident. In the end, he realized that although Cui Qi appeared to be loyal to him, the person he was actually loyal to was his brother, Mark.

The president also discovered that the reason why Cui Qi was loyal to Mark was very likely because of his father, Cui Si.

He and Cui Si were actually good friends, which was why he took care of Cui Si's orphan, Cui Qi.

However, he had never expected Mark to set him up like this back then, turning him into the enemy who had killed his father in Cui Qi's eyes.

Actually, back then, Mark didn't write a letter. Instead, he told the president about that matter directly. In order to ease the relationship between the brothers, the president pretended to trust Mark and asked him to investigate that matter.

But Mark didn't investigate that matter at all. He killed Cui Si without hesitation.

The president had seen that Cui Si was dead and that the Cui family was about to collapse. He didn't want the Cui family to be lost just like that. He made Cui Qi a general when he was about the same age.

The president also knew that Cui Qi was a stubborn person. If Cui Qi didn't see any evidence, he wouldn't believe him and would treat him as the enemy who had killed his father. He told him what Mark had told him back then and got someone to imitate Mark's handwriting to write a letter.

The president had found several people to imitate him, but none of them could do it.

Qiao Nian was extremely talented in painting, so she took the initiative to try to imitate it. Actually, she had to try more than ten times before she could write an identical and flawless letter.

Indeed, Cui Qi believed him.

That letter was like the last straw that broke the camel's back. Cui Qi was in so much pain that he wanted to die.

Qiao Nian looked at Cui Qi. She recalled how she had been deceived by the Qiao family for so long. Although the Qiao family didn't treat her well, Grandma Qiao really doted on her. The Qiao family had only adopted her for selfish reasons and didn't kill her family.

But Cui Qi was different. Mark had killed Cui Qi's family.

If Mark hadn't killed Cui Si, how could the Cui family have fallen?

"Cui Qi," Qiao Nian called out.

When Cui Qi heard Qiao Nian's voice, he slowly looked up. His eyes had long lost their light, like those of a dying person.

Qiao Nian looked at Cui Qi. Such a proud person must feel terrible knowing the truth.

Cui Qi's lips twitched slightly. He looked at Qiao Nian warily. "Miss Qiao, your motive for coming to Europe isn't simple. Why exactly are you by the president's side?"