Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1613 Saying the Wrong Words

Cui Qi's voice was very hoarse. He stared fixedly at Qiao Nian, as if trying to tell if what Qiao Nian was about to say was true.

Qiao Nian looked at Cui Qi in front of her and was only stunned for a moment. She quickly reacted.

Cui Qi realized that she was so active in the case because she must have other intentions.

Someone as vigilant as the president probably suspected her too.

Qiao Nian nodded gently and said without hesitation, "I think you know the Lu family in An City!"

When Cui Qi heard Qiao Nian's words, he nodded slightly and continued, "I naturally know that. Back then, Old Master Lu was very close to the previous president."

"Huh?" Qiao Nian frowned slightly, puzzled.

"Back then, when Europe was being harassed by its neighboring countries, it was Old Master Lu who helped provide weapons assistance to the previous president." Cui Qi explained briefly.

Qiao Nian recalled Matriarch Gu's words and roughly understood what Cui Qi meant. ğ’‚ll new stğ’ries at n0ve/lbi/ğ’(.)cğ’m

However, since Cui Qi knew about the Lu family, the rest would be easy to handle.

"Then do you know about the kidnapping of the eldest daughter of the Lu family twenty years ago?" Qiao Nian stared unblinkingly at Cui Qi.

When Cui Qi heard Qiao Nian's words, his expression faltered slightly. He continued, "Miss Qiao, are you sure you should ask me about this? At that time, I was still a young master. How could I know about the kidnapping of the eldest daughter of the Lu family, Lu Nian?"

Qiao Nian's red lips curved up slightly. She stared unblinkingly at Cui Qi and continued, "Cui Qi, I don't think I've mentioned the name of the eldest daughter of the Lu family!"

Cui Qi was slightly stunned. For a moment, he didn't notice that he had said it.

Qiao Nian stared unblinkingly at Cui Qi and continued, "Perhaps you didn't know about the kidnapping twenty years ago, but after you became a general, I think you should know a little about it!"

Cui Qi lowered his head and said nothing. When he thought of what he had done for Mark over the past five years, he yearned to slap himself.

Seeing Cui Qi's dejected expression, Qiao Nian heaved a sigh of relief and said gently, "The president knows what you've done but didn't implicate your family. Moreover, he knows that your father was wronged. At that time, your brother disappeared, and he suspected that Mark was behind it. He's working hard to find your brother now."

When Cui Qi heard Qiao Nian's words, his eyes grew redder and redder. He bit his lower lip, his father's face appearing in his mind again.

"Cui Qi, the Cui family has been loyal to the president for generations. The Cui family shouldn't participate in the struggle for the president. As long as they are loyal to every president, the Cui family can rise further."

Cui Qi slowly closed his eyes, his eyelashes trembling.

He hadn't listened to his father, which was why he had ended up like this.

In history, only the person on the throne was suspicious of the ministers. No minister was suspicious of the person on the throne.

He shouldn't have distrusted the president.

Seeing that Cui Qi was already starting to change his expression, Qiao Nian continued, "Mark has always been careful. It's not easy for the core members around him to tell the truth. That's because he treated those people the same way he treated you, making them fall head over heels for him. That's why I want to know the details. Only then can I bring Mark down in one go. You look unwilling to tell me now. Do you have any concerns?"

When Cui Qi heard Qiao Nian's words, he looked up at her and smiled. "Miss Qiao, I don't want to say anything now. I'll only say it in court."

"You're asking me what my concerns are. My family is still in Mark's hands. If you take action tonight, they won't survive." Cui Qi's gaze fell on Qiao Nian's face and he said seriously, "You have a family as well. You don't want to lose your family, right?"

Qiao Nian was slightly stunned. Only then did she realize that there were people from Mark's family in Cui Qi's house.

No wonder Cui Qi would only be willing to speak in court. It seemed that Cui Qi hoped that the president would catch Mark directly in court. That way, the spies in Cui Qi's family would be leaderless, and his family would be safe.

If it were her, she would do the same.

She looked at the darkness in Cui Qi's eyes and sighed softly.