Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1614 Wanting an Answer

?

Cui Qi's parents were already gone, and his brother's whereabouts were unknown. He only wanted to protect his family.

Qiao Nian looked at Cui Qi and smiled. She nodded and agreed. "I understand your worry, but I really want to know the answer."

Cui Qi leaned back in his chair, his gaze falling on Qiao Nian's face.

"Is the kidnapping of the eldest daughter of the Lu family more than twenty years ago related to Mark?" Worried that Cui Qi would be unwilling to speak, Qiao Nian said sincerely, "I just want an answer. No matter what the answer is, I won't do anything or make a fuss. I'll still remain silent."

Cui Qi looked at Qiao Nian's face and sighed heavily. Then, he nodded.

Qiao Nian's face turned pale when she received the answer in her heart.

Indeed, her guess was right.

It was an accident that the President and Shen Mei got to know each other. Later on, the President secretly took Shen Mei away and even gave her plastic surgery. All of this meant that the President was trying to erase Shen Mei's past.

When the kidnapping of the eldest daughter of the Lu family happened, the president was at his lowest point. The entire European country was in turmoil because they wanted to choose the heir to the throne.

The president was very weak. He only gradually became stronger later.

He used to be a person who could not even take care of himself. How could such a person have the chance to kidnap the eldest daughter of the Lu family, let alone leave no clues?

At that time, Mark was very strong. Mark had many supporters in different government departments. It was easy for him to kidnap the eldest daughter of the Lu family and erase all traces.

Actually, Qiao Nian heaved a sigh of relief. Only by knowing who the enemy was could she take preventive measures against him.

It seemed that they could join forces with the President.

Qiao Nian's gaze fell on Cui Qi's face again. She continued, "Does he want to deal with the Lu and Gu families?"

Qiao Nian asked this because Eldest Senior Brother had once said that someone wanted the lives of the Lu and Gu families. That was why Gu Zhou's eldest brother, Gu Yue, had always stayed in MY and stayed by the enemy's side to protect the Gu and Lu families.

Cui Qi looked at Qiao Nian in confusion and frowned slightly. Then, he shook his head. "I don't know about that."

Qiao Nian could tell that Cui Qi was telling the truth. She slowly lowered her gaze. It seemed that Mark had hidden many things from Cui Qi.

However, none of this meant that this had nothing to do with Mark. It seemed that she needed to know more. She could only hear it from Cui Qi in court tomorrow. When that happened, she might find out more information.

Qiao Nian slowly stood up. She looked at Chen Qing and said in a low voice, "Chen Qing, I'll have to trouble you to guard Cui Qi again. Nothing must happen."

Qiao Nian was worried about the president's guards. Those people had good physiques, but their abilities were far inferior to Chen Qing's. Chen Qing was really outstanding.

Chen Qing stood up straight and said seriously, "Madam, don't worry. Leave this to me!"

Qiao Nian's lips curved up slightly as she walked out. Just as she walked out of the room, she saw the warden standing at the side, as if waiting for her.

Qiao Nian's gaze fell on the warden's face. She heard him speak first.

"Miss Qiao, the president wants you to meet him now."

Qiao Nian smiled and nodded. With a calm expression, she walked out.

It seemed that the president had already discovered that she had other intentions.

The warden led Qiao Nian out. Only then did Qiao Nian notice that the number of soldiers nearby had increased significantly. It seemed that the president was very concerned about Cui Qi's life.

After all, Cui Qi was the only one who could reveal Mark's true colors.

The warden led Qiao Nian to the car in the courtyard. A soldier opened the backseat door and invited Qiao Nian to sit in it.

Qiao Nian didn't say anything and went in.

Qiao Nian got into the car and sent Gu Zhou a message. "Are you with the president?"

Before she could put down her cell phone, Gu Zhou replied, "Yes." Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Qiao Nian told Gu Zhou the news she had received from Cui Qi and asked him to keep quiet. After all, she had already promised Cui Qi. She didn't want Cui Qi's family to be hurt in any way.