Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1615 Doubting Me

𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Soon, she received a reply from Gu Zhou.

"Things are gradually becoming clear. Looks like it should end tomorrow. It will finally be over."

Qiao Nian's lips curved up slightly. She put down her phone and looked out of the car window. The kidnapping case from twenty years ago had already been investigated. The rest would be easy to handle.

However, the president seemed to suspect that she had ulterior motives. Worried, she picked up her phone and sent Gu Zhou a message. "The president seems to suspect me."

"Don't worry, we're on his side."

Qiao Nian's lips curved up slightly, and there was a hint of a smile in her eyes. Gu Zhou was right. Even if the president knew that they had ulterior motives, so what? Their goals were the same.

As the saying went, the enemy of an enemy was a friend.

In terms of benefits, the president should be happy to attack Mark with them.

At this moment, her phone vibrated slightly. She looked at the contents of the cell phone.

"Nian'er, my brother said that there's someone behind Cui Huai. Could that person be related to Mark?"

Qiao Nian thought of Cui Qi's words and sent Gu Zhou a message. "Mark doesn't seem to trust Cui Qi completely. He didn't tell Cui Qi about this, so Cui Qi doesn't know if this has anything to do with Mark. However, we'll go to court tomorrow and listen to Cui Qi's testimony. We might be able to find some clues."

"Okay."

Qiao Nian saw that the car was gradually stopping. They had arrived at the palace. She walked out of the car and followed the butler into the palace.

The butler brought Qiao Nian to the door of the president's study. He glanced at Qiao Nian and said respectfully, "Miss Qiao, please wait a moment."

With that, the butler knocked on the door.

"Come in." The president's voice came from inside the room.

The butler opened the door and made an inviting gesture. After Qiao Nian entered, he naturally closed the door.

"Miss Qiao, it's really been hard on you recently." With that, the president took a slow sip of tea and continued, "Sit."

Qiao Nian looked at Gu Zhou, who was sitting at the side. She walked over and sat down beside him.

Seeing that Qiao Nian was a little nervous, Gu Zhou reached out and held her hand, as if to provide her with a sense of security.

Qiao Nian noticed Gu Zhou's actions. Her lips curled up slightly, and her beautiful fox-like eyes seemed to be filled with stars.

The President noticed Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian's movements. His lips curved up slightly, and the image of him interacting with his wife appeared in his mind again.

Just as he was about to speak, he seemed to have thought of something and said calmly, "Miss Qiao, what did you and Cui Qi talk about?"

Qiao Nian's eyes flickered. Hearing the president's question, she said, "Cui Qi will tell you everything he knows in court, just like before."

The president nodded slightly and narrowed his eyes. He enunciated each word clearly. "I'm afraid that's not all!"

Qiao Nian looked at the president in front of her. She had thought that the president would feign civility. She didn't expect him to be so direct.

Gu Zhou's expression instantly darkened.

The president casually put down the teacup in his hand and glanced at the two of them. "How's the progress of the matter you are involved in?"

The president's voice was as flat as ever, but there was a hint of coldness in it.

Now, everything made sense. Why would Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian take the initiative to express goodwill to him and save Shen Mei's life at all costs? Now, it seemed that it was all because they wanted to gain his trust.

Qiao Nian looked at the president. Seeing that there was a hint of wariness in his eyes, she smiled and said, "Indeed, nothing can escape the president's eyes."

Qiao Nian's lips curved up slightly. She stared unblinkingly at the president, neither servile nor overbearing.

The president was slightly stunned. He didn't expect Qiao Nian to admit it directly. His expression instantly darkened. "How dare you play tricks right under my nose."

Gu Zhou sat forward slightly and his gaze fell on the President's face. He said calmly, "President, we're here to do something, but saving the Seventh Princess and Madam is just a small matter. There's no need for the President to have such a big reaction."

He paused for a moment, then continued, "I don't think the president will mind if it's mutually beneficial."