Chapter 1616 On Purpose?

Gu Zhou's voice was very calm, but when the President looked at Gu Zhou's face, he felt that something was wrong with him. He frowned.

He knew Old Master Gu and Gu Ting. No one was as reckless as Gu Zhou. The Gu family had produced an interesting heir.

"What exactly is it?" The President leaned back on the sofa, his right leg resting leisurely on his left. He stared unblinkingly at Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian.

Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian looked at each other. It seemed that the president just wanted to force them to tell him their motives.

Qiao Nian let go of Gu Zhou's hand and looked at the president seriously. She asked, "President, do you know why I haven't operated on Madam President to remove the Gu worm in her body?"

The president frowned slightly, his eyes cold. "Did you do this on purpose?"

"No." Qiao Nian shook her head gently and continued, "The president might not know, but if you inject too much anesthesia into someone, that person will develop resistance to it. I've discovered that Madam has already developed resistance to it."

The president narrowed his eyes slightly, staring unblinkingly at Qiao Nian. "What exactly are you trying to say?" Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

"Madam President must have had plastic surgery!" Qiao Nian enunciated each word clearly, her tone filled with certainty.

The president's expression changed drastically. What he had been trying to hide had actually been discovered by Qiao Nian. He clenched his right fist tightly and looked at Qiao Nian warily.

The atmosphere in the room became oppressive. Gu Zhou sat forward, blocking the president's view of Qiao Nian. He said calmly, "President, we're not here to target Madam President."

The oppressive atmosphere instantly disappeared. The president slowly let go and looked at Gu Zhou calmly, raising his eyebrows slightly. "Yes, why are you investigating this matter? Don't you know that prying into other people's secrets will bring about a calamity?"

The president's tone was thick with threat.

Hearing the President's tone, Qiao Nian knew that he didn't really want to do anything to them. He just wanted to use this momentum to know why they were here.

Qiao Nian looked at the president and smiled. "Since the president has admitted it, the rest will be easy to do. When Madam recovers, I'll think of a way to remove the sleeping Gu worm in her body."

"Are you threatening me?" the President demanded coldly.

Qiao Nian smiled and shook her head. She said gently, "Mr. President, Madam President's health is different from that of a normal person. I've discovered that she's resistant to hypnotic needles. It's true that I have to know how many hypnotic drugs she has been injected with before removing the Gu worm. Moreover, we didn't intend to go against Mr. President when we came here this time."

The president just looked at Qiao Nian in front of him. Seeing her smile, he narrowed his eyes slightly. For some reason, he felt that Qiao Nian looked a little familiar, as if he had seen her somewhere before.

"The President should have heard about the kidnapping of the eldest daughter of the Lu family more than twenty years ago," Qiao Nian said slowly.

"I heard." The president's voice was calm. He was very close to Lu You. Back then, when this incident happened, he had tried his best to help find the eldest daughter of the Lu family.

Lu You had four sons. The eldest daughter of the Lu family was Lu You's only daughter at that time. At that time, Lu You especially treasured that daughter.

He remembered that Little Lu Nian had a pair of beautiful fox-like eyes.

Suddenly, the President's expression changed. His gaze fell on Qiao Nian's face again.

He had found Qiao Nian familiar just now, but for a moment, he remembered. Now, he finally realized that there was something wrong.

"You're Lu You's eldest daughter, Lu Nian?" The president looked at Qiao Nian in disbelief.

Qiao Nian nodded and continued, "Yes, it's me. Back then, the case of the eldest daughter of the Lu family caused an uproar, but no one knew that at that time, another girl had been kidnapped. That girl was the daughter of my mother's teacher, Shen An."

"How is that possible?" The President looked at Qiao Nian's face carefully. He could vaguely see Su Yan's expression on Qiao Nian's face. He frowned. "No, how can you be…"

"Mr. President, many people can't believe this, but the results of scientific tests don't tell lies," Qiao Nian said seriously.