Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1617 Honesty

The President glanced at Gu Zhou, then at Qiao Nian, his frown deepening. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

He had thought that Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian wanted to inquire about the internal situation in Europe. He didn't expect the two of them to only be here to investigate the kidnapping more than twenty years ago.

Gu Zhou looked at Qiao Nian with a smile, then at the president. His lips curved up slightly. "Mr. President, she's indeed the eldest daughter of the Lu family. She was destined to be my wife since she was born."

The President looked at Qiao Nian with a complicated expression. He couldn't calm down for a long time. "When the two of you were engaged, I was also there and saw you both."

Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian looked at each other. They hadn't expected the president to be present.

However, it was normal when they thought about it. They heard that the president had a good relationship with Old Master Lu and Old Master Gu at that time.

"However, at that time, I disguised myself and followed behind my secretary in order not to let others discover me as the international situation was a little tense." As the president spoke, he narrowed his eyes slightly, already immersed in his memories. "At that time, Uncle Lu and Uncle Gu were very happy."

As the president spoke, he couldn't help but smile, as if he was also happy about the marriage between the Gu and Lu families.

"But I never expected that the next time I heard from them would be the news of the kidnapping of the eldest daughter of the Lu family." The president gradually fell silent. He looked up at Qiao Nian. "At that time, everyone said that she was already dead. Now…"

The president couldn't believe what he was seeing. He frowned slightly and asked, "Are you really the eldest daughter of the Lu family, Lu Nian?"

Qiao Nian nodded. "Of course."

Qiao Nian's gaze fell on the president's face. She said calmly, "I think Madam President should be the daughter of Professor Shen An, who disappeared back then."

The president looked at Qiao Nian with a complicated expression. Although he didn't speak, his silence had already admitted it.

Qiao Nian sat on the sofa and recalled the Shen An she had seen in the hospital previously. She said, "Back then, I wasn't the only one who was kidnapped. Professor Shen An's daughter was also kidnapped. At that time, I was locked up. The other party wanted to transfer my bone marrow to someone. At that time, the doctor chosen by the other party for the surgery was Professor Shen An."

"At that time, those people used his daughter to threaten Professor Shen An and asked him to perform a bone marrow transplant for the kidnapper's daughter. They even asked Professor Shen An to kill me. Professor Shen An secretly saved me. Otherwise, I would have died twenty-one years ago."

The president looked at Qiao Nian in disbelief and asked, "Who said that?"

"Professor Shen An told us himself," Qiao Nian said seriously.

The president clenched his fists tightly, his eyes filled with hatred. "Those people are really bold. How dare they do such a thing in An City? They're simply too despicable!"

Hearing the meaning between the lines in the president's words, Gu Zhou narrowed his phoenix-like eyes and said hesitantly, "President, you seem to know who they are?"

The President looked up at Gu Zhou. Instead of answering Gu Zhou's question directly, he asked, "Shen Mei married me. Logically speaking, you should suspect that I'm the kidnapper."

The President looked at Gu Zhou, who was sitting not far away, with his usual expression. His eyes were filled with scrutiny.

A faint smile appeared on Gu Zhou's face as he said, "The initial information we found was related to the President. However, when we saw your attitude towards Madam President, we quickly understood that you weren't the kidnapper."

The president was slightly stunned.

Gu Zhou continued, "If the President had known Madam President before the kidnapping case, why would you have done such a dangerous thing? You could have just gone to Professor Shen An to propose marriage. I don't think Professor Shen An would refute you. Professor Shen An should be very happy that another person loves his daughter."

"Moreover, the kidnappers' initial goal should have been to kidnap Nian'er to get her bone marrow. Professor Shen An was just implicated," Gu Zhou said calmly. "After coming to Europe, we had a bold guess. The young lady in the bone marrow transplant might not be the kidnappers' real daughter. Besides, what relationship can a young lady from Country Z have with the President of Europe?"