Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1618 For the Throne

Qiao Nian reached out and held Gu Zhou's hand. Although Gu Zhou's expression was very calm when he said these words, she could sense the anger in his heart. She gently squeezed his hand, as if comforting him.

Qiao Nian looked at the president in front of her and added, "After we came here, we wanted to see the internal situation of the European royal family, so we knew from the beginning that you weren't a kidnapper."

The president's expression grew colder and colder, his expression serious. "I really didn't expect them to start planning so early."

When Qiao Nian heard the President's words, a cunning look flashed in her eyes. She and Gu Zhou looked at each other and understood.

It seemed that the president knew what had happened.

Qiao Nian's eyes darted around. Then, she continued, "The reason why we're in such a hurry to investigate this is because some time ago, my sister was almost killed. When we investigated her matter, we realized that it was the Europeans who wanted her dead."

The president looked up at Qiao Nian, trying hard to hide his surprise.

"By a freak combination of factors, we found out that the president wanted the kidnapping case to end as soon as possible more than twenty years ago, so we came here." Qiao Nian's voice became even gentler. Her gaze landed on the president's face and she said with a smile, "President, I know you didn't want to hurt us back then, so we're also willing to confess everything to you. Moreover, our families have never thought of getting involved in the power struggle of the European royal families. We just want to catch the murderer. I hope the president can help us catch the murderer. The Lu family will definitely be endlessly grateful to the president."

Qiao Nian's words made her stand clear. Not only would she not be enemies with the president now, but she would also help him when he needed help.

Although Qiao Nian had already found out that Mark had kidnapped her back then, she didn't know if there was anyone else involved.

At that time, she had been kidnapped in the Lu family. In other words, there were people under Mark in the Lu family. Even in the seemingly impregnable Lu family now, there should be people under Mark. Otherwise, those people would not have easily controlled Uncle Zhao.

Qiao Nian knew that the president might know about the kidnapping twenty-one years ago. She wanted to know more details now. That way, she could get to the truth.

The President's gaze fell on Qiao Nian's face. Seeing the sincerity in Qiao Nian's eyes, he seemed to recall Su Yan.

Qiao Nian and Su Yan really looked alike. Thinking of an old friend, the president sighed slightly.

During this period of time, Qiao Nian had worked hard to protect Lina. Not only that, but Qiao Nian had also saved his wife.

Even if Qiao Nian and Gu Zhou had only wanted to find out the truth back then, their relationship with Lina was definitely real.

He had a close relationship with the Lu and Gu families in An City, not to mention that they were also friends.

At the thought of this, the president said slowly, "Under normal circumstances, the throne should be passed to my brother, Mark." UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

The President recalled what had happened previously, and his expression gradually turned serious. "But my brother is too rash. He doesn't agree with many of Father's ideas, and he doesn't get along with most ministers. Therefore, there's suspense about the heir to the throne."

"Father once sent Mark to provide disaster relief to test Mark's strength, but Mark embezzled the disaster relief resources. Father initially turned a blind eye to it. Later on, the disaster relief matter blew up. Seeing that he couldn't hide it anymore, Mark directly killed everyone in that village."

"Mark destroyed all the evidence, but the royal family still knew about it very well. It was then that my father gradually valued me."

Qiao Nian looked at the president in front of her. If Mark hadn't done something so outrageous, this throne would probably have belonged to him.

The president recalled what had happened previously and couldn't help but sigh. He continued, "Moreover, Father had already made a will with someone close to him. The content of the will was that after he abdicated, I would be the president. After Mark found out, his subordinates became more and more active. They formed cliques and eliminated dissidents. Back then, the Cui family was just one of Mark's sacrifices."

When Qiao Nian heard the president's words, she frowned slightly and said in confusion, "But what has this got to do with the Lu family?"