Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1619 Forced Abdication

The president looked up at Qiao Nian. Seeing that there was only confusion in Qiao Nian's eyes, he understood that Qiao Nian had probably found out most of the information. Hence, he said, "Miss Qiao, you might not know this, but that was when my father's life was in danger."

"At that time, I was working for my father because my father's health was getting worse. Before I could go back, my father was gone. After that, I received a wanted order. He planned to kill me and naturally ascend the throne."

"Before my father died, he called Old Master Gu and Old Master Lu to ask for help. He asked them to help me get promoted. The reason why I can sit firmly in the president's seat is because of their help."

Qiao Nian was slightly stunned. She looked at the president in surprise. She had never heard of this. She was probably not the only one who didn't know. Even her brothers probably didn't know.

The president recalled the situation back then and frowned. He continued, "With the help of the two of them and my father's trusted aide, I became the president. Back then, Cui Si risked his life to guard the palace gate and did not let Mark enter the palace. Otherwise, I'm afraid he would have forcefully taken control of the palace.

When Gu Zhou heard the President's words, he frowned slightly and played with the ring on his thumb absent-mindedly.

His grandparents had arranged with his mother to return to the Gu family villa for two days every once in a while. Every time he went to the Gu family villa, his grandparents were very happy.

But that time, when Grandpa saw him, he only ruffled his hair and looked apologetic. He even said that he was going to Europe…

At that time, his family did not know what was going on. They thought that his grandfather had just gone to Europe to check on the situation. However, after his grandfather returned from Europe, he passed away not long after.

Now that he thought about it, his grandfather must have gone to help the old president back then.

Mark was a vengeful person. Could it be that he had been secretly dealing with the Gu and Lu families for so many years?

Big Brother had been living in MY as Mr. Chen. He said that he wanted to investigate the person behind Cui Huai. He had a vague feeling that the person behind Cui Huai might be Mark.

According to this thought, everything could be connected.

Qiao Nian sat at the side, also shocked. She muttered in a low voice, "I heard that Grandpa once led troops to war, but I don't know about him helping the old president."

Gu Zhou held Qiao Nian's hand tightly and looked up at the President. "I know that Grandpa came to Europe, but I'm not sure about the exact situation. I know that Grandpa passed away not long after he returned."

When the President heard Gu Zhou's words, he sighed heavily. "Back then, Old Master Gu was injured in Europe. We treated his wound and let him recuperate in Europe, but Old Master Gu was too persistent. He insisted on going back. Perhaps…" ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Seeing that Gu Zhou didn't look well, Qiao Nian hurriedly held his hand tightly and said softly, "Looks like we're both looking for the same person."

Gu Zhou nodded.

The president continued, "Actually, I heard about the situation involving my father, Old Master Gu, and Old Master Lu from my mother. Previously, they all guarded the border. Our two countries were supporting each other, and our troops would greet each other when they patrolled. As time passed, we became good friends, especially good friends."

Qiao Nian looked at the president in front of her. She had thought that her and Gu Zhou's efforts had made the president trust them very much. Now, it seemed that this trust was built on top of the trust of the older generation.

If she hadn't been too anxious tonight, the president wouldn't have asked them clearly.

Even if the president suspected her, he didn't arrest her directly. Instead, he chatted like an elder to a junior.

No wonder she had always felt that the president would not touch her. It seemed that the president had never thought of guarding against them at all.

"I'm not sure if I'm right." The President looked at Qiao Nian and sighed softly. "Your identity is special. Not only are you a member of the Lu family, but you also have a deep relationship with the Gu family. Those people dared to kidnap you directly in An City. This means that person is extremely powerful. He was completely confident and that is why he did it."