Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1620 Lover

After the president finished speaking, his gaze lingered on Qiao Nian's face. He said calmly, "When you were three years old, the young masters of the Lu family should have had a sense of protection in order to ensure that nothing unexpected happened. However, I'm not sure about your kidnapping back then. At that time, your family was unwilling to discuss this matter further. Can you tell me the details? I'll see if I can remember anything."

When Qiao Nian heard the President's words, her eyes were filled with gratitude. She thanked him and repeated what she had heard from Professor Shen An. In the end, she said, "However, there are some doubts about this matter. I haven't been able to figure it out."

"Doubts?" The president stared unblinkingly at Qiao Nian and asked, "Are you saying…"

"Back then, Professor Shen helped me escape a calamity. Logically speaking, those people had kidnapped me. They could have killed me with their own hands and sent my corpse back. That way, my family would definitely think that I was really dead."

Qiao Nian paused for a moment, frowning. "But they didn't do that. Not only that, they asked Professor Shen to deal with me. I can understand that they didn't want to dirty their hands because of my death, but why did they send a small broken arm back?"

"They were also afraid that my mother would find out that this broken arm wasn't mine, so they asked Professor Shen to secretly swap the samples so that my mother would believe that the broken arm was mine." Qiao Nian thought of those suspicious things and frowned. She continued, "They seemed to want my family to think that I was dead, but they also seemed to want them to still be suspicious of my death. They seemed to be brewing other things."

"By the way." Qiao Nian's eyes lit up. She held Gu Zhou's hand and said, "Do you still remember Song Man, who appeared with Xiao Shi? Song Man should be the person who received my transplanted bone marrow back then. Moreover, she lost an arm." ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Gu Zhou nodded, his frown deepening. He didn't look well.

Qiao Nian's gaze fell on the president's face. She said, "She brought the child I had with Gu Zhou back home with her. Not only did she want to marry Gu Zhou, but she also wanted to pretend to be the eldest daughter of the Lu family. It's been almost twenty-one years since the beginning of this. I wonder why Mark had done so much?"

When the president heard Qiao Nian's words, his gaze lingered on her face. After a long while, he said, "Change her bone marrow? Song Man… Song?"

A thought flashed across the President's eyes. He asked curiously, "Do you have a photo of Song Man?"

Qiao Nian nodded. She took out her phone and found Song Man's photo. Then, she handed the phone to the president and said, "That's her."

The president took the cell phone from Qiao Nian. When his gaze fell on the photo, his expression instantly darkened. His voice was as cold as ice. "It's her!"

Qiao Nian looked at the president curiously and asked in confusion, "President, do you know her?"

When the President heard Qiao Nian's words, he nodded.

Qiao Nian's expression changed slightly. She stared unblinkingly at the president, wanting to get more information from him.

"Let me take a closer look." As the president spoke, his fingers enlarged the photo. Gradually, he looked enlightened and snorted. "I was right. It's really her."

"Who is she?" Qiao Nian asked in confusion.

"Mark had a lover. That lover looked similar to this Song Man," the president said calmly, gradually enlarging Song Man's eyebrows. "These eyebrows and eyes are exactly the same as his lover."

"What did that woman look like?" Qiao Nian asked curiously.

The President handed the phone back to Qiao Nian and took out his own phone. He found a photo and handed it to Qiao Nian and Gu Zhou. "She's Mark's lover. More than twenty years ago, Mark brought her to various events. Later on, something happened, and she rarely appeared. As for where she is now, I'm not sure."

Qiao Nian looked at the woman's photo and enlarged her eyes. Compared to Song Man's photo, her expression was different.

Other than that, the two of them looked exactly the same.