Chapter 1621 Song Qin

Qiao Nian's eyes darkened slightly. The woman in the president's cell phone photo looked exactly the same as Song Man. This meant that Song Man had a deep relationship with that woman.

Not only that, Song Man should have a deep relationship with Mark. It seemed that the matter was already connected.

Qiao Nian compared Song Man's photo to the photo on the president's cell phone. She felt that it was very likely that Song Man was that woman's daughter.

At the thought of this, Qiao Nian looked up at the president and asked curiously, "Mr. President, do you know this woman's name?"

"Mark has always called her Song Qin." The president paused for a moment and continued, "I don't know the rest. As she was Mark's lover, I've investigated her, but her information seems to have been erased. I can't find any information at all."

"Looks like this woman has hidden herself very well." Qiao Nian looked at Song Qin and thought of Song Man, who had raised Xiao Shi.

None of them could find out about their pasts. In other words, someone didn't want others to know about their past.

Qiao Nian still remembered that Xiao Shi had come to An City alone. At that time, Xiao Shi was about to go to the Lu family to look for her grandparents, but by a freak combination of factors, Xiao Shi met Gu Qi, who she was good friends with online.

It was precisely because of this meeting that things did not go as planned.

Xiao Shi reunited with the Gu family first. During this period, Xiao Shi did not look for her grandparents.

Qiao Nian frowned slightly. If she hadn't married Gu Zhou back then, or if she had, but her relationship with Gu Qi wasn't good, Song Man would have openly become Gu Zhou's wife.

Next, Song Man might use her blood report to enter the Lu family and pretend to be her. She would acknowledge everyone in the Lu family and become the eldest daughter of the Lu family.

According to how much her family cared and doted on her, Song Man would definitely live a carefree and happy life. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

At the thought of this, Qiao Nian's expression turned even uglier. Her lips trembled slightly. As long as anything happened to her during this period of time, not only would she not be able to find her family, but the person who had extracted her bone marrow would also live her original life.

Qiao Nian's lips turned pale. She bit her lower lip.

This was really too terrifying. Those people had been plotting for more than twenty years. They had done all of this to let Song Man replace her.

Song Man knew the truth of all of this. After she gained a foothold in the Lu and Gu families, she would definitely complete her mission.

Perhaps she wanted all the Lu family's assets or wanted the Lu family to work for Mark. Perhaps she also wanted to destroy the Lu and Gu families for Mark.

At the thought of this, Qiao Nian felt a chill run down her spine, and all the hair on her body stood on end.

It was hard for her to imagine that a person in his twenties had long set up so many things. He was still so calm and slowly arranged everything.

Gu Zhou's expression was also ugly. He frowned and glanced at Qiao Nian, recalling that night six years ago.

That night, his brother invited him to that hotel. He fell for it and slept with Nian'er.

When he woke up, his brother and Chang Feng had both disappeared.

After that, he investigated this matter carefully, but he realized that the source of all of this was directed at the Qiao family. Everything else was about right.

However, he was certain that Qiao Shan did not have the ability to do this.

That night, Qiao Xin was the one who schemed against Qiao Nian. But now that he thought about it carefully, after he had sex with Qiao Nian that night, Nian'er lost her innocence. However, the next morning, when he woke up, there was no one else by the bed.

In other words, someone had deliberately locked the two of them in the same room. After they fell asleep, they were separated and they sent Qiao Nian to another room.

Even if Qiao Xin wanted to ruin Qiao Nian's reputation, she had no idea that the child in Qiao Nian's stomach was his. Moreover, Qiao Xin had never seen Qiao Nian give birth. It was impossible for Qiao Xin to give her child to Song Man.

There couldn't be so many coincidences in this world. He was willing to believe that someone had hinted at Qiao Xin to let Qiao Nian go to that hotel, causing Qiao Nian to lose her innocence.

However, what happened after that was all done by those people.