Chapter 1622 The Third Group of People

Those people brought Qiao Nian to his room. After the two of them had sex, their plan had already begun.

No, something was wrong.

Gu Zhou's frown deepened. He recalled what Qiao Nian had said previously. That person wanted to kill Qiao Nian, but he didn't want the Lu family to know that Qiao Nian was still alive.

That's right. Something was wrong here.

Could there be a third group of people? Not only did they know about Mark's plan, but they had also added their plan to Mark's.

If this continued, those people would have known from the beginning that Qiao Nian was still alive. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

If he were Mark and knew that the eldest daughter of the Lu family had died twenty-one years ago, he wouldn't have set Qiao Nian up to have sex with him at the hotel.

If Mark knew that the eldest daughter of the Lu family had not died, why didn't he raise her by his side and use her to force the Lu and Gu families to do something for him?

Taking another step back, if those people knew that the children Qiao Nian gave birth to were all his, why didn't they directly control the children Qiao Nian gave birth to and let the children control the Lu and Gu families in the future?

Wouldn't it be too slow to use Song Man to deal with the Gu and Lu families? Why didn't they hypnotize Qiao Nian back then and make her a knife in their hands?

It seemed that there should be a third group of people. Those people had used Mark's strength to carry out their own plan.

It seemed that tomorrow's court session was very important. They had to hear what Mark had done.

Seeing that Gu Zhou had his head lowered in thought, Qiao Nian told the president what had happened after that.

"Back then, I realized that there was something wrong with Song Man's blood DNA report, so I tested the DNA of her hair. I realized that it was as I had thought. She was an imposter at all. We wanted to ask about all of this, but she might have known that she couldn't hide it anymore and jumped off a building to commit suicide."

The president clenched his fists and listened to Qiao Nian finish speaking. His expression grew uglier and uglier. He pursed his lips and said, "This is simply… ridiculous!"

He had never expected Mark to do such a crazy thing. He was so angry that he was panting heavily. His lips were trembling slightly, and his blue eyes were burning with cold fire.

"He's taking revenge. He harmed the Cui family and did such a crazy thing to the Lu family. He wants to take revenge on everyone who stopped him from ascending the throne back then!" the President said through gritted teeth.

Qiao Nian looked at the president in front of her and hurriedly comforted him. "President, don't be angry. If only we could capture Song Man alive at that time. That way, we would know the truth of what happened back then. Fortunately, Cui Qi is willing to testify against Mark. At this moment, we have to stabilize ourselves. We can't let Mark discover that we've already discovered the truth."

When the president heard Qiao Nian's words, he sighed heavily. "I understand what you mean."

Tomorrow, he had to take the opportunity to frame Mark. That way, all of Mark's cheap shots and tricks would surface one by one. He looked at Qiao Nian and nodded. "Don't worry, as long as he helped kidnap you, I won't let him off."

Qiao Nian nodded gently and said solemnly, "I believe the President will definitely investigate everything and stand up for us. However, if I want to get all the evidence, I have to find Mark's lover and get her DNA to confirm that we're not wrong."

The president frowned slightly and said in a low voice, "Song Qin hasn't appeared in a long time. I'm not sure if she's by Mark's side now. If we can catch Mark tomorrow, we can take the opportunity to ask about everything, but…"

The president paused, not knowing what to say next.

They were all thinking of the best possible outcome now, but if anything else happened at that time, it would be a big problem.

At that time, even if his wife had already escaped Mark's control, he would still be restrained by him.

Even if tomorrow's battle was difficult, he had to do his best to deal with it. Moreover, he could only succeed and not fail!

Qiao Nian looked at the president and said seriously, "President, I want to appear in court with Gu Zhou tomorrow as a witness for Cui Qi's kidnapping of the Seventh Princess."