Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1623 Here It Comes

She and Gu Zhou were not from Europe. Logically speaking, they should not appear in an European court.

But if the two of them were witnesses, it would be different. They could testify against Cui Qi. That would be appropriate.

The president had also had this thought. Now that he heard Qiao Nian's words, he nodded in agreement. "Okay."

The president glanced at Qiao Nian with a complicated expression. The eldest daughter of the Lu family had been wandering outside for so long. It was the Lu family's fortune that she became so outstanding.

However, the president frowned slightly. If only his daughter was as smart as Qiao Nian.

But on second thought, he didn't want Lina to become like Qiao Nian.

A person had to live a very hard life to be able to shoulder everything.

At this moment, the butler knocked on the door.

"President."

When the President heard the butler's voice, his expression faltered slightly. He looked down at the time on his wrist and asked with a slight frown, "What's wrong?"

"Mr. President, Mr. Gu and the people from Country Z's embassy have arrived. They said that they have something to discuss with you."

The butler's respectful voice came from outside the door.

When Gu Zhou heard the butler's voice, a trace of confusion flashed in his eyes. He frowned slightly.

Could it be that the Mr. Gu the butler was talking about was his father?

Qiao Nian sat down beside Gu Zhou. She looked at him and wondered if he was talking about Gu Zhou's father.

When the President heard the butler's words, his expression instantly darkened. Although he had a good relationship with Gu Ting, Gu Ting came with the people from Country Z's embassy.

This was not a private meeting. According to the rules, he should have arranged a time in advance before appearing in public together with the media.

It seemed that Gu Ting was worried that Gu Zhou would offend him this time, so he rushed to save him.

He glanced at Qiao Nian, then at Gu Zhou. Smiling, he said, "Some people say that you and your father are like fire and water. Looks like those are all fake. Your father still cares a lot about you."

When Gu Zhou heard the President's words, his expression was calm. "Those rumors were just fabricated. They're all fake."

A smile flashed in the President's eyes. Then, he looked at the door and said to the butler, "Let them in!"

After a while, the door opened.

After the butler entered, he made an inviting gesture.

Gu Ting was the first to walk in. He was wearing a black suit and had meticulous hair. He looked mature and steady.

After he walked in, he looked around, his gaze finally landing on Qiao Nian's face.

Chen Qing and the embassy staff followed closely behind. The originally empty room was instantly filled with people.

Gu Ting walked over to Qiao Nian. Seeing that Qiao Nian's expression was as usual and that she wasn't injured, his tense emotions relaxed slightly.

From the beginning to the end, his gaze did not linger on Gu Zhou for a second.

Qiao Nian looked at Gu Ting in surprise. She hadn't expected him to be so concerned about her.

She had a strange feeling in her heart. Qiao Nian smiled at Gu Ting, indicating that she was fine. She told him not to worry.

After receiving Qiao Nian's affirmative answer, Gu Ting heaved a sigh of relief. He looked at the president, who was sitting at the other end, and bowed very politely in a businesslike manner. "President, I've taken the liberty to disturb you tonight mainly because of the completion of the high-speed rail line in the east."

As he spoke, he stood up straight and continued, "Your country's officials have already examined it, but the high-speed rail matter is more serious. In the end, it still needs the president's signature. As for the other after-sales work, we're already preparing to hand it over to your country's officials."

The President looked at Gu Ting in front of him and his lips curved up slightly. He was still the same as before. No matter what he did, he was very considerate. He would never make anyone feel that he was rude.

The president nodded and said with his usual expression, "Since the officials have already examined it, hand me the document to sign."

When Gu Ting heard this, he turned to look at the people from the embassy behind him. The person standing at the front immediately handed the document to the butler of the palace.

The butler respectfully handed the document to the president.

The President glanced at Gu Ting and the other people from the embassy and said, "Sit." Gáº¹tt the lğ’‚test ğ’ğ’vğ’†ls at ğ’.o/(v)/e/l/biğ’(.)coğ’

Gu Ting sat down very naturally. The leading officials of the embassy also sat down, while the others stood at the back.