Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1624 Worried

?

The president looked down at the document. Gu Ting, who was sitting beside Qiao Nian, felt slightly relieved when he saw that Qiao Nian looked healthy.

He wanted to speak to Qiao Nian, but this wasn't the right time. He could only wait for the right time.

About three minutes later, the president finished reading the document and saw the signatures of officials everywhere. Only then did he sign the document.

The President handed the document in his hand to Gu Ting with a smile on his face and said, "Thank you for your trouble during this period of time, Mr. Gu. I hope you and the embassy can see our European country's willingness to have a good relationship with Country Z forever, as well as our gratitude to Country Z for helping to build the high-speed rail."

This time, the President of Country Z was willing to help Europe build the high-speed rail line at cost. If it weren't for the generosity of the President of Country Z, they might have been forced to accept the high-priced proposal of the United States.

When Gu Ting heard the President's words, he had a friendly smile on his face. He handed the document in his hand to the embassy staff beside him. "Mr. President, you're too polite. After the signing today, we'll send the high-speed rail E over overnight."

"Thank you very much."

The people from the embassy left after receiving the document.

Gu Ting glanced at the embassy and spoke. His gaze fell on the President's face. There was a smile on his lips, and his voice was gentle and polite. "Mr. President, I heard from Chen Qing that my two children do things without thinking. I wonder if they have offended the President?"

Gu Ting also knew that there were many procedures to go through to officially meet the president, but if he came to meet the president in private, he would be met with some resistance.

Actually, he knew very well that the president knew that he had come overnight for the sake of Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian, so he brought people from the embassy over. This way, he could save face for both sides and meet the president smoothly.

He was friends with the president, but most people who could sit in the position of European president were suspicious of others. He did not want to fall out with the president.

It was precisely because of this that he had asked Chen Qing to come over. That way, the president would not suspect that he had planted an informant in the palace.

The President glanced at Chen Qing, who was standing behind Gu Zhou, and understood.

When he and Gu Zhou came out of the cell, Chen Qing had been staying there. Chen Qing must have realized that something was wrong, so he went to look for Gu Ting.

The president smiled and said, "Gu Ting, you're still as reserved as ever. These two children have been helping me with things. How can they offend me? You're overthinking."

"As a parent, I can't help but think too much," Gu Ting said sincerely. "Thank you for being willing to teach them. It's their honor to have this experience."

When the President heard Gu Ting's words, he casually smiled and said, "The two of them are good children. Gu Ting, you should have confidence in them. It's getting late. Go back and rest!"

"Alright." Gu Ting looked at the president gently and continued, "Goodbye."

With that, Gu Ting left the president's study with Gu Zhou, Qiao Nian, and Chen Qing.

After leaving the palace, Gu Ting heaved a sigh of relief. He turned back to look at Gu Zhou, who was standing beside him. His expression was dark, and his gaze was sharp.

"Have you never thought of the consequences of angering the president?" Gu Ting's eyes were sharp and his expression serious. "The royal family of Europe is in a mess. Now, many people have been keeping an eye on the president's position. How many people have left Europe in order to avoid this chaos? You're really brave. You actually got involved without hesitation."

The more Gu Ting thought about it, the more unhappy he became. He said coldly, "You really do whatever you want. This time, you actually brought Sugar along. If anything happens to Sugar, will you be able to take responsibility?" Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

When Gu Zhou heard Gu Ting's words, a complicated look flashed in his eyes. He pursed his lips tightly and did not refute Gu Ting's words for the first time.

Actually, he was also a little glad that the president was not as unscrupulous and vicious as Mark. Otherwise, he and Nian'er would probably disappear from the palace silently.

Qiao Nian looked at Gu Zhou worriedly and said, "Dad, actually, that's not what happened. I brought Gu Zhou here. I wanted to investigate the kidnapping twenty-one years ago. In the end, it's all my fault."