Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1625 Protecting You

When Gu Ting heard Qiao Nian's words, he frowned slightly and said, "How can you say that? He's your husband. It's only right for him to protect you. It's his duty to investigate the truth for you." Gáº¹tt the lğ’‚test ğ’ğ’vğ’†ls at ğ’.o/(v)/e/l/biğ’(.)coğ’

Gu Ting noticed that Qiao Nian and Gu Zhou had their fingers interlocked. In a daze, he seemed to see his wife from many years ago.

If only he and his wife could be together forever like these two.

Gu Ting looked at Gu Zhou with a much gentler gaze. If his son had jumped out to refute him just now, he felt that his son would have been irresponsible.

Now, Gu Zhou seemed to have taken his words to heart. He did not refute and seemed to be reflecting.

It seemed that Gu Zhou had really grown up.

Gu Ting's gaze lingered on Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian's faces before he said, "It's good that you're fine. Although the President believes what the two of you are saying now, the rest of the royal family might attack you. I'll send someone to protect you."

Gu Ting had already realized that they were very far from the palace. He clapped his hands gently.

At this moment, Qiao Nian felt the ground tremble slightly. Then, she heard deafening footsteps.

She looked up and saw a sea of people in the distance. Those people took a few steps forward before she could see that they were all wearing black suits. In the darkness, if it weren't for their skin, she would barely have been able to see them clearly.

When they walked over, Qiao Nian realized that these people were all muscular and tall. Their group was like a united army, giving off an air of oppression.

Qiao Nian looked at Gu Ting in surprise. Hadn't he just said that he would send her a few people to protect her? Why were there so many people? They looked like an army.

Had her father-in-law misunderstood the term 'a few people'?

Was this really just a few people?

There were already more than a thousand people.

Just now, her father-in-law said that the royal family was in chaos. Despite that, he openly brought so many people to the entrance of the palace.

Could it be that her father-in-law was already prepared to forcefully bring them out of the palace?

Qiao Nian looked at Gu Ting gratefully. Her father-in-law seemed to be especially good to her.

Gu Ting looked at those people and ordered, "From now on, stay by Qiao Nian's side and listen to her orders. Protect her safety. If anything happens to her, I'll hold you responsible!"

Everyone raised their heads and puffed out their chests with imposing auras.

Chen Qing looked at those people and stole a glance at the ignored Second Young Master.

If Second Young Master didn't look a little like Mr. Gu, she would have suspected that Second Young Master had been adopted. Second Young Madam looked more like Mr. Gu's biological daughter.

Gu Zhou didn't think much of it. Europe was indeed very dangerous. In addition, he was almost certain that Mark was behind the kidnapping twenty-one years ago. He was very worried that Mark would still try to secretly attack Qiao Nian.

With these people protecting Qiao Nian, he could be at ease.

Gu Ting walked up to those people. He looked at his subordinate standing at the front and gave him a few reminders before bringing him to Qiao Nian's side.

"Sugar, these people are loyal to the Gu family. No matter what happens to you, you can call Lin Mian. They will usually protect you in the dark. Don't worry, these are my wedding gifts to you."

Qiao Nian stared unblinkingly at Gu Ting. In a daze, she seemed to see a blurry face gradually integrating with Gu Ting.

From her perspective, it was as if he was hugging her.

Could this be her memories from when she was very young?

Qiao Nian smiled and didn't decline. "Thank you, Dad."

When Gu Ting heard Qiao Nian's words, he was extremely satisfied. He said, "As long as you like it. If there's anything, you can call me directly."

"Okay."

Gu Ting looked at Qiao Nian in satisfaction, then at Gu Zhou, who had his head lowered in silence. "I have to go back. Take good care of Sugar."

"Okay," Gu Zhou agreed in a low voice.

He looked up at Gu Ting's retreating back and suddenly returned to the past.

Every time his father and mother quarreled, he would leave helplessly.