Chapter 1626 Thank You

Gu Zhou looked at Gu Ting, who was gradually leaving. He pursed his thin lips and said in a slightly hoarse voice, "Dad."

Gu Ting stopped in his tracks.

"Thank you," Gu Zhou said sincerely.

Gu Ting wanted to turn around and look at Gu Zhou, but when he heard Gu Zhou's words, he pursed his lips tightly. Then, he waved at Gu Zhou and left without hesitation.

He didn't want to turn around. He didn't want Gu Zhou to see his wet eyes.

Lin Mian and everyone else lowered their heads. After Gu Ting got into the car and left, they looked at Qiao Nian, waiting for her to speak.

Seeing that Gu Ting's car had already disappeared around the corner, Qiao Nian retracted her gaze and saw Lin Mian staring at her. He seemed to be waiting for her instructions.

She walked up to Lin Mian and smiled. She said gently, "Mr. Lin, I'm Qiao Nian. Please take care of me in the future."

With that, Qiao Nian reached out to Lin Mian.

Lin Mian looked at Qiao Nian and hurriedly reached out to shake her hand. He noticed that Qiao Nian was looking at him with respect. Now, he understood why Mr. Gu doted on Qiao Nian so much. For this daughter-in-law, Mr. Gu was already prepared to barge into the palace.

Under any circumstances, he had to prioritize Miss Qiao Nian's life.

Lin Mian said, "Miss, this is what we should do. It's not tiring."

There were probably not many people in this world who respected them as much as Qiao Nian did.

When Qiao Nian heard the word "Miss", her heart skipped a beat. These were her own troops, and they didn't belong to anyone else.

Qiao Nian was touched. She tried hard to calm herself down before saying, "It's getting late. Everyone, leave. If there's anything to do, I'll contact you."

"Yes."

Then, Lin Mian left with the group of people.

Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian were about to walk towards Chen Qing's car when Qiao Nian seemed to have thought of something. She turned back to look at Chen Qing and asked in confusion, "Chen Qing, you've come out of the prison. Then who's watching Cui Qi in prison?"

Cui Qi was the most important person in court tomorrow. Nothing must happen to him.

Chen Qing's heart had already jumped to his throat. When he realized that something was wrong, he immediately contacted Mr. Gu. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

This was Europe. The president had a lot of power. He could only ask Mr. Gu for help.

When he heard Qiao Nian's words, he didn't expect the Second Young Madam to remember this so quickly. He said, "When I came out of the prison, Mr. Lin had already sent someone to guard Cui Qi."

Qiao Nian's heart, which had been in her throat, finally settled back down. Cui Qi was too important. If anything happened to Cui Qi, their efforts for so many days would be in vain.

"Tomorrow is a critical time. We have to ensure his safety. We can't let anything happen to him," Qiao Nian said solemnly.

Qiao Nian had experienced a lot and had been frightened the entire day. Tonight, they finally confessed the truth to the president. Fortunately, the president wasn't angry.

Qiao Nian was a little worried, so she got Chen Qing to drive to the prison.

When they arrived at the prison, Qiao Nian stood outside and looked at Cui Qi through the window. Cui Qi sat motionless on the chair, his head lowered, as if he had stopped moving.

Qiao Nian frowned. She looked at the soldier beside her and said, "Open the door. I'll go in and take a look."

The soldier knew Qiao Nian, so he opened the door and let her in.

Qiao Nian looked at Cui Qi nervously. Her heart was beating like a drum, and she didn't seem to hear anything else.

"Cui Qi?" Qiao Nian called out carefully.

Cui Qi, who had been sitting on a chair, looked up slightly when he heard Qiao Nian's voice. His unfocused pupils gradually focused. His gaze fell on Qiao Nian's face. "Miss Qiao?"

When Qiao Nian heard Cui Qi's voice, she heaved a sigh of relief and asked with concern, "I had some things to do just now. I just wanted to see you. Rest well today. You'll be appearing in court tomorrow."

Cui Qi naturally understood what Qiao Nian meant. At the thought of Mark, he smiled bitterly.