Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1629 We'll Do Our Best

Seeing Qiao Nian's worried expression, Gu Zhou leaned forward slightly and kissed her forehead. He comforted her in a low voice, "Don't worry, Cui Qi won't be the only one testifying against him tomorrow. There's also the president. The president has been fighting with him. Everything will be resolved tomorrow."

Hearing Gu Zhou's voice, Qiao Nian's gaze fell on his face. Looking into his clear eyes, the uneasiness in her heart gradually dissipated. Her lips curved up slightly as she nodded. "Okay."

The two of them indeed had their limitations. It was very difficult to fight Mark, the local tyrant, in an unfamiliar place like Europe. Luckily, they still had the president's help. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Seeing that Qiao Nian's expression had improved a lot, Gu Zhou said, "The rest has nothing to do with us. What we have to do now is to investigate the kidnapping twenty-one years ago and find the people who wanted to frame the Gu and Lu families to protect our home."

Qiao Nian smiled in relief and said, "Yes, we'll do our best!"

At this point, Qiao Nian recalled Gu Yue, who had been living in MY. Her expression was serious as she said in a low voice, "I wonder how your brother's investigation is going. It might not be easy for us to get evidence, but he should be able to get it soon."

Their conversation with the president tonight had benefited them greatly.

Through the appearance of Song Man, they discovered that the kidnapping twenty-one years ago was related to Mark.

At that time, when Eldest Senior Brother saw her, he told her that someone had been controlling Cui Huai. Cui Huai was not the real mastermind. The real mastermind was still hiding in the dark.

If Gu Yue had evidence to prove all of this, the matter would be resolved instantly.

Qiao Nian looked at Gu Zhou and saw a trace of melancholy flash in his eyes, but it was fleeting. She reached out and held his hand.

She knew that Gu Yue was Gu Zhou's biological brother. He cared a lot about Gu Yue.

"Ah Zhou." Qiao Nian stared unblinkingly at Gu Zhou. When she saw Gu Zhou looking over, she smiled gently. "Don't worry. When this is over, Big Brother can come home with us!"

When Gu Zhou heard Qiao Nian's words, he stared unblinkingly at her. He seemed to have thought of something and nodded slightly. "Yes."

The next morning.

The trial of Annie's assassination of Madam President officially began.

This matter had caused an uproar on the Internet. Many people were waiting for the trial from overseas.

As there were too many people, the president directly transferred a portion of the palace's guards to guard the surroundings to prevent people with ulterior motives from interfering. It also indirectly protected the safety of all those who appeared in court.

Annie was imprisoned in the transport vehicle, surrounded by soldiers.

She was wearing a dark blue prison uniform. Her face was no longer as bright and flamboyant as before. Her fiery red hair fell weakly on her shoulders.

She sat in the prisoner's room with her head lowered, her hands clenched into fists, her brow furrowed.

Why?

Why hadn't her father come to see her?

She was the closest person to her father and his only bloodline. Did her father not care about her that much?

For the past few days, she had felt as if time had passed. The reason why she had agreed to testify in court didn't mean that she had really betrayed her father. She just wanted to see him.

He was her beloved father. How could she betray him?

But no matter what, he did not come to see her.

Annie frowned tightly, her eyes red-rimmed.

She recalled the situation when she was young. She had gotten second place in the school. She had thought that her father would praise her. After all, Lina had gotten into the top 500 in the school.

When she brought the report card to her father, he only glanced at it. Then, he said coldly, "You're only second."

At that moment, her burning heart seemed to be frozen. She couldn't feel any warmth.

Later on, she studied hard and got first place. She thought that her father would praise her, but he only said indifferently, "Not bad."

She had worked so hard to get first place, but all she received was "Not bad".

Annie heard the door open and saw a guard walk in.

The guard put down the food and turned to leave, not even looking at Annie.

Annie's gaze fell on the food, and her eyes darkened.