Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1630 They're Here

Perhaps her father had just been delayed previously, so he couldn't come to see her.

That's right. That had to be it.

Previously, she had gotten someone to contact Cui Qi to save her. Her father had also asked Cui Qi to make a move, but the president was too cunning and had even arrested Cui Qi.

When she was in the interrogation room, she heard the voices of the soldiers outside.

It was as if Cui Qi had gone to kidnap Lina. At that time, Cui Qi brought more than 3,000 people with him, but those 3,000 people were all arrested by the president.

Usually, her father would only send more than a hundred people to catch Lina and there would not be so many people.

Father, he… Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Her father must care about her the most. Otherwise, why would her father order so many people to kidnap Lina?

If her father had caught Lina back then, he would definitely have gotten someone to negotiate with the president.

Annie's lips curved up slowly, and there was a determined glint in her eyes. She raised her hand to lift her fiery red hair.

Sunlight filtered through the window, and her fiery red hair sparkled in the sunlight.

Although her father had not been able to save her previously, it was not her father's fault. The president was too cunning. If the president was not cunning, how could he have easily sat on the throne back then?

This court session was personally held by the president. According to the rules, the president would definitely invite his father to attend it.

When that happened, her father would be able to see her and she could receive new instructions from him. She would have a chance to make a comeback.

Time passed bit by bit. Ten o'clock.

The outside of the court was heavily guarded. No one spoke loudly. All they could hear was the sound of shoes hitting the floor.

Everyone who should be attending had already arrived. Many people were sitting in the court.

The judge in court this time was the most famous judge in Europe, Judge Jason. It was said that he was not afraid of power and had punished many scum in high society.

Qiao Nian and Gu Zhou took their seats.

Qiao Nian looked around before approaching Gu Zhou slightly. In a voice that only the two of them could hear, she said, "It seems that most of the people have arrived. Only the president and Mark are left."

Gu Zhou glanced at the watch on his wrist and said in a low voice, "There are still five minutes."

At this moment, orderly footsteps and low voices came from the door.

Qiao Nian's gaze fell on the two of them. With a serious expression, she said, "Mark and Wright."

Gu Zhou followed Qiao Nian's gaze.

When Mark and Wright appeared at the door, they attracted the attention of many people.

Mark was expressionless, and his body emitted a cold aura. His lips were pursed tightly. Although his expression was calm, he still gave off a dark and terrifying feeling.

When Mark walked in, he glanced at everyone indifferently. When his gaze fell on Qiao Nian's face, his eyes darkened slightly.

Soon, he retracted his gaze and he looked at Wright, who was beside him. He said a few words in a low voice and looked as if he was attending an ordinary event. He didn't care about the case that was being trialed today at all.

The president came in after Mark. When he did, Mark was already seated.

When the president appeared, Judge Jason, who had been standing in court, immediately stood up to pay his respects. Everyone in the courtroom followed suit.

Mark was still sitting there expressionlessly, looking as if he didn't take the president seriously at all. He greeted him lightly.

The president glanced at Mark with a complicated expression. He just nodded, then found his seat and sat down.

Thinking of how arrogant Mark had been just now, he wanted to see how long Mark could last.

It was time.

Everyone fell silent. At this moment, the door outside the court had already closed, preventing anyone from entering. Some people who wanted to know the situation in the court could only watch the live-stream on the big screen outside.

After Judge Jason sat down, he got someone to bring in the suspect in the murder of Madam President, Annie.

At that moment, the door opened and two armed guards walked in with Annie. Although she didn't rest well, she looked energetic. As soon as she entered, she searched the crowd. Her gaze fell on Mark's face. When she saw Mark looking at her, her eyes seemed to be filled with a sea of stars.