Chapter 1631 Pain

Annie still wanted to see through the thoughts in Mark's eyes, but he had already looked elsewhere.

Annie stopped in her tracks. Her heart felt as if it had been smashed to the ground and shattered into countless pieces.

No, she must have seen it wrongly. How could her father not care about her?

Annie stared unblinkingly at her father, trying to read his expression but he was already talking to someone next to him.

Why?

Why did her father look at her as if she was a stranger?

She was clearly his biological daughter. Why didn't he look at her? Why didn't he care how she had been during this period of time?

That wasn't right.

There was something else in his father's eyes just now.

If she wasn't wrong, her father had looked at her with disappointment, coldness, and disdain.

Disdain?

Was her father despising her?

Why?

What had she done wrong?

She had done nothing wrong!

Annie could no longer feel her surroundings. It was as if she was standing alone in the darkness. All she could feel was bone-chilling and endless cold.

Why?

Had her father really abandoned her?

But he was her only family in this world. She was also his only family in this world.

Seeing that Annie was standing rooted to the ground, the guard whispered a reminder, but Annie didn't seem to hear anything. She was completely immersed in her own world.

Seeing this, the guard, with the permission of the judge, brought Annie to the interrogation table.

Judge Jason's expression was calm, and his voice was serious and steady. "Annie, is there anything else you want to say about your murder of Madam President?"

Annie looked at Jason blankly, as if she hadn't heard what the judge was saying.

The judge looked at Annie and frowned slightly.

Mark was not far from Annie. He frowned and said in a low voice, "Annie!"

When Annie heard Mark's voice, she turned to look at him not far away, her eyes filled with grievance and sadness.

Mark's frown deepened. He said coldly, "Judge Jason is asking you a question!"

Everyone heard Mark's voice and understood what he meant. Mark probably wanted Annie to confess as soon as possible and stop wasting time here.

Qiao Nian leaned slightly closer to Gu Zhou and said in a voice that only the two of them could hear, "He's really ruthless."

Annie stood there, staring unblinkingly at Mark. The sadness in her eyes was obvious.

At this moment, she finally came back to her senses. Her father had never thought of saving her. He was probably still angry with her. He had lost the most capable general, Cui Qi, under him because of her.

Now, even if her father came here, he was just doing his job. He had never thought of her at all.

In his eyes, she was an abandoned child. No one cared about her.

Annie pursed her lips, her tears falling uncontrollably.

Why?

Why had he never cared about her?

He really didn't care about their father and daughter relationship at all. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Annie looked at the judge's face in despair. Her gaze fell on the screen at the side. It was filled with hard evidence of her murder of Madam President.

All of Annie's hopes were dashed. She tried hard to suppress her tears. She sniffled and said hoarsely, "I-I acknowledge…"

"Wait a minute."

Before Annie could finish speaking, Qiao Nian's clear voice interrupted her.

The court had always been a very serious place. One could speak only if one was allowed by the judge. However, as this matter was related to the president, the judge had set up a free court in advance so that everyone could speak.

Just like how Mark had spoken to Annie once previously.

No one stopped Qiao Nian.

Qiao Nian glanced coldly at Annie, who was not far away. Previously, she had realized that Annie's attitude was strange. Later on, when she heard from the guards that she was still calling for her dad in her dreams, she understood that Annie had only said that she wanted to identify the murderer to force Mark to appear.

Mark didn't acknowledge his daughter, but Annie still acknowledged Mark as her father.

Qiao Nian didn't think that Annie was a filial child. Instead, she felt that Annie was extremely stupid.