Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1632 I Confess

How could Mark have taken a liking to Annie if she was so stupid?

Qiao Nian's gaze fell on Judge Jason, who was not far away. She said very politely, "I'm very sorry, Your Honor. I wonder if I can ask Earl Mark something?"

Jason had already received the president's permission, so he nodded. "Sure."

"Thank you." Qiao Nian nodded slightly, then looked at Mark, who was not far away, with a sharp and cold gaze. Her voice was as cold as ice. "Earl, Princess Annie is your daughter. She's only in her early twenties this year. How can someone her age have the guts to murder Madam President, and use such a brilliant method? May I ask if the Earl knows who instructed Princess Annie behind the scenes?"

Annie had a flamboyant personality. She said whatever she wanted. How could she do such a complicated thing?

To put it simply, Annie didn't have the brains. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Many of the people present were from the royal family. They all knew what kind of person Annie was and knew very well that Annie would definitely not dare to attack Madam President alone.

Someone must have arranged for Annie to do those things.

Although everyone knew this, no one dared to say it.

They all looked curiously at the young woman who had stood up to speak. She was really a beautiful woman. Unfortunately, she probably wouldn't live long.

When Mark heard Qiao Nian's voice, his eyes narrowed slightly. He looked at her coldly and seemed to have thought of something. He raised his hand to cover his mouth slightly and a faint smile appeared on his face.

Mark didn't answer Qiao Nian at all. Instead, he looked directly at Annie, who was standing at the interrogation table. He gave her a look that said, "Hurry up."

Qiao Nian noticed Mark's gaze. Frowning slightly, she followed his gaze and looked at Annie worriedly.

When Annie received Mark's gaze, her eyes were filled with despair. She didn't look at Qiao Nian, but at Mark. Her voice trembled as she said, "I-I was the one who poisoned Madam President. I'll bear the consequences myself."

With that, tears streamed down Annie's face, as if she was in great pain.

When Qiao Nian heard Annie's words, her eyes turned cold. "Where's the motive? What conflict does Madam President have with you? Why did you poison her?"

When Annie heard Qiao Nian's voice, she turned to look at her. Her gaze inadvertently fell on Gu Zhou, who was beside Qiao Nian.

She still remembered that day. She shook off the guards and slipped in. She saw a god-like person standing there.

At that time, she felt that he was her true love. She had to be with him.

But now, that man was just like his father, unwilling to even look at her. His gaze was fixed on Qiao Nian.

How was this fair?!

How could Qiao Nian obtain that man's love? How was she inferior to Qiao Nian?

If Qiao Nian hadn't discovered that there was something wrong with the herbs she had given Madam President, she wouldn't have ended up like this, and she wouldn't have been abandoned by her father.

All of this was Qiao Nian's fault.

If only Qiao Nian didn't exist in this world.

However, there was no medicine for regret in this world.

Annie glared at Qiao Nian like a dog about to go crazy. She shouted crazily, "Did I do something wrong? I just love my country. I just want our country to prosper. I can't accept an invalid Madam President. She can't bring any benefits to our country at all. Such a person should die early!"

Annie flicked her hair, causing her fiery red hair to flutter again. Her eyes became firm, completely ignoring the angry Qiao Nian. "I confess! I did all of this. Those who drag people down don't deserve to live!"

Qiao Nian stood there calmly. She narrowed her eyes slightly, hiding the anger and helplessness in them.

Not only did she find Mark despicable, but she also found Annie pathetic.

One of them directly pushed the blame to his only biological daughter, while the other was willing to be her father's scapegoat.

Seeing that the judge was silent, Annie repeated word by word, "Your Honor, I admit that I murdered Madam President. I plead guilty. You can sentence me to jail."

No matter what her father thought, she didn't want to upset him.