Chapter 1633 Hatred

Mark sat where he was. When he heard Annie say "I confess" in her usual arrogant tone, something else flashed in his eyes, but it disappeared in an instant. He was still playing with the prayer beads in his hand absent-mindedly, as if he was still watching a show casually.

The judge frowned slightly. He knew exactly what the president had instructed him to do previously, but now that Annie was in this state, he didn't know what to say. He subconsciously looked at the president.

The president tried hard to calm his anger. He couldn't let anyone see his expression. After a moment of silence, he said in a low voice, "Case closed. Next case!"

The president knew very well that there was no point in wasting time with Annie now. Annie loved Mark the most. She would rather be hurt than let Mark suffer.

Qiao Nian looked at Annie, who was not far away, and her lips curved up coldly.

A pitiful person must have something hateful about her.

Annie had brought this upon herself.

If she had seen the truth earlier, she probably wouldn't have been used by Mark.

However, Annie was a willing party. This was what made Qiao Nian feel sad. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Mark was not worthy of being Annie's father at all.

After Annie finished speaking, she seemed to realize the consequences of her decision. She squatted on the ground, her face ashen, and hugged her head with both hands.

Qiao Nian slowly sat down and closed her eyes helplessly. She could only wait for the next case. As long as Cui Qi admitted that it was Mark's fault, there would be witnesses and evidence. Even if Mark wanted to quibble, he wouldn't be able to do anything.

However, would Cui Qi really confess everything?

Qiao Nian felt uneasy.

Gu Zhou seemed to have already read Qiao Nian's mind. He gently held her hand and said gently, "Don't worry, it'll be fine."

Qiao Nian looked up at Gu Zhou. When she heard Gu Zhou's words, she calmed down slightly.

That made sense. Annie was Mark's biological daughter. It was only right for Annie to protect Mark, but Cui Qi was different.

There was a blood feud between Cui Qi and Mark.

After Qiao Nian thought everything through, she heaved a sigh of relief. She looked at Gu Zhou and nodded.

Judge Jason's calm voice rang out. "The first case of Annie murdering Madam President has ended. Now, we'll start the second case. Please invite the people involved in the second case. Those who are unrelated, please leave immediately."

At this moment, the soldier dragging Annie down from the interrogation table crossed paths with Cui Qi, who had been brought over by the soldier.

Although Princess Annie had already cleaned up herself, she no longer looked energetic. She looked dispirited.

However, Cui Qi looked much better, as if the blow had never happened.

Cui Qi entered the courtyard. His gaze swept across the courtyard, and finally landed on Mark.

Mark!

Cui Qi pursed his lips tightly. He recalled the Cui family when his father was still around. At that time, he was carefree.

He knew very well that no matter what happened, as long as his father was around, his father would definitely settle everything for him. At that time, he would not be the next heir of the Cui family. He could enjoy the life of a rich second-generation heir.

But all of this had been ruined by Mark.

His father was dead, his mother had died for him, and his brother had disappeared. Everything was on him, and he had no choice but to shoulder everything in the Cui family.

He had personally taken care of his parents' funeral and even sent someone to look for his brother. At that time, he clearly remembered the way he looked in the mirror. In one night, he had gone from a child to an adult.

An adult who had to shoulder the entire family.

Life was already very bitter. He had tried hard to support his family, but he had not expected there to be a fire in the house, let alone think that the fire would cause a burn on his face.

Even now, he remembered that it was Mark who had rushed into the fire and saved him from it.

He was clearly his savior. How had he become his enemy?

He had thought about it all night last night and finally understood something.