Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1635 Crazy

Annie raised her hand to wipe the tears off her face and said with a smile, "He was shot at such a close distance. He won't survive at all. I advise you not to waste your medical resources for nothing."

Mark, who was standing not far away, heard Annie's words. A trace of surprise flashed in his eyes. He hadn't expected Annie to do this.

A complicated look flashed in Mark's eyes, as if he had thought of something. His frown relaxed.

The president looked at Annie. All his plans had been disrupted by her. If she hadn't fired the shots, he could have taken down Mark easily.

All these years, Mark had been controlling the entire European royal family behind the scenes, and he had used very ruthless methods.

The president sighed heavily and said sternly, "Annie, do you know what you're doing? Not only did you assassinate Madam President, but you also shot Cui Qi in front of everyone. Everyone saw the entire process of your crime. You're definitely going to die. No one can protect you."

"Protect me for what?" Annie raised her eyebrows slightly. Her gaze fell on the president's face not far away and she said with a smile, "I've never liked the fact that there's a sickly First Madam in Europe and a hypocritical Seventh Princess."

Annie smiled and said arrogantly, "I'm the most beautiful princess in Europe. When I look at Lina's hypocritical face, I can't help but want to throw up!"

Qiao Nian slowly wiped the blood off her hands. Her gaze fell on Annie's face. She seemed to have thought of something and said sympathetically, "Annie, I know you were trying to silence him."

Qiao Nian's words were like a bomb that exploded in Annie's mind.

Annie stood rooted to the ground, her lips trembling. She looked at Qiao Nian in a daze, not knowing what to say.

Annie subconsciously looked at Mark, who was not far away. Mark had his head lowered as he spoke to Wright, as if he didn't care about her situation at all.

"Nonsense." Annie glared at Qiao Nian, her eyes turning redder and redder. She roared hysterically, "What do you know? Those who can't complete their missions don't deserve to live. They don't deserve to live in this world."

She wasn't saying this for Qiao Nian to hear, but for herself.

If she could complete the mission her father had given her properly, her father would not have abandoned her.

However, Annie felt a little relieved. Although she hadn't completed the mission her father had given her, she had protected her father. Her father no longer had to be afraid of the president. She could be considered to have made up for her mistake!

Qiao Nian's gaze fell on Annie's face. Annie's eyes were filled with hatred. She had also noticed how Annie had stolen a glance at Mark just now. Her lips curved up slightly as she said coldly, "Annie, even if Cui Qi didn't complete your mission, you don't have to kill him, right? If you don't shoot, you can be released from prison after the sentence is over."

She paused for a moment and continued, "But now, you chose to kill Cui Qi directly. Aren't you covering up for someone else?"

"Shut up, you fool. I don't know what you're talking about at all!" Annie shouted with her eyes closed. Seeing that the surroundings had quietened down, she muttered softly, "I didn't cover anything for my father."

"So you're covering up for your father." Qiao Nian looked at Annie calmly, her lips curving up slightly. "That's true. Cui Qi is working for your father. He should only listen to your father's orders. According to this logic, why would he listen to you?" VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Seeing that Annie was in a daze, Qiao Nian took a step forward and questioned, "Also, you're the princess of an Earl. How can you make a general work for you? That general even used the power of the army. Could it be that you want to rebel?"

Annie raised her hand to slap Qiao Nian's face, but she was held tightly by the soldiers beside her and was unable to move. She glared at Qiao Nian angrily, wishing she could kill her.

"Shut up." Annie looked at Qiao Nian with a dark expression.

"He was doing something for your father. Annie, do you think everyone in the country is stupid?" Qiao Nian raised her eyebrows slightly and looked at Annie coldly.