Chapter 1638 Questioning

Since Mark wasn't leaving now, Qiao Nian wouldn't give him an easy chance. She smiled gently. "Although Annie has already admitted all her crimes just now, there's something I haven't understood."

Seeing the brashness on her face, the joy in Mark's eyes became even more obvious.

"Earl, from the moment you entered the court, I've noticed that you've been playing with your thumb ring. Could it be that this ring is new and doesn't suit you?" Qiao Nian smiled at Mark, her voice gentle and mellow.

When Mark heard Qiao Nian's words, he subconsciously looked at the thumb ring, as if he was thinking about something.

Qiao Nian smiled and said, "The judge has already said just now that the connection between Annie and Cui Qi is through the thumb ring."

As she spoke, Qiao Nian took out a ring in a transparent bag from her pocket. The ring shone under the light.

"We've investigated. Not only are Princess Annie and General Cui Qi's fingerprints on this ring, but your fingerprints are also on it," Qiao Nian said lightly. Seeing the judge walk over, she smiled and said, "Your Honor, we also have a new witness."

Instinctively, the judge looked at the president. When he nodded, the judge said, "Bring the witness over."

This time, the person who came was none other than Cui Qi's capable subordinate. His name was Andi.

Andi was the person Chen Qing had captured that night when he went straight to the warehouse with his men.

Andi was brought in. He kept his head lowered and was trembling.

Everyone present was a big shot. No matter who it was, he couldn't afford to offend any of them.

However, he had been with General Cui Qi for so many years. When he was brought over with General Cui Qi this morning, he heard General Cui Qi talk about Mark. He really did not expect Earl Mark to be so vicious.

Andi took a deep breath and tried to stand up straight, but his legs felt weak. He stared unblinkingly at Mark. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Mark glanced at Andi and pondered for a moment. He said lightly, "I don't know him."

"I'm the deputy general beside General Cui Qi!" Andi said through gritted teeth.

When Mark heard Andi's words, he nodded lightly and said, "Oh."

Mark was very busy. He had no time to remember those insignificant people.

Qiao Nian's gaze fell on Andi's face. She picked up the ring in her hand and asked with a smile, "Andi, you know this ring, right?"

"Yes," Ander said firmly. Many times, when Earl Mark asked General Cui Qi for help, he would send this ring and a letter to General Cui Qi. He had seen it many times.

"This ring is Earl Mark's token. Earl Mark likes to write letters to instruct General Cui Qi to do things. This ring is a token. I've seen it many times. Moreover, General Cui Qi said that seeing the ring is equivalent to seeing Earl Mark himself. He told us to be vigilant. As long as Earl Mark's ring appears, we have to inform the general immediately."

The President's gaze fell on the ring in Qiao Nian's hand. He looked coldly at Mark, who was standing not far away. Now that Andi had made it so clear, he wanted to see how Mark would continue to quibble.

The judge also looked at Mark and asked, "Earl, what do you have to say about this ring?

Mark just looked calmly at the ring in Qiao Nian's hand. He slowly walked up to Qiao Nian and reached out his hand.

When everyone saw this, their hearts jumped to their throats. They were very worried that Earl Mark would be angry and attack Qiao Nian.

Qiao Nian's figure was weak. She probably wouldn't be able to withstand a palm strike from Mark.

Qiao Nian's expression was calm as she placed the ring in Mark's hand, as if she wasn't worried that Mark would attack her at all.

Actually, there was already a silver needle in her left hand that was ready to be shot.

Even if she had to fight Mark in court, she wasn't afraid.

Mark took the ring from Qiao Nian and looked at it carefully. He nodded seriously. "That's right. This is my ring."

Everyone was stunned.