Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1640 Resolved

The situation was extremely dangerous now. A war was about to break out.

"Lord Earl." Qiao Nian stepped forward slightly, a gentle smile on her face. Her beautiful fox-like eyes seemed to be filled with stars. Her voice was like spring water in the mountains, giving off a relaxed and happy feeling. "I think there's some misunderstanding between you and the President."

The president and Mark, who were at daggers drawn, stared unblinkingly at Qiao Nian.

The President thought, "I just want him to be detained. There's no misunderstanding at all!"

The atmosphere in the entire court was oppressive. No one dared to step forward and speak. Only Qiao Nian dared to speak.

Gu Zhou's gaze fell on Qiao Nian's face. Seeing her calm expression, he knew that Qiao Nian wouldn't do anything she wasn't confident of. He didn't say anything and let Qiao Nian do whatever she wanted. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

When Qiao Nian smiled, she made one feel as if they were bathing in a spring breeze. She gave off a bright feeling.

"There are a total of two cases today. The first is the case of Princess Annie poisoning Madam President. The second case was originally to interrogate Cui Qi for the intentional murder of the Seventh Princess. However, before the second case started, Princess Annie shot and killed Cui Qi in front of everyone."

Qiao Nian looked at Mark and said calmly, "Although the evidence shows that you have nothing to do with this, Princess Annie is still your daughter."

As Qiao Nian spoke, she noticed the maliciousness in Mark's eyes, as if a storm was about to arrive.

However, Mark didn't speak. Qiao Nian heaved a sigh of relief in her heart and continued calmly, "As the saying goes, it's the father's fault for not teaching his child well. Princess Annie has committed so many crimes. Her crimes are already confirmed. It'll be difficult to stop the rumors from spreading."

"This trial is live-streamed worldwide. There are also many European citizens outside the court who are concerned about the case. Not only is the respected Judge Jason in the court, but there are also royal reporters. Everything will be recorded and seen by future Europeans."

Seeing the pause on Mark's face, Qiao Nian understood that she had made the right bet. "Whether this matter has anything to do with you or not has yet to be investigated. There are many people spouting nonsense outside. Even if you don't care about the opinions of others, this will be recorded in history. You've been famous for your entire life. You can't ruin your reputation in history because of the nonsense of the public, right?"

Since ancient times, the emperors of Country Z might not be what the people around them thought, but they cared a lot about what happened after their death.

When some emperors were alive, they fought in battles everywhere and unified the world. Then, they began to unify the currency and language. They even made many contributions.

No one remembered how many people had died under his rule. Everyone only knew that he had conquered the world and he had done many good things for his people.

Mark lowered his gaze slightly, the anger in his eyes dissipating significantly.

If he wanted to be the president, he could deal with the current president at any time. He cared a lot about what was recorded in history. He could only take it slow. In the future…

Mark retracted his thoughts. His tone was low with a trace of dissatisfaction. "I can wash my hands of everything just because I'm detained?"

When Qiao Nian heard Mark's words, she roughly understood what he wanted. He wanted a beautiful name and story in the history books for future generations to admire.

In that case, the rest would be easy.

"The President knows that the impact of this matter is not good but the President wants you detained. After he investigates this matter, he can clear your name."

Qiao Nian's tone was as gentle as the wind. "After the truth is revealed, there won't be anyone who will spout nonsense. Your reputation will naturally not be affected. Not only that, you'll definitely become a role model in history for not supporting a princess who breaks the law as well as putting righteousness before his family!"

When the President heard Qiao Nian's words, his heart skipped a beat. With a serious expression, he said, "This matter is too important. I'll personally investigate the entire matter. When the time comes, I'll definitely give the public a perfect answer."

He wanted to take the opportunity to find something on Mark so that he could no longer do whatever he wanted!