Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1641 Apologizing

When Qiao Nian heard the President's ambiguous words, she hurriedly smiled and saved the day. "Earl, since the President is personally investigating this matter, I believe the truth will surface soon. Don't waste the President's good intentions."

Gu Zhou's gaze fell on Qiao Nian's face, and his lips curved up imperceptibly. His Nian'er was really good at salvaging the situation.

With this thought in mind, Gu Zhou's gaze fell on the president not far away. He could tell that the president was really angry. He no longer wanted to lie.

Mark frowned slightly. Out of the corner of his eye, he glanced at the transcribers of the trial sitting not far away. They were looking down at their keyboards.

Mark's expression changed slightly. Then, he looked up and nodded. "Alright. Since the President is willing to investigate everything for me personally, I'm naturally willing to cooperate."

With that, Mark stuffed a hand into his pocket and walked out coldly.

When he arrived, he chatted with Wright in a low voice, but when he left, he emitted a low aura, as if he wanted to destroy all life.

After Mark left, Qiao Nian looked at the president beside her and apologized sincerely. "Mr. President, I'm really sorry. The situation just now was too critical. I took the initiative to stand up and might have offended you."

Actually, Qiao Nian had already seen through it just now. The president wanted to risk everything, but if he went against Mark at all costs, it would only put the entire court in danger.

Apart from Mark's people, the rest of the people present might never see the sun tomorrow.

She stepped forward and spoke up. Although the crisis had just been resolved, she didn't know if the president was willing to accept this choice.

Gu Zhou naturally understood what Qiao Nian meant. He hurriedly stepped forward and said, "Mr. President, my wife took the initiative to do this. We are willing to accept punishment together."

When Qiao Nian heard Gu Zhou's words, she looked up at him. A faint smile flickered in her eyes, and the uneasiness in her heart disappeared.

Actually, she knew very well that even though she stepped forward and spoke up, the president probably wouldn't be angry. After all, she had questioned Mark directly in court.

They were in the same boat as the President.

The President's shoulders slumped slightly, and fatigue was written all over his face. His gaze fell on Qiao Nian's face, and there was a smile in his eyes.

"You prevented a disaster that was about to erupt. I understand your good intentions. I should thank both of you. Why would I punish you?"

The president knew in his heart that he had been too rash just now. He really couldn't take it anymore.

At that time, Mark had threatened him. Every word was like a knife stabbed into his chest.

Even if he insisted on detaining Mark, Mark might launch an armed coup today.

At the thought of this, the president's eyes were filled with fatigue. Mark was right. The strength of his subordinates was indeed far inferior to Mark's. Only half of them followed him.

It seemed that he still had a long way to go to become a true president.

"It's getting late. I have some things to do when I get back."

Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian could both tell that the president was tired. That made sense. No matter who it was, they would feel tired after what had happened today.

Gu Zhou's eyes were filled with warmth as he said in a low voice, "President, no matter who it is, people will encounter internal conflicts. Sometimes, the process is bumpy but it is worth it as long as the outcome is good. Just like how you successfully established your power today." Gáº¹tt the lğ’‚test ğ’ğ’vğ’†ls at ğ’.o/(v)/e/l/biğ’(.)coğ’

When the President heard Gu Zhou's words, a smile flashed in his eyes. He smiled and said, "That's true. Shen Mei often tells me not to be anxious about anything. Take it slow."

Gu Zhou smiled and nodded.

Seeing that this matter had ended, Qiao Nian heaved a sigh of relief. Not far away, people from the court were sorting out the results of the trial. She seemed to have thought of something and said, "President, can you let me send the results of the trial?"

Gu Zhou glanced at Qiao Nian. He knew that Qiao Nian still wanted to chat with Annie. He nodded and said, "If you go, I'll go with you."

The President watched as Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian looked at each other. In a daze, he thought of him and Shen Mei again.

When he was free, he would also stay at home with Shen Mei. They were also as clingy as Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian.

The president was in a much better mood than before. He said in a low voice, "The two of you have such a good relationship."