Chapter 1642 Threat

As he spoke, the president envied Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian. The two of them could walk side by side at any time.

Who didn't want their other half to walk side by side with them?

Gu Zhou only smiled and held Qiao Nian's hand tightly.

"Come with me!" The president agreed with a smile. After this incident, he really treated Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian as friends.

"Thank you, President," Qiao Nian said with a smile.

The president gave Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian a few more reminders before leaving.

Qiao Nian followed Gu Zhou to Judge Jason.

Jason's gaze lingered on Qiao Nian's face. Recalling what Qiao Nian had just said to Mark, he praised, "Miss Qiao, you're the bravest lady I've ever seen." VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"Judge, you're flattering me. Actually, I didn't do anything. The president originally wanted to investigate everything for the Earl. I just wanted to express it more clearly." The smile on Qiao Nian's face grew wider.

Jason nodded and smiled in an unspoken mutual understanding.

When the president walked outside, he saw Mark standing by the road from afar. He planned to ignore Mark and take a car back to the palace. Unexpectedly, Mark walked over.

Mark had a cordial smile on his face, as if he wasn't the one who had just sulked in court.

He walked up to the president. "My dear brother, you're here. There's something I want to talk to you about alone."

The president was blocked by Mark. There were many people not far away, so he couldn't embarrass Mark directly. He had a polite and distant smile on his face.

He could tell that Mark was deliberately avoiding Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian. He was probably afraid that Qiao Nian would turn the situation around with a few words.

Wright, who was standing beside Mark, smiled solicitously at the President and said, "Mr. President."

The President only saw Wright's face and suppressed his disgust. He had no intention of sitting down. His gaze fell on Wright's face and he said, "I'm sorry, I have other things to do. If there's anything, we can arrange a time later."

Mark placed his hands in front of him and pointed at the cafe not far away. "Why don't we have a drink?"

Just as the president was about to leave, he noticed that Wright was already standing behind him.

Mark was in front, and Wright was behind. The two of them pressured the president.

The president could see that Mark had no choice but to do as he said in court. Mark wanted to take advantage of the situation now. With this thought in mind, he said, "I'm afraid I don't have the time. If it's important, you can say it now."

Mark smiled and said, "It's like this. I heard from Wright that he's already confessed his love for Lina, but Lina hasn't responded. This was originally a matter between two children, and we adults shouldn't interfere, but this concerns the happiness of our children, so I thought of proposing marriage to Lina on Wright's behalf. Dear Brother, what do you think?"

When the people saw the president and Earl Mark standing together and chatting, they were all very curious about what they were chatting about. However, there were many guards around them, isolating them from the public.

The President turned back to look at Wright behind him and took a step back, forming a three-way confrontation.

Wright's face was filled with a fawning smile.

The president stared unblinkingly at Wright.

Wright couldn't help but put on a fake smile.

When Wright was very young, Mark had adopted him and had always taken him under his wing.

The current Wright was 70% like Mark.

A gust of wind blew past, messing up the president's hair, causing it to flutter in the wind. He looked at Wright expressionlessly. How could such a vicious person still want his daughter?

This was simply a dream.

Seeing that the president was silent, the smile on Mark's face gradually disappeared. His eyes turned cold, and his voice was dignified. "My dear brother, ever since you became the president, many people outside have said that we brothers are not on good terms. As members of the royal family, we should take into account the dignity of the royal family."

Mark paused for a moment and continued, "There's a perfect solution now. That is to let Wright and Lina get married. As long as the two of them get married, the rumors of us brothers being on bad terms will fall apart."