Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Wright stared unblinkingly into Mark's eyes. He could clearly see a burning anger in Mark's eyes. It was a rage that could burn out the entire world.

Wright's throat seemed to be gripped tightly by a hand. He said with difficulty, "When Annie was in prison… she went crazy!"

Wright's eyes were slightly red. He lowered his gaze slightly, trying hard to remain shocked.Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Even if they got Annie out, Annie was already crazy. Was a crazy Annie still the same?

Mark retracted his gaze indifferently. He had never expected that the last time he would see a normal Annie was in court.

Even if he saved Annie afterwards, it wouldn't make up for her loss in sanity.

Mark's gaze moved away from Wright's face and fell on the photo in his hand. He gently stroked the person in the photo and walked towards the sofa not far away.

Wright finally recovered. He followed Mark and said in a low voice, "After the trial, Qiao Nian seemed to want to get Annie's confession from her. She kept agitating Annie in prison, and then Annie…"

As he spoke, he stole a glance at Wright and saw him sitting there calmly, as if he wasn't the one who had been furious just now.

Mark narrowed his eyes slightly and placed Annie's photo on the coffee table in front of the sofa. He picked up the wine glass on the coffee table and Qiao Nian's beautiful face appeared in his mind again. He still remembered how she had looked when she questioned him in court.

She was indeed an interesting little girl.

Unfortunately, she wasn't on his side.

Mark's eyes gradually turned cold. His gaze fell on Wright's face and he asked, "Have you investigated?"

"I've already found out." Wright gave his subordinate a look. His subordinate was very observant and dug out the information on Qiao Nian and Gu Zhou on his phone.

He looked at the contents of the phone and his expression darkened. "Qiao Nian and Gu Zhou are both from An City. Qiao Nian is the eldest daughter of the Lu family who has just been found and Gu Zhou is the Second Young Master of the Gu family. The two of them came to Europe this time to investigate the kidnapping of the eldest daughter of the Lu family twenty-one years ago."

Mark took a deep breath, his eyes filled with danger. He said calmly, "It seems that we're destined to be sworn enemies."

If not for the Lu family and the Gu family back then, he would have ascended to the throne long ago.

Now, they were here to disrupt the situation again. They were like unkillable cockroaches. Just looking at them made him feel disgusted.

Exhausted, Mark lay on the sofa and slowly closed his eyes. His mind was filled with what had happened in court.

Detained.

What a good idea.

Mark's frown deepened. His good brother could actually detain him.

His wings had really hardened. To deal with someone like him ,he should cut off his wings in advance to prevent him from causing trouble.

"Looks like I have to break my good brother's wings bit by bit!" Mark said word by word, his tone cold.

Wright noticed that Mark's eyes had turned cold. He knew that Mark was extremely dissatisfied with the president. Thinking of their plan, he asked, "Should we attack early?"

"There's no hurry." Mark looked up at Wright with a cold smile on his face. "No matter what, he's going to become your father-in-law."

Wright nodded slightly and smiled sinisterly. "I understand. We have to hold a wedding first to celebrate."

Today, Mark had deliberately proposed marriage to the president at the entrance of the court. In other words, he wanted the president to stop postponing it. If the president delayed it any longer, he would probably lose his position.

He would be able to marry Princess Lina soon.

Wright's lips curved up slightly. It seemed that his father was going to speed things up.

At the Royal Palace Hospital.

When Qiao Nian and Gu Zhou arrived at the hospital, they saw Chen Qing standing guard outside the operating theater.

"Second Young Master and Second Young Madam." When Chen Qing heard footsteps, he turned to look at the people who had arrived. He hurriedly walked over and greeted them respectfully.

Qiao Nian nodded slightly. She glanced at the closed door of the operating theater and asked in a low voice, "How is it now?"