Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

When Chen Qing heard Qiao Nian's question, he looked at the door of the ward worriedly and said in a low voice, "Madam, I followed your instructions and sent General Cui to the operating theater. However, Doctor Ollie went in and hasn't come out. I'm not sure how General Cui is now."

When Qiao Nian heard Chen Qing's words, she frowned slightly. She quickly walked to the door of the operating theater and looked through the gap to see what was going on. However, the door was closed so tightly that she couldn't see anything.

Qiao Nian walked back to Gu Zhou and said softly, "I've already given him the Resurrection Pill. This pill can bring a patient back from the gates of hell. However, Cui Qi was seriously injured at that time. I don't know if he'll be able to live."

Although Cui Qi was not completely aware of the kidnapping of the eldest daughter of the Lu family 21 years ago, Cui Qi's words had made her realize something. Cui Qi might still know some small details.

If Cui Qi was really dead, she would have to investigate new clues again.

However, she could already target Mark.

Gu Zhou looked at Qiao Nian's thoughtful expression and knew what she was thinking. He reached out and put his arm around Qiao Nian's shoulder, patting her gently. He comforted her softly, "Don't worry, he'll definitely be fine."

Qiao Nian nodded gently. She only hoped that Cui Qi was really fine.

Gu Zhou's gaze fell on Chen Qing's face. He asked in a low voice, "Has the president come over during this period of time?"

Chen Qing nodded slightly. His gaze fell on the ward next door and he said softly, "The President has gone to see Madam President."

Gu Zhou understood. Madam President had been staying at the hospital for the past two days because Qiao Nian wanted to help her remove the Gu worm in her body. Now, Madam President was just familiarizing herself with the ward.

Gu Zhou turned to look at Qiao Nian and asked in a low voice, "How's the preparation for the surgery?"

"It's almost done," Qiao Nian said seriously. She pulled Gu Zhou to a chair and sat down. "When Madam President gets better, I'll be able to do it immediately."

"Got it."

At this moment, outside the ward not far away.

The President stood at the door of the ward and looked at Shen Mei through the glass. Shen Mei was lying on the hospital bed, sleeping soundly.

However, looking at Shen Mei's quiet and calm sleeping face, the president's restlessness gradually calmed down. Mei Mei was right. Some things really had to be taken slowly.

He had been a little too rash in court today.

Lina walked in and saw the president standing at the door of the ward. She smiled and asked, "Dad, is Mom still taking an afternoon nap?"

When the president heard Lina's voice, he turned around and saw her smiling.

Lina looked very similar to Shen Mei before her plastic surgery, especially her smoky eyes. One would never be able to look away from them.

He was very glad that he had such a lively and adorable daughter.

However, that crazy wolf cub, Wright ac ,tually targeted his Lina. His Lina was so beautiful. How could she be with a beast like Wright?

Lina walked up to the president and glanced into the ward. Seeing that her mother was still asleep, she was about to speak to the president when she saw her father frowning and looking worried.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"Dad," Lina whispered.

The president came back to his senses and nodded gently. He walked to a chair and sat down.

Lina looked at the president worriedly and sat down beside him. She asked carefully, "Dad, did the court session today…"

She didn't know how to ask the question. She was afraid that if she asked it bluntly, it would hurt the president's heart.

She was a royal princess. Although her father had already tried his best to keep her away from the darkness of the royal family, she understood the turbulence of the royal family.

Today's court session was a war between Dad and Mark.

She wanted to follow her father to court, but her father was worried that she would be hurt again, so he asked her to stay at home.

Nian Nian wanted to help her mother remove the Gu worm in her body. Her mother needed to recuperate well and get used to the ward, so she had been staying in the palace to accompany her mother.