The president turned to look at Lina. Seeing her worried expression, he forced a smile and said softly, "Don't worry, it's fine. Today…"

At this point, the president hesitated for a moment and pursed his lips slightly. Then, he continued, "It's a draw!"

A draw?

Lina's eyes widened uncontrollably. She looked at the president in surprise. Just as she was about to ask about the details, she heard the president's displeased voice.

"Lina, have you been hiding something from me?" The president stared unblinkingly at Lina, his eyes gradually turning cold.

Lina panicked. When she heard the president's question, she seemed to have thought of something. She blinked innocently and said, "No."

"But…" The President pursed his lips slightly, as if he had thought of something. Then, he said, "Wright proposed to you. Why didn't you tell me about this?"

When Lina heard the word "Wright", her expression instantly darkened. She pursed her lips and took a deep breath before saying, "I haven't thought about this matter. I just wanted to tell you after I've thought it through."

"Lina." As the president spoke, he grabbed Lina's hand. Feeling the warmth of Lina's hand, he suddenly recalled how Lina had looked when she was just born. His eyes were filled with gentleness. "Do you like Wright?"

He didn't want his daughter to be reduced to a tool for marriage. He wanted her to live freely and innocently.

His daughter could only get married because of love.

When Lina heard the president's words and thought of Wright's face, she smiled coldly and said softly, "Dad, I know very well what happened between you and Uncle. Uncle did so many things to hurt you for the throne. Wright also used unscrupulous means to force me to marry him. It's impossible for me to like Wright."

Just now, her father's expression was very ugly. This meant that his father's plan had failed at least once.

If her father won, he would definitely be very happy.

Lina felt as if a huge rock was pressing down on her chest. It was so heavy that she couldn't breathe.

As a member of the royal family, she could not live as she pleased.

Previously, she had still held a little hope in her heart that her father would succeed. That way, she could live the life she wanted freely.

However, her father had failed. That meant that her father had already lost his best opportunity. She didn't know when the next opportunity would come.

Unless…

Lina lowered her gaze slightly, her mind racing.

A trace of confusion flashed in the President's eyes. Puzzled, he asked, "What do you want to think about?"

Lina lowered her head, a trace of helplessness flashing in her eyes. She said softly, "Dad, I know you're worried about me. You want me to be happy, but I understand what I need to do."

With that, Lina slowly sat up straight. Her gaze fell on the president's face and she gave an elegant and mature smile. Although she was wearing ordinary clothes, she still gave off the aura of a European princess.

"Dad, I'm the princess of Europe. It's impossible for me to live like an ordinary person." There was a hint of a smile on Lina's face, and her eyes were sparkling, as if they were filled with stars. She continued, "As long as I can investigate what Mark did, find out about the lover who has been hiding in the dark, and find evidence of his betrayal, Dad can easily defeat Uncle."

When the president heard Lina's words, he wasn't happy about them. Instead, he felt a little sad. The reason why he asked Lina that question was because he wanted an affirmative answer from her.

"Lina, you're the princess of Europe. Your responsibility isn't to find evidence of Mark's betrayal. Your responsibility is to protect the people of Europe and live an easy and happy life." The President held Lina's hand tightly and said gently, "You're still young. If you marry Wright and meet someone you like in the future whom you want to spend the rest of your life with, what will you do?"ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

The person she liked?

Send the rest of their lives together?

Lina's lips tightened.