Chapter 1649  Helpless

Shen Mei shook her head at Qiao Nian. Her gaze fell on the president's face. Seeing that the president was about to leave, she gripped his hand tightly, her eyes filled with reluctance. She wanted to say something, but she didn't know what to say.

The president knew that Shen Mei had already heard his conversation with Lina. He sighed heavily and gently patted Shen Mei's hand. In a low voice, he said, "The most important thing now is your health. Don't think about anything else."

"No, I'm not important." Shen Mei shook her head. Her eyes turned red, and her voice trembled. "Why? Why is Lina going to marry Wright?"

Shen Mei's words were like a knife stabbing into the president's chest.

The president lowered his gaze slightly. Actually, he didn't want to marry Lina to Wright, but just as Lina had said, if Lina married him, they would be able to find incriminating evidence against Mark very quickly.

The president's heart ached. Although Lina was the one who had suggested this, he really felt that he was just incapable. It was as if a huge rock was pressing down on his chest. "It's all my fault. I didn't protect you two well…"

He really had no choice.

Some things were not up to him, just like how Shen Mei needed to undergo plastic surgery back then.

However, he didn't want Shen Mei to worry about these things, so he didn't want to say anything else.

The president pursed his lips and said in a low voice, "Rest well now!"

"My body…" Shen Mei hurriedly clutched her chest. After coughing, she looked at the president with teary eyes and asked anxiously, "Lina, I want to speak to her."

As soon as she finished speaking, she began to cough violently again.

The president looked at Shen Mei with heartache. He hurriedly patted Shen Mei's back and said softly, "Don't be anxious. We'll talk about this later. Rest well now!"

Qiao Nian had also heard the conversation between the president and Lina just now. As he was the president, it was normal for him to have no choice.

She didn't want Lina to marry that beast Wright just like that.

However, some things could not be done as they pleased. The world did not revolve around them.

Seeing how emotional Shen Mei was, Qiao Nian hurriedly said to the president, "It's not good for Madam's condition if the President stays here. She'll only be flustered. I'll stay here and take care of Madam."

Hearing Qiao Nian's words, the president glanced at Shen Mei worriedly. In the end, he sighed helplessly and left the room with Gu Zhou.

When they left the ward, Chen Qing closed the door and followed them out.

Gu Zhou's gaze fell on the president beside him. He had also heard the conversation between the president and Lina just now.

Gu Zhou's eyes were tinged with frost. As a man, he knew how upset the president was.

Gu Zhou glanced at the closed ward door, then at the President. He said in a low voice, "Mr. President, don't worry. Nian'er will definitely save Madam."

When the President heard Gu Zhou's affirmative answer, he smiled bitterly and nodded. In a low voice, he said, "Yes, that's good." VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

The President took a deep breath and said to Gu Zhou in a low voice, "Since Lina has already decided to marry Wright, I'll analyze the situation carefully and see how to make my brother bleed."

Lina was his daughter. He was extremely sad that his daughter would be marrying Wright, but he had no time to be sad now. He could only execute his plan as soon as possible and not let Lina suffer for nothing.

When the President thought of Lina, his heart seemed to be gripped tightly by an invisible hand. He looked at Gu Zhou and said in a low voice, "Lina has never had a good friend. You're her good friends. I hope you can stay with her during this period of time."

"Yes." Gu Zhou nodded.

The President patted Gu Zhou's shoulder and walked out.

Chen Qing looked at the president's back. Lina's figure appeared in his mind again, and his heart ached. He tried hard to remain calm.

He hoped that Lina would be fine.

Chen Qing recalled what Lina had said in the private room, and his gaze became complicated.

He didn't know what he should do for Lina, but he knew very well that Lina had already made her choice.

They had exchanged blows with Wright a few times. Chen Qing pursed his lips tightly, his eyes darkening.

Lina was like a lamb entering a tiger's den.