Chapter 1650  Pain

Just as Lina had told him previously, if she married Wright, it was very likely that she would find evidence of Earl Mark's crimes. When that happened, she could capture Mark and the others in one fell swoop.

But what about Lina at that time?

Chen Qing's heart tightened nervously.

In the ward.

Qiao Nian sat by the bed and looked at Shen Mei, who was silently crying. She took out a tissue and gently wiped her tears.

Shen Mei looked at Qiao Nian's face as if she was looking at Lina. She blinked and saw that it was Qiao Nian sitting in front of her. Her tears fell uncontrollably.

Qiao Nian gently pulled Shen Mei into her arms and comforted her softly. "Madam, don't be sad. This is just a temporary disaster. Everything will get better in the future."

Hearing Qiao Nian's words, Shen Mei closed her eyes in despair.

She didn't blame the president. The president had only done what he should have done. Lina had only thought about this family. The person he hated the most was himself.

If she were a normal person, she could protect her daughter.

But she could only watch helplessly as Lina married someone she didn't like.

Her heart broke.

Lina was her most beloved child. How could she suffer so much?

Shen Mei slowly closed her eyes, her body trembling slightly from crying. After a long time, when she felt better, she gently let go of Qiao Nian and wiped her tears with a tissue.

Qiao Nian looked at Shen Mei and comforted her gently. "Madam, are you feeling better now?"

Shen Mei wiped her tears and looked at Qiao Nian with red-rimmed eyes. After crying, she was completely awake. "Nian Nian, I feel much, much better. Thank you."

Qiao Nian smiled at Shen Mei and said softly, "Madam, you don't have to be so polite. I'll take your pulse."

"Okay," Shen Mei replied, handing her hand to Qiao Nian.

After Shen Mei's pulse was taken, she saw that there were no other abnormalities with Shen Mei's body. She asked seriously, "How do you feel now? If you're not feeling well, tell me directly."

When Shen Mei heard Qiao Nian's words, she shook her head gently. She looked at Qiao Nian gently and said softly, "During this period of time, I've been thinking about that incident twenty-one years ago, but I'm not sure if it's helpful to you."

When Qiao Nian heard Shen Mei's words, her eyes lit up. However, she recalled Shen Mei's current situation and held her hand. She said gently, "Madam, although I really want to know what happened twenty-one years ago, your health is the most important to me now. We'll talk about this later."

Shen Mei knew that Qiao Nian was worried about her health. She smiled and shook her head, saying gently, "Nian Nian, thank you for taking care of me during this period of time. I'm really fine now." Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Shen Mei spoke as slowly as before. Her gaze fell on Qiao Nian's face and she said seriously, "I only remembered a small portion. You… you know that my memory isn't good. I was just thinking about it. If I remember anything, I'll tell you quickly."

Qiao Nian nodded slightly and said gratefully, "Thank you."

Shen Mei smiled, as if telling Qiao Nian not to worry about this. Then, she slowly lowered her gaze, deep in thought.

"I-I was living in a courtyard at that time. Before the president saved me, I had been living there. It seemed to be a large manor. Many people were busy, but those people were unwilling to talk to me. Later on, when I was taking an afternoon nap, I seemed to hear in a daze that the soldiers guarding the door were talking about what Cui Huai was going to do…"

When Qiao Nian heard the words "Cui Huai", her expression faltered slightly.

Could it be that the Cui Huai Shen Mei was talking about was the Cui Huai from MY?

Qiao Nian frowned slightly. Cui Huai and Cui Qi. Could it be that Cui Huai was Cui Qi's brother, who had disappeared for many years?

Qiao Nian's eyes gradually turned serious. She slowly closed her eyes. When she opened them again, her eyes were filled with gentleness. "Madam, are you sure the name you heard was Cui Huai?"

If the name Madam had heard was really Cui Huai, it meant that Cui Huai had participated in the kidnapping of her twenty-one years ago.