Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1653 Cold

She had now choice because she was part of the royal family.

They were biological brothers, but they had reached the point of killing each other.

Of the two princesses, one had done something outrageous and sacrificed her life. The other was going to marry someone she didn't like. To be precise, she was going to marry a man she hated.

Qiao Nian recalled that when she and Gu Zhou came to eat, she hadn't seen Chen Qing. It had to be known that Chen Qing usually stayed by Gu Zhou's side.

"Where's Chen Qing?" Qiao Nian looked curiously at Gu Zhou, who was sitting opposite her.

…

In the back garden of the palace. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The sky had already turned completely dark, shrouding the entire palace in darkness. The surrounding flowers, plants, and trees were all hidden in the darkness. Only various small lanterns were hanging on both sides of the path.

In a pavilion not far away stood a girl in a long white dress. She was staring unblinkingly at the Queen of the Night not far away, completely unaware that someone was walking over.

Chen Qing stood on the path and looked at Lina in the pavilion. His heart gradually sank.

From behind , he could see the way Lina's hair fell at an angle. Under the moonlight, she looked indescribably beautiful.

A gust of wind blew past, blowing up Lina's clothes. Perhaps it was because Lina felt cold, but she hugged her shoulders and rubbed them gently, as if this would warm her up.

At that moment, a warm jacket draped over her shoulders. Lina's heart jumped to her throat. She turned around and saw Chen Qing putting his suit jacket over her shoulders.

"Seventh Princess, it's cold." Chen Qing looked at Lina's teary eyes and pursed his lips.

Lina subconsciously took off the jacket. After some thought, she handed it to Chen Qing and took a step back.

She stood in the wind, looking like she was trembling. Chen Qing frowned slightly, staring unblinkingly at her face. "You'll catch a cold."

Lina stared unblinkingly at Chen Qing. Her voice was as gentle as ever as she said, "Thank you for your concern, Mr. Chen."

When Chen Qing heard this, his heart jumped to his throat. He looked at Lina in disbelief.

Mr. Chen?

She had never called him that before.

"I'm about to get married." Lina's gaze fell on Chen Qing's eyes. A trace of sorrow flashed in her eyes as she said softly, "If my fiancé sees me getting too close to another man, he'll definitely be angry. Let's…"

Lina didn't speak. She glanced at the distance between them.

It was clearly only two steps away, but she couldn't reach him no matter how hard she tried.

The two of them could no longer be together.

When Chen Qing heard Lina's words, he gripped his suit jacket tightly. His expression was still calm as he said softly, "I'm sorry for crossing the line."

Lina slowly lowered her gaze. In a place where the moonlight could not find her, a sad and helpless smile appeared on her lips. However, she quickly composed herself and said in a deliberately relaxed and happy voice, "Thank you for protecting me previously."

Chen Qing naturally understood what Lina meant now. She wanted to draw a line between them. He said softly, "You're welcome. It's my duty to protect the Seventh Princess."

When Lina heard Chen Qing's words, it was as if a huge rock was pressing down on her chest. She could barely breathe. She looked at Chen Qing.

Yes.

Previously, Nian Nian had asked Chen Qing to protect her.

Lina moved her gaze away from Chen Qing's face sadly and looked at the flowers not far away. Her voice trembled slightly. "Yes, the person I should thank, Nian Nian. I-I'll thank Nian Nian and Young Master Gu. I shouldn't…"

Lina looked up hard, not wanting her tears to fall. She pursed her lips and said after a long while, "I shouldn't have misunderstood you. You'll don't have other feelings for me. I'm sorry…"

Towards the end, Lina was filled with grievance and sadness. Tears welled up in her eyes and slowly fell. Her heart felt as if it had been pulled out of her chest by a hand. She was in so much pain that she wanted to die.

"I'm sorry…" Lina's eyes were filled with tears. She slowly closed her eyes, unable to say the rest.