Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1655 Relief

Lina returned to her room and wiped her tears. Seeing that Qiao Nian's shoulder was wet from her tears, she said uncomfortably, "Nian Nian, I'm sorry. Your clothes were all…"

"Lina, there's no need to be so polite between us." Qiao Nian gave a faint smile and helped Lina wipe the tears off her face. "We're good friends. Good friends have to help each other."

When Lina heard Qiao Nian's words, her gaze fell on her face. She asked in a low voice, "Nian Nian, how did you feel when you married Mr. Gu back then?"

When Qiao Nian heard Lina's words, there was a trace of a smile in her eyes. "You might not believe me, but I saw it as performing a job."

Lina's eyes widened as she looked at Qiao Nian in disbelief. Puzzled, she asked, "How can it be work?" Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"That's why everyone is different. Back then, I wanted to get close to him and treat his illness, but Gu Zhou was a very vigilant person. He would never let strangers approach him. Coincidentally, there was such an opportunity, so I naturally married him." Qiao Nian helped Lina comb her hair and said softly, "At that time, I thought that it would be fine if we divorced in the future, and I didn't expect us to be together."

"Lina, just because you're married to Wright doesn't mean anything. You can still be yourself in the future." Qiao Nian smiled at Lina, her eyes sparkling.

When Lina heard Qiao Nian's words, the displeasure in her heart gradually dissipated. Then, she smiled brightly and hurriedly nodded. "Yes, you're right."

Although she couldn't marry Chen Qing in the future, that didn't matter. As long as she didn't have to be with Wright, it was good.

…

The next morning, Lina and Qiao Nian arrived at Shen Mei's ward.

The moment Shen Mei saw Lina again, her tears fell uncontrollably. She held Lina's hand.

"Mom, I'm fine. Don't worry." After Qiao Nian's enlightenment, Lina had already thought things through. Holding a tissue, she wiped Shen Mei's tears and said gently, "Look, aren't I fine now?"

Shen Mei held Lina's other hand tightly. Thinking that Lina was about to marry Wright, her lips trembled slightly. In the end, she said intermittently, "But, but you don't like him."

"Mom, actually, Wright is quite good. He likes me a lot, doesn't he?" In order not to worry Shen Mei, Lina lied on purpose.

Shen Mei shook her head gently and said disapprovingly, "No, it's not like that."

"Mom, don't be agitated. I was the one who took the initiative to marry Wright." Lina smiled at Shen Mei and said gently, "I'm really happy. Don't be sad."

Shen Mei seemed to really listen to Lina. She knew that the president and Mark were not on good terms, but she had also heard that Wright seemed to especially like Lina and had always wanted to marry her.

But Shen Mei was not a fool. Even if Wright liked Lina, how much did he like her? Could he treat Lina exceptionally well?

"Lina." Shen Mei looked at Lina with heartache. "Why don't we not get married?"

When Lina heard Shen Mei's words, her heart warmed. She knew that Shen Mei was concerned about her, but at this point, it was no longer a matter of marriage. If she rejected Wright, Mark would probably attack their family now.

However, Lina didn't want Shen Mei to worry about these things. She smiled and said, "Mom, don't worry. We're just getting engaged first. It'll be a long time before we get married."

Shen Mei nodded slightly.

After Qiao Nian and Lina left Shen Mei's ward, Lina asked carefully, "Nian Nian, is my mother suitable for surgery in her condition?"

"Let's take a look in two days. Her mood has been fluctuating a lot recently. I'm worried that there will be other problems during the surgery," Qiao Nian said very carefully. She really felt that Shen Mei was in a bad mood.

When Lina heard Qiao Nian's words, she seemed to have thought of something. She said in a low voice, "I heard from my father that the engagement is in ten days. I plan to have a good talk with Mom today. I hope that she can undergo surgery tomorrow. That way, my mother will recover when I get engaged."