Chapter 1656 Surgery

Qiao Nian smiled and nodded. She turned back to look at Shen Mei's ward, then followed Lina out.

After the two of them came out of the ward, Lina brought Qiao Nian back to her room. Qiao Nian saw the famous designer, Bonnie.

Bonnie was a designer specially hired by Wright to design a wedding dress for Lina.

Lina's originally calm mood was affected again. She tried hard to take deep breaths to remain calm.

Qiao Nian could tell that Lina was holding back.

Bonnie was a famous wedding dress designer. After taking Lina's measurements, she left.

Lina took a deep breath. She had wanted to choose her own wedding dress, but Wright didn't give her the chance at all.

Lina watched as Bonnie left. She looked at Qiao Nian and said softly, "Wright is the same as Mark. He's especially controlling."

Qiao Nian held Lina's hand tightly. She knew that Lina only wanted to confide in her.

"That's why I hate him," Lina said expressionlessly.

When they left the palace, Qiao Nian couldn't help but sigh.

She wondered when Lina would be able to leave Wright.

The next day.

Qiao Nian arrived at the palace early in the morning. Today was the day to help Madam President remove the Gu worm.

The person guarding the door of the operating theater was Lina because the president was busy today.

Qiao Nian, Dr. Ollie, and a few nurses entered the operating theater. Lina stood quietly outside, looking anxiously at the operating theater door.

Gu Zhou and Chen Qing were also guarding outside. Gu Zhou sat on a lounge chair at the side. He looked down at the documents on the tablet in his hand with a serious expression.

Chen Qing's gaze fell on Lina, who was standing anxiously outside. For some reason, she felt that Lina had lost even more weight.

Chen Qing slowly lowered his gaze.

Before long, the president rushed over. After greeting Gu Zhou, he walked to Lina's side.

"How's it going?" the president asked softly.

Lina pursed her lips and said in a low voice, "She's been in there for half an hour, but she hasn't come out."

The President frowned. Shen Mei needed to be calm during the surgery. Yesterday, he spoke to Shen Mei about Lina's childhood, not wanting Shen Mei to mention Lina's marriage again.

However, he knew in his heart that Lina's marriage had always been on Shen Mei's mind.

Lina's gaze fell on the president's face. She comforted him softly. "Dad, don't worry. Mom will be fine."

The president forced a smile. His gaze fell on Lina's face. When he thought of how Lina had decided to marry Wright, his heart still ached.

Lina seemed to understand what the president was thinking. She smiled and said, "Dad, I believe that when Mom recovers, let's take a good family photo."

"Okay." The president's voice cracked.

About half an hour later, the door of the operating theater finally opened. Dr. Ollie came out.

When Lina saw Dr. Ollie, she hurriedly walked over and asked anxiously, "Doctor Ollie, how's my mother?"

The president stared unblinkingly at Dr. Ollie, not wanting to miss any of his expressions.

Dr. Ollie heaved a sigh of relief and said with a serious expression, "Madam President's surgery was very successful, but…"

Lina had just heaved a sigh of relief, but when she heard the last sentence Dr. Ollie said, she immediately became nervous. Puzzled, she asked, "But what?"

"I've really never seen or heard of Miss Qiao's treatment methods," Dr. Ollie said as if he had an epiphany. He looked into the operating theater with admiration. "Fortunately, Madam President met Miss Qiao. The other doctors probably won't be able to remove the Gu worm in Madam's body."

"Why?" The President frowned slightly, not understanding what Dr. Ollie meant. His eyes were filled with confusion. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Doctor Ollie said with a serious expression, "President, the length of the Gu worm in Madam's body was very long. It almost covered all of Madam's body. If we want to completely remove the Gu worm, we can only induce it to walk out on its own."

The President frowned and looked at Dr. Ollie in confusion. If the Gu worm was willing to leave Madam's body, wouldn't Madam have recovered long ago?