Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1657 Touched

At this moment, Qiao Nian walked out. When she saw the president and Lina, she smiled and said, "President and Lina, Madam is fine now. We just have to send her to the ward to recuperate. She'll be fine in a few days."

"Thank you for your trouble." The president looked at Qiao Nian gratefully. If it weren't for Qiao Nian, his wife might really have to suffer.

"You're welcome. It's my duty." Qiao Nian forced a sweet smile. Her eyes were filled with smiles.

Just as she was about to say something, she staggered and almost fell.

Lina quickly supported Qiao Nian and called out worriedly, "Nian Nian, you…"

Gu Zhou quickly stepped forward and picked Qiao Nian up in his arms. Dr. Ollie hurriedly said to Gu Zhou, "To Ward 1!"

As Dr. Ollie spoke, he followed.

Lina looked up at the president and said in a low voice, "Dad, I'll go see Nian Nian."

The president nodded.

Dr. Ollie hurriedly called for his nurses to help Qiao Nian link up with the nutrient solution. He only heaved a sigh of relief when it was done.

Gu Zhou looked at Dr. Ollie worriedly and asked softly, "Doctor Ollie, what's wrong with my wife?" Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

When Doctor Ollie heard Gu Zhou's question, he said, "Miss Qiao must have lost too much blood. She just… just used her blood to draw the Gu worm out."

Lina's pupils dilated slightly, and she couldn't help but turn red. "What?"

"Gu worms like better blood. Miss Qiao must have been improved her blood using medicinal herbs in the past. Her blood should be a tonic for many Gu worms, so Miss Qiao Nian used her own blood to lure the Gu worm out." This was really the first time Doctor Ollie had seen such a situation. He was also very surprised when he saw it.

What he didn't say was that when Qiao Nian used her blood to attract the attention of the Gu worm, she also used acupuncture to force the worm out of Madam's body. It was precisely because of this that he felt that if Miss Qiao hadn't helped out, the Gu worm in Madam's body probably wouldn't have been able to be taken out.

Gu Zhou sat by Qiao Nian's bed. He stared unblinkingly at her, guarding her.

The president, who was passing by Qiao Nian's ward, seemed to be nailed to the ground. He looked at Qiao Nian's ward in disbelief.

So this was how Gu worms were lured out.

The way the president looked at Qiao Nian became more and more complicated, and there was still a lot of guilt in his eyes.

When Lina came out of the ward, she saw the president standing there. She called out softly, "Dad, how's Mom?"

"She's fine. I've already sent her to the ward." With that, the president wanted to go in and see Qiao Nian, but he remembered that Gu Zhou probably just wanted to stay by Qiao Nian's side, so he stopped in his tracks.

In Shen Mei's ward.

The president looked at Dr. Ollie and asked softly, "How is Miss Qiao's health now? Will her health be affected?"

"I don't think so. Miss Qiao should be very weak during this period of time. It won't be a problem for her to recuperate well." At this point, Doctor Ollie sighed heavily. "Miss Qiao has many precious herbs in her body. This is the key to drawing out the Gu worm. Without Miss Qiao, I'm afraid no one can help Madam."

The President's eyes darkened. He nodded and said, "Alright, I understand. Go ahead. Remember to take good care of Miss Qiao."

"Yes!" Dr. Ollie agreed.

After Dr. Ollie left, the president sat there tiredly.

Lina naturally knew what the president was thinking. She walked to his side and said softly, "Dad, don't worry. Nian Nian will be fine."

"I know," the president said softly, as if he had thought of something. "We owe her too much."

Although Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian had ulterior motives for coming to their side, everything Qiao Nian did was to help them. They couldn't help them at all. He just felt guilty towards Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian.

"Nian Nian is my best friend." Lina wanted to say that she would spend the rest of her life treating Qiao Nian well, but she was afraid that she wouldn't live long. After some hesitation, she didn't say anything else.

The ward fell silent. All that could be heard was the sound of the machine operating beside the bed.