Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1658 You Have Really Grown Up

At night, Shen Mei, who had been unconscious, finally woke up.

"Mei Mei."

"Mom."

The president and Lina spoke at the same time. Both of their gazes fell on Shen Mei, who was lying on the hospital bed.

When Shen Mei looked at the two of them, her eyes were filled with warmth. An image flashed across her mind, and she hurriedly asked anxiously, "How's Nian Nian? She…"

The president hurriedly helped Shen Mei up from the IV drip. He smiled and said, "Don't worry, Miss Qiao woke up in the afternoon. She's fine now."

When Shen Mei heard the President's words, she heaved a sigh of relief and said gently, "That's great. Nian Nian is really too good to us. If it weren't for her, I'm afraid I…"

The president lowered his head and kissed Shen Mei's forehead. He said gently, "Yes, we all know."

Only then did Shen Mei heave a sigh of relief and nod.

The president coaxed Shen Mei to sleep again. Then, he gave Lina a look and the two of them walked out.

The president's gaze fell on Lina's face. He lowered his voice and said, "Miss Qiao and the others have already returned?"

Lina nodded and said softly, "It's too late tonight. I'll visit Nian Nian tomorrow morning."

"Yes." The president nodded and stroked Lina's hair. "You've really grown up," he said in a low voice.

Lina forced a smile. If possible, she really hoped that she could be a child for the rest of her life.

The next morning.

When Qiao Nian woke up in a daze, she felt movement on the bed beside her.

She had just opened her eyes and before she could react, she heard Gu Zhou ask uneasily, "Nian'er, did I disturb you?"

Qiao Nian smiled at Gu Zhou and shook her head. "No, I just woke up."

"Why didn't you sleep more?" Gu Zhou looked at Qiao Nian's pale face, his heart filled with guilt and unease.

Qiao Nian sat up and smiled. "Actually, I've already recovered. I'm fine. In the medical field, donating blood occasionally is good for my health. I'm in good health now."

Gu Zhou smiled at Qiao Nian. He couldn't out-talk Qiao Nian, but seeing that she was really fine, he heaved a sigh of relief.

After washing up, the two of them went downstairs. A servant walked in and said, "Second Young Master and Second Young Madam, the Seventh Princess is here. She's waiting in the garden."

Qiao Nian glanced at Gu Zhou and smiled. "I'll go take a look."

"Yes." Gu Zhou nodded.

Qiao Nian walked towards the garden outside and saw Lina sitting on a stool in a daze.

"Lina." Qiao Nian smiled at Lina, her voice gentle.

Lina came back to her senses and pulled Qiao Nian to sit down with her. She looked at Qiao Nian's face seriously and said with a smile, "I got someone to prepare blood nourishing soup today. Try it."

Qiao Nian looked at Lina beside her and grabbed her hand. She said seriously, "Lina, actually, donating blood occasionally is good for health. You've been busy with many things recently. There's no need to run around for me every day. I'm really fine."

"Nian Nian." Lina looked at Qiao Nian guiltily. Nian Nian had done so much for their family, but she didn't know how to make it up to her. "But I…"

"Lina, I know you've been sad recently," Qiao Nian said sincerely. She held Lina's hand tightly and there was a trace of sadness in her eyes. "I did something that was a piece of cake to me. I've been in Europe for so long, but I haven't gone out to have fun much. Why don't we go shopping now?"

Lina smiled and nodded. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

…

Although the president had placed Mark under house arrest, Mark didn't seem to take this matter seriously at all. He directly took charge of Wright and Lina's engagement at home.

Mark had lost face in court. Of course, he had to regain his dignity during the engagement. Hence, the guest list for the engagement invitation was the most important thing to him.

He had invited all the factions over. In order to show his status, he had even chosen the address of the engagement to be at his manor.

He even specially sent an invitation to the president.