Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1659 Too Beautiful

When the president received the invitation, his expression darkened slightly. He hadn't expected Mark to hold the engagement ceremony on his estate.

The president recalled Mark proposing marriage to Lina on Wright's behalf outside the court. It was as if this had happened a long time ago.

Although it would be Lina and Wright's engagement ceremony soon, there was no trace of a smile on the President's face. It was if the engagement had nothing to do with him. He focused on preparing for what would happen next.

This was a favorable condition Lina had provided for him. He had to seize this opportunity.

In the blink of an eye, it was time for the engagement.

In the dressing room.

The entire dressing room was beautifully decorated. There was a wall full of mirrors. Sitting in the middle was a young girl wearing a white strapless wedding gown inlaid with countless jewels and diamonds. Under the light, her skin was fair, and her entire body seemed to emit light, making her look illusory.

The girl sat there impassively, her thoughts already drifting away.

At this moment, the door of the dressing room was slowly pushed open.

Footsteps came from the door, followed by a gasp.

"You're really too beautiful!"

The young girl sitting in the middle of the dressing room slowly looked up and her gaze fell on the man who had walked in.

Lina watched as Wright, who was wearing a suit and leather shoes, walked in. Her eyes were filled with disdain. She looked away and felt that if she took another look at Wright, her eyes would be pierced by needles.

Wright naturally noticed Lina's gaze, but that didn't matter. His gaze was fixed on Lina's face, and his lips curved up slightly.

No matter how unhappy Lina was, so what? She was still going to marry him, and he was the male star today.

His hair was combed and shiny. In a black suit, he walked elegantly to Lina's side and handed her some flowers.

"Darling, I passed by a flower shop today and accidentally saw this beautiful bouquet of flowers. Flowers are perfect for beauties." Wright's eyes were filled with laughter. He looked at Lina's face with a burning gaze. "But now I realize how wrong I was. Such beautiful flowers pale in comparison to you. Your beauty can compete with the sun and moon."

Lina had already packed up. She took the flowers from Wright, who paused for a moment. He didn't expect Lina to take the flowers.

Could it be that he still had a place in Lina's heart?

That made sense. Now that Lina was about to marry him, he would definitely have to please her. After all, she would be his in the future. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

At the thought of this, Wright smiled happily.

Lina's fingers gently poked at the center of the bouquet, and her lips curved up coldly. She looked up at Wright and asked seriously, "Do you really think this bouquet of flowers is the best-looking?"

Wright nodded slightly. When he passed by the flower shop, he saw this beautiful bouquet.

The purple roses looked very beautiful. They were beautiful and mysterious, making one involuntarily want to approach them.

Lina's expression instantly darkened. She threw the flowers into the trash can at the side.

The flowers were delicate and fresh. When they were thrown into the trash can, water droplets from the flowers inadvertently fell on Wright.

The smile on Wright's face instantly froze. He looked at Lina coldly, his lips pursed tightly.

Lina smiled coldly and took out a tissue to wipe her hands. She continued, "This color looks like a demonic claw reaching out from the darkness, or your rotten and tattered heart. It does suit you, but not me."

Out of the corner of his eye, Wright glanced at the flowers in the trash can. He smiled coldly and grabbed Lina's chin.

Instinctively, Lina tried to break free, but Wright's grip was strong. She was forced to look at Wright's disgusting face.

Wright said happily, "Is that so? Even if I'm the filthiest thing, what are you? After you marry me, you'll be with me for the rest of your life. You won't be able to shake me off!"

Previously, in order to marry Lina, he had to pretend to like her a lot.