Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1660 Ring

To be honest, Lina's face was very attractive. If he married Lina, he would be the one receiving benefits. He did not object to marrying Lina at all.

However, Lina's personality really needed to be changed. If she was still so unreasonable, then don't blame him for being impolite.

Lina pursed her lips and looked at Wright coldly, as if waiting for him to let go.

Wright just looked at Lina quietly and said with a smile, "Lina, I advise you to admit reality as soon as possible. You're mine now. You can't run away. Don't think about unrealistic things."

With that, Wright gently stroked Lina's chin. Seeing that her chin was red from his pinch, he pretended to be shocked and said, "Oh, why is it red? Your skin is a little too delicate. If I hit you a little harder, won't you be injured every day?"

Wright let go of Lina's chin. He enjoyed looking at Lina's exasperated expression.

Lina stood there expressionlessly and looked away. "You should go out," she said angrily.

"Go out? Lina, I'm not done." Wright took out a ring box from his pocket and walked up to Lina casually. His gaze fell on Lina's face and he said softly, "In the future, you have no right to speak. Also, don't challenge my limits!"

Lina ignored Wright and looked elsewhere.

Wright opened the ring box and took out a ring. His gaze fell on the diamond on the ring. "It's said that true love lasts forever. Diamonds represent eternal love. Take a look. Do you like it?"

Lina said nothing, as if she didn't want to speak to Wright at all.

Wright wasn't angry. He pulled Lina's hand over. Seeing that Lina was about to retract her hand, he said coldly, "Even if you don't like it, you have to wear this ring. This is an engagement ring. You have to let everyone know that we're engaged. I don't want others to think that I'm out of your league, let alone…"

Wright noticed that Lina did not retract her hand. He put the diamond ring on Lina's hand and said in satisfaction, "That's more like it. I advise you to behave yourself and not ask for trouble!"

Lina looked down at her hand, which was now wearing a diamond ring. Then, she looked up at Wright coldly and said in a low voice, " Wright, I think you might have misunderstood something."

Wright's expression faltered slightly.

"You want to marry me because you are out of my league. I'm a royal princess." Lina turned to Wright and smiled coldly, like a high and mighty god looking at an ant on the ground. "You're an orphan, an adopted child brought back by Mark. You're also the most obedient dog by Mark's side. If Mark tells you to go east, you'll never dare to go west. How can such an obedient dog be compared to someone like me?"

There was a hint of a smile in Lina's eyes as she said lightly, "Anyone who knows something will know that you're trying to climb up the social ladder. Why? Do you think I'm trying to climb up the social ladder? When does a person need to climb up the social ladder of a dog?"

The smile in Wright's eyes gradually disappeared. His thin lips pursed, and his expression grew more and more serious.

He looked at Lina beside him and grabbed her hand, wishing he could break it. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Lina looked at Wright, whose eyes were filled with anger, and said lightly, "Are you trying to tell everyone that you're abusing me? When that happens, the royal family will definitely not allow me to marry someone like you."

Seeing that Wright had let go, Lina slowly retracted her hand and said calmly, "Wright, I advise you not to cause trouble. Otherwise, I wonder what the people of Europe will think of you, a social climber who is using a princess to get ahead and wants to abuse her."

"You…" Wright looked at Lina angrily. He tried hard to control his temper and finally said, "You'd better shut up obediently. Otherwise, I'll kiss you at the engagement ceremony. I think you'll like this very much."

"Is that so?" Lina tucked her hair behind her ear and said lightly, "I heard that some crazy murderers will smear poison on their lips. They will use kissing to poison the woman. Wright, are you really going to poison me in front of everyone?"