Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1664 A toast

Wright paused. He looked at Lina in surprise, his pupils dilated uncontrollably.

Beautiful, she was really too beautiful! Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

To be honest, he had always thought that Lina was not bad-looking, but now, Lina no longer looked like a human. Instead, she looked like an angel who had descended from the sky.

Although his marriage with Lina was just a matter of political interests, he was still quite happy. After all, no one didn't like beauties.

Instinctively, Wright took Lina's hand. His gaze fell on the ring on Lina's hand. The round diamond sparkled under the light.

Indeed, only such an expensive diamond was worthy of Lina.

While holding Lina's hand, Wright walked towards the master seat. Wright walked very quickly, and Lina accidentally stepped on her skirt. Qiao Nian frowned slightly and walked up to Wright, her gaze landing on his face.

When Wright saw Qiao Nian, her eyes were cold. In a voice that only the two of them could hear, she said, "I advise you not to cause trouble."

Qiao Nian tidied Lina's skirt before warning her in a low voice, "You'd better be careful."

Wright didn't even look at Qiao Nian. He looked at Lina gently and said with a smile, "Fiancée, let's go together!"

Lina smiled coldly and didn't speak. She followed Wright to the master seat.

They turned to look at the people below. Today was their engagement ceremony. There were many people attending this banquet. From their different outfits, it was obvious that they were all from different countries. All of them had bright smiles on their faces, as if they were sincerely congratulating them.

Lina's gaze fell on the President, Gu Zhou, and Qiao Nian. There was only worry in their eyes.

Lina opened her mouth slightly. Just as she wanted to comfort them, she recalled her goal today and tried hard to suppress the dissatisfaction in her heart.

She was the princess of Europe. Even if today was not the engagement banquet she really wanted, she could not embarrass herself in front of so many people, nor could she embarrass her father.

Mark was wearing a white suit and had a bright smile on his face. He picked up his wine glass and said boldly, "Today is my son and Lina's engagement banquet. Thank you for coming here. Thank you for your blessings. On behalf of the newly engaged couple, I'll give a toast to everyone first."

Although Mark said that he was representing the two newly weds, everyone present could already tell that he was representing the entire Europe.

Even if the person getting married today was the Seventh Princess of Europe, as the representative, the president should step forward to represent the country and pay respects to everyone. Then it would be Mark's term to pay his respects on behalf of the newly engaged couple. That was the normal order.

The people present were not ordinary people, so they naturally understood the key differences. One by one, they held their wine glasses and did not speak. All of them looked at the president.

Mark stood on stage, his expression instantly darkening.

President, President!

If he were the president, everyone would definitely drink that glass of wine happily. Just because he wasn't the president, his words just now were ignored by everyone else.

Mark gripped the wine glass in his hand tightly. His gaze fell on the president's face not far away. The president sat there indifferently, as if everything had nothing to do with him.

The president looked up at Mark, who was not far away, his eyes cold. Then, he stood up and walked to Lina's side with a wine glass. Just as he was about to speak, Mark turned to look at Wright and said resentfully, "Are you overjoyed? Why aren't you toasting?"

Wright took a step forward and was about to speak when the president spoke.

"Everyone, thank you sincerely for attending my daughter's engagement banquet." The president raised his glass and naturally walked to the middle of the newly engaged couple. He continued, "I only have one daughter. I just hope that my daughter can be happy. Today, everyone is willing to take the time to congratulate my daughter. Thank you, everyone. Let me give a toast to everyone."

The people who came to the wedding banquet were all smart people. When they heard the President's words, they immediately raised their glasses and drank everything in one gulp.