Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1665 Fighting Openly and Covertly

Mark's face darkened. He thought that those people would take the initiative to drink his toast, but he had never expected them to drink the president's toast first.

Mark tried hard to suppress the anger in his heart. Just because he was not the president, he was at the mercy of others in every way. Even if everyone knew that he was the one in charge in Europe, those people would not drink his toast first without the president speaking.

Actually, this was the custom.

Even if these people had a good relationship with Mark in private, they represented the dignity of their countries. Even if they wanted to join forces with Mark, they had to do it in secrecy. They would never show it on the surface.

When Qiao Nian saw this, she turned to Gu Zhou and said, "Mark's thoughts are too obvious. I saw it just now. When Mark gave the toast, many people were already preparing to drink, but they didn't dare to respond casually because of the live broadcast."

Gu Zhou leaned back in his chair, a trace of coldness flashing in his eyes. His fingers gently touched the cup as he said calmly, "Mark deliberately invited so many people this time. Firstly, he wanted to show off his status to the president, and secondly, he wanted to establish his influence in the world. However, Mark has forgotten something."

He paused for a moment and continued, "He dares to not give the president face in front of so many people, but those people don't dare to follow him because they represent their countries. If they dare to work with Mark easily, I'm afraid the people of Europe won't let them off."

Qiao Nian pursed her lips tightly. If it weren't for the fact that everyone present still had some dignity, the president might have been humiliated today.

Gu Zhou picked up a piece of meat for Qiao Nian and placed it in her small bowl. He said gently, "This is freshly cooked beef. Try it and see how it tastes."

When Qiao Nian heard Gu Zhou's words, she asked in surprise, "Why aren't you worried at all? Why are you still thinking about eating?"

"We have important things to do later. Of course, we'll only have strength after eating," Gu Zhou said seriously.

Qiao Nian nodded in confusion and looked at Gu Zhou.

She picked up her knife and fork and took a bite. Her eyes were filled with laughter as she said softly, "This beef does taste good, but…"

Towards the end, the smile on Qiao Nian's face gradually disappeared. Her gaze fell on the stage and on Lina, who was wearing a smiling mask.

If only Lina was marrying the person she liked today. The taste of this beef would probably be better.

After the president finished the toast, Mark made a toast. This time, everyone gave Mark face.

Mark glanced at Wright beside him, signaling for him to make a toast.

Holding Lina's hand, which was wearing a diamond ring, Wright glanced at Lina beside him, his eyes filled with laughter.

So what if Lina was the Seventh Princess? She was still marrying him obediently.

At this moment, Wright felt that he was about to reach the peak of his life.

"Hello, everyone. I'm Wright, the adopted son of Earl Mark. I admire my father very much. Being like my father has always been my life goal. I've never thought that I would be lucky enough to marry Princess Lina today. Now, I feel that I'm even closer to my father, Earl Mark. Thank you for being willing to come here to give us your blessings. Thank you!"

Originally, this was Wright's engagement speech, but most of Wright's words were praise for Earl Mark, as if he had married Lina to get close to his adoptive father.

When the people below the stage heard Wright's words, they all looked surprised, but they still drank politely.

At this moment, Lina stepped forward with the microphone.

She stood on the stage with a crown on her head, vividly displaying the bearing of a princess of Europe. She spoke elegantly and calmly.

"Thank you everyone for attending my engagement banquet. Today…"

Before Lina could finish speaking, Wright subconsciously tugged at her hand, signaling for her to stop talking.

Lina frowned slightly and turned to look at Wright in disbelief.

"Lina, I've already spoken on our behalf," Wright said with a fake smile. In other words, he hoped that Lina wouldn't do anything unnecessary.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com