Chapter 1666 I Am The Main Character

Lina could naturally tell what Wright meant. She gripped the microphone in her hand tightly and said with a smile, "Wright, I think you've forgotten something. I'm the main character today!"

When Qiao Nian heard Lina's words, a trace of surprise flashed in her eyes. She didn't expect Lina to dare to say such a thing at the engagement banquet.

Wright's expression instantly darkened. He had never expected a little white rabbit like Lina to become like this. He tried hard to remain calm and said again, "Actually, you don't have to…"

Before Wright could finish speaking, Lina smiled at the audience with the microphone. She said with a smile, "Everyone, I'm really sorry. My husband doesn't know royal etiquette yet. I'll definitely teach him well. Please forgive his ignorance."

With a casual sentence, Lina described her marriage to Wright as Wright becoming a live-in son-in-law.

"I hope everyone can eat, drink, and be happy." Actually, Lina had nothing to say. She didn't love Wright, so she naturally wouldn't go against her conscience and say how much she loved him. With that, she picked up her wine glass and said to everyone, "Please."

When the people below the stage heard Lina's words, their eyes lit up.

They had initially thought that the princess of the European country was just a vase, but now it seemed that the princess of the European country was an interesting person.

At this moment, a young and beautiful female companion below the stage suddenly laughed. She seemed to have said something to her husband, who suddenly laughed out loud.

Their laughter was so abrupt that everyone turned to look at them.

The male representative seemed to have noticed that everyone was looking at him. He hurriedly smiled and said, "I'm sorry, I really didn't do it on purpose. It's like this. My wife has always yearned to experience the culture of Country Z. I heard that the mother of the Seventh Princess is also from Country Z. She recalled that when Country Z people get married, they drink in other ways."

The female companion beside her smiled and said, "Actually, I don't remember what that is. It's just something about a man feeding a woman wine, and a woman feeding a man wine. I can't remember the exact movements, but the newlyweds in Country Z drink like this, giving off a especially loving feeling."

When Qiao Nian heard their words, her eyes narrowed slightly. Someone like Wright wasn't worthy of crossing glasses with Lina at all. Moreover, they didn't know anything, yet they were spouting nonsense here. They were simply a joke.

Qiao Nian noticed the way the male representative was looking at Mark. They seemed to have discussed this beforehand.

She moved slightly closer to Gu Zhou and complained softly, "They're bullying Lina on purpose." Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The others below looked at Wright and Lina on the stage curiously. They wanted to watch the commotion. After all, the commotion just now was very exciting.

Wright had also seen videos of cross-cupped wine, but it was heart-wrenching. He glanced at Lina beside him, then at Gu Zhou, who was sitting below the stage. Smiling, he asked, "Mr. Gu, you're from Country Z. Do you have any customs for newcomers?"

Initially, Wright had thought that Lina hated doing intimate things with him the most. If Gu Zhou told him how to drink cross-cupped wine, Lina would probably be furious.

Wright's lips curved up slightly, and his eyes were filled with laughter.

When Gu Zhou heard Wright's voice, he looked up slightly and said lightly, "I don't know."

The smile on Wright's face froze. He did not expect Gu Zhou to say this in front of everyone. He tried hard to suppress his temper and his expression turned cold.

At this moment, Wright couldn't say that he knew how to drink cross-cupped wine. From the corner of his eye, he glanced at his subordinate not far away, but he quickly regained his composure.

The subordinate naturally walked over to Wright and explained in a low voice. Wright smiled slightly. He looked at Lina beside him, his eyes filled with smugness.

Even if your friend is on your side and isn't willing to tell me how to drink cross-cupped wine, I still found out. Be good and resign to your fate!

No matter how much you hate me, on such an occasion, you can only agree to this. Otherwise, you will embarrass the entire Europe.

Wright smiled at Lina. "Lina, I know how to drink cross-cupped wine. I'll teach you."