Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1667 Cross-cupped Wine

Qiao Nian's gaze fell on the faces of the servants not far away. Indeed, none of Wright's subordinates were easy to deal with. They had found out so quickly.

Hearing Wright's words, the representative who had originally suggested it grew excited. He hurriedly nodded and said, "That's right, that's right. It's called cross-cupped wine. Oh my, I'm indeed getting on in years. I always don't remember these things."

When the others heard the words "cross-cupped wine", their eyes were filled with curiosity. Some of them wanted to watch the show.

"Don't be shy, newbie. You should try the cross-cupped wine!"

"I heard that drinking cross-cupped wine will improve one's relationship!"

"We don't know what cross-cupped wine is yet. I want to learn!"

"Yes, yes, yes. We want to learn too."

…

Those people were instantly excited. This was the first time they had heard such an interesting word with a hint of ambiguity.

Lina still didn't know what cross-cupped wine was. She looked at Qiao Nian for help, as if she wanted to hear what Qiao Nian had to say.

Wright walked up to Lina and blocked her view of Qiao Nian. In a voice that only the two of them could hear, he said, "Lina, there are some things that the two of us need to learn together. Actually, it's very simple to drink cross cupped wine. We'll just hold each other's arms, interlock our arms, and drink."

When Lina thought of what Wright had said, her expression instantly darkened. He might as well kill her if he wanted her to make such an ambiguous move with him in front of everyone. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

However, at this moment, she couldn't flare up. She could only smile politely and say, "I'm a princess of Europe. Naturally, I won't drink like the couples in Country Z. Wright, the wedding dress I'm wearing doesn't allow me to drink like this either."

Lina just couldn't get used to seeing Wright like this. He was like a dog, making her feel so disgusted that she wanted to throw up.

Qiao Nian sat down and said with a smile, "The princess is right. Today's engagement banquet should be held according to European tradition."

When Wright heard Qiao Nian's voice, his expression darkened. He stood back in his seat and his gaze fell on Qiao Nian's face not far away, his eyes filled with killing intent.

Smiling, Lina took a step forward, already overshadowing Wright. She said softly, "Next, I'll give everyone a toast with my fiancé."

Lina reached out and took Wright's arm.

Wright's lips curved up slightly. No matter how unwilling Lina was, she still had to hold his arm and talk to those people.

Actually, Lina hated drinking the most. After giving everyone a toast, her face was already red. Her entire body was supple and lustrous, and she was getting redder and redder.

She sat down next to the president. He glanced at Lina and asked in a low voice, "How are you?"

Lina forced a smile. "I'm fine."

She couldn't let her father worry.

The president looked at the smile on Lina's face. His heart was bleeding.

Lina was his precious daughter, but now he had no choice but to let Lina…

The president's expression turned colder and colder. He looked at the cold Wright.

He knew that Wright had married his daughter for benefits. Now that they were just engaged, Wright had already shown his claws.

Wright met the president's dark gaze, his eyes filled with smugness. His gaze fell on Lina's face again and he said gently, "Lina, since we're getting engaged in the manner of Europeans, shouldn't we kiss now?"

The President clenched his fists tightly on his knees and looked at Wright coldly.

When the others heard Wright's voice, they became excited.

They loved to watch the show.

"Wow, this can be considered a sweet kiss between a princess and a prince consort."

"What sweet kiss? It's clearly a kiss of true love. If you don't know how to describe it, don't speak."

"Yes, kiss!"

"Kiss!"

"Kiss!"

Lina had just drunk a lot of wine and now had a headache. When she heard Wright's words, her mind was in a mess. She couldn't think of a way to deal with this matter at all.

Qiao Nian sat not far from Lina. She had seen Europeans kiss in the past. They seemed to prefer hot kisses.

Lina didn't like Wright to begin with. To be precise, she hated him very much. How could she kiss him…