Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1668 Her Highness, the Princess

However, everyone's voices were very loud. It was obvious that Lina was in a daze and didn't know what to do.

She was about to get up when Gu Zhou pressed her down.

Qiao Nian looked at Gu Zhou in confusion. "Why?"

Seeing that the president was about to stand up and help her out, Gu Zhou reached out and grabbed the president's arm, shaking his head gently.

The President didn't understand what Gu Zhou meant, but he knew in his heart that he had to protect Lina well at this moment. This was the only thing he could do as her father.

Gu Zhou lowered his voice and said, "Don't be anxious. Look, someone is already anxious."

The President followed Gu Zhou's gaze and saw a young man walking towards them quickly. His footsteps were steady and strong, and exceptionally clear.

Wright looked at the drunk Lina smugly. Just as he was about to kiss her, a hand suddenly appeared and straightened Wright's head bit by bit.

Wright's face turned red from the grip. His expression faltered. He wanted to shake off the hand, but it was too strong. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

When he sat up straight, the hand moved away from his face.

Who was the blind person who had ruined his plans!

Wright's expression darkened. He looked up and saw a man with well-defined facial features and a cold expression standing at the side.

The man's dark eyes seemed to be burning with fire, as if he was extremely dissatisfied with him.

Wright was slightly stunned. He knew this man. Previously, he had specially investigated that this man worked for Gu Zhou. His name was Chen Qing.

How dare such a Tom, Dick, or Harry attack him?

Stunned, Lina turned around and saw Chen Qing standing at the side. It turned out that Chen Qing had stopped Wright from kissing her.

When she realized this, Lina's lips curved up involuntarily. There was a smile in her eyes, as if her entire world had been illuminated.

"Get lost!" Wright looked at Chen Qing angrily. If it weren't for the fact that the timing wasn't right today, he would have shot Chen Qing dead long ago.

Lina instantly came back to her senses. When she realized that today was her engagement banquet with Wright, she was extremely sad. For Chen Qing's safety, she still put on an act to comfort Wright. "Wright, how are you? Are you blushing?"

Just as Wright was about to speak, Chen Qing said coldly, "General Wright, were you injured because of my actions just now? I'm really sorry. I didn't expect you to be so…"

Even before Chen Qing finished speaking, the people around him realized what he meant.

When the people attending the engagement ceremony heard Chen Qing's words, they couldn't help but laugh.

"I really didn't expect Wright to be so incompetent."

"I guess he only trained his muscles in the gym."

"This kind of man looks very weak."

…

Wright's eyes were already red with anger. He stood up and looked at Chen Qing coldly.

"Wright." Worried that Wright would attack Chen Qing, Lina tugged at Wright's sleeve.

Wright sensed Lina's cheap shot. Thinking of how Lina had looked when she first saw Chen Qing, his expression darkened.

Lina was his mission and the person he liked. He liked her like how he liked a kitten or a puppy.

However, Wright was a selfish person. He didn't want anyone else to get their hands on his things.

Chen Qing was the man who wanted to punch above his weight. With Chen Qing's lowly status, he still wanted to be with Lina. He was really brave.

Wright thought that no matter how much Chen Qing liked Lina, Lina had already married him. Chen Qing could only give up.

Wright walked up to Chen Qing and lowered his voice. In a voice that only the two of them could hear, he said, "I advise you not to embarrass yourself. What's the use of doing this in front of me? To tell you the truth, even if I don't kiss her now, I'll still sleep with her tonight."

Wright noticed that Chen Qing's expression had changed. He continued, "Lina is really too tempting today, especially that slender swan neck. I want to kiss her hard and leave my mark on it. I still want…"