Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1669 Hit Me?

Chen Qing's dark eyes were filled with coldness. He pursed his lips tightly, his eyes not filled with anger.

He glanced at Lina, who was sitting at the side. She was wearing a pure white wedding dress. She looked pure and flawless, like a piece of beautiful jade that could not be tainted. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Lina looked at Wright in confusion. She didn't know what Wright had said to Chen Qing, but looking at Chen Qing's expression, she had a bad feeling. Just as she was about to stand up and speak, she saw Chen Qing punch Wright in the face.

Lina covered her mouth in shock and looked at Chen Qing in disbelief.

Hadn't she already made things clear to Chen Qing?

Chen Qing was no longer her bodyguard. He no longer had to protect her and keep her safe.

Why had Chen Qing hit Wright now?

This was her engagement banquet with Wright.

Wright raised his hand to wipe the blood from the corner of his mouth. He felt that his nose was extremely uncomfortable, as if it was about to break. He looked at Chen Qing in disbelief and questioned coldly, "How dare you hit me?"

Chen Qing grabbed Wright's tie and lifted him up.

Wright's initial coldness turned to surprise, and his neck was strangled until he couldn't breathe. He had never expected a man from Country Z, who he had always thought was weak, to be so strong.

Chen Qing narrowed his eyes, which were filled with anger. He warned word by word, "General Wright, how can you force a kiss in public without Her Highness's permission? Her Highness is the symbol of Europe. If you continue to disrespect Her Highness, don't blame me for being impolite."

Lina was already so shocked that she couldn't speak. At this moment, Chen Qing's expression was cold, but his tone was calm. Every word he said made her feel safe.

Chen Qing was here to protect her.

Her Royal Highness.

In the past, he had only called her "Seventh Princess". Now, he called her "Her Highness."

It was as if he was her exclusive knight.

When did Chen Qing appear?

Could it be that Chen Qing was here to protect her again?

Or did he have feelings for her?

Wright felt his nose heat up. He raised his hand to touch it and saw blood flowing down.

He frowned. His nose seemed to have really been broken by Chen Qing.

When Wright realized this, his expression darkened.

If Chen Qing hadn't let go of him, he might have been strangled to death just now.

Wright took a deep breath. Today was his engagement banquet, and he was the main character. He couldn't make a fool of himself because of a despicable person like Chen Qing.

He couldn't beat Chen Qing, but the guards around him could control him.

At the thought of this, Wright immediately said, "Someone, drag this person out and shoot him to death for disturbing the order of the engagement banquet!"

Wright's eyes were filled with a smug smile. Even if Chen Qing was strong, so what? Was he invulnerable?

As soon as Wright finished speaking, the guards who had been standing around rushed over, aiming their guns at Chen Qing.

With a gesture from Wright, Chen Qing would be riddled with holes in the next moment.

"Stop!" The President's expression darkened. He slowly stood up and his gaze fell on the guards not far away.

There were many people attending the engagement banquet this time. They knew that the president of Europe was just a puppet with no power, and the real ruler of Europe was Mark.

Otherwise, this engagement banquet would definitely be held in the palace and not in Mark's Earl's residence.

Even though they knew this, looking at the president's calm and confident aura, they couldn't help but wonder if their information was wrong.

The European president did not look like a puppet. He looked very much like the real person in charge.

"Put down your guns!" The president glanced at the guards. Those three casual words frightened them so much that they put down the guns in their hands.

The president's domineering aura was revealed, and his eyes darkened. "You're simply fooling around without regard for the occasion. Today is my daughter's engagement banquet. Are you trying to rebel by holding a gun?"

The president's words made the guards hurriedly retreat. One by one, they lowered their heads, not daring to speak.

Wright looked at the president in confusion, his eyes filled with surprise.

The president had always been a pushover. Why had he suddenly become so unyielding?

Logically speaking, Lina was the president's last card. The president had already lost completely.