Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1670 Threat

Wright's mind raced. Could it be that he had gone too far just now and the president couldn't take it anymore?

That made sense. Lina was the person the president cared about the most. Would the president only step forward when he treated Lina frivolously?

Wright's heart was in a mess. For a moment, he didn't know what to do. He subconsciously looked at Mark not far away, wanting to hear his opinion.

However, at this moment, Mark was drinking slowly, as if he did not notice the situation here at all.

The president's gaze fell on Wright's face. He walked up to him with a strong sense of oppression.

Wright gasped. He had a bad feeling that the president was going to punch him again. If the president attacked again, his nose might…

The president walked up to Wright with a gentle smile on his face. "Wright, today is a good day for you. You want to use guns the moment you open your mouth. It's really unbecoming of the royal family."

Wright's expression froze.

What royalty!

He hated it when the president and Lina mentioned the royal family at the drop of a hat.

Yes, although he was not a member of the royal family, he had already married the most precious princess of the royal family. This showed his ability.

Wright took a deep breath and tried hard to suppress his displeasure. He pointed at his nose. "I didn't expect him to attack my nose directly. Look…"

The President looked at Wright's crooked nose and pointed at Chen Qing not far away. "By the way, Wright, I forgot to introduce him to you previously. He's Lina's personal bodyguard."

"As you know, I only have one daughter, so I only gave him one order. No matter what, he has to prioritize the princess's wishes. Perhaps he saw that Lina was so happy about the engagement that she drank a little too much and thought that you were going to bully her just now. Look, with such a responsible bodyguard, you should be at ease with Lina's safety!"

In a few words, the president spoke about Wright's attempt to bully Lina.

Chen Qing stood at the side. A trace of surprise flashed in his eyes, but he quickly regained his composure.

The president said that to protect him. Someone of his status was not worthy of entering this engagement banquet to begin with.

Wright's gaze fell on the president's face. Just as he was about to say something, he heard the president say in a low voice, "If this continues, you'll lose all your face."

Wright was about to swallow his anger, because the most important thing now was to let this engagement banquet go smoothly.

At this moment, a calm and powerful voice came from behind him.

"Brother, the main character today is Wright. As elders, we shouldn't intefere." As Mark spoke, he slowly stood up and walked towards the president. "But since you've already interfered, I have to say a few words."

When Wright heard Mark's voice, he couldn't help but smile. Since his father made a move, he didn't have to worry.

Mark walked up to the president, his gaze sharp and his voice cold. "Wright didn't do anything just now."

When the president heard Mark's unreasonable words, he snorted and asked disdainfully, "Are you trying to say that Wright didn't disrespect Lina just now?"

Previously, when Wright was giving a toast, he deliberately gave a large glass to Lina and poured a lot of wine for her.

Moreover, during the toast, Wright had never thought of drinking the wine for Lina.

Mark glanced at Chen Qing and asked in confusion, "Brother, I know your heart aches for Lina, but no matter how much your heart aches for her, you shouldn't use a foreign bodyguard. Our country has many bodyguards. Why? Do you think our country's bodyguards can't compare to those overseas?"

It was originally just a small problem between a new couple, but Mark had forcefully said that the president was damaging the national honor.

Without waiting for the President to speak, Mark looked at Gu Zhou, who was not far away and exposed him. "That bodyguard belongs to Mr. Gu, right? You should take good care of your own people. Don't let him get in the way in front of me! You should know my personality, right, Mr. Gu?"Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com