Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Chapter 1671 Taking A Step Back

Gu Zhou stood up calmly, exuding a noble aura. His cold gaze landed on Mark's face.

When the people around them saw Gu Zhou, they all looked surprised.

"I just noticed that gentleman. He looks really handsome. He's even more handsome than the groom today!"

"Yes, I didn't expect there to be such a handsome Asian man. It's really rare."

"If he didn't already have a female companion by his side, I would want to be his female companion."

…

"Lord Earl." Gu Zhou's voice was cold and distant. He said calmly, "I know very well what I'm doing. My wife and the Seventh Princess are very good friends. It's very normal for friends to give each other gifts, so isn't it normal for her to give the Seventh Princess the best bodyguard to congratulate her on her wedding? I wonder what the Earl means."

Previously, in court, Qiao Nian had already made her stand clear. Now, he had also made his stand clear. He just wanted to see what else Mark could say.

Indeed, when Mark heard Gu Zhou's words, the smile on his face instantly disappeared. He said coldly, "I didn't expect Mr. Gu to be so brave. I just don't know if Mr. Gu can pay for your bravery. I'm afraid you and your Madam won't be able to return to your country alive. What a pity."

In the face of Mark's provocation, Gu Zhou still looked calm. He placed his hand in his pocket. "Is the Earl publicly indicating that he wants to kill me and my Madam? It's not just me and my Madam who are here today, but also the representative of our country. Do you want to declare war on our country?"

Gu Zhou had turned the conflict between the two sides into a conflict between the two countries.

As soon as Gu Zhou finished speaking, the representatives of Country Z stood up.

Although they were not very clear about the conflict between Gu Zhou and Mark, they knew one thing.

There was only Country Z. Country Z would not give up on any citizen. Country Z would always protect the lives of every citizen. They would never let any citizen be in danger.

Moreover, Gu Zhou was Mr. Gu Ting's son and an important backbone of Country Z in the future.

The representative of Country Z looked at Mark coldly and said calmly, "Earl, are you planning to openly threaten Mr. Gu? Are you planning to declare war on Country Z?"

To be honest, the representative of Country Z also knew that describing this as a declaration of war was not appropriate, but since Gu Zhou had already used it, he could use it directly.

Moreover, Gu Zhou was on the side of the President. The President was an important member of the European Union and its face. The representative of Country Z naturally believed that the President of the European Union would not start a war with Country Z. If Earl Mark really wanted to make a move, it would be very easy for them to join forces with the President to deal with him.

When Mark heard the representative of Country Z's words, his eyes narrowed slightly.

The Lu and Gu families were both thorns in his side. They were two families he had to kill.

He wanted to threaten Gu Zhou, but Gu Zhou made it sound like a war between countries.

Mark took a deep breath and his gaze fell on Gu Zhou's face. It seemed that Gu Zhou had come prepared this time. If he said anything, he would probably be the only one embarrassed.

If the president obtained the support of the government of Country Z, he, the Earl, would soon only exist in name.

Mark gritted his teeth and looked at Gu Zhou. In the end, he took a deep breath and said reluctantly, "Mr. Representative of Country Z, I was just joking with Mr. Gu just now. I had never thought of starting a war between the two countries…"

The Country Z representative said matter-of-factly, "The Earl is really magnanimous."

Mark could naturally tell that the representative of Country Z was determined to protect Gu Zhou. He held his breath, but didn't know what to say.

The representative of Country Z glanced at Gu Zhou and saw that his expression was still indifferent, as if he was not the one who had just been threatened.

As expected of Mr. Gu's son. He was very bold.

He believed that even if the embassy couldn't protect Gu Zhou, Mr. Gu could. Perhaps Gu Zhou could resolve all of this himself.