Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1672 Hatred

There was a wave of anger in Mark's chest. He couldn't find anyone to vent it on. He felt terrible.

He glanced at the president coldly. Seeing the toughness in his eyes, the more he looked at him, the more uncomfortable he felt.

No wonder the president had become so unyielding now. So he had someone backing him up.

Hehe, be it the Gu family or the Lu family, they would all become history in the future. He wanted every trusted aide of the president to disappear.

Mark's gaze swept across Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian, who were whispering at the side. That young couple could still get together and chat at such a tense and critical moment. They simply didn't take him, the Earl, seriously.

Ever since these two people arrived, he felt that his plans were all threatened. They were simply his jinx.

Qiao Nian noticed Mark's fierce gaze and said in a voice that only the two of them could hear, "Looks like Mark already bears a grudge against us. He can't wait to deal with us now."

Gu Zhou's hand under the table held Qiao Nian's. He rubbed Qiao Nian's fingers with his thumb and said in a low voice, "Actually, we can fight back."

Qiao Nian's eyes lit up. She looked at Gu Zhou curiously, her expression excited. "You've already found her?"

Gu Zhou nodded. "We're not far off."

If it weren't for the fact that there were too many people around, Qiao Nian would have kissed Gu Zhou.

Mark heaved a sigh of relief and tried hard to control his temper. His gaze fell on Wright, who was beside him, and he said solemnly, "Wright, you're too much. I know you like Lina a lot and can't wait to tell the world that you like her, but Lina is a girl. Girls have thin skin and easily shy. Hurry up and apologize to your father-in-law and Lina to make her happier."

Wright had thought that Mark was here to speak up for him. Hearing Mark's last words, he rolled his eyes in his heart, but he still said, "Yes, perhaps I drank too much because I was too happy. I hope everyone can forgive me."

The president knew that this was Mark's concession, so he called for everyone to continue drinking. He had already become the new person in charge.

Wright sat at the table again. This time, he was much more well-behaved than before. He no longer wanted to make things difficult for Lina. Not only that, but he also served Lina dinner especially attentively, vividly portraying his role as a good husband.

Seeing that Lina was already drunk and that the banquet hall was extremely lively, Qiao Nian helped Lina back to her room. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Gu Zhou followed her. He was sharp and realized that someone was staring at him.

Before Gu Zhou could walk out, he heard the sound of a bullet being loaded. He turned around and saw the guards staring at him like jackals, tigers, and leopards. They were even holding guns.

If it weren't for the fact that he couldn't flare up in the banquet hall, he would have dealt with all those people long ago.

Gu Zhou stood in a corner and took out his phone to send Qiao Nian a message.

"Nian'er, Mark has probably already given an order. As long as we're alone, they'll kill us directly. You have to follow Lina."

As soon as he sent the message, he received a reply from Qiao Nian. "I understand. Be careful."

Seeing Qiao Nian's concerned words, Gu Zhou couldn't help but smile.

At this moment, he sensed someone walking over and immediately put his phone away.

"Second Young Master."

It was Chen Qing's voice.

Gu Zhou turned his head and saw Chen Qing standing beside him in a daze. When he looked at Chen Qing, Chen Qing's eyes were filled with apology. "Second Young Master, I'm really sorry."

Gu Zhou stood by the window. From the corner of his eye, he glanced out and vaguely saw several guns.

Mark was really petty. He was going to attack him over such a small matter. He didn't even want to hide it.

That made sense. Mark had always felt that he was the head of Europe and did not take the president seriously.

Gu Zhou's gaze fell on Chen Qing's face. In all his years with him, Chen Qing had never made a mistake.

Chen Qing stood there uneasily. He knew that he had done something wrong, so he came over to apologize.

All this time, Wright felt that he didn't understand Mark like how Chen Qing did not understand Gu Zhou because he had three personalities.