Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1674 Basement

Wright was exchanging toats with the others in the banquet hall. From time to time, his gaze would fall on Gu Zhou, who was not far away. Seeing Gu Zhou walk towards the door, he drained his glass in frustration.

He walked to a corner and said to the snipers outside, "The target is moving towards the east gate. Be prepared."

There were a total of four exits in the entire banquet hall. Wright's attention was all on Gu Zhou, and he did not expect Chen Qing to have already quietly moved towards the west door.

Chen Qing glanced around. Perhaps it was because the people staring at Second Young Master were serious and responsible, but the defense here had relaxed a lot.

Chen Qing did not take the guards seriously at all and went straight to look for the Seventh Princess.

Seeing that Chen Qing had already left, Gu Zhou walked into the banquet hall and chatted with the people there with ease.

At this moment, Qiao Nian had already left Lina's room.

Although Gu Zhou had already reminded her that Mark and Wright were preparing to kill them, she was confident in her ability. She believed that she could handle all of this.

Qiao Nian took out her phone and zoomed in on the map. She made her way to the basement.

The basement was on the west side of the manor, and their previous banquet hall was on the east side.

But on second thought, it made sense. The basement had to be somewhere no one knew about.

Seeing that there were many people around, Qiao Nian swiftly took off her gown and hid it in a trash can at the side, revealing a black short-sleeved shirt and long pants.

She took out a rubber band and tied up her hair. Holding the silver needles tightly in her hand, she walked out.

In the night, black clothes were her best disguise.

Qiao Nian finally reached the entrance of the basement. Just as she was about to enter, she suddenly heard hurried footsteps coming from inside. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Strange. Had someone discovered that she was going to the basement?

Qiao Nian looked at the slightly open door of the basement. Through the gap, she saw many people searching for something.

Those people were even speaking an European language.

Qiao Nian quickly dodged to the side and was about to wait outside when someone pulled her behind a big tree.

She subconsciously raised her hand to attack that person when she smelled a familiar aura.

Qiao Nian lowered her hand and leaned back against the tree, looking up at the man in front of her.

At this moment, a group of guards hurriedly entered the basement. Then, they heard thuds as they fell to the ground. They saw the guards drag all the people who had been in the basement out.

After those people left, Qiao Nian relaxed and leaned into Gu Zhou's arms. Her eyes were filled with smiles, and her voice seemed to carry a trace of coquettishness. "I thought I would be the first to arrive. I didn't expect you to be faster than me."

Gu Zhou looked down at the smiling Qiao Nian in his arms. Under the moonlight, her face was so pale that it reflected the light. She looked like an elf that might disappear in the next moment.

Gu Zhou lowered his head and planted a kiss on Qiao Nian's forehead. He said calmly, "Leave the rest to me."

"Got it."

Just now, everyone had entered the basement to search, but the entire basement looked to be only a hundred square meters. There were all kinds of shelves around, and there were all kinds of root carvings on them. It was obvious that Mark was a root carving enthusiast.

When the two of them entered the basement, Qiao Nian looked at the camera not far away. It was all thanks to the previous batch of people who dealt with it. Otherwise, she would have had to destroy the camera.

The two of them glanced at the items inside. Qiao Nian frowned slightly and said in a low voice, "Those people were probably looking for the entrance to the basement just now, but they couldn't find it. They were arrested by others."

Qiao Nian looked around. She guessed that those people must have tried searching the carvings. They had even tried the button beside the door.

Qiao Nian's gaze fell on a painting not far away. Just as she was about to walk over, Gu Zhou had already walked over.

Gu Zhou looked at a portrait. In the end, he gently placed his hand on the figure's eyes. His eyes could actually be pressed down.

Then, part of the floor slowly opened, revealing a square hole. There were many stairs, but it was too dark to see the exact situation inside.