Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1675 Too Cunning

Gu Zhou frowned and looked at the situation inside. He said to Qiao Nian, "Wait for my signal."

Gu Zhou took out his flashlight and shone it on the stairs. Only then did he realize that the so-called stairs were actually painted. From their angle, the stairs seemed to be real.

If one wasn't mentally prepared and stepped on them directly, they might miss.

Mark was really too cunning!

Gu Zhou looked at Qiao Nian and said in a low voice, "I'll jump down first. Wait for my signal."

With that, Gu Zhou jumped down without hesitation.

Actually, there was about three meters below the hole. Gu Zhou had just jumped down when he heard the sound of someone landing beside him.

He reached out and wrapped his arm around Qiao Nian's waist, pulling her into his arms. He said softly, "Why did you come down now?"

Smiling, Qiao Nian pushed Gu Zhou away and walked to the wall at the side. She turned on the flashlight on her phone and said calmly, "Whether it's dangerous or not, I'll definitely come down when you're here."

She was unwilling to be placed behind Gu Zhou and be protected him. She just wanted to walk side by side with Gu Zhou.

She turned on the switch at the side. In an instant, the entire tunnel in front of them lit up. At this moment, the tunnel above them closed. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Qiao Nian looked at the passageway. There were also very exquisite sculptures around her. The words "magnificent" could be used to describe this place.

Qiao Nian followed Gu Zhou forward. She looked at the world-renowned paintings around her, her eyes filled with surprise.

She walked up to one of the paintings and stared at it carefully. She said in disbelief, "Could these be real?"

That made sense. It was only right for a big family like Mark to have authentic works. However, what Qiao Nian didn't understand was how Mark had gotten so many authentic works.

What surprised Qiao Nian the most was that these real paintings were still in the basement.

The basement was damp and not conducive to storing paper paintings.

Gu Zhou glanced around and said thoughtfully, "Perhaps Song Ling has always lived here."

When Qiao Nian heard Gu Zhou's words, she stared carefully at her surroundings. When she smelled the faint perfume in the air, she couldn't help but tease, "An underground lover. She's really an underground lover. His lover actually lives underground."

A trace of surprise flashed in Gu Zhou's eyes.

Qiao Nian looked at Gu Zhou and said in a low voice, "There's still the smell of perfume in the air. Looks like that woman just appeared here. After all, this perfume was just sold this month."

Gu Zhou nodded slightly. "Let's go in and take a look."

The two of them quickly walked in. Not long after they walked in, they saw a super large living room.

The living room was designed in the ancient Roman style. The lights were still on, and there was a cup of steaming tea on the coffee table.

Qiao Nian touched her cup and looked around. In a low voice, she said, "Someone should have been drinking tea just now. They must have heard our commotion, so they hid."

A trace of surprise flashed in Qiao Nian's eyes. She frowned slightly and said, "How strange. Logically speaking, Mark used to bring her to all kinds of banquets. Why would he hide her in the basement now?"

"I don't know." Gu Zhou couldn't understand either.

At this moment, they heard footsteps not far away. Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian took the opportunity to hide in a room at the side, listening carefully to the commotion outside.

"It's so lively outside today. I heard that Prince Wright and the Seventh Princess are engaged. Many big shots are here!"

"Do you want to go on duty?"

"No, it's so tiring to be on duty up there. It's better to be down there. It's magnificent, especially in that pure gold room. Every time I pass by, I'm blinded by the light of gold."

"Alright, stop talking."

"It's fine. There's definitely no one watching us today. It's fine to chat when we're on patrol."

The two of them walked further and further away. Qiao Nian looked at Gu Zhou and said in a low voice, "Looks like Mark lives here most of the time."

"Got it."

"Mark actually has a pure gold room. Is that true?" Qiao Nian recalled what that person had said just now and still found it unbelievable.