Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1676 He Smiled?

Gu Zhou's gaze fell on Qiao Nian's face. Seeing how greedy she looked, he recalled that her fourth brother, Lu Jiang, was extremely rich. Even Mark was probably not as rich as her fourth brother.

He smiled at Qiao Nian and asked softly, "Nian'er, should we look for Song Ling first, or the gold room?"

When Qiao Nian heard Gu Zhou's question, she smiled and said, "We have to look for both. Let's see which we find first."

"Okay, let's go!" Gu Zhou lowered his head and kissed Qiao Nian's forehead. Then, he took Qiao Nian's hand and walked out. The two of them started to search the surroundings.

What surprised Qiao Nian was that there were no cameras installed here. Mark probably didn't want anyone to see his private life.

In the banquet hall.

After Wright came out of the bathroom, he raised his hand to touch his stomach, his heart filled with confusion.

He didn't know what he had eaten, but his stomach suddenly hurt. In a short amount of time, he ran to the toilet three times.

When Wright walked to the corridor, he took the antilaxative his subordinates had sent over and heaved a sigh of relief. He asked in a low voice, "How's the banquet hall?"

"Everything is going well."

"Yes." As the main host of the day, Wright looked at the person beside him and said in a low voice, "In that case, then…"

Before he could finish speaking, his expression darkened. He instructed, "Continue keeping an eye on Gu Zhou. I'll go to the bathroom again."

On the other side.

Chen Qing walked to the castle in the north. His dark eyes carried a trace of light. He looked at the guards coming and going outside the castle and silently hid in a tree at the side. His gaze fell on the window on the second floor.

The lights were on. A young girl was sitting by the window, resting her chin on one hand and looking worried.

When Chen Qing saw her, his heart began to race uncontrollably. He stared unblinkingly at the girl, not knowing what to do.

The girl opened the window and looked up at the night sky.

She was like a beautiful oil painting that no one could bear to destroy.

At this moment, Chen Qing realized that her eyes were red. His expression changed. Before the guard noticed, he swiftly climbed to the window on the second floor and sat down beside it. "What's wrong?"

When Lina saw Chen Qing, her expression froze. She looked at Chen Qing in disbelief, unable to believe that she had really seen him.

Her hand subconsciously touched Chen Qing's arm. The touch was so real. She hurriedly pulled Chen Qing in and immediately closed the window, drawing the curtains. She pulled Chen Qing to a corner and asked anxiously, "Why are you here?"

Without waiting for Chen Qing to answer, Lina continued, "You shouldn't have come. I just heard from Nian Nian that Wright wants to kill you. Leave now!"

Lina pointed at the door and said in a low voice, "I'll help you avoid the guards."

With that, Lina pulled Chen Qing towards the door.

Chen Qing grabbed Lina's arm and pressed one hand against the door, trapping her between him and the door. It was as if he was pressing Lina against the wall. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Lina's heart began to race, as if it would jump out of her mouth in the next moment. Instinctively, she wanted to push Chen Qing away, but her hand inadvertently touched Chen Qing's chest. She immediately retracted her hand, blinked, and muttered softly, "Your chest is the same as Mr. Gu's. Both are so firm."

Chen Qing was slightly stunned. His gaze became complicated, and his chest hurt terribly. He asked, "You…"

Before he could finish speaking, Lina instantly guessed that Chen Qing had misunderstood. She hurriedly waved at Chen Qing and said shyly, "No, it's not like that. Previously, I accidentally bumped into Mr. Gu. You clearly know that Nian Nian and I are good friends. How could I have improper thoughts about Mr. Gu? Moreover, you also know that I…"

Before Lina could finish speaking, she recalled that she treated Chen Qing to a meal alone. There was a trace of hesitation in her eyes.

He clearly knew that she liked him and not Mr. Gu.

"I understand." When Chen Qing said this, there was a trace of a smile in his tone.

Lina looked up at Chen Qing and was instantly stunned.

Had he laughed?