Chapter 1677 Private Matter

Lina was in a daze, but she quickly came back to her senses. She coughed and reached out to push Chen Qing away. She silently stood to the side, maintaining a safe distance from Chen Qing.

Being too close to him made her nervous. She was so nervous that she didn't know what to say.

Lina took a deep breath and deliberately looked at Chen Qing coldly. She said in a low voice, "Nian Nian has just left. If Mr. Chen wants to look for Nian Nian, you can call her directly."

"I'm not looking for her."

Lina nodded in understanding. Chen Qing must have come to look for her because of what had happened at the banquet just now.

She could almost imagine what Chen Qing would say next. It must be some pleasantries, such as Nian Nian asking him to protect her.

Lina said indifferently, "If Mr. Chen is here to apologize for what happened at the banquet just now, there's actually no need. The matter is over, and everyone is fine."

Chen Qing looked at Lina's cold expression and pursed his lips. He shook his head and said firmly, "I'm not looking for you because of the banquet. I'm looking for you because of a personal reason."

Personal reason?

Lina looked at Chen Qing in disbelief. A workaholic like Chen Qing actually had private matters. It was simply unbelievable.

She inadvertently met his serious eyes. His gaze was so hot that it was about to melt her. It seemed to be filled with love.

With just a glance, she seemed to be able to feel the burning love in his heart. Her heart began to race uncontrollably again.

She had never expected Chen Qing to look at her like this.

Could it be that he was interested in her?

Or had she misunderstood again?

Lina lowered her gaze slightly. Her eyes inadvertently fell on the wedding dress she was wearing, and her heart instantly turned cold.

She clenched her fists tightly, her nails digging into her palms. The pain in her palms kept her mind clear.

Lina pursed her lips slightly, her voice a little cold. "Personal reasons? There doesn't seem to be anything personal between us."

There were roses on the cabinet by the table. They were flirtatious red and emitted a charming fragrance.

Chen Qing stared unblinkingly at Lina. At this moment, she was even more mesmerizing than the roses behind her.

Previously, he had always thought that he had never had such thoughts about Lina. However, at the engagement banquet, when Wright wanted to force a kiss on her, his mind was already empty. When he came back to his senses, he had already hit Wright.

As a bodyguard, he appeared at such a grand engagement banquet because of Second Young Master and Second Young Madam. Under such circumstances, he even hit the male lead of the engagement banquet.

At the engagement banquet, his family already held a grudge against Second Young Master and Second Young Madam. His actions were simply adding fuel to the fire.

He looked down at Lina in front of him and couldn't help but take a step forward. He pressed Lina against the cabinet, not giving her a chance to leave. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"When I began to learn things, I was taught how to protect Second Young Master. Later on, when I did things by Second Young Master's side, I was greatly affected by him, so my reaction to relationships was slower."

Chen Qing looked down at Lina in his arms and pursed his lips slightly. He seemed to have thought of something and continued, "I snuck out of the banquet hall to see you. I don't know when I fell for you."

"Perhaps it was when I accidentally bumped into you the first time we met. Perhaps it was when I carried you down from the mountain. Or perhaps it was when I was trapped in a cave when we were picking herbs on the mountain we went to. Or perhaps it was just bits and pieces of our interactions. We have a saying that love develops over time."

When Lina heard Chen Qing's words, her eyes turned red uncontrollably. She looked at Chen Qing in disbelief. Everything Chen Qing said flashed across her mind. It was so clear.

When she first saw Chen Qing, she was also attracted to him. He was her type, and every time she encountered danger, he would stand in front of her without hesitation to protect her.

This sense of security was not something others could give her.

Lina didn't speak. She just looked at Chen Qing in front of her and covered her mouth, trying hard not to cry.