Chapter 1678 Confession

The people she liked liked her too.

When she realized this, Lina couldn't control her tears of happiness.

Perhaps his reaction to relationships was a little slow, but his love for her was incomparable.

However, Lina knew the current situation very well.

She was already engaged to Wright. She could no longer be with Chen Qing.

At this moment, Chen Qing's voice came from in front of her. His voice was gentle and affectionate, but it was like a sharp blade that pierced her heart.

"Your Highness, I finally understand that I really like you."

When Chen Qing said this, his voice was firm, but the sorrow in his eyes could not be hidden.

He no longer had a chance to be with her, let alone take her away. They both had their own jobs to do. They couldn't give up their responsibilities for their own selfish desires.

If the two of them left now, not only would the President and Madam suffer a calamity, but it would also bring endless disaster to the Gu family. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

But he still wanted to convey his liking for her to her so that she would no longer be sad. No matter what happened to her in the future, he would always be by her side.

Lina raised her hand to wipe her tears bit by bit and smiled helplessly. She looked up at Chen Qing and said in a nasal voice, "So you came here to tell me this?"

Chen Qing's heart ached as he looked at the tears in Lina's eyes. He wanted to help her wipe them away, but he recalled what she had said previously. She had to keep a safe distance from him.

"Yes." Chen Qing nodded seriously. After some thought, he repeated, "I want to convey my feelings to you."

A happy smile appeared on Lina's face. Her smile was like the spring sun that melted the ice and snow and revived everything.

"Today, in the banquet hall, Wright forced me to have a drink with him. Do you know what I thought back then?"

Chen Qing's lips were pursed tightly. At that time, he was standing very far away from the stage. He had deliberately chosen such a far place because he didn't want to see her being intimate with other men.

But even though he was standing very far away and couldn't see the interaction between Lina and Wright clearly, his gaze was still on Lina.

He could tell that Lina didn't like Wright, nor did she like drinking with him.

At that time, he had wondered why the person standing beside Lina wasn't him. If it were him, he would never let Lina suffer any grievance or fear.

Chen Qing's heart felt as if it had been cut into pieces. He looked down at Lina and said in a muffled voice, "What are you thinking?"

Chen Qing had thought that Lina would tell him about her uneasiness after suffering so much, but he didn't expect Lina to laugh.

When she smiled, she revealed her two canine teeth, and her eyes were filled with stars. She said playfully, "I was so envious of you back then. There was actually such a beautiful and romantic custom when you get married. If I marry you, should we have cross-cupped wine?"

Lina's gaze fell on Chen Qing's face. She asked tentatively, "Then are you willing to have cross-cupped wine with me?"

Chen Qing looked at Lina's face and met her bright eyes. His heart skipped a beat and he nodded.

There was a smile on Lina's face. She turned around and walked to a table at the side. She poured two glasses of wine as if she had thought of something. She added a pill to one of the glasses and shook it gently before handing it to Chen Qing.

Chen Qing's gaze fell on Lina's face and he took the wine glass from her.

Chen Qing knew that before their wedding night, the groom and bride would drink cross-cupped wine. His heart began to race uncontrollably. This was the first time he had encountered such a situation.

Today, he was completely different from before.

Lina took Chen Qing's arm and brought the wine glass to her lips. With a sweet smile on her face, she drank the wine in her hand.

She thought that according to An City's customs, she should be Chen Qing's bride now!