Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1679 Wedding Night

Lin Na's lips curved up slightly. Reluctantly, she let go of Chen Qing and took the wine glass from him. Her eyes sparkled under the light.

She turned around and placed the wine glass on the table at the side. Then, she smiled and walked up to Chen Qing. She took the initiative to hold Chen Qing's hand and walked towards the bed.

His hand was very hot. She stole a glance at Chen Qing beside her. Seeing that he did not let go of her, the smile on her lips grew brighter and brighter.

She sat by the bed and pulled Chen Qing down with her.

"Chen Qing, I hope you'll remember this day forever. You must not forget it."

"What?" Chen Qing looked at Lina in confusion. Just as he was about to get to the bottom of it, his head grew heavier and heavier, and his vision blurred. Lina's face in front of him gradually blurred.

What was going on?

Chen Qing blinked. He wanted to stay awake, but his head was as heavy as hell. He saw Lina looking at him with teary eyes.

He bit his lip, wanting to use the pain to stay awake, but this move seemed to have failed. His head grew heavier and gradually he couldn't open his eyes.

In the end, Chen Qing fell onto the bed.

Lina hugged Chen Qing's head in tears. Tears streamed down her face as she said pitifully, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm really sorry."

"Chen Qing, it's all my fault. If I had waited longer and if Mark hadn't pressed so hard, I would have chosen you and married you without hesitation."

"But the situation is different now. For the sake of my family and the entire European country, I can only marry Wright. I can't go back on my word at all."

"Today is just an engagement banquet, but representatives from all over the world are attending it. If I break off the engagement at this time, it won't just be Mark and Wright who will be embarrassed. My father will also be embarrassed."

"I can't be unfilial. I can't let Father and Mother be hurt in any way."

"I know very well that even if I give up everything to be with you, we won't last long. There are too many differences between us. You will definitely suffer the revenge of the entire Europe, especially from Mark and Wright, who hate you to the core."

Lina sniffled and looked down at Chen Qing. Her voice choked. "I can't choose that path filled with thorns. I don't want anyone I care about to be hurt at all."

She stood up and moved Chen Qing onto the bed. Leaning against Chen Qing, she said softly, "I heard from Mom that after the bride and groom drink the cross-cupped wine, they'll consummate their marriage."

"At first, I didn't understand what consummation meant. Later on, I realized that meant sex. The people on your side are really tactful, but I like it that way."

Lina sat up again and gently touched Chen Qing's face with her fingers. His facial features were strong, and when he fell asleep, his brow was still furrowed.

Her hand gently smoothed Chen Qing's brow. There was a trace of a smile in her eyes as she said gently, "Although we might not be able to be together in the future, I want to consummate our marriage."

Lina looked a little shy. She reached out and turned off the light at the side. Under the moonlight from the gap in the curtains, she carefully unbuttoned Chen Qing's shirt.

Perhaps they couldn't be together for the rest of their lives, but she was already very satisfied that they were together before.

Lina smiled as she continued unbuttoning his shirt.

Originally, the medicine was supposed to make Wright faint so that he couldn't do anything to her.

But now, she couldn't care less. She just wanted to end her previous love affair before she finished all the procedures with Wright.

…

In the banquet hall.

Holding his stomach, Wright appeared in the banquet hall. He finally stopped having diarrhea. He had been away for so long. Mark would be very unhappy.

Wright quickly walked over to Mark and said in a low voice, "Father, I'm already much better."

Mark glanced at Wright and said in a low voice, "Based on your diarrhea, we don't know when we'll be able to greet the representatives of the various countries."

"Father, it's all my fault." Wright apologized sincerely, his face filled with guilt. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"Alright, come with me." Mark led Wright to greet the representatives of the various countries with a smile. They would also discuss the future friendship between the two countries.