Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1680 Discovery

This was clearly an engagement banquet, but Mark had made it look like a meeting between the presidents of various countries.

After about half an hour, Mark brought Wright to meet many people. He had also drunk a lot. He looked at Wright, who was about to get drunk beside him, and teased, "If you continue drinking, you'll definitely sleep by yourself tonight."

Wright had drunk a lot. His footsteps were frivolous, but his mind was still clear. He said resentfully, "I don't know where Lina heard some nonsense, but she insisted that if I casually entered her room before we got married, it would mean that I didn't respect her. Didn't the president just say that I couldn't use force on Lina?"

Wright touched his nose, which was still hurting, and said unhappily, "Now, she even got Chen Qing to be her bodyguard. Isn't she deliberately getting someone to keep an eye on me?"

The more he thought about it, the angrier he became. Today was his good day, but Chen Qing had actually hit him in front of the representatives of the various countries. He simply didn't take him seriously.

"Engagement is no different from marriage. Lina is already your wife. You can do whatever you want." Mark drank a glass of wine and sat leisurely on the sofa. His gaze fell on the entire banquet hall and he said calmly, "You actually listen to the president."

When Wright heard Mark's words, his expression changed instantly.

He had indeed done a lot of wrong things today. If he didn't perform well, Mark would definitely be angry.

Wright stood in front of Mark with a guilty expression and apologized anxiously. "I'm sorry, I was in the wrong. I'll make Lina understand that we're already husband and wife."

Mark didn't speak. He just sat there calmly, his gaze falling on the glass of red wine in his hand. He narrowed his eyes slightly.

In Europe, getting engaged was no different from getting married.

Why would Lina reject Wright?

Mark's gaze inadvertently fell on the president not far away.

Previously, the president had relented and was willing to let Lina marry Wright. He even said that he would hold an engagement ceremony for the two of them first, saying that he could not let Lina down.

However, Europeans had always been more romantic. The engagement banquet was really too complicated. It would be easier to get married directly.

Could it be that the president had other thoughts?

When he realized this, Mark couldn't help but grip the wine glass in his hand tightly, his expression turning even uglier.

Wright noticed that something was wrong with Mark's expression and asked with concern, "Father, are you feeling unwell? Why don't I invite a doctor over?"

Wright had thought that Mark had too much wine and was drunk.

"Quiet!" Mark said impatiently. His expression darkened. He casually slammed the wine glass onto the coffee table.

Wright immediately stood there quietly and did not speak. He stared unblinkingly at Mark, careful not to speak.

Mark's mind raced. At that time, in order to embarrass the president, he had specially suggested that the engagement banquet be held at his manor.

At that time, although the president's expression was ugly, he still agreed to his request.

He had thought that the president had no choice but to submit to him. Now, it seemed that the president just wanted to visit his manor.

There was indeed an unspeakable secret in his manor.

Mark's eyes darkened completely, and he felt a faint sense of unease in his mind. He seemed to have thought of something and suddenly stood up.

Wright had been standing beside Mark. Seeing Mark's expression change, the drunkenness on his body instantly disappeared. He immediately asked, "Father, what happened?"

The president, who had been talking to the representative of Country Z, sensed the killing intent on him. He turned back to look at Mark, who was standing by the sofa. His expression was indifferent, and his eyes were turbulent.

Mark narrowed his eyes dangerously and stared unblinkingly at the president not far away. He said in a low voice to Wright, "Go to the basement and take a look."

Wright was stunned. He followed Mark's gaze, then understood. "I understand. I'll go now."

With that, Wright walked out without looking back.

Seeing Wright leave, the President turned around and continued talking to the representative of Country Z. He took the opportunity to text Gu Zhou. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

It seemed that Mark was really cautious. He had actually realized that something was wrong.

It seemed that he had to be more careful around Mark in the future.