Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1681 Gold Room

[Mark has already sensed it!]

Seeing the message from the president, Gu Zhou's expression became complicated. Golden light shone in front of him.

Before he and Qiao Nian could find that woman, they discovered a room made of pure gold.

The walls, ceiling, and floor of this room were all made of gold. It was also filled with a lot of gold, silver, and jewelry, giving off a dreamy feeling.

If someone who loved money came here, they would probably never want to go out again for the rest of their lives. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Qiao Nian looked at the treasures. Her beautiful fox-like eyes were filled with shock.

"How can there be so many treasures?" Qiao Nian frowned. She couldn't believe what she was seeing. "This is simply a treasure trove!"

Although the Gu family was extremely rich and she knew that his family had a lot of assets, the assets she had seen were all numbers. They were not as shocking as these treasures.

Gu Zhou frowned and said in confusion, "I wonder where he got these treasures from. Look, the antiques there seem to be only available in our country. Don't tell me he got someone to dig up the tombs of famous people from all over the world!"

When Qiao Nian heard Gu Zhou's words, she was stunned. She narrowed her eyes slightly and said coldly, "Initially, the president thought that Mark just wanted to be the president of Europe. It seems that Mark's ambition isn't here. He probably wants to get his hands on other countries. Don't tell me he wants to unify the world!"

"I don't know. In our opinion, these things are all related to money. In Mark's opinion, these should be firearms!" As Gu Zhou spoke, he took a small video of this room and sent it to the president.

Gu Zhou looked at a door not far away and said in a low voice, "I think all the rooms here should be connected. Let's continue walking in. Someone will probably come to check on us soon!"

"Okay!"

The two of them walked towards the small door of the gold room. They pushed it open and saw another small room. It was small and empty. There was another door not far away.

The two of them walked to the door and gently opened it a crack. They could vaguely see a bedroom.

Just as the two of them were wondering if they should go in, the door of the gold room opened.

Wright stood in front of the gold room with his subordinates. This time, he had specially chosen a few people he could trust.

When the door of the gold room opened, Wright's subordinates were all stunned. All of them stared blankly at everything in front of them.

When had they ever seen so much money in their lives?

Wright was the only one looking around calmly.

Strange, there was actually no one here!

Wright glanced at the gold room and his gaze fell on the guards. He frowned and said in a low voice, "Why are the few of you standing there? Hurry up and find them!"

"Yes!"

The few of them agreed in unison!

The guards searched the gold room carefully before reporting together, "We've already checked carefully. There's no one else in all the rooms except for the one behind that door!"

There were many valuable things in the room, and the guards did not dare to open that door casually.

Wright's eyes gradually darkened. He narrowed his eyes slightly, his eyes emitting a vicious aura, like a poisonous snake hiding in the forest. It was as if he would rush out and bite his prey in the next moment.

Wright slowly walked to the door. It was also made of gold. If he opened this door, it would lead to that woman's bedroom.

For so many years, he had been Mark's adopted son, so Mark had told him about the entire basement. He had even shown him the gold room.

If he took the liberty of entering the woman's bedroom, Mark would definitely be very unhappy.

Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian, who were hiding in the small room, heard Wright and the guards talking. The two of them exchanged a look. As long as Wright dared to push open this door, the two of them would be kidnapped.

They would be discovered by Wright before they could complete their original mission.