Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1682 Trapped

Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Wright's gaze fell on the door. After a long while, he said, "There's definitely no one else here. Let's search other places!"

"Yes!"

Wright turned to leave with the guards.

When Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian heard the door of the gold room close and the footsteps disappear, they heaved a sigh of relief.

Although the two of them were safe for the time being, they were still trapped.

Whether they went out of the gold room or the bedroom on the other side, they didn't know the entire basement very well. They might even bump into Wright and the guards when they walked around.

They had come here to find that woman, but this woman had hidden herself too deeply.

At this moment, Qiao Nian said thoughtfully, "Why don't we go to the bedroom and take a look? I just looked through the crack in the door. There's no one else in the bedroom!"

Gu Zhou nodded slightly.

The two of them opened the door facing the bedroom. This bedroom was decorated in a European retro style. There was a lot of walnut furniture inside.

This bedroom wasn't big. It looked to be thirty square meters. Their eyes were attracted to the ground beside the closet. There was a diamond earring on the ground.

Qiao Nian quickly walked over and looked down at the diamond earring on the ground. A trace of surprise flashed in her eyes. "Could it be that that woman hid after running to the bedroom?"

"That should be the case." Gu Zhou walked to the other door of the bedroom. He saw the guard searching room by room. He quickly walked to Qiao Nian's side and said in a low voice, "They'll come here very soon. Why don't we retreat to the gold room first?"

The most dangerous place was the safest place!

Those people probably wouldn't expect them to return to the gold room either.

"Wait for me. I'll see if there's any hair on the dressing table." Qiao Nian wanted to do a DNA paternity test between Song Ling and Song Man. This was evidence that could prove that the kidnapping twenty years ago was related to Earl Mark!

Qiao Nian walked up to the dressing table and listened to the footsteps outside. She realized that they were getting closer and closer. She quickly glanced around. There was not a single strand of hair on the comb on the dressing table.

Strange!

This woman actually didn't leave a single hair behind.

The footsteps outside the door were getting closer and closer. Holding Gu Zhou's hand, Qiao Nian swiftly opened the closet. Then, she pressed a button near the closet, and the wooden board inside slowly opened.

The two of them hid inside, then the wooden board of the closet slowly closed.

This was a very long corridor. The floor of this corridor was made of cement. Qiao Nian narrowed her eyes and said in a low voice, "This should be the secret passage in the basement, so it's only sealed with cement. It hasn't been renovated."

Gu Zhou nodded and looked around. With a serious expression, he said, "How strange. This place is almost the same as the corridor outside. Moreover, there are doors on both sides. In other words, there's a secret door in every room."

When Qiao Nian heard Gu Zhou's words, she walked forward and said with interest, "Looks like Mark is very insecure. He left so many safe passages for himself."

At this moment, Gu Zhou pointed at one of the doors not far away and said in a low voice, "According to the topographic map, next to that door should be the gold room."

Qiao Nian followed Gu Zhou's gaze and pulled him over. In a low voice, she said, "That might really be the case!"

The two of them walked over and opened the door again. What appeared in front of them was indeed the gold room.

"Have we returned to that golden room again?" Gu Zhou frowned slightly. He sized up the entire golden room, and his expression changed slightly. "This shouldn't be the golden room we were in before!"

"This is the second golden room!" Qiao Nian couldn't help but exclaim. She tried hard to remain calm and looked at Gu Zhou. "There seems to be more gold and jewelry here than in the previous room. Mark is too rich!"

"That's indeed the case!" Gu Zhou narrowed his eyes slightly and said thoughtfully, "Nian'er, have you discovered something?"