Chapter 1683 Wrongly Entered

"Are you trying to say that this is actually the second floor underground?" Qiao Nian narrowed her eyes and said solemnly.

"I think so too." Gu Zhou glanced around. In the end, he turned around and walked towards the opposite side of the room. He opened the door and saw many antiques piled up in the room. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"The entire basement isn't completely flat. It's like a large building. The flat ground looks curved. Previously, the basement we were in was on the first basement floor. The bedroom we just passed happened to be at the corner of a larger room. When we came out of the bedroom closet, we entered the second basement floor."

Qiao Nian instantly understood what Gu Zhou meant. Her expression also turned serious as she said in a low voice, "Just now, I realized that a diamond earring had fallen beside the closet. I guessed that the person who was hiding in the bedroom had already hidden in the closet, so I brought you here."

At this point, Qiao Nian glanced around, her expression darkening. "I wonder which room she's in now!"

"Do you think Wright knows about this place?" Gu Zhou asked thoughtfully.

"I don't think he knows about this place," Qiao Nian said with certainty. "Perhaps he knows about the second floor of the basement, but he must have taken the renovated path outside, not this emergency tunnel!"

"Let's continue searching!" Gu Zhou led Qiao Nian from room to room. They didn't dare to go out through the other door of those rooms, afraid that they would bump into the patrolling guards!

When they were in a walk-in closet, the two of them stopped in unison. Their gazes fell on the diamond earring in front of the fitting mirror.

Qiao Nian said in a low voice, "There might be a path to the fitting mirror. Let's go take a look!"

When the two of them walked to the fitting mirror, they looked around. In the end, they moved the fitting mirror in unison.

Rumble—

At this moment, a violent sound rang out in front of them. Their expressions suddenly changed!

Mark was too unreliable. What kind of mechanism would cause such a huge commotion when it was activated!

Wright, who was on the first basement floor, also heard the violent sound. His expression suddenly changed, and his eyes were filled with hatred. He said sternly, "In the cloakroom on the second basement floor. Go after them!"

At Wright's command, the twenty guards ran towards the cloakroom on the second floor below.

Wright ran at the front of them, his eyes filled with hatred.

Although he knew that his marriage with Lina was just a combination of benefits, today was his engagement with Lina. Gu Zhou actually allowed his bodyguard to hit him at the engagement banquet!

This was simply a great humiliation to him!

He had long hated Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian to the core!

Actually, if he thought about it carefully, if Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian hadn't appeared here, according to his and Mark's plans, he would have married Lina long ago!

However, this plan had been delayed for so long after Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian appeared!

Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian were like jinxes, bringing them bad luck!

At this moment, Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian entered the corridor behind the fitting mirror. The moment the two of them entered, the door closed again!

There were mirrors everywhere in the corridor behind the fitting mirror. It was as if she and Gu Zhou had entered a world filled with mirrors.

Strange, where exactly was this?

Only then did Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian realize that there were many closets around the fitting room. Could this be another huge fitting room?

Before the two of them could figure out where they were, they heard footsteps outside!

Gu Zhou frowned, his expression instantly turning cold. Without waiting for Qiao Nian to react, he pushed her into the closet at the side.

Qiao Nian looked at the calm Gu Zhou, as if this wasn't a life-and-death situation and they needed to escape.

"You're relatively thin. This is filled with coats. You can hide in here, and those people won't notice you!"

When Qiao Nian heard Gu Zhou's words, she was stunned. She grabbed his stubborn arm and frowned, asking anxiously, "Then where are you going? Are you going to help me lure them away?"