Chapter 1684 Eight Trigrams Array?

Gu Zhou didn't speak. He held the back of Qiao Nian's head with one hand and kissed her hard. Then, he immediately let go and smiled at Qiao Nian, saying gently, "Don't worry, those people aren't my match yet!"

"But there are so many of them. How can you handle them alone?" Qiao Nian looked at Gu Zhou worriedly. Instinctively, she wanted to leave, but Gu Zhou stopped her.

"You don't have to think too much about it. I just have to stall for time!" Gu Zhou gently touched Qiao Nian's face and said in a low voice, "Moreover, they're outside, aren't they?"

Previously, he had already sent the president a video of the gold room. The president probably couldn't wait to rush over!

Gu Zhou was referring to was the army Gu Ting had given Qiao Nian. The leader today was Lin Mian.

Before they came in, they had already instructed Lin Mian that if she still couldn't find them in three hours, she would definitely bring an army in!

Actually, his situation looked terrible, but there were many helpers around them.

Gu Zhou stared unblinkingly at Qiao Nian, his eyes filled with complicated emotions.

Qiao Nian met Gu Zhou's eyes, and her heart began to race. Her eyes couldn't help but turn red.

She knew that the situation was critical. If the two of them attacked Wright with the others, they might not be at a disadvantage.

However, he knew very well how Gu Zhou felt about her. Gu Zhou definitely didn't want her to be hurt in any way, let alone face those people head-on.

If she continued to speak to Gu Zhou, Gu Zhou would only have less time to escape. At the thought of this, Qiao Nian slowly let go of Gu Zhou's hand and instructed softly, "Then be careful. Don't be injured!"

Gu Zhou's lips curved up slightly. He looked at Qiao Nian gently and pushed her into the coat room, covering her figure with it. "Don't worry, I'll definitely be fine. You have to hide well!" Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

With that, Gu Zhou closed the closet and ran in the other direction of the cloakroom.

There were countless mirrors in the cloakroom, and Gu Zhou's figure could be seen in them.

Rumble—

The door opened!

Qiao Nian's heart was in her throat. She slowly closed her eyes, praying that Gu Zhou could escape as soon as possible!

When Wright rushed into the cloakroom, he saw Gu Zhou's fleeing figure in the mirror from afar. His expression darkened!

Gu Zhou quickly ran forward. Wright could see him in the mirror, and so could he. At this moment, they could both see each other's movements clearly, but they couldn't find each other.

Gu Zhou quickly shuttled through the mirrors. He had never expected this cloakroom to be so big, nor did he understand why Mark had placed so many mirrors.

In the next moment, Gu Zhou stopped in his tracks. He looked at the mirrors around him and behind him, and his expression gradually turned serious.

Could this be the Eight Trigrams Array?

It seemed that the people around Mark were not simple at all. Not only did they know medicine, but they also knew voodoo and the Eight Trigrams Array!

Mark had really found many capable people!

Gu Zhou stood rooted to the ground with a cold expression. He turned to look at Wright in the mirror and said calmly, "Wright, I advise you to give up. You won't be able to find me!"

Wright had already run to the other side of a mirror. He was frowning!

The mirror here occupied an area of about 200 square meters, but he couldn't understand why he still hadn't found Gu Zhou. He could only see him in the mirror.

Gu Zhou had studied the Eight Trigrams Arrays in the past. As long as he used a mirror to cover his body, Wright would not be able to catch him for a while. He just had to stall for time!

Wright walked in the direction of Gu Zhou's voice, but when he reached the end, he still didn't see Gu Zhou. Annoyed, he shattered a mirror beside him.

The mirror instantly shattered into countless pieces. The ground was filled with the remains of the mirror. Gu Zhou's face could be seen on every broken mirror. Now, it would be even harder for him to find Gu Zhou.