Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1685 Trash

Gu Zhou stood in the eye of the array, his eyes filled with smiles. "I advise you not to waste your effort. If you break that mirror, it'll be even harder to find me!"

Although mirrors were very fragile, unless Wright could shatter all the mirrors here, Gu Zhou could use the mirrors to hide his body.

Although Wright had brought a lot of people with him, it would take them a lot of time to shatter all the mirrors. Moreover, they would be dizzy from the mirrors.

Wright looked at the mirrors in front of him, and his expression instantly darkened. He didn't understand why that woman insisted on making so many mirrors. These mirrors were useless, and they were in the way.

What Wright didn't know was that the front and back of every mirror were mirrors. Not only that, but the mirrors were pressed together tightly.

Wright got someone to smash the mirrors, but only a few of them were smashed. Wright looked at the mirror fragments all over the ground, then at the mirror in front of him. The mirror reflected a strong light, making his eyes uncomfortable.

"Hurry up and cover the fragments of the mirror with something!" Wright said angrily.

Wright watched as the guards pushed all the lenses together and covered them with their suits. Suppressing his anger, he said angrily, "You're so slow. This place is so small. At your speed, when will you find Gu Zhou?"

The guards were so frightened that they did not dare to speak. However, they still threw all the broken lenses aside and covered them with their clothes.

About twenty minutes later, Wright finally caught up to Gu Zhou. At this moment, Gu Zhou was already standing in the hall outside the cloakroom.

Gu Zhou stopped and his gaze fell on the door of the cloakroom. He saw Wright coming out after his guards.

Gu Zhou stood there calmly, as if he was not afraid of Wright at all.

Wright looked at Gu Zhou in front of him and rolled his eyes. Just now, in the banquet hall, he had been punched by Chen Qing.

This time, he could beat Gu Zhou up and vent his anger.

Wright took off his suit jacket and stretched his body slightly. He said to the guards beside him, "Don't move. This is between him and me!"

Gu Zhou's gaze fell on Wright's face. He smiled disdainfully and said, "Do you think you can beat me?"

Wright smiled disdainfully. Everyone knew that Gu Zhou was an invalid in An City. He would not live for long.

How good could a dying person be?

Wright kicked the obstructing chair aside. His gaze fell on Gu Zhou's face and he said coldly, "Gu Zhou, if you hadn't stopped, I might not have been able to catch up to you. But now, you've suddenly stopped."

Wright pursed his lips slightly, and a glint flashed across his eyes. He continued, "Qiao Nian should be here too. I think you want to delay us in order to protect her!"

Seeing that Gu Zhou's expression was still indifferent, as if everything he said had nothing to do with him, Wright narrowed his eyes slightly and said coldly, "Six of you, go back and search all the closets. You have to find Qiao Nian!"

"Yes!"

There was a faint smile on Gu Zhou's face. He rolled up his sleeves with an indifferent expression and said coldly, "Are you sure you can beat me, Wright? If you're not confident, you can attack together."

When Wright heard Gu Zhou's words, his expression changed drastically. He looked at Gu Zhou in disbelief. Gu Zhou was too arrogant!

An invalid who didn't have long to live actually dared to strut around in front of him. He was simply courting death. Wright said coldly, "I advise you to kneel down and beg for mercy as soon as possible!"

Wright really looked down on Gu Zhou. In his opinion, a fair-skinned person like Gu Zhou was useless!

Gu Zhou was only good-looking. He was useless in everything else!

No, he was wrong. Gu Zhou was especially good at bragging!

At the thought of this, Wright's eyes gradually darkened. He stared unblinkingly at Gu Zhou, like a cheetah preparing to pounce on him and bite him at any moment!T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m