Chapter 1686 One-on-One

Gu Zhou noticed that Wright had attacked. He stood there without changing his expression. His eyes narrowed slightly, and the obsidian-like pupils in his eyes seemed to be tinged with a bloodthirsty red.

Everyone thought that he was not in good health and was a weak person.

But not many people had seen his abilities.

If he brought Qiao Nian with him, he might be distracted by his worry for her.

However, he had already hidden Qiao Nian well. Now, he was fearless.

Wright punched him, but he did not expect Gu Zhou to dodge nimbly.

Wright steadied himself and turned to look at Gu Zhou. Smiling, he said, "What's so good about hiding? If you have the ability, fight me head-on!"

Gu Zhou nodded slightly. "As long as you're not afraid!"

"I'm afraid? Hehe, what kind of joke is this? I, Wright, am not afraid of anything. Why would I be afraid of you?" Wright smiled disdainfully and punched Gu Zhou again.

This time, Gu Zhou did not avoid Wright directly. Instead, he faced the challenge head-on.

After several rounds, the smile on Wright's face gradually froze. After the last punch, he took a step back and looked at Gu Zhou warily.

How… how was this possible?

Gu Zhou was actually better at fighting than Chen Qing?

It seemed that everyone said that Gu Zhou was an invalid, but Gu Zhou was not one at all.

The more Wright thought about it, the uglier his expression became. He said coldly, "Gu Zhou, so what if you're skilled? But you can't compare to the gun in my guard's hand at all. Any one of them can shoot you to death."

When Gu Zhou heard Wright's words, he smiled disdainfully and said, "Alright, if you're not afraid of death, let them do it. Bullets have no eyes. If you die, you can't blame me!"

Wright pursed his lips tightly, his gaze turning even more ferocious. Like a hungry poisonous snake, he yearned to kill Gu Zhou. "You're right. Let's decide the victor first!"

Previously, Gu Zhou had taken advantage of Wright's arrogance, so he wanted to get a chance to fight Wright one-on-one. When that happened, he could easily defeat Wright and use him to threaten the guards.

Those guards would definitely give in to ensure Wright's safety.

"I thought you would be incompetent and ask your guards for help." Gu Zhou smiled disdainfully.

Wright was instantly anxious. He stomped on the ground and said loudly, "Gu Zhou, I am a strong man. Don't underestimate me."

"Is that so?" Gu Zhou still didn't look convinced.

The two of them continued to fight.

The guards standing at the side held their guns and did not dare to speak. Without Wright's orders, they did not dare to shoot casually. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Wright had a bad temper. If anyone wanted to go against him, he would definitely settle scores with that person later!

One by one, they gripped the guns in their hands tightly. Their gazes fell on Wright and Gu Zhou's faces, waiting for the winner to be decided!

Gu Zhou had always had the upper hand. Although Wright couldn't take Gu Zhou down for a while, he was getting bolder and bolder. His mind was filled with thoughts of catching Gu Zhou and teaching him a lesson!

Even though Wright had used all his strength, he was still no match for Gu Zhou. Gradually, he was at a disadvantage.

Seeing that Wright was about to be kicked to the ground by Gu Zhou, the guards at the side hurriedly picked up their guns and prepared to aim them at him. However, Gu Zhou was even faster. He immediately bent down, grabbed Wright's collar, and punched him in the temple!

Wright was seeing stars from the beating. When he finally recovered, he remembered that he still had a knife with him. He immediately took out a dagger and slashed at Gu Zhou's arm!

Gu Zhou hurriedly took a step back and let go of Wright. His gaze fell on Wright's face and he said disdainfully, "The dignified Prince Wright actually knows how to use dirty tricks. When he can't beat you with his bare hands and fists, he actually ambushes you! What an unpresentable move!"

Wright gripped the dagger in his hand tightly and looked at Gu Zhou viciously. He smiled disdainfully and said, "So what? You still can't beat me."