Chapter 1687 Threat

This time, Wright was holding a dagger in his hand. Gu Zhou could only be more cautious and not block Wright's attack with his hand directly. However, he still found an opportunity to hit Wright a few times!

Wright was in so much pain that he couldn't straighten his back. He looked at Gu Zhou with a dark expression. He hadn't expected Gu Zhou to be able to persevere at this moment.

He clearly already had a dagger in his hand, but Gu Zhou still looked so fearless. Not only that, even with the dagger in his hand, he was still at a disadvantage.

In a rage, Wright brandished the dagger in his hand. He had completely given up on defending himself. There was only one thought in his mind, and that was to hurt Gu Zhou!

As long as Gu Zhou was injured, it meant that his skills were not bad!

It was precisely because Wright had given up on defense that he was also attacked by Gu Zhou. His breathing was unstable as he brandished his dagger!

From the corner of his eye, Gu Zhou's gaze fell on a chair at the side. He swiftly picked up the chair and used it as his sword! T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Wright was hit a few times by Gu Zhou's chair and staggered to the ground. He looked at Gu Zhou in disbelief.

Gu Zhou's gaze fell on Wright's face. He said with a dark expression, "Let's see if this battle will end soon!"

With that, Gu Zhou kicked the dagger out of Wright's hand. He quickly grabbed Wright's dagger and placed it on Wright's neck. His gaze fell on the faces of the guards. "Now that Wright is in my hands, I advise you to put down your guns and surrender!"

Wright was so angry that he was panting heavily. He had never expected to still be standing in Gu Zhou's hands. He gritted his teeth and said, "Do you really think you can catch me?"

Gu Zhou was slightly stunned. He saw Wright take out another dagger.

Wright actually had two daggers!

He had naturally dodged the dagger in Wright's hand, but his face was still cut by Wright.

Blood flowed from the wound.

Wright picked up a stool and threw it at Gu Zhou!

Although the chair did not hit Gu Zhou, Wright and Gu Zhou had already separated.

Seeing this, Wright hurriedly shouted at the guards who were standing there in a daze, "What are you doing? Hurry up and shoot him!"

As soon as Wright finished speaking, the guards hurriedly picked up the guns in their hands and aimed them at Gu Zhou in unison. At this moment, Gu Zhou had already become a target. It was as if those people would shoot Gu Zhou until he became a sieve in the next moment!

At this moment, a clear female voice came from the door of the cloakroom.

"All of you, stop! Put down your guns!"

When everyone heard that voice, they hurriedly turned around and saw Qiao Nian walking towards them with a knife to a woman's neck.

The hostage Qiao Nian was holding was a woman in her forties. That woman was fair and beautiful, and her eyes were soul-stirring.

This woman was none other than Song Ling, whom Qiao Nian had been looking for.

Song Ling was also Mark's lover.

All the gazes outside fell on Song Ling's face. They hesitated, not knowing what to do. It wasn't appropriate for them to shoot Song Ling directly, so they could only look at Wright, who was standing not far away, for help.

Seeing Qiao Nian walk over, they even considerately gave up their seats.

Qiao Nian walked over to Gu Zhou. Her gaze fell on Wright's face and she said coldly, "You won't let your men put down their guns?"

Wright looked at Qiao Nian coldly. Not only had he failed to take down Gu Zhou, but he had also fallen into a passive state.

Wright frowned tightly. He had never expected to not be able to hit Gu Zhou, so he took out his gun and aimed it at Qiao Nian. He said coldly, "Do you really think I can't beat you? Heh, I just wanted to have fun with you. Now, I'm not playing anymore. Do you think you can threaten me just by catching a woman? You're too naive!"

With that, Wright glanced at Song Ling and said disdainfully, "Women like her are everywhere in the entire manor. What's wrong? Do you think I care about her life?"