Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1688 Just a Plaything

When Qiao Nian heard Wright's words, she couldn't help but laugh. Her beautiful fox-like eyes were tinged with brightness, and her lips curved up slightly. "Wright, is she really an ordinary woman?"

When Wright heard Qiao Nian's words, his expression didn't change. He said calmly, "Of course!"

"Do you really think I don't know her identity?" As she spoke, Qiao Nian pressed her dagger hard against the woman's neck. Soon, a trace of blood appeared.

When Wright saw this, his expression changed slightly. He tried hard to remain calm and hurriedly said, "She's just one of my father's toys. My father has many toys."

When Qiao Nian heard Wright's words, the smile in her eyes instantly disappeared. She looked at Wright coldly. "I didn't expect the Earl's plaything to have an exclusive cloakroom that is hundreds of square meters. Her bedroom is even connected to the gold room. The Earl actually has many such playthings? Does this mean that the Earl still has many gold rooms?"

Qiao Nian's eyes instantly turned cold. She raised her dagger again. More and more blood flowed down the woman's neck.

The woman felt the pain in her neck and only touched her brow gently. Soon, she regained her composure.

Wright's gaze fell on Song Ling's neck. He pursed his lips and frowned. It seemed that Qiao Nian wasn't easy to fool at all. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Seeing that Wright was silent, Qiao Nian looked at him coldly and said sternly, "We're preparing to leave now. As long as we can leave safely, I'll spare her life!"

Wright stood there with a dark expression. He was like a wolf that had been hungry for a long time. When he saw his prey, he stared fiercely, unwilling to let go.

Qiao Nian led Gu Zhou to the back. The two of them walked to the stairs, threatening the woman as they walked up.

Seeing that Wright had followed her again, Qiao Nian said with a dark expression, "I advise you to stay here obediently. Your life isn't as valuable as hers."

"Let go of her!" Wright shouted in exasperation, clenching his fists tightly.

"We know much more than you do. Stand where you are and don't move!" With that, Qiao Nian led Gu Zhou and the woman upstairs.

She and Gu Zhou had come to the basement to look for this woman. Now that they had found this woman, they could leave.

However, she couldn't be sure what role this woman had played in the kidnapping twenty-one years ago.

But judging from Wright's reaction, this woman should be very important.

As Qiao Nian thought about this, her gaze fell on the woman's hair falling off her shoulder. Without a trace, she placed a strand of hair in her palm and continued walking up expressionlessly.

The reason why she and Gu Zhou didn't take the elevator was because they didn't want Wright to get someone to control it.

Just as Qiao Nian and Gu Zhou walked out of the basement, they saw that Wright and his guards had already come out. They stood in front of them, blocking their way.

Qiao Nian smiled disdainfully. Her gaze fell on Wright's face and she said, "I don't think you can make the decision. In that case, you can get the person in charge to come over!"

Qiao Nian's words implied that Wright was like a dog by Mark's side. A dog had no right to speak beside its master. All they could do was listen to their master's arrangements obediently.

Wright naturally understood what Qiao Nian meant. He clenched his fists tightly and looked at Qiao Nian with a dark expression. He yearned to tear Qiao Nian into pieces.

He picked up his pistol and aimed it at Qiao Nian's face, wanting to blow her head off. Then, he would use a knife to cut off Qiao Nian's flesh piece by piece before taking all of the pieces to feed a dog.

Then, he would turn Qiao Nian's internal organs into food and give it to Gu Zhou, forcing him to eat them all. He would make the two of them disappear from this world.

The atmosphere instantly froze.