Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1689 Be Careful

Qiao Nian gripped the dagger in her hand tightly. She knew that Gu Zhou had already sent a message to the president. The president would probably arrive soon. After all, the president wouldn't miss such a good opportunity to snatch the gold room.

She glanced at Gu Zhou beside her. She and Gu Zhou were now in a dangerous situation. Whether it was the president or Lin Mian, as long as one of them could rush over, they would be safe.

After all, they wouldn't be able to last long under the current circumstances.

Although Qiao Nian was very worried, she didn't show it on her face.

At this moment, a group of footsteps came from not far away. The sound was vast.

Everyone looked over and saw Mark walking over with a few guards.

Mark's gaze fell on Song Ling's face. He moved his gaze expressionlessly to Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian. "I heard that you're looking for me?"

When Wright saw Mark coming over, his heart, which had been in his throat, instantly settled down. His fierce look disappeared, and his gaze became docile, like a fierce dog facing its master.

Wright quickly walked over to Mark and explained the current situation in a few words.

Gu Zhou's gaze fell on Mark's face. He walked over to Qiao Nian and said in a voice that only the two of them could hear, "Be careful."

Qiao Nian nodded slightly.

Song Ling, who was being held hostage by Qiao Nian, looked at Gu Zhou. A complicated look flashed in her eyes, then she looked away.

Mark's gaze was fixed on Qiao Nian's face. After hearing Wright's words, he walked up to Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian with a majestic aura.

He exuded a powerful aura. For a moment, Qiao Nian couldn't help but feel nervous.

Qiao Nian had a feeling that she was being targeted by Mark. It was as if she could no longer escape.

Qiao Nian looked at Gu Zhou uneasily.

Gu Zhou stood there calmly, as if he did not feel the pressure from Mark at all. He exuded a cold and noble aura, as if he was unwilling to let anyone approach him.

Even standing in front of the powerful Mark, Gu Zhou could still maintain his composure.

At this moment, Mark said, "I didn't expect us to meet again. It's as if every time we meet, you can give me a different surprise."

Mark's voice was calm and indifferent. No one could see his emotions clearly. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

His gaze fell on Qiao Nian's face. He narrowed his eyes and enunciated each word clearly. "You're like a fly. You make me feel annoyed!"

Qiao Nian's pupils constricted involuntarily. It was as if she was being stared at by a wild beast, and she couldn't move.

She suddenly had a bold thought.

Could it be that Mark didn't care if this woman lived or died?

If that was the case, she and Gu Zhou might…

That wasn't right either. If Mark really didn't care about this woman, how could he be with her for more than twenty years?

Moreover, if Mark really didn't care about this woman, Wright might have attacked directly just now instead of being threatened by them.

Gu Zhou sensitively noticed Qiao Nian's nervousness. He gently wrapped his arm around Qiao Nian's waist, as if comforting her so that she wouldn't be afraid.

Qiao Nian quickly calmed down. Her eyes turned cold. She gripped the dagger in her hand tightly again and asked lightly, "In this state, do you plan to…"

Before Qiao Nian could finish speaking, the woman she was threatening slammed her elbow into her stomach.

Qiao Nian's expression changed. Just as she was about to resist, she noticed that the woman had used her other arm to slash at her head.

So she was a martial artist.

Qiao Nian really hadn't expected this woman to be so skilled. She actually had the ability to resist when she was holding her hostage.

The dagger in her hand slashed towards Song Ling's arm, but she didn't expect Song Ling to dodge her attack agilely.

Qiao Nian had been practicing martial arts since she was young. Her skills were already outstanding, but she wasn't able to take Song Ling down. Her fist smashed into Song Ling's face, but she didn't expect Song Ling to turn around and avoid Qiao Nian's attack.

Seeing this, Gu Zhou attacked Song Ling directly. However, he had never expected Song Ling to circle to the other side of Qiao Nian and avoid his attack.