Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1690 Different Sides

Song Ling knew very well that neither Gu Zhou nor Qiao Nian would kill her.

It was precisely because of this that she nimbly dodged Qiao Nian and Gu Zhou's attacks and then retreated to Mark's side.

Song Ling gently tucked her hair behind her ear and looked at Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian with a smug smile.

Qiao Nian couldn't help but grip the knife in her hand tightly. Previously, she had caught Song Ling without any effort, so she had never expected Song Ling to be so skilled.

It was precisely because of this that she was not on guard against Song Ling at all.

The weak Song Ling suddenly attacked. Qiao Nian was caught off guard.

Qiao Nian wanted to stand in front of Gu Zhou, but Gu Zhou pulled her behind him. She looked at Gu Zhou's tall back, and her eyes couldn't help but turn red.

If she hadn't been careless, they wouldn't have lost such an important hostage.

Now that they had no hostage, they had no conditions to negotiate with Mark.

Mark turned to look at Song Ling and nodded slightly.

Song Ling's lips curved up happily. She turned to leave, as if she had thought of something. She turned back to look at Qiao Nian, her eyes filled with complicated emotions.

The happiest person now was Wright, who was beside Mark. Wright had not hit Gu Zhou just now, and then he had been ridiculed by Qiao Nian in front of so many people. He finally had a chance to regain his dignity.

Wright took a step forward smugly and raised his eyebrows at Qiao Nian, who was not far away. He smiled disdainfully and said, "I heard that Country Z is filled with experts. Now, it seems that it's not much. The two of you will finally die at my hands!"

As he spoke, Wright took the gun from the guard beside him and aimed it at Gu Zhou's face without hesitation.

Compared to Gu Zhou, he hated Qiao Nian more. If Qiao Nian hadn't interfered, he would have married Lina long ago. A scheming woman like Qiao Nian was too annoying.

However, Gu Zhou was now blocking Qiao Nian tightly.

Wright's lips curved up slightly. His gaze fell on Gu Zhou's face and he said with a smile, "Gu Zhou, do you think Qiao Nian won't have to die just because you're in her way? Let me tell you, both of you will die here today. However, I'll give the two of you a chance. You can discuss carefully who will die first!"

Gu Zhou didn't even look at Wright. His gaze was still on Mark's face as he said lightly, "The Earl's basement is really priceless. Looks like you've saved up a lot of treasures!" T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

When Mark heard Gu Zhou's words, his expression instantly darkened.

No one knew that he had a basement. How did Gu Zhou know?

Seeing Mark frown slightly, Gu Zhou smiled and said, "I think you must be very curious about why I know this."

"That's true. If I didn't tell you, the people after me might have take all the wealth in your basement away!" Gu Zhou's lips curved up slightly, but his smile didn't reach his eyes.

Mark looked at Gu Zhou coldly.

Wright, who was standing at the side, was furious. He had not hit Gu Zhou just now, and now Gu Zhou had openly ignored him. The more he thought about it, the angrier he became. Holding the gun in his hand, he approached Gu Zhou. "You don't understand what I'm saying. I…"

Wright loaded the gun. He felt that Gu Zhou did not take him seriously at all. He would let Gu Zhou understand now that he was not afraid of Gu Zhou at all. He could take their lives at any time!

At this moment, a hand pressed against his gun.

Wright followed the hand and saw that Mark had stopped him. He hurriedly lowered the gun in his hand.

Mark looked at Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian with a dark expression, his voice carrying a hint of anger.

Even so, he still admired Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian.

If the two of them were by his side, his great undertaking would have succeeded long ago. There would have been no need to be so passive.

Unfortunately, they were on different sides.

"Mr. Gu, I really admire your courage and your wife's. The two of you are really lawless and proficient in scheming. How dare the two of you secretly investigate me at the engagement banquet!"

"Moreover, the two of you easily dealt with my stupid son and played him."

Mark's expression darkened.