Chapter 1691 Stupid Son

Stupid son!

Wright felt terrible!

How was he stupid? He was clearly so smart. How could he be stupid?

But Wright didn't dare to refute Mark. He could only protest quietly.

Mark looked at Gu Zhou in front of him. Not only was this young man good-looking, but he was also very smart. He always admired such people the most.

Mark's lips curved up slightly as he said calmly, "Since you've already seen what's in the basement, it means that you should know my strength very well. Why don't you work for me directly?"

"Father!"

Wright cried out in panic. Was he going to lose favor?

Wright looked at Mark beside him, but Mark didn't even give him a look of charity.

Wright felt even worse. He pursed his lips tightly and did not speak. His eyes gradually turned red as he gritted his teeth and looked at Gu Zhou not far away.

On what basis?

How could an invalid like Gu Zhou be admired by Mark?

All these years, he had been by his father's side, working hard to accomplish everything his father had asked him to do. He had already worked very hard. Why didn't his father care much about him?

Wright would probably never understand the difference between a naturally smart person and a stupid person like him.

"I can give you more benefits and let you enjoy endless glory and wealth. If you don't want this, you can ask for something else. I'll try my best to satisfy you." The gloom on Mark's face gradually disappeared, and his eyes gradually softened.

Wright listened to Mark's gentle words. He looked at Mark in disbelief.

He was raised by his father. Was his father going to abandon him?

It made sense. His father had easily abandoned Annie, and Annie was even his biological daughter.

He was just an adopted son.

At the engagement banquet, he was beaten up by Chen Qing. He wanted to hit him back, but he was no match for Chen Qing.

Chen Qing was just a bodyguard, but Gu Zhou had a high status. Not only that, but Gu Zhou's skills were also better. Gu Zhou was also smart and courageous.

If Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian both followed their father, wouldn't he lose even more status?

Wright's eyes were filled with ruthlessness. If he had known that Song Ling would escape from Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian, he wouldn't have said so much nonsense. He would have shot Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian dead!

He gritted his teeth and looked at Gu Zhou.

If he were Gu Zhou, he would definitely agree to the suggestion, because no one wanted to die.

Ignoring Gu Zhou's obstruction, Qiao Nian walked out from behind him. Her beautiful fox-like eyes were cunning. She smiled and asked, "The Earl wants to let us live?"

Wright looked at Qiao Nian's smile, and his eyes gradually dimmed. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Qiao Nian turned to look at Gu Zhou again and said lightly, "I think the Earl just wants to know the power behind us from us. In other words, he wants to know more about the president."

Qiao Nian looked at Mark fearlessly. Seeing that Mark was still expressionless, she smiled and said, "When we say everything we know, the Earl will definitely kick us to the curb when we've outlived our usefulness. He'll kill us directly because it's easy for us to rebel. People like us aren't trustworthy. The Earl is such a cautious person. He definitely won't keep a person who's easy to betray around."

Previously, Wright had been so angry that he wanted to kill Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian. Now that he heard Qiao Nian's analysis, he instantly understood and nodded slightly.

Qiao Nian was right. Her father might really just want to know more about the president before killing them.

He looked at Qiao Nian, his eyes filled with coldness.

Qiao Nian was a stranger. She had only interacted with her father a few times, but she could easily tell him what he was thinking. She seemed to be very good at reading people.

Mark stuffed a hand into his pocket, his expression darkening. He hadn't expected Qiao Nian to read his mind.

In that case, let the two of them go to hell!

Mark turned around and said coldly in a low voice, "Kill them!"

When Wright heard Mark's words, he was elated.