Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1692 Shoot

He could finally kill these two annoying people.

Wright's lips curved up slightly. He finally didn't have to worry about the two of them causing trouble again.

He could finally return all the humiliation he had suffered.

Wright raised his gun and was about to fire when he heard footsteps behind him.

Wright's mind was filled with thoughts of killing Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian. However, the more anxious he was, the more his hands trembled. He couldn't aim at the two of them no matter what.

In a rage, Wright fired two shots. However, Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian dodged both shots.

At this moment, an anxious voice came from behind. "Don't shoot!"

If he couldn't kill Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian now, these two people would probably cause trouble in the future. Wright looked at the guards beside him and said loudly, "Why are you all standing there stupidly? Shoot! Don't leave anyone alive!"

Wright was already furious, but the surrounding guards were still very calm. They could tell that it was the president who had spoken just now, so they all held their guns and did not dare to move.

Wright's eyes were red with anger. He glared at the guards angrily and panted heavily. Seeing that they did not dare to fire, he held the gun in his hand and planned to continue firing.

However, he had just fired a shot when he heard a sharp voice. Only then did he notice that there were no more bullets in the pistol. His hands trembled as he reloaded.

At this moment, he was kicked away.

Wright looked at his opponent with a dark expression, then at the person standing in front of him in disbelief.

Before he could speak, the gun in his hand had been taken away by the president's guard.

He noticed that the president was looking at him with cold eyes, as if he was looking at trash.

At this moment, Wright finally came back to his senses. Only then did he reply. The person who had just said "Don't shoot!" was the president.

Oh my god, when did the president arrive!

Wright stood up in a panic and said awkwardly, "Mr. President, why… why are you here?"

The president's gaze fell on Wright's face. He yearned to tear Wright into pieces, but Wright was someone close to Mark. He couldn't attack casually.

His cold gaze moved away from Wright and looked at Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian not far away. His eyes instantly softened, and his tone was filled with concern. He asked anxiously, "How are you? Are you injured?"

He had just received a video of the gold room from Gu Zhou and was stunned. He had never expected Mark to be so rich. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

It was precisely because of this that he began to contact people to come to the basement. Suddenly, he noticed Mark leaving in a hurry with his guards.

When he rushed over, he heard a gunshot. He was so frightened that his heart was in his throat.

If it weren't for Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian, he would have been eaten up by Mark long ago, and his family would have been gone.

Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian were actually the saviors of his entire family.

Gu Zhou shook his head gently. His gaze fell on the president's face. "We're fine."

As he spoke, he couldn't help but put his arm around Qiao Nian's waist and pull her into his arms. He looked coldly at Wright, who was not far away.

His obsidian eyes were filled with hostility. He yearned to kill Wright.

If Qiao Nian was slightly injured, he would definitely torture Wright to death without hesitation!

Qiao Nian smiled at Gu Zhou, her voice as gentle as ever. "You were really amazing just now."

Gu Zhou dodged the bullets very quickly, which was why Wright missed every shot.

When Gu Zhou heard Qiao Nian's words and saw the bright smile on her face, the ruthlessness in his eyes gradually disappeared. He gently ruffled her hair.

She was really bold. She was not afraid of anything.

Fortunately, tonight was a close shave.

Seeing that Gu Zhou's expression had improved, Qiao Nian smiled at the president and said, "Don't worry, we're all fine."

The President looked at the calm expressions of the two of them, as if they weren't targets just now. Could it be that the gunmen in their country were so lousy that Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian could easily dodge them?

The president heaved a sigh of relief. Fortunately, it was only Wright who had fired.