Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1693 Rebellion

If the guards around Wright fired as well, he didn't know if Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian would…

It was better not to think about such a terrifying thing. Since the two of them were fine, that was good.

The president heaved a sigh of relief.

Mark didn't makeit far. When he saw the president approaching, his expression darkened. His voice was angry. "This is my private place. Who gave you permission to come?"

The president looked at Mark's angry face. He knew in his heart that he had stepped on Mark's tail. His eyes instantly turned cold. His voice was calm as he said, "My men are here. I'm here to pick them up."

At this moment, Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian walked over to the president.

Mark had been on the battlefield for a long time and was used to seeing too much life and death wars. Therefore, no matter what happened, he would not be afraid.

Mark's lips curved up slightly, and there was a smile in his eyes. His gaze fell on the president's face.

He had wanted his stupid brother to live for a few more days, but now his brother was courting death.

Then don't blame him for being impolite.

With this thought in mind, Mark said calmly, "In that case, all of you can die here!"

As soon as Mark finished speaking, everyone standing at the side was stunned. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Not only was the President stunned, but even Wright was stunned. All the guards in Mark's residence were stunned.

There was a thought in everyone's minds. Mark was rebelling.

The President stood there calmly, his blue eyes narrowing slightly.

Mark's gaze lingered on the president, Qiao Nian, and Gu Zhou. He smiled and said, "This is my territory. If you die here, no one will know. Don't worry, my dear brother, I'll definitely turn you to dust!"

Wright stood at the side, forgetting to breathe. His pupils dilated uncontrollably.

Oh my god!

He had long known that his father was very ambitious. His father had always been working with foreign forces and had even obtained many forces from small countries.

In the country, his father had roped in many people because he wanted to take over the president's power and turn him into a puppet. His father was the true head of Europe.

If he killed the president, his father would become the new president of Europe.

However, many things were complicated. In order to sit firmly in the position of president, his father had asked him to get engaged to Lina.

This time, Mark's thoughts were very simple. There were many people in the manor today. Even if the president died, it would be normal. After all, there were still many countries that were at odds with Europe. It was normal for those representatives to assassinate the president.

If the president died and he became president, he would start searching for the culprit who had killed his stupid brother. As long as this matter dragged on, it would become an unsolved case in the future.

Even if someone internationally was curious about this matter, as long as he made them shut up, there would be no problem.

To Mark, the president's appearance here was equivalent to sending himself to his death.

With that, Mark saw Wright standing there in a daze. A trace of displeasure flashed in his eyes. He didn't like Wright's silly expression. After all, he needed someone smarter and more capable.

However, there were advantages to being stupid. He could easily control Wright.

Mark walked over to Wright and picked up a gun from the guard beside him. He stuffed it directly into Wright's hand and helped him raise the gun.

Gradually, the gun was aimed at the president.

Qiao Nian's eyes instantly turned cold. Instinctively, she wanted to step forward, but the president stopped her.

Qiao Nian looked at the president in confusion and met his clear eyes. There was no trace of anxiety in the president's eyes.

Qiao Nian seemed to understand what the president was thinking. She silently took a step back. It seemed that she was flustered.

Just as the gun was aimed at the president's chest, footsteps came from not far away. Mark froze, his gaze falling on the president's face.

The president laughed softly and said gently, "You think I only brought my own people here? Mark, aren't you a little too naive?"