Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1694 Surprise

Mark's expression froze. He pursed his lips tightly. Just as he was about to say something, he saw a large group of foreign guests walking over.

Mark let go of Wright's hand. In a panic, Wright lowered the gun in his hand and reached out to cover his chest, looking terrified.

When the foreign guests passed by, they were all stunned by the entrance to the basement. They quickly walked over.

"Oh my god, what's in there?"

"I really want to see a world-renowned painting."

"That's a masterpiece by the master of root carving!"

As the foreign guests spoke, they walked up to Mark and the president and looked into the basement not far away.

"I thought Earl Mark's residence was already magnificent. I didn't expect there to be so many treasures in the basement!"

"Is this a basement? No, I think this can even be called a museum!"

"Yes, what's inside are divine works of art that many designers yearn to see!"

…

Mark glared at the president, who was standing not far away. He hadn't expected the president to bring all the foreign guests over.

They looked at the messy furniture at the door and exclaimed, "Oh my god, what's going on? Earl, why is this furniture broken?"

When Mark heard their words, a gentle smile appeared on his face. He said softly, "It's nothing. The servants accidentally damaged the furniture, so Wright and I brought someone over to fix it."

One of the foreign representatives expressed his understanding and said, "No wonder you didn't look well just now and left in a hurry. So that's why. However, this basement is filled with precious artwork. Those people won't be able to afford it! Thank you for letting us admire these artworks!"

It had to be known that many world-renowned works were priceless. Many museums did not have those things.

When Mark heard that person's words, the corner of his mouth twitched, but the smile on his face did not diminish at all. He tried hard to calm down, but his eyes were still as cold as ice.

He looked at the president with a dark expression and gritted his teeth as he threatened. "President, didn't I tell you before that I would bring them over personally later?"

The president looked at Mark's defeated expression and smiled happily. He gently patted Mark's shoulder and saw that he was panting heavily with anger.

Mark looked at the president in front of him with a fake smile. In front of foreign guests, the brothers had to maintain harmony, so no matter what the president did, he could only endure it.

The President's eyes were filled with laughter as he said, "I know what you're thinking. You want to tidy up this place before inviting those people in. However, I just realized that everyone had almost finished drinking. Everyone was quite bored up there, so I brought them over. Brother, you won't blame me, right!"

As the president spoke, he walked up to the first representative who entered the basement. From the corner of his eye, he glanced at Qiao Nian and Gu Zhou.

Qiao Nian naturally walked to the wall at the side and turned a little. An elevator appeared in front of them.

Mark thought that these people would be satisfied after seeing the simple artworks on this floor. He never expected Qiao Nian to directly reveal the elevators leading to the first and second basement levels. Didn't that mean that these representatives would know that there were at least three floors here?

After Qiao Nian was done, she walked over to Gu Zhou and whispered into his ear, "I really didn't expect the president to have such a pretentious side."

From Qiao Nian and Gu Zhou's angle, they could see Mark's expression clearly.

Mark's face had turned red at first, then green with anger. Now that he was about to explode with anger, his face was completely black.

Mark's expression changed in a heartbeat!

Qiao Nian saw Mark turn to look at the representatives of the various countries. There was a gentle smile on his face as he welcomed them warmly. "The president is being considerate. We can't thank you enough. Why would we blame you? After this engagement banquet, I even prepared a thank-you gift for you!" ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Towards the end, Mark gritted his teeth!