Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1695 Fueling the Fire

Mark looked at the president not far away, his eyes were filled with ruthlessness, as if warning the president to speak properly or else he would be impolite.

Qiao Nian's beautiful fox-like eyes flashed. Her lips curved up slightly as she said in a low voice, "Alright, I'll add fuel to the fire. Let the fire burn more fiercely!" Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Qiao Nian's thoughts were very simple. Now that they were already arch-enemies with Mark, why should they care what Mark thought? They should continue to sow hatred!

Gu Zhou saw the smile in Qiao Nian's eyes and roughly understood what she was thinking. His lips curved up slightly as he nodded.

His eyes were filled with doting love. No matter what Qiao Nian did, he would support her!

"Thank you gift?" Qiao Nian placed her hands behind her back and took a step forward.

Her clear voice instantly attracted the attention of many people. Everyone looked at Qiao Nian's face and gasped.

Previously, when Qiao Nian and the Seventh Princess, Lina appeared at the wedding together, they had already felt that Qiao Nian was already as beautiful as a fairy.

However, at that time, they had only glanced at Qiao Nian from afar. Now that they had the chance to look at Qiao Nian up close, they couldn't help but take a few more glances.

Beautiful things and people would always attract attention.

Qiao Nian's gaze lingered on Mark's face. She noticed that everyone was looking at her. The smile on her face grew brighter and brighter. Puzzled, she said, "Earl, didn't you already give the president a thank-you gift just now? I reckon only you can afford that kind of thank-you gift in the world!"

When the representatives of the various countries heard Qiao Nian's words, their eyes were filled with curiosity. They really wanted to know what kind of thank-you gift Earl Mark had given the president. Why couldn't anyone else take it out?

Mark was also a little confused. He had no idea what Qiao Nian was talking about, and his eyes were filled with confusion.

Qiao Nian smiled and asked, "Is the Earl's memory that bad? How did he forget so quickly?"

Mark didn't want to bother with Qiao Nian. He wanted to invite the representatives for a tour.

However, the representative standing beside Mark asked curiously, "Earl, what thank-you gift have you prepared for the president? Tell us."

Mark was confused. What f*cking thank-you gift? I don't know what thank-you gift is!

However, Mark couldn't skip the topic at all. Everyone was looking at him, so he could only look at Qiao Nian. "How about you tell them!"

"Just now, the Earl said that he wanted the President to die here!" With a sweet smile on her face, Qiao Nian continued, "He even wanted my husband and me to die here too!"

As soon as Qiao Nian finished speaking, everyone's expressions changed. They looked at Mark and the president with complicated expressions.

To be honest, they didn't think Qiao Nian would lie. A young lady who could be the princess's bridesmaid couldn't be a lunatic. There was only one possibility. Everything she said was true!

Mark was so angry that his nostrils flared and he panted heavily. He looked at Qiao Nian sinisterly, his forehead throbbing violently.

Wright, who had just instructed someone to tidy up the broken furniture, instantly turned pale.

How could she say such things casually?

But now, Wright was so frightened that he was covered in cold sweat. His brain had crashed again, and he didn't know what to say.

Qiao Nian didn't seem to notice the gazes of the people around her. She added fuel to the fire and continued, "Earl, are you denying it?"

Suppressing his anger, Mark pursed his lips slightly and said nothing.

Qiao Nian's eyes were filled with confusion. She asked, "Could it be that Europe is already very open-minded now? People can say whatever they want?"

Qiao Nian was very close to Mark. She could clearly see the hair on Mark's face stand up in anger. His eyes were filled with anger, as if he wanted to burn Qiao Nian to ashes the next moment.

However, Mark had always maintained his rationality. He knew that there were many representatives of other countries here. Even if he killed the president and took over now, it would be public knowledge. He might be resisted by the entire world.

He didn't want the good image he had been working so hard to maintain to be ruined just like that, nor did he want to be written in the history books as an Earl despised by everyone.