Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1696  Just Joking

Mark tried hard to suppress the rampaging emotions in his body. He didn't want all his years of hard work to be ruined just like that.

The president looked at Mark's exasperated but helpless expression and couldn't help but smile. To be honest, ever since he became president, he had never been as happy as he was now.

This was simply too satisfying!

The president couldn't help but smile. He had never felt so happy before.

Seeing that Mark was about to regain his composure, the president seemed to have thought of something. He frowned and said seriously, "If I remember correctly, the third rule of the national law states that if anyone offends the president's dignity, they will be thrown into prison and their identity and title will be deposed. All their assets will be confiscated and they would be demoted to refugees!"

Although he was only cooperating with Qiao Nian on purpose, the coldness in his eyes when he looked at Mark showed his true feelings.

One day, he would definitely reduce Mark to a refugee. When that happened, he would be the real president of Europe and no longer an empty president.

If Mark really cared about the people, he felt that it didn't matter if Mark became president.

But what had Mark done?

How many officials who had always supported his father had been killed by Mark?

When there was a snow disaster in other areas, Mark took the opportunity to make a fortune.

History would definitely be fair to show who the true president of Europe was.

When Wright heard the president's words, he gripped the pistol in his hand tightly again, as if he would shoot in the next moment and prepared for war.

He knew very well that the president was telling the truth and not joking.

Wright's mind raced. He wondered how many of the president's men were outside. If they fought the president, would they be attacked from both sides?

He couldn't understand why the president had the upper hand when they clearly had the upper hand previously.

How strange!

Wright's gaze fell on Mark's face, as if he would charge at Mark's command.

Mark was only stunned for a moment. Then, he laughed heartily and gently patted the president's shoulder. He said gently, "Oh, my dear brother, what are you talking about? She's just a young lady who doesn't understand the relationship between us brothers. Why? Do you still want to continue joking?"

As Mark spoke, he put his arm around the president's shoulder and led him in. He said gently to the representatives of the various countries, "Brother, where do you think we should start the tour?"

Previously, the president had said that he wanted to bring representatives of the various countries to tour the basement, so he continued acting according to the president's words.

Actually, he was also digging another hole for the President. If the President refused, it meant that he was deliberately using the representatives of the various countries.

A president who lied would leave a bad impression on the representatives of various countries. It was not conducive to the president's international standing. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

The president quickly reacted. His lips curved up as he said with a smile, "Miss Qiao and I were just joking."

Both the president and Mark smiled very hypocritically.

Qiao Nian stood between the two of them and could clearly feel the smoke between them. It seemed that the president and Mark were already irreconcilable.

Wright's heart, which had been in his throat, finally settled down. He smiled and explained to the envoys, "Actually, my father and the president have always liked to play gunfights. They always have to stay alert at any time. This is good for their health. Whether it's leading troops to war or handling national politics in the future, they'll be more energetic. Miss Qiao, this is probably the first time you've heard their jokes, so you don't understand. Miss Qiao, if you don't understand in the future, you can ask me."

Towards the end, Wright's gaze fell on Qiao Nian's face and he gritted his teeth.

Qiao Nian smiled at Wright and nodded. "Alright, I hope Prince Wright will tell me everything he knows!"

Wright was speechless.

The representatives of the various countries were not ordinary people. They were all elites of their countries and were also smart. Their IQ and EQ were far superior to others. They could naturally tell that there was a silent conflict between the European president and Earl Mark.