Chapter 1697  Being Childlike

However, the current situation was special. They couldn't talk about the truth directly, so they all pretended to help smooth things over.

"I didn't expect the president to have such a good relationship with Earl Mark and be so childlike!"

"That's right. The outside world is really reporting nonsense. In my opinion, those lying media outlets better not report nonsense."

"Yes, seeing is believing. It's better not to believe the media reports in the future!"

…

The representatives of the various countries laughed along. They wanted to muddle through this matter, so no one mentioned it again.

Mark heaved a sigh of relief. His gaze fell on Qiao Nian's face not far away. His eyes were vicious, and he yearned to attack Qiao Nian.

Qiao Nian wasn't the only one. The president and Gu Zhou weren't worthy of living in this world either.

However, now was not the time. He would let them exist for two more days.

With a bright smile on his face, Mark said happily, "Alright, let's continue to visit the museum I've built. I hope everyone likes it!"

Everyone present felt that this matter was over. After all, the president only had the name of the president and did not have the strength of a president. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

However, Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian knew in their hearts that they had encountered many dangers in the basement this time. If it weren't for the right time, place, and people tonight, they might have been killed by Mark long ago.

Under such circumstances, how could the president let Mark off?

Their gazes fell on the president's face. They thought that the president would follow them in to take a look, but they did not expect him to step forward and stop the people walking in. "Wait!"

The president slowly walked up to Mark and pointed at the stairs beside the elevator. He smiled and said, "My dear brother, have you forgotten something? Didn't we discuss it long ago? We'll start from the basement level one. That way, we can visit the top later. After all…"

The president paused for a moment and continued, "After all, there are more carvings on the upper floor and more good things below."

Mark's expression froze.

The president smiled and helped Mark straighten his collar. Smiling, he said, "Look, you're overjoyed today. Alright, let's go this way."

The smile on Mark's face froze. Then his entire body almost collapsed. He followed the president down.

This spiral staircase was at the side. Previously, it had been blocked by a statue. Qiao Nian and Gu Zhou had come out from there just now.

Mark looked coldly at Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian, who were not far away. If it weren't for these two people, how could the president have known that his goods were on the first and second basement floors?

Following Gu Zhou's previous message, the president led everyone downstairs.

Mark's expression grew uglier and uglier. He couldn't reveal the gold room because…

Even if he was angry, there was nothing he could do. After all, the president had already mentioned it and he couldn't continue to refute the president now.

The president walked towards the gold room in a good mood. This was the first time he had been so happy. The smile on his face was very sincere as he looked at Qiao Nian.

Qiao Nian instantly understood. With a bright smile on her face, she took Gu Zhou's hand and said gently, "Previously, the president and the Earl sent us here to plan the route of the exhibition. Now, we'll lead the way for you.

Mark wanted to find a chance to stop them, but when he heard Qiao Nian's words, his expression instantly darkened.

Along the way, they saw many world-renowned masterpieces. The representatives of the various countries were all amazed.

Mark stood in the corner, his scarlet eyes like those of a wild beast. Hatred surged in his head, and he clenched his fists tightly.

Wright was standing beside Mark. When he noticed that Mark was really angry, he hurriedly explained in a low voice, "When we came in, they had already discovered the gold room, and they had already reached basement level two, so I wanted to kill them just now!"

Hearing Wright's words, Mark's eyes grew colder and colder. He looked at Wright viciously and questioned in a low voice, "Are you blaming me for realizing it too late?"

All of them turned the corner. No one noticed that the two of them were still standing there.

Seeing that Mark was angry, Wright knelt on the ground with a plop. He said in a panic, "No, it's my fault. I didn't keep a close eye on Gu Zhou. I…"