Chapter 1698  Exasperated

Mark picked Wright up by the collar. His eyes were filled with anger as he approached Wright's face and enunciated each word clearly. "Do you know the value of the gold room?"

Wright trembled slightly, not daring to look at Mark's face.

"The gold room. I've spent an uncountable amount of money that you won't be able to get in this life. If they find out about it now, what do you think the president will do?" Mark questioned through gritted teeth.

Wright trembled, his collar was being pressed down so hard on his neck that he couldn't breathe. His breathing became difficultl. He said carefully, "Father, just say that I'm responsible for the gold room. I'll bear everything!"

Mark shook Wright off. His expression was dark, but his anger did not subside at all. He said in a low voice, "In my residence, are you trying to say that these things have nothing to do with me? Who are you lying to? Do you think they're all so stupid? Looks like I'm not strict enough with you to make you so careless!"

When Wright heard this, he knelt on the ground and kowtowed to Mark again and again. He said with a sobbing voice, "Father, it's all my fault. Don't be angry. Give me another chance. I-I'll definitely hold Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian's heads to atone for my sins!"

When Mark heard the words "Gu Zhou" and "Qiao Nian", he thought of Annie again. His gaze fell on Wright's face again and he said mockingly, "Wright, you still don't understand. You're far inferior to Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian. You think you can kill them, but in reality, they will be killing you!"

Mark turned around and walked towards the corner. As if he had thought of something, he turned back to look at Wright, who was about to follow him. With a serious expression, he said, "You don't have to follow me."

"Father." Wright looked at Mark with tears streaming down his face. When he met Mark's cold eyes, he was so frightened that he was about to suffocate. It was as if he was alone in a dark house and would never see any light again.

Mark left directly. His eyes were filled with coldness as he strode towards the gold room.

When he walked to the gold room, he saw that those people were looking at the room that was full of things. All of them were so shocked that they couldn't speak.

He had two golden rooms. The golden room on the second basement floor had just been filled with some items. This golden room was the most valuable room.

When the representatives of the various countries saw Mark coming over, they all exchanged glances. A bold representative asked, "Lord Earl, can I touch it?"

Before Mark could speak, the bold representative continued, "Nightlight cups. I like nightlight cups the most. This is so valuable. I've only seen it in books in the past, but I've never seen it with my own eyes." ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

The other representatives looked at Mark eagerly. They did not dare to touch the things inside casually, afraid that they would offend Earl Mark.

Out of the corner of his eye, Mark glanced at the contents of the gold room. He had worked hard to collect those things to build a better country.

Every item here was his darling. He really didn't want anyone to touch them, because he would come over every day to take a look at them when he was about to sleep.

Qiao Nian stood beside Gu Zhou and looked at the pain on Mark's face. His heart ached, but he looked helpless. It was really hilarious.

Qiao Nian turned to Gu Zhou and said, "Look, it's so hard for him to hold back now. His heart must be aching terribly, but it's not appropriate for him to show it in front of so many people."

Gu Zhou wrapped his arm around Qiao Nian's waist, a hint of a smile in his eyes. He looked like he was watching a good show. Smiling, he said, "He already can't stand it when people are looking at his treasures. He definitely can't bear for them to touch the items. I think the president will definitely take drastic measures."

Qiao Nian's eyes were filled with smiles. She and Gu Zhou stood at the side, waiting to watch a good show with Mark.

Although she had been amazed when she first entered the gold room, she was already indifferent now. She just wanted to watch the show between the president and Mark.

At that moment, the president stepped out of the crowd and began his performance.

The president walked over to Mark and said with a smile, "I think everyone is curious about what's in this room!"