Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1699  Treasury

When everyone heard the president's words, they stared unblinkingly at him.

Mark's eyelids twitched. He had a bad feeling about this. His expression darkened slightly as he looked at the president warily.

He was about to interrupt the President, but he did not expect him to speak. "My dear brother, today is the engagement day of the Seventh Princess of Europe, my daughter Lina. It's such a festive day. We're bringing representatives of various countries to visit our national treasury. You don't have to be so shy!"

Mark's pupils dilated uncontrollably as he looked at the president in disbelief. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Treasury? How could this be a treasury?

This was clearly his collection. It was the most precious thing in his life!

In the end, the president actually said that it was the national treasury!

He almost vomited blood.

Mark tried hard to remain calm. There were still representatives of the various countries present. He could not directly refute the president's words.

If he refuted the president, he would not be able to tell him the source of the treasures in the golden room. Even if he was an Earl, the gold items far exceeded the assets an Earl should have.

Under such circumstances, he might be suspected by the president. He might even be branded as a briber.

Now, he could only listen to the president. No matter how indignant he was, he could only hand over the things in the gold room to the country.

This wouldn't do!

Even if he was questioned, as long as the president had no evidence, he would be safe.

He could not allow the president to turn these things into things in the national treasury!

At the thought of this, Mark said calmly, "Is there some communication barrier between us? Have you forgotten that this is my residence? Everything here belongs to me. How can it be the national treasury?"

He could not leave his gold room behind!

This was his treasure!

No matter what, he had to try to protect his gold room.

The President looked at Mark's pained expression, and the smile on his face grew brighter. He asked, "Dear Brother, I think you're overjoyed today. You've drunk so much wine and are already drunk. Not only can you say something ridiculous like wanting to kill me, but you can also mistake the country's assets for your private property."

Mark's heart seemed to be clenched tightly by an invisible hand. It hurt so much that he was about to suffocate.

He looked viciously at the president beside him. This was the first time he had realized that the president was so shameless. He actually knew how to occupy a magpie's nest and spout nonsense.

His cowardly brother was already lawless!

Mark gritted his teeth and said, "I'm not drunk. I'm very sober now!"

The smile on the president's face didn't waver. "Anyone who's drunk will say they're not."

Mark clenched his fists tightly and glared at the president, as if he wanted to kill him with his eyes.

The president moved his gaze away from Mark and walked in, as if he was walking into his house. He casually picked up a gold medal and showed it to the representatives of the various countries.

Everyone's gaze fell on the gold medal in the president's hand, their faces filled with curiosity.

"This gold medal was awarded to our country's Old General Cui. The Cui family has been generals for generations. Every generation of General Cui is very close to the President. Back then, Old General Cui helped me suppress the rebellion in Europe. I personally gave this gold medal to Old General Cui."

At this point, the president's eyes gradually darkened. He gripped the gold medal in his hand tightly and sighed helplessly. "It's a pity that Old General Cui…"

To be honest, back then, he didn't believe that Old General Cui would betray him. At that time, in order not to ruin the brotherhood between him and Mark, he asked Mark to investigate what had happened to the Cui family.

However, Mark brought Old General Cui over and forced him to sign a confession under pressure. Then, he directly killed Old General Cui. He did not investigate what mistake the Cui family had made at all. Mark only casually framed the Cui family!

Even if Old General Cui had made a mistake in the past, as long as Old General Cui used this death-exemption medal, Old General Cui would not be killed. The Cui family could still maintain its former glory.

Old General Cui's rebellion had been reported internationally, so everyone present had heard of this matter.