Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1700  Robbery

Some representatives who were on good terms with the president instantly understood what was going on with the treasures in the gold room, so they said, "I see. I heard about what happened back then. When Old General Cui was convicted, all the Cui family's assets should have been confiscated!"

When everyone heard the representative's words, they instantly understood. No matter which country it was, as long as someone committed a crime, their assets would be confiscated. Old General Cui's gold medal also represented that this was indeed the national treasury.

Seeing the situation in front of him, Gu Zhou couldn't help but smile. He moved slightly closer to Qiao Nian and said in a low voice, "I really didn't expect Mark to place Old General Cui's gold medal here. Isn't this just giving the president's words credibility!"

Gu Zhou paused for a moment and continued, "If Mark still stands up and says that all of these things are his, he will have to explain to the international guests that he was the one who killed the Cui family back then and took their assets away. In reality, he didn't confiscate the Cui family's assets!"

"If I remember correctly, back then, the reason why the president could become president was not only because of the help of our grandfathers, but also because of Old General Cui's support. Later on, after Old General Cui was killed, the president's power decreased day by day, which was why the current situation is like this."

Back then, it was Mark who had privately killed Old General Cui, but the people outside didn't know about this. They thought that the president had killed Old General Cui.

Those who had originally supported the president were all bitterly disappointed. They felt that the president was someone who wanted to kick someone to the curb when they've outlived their usefulness. Hence, they all turned to Mark. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Qiao Nian nodded slightly and smiled. "I think Mark must be at his wits' end!"

At this moment, Mark looked viciously at the President, who was standing in the gold room. The things in the gold room were indeed his, but the President brought up Old General Cui's gold medal.

If he told the truth now, not only would he disappoint those who had joined him, but he would also make international representatives scoff at him.

It was precisely because Mark knew what was at stake that his eyes turned red with anger. He was about to suffocate. His gaze fell on the president, who was walking around the golden room wantonly. When he saw the president looking at him, he was slightly stunned, but he had a bad feeling.

The President walked to Mark's side with a gentle smile on his face and said briskly, "My dear brother, although these things from the national treasury are temporarily placed in your residence, I think you know where they came from. Why don't you introduce them to the representatives of the various countries?"

When Qiao Nian heard the President's words, she almost laughed out loud. She moved closer to Gu Zhou's ear and said softly, "The President's move is really amazing. He's simply using someone else to do the dirty work. He even made a depressed person willingly stab himself. Looks like Mark will be so angry this time that he'll suffer internal injuries. The President is really ruthless!"

Qiao Nian felt that this move was a little familiar. She looked at Gu Zhou curiously and asked in a low voice, "Don't tell me the president learned this move from you!"

Gu Zhou did not speak. His lips curled up slightly, and his eyes were filled with starlight.

This was the first time the representatives had seen so many precious treasures. Some of them had already taken out their notebooks and were prepared to record them.

Everyone looked at Mark excitedly.

Although Mark's face was already dark with anger, the entire golden room was made of gold. Under the golden light, no one could see the anger on Mark's face.

Mark was really caught between a rock and a hard place now. He revealed a smile that was uglier than crying. He quickly walked up to the president and lowered his voice to threaten, "You're really bold. Aren't you afraid that I'll take out the tiger talisman and fall out with you, causing the entire European country to fall into the flames of war?"

The tiger talisman was a token of the European army. Those with the tiger talisman could command more than half of the European army. The reason why Mark had not started an armed war previously was because he did not want the civilians to be hurt and wanted to gain a good reputation.