Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1701  Fearless

Mark's expression darkened.

Now that his gold room could no longer be kept, he could no longer care so much!

In the past, the president might have been afraid of Mark, but now that representatives of all the countries were here, if he still stupidly took a step back, he would not be worthy of being the European president.

There was a friendly smile on the President's face. His gaze fell on Mark's face and he nodded gently. "In that case, tell everyone how you obtained the Tiger Talisman in Europe. Why don't you attack the palace with the tiger talisman?"

Mark had the tiger talisman in his hand. In the eyes of others, the tiger talisman might threaten his position as the president of Europe, but the surrounding countries would be wary of Mark, because the army mobilized by the tiger talisman might also threaten their countries.

Under such circumstances, no matter how many troops Mark had, he could not be enemies with many countries around the world.

This was the first time Mark had seen the president so shameless. He was so angry that his face flushed with agitation and he was red in the face. He questioned word by word, "Today is Lina and Wright's good day. Do you have to cause trouble today?"

The President looked at Wright in surprise and nodded. He said seriously, "Oh, you've discovered me! Dear Brother, you're a little slow this time, but it's a little too late!"

Mark was so angry that the corners of his mouth kept twitching. He panted heavily, and it took him a long time to calm down.

He gritted his teeth and looked at the president, wishing he could tear President Jiang into pieces. However, he couldn't do so in front of the representatives of the various countries.

Mark quickly recovered. Calmly, he turned back to look at the representatives of the various countries. Smiling, he began to introduce everyone to where the treasures in the golden room had come from.

The precious treasures in the golden room were not only treasures from Europe. He had also gathered some from other countries. However, those were not presentable. He could only lie to fool the representatives.

Of course, those representatives were not easy to deceive. All of them had doubts.

Towards the end of Mark's introduction, he started ti fumble more and more. He didn't know what to do at all, because many things had been plundered by him!

When Qiao Nian saw this, her lips curved up involuntarily. She took out her phone and sent Lin Mian a message, telling her not to worry about her. Then, she said to Gu Zhou, "There's nothing else for us to do here. Let's go back first!"

Gu Zhou nodded slightly.

Gu Zhou looked at the president not far away and gave him a look that said, "We'll go back first."

The president nodded in understanding. Although Gu Zhou had said that he was not injured just now, he could see the wound on Gu Zhou's face. Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian would probably have to treat their wounds first when they got back.

The two of them returned to the hospital in the palace.

Now, Qiao Nian didn't trust the other hospitals in Europe. Their villa was still very far away, so she went to the hospital in the palace first.

Qiao Nian borrowed a ward from Dr. Ollie, then brought over some medicine for external injuries. Only then did she sit down in front of Gu Zhou and help him treat the wound on his face. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

After treating the wound on Gu Zhou's face, Qiao Nian said seriously, "Hurry up and take off your clothes! I'll check it and apply the medicine for you!"

Gu Zhou's eyes were filled with smiles. His thin lips curved up slightly as he sat there, still unmoving.

"Take it off!" Qiao Nian gently poked Gu Zhou's arm.

Gu Zhou only smiled and did not speak.

"If you don't take it off yourself, I'll help you take it off?" Qiao Nian thought that Gu Zhou's arm was injured and said worriedly.

"It's all up to you, Madam."

Qiao Nian was speechless.

She moved slightly closer to Gu Zhou and helped him unbutton his suit jacket. Carefully, she took it off. Then, she helped Gu Zhou unbutton his shirt.

Her movements were very light as she was worried that she would hurt Gu Zhou. Seeing that Gu Zhou's expression did not change, she heaved a sigh of relief and continued her work.

With great difficulty, Qiao Nian helped Gu Zhou take off his clothes. Just as she was about to heave another sigh of relief, her gaze fell on Gu Zhou.

Other than the wounds that had begun to fade, his body was as fair as ever. There was not even a bruise.