Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1702  Applying Medicine

At this moment, Qiao Nian realized that Gu Zhou's upper body was not injured. She pouted slightly and said unhappily, "You're not injured. Why didn't you tell me?"

"Didn't you want to examine me?" Gu Zhou said lightly, his eyes filled with laughter.

Qiao Nian looked to the side helplessly. How could he still be in the mood to joke at a time like this?

Qiao Nian coughed and pointed at Gu Zhou's leg. She asked seriously, "How's your leg?"

"Doctor, why don't you examine me?" Gu Zhou smiled at Qiao Nian, looking as if he didn't want to move.

Qiao Nian helped Gu Zhou put on his shirt. Only then did she roll up Gu Zhou's pants. His calves were bruised and swollen. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

She looked at Gu Zhou worriedly, her eyes filled with heartache. She said softly, "You're already so injured. If I had known, we would have come back first."

Gu Zhou glanced at the wound on his leg and said lightly, "I felt that you seemed to like watching the performance between the president and Mark, so I stayed to watch the show."

Hearing Gu Zhou's words, Qiao Nian felt a warmth in her heart. Her lips curved up slightly as she stared unblinkingly at Gu Zhou. She shook her head gently and said, "In my heart, you're the most important!"

Qiao Nian sat by the window and looked at Gu Zhou's leg. She helped him apply the medicinal oil and gently rubbed his injured spot. In a low voice, she said, "Believe me, you'll recover soon."

"These injuries aren't a big deal." Gu Zhou looked at Qiao Nian seriously. "Don't worry."

Qiao Nian recalled that in MY, Gu Zhou was shot in the abdomen. However, at that time, Gu Zhou still pretended to be fine and spoke to her like nothing happened.

This man didn't even know how to say it every time he was injured.

Qiao Nian knew that nothing she said would change Gu Zhou's mind. She could only carefully rub Gu Zhou's injured spot.

At this moment, the ward door was pushed open.

Lina looked anxiously at Qiao Nian and Gu Zhou in the ward, her eyes filled with worry. She asked, "Nian Nian, are you injured?"

As soon as Lina finished speaking, she realized that Qiao Nian and Gu Zhou's actions were a little ambiguous. She hurriedly lowered her gaze and said uncomfortably, "Did… did I disturb you?"

Qiao Nian turned to look at Lina, then at her and Gu Zhou's sitting postures. No wonder Lina had misunderstood. She was almost sitting on Gu Zhou, so she smiled and said, "No, I'm fine. I'm just treating his injuries."

When Lina heard Qiao Nian's words, she looked at her and asked seriously, "Then are you alright?"

"I'm fine. Don't worry."

Lina placed her hand on her heart and heaved a sigh of relief. She hurriedly said, "Oh, that's good. Fortunately, nothing happened to you. I just heard from Doctor Ollie that you wanted a ward. I thought that you were injured this time, so I hurriedly drove over. Fortunately, you're fine!"

Gu Zhou was speechless.

Qiao Nian smiled gently at Lina. Her gaze fell on Lina's clothes. She seemed to be wearing white pajamas. Her hair was in a mess, and she seemed to have gotten up from the bed.

When she saw the glint in Lina's eyes, she was slightly stunned. She seemed to have thought of something and asked, "Have you already seen Chen Qing?"

When Lina heard Qiao Nian's words, her breathing involuntarily quickened. She didn't dare to look into Qiao Nian's eyes. She looked to the side uncomfortably and replied softly, "Yes, I've already seen him."

"Where's Chen Qing? Why isn't he here?" Qiao Nian asked in confusion.

At the engagement banquet, the president had already asked Chen Qing to be in charge of Lina's safety. As Lina's personal bodyguard, he naturally had to stay by Lina's side at all times.

When Lina heard Qiao Nian's question, her breathing quickened. Thinking of everything that had just happened, she pursed her lips and said uncomfortably, "He… he'll come over tomorrow. He's a little busy now."

Seeing that Lina didn't want to say anything else, Qiao Nian didn't pursue the matter. After all, this was a private matter between Lina and Chen Qing. If Lina didn't want to say anything, she couldn't force her.