Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1703  Victory

Lina stared unblinkingly at Qiao Nian and asked, "By the way, how's your plan going today? What happened in the basement? Why was Mr. Gu injured?"

Lina only knew that her father, Gu Zhou, and Qiao Nian had important things to do tonight, but she didn't know what they were going to do. She was also uneasy alone and looked forward to the smooth progress of this plan.

Holding Lina's hand, Qiao Nian sat on the sofa and told her everything that had happened in the basement tonight.

Lina's expression grew uglier and uglier. She frowned and said angrily, "Mark and Wright are really getting more and more arrogant. They don't take my father and you seriously at all. Fortunately, you and my father planned well this time, so there's no danger. You scared me to death!"

As Lina spoke, she grabbed Qiao Nian's hand and said gratefully, "Nian Nian, I'm really sorry. This was originally our family's business, but we had to trouble you and Mr. Gu. If anything went wrong tonight, you'll have to…"

"I'm really sorry, but there's nothing I can do." Lina's face was filled with guilt.

When Qiao Nian heard Lina's words, she smiled and shook her head. "Actually, don't say that. We're not doing this for you. Actually, when we went to the basement this time, we had our own reasons. We just joined hands."

Lina shook her head gently and said seriously, "You can't say that. If it weren't for my father, you wouldn't have risked so much to go to the basement this time. It's just a pity that the woman you caught ran away."

"She can run, but she can't hide." Smiling, Qiao Nian took out a bloody dagger and some hair from her pocket. She said calmly, "Although there's her blood, I only have one strand of her hair. I don't know if this is enough for an appraisal! I just can't capture her for an interrogation."

Lina looked at Qiao Nian gently and said seriously, "Nian Nian, this is already very good. Let's take it slow. We'll catch her sooner or later!"

"I still have some of her hair here!" As Gu Zhou spoke, he took out a few strands of hair from his pocket. The light brown hair was especially obvious under the sunlight.

Qiao Nian looked at Gu Zhou in surprise and hurriedly asked, "When did you get her hair?"

"When you confronted Mark, there was a lot of hair on her clothes, so I secretly hid it," Gu Zhou said calmly.

Qiao Nian hurriedly walked up to Gu Zhou and took out another sealed bag. She stuffed all her hair into it and reached out to hug Gu Zhou. She said excitedly, "Even if she's changed her bone marrow in the past, with her hair, we'll be able to find out her true identity. We'll know if she and Song Man are mother and daughter. Then, we'll know if Song Man is her and Mark's daughter."

Although many things happened tonight and they hovered at the gates of hell for a long time, ortunately, they had gained something.

Gu Zhou asked teasingly, "Which is more important? The hair or the gold room tonight!"

"Of course it's the hair that's important." Qiao Nian let go of Gu Zhou and covered her mouth, laughing. She turned back to look at Lina, who was sitting not far away, and continued, "I think the gold room is more important to the president!"

Just as the President was mentioned, he walked in with a smile on his face.

Qiao Nian pushed Gu Zhou away and stood quietly at the side, staring unblinkingly at the president. She smiled and asked, "President, have you already put away all those things?"

When Gu Zhou heard Qiao Nian's question, he frowned slightly. Why did he feel that the gold room was more important to Qiao Nian? T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Without a word, he reached out and wrapped his arm around Qiao Nian's waist. His gaze fell on the president's face, who was standing not far away.

The smile on the President's face grew brighter and brighter. He said in high spirits, "I've already arranged for someone to move everything over from the two gold rooms. The representatives of the various countries have also gone back to rest. We've won a complete victory this time!"