Chapter 1704  Heartache

The president quickly walked in and sat on the sofa at the side. With a happy expression, he told her what had happened after that. "I got his two gold rooms today. With that wealth, I can fill up the military arsenal. This time, Mark has suffered a huge blow. I reckon he'll prioritize this financial problem first. Without money, he can't cause trouble without restraint!"

To the president, not only had he taken Mark's wealth, but he had also taken the representatives of Europe on a tour and made them reconsider the future.

What made the president feel that it was a pity that none of the important officials had seen Mark's wealth this time. The president had said that many foreign friends had been invited to this engagement banquet, so the important officials of the country had not attended.

If the officials of the country knew about Mark's wealth, they would probably begin to suspect him.

The president was still smiling as he recounted what had happened today.

Qiao Nian leaned gently against Gu Zhou and listened to the president talk about what had happened today. The president was really in high spirits today. For so many years, he had been suppressed by Mark. Today, he had finally suppressed Mark.

The battle between the president and Mark would become more and more intense. The president would definitely use more ruthless methods to deal with Mark.

Someone as heinous as Mark would definitely receive retribution.

The president was almost done talking. Just as he was about to ask about Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian's injuries, his gaze inadvertently fell on Lina's face not far away.

The smile on the President's face gradually froze, and his eyes darkened.

Actually, today wasn't a very happy day. All the success today was because Lina was willing to marry Wright.

If it weren't for Lina's sacrifice, they wouldn't have won today!

Lina's gaze had been fixed on the president's face since he entered.

In her memory, when her father was at home, he was busy taking care of her mother every day because she often fell ill. When he was outside, her father seemed to pull a long face every time because Mark interfered too much in politics. It was precisely because of this that he always frowned.

However, her father today was completely different from usual. He exuded the high spirits of a young man. He had a smile on his face, and his frown had relaxed. He seemed to have become decades younger!

However, when her father looked at her, he frowned again.

Lina knew very well that her father's heart ached for her.

The two of them only looked at each other for a few seconds. Although they didn't say anything, they both understood what each other meant.

Lina's eyes couldn't help but turn red.

With a serious expression, the president quickly walked up to Lina and pulled her into his arms.

When he hugged her, he realized how thin and weak Lina's body was. However, it was Lina who had sacrificed herself to obtain such a huge victory.

Qiao Nian had long treated Lina as her good friend. Seeing Lina like this, her heart ached terribly. She didn't want to continue watching.

She glanced at Gu Zhou beside her and stood up. In a low voice, she said, "I want to do a DNA test on Song Ling's blood and hair. When the time comes, it'll be compared with Song Man's DNA."

When Gu Zhou heard Qiao Nian's words, he nodded gently, his eyes filled with smiles. "Okay, go."

Qiao Nian quickly arrived at the laboratory department.

This was the hospital in the palace. As Dr. Ollie had a new research direction recently, many doctors were still busy.

At this moment, the door suddenly opened. When everyone heard the commotion, they turned their heads and saw a black-haired girl enter. She was holding a transparent bag with hair and a dagger.

The black-haired girl walked to the instrument and began to operate it skillfully. She took out the dagger and hair inside and began to prepare for the test. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

A doctor at the side stared at the young girl in shock. Silently, he pushed his glasses up his nose bridge and walked over to the young girl. He asked carefully, "Excuse me, who are you? Outsiders can't use our hospital's things casually."

Qiao Nian was slightly stunned. Only then did she notice that there were others here.