Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1705  Chaos

Qiao Nian frowned slightly and said apologetically, "I'm very sorry. I didn't notice that you were still here just now."

As she spoke, Qiao Nian took out her work pass from the pocket of her white coat. Then, she said seriously, "I'm a friend of Professor Ollie. He asked me to come over and use the instrument. I didn't expect to disturb you."

The doctor glanced at the work pass Qiao Nian had taken out and recalled that Qiao Nian had said that she was Dr. Ollie's friend. He instantly became friendly and said, "So you're Dr. Ollie's friend. Then what are you trying to do now… This is a DNA apparatus, and it's also a new machine our hospital has just obtained. If you don't understand how to use it, I'll teach you. I just…"

Before the doctor could finish speaking, he heard the instrument suddenly ring.

"Beep!"

The doctor looked at the woman beside him in confusion. He was stunned.

Qiao Nian took out the test report from the printer and looked at the doctor. "Thank you for your kindness, but there's no need. I've already gotten the results."

The doctor's eyes widened uncontrollably. This was the latest test instrument. When he first got it, he studied it for a long time. Even after reading the instructions, he didn't understand it. She had gotten the results without even reading the instructions?

She seemed to be more like a doctor!

Qiao Nian came out and looked at the data on the document, her frown deepening.

Had she made a mistake?

Why was the printed data so strange?

With this thought in mind, Qiao Nian looked at another set of data. Still finding it strange, she walked towards Dr. Ollie's office.

Seeing Qiao Nian walk over, Dr. Ollie asked in confusion, "Doctor Qiao, what exactly happened to make you frown?"

Qiao Nian seemed to have seen hope. She hurriedly took the document in her hand and asked hesitantly, "Look at the data. These results are so strange. This is the first time I've seen such an outcome." Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Dr. Ollie took the information from Qiao Nian, his expression gradually turning serious. He frowned and said in a low voice, "This genetic ranking has been messed up. It's not a normal genetic ranking at all. By the way, whose pairing results are these?"

"I just met her. After getting her sample, I wanted to confirm her identity through a DNA test." Qiao Nian frowned slightly and sighed. "But even I can't decipher what the data means."

This was also the first time Dr. Ollie had seen such data. He looked at Qiao Nian in front of him, puzzled. "Actually, this is also the first time I've seen such a DNA sequence. Do you have any thoughts?"

Qiao Nian looked at Dr. Ollie and suddenly recalled something.

In the past, when she studied Chinese medicine with her grandfather, he seemed to have said that when some herbs were mixed together, they could directly cause her DNA sequence to be in a mess as long as she ate them together. It was a form of interference.

At that time, she was still very young, so she didn't understand.

At that time, Eldest Senior Brother was also there. If she could contact him, she would know what was wrong with her genes. She might even be able to correct it manually.

However, when she thought of Eldest Senior Brother, Qiao Nian's eyes darkened. Ever since Eldest Senior Brother was injured, she had been unable to contact him. She wondered how he was doing now.

Qiao Nian sighed slightly and frowned, looking worried. She said uncertainly, "This is also the first time I've seen such a situation. I know that someone can explain it, but I can't contact that person for the time being, so there are no results. Thank you, Doctor Ollie. It's already so late, but you still came over specially."

Dr. Ollie smiled. Looking at the strange DNA sequence, he said with a smile, "Miss Qiao, you don't have to be so polite. Actually, it's not troublesome at all. I would have regretted not coming. Such an interesting DNA result requires us to study it carefully."

Towards the end, Dr. Ollie waved his hand and said nonchalantly, "Miss Qiao, if you're busy, go ahead. Don't mind me."

"Thank you." Holding the DNA data sheet, Qiao Nian walked towards Gu Zhou's ward.