Chapter 1706  The Truth

Qiao Nian returned to the ward again. She had only left for more than two hours, and Gu Zhou was the only one left in the ward.

Puzzled, Qiao Nian asked, "Where did the president and Lina go?"

Gu Zhou put down his phone. He had just arranged everything in the country when his gaze fell on Qiao Nian's face. He patted the bed beside him and said, "Come here."

Qiao Nian walked over and sat down.

Seeing that Qiao Nian was frowning slightly, as if she was worried about something, Gu Zhou only smiled and said, "The president obtained the gold room this time, so he wanted to think about how to deal with that sum of money when he got back. As for Lina…"

Gu Zhou paused for a moment and said, "She has to return to Mark's manor. After all, she just sneaked out."

Qiao Nian nodded in understanding and handed the information in her hand to Gu Zhou. She sighed helplessly and said, "This woman must have taken medicine that can interfere with DNA sequences, so we can't understand her DNA report now. She really has many tricks up her sleeve."

Worried that Gu Zhou wouldn't understand, Qiao Nian told him what she and Dr. Ollie had said.

When Gu Zhou heard Qiao Nian's words, he narrowed his eyes and asked hesitantly, "There's actually a medicine that can disrupt DNA sequences. Have you seen it before?"

When Qiao Nian heard Gu Zhou's words, she didn't hide anything. She said, "Previously, Grandpa shared some relevant knowledge with me, but I didn't remember at that time. If it were my grandfather, he would definitely be able to solve this."

"Could it be that your grandfather prescribed medicine for her to disrupt the DNA sequence in her body?."

When Qiao Nian heard Gu Zhou's words, she shook her head without hesitation. "I don't think that's possible, because Grandpa would never do such a thing. In his opinion, doctors should save the dead and heal the injured, not do such an inhumane thing!"

"After all, disrupting the DNA sequence in a person's body is an extremely dangerous thing. A doctor who can do such a thing is not worthy of being called a doctor!"

Gu Zhou nodded thoughtfully. He seemed to have thought of something and asked, "Then tell me, why did Song Ling choose to disrupt the DNA sequence in her body?"

"Under normal circumstances, no one would do such a thing unless she didn't want anyone to find out her identity." Qiao Nian pursed her lips slightly, frowning slightly. She lowered her voice and said, "Could it be that she knew long ago that someone might find out about her, so she wanted to keep her identity a secret? The medicine she used could disrupt her DNA sequence. It's not good for her health, but she still used it…"

Song Ling was simply too crazy!

What kind of scheme was this? Song Ling had actually gone so far.

Suddenly, a glint flashed across Qiao Nian's eyes. She had a strong feeling that it was related to Cui Huai from MY. She grabbed Gu Zhou's hand and asked in a low voice, "Could it be related to Cui Huai from MY?"

Gu Zhou quickly understood what Qiao Nian meant. His eldest brother, Gu Yue, had been following Cui Huai incognito because he had realized that Cui Huai had been secretly dealing with the Gu and Lu families. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Gu Zhou's expression turned serious as he said seriously, "Looks like we have to contact Big Brother now."

Qiao Nian smiled. She also felt that her brother should know a lot of inside information.

"Their plan is really too meticulous. Whether it's the kidnapping twenty-one years ago or the fact that they killed Big Brother six years ago, both of them mean one thing. They're both organized with a purpose." Qiao Nian couldn't help but sigh. "Even Qin Chuan hasn't found any information about them."

"Back then, Cui Huai sent someone to kill my brother, wanting to attack the Gu and Lu families. I think Mark seems to be dissatisfied with our families too. I suspect that those things back then are also related to Mark." At this point, Gu Zhou's expression instantly turned cold. "Because my brother's collection is still in the gold room!"

When Qiao Nian heard Gu Zhou's words, her expression changed. "Do you suspect that they're working together?"

"Yes." Gu Zhou nodded, a trace of a smile in his eyes. He said, "What we have to confirm now is the relationship between Cui Huai and Mark. If Cui Huai is Cui Qi's brother, then the rest is easy to explain."

Hearing Gu Zhou's words, Qiao Nian heaved a sigh of relief.