Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1708  Depressed

The dim yellow light shone into the room. Wright collapsed on the carpet in front of the sofa. There were many empty wine bottles casually placed on the coffee table in front of him.

At the thought of what had happened in the basement, his eyes grew redder and redder. He pursed his lips involuntarily.

He always remembered the way his father looked at him at the end. He seemed to be very disappointed.

He had already worked very hard to help his father and complete all the missions. How was he inferior to Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian?

Before Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian came to Europe, Europe was basically under his father's control. At that time, he had never made any mistakes.

He couldn't compare to those geniuses, but he was much more outstanding than most people. However, ever since Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian arrived, he had failed again and again. Every time, he would fail and return empty-handed.

Why?

He had clearly had the upper hand previously. How had it become like this?

He couldn't understand what had gone wrong.

At this moment, there was a knock on the door.

Wright glanced impatiently at the door, his eyes filled with impatience. Seeing that the person was still knocking, he smashed the bottle in his hand.

Bang!

The wine bottle hit the door hard and instantly shattered into pieces.

At this moment, outside the door.

The servant's hand, which was holding the soup, trembled slightly. Cold sweat broke out on her face, and her legs trembled. She hesitated to speak.

According to European rules, on the night of the engagement, she had to serve medicinal soup to the couple. She had just served soup to the Seventh Princess and was scolded. Now, she was here to serve soup to Prince Wright. It seemed that he was not happy either.

At this moment, Lina's cold mocking voice came from not far away.

"You dared to barge into my room casually just now. What's wrong? Do you not dare to enter Wright's room now? Why? Do you think I'm already on par with you just because I married Wright?"

The servant turned to look at Lina, her face filled with surprise. Logically speaking, the Seventh Princess shouldn't be willing to drink the soup with Prince Wright. Why was she in such a hurry to drink the soup?

Seeing the servant staring at her, Lina smiled coldly and said, "I'm the Seventh Princess. How can you neglect me like this? Or do you not take my father seriously?"

The servant was speechless.

She was just a small servant. Even if the Seventh Princess married Prince Wright, she would still be a princess and the daughter of the current president.

The servant gave a humble smile and said carefully, "Then… then I'll go in now!"

The servant now felt that Lina really liked Prince Wright. Previously, she had deliberately ignored him because she was reserved.

While letting one's imagination run wild, the servant had already pushed open the door. She had just taken a step in when she met Wright's cold eyes. Those eyes were like a poisonous snake in the forest, staring fixedly at its prey, as if it would spit out its tongue and swallow it in the next second.

She didn't dare to look into Wright's eyes and hurriedly looked away. Her voice trembled as she said, "Prince Wright, don't… don't be angry. I… the Seventh Princess asked me to come."

Perhaps it was because she had mentioned the words "Seventh Princess", but she realized that the gaze on her had softened a lot.

The servant heaved a sigh of relief and hurriedly picked up the tray. She said anxiously, "Today is your engagement day with the Seventh Princess. According to the customs of our European country, you have to drink this bowl of soup. I just came from the Seventh Princess's place. She has already drunk it. She urged me to come over and bring you the soup. I hope you can drink it quickly!" ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Engagement day.

Soup.

When Wright heard the servant's words, his gaze fell on the wine bottles at the table, and his eyes were filled with complicated emotions.

Today was a celebratory day for him, so many foreign representatives had sent them things. They were also the ones who had sent the wine.

Lina asked the servant to bring the soup over?

Wright's eyes darted around. He raised his hand and slapped his thigh.

Today was a celebratory day for him and her.

He thought that Lina didn't care about today at all. Now, it seemed that Lina just didn't mean what she said.