Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1709  Worship

Wright stood up and the gloominess on his body was washed away. He walked to the servant, took the soup from the side, and drank it.

After drinking the soup, he felt a warmth in his stomach and felt much better.

Seeing that Wright had finished his soup, the servant hurriedly walked out. She was about to close the door when she heard Wright's voice from inside.

"Where's Lina?"

When the servant heard Wright's words, she was about to speak when she saw Lina standing not far away, looking at her coldly. She swallowed nervously and said shakily, "Yes, Seventh Princess… Seventh Princess just drank the soup and fell asleep."

Wright's eyes flashed, and his lips curved up slightly. "Yes."

He had had a bad day and was despised by his father.

Since he was not doing well, he would not let the president's daughter have an easy time either!

Thinking about how Chen Qing had jumped out and beaten him up when he was deliberately intimate with Lina at the engagement banquet, he felt extremely humiliated.

No matter what, he was still a prince of Europe. He had actually been beaten up by a small bodyguard!

Chen Qing would definitely not be around tonight. He could take the opportunity to cause trouble for Lina.

No matter what happened tonight, Lina asked for it.

With a smug smile on his face, Wright had just walked to the door when he suddenly felt dizzy. Then, he fainted to the ground.

At this moment, the window at the end of the corridor slowly opened. Lina saw Qiao Nian jump in.

Gu Zhou followed closely behind.

Qiao Nian and Gu Zhou had specially avoided the guards outside through the blueprint Chen Qing had sent them. Then, they entered through the window.

Lina had been peeking out of the half-open door. When she saw Qiao Nian and Gu Zhou enter, she covered her lips in surprise. "Oh my god, so what the television dramas in Country Z are showing are true. You can all fly!"

Qiao Nian looked around. There was no one around anymore. Knowing that Lina had deliberately sent those people away, she smiled and said, "Actually, we can't fly. We just climbed up the pillar to the roof and came down from the corridor." Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"I understand, I understand. I will keep everything a secret." Lina looked at Qiao Nian in admiration, her heart filled with joy.

Qiao Nian: Alright, I can't explain it to Lina anymore.

"Actually, we've been cultivating since we were young…" Qiao Nian said helplessly.

Lina nodded with a smile and said, "I understand. Only after laying the foundation when you were young can you perform at such a high level now."

Previously, she had felt that Mr. Gu and Chen Qing were especially skilled. Now, it seemed that their skills were really amazing!

Qiao Nian smiled and asked gently, "How is it? Did he take the medicine?"

Qiao Nian recalled that Wright had lost all his face in the basement. Mark would definitely blame Wright for the loss of the gold room. Wright would definitely cause trouble for Lina.

She initially wanted to tell Chen Qing to pay attention to protecting Lina and take the opportunity to feed Wright the medicine.

However, she had never expected the person who replied to her message to be Lina.

Lina knew that Qiao Nian was worried about her. She hurriedly said, "Don't worry, I didn't meet him just now. I just asked the maid to send the soup over, and he drank the medicine with the pills."

"Well done." Qiao Nian smiled at Lina and praised, "But it's still too dangerous for you here. Hurry up and go back!"

Qiao Nian knew that what she was doing was very dangerous. She had already put Lina in danger. She couldn't let Lina be in danger anymore.

Lina nodded and said, "I understand. Be careful."

With that, Lina walked towards her room.

Qiao Nian went to Wright's room. As soon as she entered, she saw Wright unconscious on the ground.

The room was filled with the smell of alcohol. She glanced at the bottles everywhere and frowned slightly.

Wright had already taken her special medicine and couldn't wake up at all. She and Gu Zhou dragged Wright to the sofa.

Gu Zhou picked up the wine at the side and splashed it on Wright's face.