Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1710  Hypnosis

Splash!

The wine splashed all over Wright's face. Perhaps it was because the wine was relatively cold, but he opened his eyes in a daze from the cold.

He was lying on the ground. When he opened his eyes and saw the light above him, he narrowed his eyes reflexively.

He gradually came back to his senses and muttered, "Lina! That's right. I'm going to look for Lina!"

As he spoke, he was about to get up when he heard a command. "Open your eyes!"

Open my eyes?

Was Lina here?

Realizing this, Wright opened his eyes in a daze and saw a pocket watch swaying in front of him. He subconsciously wanted to throw the annoying pocket watch aside.

"Look at the watch!"

In a daze, Wright retracted his hand and stared unblinkingly at the pocket watch swaying left and right. Gradually, his pupils dilated.

It seemed that Wright had been hypnotized.

Qiao Nian glanced at Gu Zhou and nodded slightly. "Alright, I have a few questions for you."

Wright sat there in a daze, his eyes empty. "Okay."

"Who exactly is the woman who appeared in the basement?" Qiao Nian didn't have time to feign civility with Wright. Without hesitation, she went straight to the point.

She knew that Wright definitely knew that woman. Otherwise, when she took that woman as a hostage, Wright wouldn't have hesitated and not dare to do any cheap tricks.

"Madam Song Ling."

"Then tell me all about that woman now."

At this moment, Wright was like a puppet on a string as he answered the question obediently. "She's the person in Father's heart. Although they didn't register their marriage, the two of them love each other deeply. I've seen her since I was adopted by Father. She seems to be from An City in Country Z."

Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian exchanged a look and instantly understood.

She was from An City.

It seemed that Song Ling and Song Man were definitely related.

Seeing that Wright didn't continue speaking, Qiao Nian understood that Wright knew very little about Song Ling.

Strange.

Logically speaking, after being by Mark's side for so many years, Wright should know his father's lover very well, but Wright didn't know Song Ling well.

Either Mark cared a lot about Song Ling and protected her from the outside world, or Song Ling was very capable and had been hiding in the dark.

Qiao Nian recalled the Eight Trigrams Array in Song Ling's cloakroom. Her frown deepened. It seemed that Song Ling had studied ancient tactics very deeply. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Qiao Nian's gaze fell on Wright's face. She asked again, "What's the relationship between Mark and Cui Huai?"

As soon as she asked this, she saw Wright frown, as if he wanted to force himself to wake up.

Qiao Nian's lips curved up coldly. She picked up the pocket watch in her hand again and said sarcastically, "I really didn't expect you to be so loyal. However, Mark doesn't care about you at all now!"

As she spoke, she hypnotized Wright with her pocket watch again and asked seriously, "What exactly is the relationship between Mark and Cui Huai?"

"Cui Huai. Cui Huai is an important minister of Father's. Father has always asked Cui Huai to earn money outside. He even secretly used that money to recruit soldiers."

When Gu Zhou heard Wright's words, his expression darkened, and his breathing gradually became heavier.

Things were about as they had guessed, but when Gu Zhou heard this from Wright, he couldn't help but feel sad.

It seemed that the famous paintings collected by his brother in the Golden Room had probably been snatched away by Cui Huai and given to Mark after he had deliberately gotten someone to kill his brother.

Qiao Nian noticed the coldness in Gu Zhou's eyes. She reached out and grabbed his hand, signaling for him not to be sad.

Gu Zhou smiled, indicating that he was fine.

Only then did Qiao Nian retract her gaze and look at Wright. She continued to ask, "Did they work together in any other way?"

"No."

When Qiao Nian heard Wright's answer without hesitation, a trace of disappointment flashed in her eyes. However, they had already confirmed the relationship between Cui Huai and Mark. This was good news.