Chapter 1711  Discovered?

Previously, Eldest Senior Brother had said that there was someone above Cui Huai. Perhaps Eldest Senior Brother and Gu Zhou's eldest brother would know more.

Qiao Nian and Gu Zhou had already gotten the information they wanted. Just as they were about to leave, Qiao Nian seemed to have thought of something. She saw Wright and asked, "Are Cui Huai and Cui Qi brothers?"

"I'm not sure."

As soon as Wright finished speaking, Qiao Nian knocked him out with a karate chop. He fell to the ground in a sorry state and fell unconscious.

Qiao Nian stood up and looked down at Wright's face. She said to Gu Zhou, "Although Wright is Mark's adopted son in name, Mark doesn't seem to trust Wright. He's still hiding many things from him."

"Yes, Mark probably doesn't trust anyone." As Gu Zhou spoke, he looked at Wright's face and smiled disdainfully.

Although Wright was a little stupid, he was still very loyal to Mark.

However, Mark was too cautious.

If Wright, who had been by Mark's side, didn't know him well, it was obvious that Mark was a naturally suspicious person.

It seemed that some things could only be found out directly from Mark.

After that, Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian were about to go home when they suddenly received a text from Dr. Ollie.

[Don't return to the palace yet. Just now, Mark brought some people over and is pressuring the president to look for you. Go to the cafe not far from the palace first. I'll get my assistant, Lin Sen, to wait for you there.]

When Qiao Nian saw this news, her expression changed slightly. She said to Gu Zhou, "Mark might have suspected that we've gone to his manor again and is preparing to keep an eye on us in the palace."

"Looks like there are many of his people near the palace," Gu Zhou said thoughtfully. If the president really wanted to take control of the entire European country, he would probably have a long way to go.

"Let's go straight to the cafe," Qiao Nian said.

They parked the car further away. Just as they reached the cafe, they saw Lin Sen sitting inside, drinking coffee.

Lin Sen gestured for Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian to walk towards the bathroom. When the three of them came out again, they were all wearing white doctor coats.

When they arrived at the palace hospital, Qiao Nian and Gu Zhou had just arrived at the ward. Through the window, they saw a group of people walking towards them majestically.

At this moment, there was a knock on the ward door.

Qiao Nian turned around and saw Professor Ollie standing outside the ward. She quickly walked over and opened the door, saying gratefully, "Doctor Ollie, thank you so much. If you hadn't told us this in advance, we might have been stopped and questioned by them."

"It's like this." Dr. Ollie looked around, then pushed Qiao Nian in anxiously, as if he was worried that someone outside would hear them. He said directly, "I was just reporting to the President about the situation at the hospital when I saw Mark bringing people over. I accidentally overheard their conversation. I think they suspected that you trespassed his residence."

Qiao Nian was slightly stunned. She had always thought that she and Gu Zhou had hidden their movements very well. Moreover, with Lina's help, it was impossible for anyone to know.

She had never expected to be discovered as soon as they arrived.

Dr. Ollie had always felt that Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian were good people. He hurriedly said, "I heard about what happened in the basement. Mark must be so angry that he's looking for trouble everywhere. He even said that he wanted to monitor the two of you. They know that you've been here all this time. They even said that as long as you go out, they'll arrest you."

Qiao Nian: Mark was right.

"Doctor Ollie, thank you so much. If you hadn't helped us, we might have really become Mark's suspects," Qiao Nian said with a smile.

"It's fine, but you have to be careful in the future. I suspect that Mark will keep an eye on you. Rest well today. I think they'll definitely leave tomorrow. Alright, I'll go back first." With that, Doctor Ollie walked out.

"Thank you."

After Qiao Nian sent Doctor Ollie out, she walked to the bed with Gu Zhou.

"Looks like Mark suspects us," Qiao Nian said in a low voice. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"Yes, fortunately, there's Dr. Ollie." Gu Zhou recalled what Dr. Ollie had said, and his eyes darkened. "But we might not be able to move around freely anymore."