Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

1712 Excited

"Then rest well tonight." Qiao Nian's thoughts were very simple. Since she was here, she would take things as they came. They had brought a change of clothes in the hospital. "I've been busy all night. I'm quite tired."

"Yes, I think Mark will withdraw the people tomorrow," Gu Zhou said with a serious expression. He and Qiao Nian had only asked Wright a few questions, and they hadn't alerted anyone else. They hadn't been caught on camera either.

Qiao Nian was about to take her clothes to take a shower when her phone rang. The crisp sound of the ringtone resounded throughout the ward.

Qiao Nian stopped in her tracks, her pupils dilating uncontrollably.

This was the sound of a hacker code she had specially set up to receive a message.

Her pupils dilated uncontrollably.

It was Eldest Senior Brother!

Gu Zhou noticed the change in Qiao Nian's gaze. He saw Qiao Nian take out her phone eagerly. Her eyes were sparkling, as if they were filled with the entire Milky Way.

Gu Zhou sat down beside Qiao Nian and kissed her forehead slightly. Only then did he ask in a low voice, "What's wrong? Who made you so happy?"

Qiao Nian turned to look at Gu Zhou, her lips curving up. She didn't notice the jealousy in Gu Zhou's words at all. She said happily, "It's Eldest Senior Brother. Let me tell you, Eldest Senior Brother really isn't dead. He's sending me another message now. This is great!"

She recalled that in MY, Eldest Senior Brother had been injured by a gun. At that time, she wanted to contact Eldest Senior Brother, but she couldn't.

One had to know that she was the one who had shot Eldest Senior Brother in the leg.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

If she had known that that person was Eldest Senior Brother, she would never have hurt him.

Qiao Nian raised her hand to wipe her tears. Previously, she hadn't heard from Eldest Senior Brother and had been feeling uneasy. Now, she was finally relieved.

Gu Zhou looked at Qiao Nian and gently rubbed her head. "You can finally rest assured."

With tears in her eyes, Qiao Nian nodded seriously.

"Then pick it up quickly!" Gu Zhou reminded her.

Qiao Nian smiled and nodded. She had been so excited just by looking at Eldest Senior Brother's number that she had forgotten to pick up.

The moment the call went through, Qiao Nian hurriedly called out, "Eldest Senior Brother!"

"Nian'er."

Chang Feng's gentle and slightly hoarse voice came through the phone. His voice was the same as before. It always sounded reassuring.

"Eldest Senior Brother, have you recovered from your injuries? How do you feel now?" Qiao Nian asked eagerly. With that, tears welled up in her eyes.

Chang Feng and Qiao Nian had been together for several years. He could sense her emotions through her voice, so his voice became even gentler. "I've long recovered from my injuries. Don't worry. Previously, we didn't have time to contact you, mainly because Cui Huai's people have been keeping an eye on us. We also wanted to gain their trust."

Qiao Nian heaved a sigh of relief. Since Eldest Senior Brother was fine, they should discuss the remaining questions. Hence, she asked, "Yes, have you and Mr. Chen already gained his trust?"

"It's much better than before."

What Chang Feng meant was that Cui Huai was still suspicious of them, but he was already less wary than before. However, they could not let their guard down.

Qiao Nian immediately understood what Eldest Senior Brother meant. Fortunately, Eldest Senior Brother and Gu Zhou's eldest brother were patient and cautious enough to gain Cui Huai's trust. "Eldest Senior Brother, you're..." Qiao Nian understood that Eldest Senior Brother must have something else to tell them.

Chang Feng said, "The reason why I called you this time is because I've obtained some useful information. I wanted to tell you in advance, but to share more information, we can only meet and talk after Mr. Chen arrives."

Qiao Nian looked at Gu Zhou beside her and saw that his eyes were filled with anticipation. She hurriedly replied, "Alright, I understand. Eldest Senior Brother, it's like this. We've also found a lot of information recently."

"Hm?"

"Cui Huai seems to be working for Earl Mark of Europe."

After Qiao Nian finished speaking, she heard Chang Feng say heavily, "Back then, it happened so suddenly. Mr. Chen and I used Gu Yue's death to become Cui Huai's subordinates. It was also to investigate the people who wanted to attack the Gu and Lu families."