Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

1713 Awakened

"Previously, Mr. Chen and I were investigating the people above Cui Huai. Later on, we found some clues, but we didn't expect his superior to be Mark from Europe. It's obvious that Mark is very ambitious. He seems to be constantly expanding his control over the country. Even if we know that they're related now, we don't have full evidence," Chang Feng said with a complicated expression. 

Cui Huai had hidden himself too well. This indirectly proved that Mark was very cautious. Every step he took was very careful.

Qiao Nian and Gu Zhou looked at each other. They both understood what Chang Feng meant. Mark was really too careful.

After they arrived in Europe, the first time they saw Mark was in court. The second time was at Lina's engagement ceremony.

Mark didn't seem to go out much usually. If anything happened, he would communicate with his trusted aides. Not only that, those trusted aides were very loyal to Mark.

Perhaps Mark had used the method of subduing Cui Qi to subdue many people to work for him. Such people basically wouldn't betray Mark.

The people they came into contact with here were all very far removed from Mark. There was no direct or indirect evidence to prove that there was something wrong with Mark.

"It's getting late. When you come over, Mr. Chen will tell you."

Qiao Nian nodded and said, "Yes, we think so too. There are still many things that need to be sorted out in person."

"I'll see you later. I'll send you the time and address. Be careful on the road."

"Okay."
﻿
After hanging up, Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian looked at each other. They both understood that today's night trip meant a lot, but now that Mark was targeting them, they had to be more careful starting from tomorrow.

Not only that, if they gave themselves away tomorrow, not only would something happen on their end, but Gu Yue and Chang Feng would also be at risk of being exposed.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Gu Zhou glanced at the time on Qiao Nian's phone. His gaze faltered slightly. "Chen Qing hasn't contacted us in a long time."

Previously, when the two of them went to the manor, they needed someone to cover for them and drug Wright. At that time, the person who replied was Lina.

Qiao Nian thought for a moment and said in a low voice, "Previously, when we entered the basement, there was no news of Chen Qing. Could it be that he..."

Before Qiao Nian could finish speaking, she immediately shook her head. "No, Chen Qing will be fine. If anything happens to him, Lina will definitely contact us."

Gu Zhou pondered for a moment and said coldly, "Perhaps Lina asked him to do something."

When Qiao Nian heard Gu Zhou's words, she recalled how Lina had just run over. She couldn't help but shut her mouth again. "Perhaps he's really busy. Let's wait for him for a few more hours. When dawn comes, Mark's men will probably leave. When that happens, we'll shake off Mark and book a plane ticket. If Chen Qing can rush over later, we'll just tell him about it."

In Qiao Nian's opinion, if Lina asked Chen Qing to do something, she wouldn't worry at all. Lina had previously said that Chen Qing would come over the next day.

Moreover, Lina liked Chen Qing. It was impossible for her to let Chen Qing be hurt.

At this moment, in Mark's castle.

Chen Qing opened his eyes in a daze. Above his head was a curtain of a white bed. Instantly, all his sleepiness disappeared. He immediately sat up in bed and looked around warily.

What had happened? Why was he here?

He glanced around. The surroundings were filled with dazzling decorations, and the environment was very unfamiliar.

At this moment, the door opened from the outside.

Lina's gaze fell on Chen Qing's face. She said calmly, "You're awake. You must be hungry now. Have some soup!"

As Lina spoke, she closed the door and walked towards Chen Qing with the bowl in her hand.

She walked to the bed and sat down naturally. She handed a bowl of soup to Chen Qing. "Although the soup has already turned cold, it's not convenient for me to heat it up for you here. After you've drunk this bowl of soup, you'll wake up sooner."

Chen Qing endured it. His mind wasn't on Lina's face. He tried hard to recall what had happened.