Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00


1714 Drugged

He remembered very clearly that he and Lina were having a glass of wine, but he couldn't remember anything after that.

His gaze fell on Lina's face. Lina looked a little cold.

He frowned slightly and asked in confusion, "What did you add to the wine?"

Lina's hand, which was holding the bowl, trembled slightly, but she quickly regained her composure. She looked at Chen Qing indifferently. She didn't expect Chen Qing to remember so quickly.

Lina recalled what had happened after Chen Qing fainted. She looked away slightly and placed the bowl in her hand on the bedside table. With an indifferent expression, she said, "Mr. Chen, did you misunderstand something? The two of us drank the same glass of wine. How could I have drugged you? Please be careful with your words and actions."

With that, Lina walked towards the window.

Chen Qing looked at Lina's back and frowned slightly. He was not a child. How could he be fooled by Lina's words? "Why did you drug me?"

Lina slowly closed her eyes. When she opened them again, her eyes were filled with coldness. She turned back to look at Chen Qing coldly and said, "I'm the Seventh Princess of Europe. You're my bodyguard now. Are you questioning my words?"

Seeing that Chen Qing still wanted to speak, Lina walked towards him and looked down at him, who was sitting on the bed. She questioned word by word, "You're just a bodyguard hired by my father. With your status, you shouldn't have appeared in my room. If Mark's servants see this, I'm afraid..."

"You've already said this before." Chen Qing interrupted Lina mercilessly. He looked at her with a burning gaze. "You don't have to remind me of such things. I've already thought about the difference in status between the two of us before I came. I know what I'm doing."

No matter what the consequences would be in the future, he would accept them without hesitation.

A trace of shock flashed in Lina's eyes, and her heart rate surged. She tried hard to suppress her emotions, but her lips still curved up uncontrollably.

As expected of the man she liked. He was very courageous.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Chen Qing got out of bed and stood in front of Lina. He looked down at Lina and asked softly, "That's not what you said last night. What's wrong with you? And why did you drug me?"

Lina didn't dare to look into Chen Qing's eyes. She lowered her head, tears welling up in her eyes. She hurriedly shook her head and said softly, "It's nothing. It's getting late. I think Mr. Gu and Nian Nian need you. They sent you a few messages previously. I took care of them for you."

When Chen Qing heard Lina's words, a trace of hesitation flashed in his eyes. He was conflicted. Should he deal with the matters involving his boss, or with what happened between him and Lina first?

Lina sniffled and said tearfully, "I heard that Mr. Gu seemed to be slightly injured when he came out of the basement. You should hurry over!"

Second Young Master was injured!

When Chen Qing realized this, he hurriedly took out his phone and scrolled through the latest news.

There was a message from Second Young Madam and Lina, followed by a location sent by Second Young Master. The location seemed to be the hospital in the palace, and there was Second Young Master's ward number below.

Chen Qing tightened his grip on the phone involuntarily. His eyes darkened. If he had been in the basement yesterday, Second Young Master would not have been injured.

His gaze moved away from the phone and fell on Lina's face, his eyes filled with hesitation.

He wanted to know what Lina was thinking.

It was better to say some things directly, lest there was a misunderstanding.

Without waiting for Chen Qing to speak, Lina hurriedly walked to the bed and sat down. She said coquettishly and unreasonably, "Hurry up and leave. I'm really tired. You've been occupying my bed just now, causing me to have nowhere to sleep. You're not allowed to disturb me anymore!"

Just as Chen Qing was about to say something, Lina was already lying on the bed, leaving him with a cold back view.

Seeing this, Chen Qing glanced out of the window. The sky was still dark.