1715 Jealous

"I'll go see Second Young Master. Go to bed first. We'll talk when I get back."

With that, Chen Qing walked towards the window without hesitation and jumped down.

This was the time when the guards were the most tired. Chen Qing nimbly avoided them and left the manor.

When Chen Qing arrived at the palace, he jumped in from the blind spot of the guards. Then, he avoided them and climbed up the outer wall. When he reached Gu Zhou's ward window, he reached out and pushed it open.

At this moment, a dagger was pressed against his neck. 

Chen Qing hurriedly lowered his voice and said, "It's me."

The dagger was retracted, and the hand pulled Chen Qing in. As soon as Chen Qing entered, he met Gu Zhou's curious eyes. He looked to the side and saw Qiao Nian looking at him mockingly. Chen Qing's ears turned slightly red. He said uncomfortably, "I..." "It's fine. There's no need to explain." Qiao Nian smiled and pursed her lips. Thinking of her call with Eldest Senior Brother, she said in a low voice, "We're going to MY now, but Mark still wants to keep an eye on us. Your mission now is to cover for us in the ward."

"Then I'll pretend that you're still in the ward. When the time comes, I'll send food and clothes as usual." Chen Qing nodded, his gaze landing on Gu Zhou's face. Second Young Master had a band- aid on his face, so the wound on his face shouldn't be serious. "Second Young Master, are you injured?"

"It's nothing. It's just a little bruised." Gu Zhou smiled. He reached out and patted Chen Qing's shoulder. "It's been hard on you."
﻿
"Doctor Ollie will help too. If you want to look for Lina, tell Dr. Ollie. If it really doesn't work out, tell the president," Qiao Nian instructed worriedly. If it weren't for the fact that time was tight and the situation was urgent, she really didn't want to disturb Chen Qing and Lina's time.

Hearing Qiao Nian's reminder, Gu Zhou said, "Chen Qing knows what to do."

"Alright, let's go then. The car has been arranged." As Qiao Nian spoke, she glanced at the time on her wrist and tied up her hair. "It's time for their shift to change. Take the opportunity to leave quickly."

"Got it."

Gu Zhou walked to the window and jumped down. Qiao Nian followed closely behind, and the two of them disappeared from the hospital.𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

The time difference between Europe and MY was not big. The plane arrived at MY very quickly. It was noon.

Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian walked out of the airport wearing sunglasses. From afar, they saw a car parked there. The license plate number was the same one Eldest Senior Brother had mentioned.

Qiao Nian's eyes lit up. Holding Gu Zhou's hand, she quickly walked towards the car.

The two of them had just got into the back seat and the car quickly drove away.

Before Qiao Nian could fasten her seatbelt, she fell forward uncontrollably. At this moment, two hands appeared in front of her forehead.

One hand belonged to Gu Zhou. Gu Zhou realized that someone else had touched Qiao Nian. His eyes were filled with hostility, and the cold aura around him made the temperature in the car drop.

Qiao Nian didn't notice Gu Zhou's expression. Her mind was thinking about the man in the driver's seat. She placed her hands on the back of the seat in front of the car and looked at the man beside her curiously. Without hesitation, she touched the man's abdomen.

Gu Zhou's eyes darkened. He coughed and said in a low voice, "Nian'er, Chang Feng is driving. It's very dangerous for you to do this."

A gentle and slightly hoarse voice came from the driver's seat. "It's not."

Gu Zhou's expression grew even darker.

He reached out and wrapped his arm around Qiao Nian's waist, pulling her to his side. Slowly, displeasure filled his eyes as he looked coldly at the man in the driver's seat. "Even Mark can't kill us. I don't want to die in a traffic accident!"

Qiao Nian sat down beside Gu Zhou and realized belatedly that it was indeed a little inappropriate for her to reach out and touch Eldest Senior Brother now.

After Qiao Nian sat down, her beautiful fox-like eyes were filled with flattery. She said gently to Gu Zhou, "Ah Zhou, I was just worried about Eldest Senior Brother's injuries and wondering how his recovery is. Don't be angry, okay?"

Gu Zhou's expression faltered slightly.