Chapter 1716  Sibling Relationship

Gu Zhou quickly regained his composure. His voice was as cold and calm as ever. "I'm not angry. The car is driving very fast now. Your words will affect his driving."

Qiao Nian's beautiful fox-like eyes were filled with confusion. It was obvious that she didn't believe Gu Zhou's words. Smiling, she took Gu Zhou's arm and rested her chin gently on his shoulder. In a gentle voice, she said, "Alright, then I will only examine Eldest Senior Brother's wound after we stop the car!"

Gu Zhou was so angry that sparks flew from his eyes. He narrowed his eyes slightly and looked at Qiao Nian coldly. "How dare you!"

When Qiao Nian heard Gu Zhou's words, she rubbed her chin gently against his shoulder and laughed hysterically.

Chang Feng sat in the driver's seat and glanced at Gu Zhou through the rearview mirror. A smile appeared in his eyes. "Second Young Master is a little different from before. He's a little more childish now."

As soon as Chang Feng finished speaking, Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian looked at his back view at the same time.

Gu Zhou seemed to have thought of something. He lowered his gaze slightly, his eyes darkening.

When his brother was still in the Gu family, he had interacted with Chang Feng a few times and was not familiar with him.

At that time, he had always thought that his brother didn't like him and didn't want to get close to him. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

He had only heard that that person's name was Chang Feng. He didn't know anything else.

Speaking of which, the last time they were chased in MY, Chang Feng had secretly saved him. He had yet to thank Chang Feng.

Chang Feng had a cold appearance and was decisive in his actions. Chen Qing had previously trained by Chang Feng's side, so Chen Qing gave off a similar aura to Change Feng.

Chen Qing looked cold and emotionless but Chang Feng was different.

Chang Feng was more elegant, giving off a magnanimous feeling. He was like a high and mighty god. Even though he had seen all kinds of things in the world, he was still as gentle as the wind.

"Actually, Nian Nian is my sister. We're just siblings. There's no other relationship," Chang Feng explained gently.

Qiao Nian lowered her head slightly and reached out to hold Gu Zhou's hand. Their fingers interlocked. She looked up at Chang Feng, who was sitting in front of her. "Of course Ah Zhou knows that the two of us are siblings, because he knows very well that the person I love the most is him."

Towards the end, Qiao Nian's gaze fell on Gu Zhou's face.

Gu Zhou smiled happily. He stared unblinkingly into Qiao Nian's eyes and asked, "Then how much of your other love has been given to him?"

When Qiao Nian heard this, she instantly frowned and muttered unhappily, "Can't you understand what I just said?"

Gu Zhou naturally understood what Qiao Nian meant. The smile in his eyes grew, and his lips curved up.

Chang Feng was sitting in the front driving. Seeing Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian fooling around, he had a gentle smile on his face.

He really didn't expect his junior sister to be able to get together with Second Young Master. The two of them looked quite good together.

Although he had been in MY all these years, he will still very aware of the situation in the capital.

He also knew that Second Young Master and Little Junior Sister were together and had experienced many difficulties. The two of them seemed to have saved each other and helped each other untie the knots in their hearts.

In the evening, the car gradually stopped.

The setting sun stained the sky red.

Qiao Nian got out of the car and looked at everything in front of her, her eyes filled with surprise.

"Where is this? It's so beautiful!" Qiao Nian exclaimed.

Gu Zhou walked over to Qiao Nian and put his arm around her waist, looking at the scenery in front of him.

They seemed to be on the edge of a coast. The sea in the distance intersected with the sky, and seagulls flew freely in the sky.

The sea breeze gently blew Qiao Nian's hair. Seeing this, Gu Zhou reached out and carefully tidied her hair.

"Ah Zhou, this place is really too beautiful. If we have time in the future, we'll take our children to the beach for a vacation!" Qiao Nian looked at everything in front of her with a longing expression.

All these years, she had been busy with her own matters and had never had time to relax.

After this matter was resolved, she would definitely have fun with the children.

"Okay!"

As soon as Gu Zhou finished speaking, he heard footsteps behind him. He turned around and met Chang Feng's gaze.