Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1717  Meeting

Chang Feng looked at Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian's backs. He had also heard their conversation just now. Looking at Gu Zhou's back, it was as if he had seen Gu Yue's back.

In a daze, he seemed to have returned to many years ago. Gu Yue had made up his mind to pretend to be Mr. Chen and hide by Cui Huai's side.

It had been a long time since Chang Feng had seen Gu Yue's face. When he looked at Gu Zhou, he seemed to have seen Gu Yue.

"This is a place Mr. Chen and I found. This sea area has not been discovered, nor has it been developed." As Chang Feng spoke, he pointed at the duplex villa not far away. "Mr. Chen bought that villa as someone else. This is a secret base. He's inside now. Let's go over!"

Qiao Nian turned to look at Gu Zhou beside her and saw that his gaze was fixed on the villa not far away. His eyes were filled with complicated emotions.

She knew that Gu Zhou was even more timid now that he was close to his family. She reached out and held Gu Zhou's hand tightly, smiling. "Let's go over quickly. We can finally see Big Brother!"

Gu Zhou looked down at Qiao Nian. Meeting her smiling eyes, he couldn't help but smile. He nodded slightly.

Chang Feng walked in front and pushed open the door of the villa.

Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian saw that the villa was overgrown with weeds. The walls at the side were a little mottled, and there seemed to be no signs of anyone living here.

When they walked into the house, they saw that it was spotless.

It was a room decorated in a very simple Japanese style. There were still wind chimes hanging in the corridor.

Chang Feng led Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian to the second floor. When they reached the door of the room at the end of the corridor, Chang Feng looked at Gu Zhou and said in a low voice, "Mr. Chen is inside."

Gu Zhou stood in front of the door and looked at the wooden door. After some hesitation, he knocked.

"Come in."

The voice in the room was low and slightly weathered. It was Mr. Chen's voice they had heard previously.

Gu Zhou lowered his gaze slightly, hiding the complicated emotions in his eyes. He pushed the door open and walked in.

Only Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian walked in. Chang Feng remained at the corridor window and stared at them without blinking.

Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian walked in and walked around the screen. They saw a man standing by the French window.

The man had his back to them and was admiring the scenery outside.

The orange sunset dyed him red. When he turned around, he seemed to be covered in a layer of red.

When Gu Zhou saw the man's face, the light in his eyes gradually spread. He stared unblinkingly at the man in front of him.

It was Big Brother!

The last time he came to MY, his brother was still using Mr. Chen's face, but now he was using his own face and appearing directly in front of him.

At this moment, Gu Zhou's heart seemed to be gripped tightly by an invisible hand. Images of Gu Yue flashed across his mind.

He looked at Gu Yue with a complicated expression and stood rooted to the ground.

Qiao Nian looked at Gu Yue in front of her and suddenly felt a sense of familiarity. She seemed to have seen him somewhere before.

At this moment, some fragments flashed across Qiao Nian's mind. She had dreamed of Gu Yue before.

She only remembered the general plot of her dream, and she had already forgotten most of it. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

But now was not the time to dream. They had more important things to discuss.

Qiao Nian turned to look at Gu Zhou and gently pinched his hand, her eyes filled with smiles. "Don't you have something to tell Big Brother?"

Gu Zhou came back to his senses and slowly lowered his gaze. His long eyelashes cast shdaows under his eyes, hiding the light in his eyes.

Previously, he had been looking for his brother. He wanted to ask him where he had gone and why had he abandoned his family?

However, he already knew these questions. He also knew that Gu Yue had left home for the safety of his family.

He had wanted to call Gu Yue Big Brother, but he recalled that they had not been on good terms in the past. Gu Zhou had always been a cold person, and he did not know if he should speak now.

Actually, Gu Zhou was feeling very conflicted. He felt that he should be able to face Gu Yue calmly, but he had never expected that there would be a day when he would hesitate.