

1718 ChatThê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

If only he could be as calm as before and greet Gu Yue calmly. But now, he wanted to leave.

At this moment, Gu Zhou heard footsteps approaching. Before he could react, he was pulled into Gu Yue's arms.

This was how men usually hugged.

Gu Zhou's expression froze, and his eyes lit up. In the past, he had always thought that his brother hated him, but now it seemed that it was all his imagination.

"Brother."

Seeing the two of them acknowledge each other, Qiao Nian silently retreated to the side, giving the two of them some space.

Gu Yue's eyes flickered, and he let go of Gu Zhou. His gaze fell on Gu Zhou's face, and Gu Zhou's past appearance appeared in his mind. Time had passed, and he had grown up.

He patted Gu Zhou's shoulder. In the past, Gu Zhou had been thin, but now he was much stronger. "In the blink of an eye, you've grown up."

He remembered that Gu Zhou used to be a little gloomy. His personality was like the weather in June, changing at will.

Every time he saw Gu Zhou like this, his heart would ache. He hoped that Gu Zhou would recover soon and be as happy as other children.

However, Gu Zhou always stood there with a cold expression. When he saw Gu Zhou like that, his heart sank.

Perhaps it was because of this that Gu Zhou felt that he hated him every time.

However, after these two meetings, he realized that Gu Zhou was already different from before.

There was already light in Gu Zhou's eyes. The gloominess on his face had disappeared, and he looked much gentler than before.

He really had to thank Chang Feng for sending Qiao Nian to Gu Zhou's side. Only then had Gu Zhou undergone a tremendous change.

This proved that his previous plans had all succeeded. Things had finally developed in the direction of his plan.

Gu Yue's lips curved up slightly. He liked his younger brother very much now. Like Gu Zhou, he was not good at expressing himself. He took a few deep glances at Gu Zhou before saying, "Come and sit."

Gu Yue walked towards the sofa and immediately saw Qiao Nian sitting on it. He met her bright face, especially her soul-stirring fox- like eyes.

Gu Yue's eyes darkened slightly. He pursed his thin lips and sat down on the armchair without batting an eyelid.

Gu Zhou naturally walked over to Qiao Nian and sat down. He glanced at Qiao Nian, then at Gu Yue. With a serious expression, he introduced, "This is Qiao Nian, my wife."

Smiling, Qiao Nian stood up and greeted generously, "Hello, Brother."

Qiao Nian called him "Brother" very smoothly. She wasn't shy at all.

Gu Yue glanced at Qiao Nian and nodded indifferently. "Yes."

After a pause, Gu Yue said, "You're Xiao Bao's mother."

At the mention of Xiao Bao, Gu Yue's expression froze and darkened. "Sit."

Smiling, Qiao Nian sat down beside Gu Zhou. Gu Zhou naturally took her hand and the two of them looked at Gu Yue.
﻿
The sky gradually darkened, and so did the room. The atmosphere became heavy.

Gu Yue looked at Gu Zhou and said seriously, "Chang Feng has already told me about what happened to you in Europe."

When Qiao Nian heard Gu Yue's words, a trace of surprise flashed in her eyes. She thought that Gu Yue would catch up with Gu Zhou, but she didn't expect him to go straight to the point.

At this moment, the door opened, and the fragrance of tea leaves wafted through the room.

Chang Feng placed a tea tray on the coffee table, then arranged teacups for everyone one by one.

Gu Yue looked at Chang Feng and said, "Sit."

"Yes," Chang Feng replied and sat in another armchair.

Chang Feng looked at Qiao Nian and asked, "Previously, you said that the president took the opportunity to take Mark's assets. Is that true? We didn't receive any news."

"Yes." Qiao Nian nodded. "The president took advantage of the Seventh Princess's engagement banquet to take away both of Mark's gold rooms. As there were too many assets, it wasn't easy to expose them. Moreover, the people attending the engagement banquet had all signed confidentiality agreements, so this matter didn't spread."
 