Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

1719 Big Move

When Chang Feng heard Qiao Nian's words, his expression turned serious. He glanced at Gu Yue and said, "Looks like our guess was right."

Gu Yue nodded slightly.

Chang Feng's gaze fell on Qiao Nian's face again. "Recently, Cui Huai has made a big move. We guessed that something else must have happened on his side."

Gu Zhou picked up the tea in front of him thoughtfully and took a sip. Only then did he look at Chang Feng and ask, "What has Cui Huai been busy with recently?"

Chang Feng did not speak and looked directly at Gu Yue, because Gu Yue was the one who was about to share what he had discovered.

Gu Yue's actions of holding the tea did not change. Qiao Nian realized that Gu Yue's posture was exactly the same as Gu Zhou's. If it weren't for the fact that the timing was wrong, she really wanted to take a photo and save it.

"Cui Huai has been training his troops recently. Not only that, but he has also secretly contacted the mercenaries here. I'm guessing that he might be making a big move," Gu Yue said thoughtfully. Then, he placed the teacup in his hand on the coffee table. "We previously realized that he was in contact with Mark, so we think that Mark must have given him some instructions and asked him to prepare in advance."

"Before Chang Feng called you, I happened to be with him. He was on the phone in the bedroom, and I was waiting for him in the living room at the door. I vaguely heard him say that he had been holding back for a long time and could finally make a move. He even said that he had to prepare in advance."
﻿
Gu Yue remembered it very clearly. He even heard Cui Huai kicking a stool. Usually, Cui Huai was very calm. It was difficult for anything to trigger his anger.

It seemed that Cui Huai's wanted to urgently return to the country but the other party rejected his suggestion.

Qiao Nian squinted her eyes. She looked at Gu Zhou and said, "it must be Mark who called him. Mark must have been crazy with anger after last night. A large portion of his wealth was confiscated. Furthermore, Wright basically could not help out at all."

Chang Feng said seriously, "We realized that Cui Huai is actually a tool for Mark to accumulate wealth and train his troops overseas. I guess Mark has long wanted to overthrow the president's rule. Originally, Mark wanted to find a legitimate way to ascend to the position of president, but because the president had snatched his gold rooms away, he couldn't hold back and wanted to rebel urgently!"

Qiao Nian smiled slightly and said, "If Mark wants to rebel, I bet the President will lock him up directly. When that time comes, we can ask about the things that happened 21 years ago clearly."

Gu Zhou looked at Qiao Nian gently.

Actually, through Cui Qi's words, they roughly knew what had happened 21 years ago. However, they wanted to know more details and arrest everyone related to that incident back then to prevent future trouble.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

The four of them started discussing the situation in Europe again. They agreed that it was better to let Mark rebel. After all, if Mark was as timid as before and did not make a big move, they would probably not be able to find a breakthrough.

Gu Yue took out a cigarette. After lighting it, he took a slow drag. His eyes were like pools of ink, and there was no reaction.
﻿
He shook the cigarette ash in his hand into the ashtray and said with a dark expression, "Mark is a more cautious person. Previously, when I heard Cui Huai pick up the phone, I could sense Mark's anger, but I could also sense that he was still very restrained. He can keep his composure. I'm afraid it won't be easy to make him rebel on his own."

Anyone who wanted to achieve great things could keep their composure.

Mark must have understood this principle very well. Otherwise, Mark wouldn't have been able to hide his tracks for so many years.

When Chang Feng and Qiao Nian heard Gu Yue's words, they looked at each other and could see the anxiety and worry in each other's eyes.

Although both sides had many clues, they had not found anything concrete on Mark. It was really infuriating!

Gu Zhou slowly finished the entire cup of tea before placing it on the coffee table. He looked up, revealing a cold expression. With a calm look, he said, "I think Mark can keep his composure, but the people around him might not be able to do so. If Cui Huai brings his troops back to Europe himself, things will be easier for us."