Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

1720 Can't Wait Any Longer

Gu Zhou's thoughts were very simple. Mark was a scheming person, but the people around him did not care as much as him.

If Cui Huai brought his troops to Europe, Mark would have no choice but to rebel even if he did not want to..

If Mark did not rebel, Cui Huai and the people Cui Huai had brought over would definitely suffer a huge blow. Another portion of Mark's power would be cut off.

The other three were not stupid. They naturally understood what Gu Zhou meant.

Qiao Nian smiled at Gu Zhou and continued, "Whether Mark rebels or not, his strength will weaken. When that happens, I think he might not be able to wait any longer."

Actually, she wanted to end all of this long ago.

She had already found her children, but because of what happened 21 years ago and Lu Qi's attack some time ago, she had no choice but to leave them.

It was almost the new year again. She wanted to spend the new year at home with the three children.

When Chang Feng heard Qiao Nian's words, his eyes darkened. He calculated what they would encounter next and said, "Cui Huai has been in MY for so many years. He's strong, and his military forces are also strong. However, we roughly know the troops in his hands. If we can follow Cui Huai to Europe, we'll be able to know more about Mark's deployment. Otherwise, we can only provide the troops he will bring to Europe."

Qiao Nian smiled and said, "Eldest Senior Brother, you don't have to worry. We'll definitely figure out the situation over there. We'll only take action when everything is clear."


﻿
...

At this moment, in Europe.

The President was sitting in his study, reading an introduction to all the items in the gold rooms on his computer. They were simply priceless.

With this money, it would be much easier to do other things in the future.

He could recruit people now.

At the thought of the army, the president's expression darkened. Mark still had the tiger talisman in his hand. That tiger talisman could mobilize the fiercest guards in Europe.

The president looked at the secretary in front of him and said seriously, "Investigate. Investigate carefully. I need to know all of Mark's forces."

"Yes," the secretary replied, then turned around and walked out.

...

MY, seaside villa.

Qiao Nian still wanted to ask Eldest Senior Brother Chang Feng about Cui Huai, but she didn't expect Chang Feng to stand up and look outside with a dark expression.

Darkness enveloped the sea. There was no light outside. The surging waves were like ferocious beasts, opening their mouths wide in intervals, wishing they could swallow someone whole. Chang Feng narrowed his eyes slightly. His face darkened. He looked at Gu Yue and said solemnly, "It's getting late. We should go back."

Chang Feng's muscles tensed up, as if he could enter combat mode in the next moment.
﻿
Qiao Nian's original question was suppressed just like that. She didn't need to ask anything else, because she had already received the answer.

She looked at Chang Feng with heartache and pursed her thin lips.

Eldest Senior Brother was probably on guard against Cui Huai's people at all times. He would probably be vigilant even when he slept.

She glanced at Gu Yue, who was sitting not far away. Big brother probably did the same.

Qiao Nian looked at Gu Zhou beside her. Compared to Gu Yue and Chang Feng's encounters, she felt that her days in Europe seemed to be especially easy.

No matter what, the president and the Lu and Gu families were all protecting them. They did not have to worry about anything else at all.

Gu Yue stood up calmly and nodded. "Yes, I'll go back first. You take care of them."

"Okay."

Gu Yue draped his suit jacket over his arm and walked out.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Gu Zhou watched as Gu Yue left and hurriedly stood up. His expression was serious, and there was a faint light in his eyes. This time, he was very happy to see his brother, and resolve the conflict between the brothers that existed for so many years.

However, they had only met for a short while. He felt that there was still a lot to do and a lot to say.

Qiao Nian stood beside Gu Zhou. She could sense Gu Zhou's intentions, so she said, "Big Brother, please wait a moment. Ah Zhou still has something to tell you."
﻿
Qiao Nian's clear voice rang out in Gu Zhou's ears. He was slightly stunned. He hadn't expected Qiao Nian to say anything out loud. For a moment, he was at a loss.

Gu Yue's hand was already on the doorknob. When he heard Qiao Nian's voice, his cold and handsome face turned around.
 