

1721 Beckoning

The four of them chatted in the villa. Worried that someone outside would discover them, they didn't turn on the lights at all.

In the darkness, Gu Yue's eyes were very bright, like the stars in the night sky, making it impossible to ignore their light.

"Huh?" Gu Yue's gaze fell on Gu Zhou's face.

Qiao Nian let go of Gu Zhou's hand and pushed him forward. Meeting Gu Zhou's puzzled gaze, she said softly with a gentle smile, "Go and tell him your feelings. You have been looking for him all these years and you have always missed him, right?"

Gu Zhou looked at Qiao Nian, who was beside him. His throat moved unconsciously, and he instantly became nervous.

Gu Yue's frown relaxed slightly, and the light in his eyes grew brighter and brighter, as if everything around him was about to be swallowed by the light in his eyes. He looked at Gu Zhou, who was not far away, and his lips curved up slightly. "This matter is almost over. There's still time after it's over. When you return to Europe this time, you have to take good care of Nian Nian and fulfill your responsibilities."

When Gu Zhou heard Gu Yue's words, he retracted his gaze and nodded slightly. "Okay."

Gu Zhou had a lot to say to Gu Yue, but he knew very well that none of this was important. The most important thing now was to find something on Mark.

It wasn't convenient for Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian to send Gu Yue out either. They could only watch Gu Yue drive away from the French window in the room.

Chang Feng had already begun to pack up the things they had used, trying his best to erase any traces of them being here.﻿

Seeing Gu Zhou's dejected expression, Qiao Nian held his hand tightly and comforted him. "Ah Zhou, don't be disappointed. After we settle Mark's matter this time, Big Brother won't have to hide his identity anymore. Then, everyone can be reunited."

Chang Feng, who had just entered, happened to hear Qiao Nian's words. He glanced at Gu Zhou. He really couldn't see any change in Gu Zhou's expression. He didn't know how Nian Nian could tell that Gu Zhou was disappointed.

Gu Zhou didn't speak. He just held Qiao Nian's hand tightly and gently touched the back of her hand.

Seeing that Chang Feng had arrived, Qiao Nian smiled and said, "Eldest Senior Brother, we plan to go back now. We've already booked a plane ticket."

Qiao Nian knew very well that if they stayed in MY and Chang Feng was still taking care of them, Chang Feng would be easily discovered by Cui Huai. When that happens, Chang Feng would definitely be in danger.

She didn't want her Eldest Senior Brother to be hurt in any way.

Chang Feng's phone rang. He took it out and glanced at it. Then, Chang Feng's expressionless face instantly softened, and his tone became much lighter. He said, "There's no hurry. It wasn't easy for you to come here. When someone found out that you were here, he was overjoyed. He said that he wanted to see you."

Qiao Nian looked at Chang Feng in confusion. If she remembered correctly, other than Qin Chuan, she only knew Jiang Chi.

However, Jiang Chi and Chang Feng were on average terms. She and Gu Zhou had secretly flown here. Chang Feng should not have told Jiang Chi that they were here.

After thinking for a long time, Qiao Nian still didn't know who she was meeting. Puzzled, she asked, "Who is it?"
﻿
"He'll be here soon. When he gets there, you'll know who it is."

Chang Feng didn't say a name directly, making Qiao Nian even more confused. Her bright fox-like eyes were filled with confusion. She gave Gu Zhou a suspicious look.

Gu Zhou walked to the sofa with an indifferent expression and slowly poured himself a cup of tea. He took a sip and said, "Don't worry, it's fine if we don't go back tonight. As long as Chen Qing is there, things will be fine."

When Qiao Nian heard Gu Zhou's words, the confusion in her eyes grew more and more obvious. However, after thinking for a long time, she couldn't figure out what Gu Zhou was talking about. She asked, "You know?"

Gu Zhou shook his head.

Qiao Nian sat down beside Gu Zhou, her mind filled with thoughts of who Chang Feng was talking about.

Chang Feng had already tidied up the area downstairs. He would tidy up the area upstairs later.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Since Qiao Nian couldn't figure it out, she stopped thinking about it. She asked about Chang Feng's recent situation and his injuries.
 