Chapter 1722  Can't Be Stopped

Chang Feng only said that he had more free time recently. He also said that his injuries looked serious, but he had already recovered.

Only then did Qiao Nian heave a sigh of relief. However, she still took Chang Feng's pulse. From his pulse, Chang Feng's body was very healthy. He was fine now.

In Europe. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Night fell, and Mark's manor was shrouded in gloom and coldness. The air was filled with danger.

Lina paced nervously back and forth in the room. Her fair and delicate face was filled with melancholy. Her forehead was covered in cold sweat, and her lips were extremely pale.

At this moment, there was a knock on the door.

Two light knocks and three heavy knocks.

Lina immediately walked to the door and opened it. This was the secret code she had agreed on with the servant Via, whom she had brought over from the palace.

Via looked around the corridor. Seeing that there was no one else around, she hurriedly walked in and said to Lina, "Seventh Princess, the Earl has already imposed martial law. There are many guards at all the doors of the manor. The guards have said that no one is allowed to leave the manor, including us. Our phones have already been taken away by the Earl. What should we do now?"

Via continued, "I wonder what Wright is thinking. He insisted on being with the Seventh Princess. He even said that he wanted to spend the night here and asked the Seventh Princess to prepare in advance."

Via knew very well that the Seventh Princess didn't like Wright at all. If Wright insisted on coming here, the Seventh Princess probably wouldn't be able to stop his shameless actions.

Lina had no family here. The only one she could trust was Via.

Lina thought that Mark and Wright would only keep an eye on her and not guard against Via. She didn't expect them to not allow Via to leave either.

She recalled how Wright had asked her to eat with him this morning. Wright had even sworn that he had to be with her tonight!

Lina's frown deepened, and cold sweat broke out on her palms.

Moreover, Wright had specially reminded her that when he woke up, he realized that his neck was sore. He suspected that she had tampered with the soup and was deliberately testing her.

Wright had been very angry all day. He would definitely not let her off tonight.

Via looked at Lina worriedly and said anxiously, "Seventh Princess, let's contact Mr. Chen now!"

In Via's opinion, Chen Qing was very concerned about Lina's safety. With Chen Qing around, Lina would not be bullied by Wright.

Via took out the flare from her pocket and said, "This is the flare Mr. Chen gave me previously. He said that if the princess was in danger, he would rush over as long as I set off the flare!"

This signal flare was specially modified by Chen Qing to look like a fireworks display.

"No!" Lina refused without hesitation. She pursed her lips slightly, her eyes growing firmer. Under Via's pleading gaze, she shook her head gently. "This is something I should face, not something he should face. It has nothing to do with him. If he comes here, Wright might kill him. He's walking into a tiger's den."

Lina was actually glad that Chen Qing wasn't here.

Tears welled up in Via's eyes. Her voice carried a trace of a whimper. "Seventh Princess, if Mr. Chen doesn't come, what will we do? We can't stop Wright at all."

There was a natural disparity in strength between boys and girls. If Lina had practiced martial arts since she was young, she might have been able to make up for this shortcoming. However, Lina had never learned martial arts since she was a young child.

Lina's eyes gradually darkened. A trace of killing intent flashed in them. She said softly, "Go to the kitchen and get me a knife."

When Via heard Lina's words, she covered her mouth in shock. It took her a moment to react. She reminded her carefully, "Seventh Princess, if you do this, you might make Wright even angrier. You can't do that."

At this moment, footsteps came from outside the corridor.

Lina's expression was cold, and her tone grew colder. "I asked you to go. Go now. Why are you saying so much!"

Via nodded and turned to walk out. She didn't forget to close the door as she left. Just as she reached the corridor, she saw someone walking towards her. She tried hard to smile and said very respectfully, "Hello, Prince!"