Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1723  Forced (1)

Wright stopped in his tracks. His eyes were narrowed slightly like those of a poisonous snake as he stared fixedly at Via's face, exuding a cold aura.

Frightened, Via lowered her head, not daring to speak.

At this moment, Wright's voice came from above.

"Is that despicable bodyguard around?"

Via shook her head. "No."

When Wright heard Via's words, he frowned slightly and sighed regretfully. "What a pity. If only he were here."

Wright had already suffered greatly yesterday. Today, he had to seek revenge for all the grievances he had suffered yesterday. If Chen Qing was also here, he had to kill him today.

With that, Wright led the people behind him towards Lina's room.

Via's heart jumped to her throat. She turned around and saw Wright kicking the Seventh Princess's door hard.

Via panicked. Instinctively, she ran towards Lina's door. Then, just as she took a step, she remembered the mission she had been given. She hurriedly ran towards the kitchen.

Wright had already gotten someone to kick the door open. Lina stood in the room coldly, her eyes filled with hatred as she stared at Wright walking in.

The anger in Wright's eyes was like a volcano about to erupt. He stared fixedly at Lina's face, as if Lina was his enemy.

Lina glanced at the people Wright had brought over. She raised her head and put on the airs of a princess. She asked arrogantly, "You brought so many people here. Are you here to visit your fiancée or to fight?"

"Take a guess," Wright said sarcastically.

Lina couldn't be bothered to look at Wright. She turned to look out of the window, as if she didn't see him at all.

Wright recalled that at the engagement banquet, Lina had ignored him, causing him to lose all face. He quickly stepped forward and grabbed Lina's chin, forcing her to look into his eyes. He enunciated each word clearly. "You want to know why I brought so many people here, right?"

Lina frowned at Wright and said nothing.

"Why are you pretending to be innocent? I can't stand your pretentiousness. Let me tell you." Wright's lips curved up slightly as he pinched Lina's chin and enunciated each word clearly. "I'll train you well and let you understand what it means to be husband and wife. I'm afraid you won't understand. I brought so many people here to let them give you pointers!"

Listening to Wright's words, Lina felt as if a bomb had exploded in her mind.

She, the dignified Seventh Princess of Europe, would actually be humiliated by Wright in front of more than ten people!

Wright was worse than a beast!

Lina wanted to push Wright away, but his grip was especially tight. She couldn't escape at all.

Her eyes turned red uncontrollably, and tears welled up in her eyes. She tried hard not to cry, but her words were still vicious. "Wright, I'm telling you, if you dare to do anything rash, I'll never let you off. My father will also punish you for offending him!"

When Wright heard this, the smile on his face grew even brighter. He laughed out loud like a lunatic, but his eyes were cold, like an iceberg that had not melted for a thousand years.

"Your father?" Wright put away the terrifying smile on his face and lowered his head slightly. Seeing Lina's aggrieved and stubborn face in front of him, he enunciated each word clearly. "Your father has already successfully angered my father last night. I'm afraid my father wants to take back everything he lost. Just wait for your incompetent father to go to hell!"

Lina clenched her fists tightly at her sides. She stared coldly at Wright and said nothing.

Wright's smile grew wider and wider. He let go of Lina's chin and gently stroked her face. He said lightly, "Are you afraid? Let me tell you, if you serve me well, I'll consider sparing your life in the future!"

Slap! L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Lina slapped Wright's face.

A clear palm print instantly appeared on Wright's face. He grabbed Lina by the collar and lifted her up. "Do you like to offend me so much? What good will it do you to anger me?"