Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Lina's eyes gradually became gentle. If only time could stop at this moment, she could look at him for a while longer.

The two of them looked at each other with love in their eyes. Just by looking at each other's eyes, they could see each other's feelings.

Suddenly, a vibration interrupted their thoughts.

Lina suddenly retracted her gaze, and the tips of her ears turned slightly red. Her gaze landed on Chen Qing's pants pocket, and she said uncomfortably, "Your, your phone is ringing. Hurry up and answer it!"

Chen Qing frowned slightly. He had yet to recover from his previous state. This was the first time he realized that he liked someone. It was also the first time he felt the feeling of two people who liked each other being together.

Chen Qing took out his phone from his pocket. When he saw the caller ID, he picked up the call without hesitation.

"Second Young Madam."

Qiao Nian had just received a message from Eldest Senior Brother. She knew that Cui Huai was going to bring people back to Europe. This meant that more than half of their previous plan had succeeded. She said in a relaxed and happy tone, "Chen Qing, I have very good news for you. We can go home soon!"

When Chen Qing heard Qiao Nian's words, he tightened his grip on his cell phone and did not say anything.

Qiao Nian was slightly stunned. She thought that it was inconvenient for Chen Qing to talk, so she didn't think too much about it. She asked seriously, "By the way, I just asked you to send Wright back to his room. Has he gone back now?"

"Alright."

Qiao Nian frowned slightly. He should be able to talk about this, right? However, Chen Qing only replied with one word. She didn't know what he meant. She then asked, "He has already been sent to his room, right?"

"Alright."

Qiao Nian was originally very happy, but when she heard Chen Qing's answer, she felt that something was wrong. The joy in her heart instantly disappeared. For a moment, she didn't know what to say to Chen Qing.

"Second Young Madam, is there anything else?"

"No."

"Then I'll hang up first!"

Qiao Nian looked at the phone that had already been hung up and was stunned. Why did she feel that Chen Qing was different from before?

Was it because she asked him to send Wright into the room alone?

Was that why Chen Qing was angry?

Qiao Nian frowned slightly. She felt that something was wrong. Even without Chen Qing standing in front of her, she could feel his resentment.

After Chen Qing hung up, his gaze landed on Lina's face. Just as he was about to speak, he heard Lina speak first.

"Nian Nian must be looking for you for something very important. Go busy yourself!" Lina finally calmed down. Now that the battle was imminent, she had to let go of her personal feelings.

As Lina spoke, she subconsciously pushed open the door and walked in. Chen Qing's voice came from behind her.

"Second Young Madam asked me to protect you at all times. If Seventh Princess doesn't believe me, why don't you call Second Young Madam directly to confirm?"

Lina turned to look at Chen Qing. Her gaze landed on the cell phone in Chen Qing's hand. She subconsciously wanted to take the cell phone away, but she did not expect Chen Qing to hold her hand.

The temperature of his hand was very hot. The heat spread throughout her body along Lina's hand. The scenes of Chen Qing protecting her appeared in her mind and she quickly retracted her hand.

This could not go on. They should not be together.

However, Chen Qing quickly walked into the room and pulled Lina in front of him.

Lina was forcefully made to face Chen Qing. She looked up at Chen Qing and saw his chin.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

There was still some stubble on Chen Qing's chin, as if he didn't have time to clean it up. Her gaze gradually moved up and landed on Chen Qing's tightly shut lips.

The shape of his lips looked as though it was attracting her to kiss him.

Lina quickly threw her messy thoughts to the back of her mind. She subconsciously wanted to take a step back, but Chen Qing pressed her against the door.

Chen Qing looked down at Lina. Seeing that she still looked like she wanted to escape, he called out softly, "Seventh Princess."