

"Huh?" Lina looked up at Chen Qing and was about to ask him to leave when Chen Qing held her waist with one hand and kissed her on the lips when she looked up.

Lina's mind went blank. Her bright eyes were filled with shock as she looked at Chen Qing intently.

It was the last time and just this once. She would never have anything to do with him again.

With this thought in mind, Lina slowly closed her eyes and indulged herself.

Their breathing quickened and their breaths became chaotic.

Lina's mind was in a mess from the kiss. Her only thought was that his lips were as sweet and beautiful as she thought.

Just as Lina was about to suffocate, Chen Qing let go of her. He saw that Lina's eyes were filled with tears, and her pink lips were slightly open, as if she was trying to breathe.

Chen Qing wrapped his right hand around Lina's waist and gently helped her move her back with his left hand. He said softly, "Take it slow. Breathe now. Yes, take it slow. Don't be anxious."

Lina's consciousness gradually returned. She thought about how she had almost suffocated because she had not caught her breath from kissing. She looked at Chen Qing in front of her and frowned slightly. She asked, "Do you kiss often?"

Chen Qing's eyes twinkled when he heard Lina's jealous voice. He said softly, "Never."

"Impossible, you just… You were clearly very skilled just now." Lina pouted and reached out to push Chen Qing away. Unexpectedly, Chen Qing hugged her even tighter. Her body was tightly pressed against Chen Qing's.

Chen Qing looked at Lina's angry expression and smiled. He asked softly, "Are you talking about kissing?"

Lina was already thin-skinned. Now that she heard Chen Qing say it so directly, her face turned even redder. She said angrily, "I…"

Suddenly, a row of footsteps came from outside. Lina's expression changed slightly. Thinking that this was Mark and Wright's place, she was afraid that there would be more trouble if people found out that she and Chen Qing were so intimate.𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Thinking of how the two of them kissed in the room, Lina reached out to cover her chest and said softly, "Fortunately, we didn't do it in the corridor."

"Seventh Princess?"

"Chen Qing," Lina said and subconsciously pushed Chen Qing away. She wanted to distance herself from Chen Qing, but Chen Qing kept his arm around Lina's waist. She was much weaker than Chen Qing and said in frustration, "Let go of me."

Chen Qing frowned but did not let go.

Lina looked at Chen Qing helplessly and said with a serious expression, "Chen Qing, this isn't the presidential palace or a private room. It's Mark's manor. This castle is filled with Mark's people. I'm Wright's fiancée now. It's not appropriate for the two of us to be like this. If Mark finds out about you…"

"It doesn't matter even if he finds out," Chen Qing said with his usual expression. "Mark doesn't care who you're with at all. All he needs now is your status as a princess. If it wasn't for the fact that he needed Wright to marry you, he wouldn't have bailed Wright out."

Lina understood what Chen Qing was saying, but she still shook her head in disapproval and said in a low voice, "Why don't you understand? Wright and I are destined to get married. The two of us can no longer be together."

Her words were like a mountain pressing down on Chen Qing's chest, making him unable to breathe.

Lina lowered her eyes slightly and said in a low voice, "Let's pretend that nothing happened just now. Although I don't know what the outcome will be in the future, you should be returning to An City, right? We…"

Lina took a deep breath and mentally prepared herself. She looked up at Chen Qing. "Even if my father succeeds and you go back to your country, we won't be able to be together. Let's take a step back."

She spoke very quickly. Sensing that Chen Qing's hand on her waist had relaxed slightly, she pushed Chen Qing away and silently moved to the side to maintain a safe distance from him.

She said these words in pain and sadness, but she had to say it because this was reality.

Actually, she regretted it now.