

Lina was thinking that if she had not confessed back then and had not let Chen Qing discover her feelings, Chen Qing might never have realized that he liked her. They would still remain business partners, and Chen Qing would have no regrets.

Lina frowned slightly and looked at Chen Qing. When she met Chen Qing's burning eyes, her heart seemed to be clenched tightly by an invisible hand. It was so painful that she wanted to die.

"Seventh Princess."

"Huh?" Lina tried her best to remain calm and did not dare to look into Chen Qing's eyes guiltily.

Chen Qing took a step forward and grabbed Lina's arm. He asked seriously, "Seventh Princess, we've just kissed and you're going to deny it? Are you not going to take responsibility?"

When Lina heard Chen Qing's words, she frowned and muttered softly, "There are some instances when we can't do as we please. In this world, I can't be responsible for you at all!"

She was about to marry Wright, and there was more to come. There was no time to consider their relationship.

Chen Qing bent down slightly and looked into Lina's eyes. He stared into Lina's eyes and asked word by word, "Why can't you be responsible?"

Lina was too embarrassed to look into Chen Qing's eyes and did not say anything.

Chen Qing looked at Lina's escape and frowned. His chest felt uncomfortable and he couldn't help but say, "Seventh Princess, you should be responsible for me now because we've already kissed. If you abandon me after having an affair, I'll tell Second Young Master and Second Young Madam about this. When the time comes, they'll help me seek justice."

Lina was stunned and looked at Chen Qing in surprise. Why did Chen Qing suddenly become so cute?

"You… I'm afraid this isn't appropriate. Nian Nian and the others know that it's not good," Lina said with a red face.

Chen Qing looked at Lina's flushed face and stood up straight. He stopped teasing her and reached out to hug her waist, pulling her into his arms.

He lowered his head slightly and moved his thin lips to Lina's ear. He lowered his voice and said, "I understand that the current situation is not friendly to us. You're a princess of Europe. You have many concerns. Actually, it's all my fault. If I had realized that I liked you earlier and grabbed your hand, we might not have come to this."

Towards the end, Chen Qing's eyes were filled with heartache. In his opinion, Lina was only in her early twenties. She was still an innocent girl.

"It's all my fault." Chen Qing sighed slightly, his tone filled with self-reproach. "If I had treated you well earlier, you wouldn't have been wronged and gotten hurt."T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

When Lina heard Chen Qing's words, her eyes turned slightly red. She pursed her lips tightly and tried her best to maintain her previous strength.

Chen Qing hugged Lina tightly and said in a low voice, "When these things are over, you'll be free. You won't have any burdens. If you're still willing to be with me, we'll start over. If you're unwilling, I won't force you."

Hearing Chen Qing's words, Lina's uneasy heart gradually calmed down. She looked up at Chen Qing in front of her.

Chen Qing's eyes were filled with sincerity, as if no matter what she chose, he would wait quietly.

At the thought that they might start over, Lina's lips curled up involuntarily. She smiled and said, "Yes, okay."

At this moment, in the palace.

Previously, Mark had already said that Lina and Wright's wedding would be held at Mark's manor, so Mark was the one preparing for the wedding. The president was not busy.

Mark was so busy with the marriage that he didn't have time to give the president more trouble. The president handled his work very quickly, so he had a lot of free time.

In the study, the President sat on the sofa at the side. He looked up at the Gu father and son sitting opposite him. His gaze landed on Gu Ting's face and he hesitated.

Gu Zhou sat beside Gu Ting, but his gaze was also on Gu Ting's face.

At this moment, Gu Ting glanced at the President and Gu Zhou, a trace of surprise flashing across his eyes. He had thought that the President had called him over to send him Lina and Wright's wedding invitations, but now, it seemed like that was not the case.