

Gu Ting was sharp and knew that what would happen next was definitely not simple.

He knew that his youngest son and Nian Nian had been investigating the kidnapping more than 20 years ago, and they realized that this matter was related to the European royal family.

The last time he came to the palace, he realized that the president, his youngest son, and Nian Nian had reached a consensus.Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Gu Ting vaguely felt that the president wanted to borrow the power of the Gu family. As for his youngest son, he was probably here to be the president's lobbyist.

At this moment, Gu Ting heard the President speak and ask him to use the Gu family's ability to support him.

"Mr. President, I've been staying at the embassy. If I interfere, it won't only involve the Gu family, but also Country Z." Gu Ting's voice was steady, powerful, and unwavering. "I'm sorry, I can't agree to your request."

Logically speaking, helping each other's countries required leaders to communicate and reach a cooperation agreement.

He was just an envoy. What he had to do was to express Country Z's stance on affairs.

Back then, the Gu family and the Lu family had both helped the president take over, but that matter had been tacitly approved by the country. He did not dare to make such a big decision easily.

The President listened to Gu Ting's words and knew that negotiations between countries would take months or longer. He frowned and said in a low voice, "I understand that my request is a little too much, but the situation is urgent. If you contact the leaders of your country now, I'm afraid the news will spread. When that happens, our actions will be blocked. Mark might have the upper hand again."

The President frowned slightly. It had to be known that he, Gu Zhou, and Qiao Nian were all fighting to the death this time. If they didn't succeed, they would die.

The Gu family was a big family. If the Gu family was willing to help, he would feel much more at ease. Then, if he failed this time, he would still be able to sit in the president's seat, but there would be more trouble later.

At this point, the president stopped talking. He was the president of a country. Some words would lose their weight if he said too much.

In this study, the only person who could speak casually was Gu Zhou.

As everyone knew, Gu Zhou was Gu Ting's youngest son, but the father and son did not have a good relationship. All the Gu family's businesses in the country were in Gu Zhou's hands, and Gu Ting had been running around overseas.

Gu Zhou and Gu Ting were still very distant.

Gu Zhou glanced at Gu Ting, his expression cold. He said calmly, "Dad, you've been staying in Europe during this period of time. At Seventh Princess and Wright's engagement ceremony, you should have realized Mark's thoughts. If I'm not wrong, their wedding this time will be when the power structure of Europe will be changed."

When Gu Ting heard Gu Zhou's words, his expression instantly darkened. His eyes were filled with anger as he said coldly, "Now that the President is here, there are some things I can't say clearly. But how can you interfere in such a matter? How can you put Nian Nian in danger?"

Gu Ting could also tell what had happened at the engagement banquet. He was dissatisfied that Gu Zhou had actually brought Nian Nian to such a dangerous situation!

Gu Ting was now the envoy of Country Z to Europe. There were some things that were not convenient to investigate. If anything happened during this wedding, he had to be prepared in advance, so he had already agreed to attend the Seventh Princess and Wright's wedding.

He just wanted to protect them.

The President looked at Gu Ting in front of him and his heart gradually sank. He thought that Gu Zhou would be able to persuade Gu Ting, but he did not expect Gu Ting to be like an iron plate that would not budge.

The President pursed his lips and sighed softly. Without the help of the Gu family, he really did not have any confidence at all.

Three days were too short.

If Mark pushed the wedding date back, he might have a chance to find out about Mark's plans. He could also find out everything and be prepared to fight back.

But now, he could only be forced to go to the battlefield.

The president knew that he was short of manpower and that there was not much chance of winning this battle.

Gu Zhou looked into Gu Ting's eyes and thought of what Gu Ting had just said. He slowly retracted his gaze, and a trace of slyness flashed across his eyes.

After that, Gu Zhou said slowly, "By the way, Nian Nian is the Seventh Princess's bridesmaid."