Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1773 Threat

When Gu Ting heard these words, he was so angry that his temples throbbed.

"If it gets chaotic at the wedding, Mark's first reaction will definitely be to catch the Seventh Princess. Nian Nian should be standing beside the Seventh Princess at that time. She has a good relationship with the Seventh Princess and she's loyal. When that time comes, she'll definitely protect the Seventh Princess. Then, Nian Nian and the Seventh Princess will be in a very dangerous situation."

Gu Ting frowned. He narrowed his eyes and looked at Gu Zhou coldly. "Are you deliberately using Nian Nian to threaten me?"

"Dad, you're wrong. I care about Nian Nian so much. How can I hope for her to be in danger?" Gu Zhou looked at Gu Ting calmly, his dark eyes filled with sincerity. "That's why I invited you over. I hope you can help."

Gu Zhou knew very well that in his father's eyes, Nian Nian was more important.

Looking at how much his father cared about Nian Nian, he felt that his father would definitely agree. Gáº¹tt the lğ’‚test ğ’ğ’vğ’†ls at ğ’.o/(v)/e/l/biğ’(.)coğ’

Gu Ting looked at Gu Zhou coldly and stared at him for a long time. In the end, he suppressed his anger and retracted his gaze. He compromised. "I don't want anything to happen to Nian Nian. I'll send the army over, but those people have nothing to do with Country Z."

Gu Ting paused for a moment and continued, "Of course, my people will be there just in case. If Nian Nian isn't in danger, they won't attack."

The President was stunned for a moment. Then, his blue eyes instantly lit up, like the sun in winter. They seemed to illuminate the entire room.

No one knew Gu Ting's true strength, but the President understood that Gu Ting's people would definitely shake the entire Europe.

All these years, Gu Ting had never been in Country Z. Many old money individuals in the world liked to make friends with people like Gu Ting. With a casual wave of Gu Ting's hand, many forces would do their best to help.

A relaxed smile appeared on the President's face. "Mr. Gu, thank you so much."

Gu Ting looked at Gu Zhou coldly before looking at the President. He said politely, "President, you're too polite."

At this moment, Gu Ting's phone rang. The ringtone was especially loud in the quiet study.

Gu Ting took out his phone and took a look. He hung up and said, "President, it's getting late. I'll go back first."

The President knew that Gu Ting was an envoy from Country Z and had many things to do. Furthermore, Gu Ting still had to go back and prepare for the army. The President smiled and nodded in agreement. He took the initiative to get up and help Gu Ting open the study door. "Thank you, Mr. Gu. I'll send someone to send you back to the embassy now."

"Yes." When Gu Ting walked to the President's side, he seemed to have thought of something and said, "When I'm ready, I'll get someone to inform you."

"I hope we can work well together this time too," the President said with a smile.

"Mm, happy working with you."

The President and Gu Ting stood at the door of the study and shook hands solemnly.

Gu Zhou stood at the side with an indifferent expression, as if everything had nothing to do with him.

Gu Ting originally thought that he would only get into the car after leaving the palace, but he did not expect a car to already be stopped outside the study.

Gu Ting recognized this car. It was the president's exclusive car. The president was really sincere.

Moreover, they had just reached an agreement. It seemed that whether he agreed or not, the president would not be angry. He would even get someone to send him back.

Gu Ting naturally understood what the President meant. He turned around and looked at the President. He wanted to say something, but there were many people around him so he only nodded slightly to express his gratitude.

The President smiled. Just as Gu Ting was about to get into the car, the President felt a gust of wind brush past him. Only then did he notice Gu Zhou walking towards the car.

Gu Zhou walked to the car and saw that Gu Ting had already gotten into it. He opened the car door and looked at the driver in the driver's seat. "I'm sorry, I have something to say to my father alone."

When the chauffeur heard Gu Zhou's words, he hurriedly responded and got out of the car.

Gu Zhou got into the car and closed the door.

Only Gu Zhou and Gu Ting were left in the car.

Gu Ting's expression was cold, and his eyes were filled with seriousness. He asked coldly, "What else do you want to say?"