Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1774 Excited

Gu Ting was very dissatisfied with Gu Zhou putting Nian Nian in danger. He frowned. If he wasn't worried that Nian Nian would be hurt, he would never have agreed to interfere.

Gu Zhou looked at Gu Ting in front of him, his cold eyes filled with calmness. He said calmly, "I've already told you before that we have to find out the truth, but the truth is closely related to the European royal family. Nian Nian and the Seventh Princess are good friends. From the beginning, we were already in the game. It's even more impossible for us to get out now."

Gu Ting looked ahead without changing his expression.

"Nian Nian has never been a canary in a cage. She has her own thoughts. I've already prepared for this matter. Besides, I'll do my best to protect her and not let her be hurt at all."

The reason why Gu Zhou said these words was because he hoped that Gu Ting could be at ease.

At this moment, the expression on Gu Ting's face was much gentler. He was clearly very satisfied with Gu Zhou's words.

Seeing this, Gu Zhou's voice softened. He continued, "I didn't chase after you to tell you this. After all, those things are what I should do. I just want to tell you something else."

When Gu Ting heard Gu Zhou's words, he looked at Gu Zhou beside him. "What's the matter?"

"I've already…" At this point, Gu Zhou paused and looked at Gu Ting in front of him. Although Gu Ting looked very young, he was old after all. He was worried that Gu Ting would not be able to accept it. "If we succeed, we can see Big Brother at the wedding banquet."

When Gu Ting heard Gu Zhou's words, his pupils dilated, and his eyes were filled with surprise.

His tightly pursed lips trembled slightly, and he slowly looked away before saying, "I understand. Go busy yourself!"

When Gu Zhou heard Gu Ting's words, he glanced at Gu Ting through the rearview mirror. Gu Ting had already returned to his usual appearance. The emotions on his face could not be seen at all.

Gu Zhou opened the car door and got out. He placed his hand on the car door and looked at Gu Ting's side profile.

Although he and his brother had only seen Gu Ting a few times, he and his brother were very similar to their father. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

He thought that if the person who had just said that his brother would appear at the wedding banquet was an outsider, his father's face would probably not be moved at all.

Gu Zhou closed the car door and turned to leave.

Only Gu Ting was left in the car.

Gu Ting's mind raced. He had thought that Gu Yue was no longer alive, but from what Gu Zhou had said, it meant that Gu Yue was still alive.

Gu Yue would also appear at the wedding banquet of the Seventh Princess and Wright this time, which meant that Gu Yue knew very well what was about to happen at the wedding banquet.

A crack appeared in Gu Ting's upright sitting posture.

Could it be that Gu Yue's disappearance had always been because of that matter?

Gu Ting clenched his fists tightly. It turned out that his child had already entered a combat state so early. Only he did not know anything.

Logically speaking, he should be protecting his children.

Gu Ting's body gradually softened. He leaned back in his chair, his eyes filled with guilt.

However, when the chauffeur got into the car, Gu Ting returned to his meticulous sitting posture, as if his face and body had never been moved.

Of course, Gu Zhou was the same. His face was indifferent.

The President saw Gu Zhou walking over. Just now, in the study, Gu Ting had been very dissatisfied with what Gu Zhou had said. He thought that Gu Zhou had been scolded in the car and asked worriedly, "How are you?"

"I'm fine."

The President smiled at Gu Zhou and said, "Thank you for today. If it weren't for you, I don't think Mr. Gu would have agreed to intervene."

A smile appeared on Gu Zhou's lips as he said, "Actually, I have to thank Nian Nian for this. Father is very worried about her. He only intervened because of Nian Nian."

The heavy burden on the President's shoulders disappeared. At this moment, he put his arm around Gu Zhou's shoulder and joked, "It seems that your father cares more about your wife. Let's go and drink. We won't go home until we're drunk."

"Okay."

Gu Zhou followed the President towards the living room. Today, the President looked different from usual. He looked especially excited.