Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

1775 Why Are You So Fierce?

The day before the wedding.

Gu Ting now represented the envoy of Country Z. His people had all been handed over to Gu Zhou and were under his name.

Some of them pretended to be performers after the wedding ceremony and rested in the small villa beside them. Some of them hid in the dark and were casually preparing to attack.𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Before the wedding, the president not only invited Gu Ting, but he also secretly called back his trusted troops in the country and privately contacted many good friends.

As for Mark, of course he noticed that the president had transferred his personal troops over, but he didn't take the president seriously at all.

For so many years, Mark had been recruiting troops. Cui Huai had been helping him accumulate wealth and train elite soldiers in MY. He had far more people under him than the president.

This time, Cui Huai brought Chen Sheng and Sha He to Europe. As for the remaining people, they would arrive in batches.

One had to know that the marriage of the Seventh Princess of Europe had caused a sensation throughout the world. Many people wanted to come to Europe to see the Seventh Princess's wedding. In an instant, Europe became a popular travel destination, and the number of people entering and exiting the country soared.

Cui Huai kept a low profile. He got off the plane with his men and went straight to the hotel he had booked in advance.

Fortunately, they had booked a hotel in advance. Otherwise, they might have to leave the hotel like those who had not booked a room with their luggage.
﻿
Cui Huai walked into the hotel and stood in front of the floor-to- ceiling window to look at the scene outside. This was between Mark's manor and the palace. He narrowed his eyes slightly and said with emotion, "After so many years, this place has changed a lot." 

Sha He looked at the surrounding environment and then looked outside. He exclaimed, "Oh my god, Europe is so rich. What's with the outer wall? It looks like it's glowing. The selection materials in this hotel are also good. It's really blinding. It's much better than what we have!"

Chen Sheng was the last to enter. The hotel butler even helped push his luggage in. Just as he was about to move it down, he heard a cold voice. "Don't touch it. You don't have to move it!"

The hotel attendant was frightened by Sha He's murderous gaze and could not help but tremble.

When Cui Huai heard Sha He's voice, he frowned. "Why are you so fierce?"

He was afraid that others would know that their luggage was filled with firearms.

Chen Sheng walked up to the butler with a gentle smile on his face and said, "I'm sorry, my friend must have frightened you. He's a little irritable. He just prefers to carry his own luggage. We can just move these down ourselves."

The hotel butler looked at Chen Sheng's face. When he heard Chen Sheng's explanation and saw that Chen Sheng had given him money, he smiled and said, "I understand, I understand. It's fine. If the three of you have any other needs, you just have to call the front desk!"

"Thank you. It's been hard on you this time." Chen Sheng patted the hotel attendant's shoulder gently. After the hotel attendant left, Chen Sheng immediately closed the hotel door.
﻿
Cui Huai sat on the sofa at the side and looked at Chen Sheng in satisfaction. Previously, he had arranged for Chen Sheng to sit in the HH Corporation's position, so he let Chen Sheng handle the external cooperation. Chen Sheng did everything very well.

If Chen Sheng hadn't come today, he would have had to clean up Sha He's mess.

"Alright, learn more from Chen Sheng in the future. You're emitting all the hostility in your body. Others will know at a glance that you're not to be trifled with. It's easy for people to keep an eye on you if anything happens. You have to learn to be refined in the future." Cui Huai looked at Sha He and said earnestly.

Sha He was good at everything, but he was too rash.

Sha He took down the luggage from the cart. These were all things sent by his European brothers. They were filled with guns and ammunition. He did not want others to discover them.

He leaned over to Chen Sheng and whispered, "I've fallen out of favor. Boss doesn't like me anymore. He only likes you."

Chen Sheng looked at Sha He's resentful expression and patted his shoulder with a smile. "You're thinking too much. Boss likes you the most. You've been doted on for so many years!"

Sha He thought for a moment and smiled too.

Chen Sheng and Sha He cleaned up Cui Huai's suite and returned to their rooms.

Chen Sheng held his luggage in his hand. When he walked to his room, he finally let down his guard.
﻿