Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

1776 Appearing In Person

Chen Sheng lowered his eyes slightly. Although Cui Huai kept saying that he would never doubt him, there were times when Cui Huai would subconsciously doubt him.

Cui Huai really trusted Sha He 100%. Sha He could complete every mission Cui Huai had arranged very well, but in their daily interactions, Sha He was a person who attacked indiscriminately. Cui Huai needed to be careful during this trip to Europe. Sha He's bad temper could easily attract people's attention, so Cui Huai instructed him to give Sha He a few reminders.

He thought that Cui Huai needed a subordinate who was usually not eye-catching and could deliver a fatal blow to the enemy at critical moments.

The corners of Chen Sheng's lips curled up slightly. If there was really such a person, why would he be willing to follow Cui Huai?

...

Cui Huai stood in front of the French windows and looked at the scenery outside. Although he had not been here for a long time, everything here made him feel very nostalgic.

There was the sound of his cell phone vibrating in his pocket. He took it out. When he saw the message on his cell phone, his eyes lit up.

He walked out.

In the lobby on the first floor.

Chen Sheng and Sha He carried their food and chatted casually as they walked towards the elevator on the first floor.

Chen Sheng saw that there was no one else in the lobby on the first floor other than the staff. There were no outsiders outside, and it was as if the hotel had been cleared.

"The food here isn't expensive. I'll definitely eat all the food here later." Sha He originally wanted to go to a nearby restaurant to eat, but the place was too full. The two of them could only buy some food from a nearby fast-food restaurant and bring it back to eat.

"Yes, I heard that there's more delicious food here," Chen Sheng echoed. He looked around imperceptibly, wondering if some big shot was about to arrive.

At this moment, Sha He's phone rang. After Sha He picked up the call, he said to Chen Sheng, "Go up first. Boss asked me to wait for him here."

Chen Sheng smiled and responded. He entered the elevator directly. Just as the elevator door was about to close, Chen Sheng saw someone walking in from outside the hotel.

That person was swift and tough. His face was square, and he exuded a domineering aura from head to toe, making everyone around him retreat. 

Mark.

At this moment, Chen Sheng realized how important Cui Huai was to Mark.

As soon as they arrived, Mark came over personally.

Mark couldn't care less about the wedding now.

Mark noticed the gazes around him and looked up to see the elevator door that had closed.

Chen Sheng had already seen Mark's face clearly, but Mark had yet to see Chen Sheng.

The elevator at the side opened and Cui Huai rushed out. He said to Sha He beside him, who was still holding the lunch box, "Let's go!"

"Yes." Sha He immediately became serious.
﻿
When Cui Huai brought Sha He to Mark, the sharpness in his body instantly disappeared, leaving only gentleness. He looked at Mark in front of him and said with a smile, "Earl, if there's anything, just let me know."

Sha He looked at Cui Huai's attitude and listened to Cui Huai's words. His mind went blank for a moment before he realized that the man in front of him was the boss behind their boss, Cui Huai.

Earl?

Sha He was from Europe to begin with, so he naturally knew who the person in front of him was. He immediately became serious. Mark retracted his gaze from the elevator and looked at Cui Huai. His gaze then landed on Sha He's face as he asked, "Someone just entered the elevator. It's one of your people!"𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Cui Huai did not see what had just happened, so he did not say anything. He turned back to look at Sha He behind him. "Do you know who it was?"

Sha He nodded and said, "It was Chen Sheng who went in just now. The two of us went to buy food together."

When Cui Huai heard Sha He's words, a trace of surprise flashed across his eyes. He did not understand why Mark would ask about Chen Sheng. Could it be that Mark was interested in Chen Sheng?

This was not right either. If Mark had only taken a glance at Chen Sheng and did not know his background, why would he be interested in him?

Cui Huai recalled that Mark's lover was also from Country Z and made a bold guess.

Could Mark be bisexual?!
 