Chapter 1777 Trustworthy

When Cui Huai was still a general, he knew that many nobles liked both men and women. He had never heard Mark mention anything before, so he thought that Mark was heterosexual.

Cui Huai said in detail, "Chen Sheng came with me. He's very smart and has been by my side for many years."

"Doesn't look like someone from MY," Mark said thoughtfully.

"He's from Country Z," Cui Huai said.

Mark frowned and hesitated before asking, "Can I trust him?"

At the mention of the people from Country Z, Mark thought of Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian, who had been causing trouble for him recently. His mood darkened.

Cui Huai looked at Mark and instantly understood that he had thought wrongly. He explained kindly, "He has been by my side for many years and has made many great contributions. I trust him."

Mark's tightly furrowed brows slowly relaxed as he said, "Ok."

Mark trusted Cui Huai's judgment very much. If he could make great contributions, it meant that Chen Sheng was capable. He had probably gone against the Gu and Lu families before. In that case, there was no problem. "I just wanted to come and see you to welcome you."

"Earl, you're too polite." Cui Huai's face was filled with gratitude as he said, "You've been preparing for the wedding recently. You're still here to pick me up despite your busy schedule. You're too polite. Don't worry, I'll definitely do things appropriately."

When Mark heard Cui Huai's words, the smile on his face deepened. He said, "You're the most important person to me. Of course I have to pick you up personally."

At this moment, on the top floor of the hotel.

Chen Sheng later found out that the entire hotel had been booked by Mark.

After Mark left, the entire hotel's service staff provided them with top-notch services directly.

He was now staying in the same top presidential suite as Cui Huai.

In the 270-degree glass living room, he could see everything outside through the window.

Chen Sheng had been in MY for so long that he had gradually forgotten his original life.

As long as tonight was over, his original wandering life would end.

At this moment, Chen Sheng's phone vibrated. He took out his phone and glanced at it. It was a call from Chang Feng.

"Our people have already arrived. They even sent over the internal situation of the manor. They've almost figured it out. I've already made simple arrangements. Take a look and see if there's a need to change it."

Chen Sheng nodded and opened his email. He looked at Chang Feng's deployment carefully. The documents on the phone screen were reflected on his gold-rimmed glasses.

After a long time, Chen Sheng said, "Yes, the deployment is very detailed. Send it to them directly." T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"Okay." Chang Feng quickly sent the email to Qiao Nian. After sending this, he seemed to have thought of something and said hesitantly, "I've already sent the document to them. I think they'll definitely think of a countermeasure in advance and deal with it calmly."

"Alright."

Chang Feng frowned slightly when he heard Chen Sheng's words.

Although Chen Sheng only said one word, he could still feel Chen Sheng's low mood. He quickly comforted him, "Are you worried about tomorrow's matter, or are you worried about them?"

Chang Feng did not say who the people were, but Chen Sheng knew that Chang Feng was talking about Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian.

Chen Sheng thought of their faces and a hint of loneliness flashed in his smiling eyes. He said calmly, "They're already grown up and smart. I'm not worried about them."

When Chang Feng heard Chen Sheng's words, his tone softened again and he asked, "Then you are…"

"We've spent too much time on this."

When Chang Feng heard this, he fell silent.

They had been together for so many years, so he immediately understood what Gu Yue meant.

In just a few years, they had walked to Cui Huai's side and become the person Cui Huai trusted. They could even indirectly influence Cui Huai's thoughts. Some people might not be able to do it even if they took decades.

Cui Huai was not a fool. On the contrary, Cui Huai was very smart. It was easy for him to use the words "army god" on Cui Huai.

The battle between Gu Yue and Cui Huai was always difficult. If he was not careful, Gu Yue might be consigned to eternal damnation.

Gu Yue had already done very well, but Gu Yue seemed to be very strict with himself.

Gu Yue had clearly obtained the full marks for his test, but he wanted to hand in his paper in advance and leave ordinary people far behind.