

1778 You'll Panic if You're Concerned

Chang Feng: I don't understand the world of geniuses.

Chang Feng thought for a moment and finally said, "I'll look for you tomorrow. At that time..."

"There's no need." Chen Sheng interrupted Chang Feng and said with a smile, "It's so dangerous tomorrow. If you come over, it's very likely that they'll be on guard and this will increase the risk of us being exposed. I've taught you this before."

Chen Sheng knew very well that although he had already obtained Cui Huai's trust, it was not much.

If Sha He brought one more person to Cui Huai's side, Cui Huai might just chase him away and not think too much about it.𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

However, he was different. His position was very dangerous. He had to obediently obey all of Cui Huai's orders.

Chang Feng frowned slightly when he heard Chen Sheng's words. Actually, he did not care about his own exposure at all. His thoughts were very simple. As long as he could fight with Chen Sheng, everything did not matter.

Chen Sheng and Chang Feng had been together for so long. He knew Chang Feng very well and guessed what Chang Feng would say next. Hence, he said, "Sometimes, you'll panic if you're concerned. It's getting late. Rest early!"

Before Chang Feng could think of anything to say, Chen Sheng had already hung up.

Mark's manor.

Lina leaned against the sofa with a book in her hand. Her gaze fell on the fireplace in front of her. She looked at the burning candle flame and her thoughts had already drifted away.
﻿
Qiao Nian sat on the other side of the sofa and looked at the email from Eldest Senior Brother. She studied it carefully and heaved a sigh of relief.

Lina came back to her senses and leaned towards Qiao Nian. She asked curiously, "What are you looking at?"

She looked at the things displayed on Qiao Nian's phone screen and her mind was in a mess. She asked curiously, "What is this?"

"Code." Qiao Nian smiled at Lina and sent a message to Gu Zhou. Her gaze landed on Lina's face and she smiled. "In order to prevent others from stealing our information, we always use codes to send information. I'll send a copy to Gu Zhou now. When the time comes, he can prepare in advance."

When Lina heard Qiao Nian's words, her eyes instantly lit up. She covered her mouth with both hands and looked at Qiao Nian in disbelief. "Could it be this legendary code for hackers to communicate? I heard that many spies also use this method to communicate? Nian Nian, you know a lot. You're so awesome!" 

When Qiao Nian heard Lina's words, she noticed that Lina had always admired her. She pursed her lips slightly and looked at Lina with a smile after sending the message.

When she smiled, there was starlight in her beautiful fox eyes. She was so beautiful that it was suffocating and made people want to follow her.

"Lina."

"Oh?"

"Actually, you're very awesome too."

When she heard Qiao Nian's words, Lina was slightly stunned. She looked at Qiao Nian in disbelief. Then, she shook her head helplessly and leaned against the sofa. She took a pillow beside her and hugged it. "Nian Nian, actually, you don't have to comfort me. I understand."

Lina lowered her eyes slightly and said softly, "I'm really not useful at all. I'm not as good as you, and I'm not smart. Most of the time, I'm a burden to others."

Lina laughed at herself and said in a low voice, "Perhaps I came from a better family, but other than being a princess, I'm useless in other places."

Qiao Nian put down her phone and sat beside Lina. Her gaze landed on Lina's face as she smiled and said, "Lina, you're very outstanding. Your heart is filled with kindness and love. You'll work hard to protect the person you love."

When Qiao Nian said this, her gaze fell on Lina's hand. She said softly, "At such a dangerous time, in order to protect Via, you caught the sharp knife with your bare hands."

"You're clearly afraid of Mark, but you're still willing to accompany me to search Mark's castle. In order to save me, you faced Mark alone." Seeing that Lina was staring at her intently, Qiao Nian said seriously, "Not everyone can face the fear in their hearts directly. Most people can't do it, but you did."
 