Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

1781 Afraid

The next morning, Mark's manor was very lively. The servants were busy with the wedding.

The wedding scene was in the hall on the first floor of Mark's manor. The hall was dazzling and filled with chairs so that Mark's people could take their seats. As for the tables, Mark didn't think anyone in the hall would be in the mood to eat today.

Tables and chairs were placed on the lawn outside. The tables and chairs here were reserved for the foreign envoys who were attending the Seventh Princess Lina's wedding.

Chen Qing did not sleep much last night. He arrived at Mark's manor early in the morning and began to pack under the butler's instructions.

As the first infiltrator, Chen Qing had already reported the situation inside to Gu Zhou.

Gu Zhou received a message from his eldest brother last night.

Today, he received a message from Chen Qing. After verifying it and realizing that there was no problem, he said to the President beside him, "Mark wants to resolve everything in the hall this time. His own people have been arranged inside."

The President looked at Mark's deployment map and frowned. He said sadly, "According to Mark's arrangements, there's no way we can arrange for our people to be inside. Our people are all on the periphery. If he closes the door of the castle and stages a coup in the hall, our people won't be able to arrive in time."Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

When Gu Zhou heard the President's words, his eyes changed slightly. He smiled and said, "There are many of our people here, as well as two sharper swords."

When the President heard Gu Zhou's words, he was stunned for a moment. He asked curiously, "Your people are inside?"
﻿
The president was really shocked. He had fought with Mark for so many years, but he had not been able to plant his own people around him, let alone investigate Mark's background.

Gu Zhou had actually planted his own people around Mark long ago.

Gu Zhou noticed the president's change in mood and said nonchalantly, "Our people were able to enter because someone touched our family members. We only found out recently that Mark was behind those people."

The President smiled awkwardly. He hadn't expected Gu Zhou to be so sensitive to his changes. He hurriedly smiled and said, "Yes, I know. You've been investigating the kidnapping case from many years ago. As we have a common enemy, we've joined forces."

The president was actually a little afraid of Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian's strength. At first, he only felt that these two people were young and did not take their strength seriously.

Even the world-renowned doctor, Dr. Ollie, admired Qiao Nian's medical skills. Later on, he heard from Lina that Qiao Nian was very skilled. Yesterday night, he realized that Qiao Nian was actually a hacker expert. He no longer dared to look at Qiao Nian with ordinary eyes.

As for Gu Zhou, he did not seem to be very powerful, but his super sharp senses and observation skills could immediately formulate an implementable plan. He could take a step at a time but think of 100 steps in the future. Ordinary people could not compare to him.

If the two of them were his enemies, the president felt that he might quickly disarm and surrender.

At this moment, there was a knock on the door, followed by the secretary's voice. "Mr. President, the Earl's butler called and said that he wants us to go over early."
﻿
When the President heard the secretary's words, his face instantly darkened. He muttered angrily, "He's been waiting for this day for a long time. Now, he can't help but want to rebel. He can't wait a second longer!"

"Let's go!" Gu Zhou smiled and said, "I'm looking forward to today's triumphant return."

When the President heard Gu Zhou's words, his uneasy heart calmed down. He also understood that he had to stabilize his emotions now and let the people following him see confidence.

...

Mark's Manor.

Qiao Nian helped the makeup artist comb Lina's hair. Seeing that Lina was sitting in front of the dressing mirror with a tired expression, she waited for the makeup artist to finish her makeup. She asked the makeup artist to go out and leaned towards Lina. She asked in a low voice, "What's wrong? Don't you like today's makeup?"

Although the makeup artist had helped Lina put on her makeup, Qiao Nian had specially planned for it to reveal Lina's beauty.

Lina looked at Qiao Nian with red eyes.
 