Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1782 I Will Give It To You

Lina shook her head and said in a low voice, "I like the makeup you designed for me, but I…"

Qiao Nian pulled a chair over and sat beside Lina. She smiled and said, "Could it be that you're very sad because you're with someone you don't like at this wedding?" Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Lina widened her eyes in disbelief and asked seriously, "Nian Nian, do you know how to read minds?"

Qiao Nian smiled and shook her head. "Because when I was young, I also thought about having a dream wedding with my favorite person. I used to look forward to the wedding, but…"

When Lina heard Qiao Nian's words, she couldn't help but interrupt her. "Then did something unpleasant happen at your wedding with Mr. Gu?"

When Qiao Nian heard Lina's question, she hesitated for a moment. She and Gu Zhou had only registered their marriage and had yet to hold a wedding.

However, if the two of them were to hold a wedding, she would definitely feel especially happy.

Qiao Nian quickly retracted her thoughts. She looked at Lina in front of her and said seriously, "None of this is important. What's important is that for today's wedding, treat it as if you're filming a television drama. You'll definitely have a blissful wedding in the future!"

At this moment, Chen Qing's resolute voice came from the door. "Don't worry, I'll definitely give you a happier and better wedding."

Hearing Chen Qing's voice, Lina's heart was in her throat. She tilted her head and looked at the door.

The sunlight shone through the window and onto him, as if giving him a layer of golden light.

His eyes were filled with gentleness and love, making Lina's heart beat non-stop. She no longer had the disappointment from before.

Qiao Nian looked at Lina's eyes and couldn't help but laugh. Love could indeed change people's attitudes instantly.

Seeing the two of them looking at each other lovingly, Qiao Nian couldn't help but remind them, "Alright, it's getting late. Chen Qing, did something happen over there?"

Chen Qing retracted his gaze from Lina's face and looked at Qiao Nian. His expression was cold and his voice was serious. "Everything is ready now. The guests have all arrived, but the foreign guests and the media are all outside the castle. It's just a formality over there. Mark's people are all in the hall of the castle."

Qiao Nian also knew Mark's seating arrangement. She narrowed her eyes slightly and smiled coldly. "It seems that he plans to end everything in the castle. At that time, he'll walk out of the castle with the mentality of a victor and announce the news of his succession."

As Lina's father, the president definitely had to sit in the castle.

"How bold." Chen Qing frowned.

"He's always been like this." Qiao Nian tried her best to smile. She wanted to face all of this in her best state. Her gaze landed on Lina's face. "Lina, I think Mark will definitely start with you. It'll definitely be especially dangerous later. I'll protect you in front. You have to remember to protect yourself too."

Lina's expression was serious. She reached for the gun at her waist and nodded. "Nian Nian, I'll protect myself."

Chen Qing walked up to Lina and looked at her. She was really beautiful today. Thinking of what she was about to face, he said solemnly, "Be careful. Don't trust others."

When Lina heard Chen Qing's concerned voice, the corners of her lips curled up slightly. She nodded. "I know. I'll definitely be careful. Be careful too."

"Alright."

Chen Qing received Lina's concern and turned to walk out.

There was a two-meter-wide red carpet between Wright's manor and Mark's.

Qiao Nian helped Lina onto the red carpet. Seeing that Lina was a little nervous, she said in a low voice, "Don't worry, I'll take care of everything."

Lina smiled and nodded.

Lina walked on the red carpet. She looked up and silently prayed that they would succeed this time.

There were many of Mark's allies on both sides of the red carpet. When those people saw Lina coming out, they placed flowers and applauded, as if everything was very exciting.

When Lina walked out of the shadow of the castle and the sunlight shone on her, everyone's eyes were instantly attracted to her. The photographers at the side were all stunned.