Chapter 1783 Ambush

Lina was wearing a red dress. The bright red contrasted with her fair skin. The gold-threaded dress shone in the sun. She was like a princess in an anime. She shined magically.

The fireworks in the air were like little fairies, adding fairydust around Lina.

Chen Qing, who was disguised as a Si Li, stood not far away and looked at Lina in surprise. His heart was beating so fast, as if it was going to jump out of his chest in the next second.

He had just seen Lina in the room and was already stunned. At this moment, the way Lina looked under the sun made him realize that only a peerless beauty like Lina was worthy of being a princess.

Lina noticed that everyone was stunned, and a trace of confusion flashed across her eyes. She thought that she had been rude and turned to look at Qiao Nian.

Qiao Nian was wearing a white dress today. The dress was the simplest style. She didn't want to steal Lina's limelight, but her beautiful facial features were still beautiful under the sun.

She saw Lina's confusion and whispered, "Don't worry. They're just stunned by your beauty."

Lina looked down at herself and realized that her clothes were shining in the sun. She smiled at Qiao Nian. "I think your dress looks better."

Lina looked away and continued walking forward.

The hem of this dress looked very big, but there was actually a secret. There was actually a gun inside. With the dress propped up, she could directly untie the strap and take it off. She did not have to worry about restricting her movements.

Lina walked across the lawn outside and continued to walk forward. When she reached the hall of Mark's manor, she felt the cold gazes around her and her heart gradually sank.

At this moment, Wright was standing beside the emcee. His eyes were dull, and he looked like a fool.

Lina threw aside the messy thoughts in her heart and walked up. She walked to Wright and tilted her head to look at her father, who was sitting in the first row, her heart filled with worry.

She glanced around again. She had never seen the people sitting below before. As for the royal family, they did not seem to be here.

Those people's gazes were filled with ruthlessness, as if they wanted to skin her alive.

Lina could not help but clench her fists. At this moment, she roughly understood how difficult today's situation was.

She couldn't listen to the words the emcee said next to her. She glanced at the stunned Wright and inadvertently looked at the emcee's scalded wrist. She frowned slightly.

The emcee did not look like a real emcee. Instead, he was someone Mark had casually found.

Qiao Nian stood beside Lina and looked at the people below the stage. Her gaze finally landed on Mark's face.

Mark was also sitting in the first row at this moment. His expression was serious and his brows were furrowed, as if he was a little dissatisfied with the wedding process.

At this moment, Mark raised his hand and coughed twice.

Then, Qiao Nian realized that the people sitting beside Mark seemed to have received a signal and were staring at the president fiercely.

Qiao Nian's heart skipped a beat. She subconsciously looked at the President. At this moment, Gu Zhou was disguised as the President's guard. He sensitively noticed the fierce gazes of the people around him and narrowed his eyes dangerously.

When the emcee heard Mark's cough, he paused for a moment in a congratulatory tone. Then, he smiled and said, "I know. The groom must be eager to exchange rings with the bride now. Newlyweds, please exchange rings!"

With that, the emcee handed the microphone to the person who handed him the rings. He took a ring and was about to put it on Lina.

Lina frowned slightly and subconsciously retracted her hand. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

The emcee looked at Lina's refusal and frowned. "Seventh Princess, it's time to exchange rings!"

Qiao Nian took a step forward and slapped the emcee hard.

"You!" The emcee looked at Qiao Nian in disbelief. This was the Seventh Princess's wedding, but this woman actually dared to disrupt it.

Qiao Nian looked at the emcee in front of her and said coldly, "Emcee, what are you doing? Are you the groom? How dare you put a ring on the princess?"

The emcee frowned and subconsciously looked at Mark, who was sitting in the first row.