Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1820 - 1820 Discovery

That shouldn’t be the case.

Eldest Senior Brother’s skills were considered top-notch in the world. How could Xiao Bao discover him?

When Xiao Bao walked to the side of the forest, he stepped on the grass and walked in step by step.

Gu Qi and Xiao Shi looked at Xiao Bao in confusion, not understanding what had happened.

Xiao Shi looked up at Qiao Nian. Seeing that his mother also had a solemn expression, he hesitated for a moment and asked, “Mommy, Second Brother…”

“It’s fine.” Qiao Nian frowned slightly as she looked at Xiao Bao in front of her. Her heart was in her throat.

Gu Qi looked at Qiao Nian’s expression and then at the direction Xiao Bao had walked in, deep in thought.

Chang Feng, who had been standing behind the tree trunk, naturally noticed Xiao Bao walking over. He frowned and looked down at his clothes.

He usually wore a suit and every button was buttoned up. Moreover, the tree in front of him was very big. Logically speaking, Xiao Bao should not have discovered him.

Could it be because of his smell?

But that wasn’t right either.

Over the years, he had been walking on thin ice beside Cui Huai. In order to hide his figure, the soap he used was common on the market. Logically speaking, Xiao Bao should not have noticed him because of his smell.

Chang Feng lowered his eyes slightly, his eyes filled with panic and hesitation. He did not know if he should leave.

He had been by Gu Yue’s side for so long and had won Gu Yue’s heart. That was because he was decisive and never sloppy.

But he hesitated now.

He had followed his junior sister here because he wanted to take a look at Xiao Bao before leaving.

Now, he couldn’t help but want more. He really wanted to pick Xiao Bao up and tell him that he missed him very much.

Hearing Xiao Bao’s approaching footsteps, Chang Feng looked up at the thick tree trunk. As long as he went up the tree, Xiao Bao would leave if he could not find him.

He hesitated for about a minute. In the end, reason overcame greed. If this was a battle with the enemy, this minute would probably kill him.

Chang Feng was about to go up the tree to hide.

Xiao Bao kept his gaze on the tree trunk, as if he had already confirmed that there was someone behind the tree.

All his attention was on the tree trunk. He accidentally tripped over a rock and staggered forward.

Xiao Bao frowned and immediately closed his eyes, letting his body fall forward. According to what Daddy and Uncle Chang Feng had taught him, he could not make a sound under any circumstances.

However, the pain he had imagined did not come. He was supported by someone. Then, he felt like the world was spinning as he was carried like a princess.

Xiao Bao felt the familiar posture of being carried and slowly opened his eyes. Chang Feng’s worried face was in front of him.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Chang Feng lowered his eyes and looked at Xiao Bao in his arms. Although Xiao Bao had not left him for long, he felt that he had not seen him for a long time.

Looking at his black grape-like eyes, Chang Feng could not help but purse his lips. His throat moved slightly, wanting to call his name like before, but he seemed to be strangled by an invisible hand and could not make a sound.

Xiao Bao looked at Chang Feng in a daze, his pupils dilated uncontrollably. He could not believe his eyes and reached out to pinch his small arm.

It hurt!

Could it be true?

Uncle Chang Feng had come to see him!

Xiao Bao looked at Chang Feng intently and the corners of his lips curled up involuntarily. Just as he was about to call for help, his expression suddenly changed.

His little face instantly scrunched up. He pushed Chang Feng with all his might and struggled down.

Xiao Bao stood on the ground and looked at Chang Feng, who was squatting in front of him. Tears welled up in his eyes.

Chang Feng looked at Xiao Bao’s aggrieved and sad expression. He understood that he had lied to Xiao Bao last time.
To Xiao Bao, he and Gu Yue were the closest to him. However, Xiao Bao was still a child. The two of them ruthlessly sent Xiao Bao to Qiao Nian.

Chang Feng pursed his lips guiltily. It was precisely because of this that he did not dare to meet Xiao Bao openly when he came back this time. He wanted to secretly take a look at Xiao Bao and leave.

At this moment, Gu Qi and Xiao Shi also saw the unfamiliar man standing in front of Xiao Bao. The two little ones immediately looked at Chang Feng warily.