Chapter 1826 - 1826  Sowing Discord

"Miss, how can you say that? I…"

Before Auntie Cao could finish, Song Yu interrupted her mercilessly. "Big Brother hired a family doctor to check my injuries. Dad and Mom also came to see me. How is it possible that no one cares about me? Our family is very united. Auntie Cao, you've said bad things about Sister in front of me time and time again. What are you trying to do?"

Song Yu was relieved. Since Auntie Cao did not see through her thoughts, it meant that Auntie Cao was deliberately trying to sow discord between them.

Auntie Cao's expression changed slightly. She quickly shook her head and said, "Sixth Miss, I don't have any bad intentions. I just want to tell you that they're too biased towards Eldest Miss and don't treat you well at all. Especially Second Young Master. He's not even willing to talk to you."

"Second Brother isn't what you think at all. Auntie Cao, why are you sowing discord?" Song Yu didn't fall for it at all. She narrowed her eyes slightly. "Sister is having a hard time outside. It's only right for Dad, Mom, and Grandma to take care of Sister."

"Sixth Miss, I'm the only one who cares about you." Auntie Cao knew that Song Yu was soft-hearted. As long as she repeated herself a few more times, Song Yu might listen to her. "If only she was more restrained when she came home. But now, she's just snatching everyone's attention and care for her. She might even hate you because you've enjoyed everything in the Lu family on her behalf. She'll definitely think of a way to chase you out and stabilize her position as the eldest daughter of the Lu family."

"Sixth Miss, she just acknowledged her family and left for so long because she wanted everyone to worry about her and capture everyone's hearts. All she did was to chase you out. After all, you're only a substitute for Eldest Miss."

Auntie Cao was very emotional when she spoke and her face turned redder and redder.

Song Yu looked at Auntie Cao coldly and slowly stood up. Her body exuded a cold aura as she looked down at Auntie Cao. "Take the soup back. I hope this is the last time you'll say what you said today. If you sow discord between me and my family again, don't blame me for being rude to you."

Auntie Cao stood up in a daze and looked at Song Yu in disbelief. "W-What are you talking about?"

Song Yu's eyes were cold as she continued, "I'm already an adult. It's not a problem for me to leave home alone. I have a beautiful childhood, a brilliant youth, and a beautiful future. I already have what I want. I'm already very satisfied. I'm not afraid of losing anything, because the most precious things are already in my heart." VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Auntie Cao looked at Song Yu with wide eyes. She never expected Song Yu to say these words. At this moment, Song Yu seemed to have already made up her mind. She was not afraid of leaving the Lu family at all.

"Leave. Take care of yourself," Song Yu said with her back to Auntie Cao.

Just as Auntie Cao was about to say something, she looked at Song Yu's determined back and left helplessly with her things.

Auntie Cao went down to the first floor and placed the things in her hand on the table. She frowned and thought about how to persuade Song Yu to change her mind. At this moment, her phone rang.

She quickly took out her phone and looked at the caller ID. Panic flashed across her face. She looked around and saw that there was no one around before pressing the call button.

As soon as the call was picked up, Auntie Cao couldn't wait to complain, "Do you know? Qiao Nian is back. How can she come back? Didn't I say before that Master Mark will never let her leave Europe alive!"

"Mark's been arrested."

The other party's voice was like snowflakes in winter. It was cold and unyielding, with great dissatisfaction.

"What? How is that possible?" Auntie Cao's eyes were filled with surprise. Then, she frowned and said, "What a useless person. He couldn't do anything right and ruined everything. It's a mistake for us to waste our time on him. It seems like we still have to rely on ourselves."

"Yes, and her."

Auntie Cao knew that the "her" the other party was referring to was Song Yu. Thinking of what had just happened, she said sadly, "You don't know how stubborn she is. She doesn't listen to anything I say and even loves the Lu family. She even realized that I was sowing discord!"