Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1827 - 1827  The Price

"She's already starting to suspect you?"

"Yes, but I've already deceived her. It's all Su Yan's fault for being too strict with her upbringing. These children are usually loving. It seems that if you want to change her mind, you have to go slow."

"Hmph."

The cold snort from the other side of the cell phone was like a sharp sword that approached Auntie Cao, scaring her so much that cold sweat broke out on her forehead.

At this moment, the person on the other end of the cell phone continued, "Family ties. I don't think she has any family ties at all. If you can't convince her, you have to let her understand the reason why she's living in this world. She has enjoyed such a good life for so many years. It's time for her to pay the price for her many years of life."

Auntie Cao responded obediently and frowned slightly.

"Actually, you don't have to be in such a hurry." The voice on the other end of the cell phone was much gentler. "I'm preparing to return to the country. When I go back, everyone in the Lu family and the Gu family will be waiting to face my anger."

Auntie Cao could feel the anger of the person on the other end of the line. She could not help but shiver.

After hanging up, Auntie Cao took a deep breath and smiled coldly. Although she was afraid of that person's killing intent, it was not directed at her.

At the Lu residence. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

After all this, it was already past 11 o'clock at night.

Qiao Nian came out of the bathroom after taking a shower. She had already changed into loose pajamas. Her long black hair was draped behind her back, and she exuded a lazy aura.

When she came out of the room, she saw Lu Zhu standing at the door in a suit, looking like a noble young master who had walked out of a comic.

Seeing that Qiao Nian was dressed a little thinly, he gently helped her put on the jacket on her arm.

The moment she put on her jacket, Qiao Nian instantly felt warm. She looked at Lu Zhu beside her with a smile. "Thank you, Big Brother. Why aren't you sleeping?"

"I just checked on the three babies. Now, I'm here to look for my most precious sister," Lu Zhu said seriously.

Qiao Nian had just returned tonight. He didn't even have time to take a good look at her.

Qiao Nian was slightly stunned. She didn't expect her brother to express his longing so bluntly. "I missed you guys when I was over there too."

"The three children are really obedient. Everyone likes them very much. Has the matter in Europe been resolved?"

The smile on Qiao Nian's face became more and more obvious. "Thank you, Big Brother, for helping me take care of the three children. Thank you to the family for helping me take care of them. If not for your help, Gu Zhou and I might not have been able to resolve those problems so quickly."

"It's good that it's resolved," Lu Zhu said with a nod.

When Qiao Nian heard Lu Zhu's words, she was slightly stunned. She looked at him in surprise. "Brother, aren't you curious about what clues we've found?"

"It's too late today. You guys rushed back in a hurry. You must be exhausted. Rest for the night and we'll talk when they come over tomorrow."

When Qiao Nian heard Lu Zhu's words, her heart warmed. It turned out that her brother waited just to take a few more glances at her.

As the two of them spoke, they walked to the living room. Qiao Nian sat on the sofa and was about to pour water. Lu Zhu quickly took the kettle and poured Qiao Nian a glass of water.

At this moment, footsteps came from the staircase. The two of them turned to look.

"Brother and Sugar." Lu Nian walked to the sofa and sat down.

"Second Brother." Qiao Nian greeted him with a smile. She took a sip of hot water and felt much better.

Lu Nian asked curiously, "Why didn't Second Brother come with you?"

The "Second Brother" Lu Nian was referring to was Gu Zhou, because Gu Zhou was the second eldest in the Gu family.

"He went to the Gu family first. He said that he would come over tomorrow morning," Qiao Nian said with a smile. Actually, she had originally planned to go back to the Gu family with Gu Zhou and come to the Lu family tomorrow morning.

After all, it was already very late when she came out of the hospital. She did not want her family to stay up late with her.

When Lu Nian heard Qiao Nian's words, he nodded slightly and said in a low voice, "I heard that he found Brother Gu. He came back with Second Brother this time?"