Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00


1830 Hatred

The next day, when Qiao Nian woke up, her first reaction was to look at Gu Qi in the bed. Gu Qi seemed to have woken up.

After washing up, Qiao Nian put on some light makeup and walked out.

She walked down the stairs. From her angle, she happened to see that her family was all in the living room.

Her brothers were all at home, sitting on the sofa and playing with the three children. Her parents were sitting at a table not far away, arranging the next work schedule with the servants. Grandma was sitting at the side and reading the newspaper.

The servants hurried in and out, as if preparing for the upcoming festival.

Lu Qi and Song Yu were nestled on the sofa at the side. She was taking Song Yu's pulse with a serious expression. Her slightly puffed-up face was extremely adorable, and her beautiful eyes were filled with confusion.

Song Yu had a gentle smile on her face as she looked at Lu Qi dotingly.

Sunlight filtered through the French windows, and everything seemed to be covered in a beautiful white light. The scene looked like a world in a dream, giving off a surreal feeling.

Qiao Nian's footsteps grew slower and slower. In the past, she had never dared to dream of this, let alone expect to live such a happy life.

At this moment, Gu Zhou walked in. He was tall and wore a well- tailored suit. Below his fine hair was a beautiful face.

His back was facing the sunlight, and his entire body was shining with golden light. The moment he entered the room, he saw Qiao

Nian. His dark eyes were filled with gentleness, and his thin lips curved up slightly. "Good morning, Nian'er."

When everyone heard Gu Zhou's voice, they subconsciously looked at him, then followed his gaze to see Qiao Nian standing on the stairs.

"Sister!"

"Sugar!"

The three babies, who were having fun with their uncle,

immediately turned serious. They stared unblinkingly at Qiao Nian, who was not far away. benderCH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"Mommy!"

Qiao Nian glanced at everyone in the living room, overjoyed. Tears welled up in her eyes. She felt really happy that she could have so many family members who loved her.

She was willing to give up everything to protect her family.

Seeing Qiao Nian walk over, Su Yan, who was sitting at the table, smiled and said gently to Auntie Cao, "Since everyone is here, prepare the food."

"Yes, Madam." Auntie Cao smiled and replied to Su Yan. She turned around and walked towards the kitchen. The moment she turned around, her eyes were filled with jealousy and resentment.

Auntie Cao took a deep breath.

What a happy family life!

Suppressing the resentment in her heart, Auntie Cao could only pretend to be calm.

Qiao Nian came down the stairs. Lu Jiang was the first to rush over, his eyes filled with joy and longing. "Eldest Miss, I even instructed someone to protect you at the airport, but we didn't see you. I didn't expect you to return early!"

With that, Lu Jiang smiled and ruffled Qiao Nian's obedient hair. "Are you giving us a surprise on purpose?"

Lu Rao, who was standing beside Lu Jiang, raised a hand and placed it on his waist. One could vaguely see his muscles under his white shirt. He looked at Qiao Nian gently and teased, "I think Sister must be eager to see us, so she came back early. However, I heard that you met the others first. Are we not that important to you?"

"No, you're very important. It's just that we had to send Master off first. However, after returning from Master's place, I went home immediately!" With a sweet smile on her face, Qiao Nian apologized gently.

"I promise that Sister is right. Sister was just accompanying Master previously." With great difficulty, Lu Qi moved from her four brothers to Qiao Nian's side and hugged her arm. "Don't blame Sister anymore. If Sister was free, she would have gone home long ago!"

When Lu Jiang heard Lu Qi's words, he frowned and questioned, "Did you go to see Qin Chuan again?"

Lu Jiang raised his eyebrows slightly. Why was his sister with Qin Chuan every day instead of studying hard?

Lu Qi immediately shrugged and moved slightly closer to Qiao Nian. She looked at Qiao Nian pitifully, as if hoping that Qiao Nian would help her out.