Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1843  Jealous

When Shen Mei heard Lina's words, she nodded slightly. She still looked around nervously and couldn't help but grab Lina's hand.

Lina noticed Shen Mei's actions. Her breathing quickened, and she fell silent.

Chen Qing stood on the other side of Shen Mei. His suit was well-tailored, and his face was expressionless. His footsteps were powerful. Just by looking at his current state, one could not tell that he was injured.

His phone vibrated slightly. Chen Qing took it out of his pocket and looked at the text. A trace of confusion flashed in his eyes.

Didn't Second Young Master already arrange for someone to pick them up? However, looking at the ordinary people in the distance, they didn't seem to have Second Young Master's men.

How strange. Second Young Master had always been very reliable. Nothing else would happen.

Lina looked past Shen Mei at Chen Qing and asked curiously, "Chen Qing, have Nian Nian and the others arrived?"

Although she had been on the phone with Nian Nian occasionally these past few days, she still missed her.

When Chen Qing looked at Lina, his eyes instantly softened. Then, he shook his head and said, "Young Madam said that she was going to invite Old Miracle Doctor Qin over. The people who will pick us up have already been arranged."

The smile on Lina's face grew brighter. "I'll be at ease with you around."

Hearing Lina's words, Chen Qing's eyes softened.

As the group walked to the elevator, Lina spoke to Chen Qing. She accidentally stepped on air and was about to fall.

Seeing this, Chen Qing's expression turned cold. He immediately wanted to pick Lina up.

However, before he could move, a black figure rushed to Lina's side and supported her. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"Lina!" Shen Mei looked at Lina nervously, her eyes filled with worry.

After Lina stabilized herself, she heaved a sigh of relief and gave an awkward smile. "I'm fine."

With that, Lina looked at the man beside her.

The two of them stood very close and she was too embarrassed to look at the man. She quickly said, "Thank you."

Only then did she notice that the man had only used two fingers to support her. Usually, only gentlemen would act this way, but ordinary people wouldn't be so strong.

At this moment, Chen Qing had already walked to Lina's side. Seeing that Lina was fine, he was about to thank that person when he saw that person's face. His expression froze.

"Third Master?"

Lu Rao nodded. He knew Chen Qing and said, "Sugar asked me to pick you up."

Lina didn't expect Chen Qing to know that person. She looked up and saw that person with sharp eyebrows and bright eyes. There was a roguish smile on his face. "He's…"

"He's Young Madam's third brother. Sugar is Young Madam's nickname," Chen Qing explained.

Lina instantly understood. She hurriedly smiled at Lu Rao, her attitude changing. "I'm Nian Nian's friend. My name is Lina. Thank you so much for just now."

Lu Rao nodded casually, as if he had thought of something. He said again, "I'm not here to pick Madam President and the Seventh Princess up."

A trace of surprise flashed in Chen Qing's eyes. Just as he was about to speak, he heard Lu Rao speak.

"I am here to protect Madam President and the Seventh Princess now." Lu Rao had a roguish and handsome smile on his face.

When Chen Qing heard Lu Rao's words, his pupils dilated slightly, but he quickly regained his composure and hurriedly said, "Yes, your identities are especially noble. If I'm the only one protecting you, I'm afraid I won't be able to take care of you well."

Chen Qing admired Second Young Master and the Second Young Madam very much. They had thought everything through.

"The car is already waiting outside. Let's go." As Lu Rao spoke, he walked to the front and led the way.

"Okay," Chen Qing replied. Then, he walked over to Madam President and stood there, still on high alert.

Lina reached out and took Shen Mei's hand, looking at Lu Rao, who was walking in front.

Strangely enough, this was the first time she had seen someone with a buzz cut give off the aura of a noble young master. If she hadn't seen it with her own eyes, she wouldn't have believed what she was seeing.

Lina narrowed her eyes, deep in thought.

At this moment, she heard a familiar male voice. "Haven't you seen enough?"