Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1844  Comfort

When Lina heard that, she subconsciously turned around and saw Chen Qing looking at her with his eyes slightly lowered.

Lina blinked. Chen Qing's face was reflected in her clear eyes, and she couldn't help but laugh out loud.

"Huh?" Chen Qing reached out and held Lina's hand, looking very dissatisfied.

His actions did not threaten Lina. Lina grabbed his hand and naturally crossed her fingers.

Chen Qing frowned slightly and said in a low voice, "Let go quickly. It'll be troublesome if we're photographed."

Everyone in the world knew that the Seventh Princess of Europe, Lina, was married to Wright. If someone posted a photo of Lina holding hands with another man, the media would probably report wildly that the Seventh Princess was having an affair with another man.

"What's there to be troubled about?" Lina looked up at Chen Qing and said in a voice that only the two of them could hear, "My boyfriend is already jealous. What else do I have to worry about?"

"Let go. I don't want the media to write nonsense," Chen Qing said in a low voice.

Seeing that Chen Qing seemed to have a lot of psychological burdens, Lina reluctantly let go and muttered softly, "We're clearly a couple. Why does it look like we're having an affair now?"

When Chen Qing heard Lina's words, he didn't know whether to laugh or cry. He looked at Lu Rao's back not far away and lowered his head slightly, saying in a low voice, "The Lu family is ranked first in the world, and Third Master is still at the top…"

"Chen Qing." Lina didn't want to be so straightforward, but Chen Qing thought that she was interested in Lu Rao and hurriedly said, "But the person who doesn't care about his own life and wants to protect me and my family has always been you!"

Lina's words were like a beam of light that illuminated Chen Qing's entire world. He stared unblinkingly at Lina, his pupils sparkling. A happy smile appeared on his lips.

The group walked to the arrival gate. The bodyguards, who had been hiding in the dark, surrounded them one by one.

When they arrived at the parking lot, everyone looked at the extended version of the Rolls-Royce. The black car was low-key. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

At this moment, the young man in a suit, who had been standing at the side, opened the car door very politely. Lu Rao stood at the side very naturally and made an elegant gentlemanly gesture. "Ladies first."

"Thank you." Lina smiled gratefully. Then, she helped Shen Mei into the car.

After that, Lina, Lu Rao, and Chen Qing got into the car. The last to get into the car was the young man who had opened the door.

When Lina got into the car, she realized that there were two other men in the back seat. One was a man in a black suit, sitting upright. He had gold-rimmed eyes, ink-colored pupils, and long black hair. He looked like an elegant prince.

The man sitting at the side was wearing a white suit. This suit made his skin look even fairer. His slightly upturned phoenix-like eyes gave off a natural demonic aura.

Just as Lina was still wondering who they were, the two of them spoke.

"Welcome to An City, Madam President and the Seventh Princess."

The two of them spoke together. Their voices blended together and sounded very pleasant to the ear.

"Hello," Lina said politely. Then, she looked at Chen Qing, as if asking who they were.

Lu Rao sat beside the two of them. At this moment, the three of them were sitting in the last row. Sunlight filtered through the window at the side, and the three of them seemed to be covered in a layer of light. They looked like people who had walked out of a comic book, giving off an unreal feeling.

Lu Zhu, who was sitting on the right, said, "I'm Sugar's eldest brother, Lu Zhu."

The person in the middle said, "I'm Lu Nian."

The person on the left said, "Lu Rao."

Lina turned slightly to look at them. Her voice was much calmer as she said, "Hello, brothers. I'm Lina. Just call me Lina."

Previously, when Lina saw Nian Nian, she already felt that Nian Nian was so beautiful that she couldn't take her eyes off her. She felt suffocated. How could there be such a perfect person in this world?

Nian Nian's brothers were also especially good-looking. They didn't look like people who could exist in real life at all. Instead, they were like people in comics, perfect and flawless.