Chapter 1845  Breathtaking

Lina couldn't help but be curious. What did Nian Nian's parents look like to give birth to such beautiful children? Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

The three members of the Lu family nodded slightly as a form of greeting. Their gazes fell on Madam President, who was beside Lina.

Shen Mei sensed the three of them looking at her. She immediately became nervous and clenched her fists involuntarily.

Initially, Lina had noticed her mother's condition. A trace of worry flashed in her eyes.

Lu Zhu could also tell what was going on with Madam President. Thinking of what Sugar had said previously, he said considerately and gently, "The two of you have distinguished statuses. You don't have to accommodate us when you come here. It's already our honor to be able to pick you up."

When Lina heard Lu Zhu's words, a faint smile appeared on her face. She wanted her mother to greet them, but she didn't expect them to be so understanding. She stopped forcing her mother and said, "Thank you for your understanding. You don't have to take it to heart. Our trip to An City has actually caused you trouble. Nian Nian and I are good friends, and you are Nian Nian's family. In the future, just call me Lina. Just call my mother Madam Shen."

"Okay." Lu Zhu nodded. He did not expect the seventh princess of the European country to be so easygoing.

This was the first time Lina had come to An City with her mother. She didn't want anyone to know her identity. Her mother probably thought so too.

When the car passed by the river bridge outside, Lina saw a large ship on the river in the distance, and many people playing happily on both sides of the river.

Lina's lips curved up involuntarily. She smiled at Shen Mei beside her. Perhaps her mother had lived such a gentle life in the past.

Before long, the car stopped. This was a villa area in the old district. There was a lot of distance between every house, and the surrounding greenery was especially good.

Lina got out of the car and stepped on the warm cobblestones. She looked at the river not far away and felt the gentle river breeze. Her mood became much happier.

The servant ran out and hurriedly opened the door.

Everyone got out of the car and walked in. What greeted their eyes was a towering ancient building. Red lanterns were still hanging on the long corridor around it. As for the scenery in the garden, it was especially good. It was obvious that it had been meticulously maintained.

What shocked Lina the most were the stone statues. Seeing that there were still traces of time on them, she knew that they had historical value.

Lu Zhu looked at Lina and said lightly, "Miss Shen, you and Madam Shen will stay here next. If you're not satisfied with the place we've arranged, we can show you the videos of the other residences. Just choose one you like the most."

The Seventh Princess of Europe had a combination of Eastern and Western looks, and exuded the exotic style of Europe.

What surprised Lu Zhu the most was that this princess had a particularly good temper. She was amiable and likable.

Lina looked at everything in the courtyard and her mood improved. She smiled and said, "This place is very beautiful. I like it here very much. Sorry for troubling you."

"Alright." With that, Lu Zhu glanced at Chen Qing, who was beside Lina, and continued, "We've sent you home now. It's time to leave. Do as you please. If there's anything else, you can get Mr. Chen to contact me directly."

Lina smiled at Lu Zhu. "Thank you, Brother Lu. I've caused you trouble."

After exchanging a few pleasantries, Lu Zhu and Lu Nian left. Previously, Lu Rao had also gotten out of the car with them. However, when they were not paying attention, he disappeared.

After Lina sent Lu Zhu and Lu Nian off, she looked at Chen Qing curiously. "Where's Third Brother Lu?"

"Third Master will appear when Madam and you are in danger. He usually hides in the dark," Lu Zhu said with a smile.

Lina nodded in realization. Holding Shen Mei's hand, she walked into the house.

As soon as they entered the room, the servant stepped forward to help them put their luggage in the room and invited them to the living room before serving some dessert.

Lina's eyes lit up as she looked at the dessert on the coffee table.

At this moment, the sound of a car stopping came from the door.