Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1846  Results of the Interrogation

Lina turned her head, her beautiful eyes sparkling. She asked excitedly, "Nian Nian has arrived, right?"

When Chen Qing heard Lina's words, he stood up and said, "Wait here. I'll go take a look."

Lina could only suppress the excitement in her heart and sit down to wait.

Chen Qing quickly walked out. Just as he walked out of the living room, he saw that Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian had already walked through the door. In between them stood an old man with white hair. He was wearing a traditional Chinese suit and looked like a sage.

Seeing that Chen Qing had stopped standing at the door, Lina walked over to him curiously. When she saw who it was, she automatically ignored the old man and Gu Zhou. Qiao Nian was the only one left in her eyes.

"Nian Nian!" As Lina spoke, she quickly ran towards Qiao Nian and hugged her.

Smiling, Qiao Nian patted Lina's back, then gently pushed her away and asked, "How do you feel? Can you adapt to this place? If you can't, I'll think of another way to let you adapt quickly, or create an environment that is suitable for you."

"Pfft." Lina couldn't help but laugh out loud. She covered her mouth, her eyes filled with laughter. "Nian Nian, you're saying the same thing as your brother. I almost thought that the person standing in front of me wasn't you, but your brother."

When Qiao Nian heard Lina's words, her heart skipped a beat. She had originally asked her brother to arrange a suitable place for Shen Mei and Lina to stay. She didn't expect her brother to pick them up personally.

Qiao Nian smiled and said, "I'm just afraid that you won't be comfortable staying here. We're good friends. Say whatever you want. Don't let yourself suffer."

Lina didn't answer Qiao Nian directly. Instead, she laughed even harder. "You're really identical. Haha!"

Chen Qing walked over to Gu Zhou. He had not seen Gu Zhou in a long time. He called out, "Second Young Master."

Everyone walked in together. Gu Zhou glanced at Chen Qing beside him, his dark eyes staring unblinkingly at Chen Qing. When everyone sat down in the living room, he said, "Are your injuries healed?"

Chen Qing sat on the sofa diagonally opposite Gu Zhou. His pupils dilated slightly as he looked at Gu Zhou in disbelief.

Second Young Master would actually say such a thing.

Chen Qing's heart warmed. Second Young Master was no longer the same as before. He had become concerned about others. He smiled and said, "Thank you for your concern, Second Young Master. I'm fine now."

"Yes, that's quite good." Gu Zhou picked up his teacup and said unhurriedly, "I don't want Nian Nian to see you naked."

Chen Qing was speechless.

After everyone arrived at the living room, they sat down. Qiao Nian briefly introduced both sides.

When Lina looked at Old Master Qin, she immediately felt admiration. Her eyes sparkled with hope.

Previously, she had heard from Nian Nian about her master. His medical skills were superb. Perhaps he could treat her mother directly. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Moreover, the most important thing now was that her mother might still be able to remember the kidnapping more than twenty years ago. There might even be more surprises.

Lina looked away from Old Master Qin's face and her gaze fell on Qiao Nian's face. She said, "After you left, my father personally interrogated Mark. He even asked about the kidnapping twenty years ago."

Hearing Lina's words, Qiao Nian instantly became nervous. She couldn't wait for Lina to continue.

Gu Zhou and Old Master Qin's gazes also fell on Lina.

"Mark admitted that he once sent someone to help his lover, Song Ling, carry out the kidnapping in An City. However, it had been too long since this incident happened. He couldn't remember the exact plan anymore." Lina told him everything the president wanted to say. Although she was a little embarrassed, she said, "My father suspected that Mark was deliberately hiding something, so he got someone to investigate Mark's database. In the end, he found that Mark only helped Song Ling with the overseas army and pressure the relevant personnel. As for anything else, it was not recorded in the information."

Qiao Nian's eyes narrowed slightly. She looked deep in thought.