Chapter 1851: Nervous

Translator: Atlas Studios       Editor: Atlas Studios

Old Master Qin noticed that something was wrong with Gu Zhous expression and said, Alright, go ahead. 1 remember that Chen Qing is still injured. Ill go take a look at him.

Qiao Nian and Gu Zhou smiled and said goodbye to Old Master Qin. When they reached the entrance of the villa, Gu Zhou said goodbye to Qiao Nian and prepared to drive back.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Qiao Nian pressed down on the drivers door and looked at Gu Zhou worriedly.

Did something happen at home?

It was rare for Gu Zhou to be so serious.bender

Gu Zhou noticed Qiao Nians gaze and his lips curved up slightly. He said softly, Grandma seems to be a little too emotional. They asked me to go back and take a look.

When Qiao Nian heard this, she nodded slightly. That made sense. Her brother was still alive. Grandma must be especially happy. She instructed softly, Grandmas heart isnt good. If theres anything to say, take your time to discuss it with Grandma.

l understand.

Qiao Nian watched as Gu Zhou drove away. Then, she took out her phone and sent a message to her brothers.

Madam Presidents illness requires an important magnolia-bark. Do you have any wild and fresh magnolia-bark?

As soon as she sent the message, she received a reply.

Other than his eldest brother, his three brothers immediately replied.

Ill get someone to look for it now. Okay, well definitely find it tonight.

Understood!

When Qiao Nian saw their reply, she heaved a sigh of relief.

At this moment, Big Brother sent a message.

Theres one at home now. Come and get it!

Qiao Nians eyes lit up. She hurriedly replied, Alright, Ill go back now.

After sending the message, Qiao Nian heard footsteps behind her and saw Lina walking out.

Qiao Nian smiled at Lina and asked gently, Why arent you accompanying Madam President?

Lina hesitated for a moment before saying, Perhaps its because weve been on the plane for too long. Mom has a headache. Chen Qing has already brought Mom upstairs to rest.

When Qiao Nian heard this, she subconsciously walked in. In that case, Ill prescribe some medicine. Your mother will feel better after drinking it. How are you? Do you feel any discomfort?

Lina reached out to hold Qiao Nian back and shook her head. Im fine. Nian

Nian, I saw that Mr. Gu didnt look well when he came out with you just now.

Is it my mothers illness

Lina had just entered the living room when she realized that Old Master Qin and Nian Nian had entered a room alone. They should be discussing her mothers illness. If there was nothing wrong with her mothers illness, they would have discussed this in the living room instead of avoiding her and her mother.

In the opinion of other doctors, cerebral palsy was a difficult illness that could not be cured in a lifetime. For Grandpa Qin to be able to treat his mothers cerebral palsy, there must be many difficulties.

She didnt know anything about medicine. She thought to herself that no matter how simple the favor was, if she could help a little, Nian Nian and the others could worry less.

It was originally a little difficult. Qiao Nian didnt want to hide it from Lina.

After all, if she didnt say anything, Lina might let ones imagination run wild. It requires a Chinese medicine called magnolia-bark. That Chinese medicine is relatively rare. Its something that can only be chanced upon by luck. When Lina heard this, she frowned slightly.

However, my all-powerful brother just sent me a message. He said that theres magnolia-bark at home. Im preparing to go home to get magnolia-bark now. Do you want to go to the Lu family with me? Seeing that Lina was no longer as nervous, Qiao Nian smiled and said, l have many family members. I have four brothers and two sisters. Theyre about the same age as us. Well definitely be able to get along.

When Lina heard Qiao Nians words, she recalled the people who had come to pick her up from the airport today. She smiled and said, l met your three brothers today.

l thought Big Brother and Third Brother had gone to see you. Who else was there?

Second Brother Lu. Lina still remembered the three Lu brothers she had seen back then. Her lips curved up slightly. 1 think your family is very outstanding. Im so envious of you.

Qiao Nian knew that Mark had once killed an older sister of Linas. She held

Linas hand. Were good friends. Youre also my family..