
1853 Imposter

When Song Yu heard Auntie Cao's words, her expression changed slightly, but she quickly regained her composure. She looked up at Auntie Cao and said with a smile, "Auntie Cao, we don't have to interrupt Big Brother when he does anything. It's his freedom to give whatever he buys to whoever he wants."

Song Yu had heard before that there was a traitor in the family. She had never known who the traitor was. Of all the servants in the family, only Auntie Cao would sow discord in front of her.

Auntie Cao didn't seem to notice Song Yu's scrutiny. She said good- naturedly, "Sixth Miss, you're really too kind."

With that, she placed the fruit plate on the table and turned to walk out.

Song Yu's expression turned cold as she watched Auntie Cao leave. In Lu Zhu's study.

Lu Zhu was sitting in the room when he heard the knock on the door. "Come in."

When Qiao Nian entered, she saw Lu Zhu staring thoughtfully at the two pots of magnolia-bark.

When Lu Zhu saw that it was Qiao Nian who had entered, a trace of surprise flashed in his eyes. A smile gradually appeared on his face, and his voice was a little warmer. "Sugar, why are you back so soon?"

Of course, Qiao Nian was too embarrassed to tell Lu Zhu that she had rushed back. She touched her nose. "When I sent the message, I was already on my way back."

"Yes." Lu Zhu's attention had been on magnolia-bark, so he didn't notice the unnaturalness in Qiao Nian's words. He continued, "I found it previously. It was just sent over today!"

Qiao Nian specialized in Chinese medicine. She had memorized all the appearances of Chinese medicine. She walked up to the two herbs and looked at them carefully. Then, she nodded and said, "That's right. This is the Chinese medicine I'm looking for."

Lu Zhu heaved a sigh of relief. "Then take it away."T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

When Qiao Nian heard Lu Zhu's words, she turned to look at him and asked seriously, "Brother, who did you buy the magnolia-bark for?"

Lu Zhu's eyes were filled with surprise. He frowned and asked with a complicated expression, "Who did you hear this from?"

He knew that Sugar had always been understanding. If Sugar knew that this was originally prepared for Song Yu, she might not take magnolia-bark away.

Qiao Nian knew that her brother wanted to know who was gossiping in front of her. Actually, the two servants didn't know anything. They had just muttered a few words. She didn't want those people to be punished, so she hid the matter. "Yu'er hasn't been sleeping well recently. Big Brother specially prepared it for her, right?"

Although her impression of Song Yu was average, she did not want her brother and Song Yu to have a rift over this matter.

"Yes," Lu Zhu replied indifferently. Thinking of Song Yu's weak state, he said, "She hasn't been sleeping well. As she's a public figure, it's not convenient for her to go to the hospital. I found a private doctor to come to our house to examine her, but I couldn't find the cause of the illness. I also heard from Qi Qi that the aura magnolia-bark exudes is helpful for sleep. However, you're going to use the magnolia-bark to treat Madam President. This matter concerns the safety of the Lu family."

Qiao Nian nodded. That was the truth.bender

Song Yu, who had been standing outside the study, could guess what was going on when she heard her brother's words.

The magnolia-bark her brother had originally found for her might be given to her sister to treat Madam President's illness.

Not far away, Lu Nian saw Song Yu standing at the door of his brother's study. He frowned. Just as he was about to go over, he saw Song Yu knock on the door.

Lu Zhu heard a knock on the door. "Come in."

Song Yu pushed the door open and walked in. She gave a gentle smile and greeted Lu Zhu and Qiao Nian, "Brother and Sister."

With that, Song Yu's gaze landed on the two herbs. She looked at Lu Zhu again. "Brother and Sister, I heard everything you just said. Take the medicinal herbs to Madam President first. The safety of our Lu family is the most important."

When Song Yu first entered, she casually closed the study door and did not close it tightly. Her words reached Lu Nian's ears in the corridor. A trace of shock flashed in Lu Nian's eyes, then he smiled self-deprecatingly and left.

Even now, Song Yu was still pretending to be a good person in front of her family!
 