Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 437: Forceful Words

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Although there were no prizes in this round, the host said that all the raw materials that appeared here would definitely be worth more than three million yuan.

It had to be known that every untrimmed quarry stone here could produce more than three million yuan of jadeite.

Of course, every raw stone was not cheap.

However, everyone knew that at least they wouldn’t lose too much.

This time, everyone’s eyes were on Qiao Nian.

“In the first round, Qiao Nian won more than a billion yuan!”

“If you ask me, the Group definitely wants her to lose this bet!”

“We lost so much in the first round. Let’s take a gamble this time!”

“I don’t think Qiao Nian will be so lucky this time!”

“I don’t think so. I think she’s an expert!”

While everyone was discussing, Qiao Nian was already preparing to choose her raw stone.

Qiao Nian glanced around, her gaze finally landing on a twenty-inch stone.

This stone was priced at 300 million.

......

Qiao Nian knew in her heart that there would be good stuff in every round of the competition this time, so she had to increase her bets.

She felt that there must be something good in this raw material.

However, she was not a god, nor did she have X-ray vision. She could not be sure if there was anything good inside.

If there was only a hundred million yuan in it, she would be at a loss.

At this thought, Qiao Nian walked up to the stone. Just as she placed her hand on it and was about to speak to the cutter, a clear voice sounded from the side. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“I want this raw stone!”

When everyone heard this voice, they tilted their heads to look.

How rich!

This was 300 million!

She just casually asked for it!

Qiao Nian tilted her head to look. It was none other than Song Yue.

Under everyone’s gaze, Song Yue smiled gently, making her look exceptionally noble.

Some people present also knew Song Yue.

It was said that Song Yue was a financial genius in An City. Previously, she had come up with a financial plan and easily earned 30 billion yuan for the An City Bank.

It was said that Song Yue was also the daughter of an old banker.

Like father, like daughter.

Most people did not have such a bold and generous bearing.

Of course, everyone had also noticed Qiao Nian.

After Qiao Nian had made a small bet in the first round, many people had their eyes on her.

Qiao Nian seemed to have taken a fancy to this stone as well.

Everyone smiled and looked at Qiao Nian and Song Yue. There was going to be a good show to watch.

Qiao Nian’s hand was still on the stone. A faint smile appeared on her lips, but it didn’t reach her eyes.

“Miss Song, do you know what first come, first served means?”

Song Yue looked at Qiao Nian calmly and smiled. “Miss Qiao, I’m really sorry this time. I was the one who asked first. This stone is mine!”

Qiao Nian sneered and asked, “As long as you ask for it, it’ll be yours? If you say that MY is yours, will the President of MY give the countryto you?”

When Song Yue heard Qiao Nian’s words, a trace of anger flashed across her eyes. With a cold expression, she said, “You’re twisting my words!”

“Twisting? Weren’t you the one who started it? Have you already forgotten the rules of the stone gambling world?” Qiao Nian asked with a smile.

Her hand had already touched the stone. It was common knowledge that she was the first buyer under these circumstances. If she didn’t want the stone, the seller could talk to the next person.

This method was mainly to prevent anyone from following in the footsteps of an expert. This was because there was once a copycat who knew nothing and followed behind an expert. When that expert took a fancy to that stone, he would take the initiative to buy it.

After this incident, many people hated such people, so a rule was set in the stone gambling world.

Whoever stood in front of the raw stone first was prepared to talk to the seller about who would buy it first. Those who arrived later had to wait for the previous person to leave before they could buy the raw stone.