Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 440: Choice

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

When everyone saw the exposed jadeite, they were instantly in a mess.

Oh my god, this seemed to be glass imperial jade again.

Initially, everyone thought that this 300 million yuan raw material might be worth a billion yuan of jadeite.

However, when the entire imperial jade was taken out, everyone was shocked.

Many people wanted to take photos with their phones, but were stopped by the staff present.

Oh my god, this was really the imperial jade of the glass species!

The quality of this piece was not inferior to the jadeite that Qiao Nian had obtained in the first round.

Moreover, the jadeite in this raw material was the size of a pillow.

How much was this worth?

A valuation expert fainted on the spot.

The remaining three valuation experts gave a shaky estimate.

Everyone present had already given up. They felt that it was impossible for them to obtain the legendary Moon Goddess.

All they wanted now was to pick good material and earn some money. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

......

Soon, everyone present had finished opening the stones they had chosen, and some of them had also opened valuable jade.

However, those jades paled in comparison to Qiao Nian’s jadeite, which was the size of a pillow. They were not worth mentioning at all.

Hence, the second round ended under everyone’s envious gazes.

The host stood up with a smile and said, “The second and third rounds have ended!”

Qiao Nian was slightly taken aback.

Lu Zhu also frowned.

The others were also stunned.

There was a murmur of discussion.

The host explained, “The third round depends on Miss Qiao Nian’s personal choice because Miss Qiao Nian is the winner of the second round!”

At this moment, the etiquette lady walked over from afar with a box. The box instantly attracted everyone’s attention.

It was a box made of jadeite.

Lu Zhu couldn’t help but gulp and clench his fists.

Everyone knew that the winner of this stone gambling competition was about to obtain the Moon Goddess.

In other words, the jade box contained the Moon Goddess.

The host smiled at Qiao Nian and said, “Miss Qiao, the third round of the competition is very simple. As long as you’re willing to give up the jadeite from the first and second rounds, you’ll be able to obtain the Moon Goddess. Of course, we’ll also return the money you spent on the first and second rounds of stone gambling to you intact. If you want to take away the jadeite from the first and second rounds, then I’m sorry, Miss Qiao, but you’re not qualified to take the Moon Goddess away!”

Hearing the host say this, everyone was stunned.

This HH Group was too scheming.

But only a fool would choose the Moon Goddess.

The host smiled at Qiao Nian and said gently, “Miss Qiao, you only have one chance to choose.”

Qiao Nian nodded and nodded.

The other participants couldn’t help but complain.

“HH Group is too good at scamming money. They’ve already made a lot of money in this competition, but they still asked such a difficult request!”

“Miss Qiao has two pieces of jade worth tens of billions. If she chooses the Moon Goddess, she’ll have to give up so much money!”

“I heard that the Moon Goddess is a very magical stone. It’s said that it can bring over the deceased person that people miss the most. If Miss Qiao is here for the Moon Goddess, she probably won’t care about those two jades!”

“The dead are already dead. Why is she still thinking about it? The living are the most important!”

… .

Lu Zhu’s gaze landed on the small jade box, and he couldn’t help but feel nervous. He only wanted to see his sister.

Then, his gaze landed on Qiao Nian. He wanted to see what she would choose.

Qiao Nian hesitated for a moment before asking, “Can I take a look at the Moon Goddess?”

Lu Zhu’s gaze landed on the host’s face. He was very curious about the host’s answer.

The host shook his head slightly and said firmly, “Sorry, you can’t.”

Lu Zhu couldn’t help but frown, his gaze falling on Qiao Nian’s face.