Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 443: Worried About Him

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

She had once heard that the women around Jiang Chi were basically played half to death, then thrown into a pile of worms and tortured to death.

Song Yue gritted her teeth and looked at Qiao Nian, her eyes filled with killing intent.

Qiao Nian!

Your time has come!

… .

After the stone gambling competition ended, everyone dispersed.

Under Ah Rao’s escort, Qiao Nian returned to her room with the jade box.

Ah Rao watched as Qiao Nian took out her room card. He knew that after Qiao Nian entered the room, his mission would be completed. For some reason, he felt a little reluctant.

He wanted to spend more time with her.

At the thought of this, Ah Rao curled his lips and asked, “Do you need me to escort you back to An City?” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Qiao Nian smiled brightly and shook her head gently. “No, Gu Zhou, hired you to protect me. You’ve done very well. Thank you for protecting me at the banquet today!”

She had a good time with Ah Rao and also wanted him to be her bodyguard forever.

......

However, one could not be so selfish. She knew that Ah Rao must have more important things to do. Gu Zhou must have spent a lot of effort to hire Ah Rao to protect her.

Ah Rao smiled, but that smirk did not make anyone feel any disgust. “According to you, I can ask Gu Zhou for some compensation!”

Qiao Nian smiled even more brightly and said, “Sure!”

“Great!” As Ah Rao spoke, he turned to leave. However, just as he took a step, he turned back to look at Qiao Nian and asked again, “Do you really not need me to protect you?”

“I’ll go back with Lu Zhu. With him around, don’t worry!”

When Ah Rao heard Qiao Nian’s words, the corners of his lips curled up slightly. He nodded and said, “Alright, we’ll have a drink when we get back to An City!”

“Okay!” Qiao Nian smiled at Ah Rao. Ah Rao’s temper suited her very well. The two of them would definitely be good friends in the future.

Ah Rao turned to leave. With his right hand in his pocket, he raised his left hand and waved at Qiao Nian with his back facing her.

Qiao Nian smiled slightly, then took out her room card, opened the door, and walked in.

After Qiao Nian walked in, she looked around. There was no one in the room. Gu Zhou seemed to have left.

She frowned slightly. Gu Zhou was seriously injured now. She did not know what important matters he had to attend to that he had to leave now.

What worried Qiao Nian the most was what if Gu Zhou’s second personality jumped out when he was doing something?

At the thought of this, Qiao Nian was very worried, so she called Gu Zhou.

The phone rang several times before he answered.

Qiao Nian cut to the chase and asked directly, “Are you back in An City now?”

“No.”

“But the wound on your back—”

“It’s fine now!”

Gu Zhou’s voice was as hoarse and pleasant as ever. Qiao Nian could tell from his words that he wanted to hang up.

However, when Qiao Nian thought of the wound on Gu Zhou’s back, her frown deepened. She asked with concern, “I’ve already gotten the Moon Goddess that Grandma wants. I’m preparing to go back tonight. Do you want to go back with me?”

“Ah Rao?”

“Now that the competition is over, and there’s a flight back to An City tonight, Lu Zhu has already bought a ticket. I’ll wait for him at the hotel and go to the airport together. There shouldn’t be any danger. I thought that I couldn’t ask Ah Rao to accompany me in my room. There’s a difference between men and women, so it’s more or less inconvenient, so I asked him to go back.”

Gu Zhou did not seem to object. He continued to ask, “Then, is he returning to An City too?”

“I don’t know about that.”

“Got it.”

Suddenly, both sides fell silent.

Qiao Nian recalled Gu Zhou’s fever when she had left at noon. She frowned and said, “You…”

“Today…”

The two of them spoke in unison and fell silent again.