Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 446: Robbery

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“Xiao Qi…” the little boy whispered.

Gu Qi turned around and looked at the little boy. His cold eyes were filled with threats and warnings. That was not the look that a child of this age should have.

When the little boy met Gu Qi’s gaze, he instantly trembled in fear and started crying.

Gu Qi pretended not to hear anything. He retracted his gaze indifferently and walked to the other side, distancing himself from the two of them.

Zhou Qian looked at Gu Qi’s cold back and stomped his feet. He said unhappily, “I told you before that Gu Qi is a demon. Don’t provoke him!”

“Qian Qian, you’re right. Gu Qi is a big monster. He can even eat people. Let’s not play with him anymore!”

Gu Qi did not take the words of the two children to heart at all. His small hand involuntarily tightened around his phone.

Did Mommy really not want him?

Was that why Mommy had abandoned him?

Gu Qi’s eyes gradually darkened. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

At this moment, Qiao Nian, who was resting in her room in the MY hotel, felt a little uncomfortable.

When she had just received Gu Qi’s call, her eyelids had been twitching. She was flustered and felt that something big was about to happen.

She was very worried about Gu Qi. Now, she only wanted to return to An City as soon as possible and visit him tomorrow.

......

With this thought in mind, Qiao Nian closed her eyes and prepared to sleep for a while.

The moment she closed her eyes, Gu Qi’s exquisite face appeared in front of her. His beautiful eyes were fixed on her.

Qiao Nian couldn’t sleep anymore. She opened her eyes, feeling increasingly uneasy.

It had been a long time but she didn’t manage to find her mother.

She was really worried that Gu Qi would not be able to find his mommy.

She was an adult. She was capable of bearing the consequences.

However, Gu Qi was still a child and did not know anything.

How disappointed he would be if he never found his mommy.

Actually, Qiao Nian’s feelings for Gu Qi were a little complicated. Ever since she had given birth to that dead baby, whenever she saw other children, she would only think of those unbearable memories. All she wanted to do was escape.

However, when she saw Gu Qi, she had a strange feeling. She couldn’t help but want to get close to him and take good care of him.

She had never expected that she would treat Gu Qi so well.

No matter what happened in the future, she had to help Gu Qi find his mother.

At the very least, she had to let Gu Qi know if his mother was dead or alive.

However, Qiao Nian couldn’t understand why Gu Qi’s mother had abandoned him. Could it be that she had a lot of difficulties?

If only…

If Gu Qi was her child and she was his mother…

How wonderful that would be…

Ding dong!!

The sudden sound of the doorbell interrupted Qiao Nian’s thoughts.

Qiao Nian walked towards the door. Instead of opening it immediately, she asked, “You are?”

“Hello, Miss Qiao. I’m a hotel attendant. Mr. Chen has specially prepared afternoon tea for every participant.”

Qiao Nian heaved a sigh of relief and reached out to open the door.

As soon as the door opened, something cold and hard pressed against her forehead.

A gun!

Qiao Nian frowned slightly, involuntarily holding her breath.

The man with the gun warned coldly, “Don’t make a sound, or I’ll shoot you dead!”

Qiao Nian’s mind raced. There were a total of four men. The four of them might be here to rob her.

Was it robbery or rape?

From their agile movements, Qiao Nian could guess that they were definitely not ordinary people. She could only choose to remain silent.

“Get in there!” said the man pointing a gun at her.

Qiao Nian nodded slightly and turned to walk in. All four men walked in.

The moment the door closed, Lu Zhu, who had just come out of the elevator, happened to see a man enter Qiao Nian’s room. He witnessed the dangerous scene.

The man who had entered Qiao Nian’s room was holding a machine gun!