Chapter 450: Blocking a Shot

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The leader holstered his pistol and motioned for his men to open the door.

Qiao Nian glanced at the leader indifferently. Without the threat of the pistol, her chances of winning were higher.

One of the men opened the door and stood in the doorway. He looked at the hotel service lady coldly and said, “Now you can give me the gift!”

“No, I want to put it on Miss Qiao personally!”

A trace of ruthlessness appeared in the man’s eyes!

Seeing this, Qiao Nian quickly walked over with a smile. She gently patted the man’s shoulder and said, “Ah Dong, it’s just a bracelet. What’s there to be nervous about?”

The man nodded stiffly.

When the leader saw Qiao Nian walk to the door, he became vigilant and hurriedly grabbed the gun in his pocket.

A glint flashed across Qiao Nian’s eyes as she calmly handed her hand to the hotel service lady.

A bright smile appeared on the hotel service lady’s face. She was about to take out the necklace and help Qiao Nian put it on.

Qiao Nian grabbed the hotel service lady’s hand and pushed her out without hesitation. She also pounced on her without hesitation.

Seeing that Qiao Nian was about to escape, the man standing at the door reached out to grab her.

Qiao Nian was much faster than him. She took out the silver needle in her hand and stabbed it into the man’s palm without hesitation.

......

The man quickly let go in pain.

When the leader saw this, his face darkened and he cursed, “F*ck!”

As she spoke, he took out her gun and aimed it at Qiao Nian’s arm without hesitation!

Bang!

Bang!

Two gunshots rang out in Qiao Nian’s ears.

Only then did Qiao Nian notice that the shot at the back had been fired by Lu Zhu.

A trace of surprise flashed across her heart.

Bang!

When the two bullets collided in the air, there was a sharp grinding sound.

The hotel service lady was shocked by this sudden change. Without hesitation, she opened the door beside her with her all-purpose room card and quickly walked in.

At this moment, there was a bald middle-aged man in the room, having sex with his little lover.

When the man heard the door open, he looked impatient and scolded, “What’s going on? Why are you trespassing in my room? Do you believe that I’ll complain about you later?!”

At this moment, the kidnappers chased after them.

All the guns they had prepared were silencers. Even if they were to fight here, Mr. Chen wouldn’t notice them anytime soon. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

They looked at Qiao Nian with reddened eyes, secretly vowing to catch her.

The leader held his gun and fired another shot at Qiao Nian without hesitation.

Lu Zhu saw the bullet immediately. Without hesitation, he used his body to block it for Qiao Nian. He couldn’t help but grunt.

Qiao Nian quickly brought Lu Zhu into the room. Without hesitation, she closed the door and locked it.

She had never expected that Lu Zhu, who usually did not like her, would actually help her take a bullet.

At this moment, the two people in the room who were exercising on the bed were screaming in fear, but Qiao Nian couldn’t hear anything. Her gaze landed on Lu Zhu.

Lu Zhu’s white shirt was stained red with blood.

Qiao Nian’s hands trembled involuntarily, her heart filled with panic.

Would he die?

“Lu Zhu, you…”

When Lu Zhu heard Qiao Nian’s voice, he grabbed her hand. His face was pale and ugly. Without hesitation, he interrupted Qiao Nian. “Listen to me now. Those people should be mercenaries. They’re the kind of people who won’t stop until they achieve their goal. Chen Shi’s car is downstairs. Now, jump down with me!”

When the two people who were originally having sex in the room saw that someone had been shot, they were so frightened that they hid under the covers and did not dare to make a sound.

At this moment, the hotel service lady quickly walked to the bedside table and called the security guard without hesitation.

“Security, this is Irene. Now, please tell Mr. Chen that Miss Qiao has encountered a robber and that Mr. Lu has also been shot. Please call an ambulance quickly!”