Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 451: Escape

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Lu Zhu covered his injured abdomen with his hand and pulled Qiao Nian to the window.

Qiao Nian opened the window and glanced at the height. This height was no problem for her.

However, Lu Zhu was injured now.

Qiao Nian asked worriedly, “How are you now? Can you jump down?”

Lu Zhu nodded and said firmly, “I’m fine!”

He couldn’t let Qiao Nian see that he was weak and exhausted.

Qiao Nian knew that they didn’t have much time left. In a few minutes, the kidnappers would probably break in.

Moreover, Qiao Nian knew very well that Lu Zhu would definitely do it. She took a deep breath and jumped down without hesitation.

After Qiao Nian stabilized herself, she looked up at Lu Zhu.

At this moment, Lu Zhu’s face was getting paler and paler, and his white shirt had almost turned blood red.

What made Qiao Nian most uneasy was that the bullet seemed to have hit Lu Zhu’s heart.

At this moment, Qiao Nian’s hands and feet were cold. Her heart skipped a beat.

However, before Qiao Nian could react, she heard the sound of the kidnapper kicking open the door.

......

Qiao Nian had a bad feeling about this. She quickly shouted, “Jump!”

At this moment, Lu Zhu was standing by the window, barely breathing. His eyelids were getting heavier and heavier. He tried his best to see Qiao Nian’s face clearly.

In a daze, he felt that Qiao Nian’s face actually looked very similar to Lu Qi’s.

Perhaps he had long treated Qiao Nian as his dead sister, which was why he had risked everything to protect her.

Qiao Nian looked at Lu Zhu, who was motionless, and her eyes filled with tears.

Standing at the side, Chen Shi shouted anxiously, “Eldest Young Master, quickly jump down!”

Lu Zhu’s gaze landed on Chen Shi’s face. With the last of his strength, he said, “Send her to Gu Zhou!”

As soon as Lu Zhu finished speaking, the kidnapper grabbed him.

Qiao Nian stood rooted to the ground as Lu Zhu closed his eyes and collapsed.

Her heart felt like it was being gripped tightly by an invisible hand, suffocating her. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Her heart hurt like hell. She hadn’t felt like this in a long time.

The last time it hurt like this was when she found out that her child had died after she gave birth.

Could it be that Lu Zhu was dead?

No, that was impossible. Lu Zhu must have just fainted!

Qiao Nian instinctively wanted to save Lu Zhu, but was stuffed into the car by Chen Shi.

Chen Shi quickly got into the car and said angrily, “Qiao Nian, it’s all your fault. If it weren’t for you, this wouldn’t have happened!”

At this moment, the kidnappers from upstairs were standing by the window, aiming their guns at the car.

Chen Shi stepped on the accelerator and drove away.

The bullet hit the car with a sharp noise.

Qiao Nian, who was sitting in the car, was now awake.

Only then did Qiao Nian notice that Chen Shi was actually the bodyguard who had come with Ah Rao.

She remembered that Chen Shi did not like her much previously.

Qiao Nian’s gaze landed on the rearview mirror.

There were several helicopters hovering over the hotel.

The mercenaries took Lu Zhu away without hesitation.

Qiao Nian pursed her lips tightly. She would definitely save Lu Zhu.

“Give me Lu Zhu’s phone number!” Qiao Nian’s gaze landed on Chen Shi’s face.

From the start, Chen Shi had looked down on Qiao Nian. He said angrily, “Why do you need a phone?”

“Those people want the Moon Goddess. I’ll exchange the Moon Goddess for Lu Zhu!”

When Chen Shi heard Qiao Nian’s words, he was slightly stunned. He hadn’t expected Qiao Nian to be so loyal. A trace of disdain flashed across his eyes as he asked, “Then do you know who took him away? You still don’t know what happened to Young Master…”

Chen Shi’s eyes reddened.

However, Qiao Nian fell silent as well.

Qiao Nian thought for a moment. Before Lu Zhu had come to save her, he must have already investigated thoroughly. She asked, “Then do you know who instructed them?”