Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 462: Anger

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

It had to be known that Master Jiang had originally wanted to bleed Lu Zhu dry and let him die from blood loss.

Calculating the time, he should have already started bleeding.

Qiao Nian naturally didn’t know about this. She heaved a sigh of relief and followed Jiang Wen to the other side. She couldn’t help but turn back to look at Jiang Chi.

Jiang Chi turned around and entered the main hall.

Qiao Nian followed Jiang Wen into the side hall. Not long after, they arrived at Lu Zhu’s room.

Just as she gave the mercenary a look, he opened the door calmly.

As soon as the door opened, the thick smell of blood hit her.

Qiao Nian couldn’t help but frown. She walked in quickly and saw Lu Zhu lying on the bed, barely breathing.

Lu Zhu’s face was pale and his eyes were closed. He looked like the dead Jiang Cheng.

Qiao Nian’s heart tightened.

Suddenly, Qiao Nian heard a beeping sound. She looked over and was shocked.

There was a wound on Lu Zhu’s wrist. Blood gushed out from it and dripped into a jade cup by the bed.

It was unknown if the cup was red or white, but it had already turned red.

Qiao Nian hurriedly said, “Lu Zhu!”

However, Lu Zhu did not respond.

Qiao Nian’s eyes reddened involuntarily. Her rationality instantly turned to anger. She looked at Jiang Wen angrily. “Is this how you treat your guests?”

Even though she had seen the dead Jiang Cheng previously, she couldn’t control her anger at this moment.

Jiang Wen stood there calmly, a faint smile on his face. He said nothing.

Qiao Nian retracted her gaze angrily. She lifted her skirt and tugged hard, pulling out a piece of cloth that was three fingers wide.

Qiao Nian hurriedly tied a piece of cloth around Lu Zhu’s injured wrist to help stop the bleeding.

Her hand trembled as she touched Lu Zhu’s other hand. When she finally felt his pulse, the panic in her heart gradually disappeared.

“Lu Zhu, wake up. I’m here!” Qiao Nian shouted anxiously.

However, Lu Zhu had already lost too much blood and was unconscious.

Qiao Nian knew that if Lu Zhu continued to remain unconscious, he might go into shock.

Qiao Nian took out a silver needle and inserted it into Lu Zhu’s middle acupoint and the nerve point behind his head without hesitation.

In less than three minutes, Lu Zhu slowly opened his eyes. An intense pain instantly surged up. He frowned tightly, and his breathing quickened.

Seeing this, Qiao Nian helped Lu Zhu by inserting another needle.

Only then did Lu Zhu feel the pain in his body gradually dissipate. He finally saw Qiao Nian standing in front of him. His voice was hoarse. “Why were you caught too?”

If Qiao Nian hadn’t been so close, she might not have heard Lu Zhu’s weak voice. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“I wasn’t caught. I came on my own. Besides, they won’t hurt me. It’s just that your injuries can’t wait any longer. I’m going to help you remove the bullet now!”

Lu Zhu looked at Qiao Nian weakly. He couldn’t hear what she was saying, but he could see that she was anxious.

“Don’t cry!” Lu Zhu comforted her softly.

When Qiao Nian heard Lu Zhu’s words, tears instantly welled up in her eyes. She grabbed Lu Zhu’s hand and said gently, “Stop talking. Save your strength. Let’s leave this place first!”

After coming to MY, Lu Zhu had been protecting her. This time, it was her turn to protect Lu Zhu.

Qiao Nian’s beautiful foxy eyes narrowed.

She was not afraid of the mercenaries standing at the door at all. She carefully helped Lu Zhu up, placed one of his hands on her shoulder, and helped him out.

At the side, Jiang Wen’s heart tightened. He quickly blocked Qiao Nian’s path and said, “Miss Qiao, you can’t take Mr. Lu away now!”