Chapter 469: Too Late!

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The harsh wind and the noise of a tank crushing a rock were very loud.

However, Qiao Nian could clearly hear every word Gu Zhou said. His voice was like the sun in winter, warming her heart.

Although it had only been a few hours since they had last met, Qiao Nian felt like it had been years.

Moreover, the last time she had seen him was when he was Zhou Zhou, but the person standing in front of her now was Gu Zhou.

Qiao Nian relaxed her guard. She shook her head gently, a bright smile appeared on her face, and her beautiful fox eyes narrowed slightly.

This was the only smile Qiao Nian showed tonight.

“It’s not too late,” Qiao Nian said softly.

In her opinion, Gu Zhou had come at the right time.

If Gu Zhou had come a little later, who knew what worse things would have happened?

“Mrs. Gu, please come over to take a look. Our Eldest Young Master suddenly vomited blood. I wonder what happened!” Chen Shi ran over anxiously and said.

Hearing Chen Shi’s words, Qiao Nian immediately retracted her hand and ran towards Lu Zhu’s car.

Gu Zhou stood on the spot alone and watched. A trace of loneliness flashed across his empty hands. In the next moment, his thin lips curled up slightly.

He retracted his hand calmly and looked at Qiao Nian’s thin back. It seemed that Qiao Nian had already accepted her title as Mrs. Gu.

When Qiao Nian ran to Lu Zhu’s side, her gaze inadvertently landed on Chen Shi’s face. She was slightly stunned. Only then did she realize that Chen Shi had just called her Mrs. Gu.

Strange, how did Chen Shi know about her relationship with Gu Zhou?

However, there was no time to think about this now. Qiao Nian lowered her eyes to look at Lu Zhu. The blood that Lu Zhu had spat out made his face look even paler, and his vitality was gradually disappearing.

Qiao Nian frowned, her heart sinking. In a serious tone, she said, “The bullet in his body hasn’t been removed yet. If this drags on, the wound will become even more serious. At that time, even the gods will be helpless!”

Chen Shi staggered a step back and looked at Qiao Nian anxiously. Nothing must happen to Eldest Young Master. He begged bitterly, “Mrs. Gu, I heard that your medical skills are brilliant. I think you must have a way to save Eldest Young Master. Please! I’ll do anything you want!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Qiao Nian wasn’t sure if she could save Lu Zhu. They were currently fighting for time with the Grim Reaper. Qiao Nian said sternly, “Where’s the nearest hospital? Let’s go there and find an anesthetist. When the time comes, we’ll take out the bullet first! Hurry up and drive!”

Qiao Nian realized that the bullet was slightly above Lu Zhu’s heart. Now that the bullet had sunk deep into his heart, the anesthetic powder she had given Lu Zhu earlier no longer worked.

What she needed to do now was to inject anesthesia into Lu Zhu, remove the bullet, and give him a blood transfusion.

Hearing Qiao Nian’s words, Su Han drove straight down the mountain.

Qiao Nian took out her phone and searched on the map. She said to Su Han, “The nearest hospital is only twenty minutes away.”

Su Han had grown up here since he was a young child. Hearing Qiao Nian say this, he knew that she was talking about Renhe Hospital.

Renhe Hospital used to be a large hospital, but now, it was not well managed, and the medical treatments were not good.

Su Han frowned and asked worriedly, “I know that hospital, but their medical treatments aren’t good. I’m afraid there’s no way to operate. Why don’t we go to the best hospital? It’s about forty minutes from here!”

“No, it’s too late!” Qiao Nian refused without hesitation. To Lu Zhu, the earlier the surgery, the safer it would be.

Even if Ren He’s medical treatments were poor, it didn’t matter. Qiao Nian knew medical skills herself.