Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 513: Selfish

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Qiao Nian’s gaze fell on Song Yue’s face again. Her expression was serious as she enunciated each word clearly. “Are you stupid? Don’t you think your words are a little contradictory? According to what you said, I gave them the hush money purely to prevent them from telling my brother that I donated blood to him. That way, I can take the opportunity to become the precious daughter of the Lu family. But why did she just say in front of us that I donated blood to my brother? Isn’t she worried that I’ll ask for the hush money back?”

Hearing Qiao Nian’s words, Song Yue couldn’t help but laugh. With a look of disdain, she said, “Compared to your threat, she’s more afraid that Brother Lu Zhu will attack her. What’s wrong with that? That’s why she doesn’t dare to lie to Brother Lu Zhu. You’re a despicable and shameless person. Now that you’ve pretended to be the eldest daughter of the Lu family, have you ever thought about how sad Brother Lu Zhu and the others will be when they find out the truth?”

Without waiting for Qiao Nian to speak, Song Yue said confidently, “You’re pretending to be the eldest daughter of the Lu family. You’re just pretending to be someone. But have you ever thought about what the Lu family will do when they find out the truth? Do you know that they’re obsessed with the pain of losing the eldest daughter of the Lu family? They’ve been in pain for more than twenty years. You’re making them suffer even more for your own selfish reasons. You’re not worthy of being human!”

Qiao Nian ignored Song Yue’s words, because she felt that Song Yue was like a fly buzzing in her ear, making her feel a little annoyed.

However, Song Yue was still self righteous and continued, “Have you ever thought that if you just used a fake paternity test to enter the Lu family, the rest of the Lu family wouldn’t notice? Do you really think everyone in the Lu family is an idiot? There can’t be any loopholes in that matter back then. If there were, it wouldn’t have escaped the eyes of the Lu family!”

At this point, Song Yue’s eyes couldn’t help but turn red. Her heart ached as she looked at Lu Zhu. Her Brother Lu Zhu was too kind. He had almost been deceived by Qiao Nian again.

“Qiao Nian, I will never allow you to hurt Brother Lu Zhu. The eldest daughter of the Lu family is Brother Lu Zhu’s bottom line. Now that I’ve exposed your fake mask, you’re like a rat. You’re vicious and disgusting. You shouldn’t continue to live…”

“Shut up!” Lu Zhu interrupted Song Yue with a dark expression. He could almost guess what Song Yue was going to say next.

Song Yue was shocked by Lu Zhu’s voice. She looked at her brother Lu Zhu in surprise. She did not expect there to be killing intent in his eyes.

Song Yue couldn’t help but shiver. Her lips trembled as she said, “Brother Lu Zhu, I…”

Lu Zhu lifted the blanket and got up from the bed. He walked towards Song Yue step by step.

When he walked up to Song Yue, he looked at her with a dark expression and questioned in a low voice, “Since you know that I care about my family’s eldest daughter, why are you still slandering her? You even want to curse her. How dare you?”

Lu Zhu’s voice was cold and hoarse, like a demon from hell.

Qiao Nian’s throat tightened involuntarily, and she felt a lump in her throat. She had never expected her brother to believe her unconditionally.

Even though Song Yue had brought out so many arguments against her, her brother had never suspected her.

Song Yue swallowed nervously and looked at Lu Zhu with red eyes. This was the first time she had seen such a terrifying Lu Zhu, and her body couldn’t help but tremble.

“Brother Lu Zhu, why don’t you believe me? I’m clearly doing this for your own good…” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Before Song Yue could finish, Lu Zhu grabbed her neck. His eyes were cold, like a dagger slashing across Song Yue’s face.

“You’ve already touched my bottom line.” Lu Zhu’s voice was so cold that there was no warmth in it.