Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 534: Husband and Wife Are One

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Lu Zhu looked at Gu Zhou quietly. He did not know if Gu Zhou’s current abnormality was due to the possessiveness of a man’s dignity or because of Gu Zhou’s fondness for Sugar.

He privately hoped it was the latter.

However, Gu Zhou’s expression was cold and his tone was low. It looked more like the former.

At the thought of this, Lu Zhu’s expression darkened. He said indifferently, “I’m just a patient lying in a hospital bed and doing nothing. I can’t take care of her at all. She has been taking care of me meticulously during this period of time. But what have you been doing recently? I haven’t seen you either. If you were in the hospital, I don’t think she would have to work so hard to take care of me.”

Qiao Nian was speechless.

He was meticulous.

Considerate.

Her brother was really too stubborn.

This time, Gu Zhou would definitely misunderstand him. Qiao Nian felt that this was a bloodbath.

Gu Zhou pursed his thin lips and narrowed his eyes. If he hadn’t heard it with his own ears, he wouldn’t have believed that these words came from Lu Zhu’s mouth.

In the past, Lu Zhu was relatively calm. He was not good at arguing with others, let alone being so aggressive today.

Moreover, before he left the hospital, Lu Zhu had been rather distant towards Qiao Nian. But now, Lu Zhu’s attitude towards Qiao Nian had completely changed.

Moreover, he had always felt that Lu Zhu would keep a distance from his brother’s wife.

Previously, Lu Zhu had been indifferent to everything. Now, Lu Zhu was denouncing him because of Qiao Nian.

He couldn’t help but suspect that Lu Zhu had feelings for Qiao Nian.

Gu Zhou exuded a cold aura. He slowly lowered his leg and raised his eyebrows slightly. He said coldly, “Brother Zhu, she and I are husband and wife. I was busy previously, so it’s only right for her to take care of you. Moreover, she’s a doctor and knows your condition better. If her mind is in a mess, everything will be different.”

At this point, Gu Zhou’s expression turned even colder. “Logically speaking, I shouldn’t ask too much about what you and she experienced in MY. However, I will take good care of my own wife and dote on her. Brother Zhu, you don’t have to worry too much.”

When Qiao Nian heard this, she realized that Gu Zhou was implying that her brother’s heart was in turmoil and that he had feelings for his brother’s wife that he shouldn’t have.

This…

Lu Zhu narrowed his eyes behind the lenses. He was deliberately speaking up for Sugar this time to see how Gu Zhou would react.

It was rare for Gu Zhou to say so much at once, and every word was criticizing him, but he did not blame Sugar at all.

I will take good care of my own wife and dote on her.

This sentence also directly showed Gu Zhou’s current thoughts.

Gu Zhou was saying that no matter who took a fancy to Qiao Nian, Gu Zhou would not let go, even if he was Gu Zhou’s good brother.

There was nothing wrong with what Gu Zhou said.

However, he recalled how Sugar had suffered outside in the past and when finally found Sugar, he realized that Sugar had married Gu Zhou.

Lu Zhu felt very upset.

Qiao Nian, who had been standing silently at the side, was so nervous that her heart was about to jump out of her throat.

She casually tossed the tissue into the trash can and smiled, trying to ease the tense atmosphere. “Brother Zhu, thank you for saving me. I’m a doctor. Even if he were here, I would still come to help. Now that you’re feeling better, I think he will be happy.”

Lu Zhu met Qiao Nian’s sweet smile and the gloominess in his eyes disappeared. “Mm.”

Gu Zhou kept staring at Lu Zhu. Naturally, he noticed the change in Lu Zhu. It was as if no matter what Qiao Nian said, Lu Zhu would agree.

His frown deepened. He felt that something was wrong with Lu Zhu.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)