Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 690: Destined

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Qiao Nian suddenly felt Gu Zhou hug her even tighter.

Qiao Nian was a little surprised. Why was Gu Zhou hugging her?

Was Gu Zhou afraid that she would be jealous of the eldest daughter of the Lu family, or did he treat her as the eldest daughter of the Lu family?

“When I was very young, Old Master Lu would often carry the eldest daughter of the Lu family over. However, after I was sent to the countryside, I never saw her again. About a few months later, I received news of her death.”

Moonlight streamed in from the window. Gu Zhou’s back was facing the window. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Gu Zhou’s face was in the shadows. Qiao Nian couldn’t see his face clearly, but she could hear his voice.

His voice trembled a little, as if he was very concerned about the death of the eldest daughter of the Lu family.

Qiao Nian had a strange feeling in her heart. After some thought, she asked again, “What happened after that?”

“After that, the marriage between our families was canceled.” When Gu Zhou said this, he sounded a little helpless.

Qiao Nian sighed softly, her heart aching.

Although she had already heard about this from Matriarch Gu, she did not feel much at that time.

However, when she heard Gu Zhou’s words, she felt even worse.

Gu Zhou still cared a lot about the eldest daughter of the Lu family.

As she was the eldest daughter of the Lu family, she did not feel sad.

However, when she thought about how Gu Zhou had said in front of her that he cared about another girl even if she wasn’t the eldest daughter of the Lu family…

She still felt a little uncomfortable.

But when the truth was right there. Qiao Nian realized something.

In the past, she had never believed in fate, but now she did.

It was as if she and Gu Zhou were destined to be together.

Even though she did not have the status of the eldest daughter of the Lu family, even though she had been forced to marry into the Qiao family, she was still Gu Zhou’s wife.

Her bond with Gu Zhou was very deep.

With her ability, no matter how much the Qiao couple forced her, she could refuse. However, she had previously promised someone that she would treat Gu Zhou’s illness in return for saving her life.

At that time, she thought that if she married over on behalf of Qiao Xin, not only would she be able to get the shares Grandma had left for her, but she would also be able to take the opportunity to treat Gu Zhou’s illness. It would be the best of both worlds. Hence, she had married him without hesitation.

However, after going around in circles, she had never expected that she and Gu Zhou were destined to be together.

The more Gu Zhou thought about it, the more painful it became. He couldn’t help but hug Qiao Nian tightly.

Qiao Nian sensed that Gu Zhou’s emotions were unstable. She hesitated for a moment, then helplessly raised her arms to hug him.

“Yes, thank you for your honesty!” Qiao Nian looked up at Gu Zhou and said softly.

Gu Zhou was slightly stunned. He hadn’t expected Qiao Nian to say this. A complicated look flashed in his eyes as he said, “I don’t want you to misunderstand me because of this!”

A strange feeling flashed across Qiao Nian’s heart. She hadn’t expected Gu Zhou to be so honest with her. He was actually afraid that she would misunderstand.

Everyone had a past. Actually, she didn’t care about Gu Zhou’s past at all.

Moreover, the two of them were not really married to begin with. He wasn’t part of her past which was even more exhausting.

“Yes!”

“I’ll go to the Gu residence with you tomorrow. Go to sleep!”

Gu Zhou’s voice sounded a little muffled, as if he was not very satisfied with her answer.

Qiao Nian was a little sleepy after being tormented for so long. When she heard Gu Zhou’s words, she closed her eyes and fell asleep not long after.

Seeing that Qiao Nian had fallen asleep, Gu Zhou wasn’t sleepy at all. Under the moonlight shining in from the window, he looked at Qiao Nian’s quiet sleeping face, and the uneasiness in his heart gradually grew.

He had slept before. He had dreams. He dreamed that he was back as a child.

At that time, Ah Nian had brought him a lollipop. When he wanted to eat it, his mother had beaten him up.

Vaguely, he seemed to see Qiao Nian standing in the bathroom and taking the initiative to kiss him on the lips. Then, he brought Qiao Nian into the bathtub to kiss her. He still remembered the taste of Qiao Nian’s mouth.

Gu Zhou licked his lips.

That dream was a little messy.

He couldn’t figure out if that really happened or if it was just a dream.