Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 691: Jealousy

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Gu Zhou stared at Qiao Nian’s lips with a burning gaze. He recalled the kiss in the bathtub. For some reason, he moved closer to Qiao Nian’s lips and kissed her involuntarily.

This kiss was completely different from the deep kiss before. It was just a light kiss.

Strange, her lips weren’t as sweet as they had been in her dream.

Just as Gu Zhou was about to kiss her again, the sleeping Qiao Nian frowned slightly, as if falling asleep like this was very uncomfortable.

Just as he was about to adjust his posture, Qiao Nian placed her hand on his waist and took the initiative to approach him.

…

Jiang Yue was wearing a black tracksuit. She walked quietly on the second floor of the Gu family villa.

She had lived here for more than twenty years and knew every room like the back of her hand.

Although Gu Zhou was unwilling to let her in, she had once discovered a dog hole when she was young. When she saw that no one was paying attention, she crawled in through that dog hole.

When Jiang Yue was in the courtyard, she carefully avoided all the cameras. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

There were no cameras in the Gu family villa, so she walked down the corridor on the second floor without restraint.

Jiang Yue walked to the guest room Qiao Nian had been staying in. She turned the doorknob and pushed the door open.

Although Jiang Yue had not returned to the Gu family during this period of time and she did not have a spy in the Gu family, she had been living in the mountains and watching every move of the Gu family with a telescope.

She knew that Qiao Nian was sleeping in this room. She wanted to give Qiao Nian some small gifts so that Qiao Nian would beg for death in the future.

Jiang Yue carefully sprinkled some medicinal powder on Qiao Nian’s bed. Just as she was about to leave, she began to rummage through her things.

Previously, she had noticed that Grandma had given Qiao Nian something. She really wanted to know what it was. She remembered that Qiao Nian had placed it in the cabinet.

Jiang Yue found a jewelry box in a cabinet. She hurriedly took it out and opened it. She was stunned.

Jiang Yue gripped the flashlight in her hand tightly, shining all the light on the piece of jewelry in the jewelry box.

It was actually the Butterfly Fairy!

This was Grandma’s proudest work.

Grandma had actually given the Butterfly Fairy to Qiao Nian.

The coldness in Jiang Yue’s eyes grew more and more obvious. She clenched her fists tightly and pursed her lips.

Jiang Yue remembered very clearly that when the butterfly fairy designed by Grandma and received an award, Grandma kept this jewelry for herself.

Jiang Yue had thought that Grandma would never take out the Butterfly Fairy again, but she had never expected Grandma to give the Butterfly Fairy to Qiao Nian.

Why?

Back then, before Qiao Nian married into the Gu family, she was still the eldest daughter of the Gu family. She could do whatever she wanted in the outside world.

It was all Qiao Nian’s fault!

Qiao Nian had taken everything from her.

Qiao Nian had even stolen Grandma’s love for her.

She would never let Qiao Nian off. She had to make Qiao Nian pay the price.

Once again, Jiang Yue’s gaze fell on the butterfly fairy necklace. Her pupils were trembling with anger. She closed the jewelry box and placed it in her pocket.

She couldn’t leave such a good thing to Qiao Nian.

Jiang Yue left carefully. She walked to the room where Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian were sleeping, her expression complicated.

She wondered what that little b*tch Qiao Nian had drugged Gu Zhou with to make him listen to her.

In two days, she would see if Qiao Nian, this little b*tch, could still smile.

Jiang Yue quickly walked out.

The next morning, when Qiao Nian woke up, she realized that she was alone on the bed.

She casually touched the place where Gu Zhou was sleeping, but she did not feel any warmth. It seemed that Gu Zhou should have woken up long ago.

Qiao Nian sat up lazily from the bed and woke up. Only then did she walk towards her room.

After washing up and changing her clothes, Qiao Nian walked downstairs.

When she walked to the living room, she saw Gu Qi sitting on the sofa, holding his phone with both hands. His expression was serious, as if he was playing a game.

Qiao Nian looked at Gu Qi with interest. She walked towards him. When she saw Gu Qi’s phone screen, she was stunned.