Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 699: Secret

She stood up nervously and stood uneasily at the side. Just as she was about to explain, she saw her second brother, who had always been a clean freak, take off his coat and hold it in his hand. He was frantically wiping the spot where she had once sat, as if he was wiping some rare treasure.

Second Brother had completely lost his usual elegance and gentlemanliness. All that was left was madness.

That’s right. Second Brother was frantically wiping the spot where she had once sat.

“Second Brother…”

At that time, Song Yu only let out a cry. Then, she met Second Brother’s beast-like eyes, as if if if she said another word, Second Brother would eat her up like a wild beast.

She was dumbfounded.

Before she could regain her senses, Song Yu was thrown out by Second Brother.

At that time, Second Brother had even warned her fiercely not to enter this room again.

Song Yu looked at her second brother in fear and unease, but she saw the disgust in his eyes. It was as if she was a dirty thing that no one wanted and was not worthy of touching the things in his room.

Song Yu had a feeling that if she entered that room again, she might really be killed by Second Brother.

At that time, Song Yu was still young. Fear surrounded her, so she sat outside and cried. Only when the nanny came to look for her did she leave with the nanny.

After she grew up, Song Yu learned from the servants that that room was the favorite place of the eldest daughter of the Lu family when she was alive.

The piano and seats Song Yu had touched were also Eldest Miss Lu’s favorite furniture.

It was only from that moment that Song Yu knew who the most important person in Second Brother’s heart was.

Song Yu lowered her gaze, her eyes filled with sorrow.

She knew that no matter how long the eldest daughter of the Lu family had been gone, Second Brother would always leave a place for her in his heart.

That room carried the memories of Second Brother and the eldest daughter of the Lu family. Second Brother would never let anyone else go in, let alone any woman enter that room.

She felt that Qiao Nian had probably only gone to Second Brother’s piano room. As for that small room, Qiao Nian wasn’t qualified to enter it.

Song Yu felt that Second Brother’s future wife was not qualified to enter that room either.

The thought of Second Brother getting married in the future made her feel a little uncomfortable, and her breathing became a little erratic.

Song Yu hurriedly threw these messy thoughts to the back of her mind. She looked up at Jiang Yue and smiled lightly. “Let’s not interfere in Qiao Nian’s affairs anymore. It’s her freedom to choose who she likes. It’s getting late. Let’s go pray for Eldest Sister as soon as possible!”

When she heard Song Yu’s words, Jiang Yue’s throat tightened, and a trace of anxiety flashed in her eyes.

Why wasn’t Song Yu anxious?

If she wasn’t wrong, the person Song Yu liked should be Lu Nian.

If Song Yu didn’t join forces with her, she wouldn’t be able to deal with Qiao Nian alone.

When Jiang Yue thought of how she had been chased out of the Gu family by Qiao Nian, she felt even worse.

Qiao Nian had ruined her life and everything she had. Qiao Nian had stolen everything from her.

She would never let Qiao Nian off.

Why could Song Yu pretend to be so calm?

Could it be that Song Yu had hidden all her dissatisfaction?

That made sense. Song Yu was a celebrity and an actress. She must be very good at acting.

Jiang Yue had a feeling that Song Yu and Qiao Nian would also fight to the death in the future.

In the Lu family’s living room.

The servant poured two cups of tea for Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian, then lowered her head and left. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Lu Nian happened to be sitting opposite Qiao Nian. His gaze fell on Qiao Nian’s face and her eyebrows. At this moment, he realized that Qiao Nian and Lu Qi roughly looked alike. However, Lu Qi’s eyes looked innocent, while Qiao Nian’s eyes were so beautiful that one would sink into them.

Not only that, but Lu Nian also noticed that Qiao Nian’s temperament was very similar to his mother’s.

He had always thought that Qiao Nian looked familiar, but he had never thought that they were siblings.

Fortunately, they had acknowledged their sister.

Otherwise, they might have brushed shoulders with their sister for the rest of their lives.

Lu Nian looked at Qiao Nian sitting obediently on the sofa. In a daze, he seemed to have returned to more than twenty years ago.