Chapter 700: Heartache for Sister

At that time, Qiao Nian would always complain that she wanted to watch cartoons. Every time he played cartoons for her, she would sit obediently on the sofa, giving off a peaceful feeling.

Lu Nian came back to his senses and sighed slightly.

They missed their sister. It was a pity that they had not grown up with her for more than twenty years.

Gu Zhou had been sitting beside Qiao Nian. He also noticed Lu Nian’s gaze, and a trace of confusion flashed in his eyes.

Gu Zhou’s gaze darted to Lu Nian and Lu Zhu’s faces.

Only then did he realize that Lu Zhu and Lu Nian were looking at Qiao Nian the same way.

Gu Zhou couldn’t help but grip the teacup in his hand tightly. In order to hide his displeasure, he picked up the teacup and took a sip.

He slowly placed the teacup on the table again.

Lu Zhu and Lu Nian looked at Qiao Nian with gentleness and pity. There seemed to be a trace of care in their eyes.

Previously, he had always thought that Lu Zhu had a life-and-death relationship with Qiao Nian, so every time Lu Zhu looked at Qiao Nian, he would look at her strangely. But why had Lu Nian become like this?

Even if the entire world betrayed him, Lu Nian would not.

However, the way Lu Nian looked at Qiao Nian became even more brazen. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

A meaningful look flashed across Gu Zhou’s eyes.

In order to verify his guess, he coughed lightly.

When Lu Nian heard Gu Zhou cough, he hurriedly looked at his face and asked with concern, “Second Brother, are you feeling unwell? Do you have a cold?”

Gu Zhou lowered his eyes slightly. He could tell that Lu Nian was still very concerned about him.

Seeing that Gu Zhou’s face had turned even paler, the worry in his eyes became more and more obvious. Lu Nian turned around and walked out, saying, “I’ll call the doctor at home now!”

“I’m fine.” Gu Zhou stopped Lu Nian. Seeing that he had stopped, his gaze fell on Qiao Nian’s face again. “She’s the doctor. It’s fine as long as she’s here.”

Lu Nian turned to look at Gu Zhou, frowning slightly. “But now…”

“It’s really nothing. Don’t worry!”

Qiao Nian was also looking at Gu Zhou. Her gaze was sizing up Gu Zhou’s face. His face was pale, and he looked a little uncomfortable.

For some reason, Qiao Nian recalled that Gu Zhou had been switching personalities frequently recently. She regretted not persuading Gu Zhou to rest in the Gu family villa.

If Gu Zhou changed his personality again today, she would bring him home directly.

With this thought in mind, Qiao Nian looked up at Lu Nian and said, “Brother Ah Nian, you don’t have to worry. I’ll take good care of him!”

Hearing Qiao Nian’s words, Lu Nian’s eyes darkened. He looked at Qiao Nian with heartache.

In the past, he had always hoped that Second Brother would recover soon.

But now, he hoped that a miracle would happen. If Second Brother recovered in an instant, Sugar wouldn’t have to work so hard to take care of him.

Lu Zhu put down the teacup in his hand and raised his left hand to look at the time on his wrist. “It’s getting late. Let’s go to the Buddhist hall now!”

As Lu Zhu spoke, he stood up. Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian also stood up.

Qiao Nian followed Gu Zhou. Her heart was in a mess. She had never been so nervous in the past.

At the thought of seeing her biological grandmother and sister this time, her heart began to race.

Right, she wondered if Third Brother would be home this time.

She really liked Third Brother’s personality!

Filled with anticipation, Qiao Nian followed everyone towards the temple hall.

Gu Zhou walked beside Qiao Nian, his attention all on her. When he saw Qiao Nian’s careful and expectant expression, a complicated look flashed in his eyes.

He still remembered how Qiao Nian had looked when she first came to the Gu family villa.

At that time, Qiao Nian was in high spirits and looked calm. She didn’t look like this at all.

This was the first time he had seen Qiao Nian like this.

With this thought in mind, Gu Zhou lowered his head slightly and asked in a voice that only the two of them could hear, “Are you feeling unwell?”