Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 701: Indifference

When Qiao Nian heard Gu Zhou’s words, her heart instantly rose to her throat. In the end, she slowly fell back to her original spot.

She was looking forward to meeting her family too much. Perhaps it was because of this that her current behavior was very abnormal. Even Gu Zhou had already discovered that she was a little abnormal.

If those people had spies in the Lu family, it would be terrible if they noticed her abnormality and found out that she already knew her true identity.

At that time, she would be in danger. She might even bring the entire Lu family into danger.

Qiao Nian lowered her gaze, her eyes filled with complicated emotions. In order to protect her family, she absolutely couldn’t give herself away.

At this thought, Qiao Nian shook her head and said, “I’m fine.”

Gu Zhou didn’t speak. He looked at Qiao Nian with a complicated expression.

After walking for about ten minutes, the three of them arrived at the Buddhist hall.

This was Qiao Nian’s second time here.

She looked at the courtyard filled with flowers, then at the house that looked like a fairytale castle. Her heart was filled with complicated emotions.

Everyone in the Lu family really doted on the eldest daughter of the Lu family and gave her things girls liked.

Qiao Nian followed everyone into the house. At a glance, she saw the dejected Matriarch Lu.

Matriarch Lu’s hair had turned white. She looked tired and sad. Her eyes were red and bloodshot, as if she had not slept for a long time.

Qiao Nian felt a little stuffy in her chest.

If those things hadn’t happened back then, she might have been happy. Matriarch Lu wouldn’t have become so sad.

Lu Qi stood beside Matriarch Lu and lowered her head to speak to her, as if comforting her.

Standing beside Lu Qi was the adopted daughter of the Lu family, Song Yu.

There was a young woman standing beside Song Yu. Her back was facing them. Qiao Nian felt that the woman’s back was a little familiar, but she couldn’t remember.

Lu Zhu walked to the front and called out, “Grandma.”

When Matriarch Lu heard Lu Zhu’s voice, she looked up at him, not hiding the sorrow in her eyes at all.

“Yes!” Matriarch Lu said weakly.

At this moment, the young woman standing beside Song Yu turned around.

Her gaze fell on Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian’s faces. Her eyes were filled with joy as she greeted them with a gentle smile.

“Brother Ah Zhou, Sister Qiao Nian!”

When Qiao Nian heard Jiang Yue’s voice, her stomach churned and she almost vomited.

She had a bad feeling.

Gu Zhou frowned slightly and did not look directly at Jiang Yue.

At this moment, Jiang Yue noticed Gu Zhou’s attitude. A trace of sadness flashed across her eyes, but she quickly calmed down. She smiled at Lu Zhu and Lu Nian and greeted them.

Her voice was gentle and pleasant to the ear.

“Brother Lu Zhu, Brother Ah Nian!”

Lu Zhu did not speak. Without even looking at Jiang Yue, he walked towards Matriarch Lu.

Lu Nian looked at Jiang Yue coldly. His thin lips parted slightly as he said casually and sarcastically, “I’ve already made it very clear before. You have the head of a fish. Your memory is only seven seconds. I’ve never had a sister like you!”

Jiang Yue’s face turned pale. She stood rooted to the ground awkwardly, at a loss.

Lu Zhu stood beside Matriarch Lu. He recalled the information he had found previously. Jiang Yue had framed Sugar for her own selfish reasons. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

That was during his speech at the medical school. He didn’t know that Qiao Nian was his sister.

At that time, Jiang Yue had mocked Qiao Nian in public and even snatched Sugar’s gown.

Although Jiang Yue was the one who embarrassed herself that day, when he thought of what Jiang Yue had done to Sugar, the anger in his chest burned.

Lu Zhu raised his eyebrows slightly and said with a serious expression, “I’ll remind you one last time. If you scream again, I’ll get the butler to chase you out of the Lu family!”

Lu Zhu’s words were not polite at all, not giving Jiang Yue any face.

When Jiang Yue heard Lu Zhu’s words, her face turned pale in fear. She bit her lip and looked at Lu Zhu in fear, but she could not say anything.