Chapter 702: Blessing Bag

How could Jiang Yue not have thought that the Lu brothers would treat her as their enemy just by greeting her?

Could it be that the two of them already knew that she had been chased out by Grandma?

No, this was impossible.

There was no way Grandma would tell anyone about this.

She knew Grandma very well. Although Grandma was very angry and chased her out, Grandma would still give her face in front of outsiders.

Why were Lu Zhu and Lu Nian so fierce to her? She could not figure it out.

When Song Yu heard Lu Zhu and Lu Nian’s words, she frowned slightly, a trace of confusion flashing in her eyes.

No matter what, Jiang Yue was a guest she had brought here. Why didn’t her brothers give her face this time? Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Could it really be for Qiao Nian?

Previously, she had heard from Jiang Yue that Jiang Yue had a conflict with Grandma Gu because of Qiao Nian’s evil intentions.

Actually, she was a little skeptical about this matter.

Qiao Nian was just an outsider. Why would Grandma Gu be angry with Jiang Yue over an outsider?

But now, she believed her. Her two brothers despised Jiang Yue because of Qiao Nian.

Song Yu’s gaze landed on Qiao Nian’s face.

Qiao Nian was very good-looking, and her face was very exquisite. She was even prettier than other female celebrities in the entertainment industry.

With Qiao Nian’s natural looks, she would definitely be able to make a name for herself in the entertainment industry.

Could it be that their two brothers were so cold to Jiang Yue because they liked Qiao Nian?

What ability did Qiao Nian have to toy with her two brothers and Gu Zhou?

Song Yu sensed that the atmosphere was very awkward. She hurriedly smiled and said, “It’s getting late. Everyone, hurry up and offer incense!”

Matriarch Lu, who was originally immersed in sorrow, also sensed that the atmosphere in the room was a little awkward. She did not want anything to happen on her precious granddaughter’s death anniversary, so she said, “Come over and offer incense!”

As Matriarch Lu spoke, she walked in. Qiao Nian followed suit and saw that Matriarch Lu’s hair was much fairer than before.

When she walked to the temple hall, Qiao Nian saw Matriarch Lu’s heartbroken expression when she saw the urn. Her heart ached.

In Grandma’s heart, she had been dead for more than twenty years.

She looked at Grandma with heartache. She didn’t understand. “She” had clearly been dead for more than ten years. Why was Grandma still so sad?

Didn’t they say that time could dilute all sorrow?

Why did Grandma remain in the past?

Lu Qi was inadvertently seen by Qiao Nian. When she met Qiao Nian’s gaze, a trace of confusion flashed in her eyes.

Sister Qiao Nian’s eyes looked complicated. There was a faint sadness in them, as if she wanted to say something but hesitated…

However, the only thing she was sure of was that Sister Qiao Nian’s eyes were filled with concern for Grandma.

Sister Qiao Nian definitely couldn’t bear to see Grandma continue to be sad over her sister’s death.

Actually, she also felt that Grandma should move on from her sister’s death, but it was as if a wall had been built in Grandma’s heart. She refused to let everyone in, and refused to leave that sad memory.

She watched as Qiao Nian’s heart ached for her grandmother. It was as if family members were concerned about each other.

Strange.

Sister Qiao Nian shouldn’t have anything to do with Grandma. Why did she dote on Grandma so much?

Lu Qi suddenly recalled something. This time, Grandma had asked Sister Qiao Nian to embroider a blessing bag for her sister.

Lu Qi said to Qiao Nian, “Sister Qiao Nian, I heard that you also embroidered a blessing bag for my sister this time?”

Qiao Nian retracted her gaze and her gaze fell on Lu Qi’s face. “Yes.”

Lu Qi was a lively and cheerful girl.

She still remembered the speech at the medical school. When everyone thought that there was something wrong with her, Lu Qi believed her.

Qiao Nian took the box from Chen Qing and handed it to Lu Qi. “It’s in this box.”

Hearing everyone talk about the blessing bag, Matriarch Lu’s gaze fell on the box.

“Thank you, Sister Qiao Nian.” Lu Qi carefully took the box and brought it to Matriarch Lu.