Chapter 705: Protecting Her Husband

Qiao Nian hadn’t wanted to argue with Jiang Yue, but seeing that Jiang Yue was relentless, she interrupted her without hesitation. There was a hint of impatience in her voice as she said, “Miss Jiang Yue, I’ll remind you again. You’ve already been chased out of the Gu family by Matriarch Gu. From now on, the Gu family has nothing to do with you. Don’t call him Brother Ah Zhou anymore. Do you understand?”

The last thing Jiang Yue wanted to mention was spoken out loud by Qiao Nian. Her face instantly turned pale, and her body trembled slightly. For a moment, she couldn’t speak.

The reason why Jiang Yue could still walk in high society was entirely because no one knew that she no longer had anything to do with the Gu family.

If everyone knew that she had nothing to do with the Gu family now, they would probably all leave her.

Those who had previously disliked her would take the opportunity to take revenge.

At this moment, she felt a little helpless and stunned.

Gu Zhou’s gaze fell on Qiao Nian’s face, and the gloom in his eyes gradually disappeared. He looked at Qiao Nian with a smile.

He did not expect his little wife to learn to protect him.

This feeling of being protected by his wife was quite good.

Jiang Yue’s gaze inadvertently fell on Gu Zhou’s face. Seeing Gu Zhou looking at Qiao Nian gently, the jealousy in her heart was overturned. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Why?

She had been by Brother Ah Zhou’s side for so many years.

All this time, no matter what, she had worked hard to make everything perfect. She wanted to receive Brother Ah Zhou’s approving gaze.

However, Brother Ah Zhou had always ignored her, as if she did not exist in the Gu family.

But she was the person who cared about Brother Ah Zhou the most in the world.

Why was Brother Ah Zhou with Qiao Nian?

Qiao Nian was just a cunning person.

Jiang Yue said pitifully, “But I’m telling the truth!”

When Qiao Nian heard Jiang Yue’s voice, her attention fell on Jiang Yue’s face again, and she didn’t notice Gu Zhou’s gaze at all.

“You don’t know much,” Qiao Nian said coldly. “Every color of hyacinth has a different symbolism, but when all the colors gather together, it takes on a new meaning.”

At this moment, everyone’s gaze fell on Qiao Nian’s face.

Under everyone’s gaze, Qiao Nian said, “The hyacinth flowers bloom around March and April every year. It only blooms for three to four months. After its flowering period, if we want it to bloom again, we will have to cut off the withered flowers. Hence, the hyacinth also represents the love of rebirth and represents the end of pain and suffering of the past. One will begin a new life and find a new love.”

Jiang Yue was stunned. Why didn’t she know about this?

She hadn’t seen any of this when she was investigating. Qiao Nian must have made this up.

Jiang Yue noticed that when Matriarch Lu heard Qiao Nian’s words, her brow relaxed, and her eyes were filled with hope.

The others’ eyes were also filled with praise for Qiao Nian.

“Good, good, good!” Matriarch Lu said happily. “This blessing bag is really well made!”

Rebirth.

This word was too beautiful.

She now hoped that her eldest granddaughter would be reborn like Hyacinth.

Seeing that the others’ impression of her had skyrocketed, Jiang Yue frowned slightly. Soon, she came up with a plan. Pretending to be patient, she said, “Sister Qiao Nian, it’s wrong to lie. You shouldn’t lie in front of the eldest daughter of the Lu family. What if you lead her astray? Moreover, today is such a serious occasion. Everyone can find out Hyacinth’s flower symbolism online. I believe you’re not lying on purpose. It’s just that I don’t think the blessing bag you made is suitable for the eldest daughter of the Lu family!”

Hearing Jiang Yue’s words, the coldness in her eyes intensified.

Jiang Yue was no longer making insinuations. She began to say bluntly that she was lying because she wanted to tell everyone that she had no respect for the dead eldest daughter of the Lu family and had ill intentions towards her.

Jiang Yue wanted everyone to think that she was deliberately setting up the eldest daughter of the Lu family.