Chapter 709: Apologizing

Lu Qi frowned slightly, her eyes filled with surprise. She said, “But Sister Qiao Nian also embroidered a bag for my sister wholeheartedly. You can’t slander her casually!”

At this point, Lu Qi recalled that during the lecture at the medical school, Jiang Yue had deliberately instigated a few female students to target Qiao Nian. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Lu Qi wasn’t a fool. She knew very well that Jiang Yue was also targeting Qiao Nian on purpose this time. She questioned, “You casually denied the fruits of other people’s hard work. Have you ever thought about the harm others have suffered? Sometimes, you can’t pretend that none of this happened just because you said that you didn’t do it on purpose. This is unfair to the people who have been hurt!”

Lu Zhu and Lu Nian looked at Lu Qi proudly.

Both Sugar and Lu Qi were good girls who could distinguish right from wrong.

When Qiao Nian heard Lu Qi’s words, she was a little touched.

No matter what, Lu Qi was always that kind and upright young lady.

Qiao Nian gave Lu Qi a grateful look.

After that, Qiao Nian retracted her gaze and looked down at Jiang Yue. She was waiting for Jiang Yue to apologize to her.

Jiang Yue had now become a thorn in everyone’s side.

She knew in her heart that if she didn’t apologize, she wouldn’t be able to stay in An City anymore.

Jiang Yue looked up at Qiao Nian, then lowered her gaze. Her eyes were filled with hatred, but her voice was as gentle as ever. “I’m sorry… I misunderstood you. I really didn’t do it on purpose. I apologize to you for what I just said!”

“It’s ok,” Qiao Nian answered impassively.

Jiang Yue was slightly stunned. The hatred in her eyes was like a surging river, endless.

She had never expected someone as arrogant as Qiao Nian to accept her apology.

Seeing Jiang Yue’s indignant expression, Qiao Nian knew that this matter had already angered Jiang Yue.

Jiang Yue clenched her fists involuntarily. After a long while, she looked up at Matriarch Lu, her eyes returning to their usual gentleness. “Grandma Lu, can I offer an incense stick to the eldest daughter of the Lu family?”

Jiang Yue suppressed the anger in her heart. No matter what, she had to make Qiao Nian suffer today.

Matriarch Lu looked at Jiang Yue and hesitated for a moment before nodding. “Go!”

When Jiang Yue heard Matriarch Lu’s words, she took the incense from the side and walked up to the eldest daughter of the Lu family. She bowed three times respectfully.

After bowing, Jiang Yue inserted the incense in her hand into the incense burner of the eldest daughter of the Lu family.

After doing all this, Jiang Yue silently retreated to a corner, but she did not leave immediately.

No one cared about Jiang Yue anymore, because she was just an unimportant person.

Lu Qi handed the blessing bag to Qiao Nian. Qiao Nian walked to the urn and hung the blessing bag on it with a complicated expression.

She didn’t know which girl’s ashes were in this urn, nor did she know how much pain this girl had suffered when she was alive. The only thing she was sure of was that this girl was as pitiful as she was.

She would definitely investigate the entire incident and make those people pay.

She would never let those despicable people off.

At this moment, a drop of liquid suddenly dripped out of her blessing bag.

The drop of liquid dripped straight onto the urn.

Everyone looked at the blessing bag in surprise, not understanding what had happened.

Lu Qi walked forward, her eyes filled with confusion. Puzzled, she asked, “Strange, why is there water in this blessing bag?”

As Lu Qi spoke, she was about to wipe the liquid off the urn.

When Lu Qi’s hand was only a centimeter away from the urn, Qiao Nian grabbed Lu Qi’s arm and pulled her back. “Don’t move!”

Her voice was urgent, harsh, and nervous.

Lu Qi looked at Qiao Nian in surprise. Just as she was about to ask, she saw Qiao Nian staring at the liquid dripping from the blessing bag with a frown.

Could that liquid be very dangerous?

With this thought in mind, Lu Qi followed Qiao Nian’s gaze.