Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 712: Frame

Jiang Yue stood rooted to the ground, receiving questioning gazes from all directions.

Those gazes pierced into her body like silver needles.

Jiang Yue looked around uneasily, swaying on the spot. After a long while, she explained, “Brother Ah Zhou, I-I didn’t frame Sister Qiao Nian. She was the one who made this blessing bag, so I first thought that she had added sulfuric acid.”

When Gu Zhou heard Jiang Yue’s words, his expression instantly darkened, as if he didn’t agree with her.

Jiang Yue met Gu Zhou’s gaze and was instantly enlightened.

Oh no!

Just now, Gu Zhou had warned her not to call her Brother Ah Zhou in the future, but she had just called him that again.

Brother Ah Zhou would definitely be angry.

Suddenly, Jiang Yue recalled what had happened at the hotel.

When she drugged Qiao Nian, a kindergarten teacher had spoken rudely. Brother Ah Zhou had crippled her.

It was at that moment that she realized that Brother Ah Zhou also hit women.

Jiang Yue stood there in fear, afraid that she would be crippled as well.

“I’m sorry, Mr. Gu. I just…”

“I meant what I said.” Gu Zhou interrupted Jiang Yue’s apology coldly and enunciated each word clearly. “You’re deliberately trying to frame Qiao Nian!”

Everyone looked at Jiang Yue coldly, including Song Yu.

Qiao Nian glanced at Gu Zhou. Gu Zhou was acting a little strange today. He seemed to be especially protective.

Could it be that Gu Zhou really liked her?

No, no, this was absolutely impossible.

The reason why Gu Zhou admitted that he liked her was because he wanted Gu Qi to slowly accept her.

Previously, she had asked Gu Zhou if he liked her. At that time, Gu Zhou must have been too embarrassed to reject her directly, so he had said ambiguously that he liked her.

Qiao Nian lowered her gaze slightly, trying hard to pretend to be calm.

Now was not the time to consider whether Gu Zhou liked her or not. Instead, she should consider who had added sulfuric acid to her blessing bag.

Jiang Yue looked at Gu Zhou with a hurt expression. She hadn’t expected Gu Zhou to still speak up for Qiao Nian. No one had any evidence, so why did everyone suspect that she was the culprit?

Jiang Yue felt as if her entire world had collapsed.

She looked at Gu Zhou with an aggrieved expression. She was so frightened by Gu Zhou’s cold aura that she took a step back. She tried hard to remain calm and said, “I didn’t.”

Gu Zhou’s eyes narrowed dangerously. His gaze fell on Jiang Yue’s face and he questioned, “Qiao Nian played a part in you being chased out of the Gu family. How can you be so magnanimous as to forgive her? I still remember what you said to her that night. You were very jealous of her. You have enough motive to frame her!”

Jiang Yue shook her head with teary eyes. “No, it’s not like that!”

Jiang Yue’s eyes were as red as a rabbit’s. A tear rolled down her cheek uncontrollably, and her lips trembled slightly, as if she had suffered greatly.

“No, no!” Jiang Yue’s gaze fell on Qiao Nian’s face. Her gaze turned cold as she shouted, “In terms of motive, among everyone here, Qiao Nian hates the eldest daughter of the Lu family the most!”

Qiao Nian’s lips curved up slightly, her expression calm. She continued, “What motive could I have?”

Jiang Yue bit her lip and clenched her fists tightly. She looked around and saw everyone looking at her with resentment.

Her tears fell uncontrollably. With a broken expression, she said, “Grandma told you previously that the eldest daughter of the Lu family was engaged to Brother Ah Zhou. You liked Brother Ah Zhou, so you were jealous!”

When Matriarch Lu heard Jiang Yue’s words, she suddenly recalled the past. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

If Jiang Yue hadn’t mentioned it, she might have forgotten about it.

At that time, Old Master Lu often brought the eldest daughter of the Lu family to the Gu family to play.

The two families were even closer than they were now.

That period was when she was happiest. She didn’t have to worry about the war or the schemes in the business world. She watched her granddaughter grow up like an elder in an ordinary family.

Qiao Nian’s expression instantly darkened. Grandma told her about this herself. At that time, Jiang Yue was no longer in the Gu family. Then who had Jiang Yue heard it from?

She asked, “Where did you hear that?”