Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

714 My Bag!

Seeing that Qiao Nian was staring at her bag, a trace of nervousness flashed in Jiang Yue’s eyes. She hurriedly put her bag behind her and lowered her head pitifully, tears falling silently.

Qiao Nian lowered her gaze and asked, “What did you put in your bag?”

“It’s just ordinary cosmetics.” Jiang Yue’s voice carried a trace of grievance. She slowly looked up at Qiao Nian and questioned unhappily, “Are you suspecting me on purpose so that you can clear your name?”

Gu Zhou’s frown deepened.

Lu Zhu and Lu Nian’s expressions darkened. They had never expected Jiang Yue to still push all the blame to Qiao Nian.

Lu Zhu narrowed his eyes and looked at Jiang Yue sharply. He had already decided in his heart that he would not let Jiang Yue enter the Gu family again.

Seeing Jiang Yue like this, Lu Nian somehow recalled Su Sheng from that night. Su Sheng had also accused Qiao Nian in such a dissatisfied manner, directly blaming Qiao Nian for everything.

Lu Nian knew very well that Su Sheng liked him, but Su Sheng didn’t like him being so close to Qiao Nian. She felt that Qiao Nian had snatched him away.

After Sugar was taken away, the servants in the house had already been changed. The remaining people were all loyal to the Lu family.

Moreover, there were only the few of them in the Buddhist hall just now.

Excluding everyone in the Lu family, only Gu Zhou, Qiao Nian, and Jiang Yue were left.

Lu Nian narrowed his eyes.

If he hadn’t acknowledged his sister, he would have suspected Qiao Nian immediately because Qiao Nian did have a motive to damage the urn.

But Qiao Nian was Sugar. How could she damage that urn?

Lu Nian’s gaze fell on Jiang Yue. The only possibility was that Jiang Yue had deliberately damaged the urn, wanting to frame Qiao Nian.

How exactly did Jiang Yue do it?

Just as Sugar had said, no matter what, he had to rely on evidence. He had to find evidence to prove Sugar’s innocence.

Lu Nian’s gaze involuntarily fell on Jiang Yue’s bag.

No wonder Sugar suspected Jiang Yue’s bag. Under such circumstances, if it were him, he would think the same.

“Oh…”

Qiao Nian looked at Jiang Yue meaningfully and walked towards her step by step.

Jiang Yue watched as Qiao Nian approached. She pursed her lips nervously and took a step back, wanting to distance herself from Qiao Nian.

While Jiang Yue wasn’t paying attention, Qiao Nian quickly stepped forward and snatched her bag away.

“My bag!” Jiang Yue exclaimed. She reached out to snatch her bag back, but Qiao Nian had already opened it and poured everything in it onto the ground.

Cosmetics and daily necessities fell to the ground in a scattered heap.

A faint floral scent wafted from the bag, spreading through the air. It was the scent of lilies.

Jiang Yue snatched her bag back and glared at Qiao Nian angrily. “Qiao Nian, you’ve really gone too far. How can you pour out all my things? You’re too rude!”

Ignoring Qiao Nian, Jiang Yue squatted down and was about to put everything back into her bag.

Qiao Nian glanced at the items on the ground. Apart from some common lipsticks, powder, accessories, and tissues, there was also a bottle of perfume.

Laboratories typically place sulfuric acid in brown glass bottles for easier storage.

Of the things on the ground, only the perfume bottle was a glass bottle.

Although the perfume bottle was transparent, sulfuric acid could also be put in, but it was not good for preservation. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

If Jiang Yue came here to destroy the blessing bag, she could just put the sulfuric acid into the perfume bottle.

After thinking through this, Qiao Nian subconsciously bent down to pick up the perfume.

However, before Qiao Nian’s hand could touch the perfume bottle, Jiang Yue held the perfume in her palm nervously. She looked at Qiao Nian with red-rimmed eyes and questioned, “Qiao Nian, are you done?!”

Qiao Nian’s expression was calm. Her gaze was fixed on the perfume bottle as she asked, “What exactly is inside?”

“You’re asking the obvious!”

Jiang Yue’s voice was no longer as calm as before. Instead, there was a hint of madness.

Qiao Nian looked up at Jiang Yue and realized that she was trembling. Her face was pale, without a trace of blood.