721 Hatred

Jiang Yue’s gaze finally landed on Qiao Nian’s face. Seeing Qiao Nian’s hypocritical expression, a strong chill instantly surged through her.

If it weren’t for Qiao Nian, she wouldn’t have become like this.

Qiao Nian was the culprit.

Suppressing the pain on her face, Jiang Yue enunciated each word clearly. “Qiao Nian, I’ve already prepared a unique gift for you. I’ve placed it in Song Yu’s room. I’m sure you’ll like it very much!”

When Song Yu heard Jiang Yue’s words, she blinked and frowned.

With that, Jiang Yue stumbled out.

Song Yu looked at Jiang Yue’s retreating back and felt a strong sense of fear. She couldn’t help but shiver and look at Lu Rao in fear. She was stunned.

In Song Yu’s opinion, Third Brother had always had the best temper and was the most approachable. She had never seen him lose his temper.

Song Yu was also very angry that Jiang Yue had destroyed the urn of the eldest daughter of the Lu family.

However, in her opinion, the urn was an inanimate object after all. Third Brother could just beat or torture Jiang Yue. However, she had never expected Third Brother to ruin Jiang Yue’s face.

Song Yu had a bad feeling. She had brought Jiang Yue home. Now that such a big thing had happened, she was also responsible.

While Song Yu was thinking, she suddenly sensed Third Brother’s gaze. She looked up and saw his displeased expression.

Song Yu’s heart trembled even more. Without waiting for Lu Rao to speak, she apologized. “I’m sorry. It’s all my fault!”

Lu Rao looked at Song Yu’s face with a complicated expression. After a while, he said, “Don’t you know who to apologize to?”

When Song Yu heard Lu Rao’s words, she nodded and walked towards the temple hall.

Everyone followed Song Yu towards the ancestral hall.

At this moment, the smell of sulfuric acid was no longer present in the temple hall.

Song Yu walked to the memorial tablet of the eldest daughter of the Lu family and knelt on the ground with a plop. She kowtowed to the eldest daughter of the Lu family solemnly.

This kowtow was very honest. Everyone could hear Song Yu kowtowing.

After kowtowing, she knelt down.

Song Yu’s forehead had been broken, and blood was flowing down. Her beautiful almond-shaped eyes were filled with guilt and apology. Tears streamed down her face, and she looked like she was blaming herself.

Seeing Song Yu like this, Matriarch Lu’s heart ached.

This time, it was all Jiang Yue’s fault. If Jiang Yue hadn’t deliberately set Qiao Nian up to be framed, Jiang Yue wouldn’t have placed the concentrated sulfuric acid on her eldest granddaughter’s urn.

Although she was very angry with Jiang Yue, Jiang Yue was still Matriarch Gu’s god-granddaughter after all. The Gu family and the Lu family were very close. It was normal for Song Yu to bring Jiang Yu home when Jiang Yu came to look for her.

Suppressing her tears, Song Yu stood up and picked up an incense stick. After lighting it, she kowtowed to the eldest daughter of the Lu family again. There was a trace of tears in her voice. “Sister, it’s all my fault for causing your urn to be damaged. I hope Sister can forgive my mistake!”

Lu Rao glanced at Song Yu. He also knew that this matter had nothing to do with Song Yu. Seeing that Song Yu was admitting her mistake sincerely, he couldn’t bear to blame her. He said, “This has nothing to do with you. Get up. You have to be careful when making friends, especially with the people you bring home. You have to investigate them in many ways.”

Song Yu turned to look at Lu Rao. “Yes, I understand, Third Brother.”

Song Yu then kowtowed three more times to the memorial tablet of the eldest daughter of the Lu family before standing up and inserting the incense in her hand into the incense burner.

Song Yu lowered her head slightly and walked to the side with a sad expression.

Matriarch Lu walked up to Song Yu and took her hand. She gently patted the back of her hand and said, “Good child, I know you’re not to blame for this!”

Song Yu shook her head gently and said, “In the end, I was in the wrong. If I hadn’t brought Jiang Yue over, none of this would have happened!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“You’re just willing to take responsibility for everything. You’ll suffer!” Matriarch Lu said gently to Song Yu. She thought to herself that perhaps it was because of Song Yu’s personality that she couldn’t help but feel sorry for her.