Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

726 The Table Storm

In Lu Nian’s opinion, it was Qiao Nian who had helped Sugar repair the urn. Lu Nian was grateful to Qiao Nian, which was why he was sitting beside her.

During the meal, Gu Zhou picked up a piece of pork rib for Qiao Nian. Seeing Gu Zhou’s actions, a smile flashed in Lu Nian’s eyes.

Second Brother usually did not get close to women, and he did not allow any woman to approach him.

However, looking at the way Second Brother looked at Qiao Nian and his attitude towards her, Lu Nian was certain that Second Brother had fallen for Qiao Nian.

Sigh.

The sister he had just found was already his wife.

Every time he thought of this, Lu Nian felt very sad. If he had gone to look for his sister earlier, he might have reunited with her long ago.

As Lu Nian thought about this, he saw that Qiao Nian had been eating broccoli. He picked up a piece and placed it in Qiao Nian’s bowl.

Not far away, Song Yu had been secretly paying attention to Lu Nian. When she saw Lu Nian picking up food for Qiao Nian, she couldn’t help but tremble when she held her chopsticks. Soon, she regained her composure.

Song Yu had never expected Jiang Yue’s words to be true.

She thought that Jiang Yue wanted to use her feelings for Lu Nian to make her attack Qiao Nian.

She said that Qiao Nian and Lu Nian were on good terms.

At that time, she felt that even if Qiao Nian liked Lu Nian, it didn’t mean anything. After all, Second Brother didn’t like Qiao Nian.

But now, Song Yu felt that she had been wrong.

Song Yu tried her best to remain rational. As a bystander, she was now very certain that Gu Zhou and Lu Nian had extraordinary feelings for Qiao Nian.

What magic did Qiao Nian have to make so many people like her?

Song Yu lowered her gaze and ate silently, trying her best to ignore what she had just seen.

She knew very well now that if she attacked Qiao Nian like Jiang Yue, she might end up like Jiang Yue.

Lu Zhu, who was sitting not far away, had a cold expression. If only he could sit beside Sugar, he could pick up more of Sugar’s favorite dishes.

But now, such a good chance had been snatched away by Lu Nian.

If he had known, he wouldn’t have let Lu Nian and Sugar reunite.

That way, he could do such intimate things to Sugar without restraint.

Seeing Lu Nian’s attitude towards Qiao Nian, Matriarch Lu frowned slightly.

She was old, but she was not muddle-headed.

Second Brother had a cold personality and had never taken outsiders seriously.

Song Yu had lived in the Lu family for so many years, but her second son had never been so close to her.

Thinking of intimacy, Matriarch Lu glanced at Lu Qi again. Lu Qi and Lu Nian were quite close, and Lu Qi was Lu Nian’s biological sister.

Even so, Lu Nian had never been so intimate with Lu Qi. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Could it be that Lu Nian liked Nian Nian?

When she realized this, Matriarch Lu couldn’t help but frown.

She knew Qiao Nian’s identity very well. If she remembered correctly, Lu Nian should also know Qiao Nian’s identity.

Was it really okay for Lu Nian to do this?

Wouldn’t Gu Zhou be angry?

Matriarch Lu’s gaze fell on Gu Zhou’s face again. Seeing how calm Gu Zhou was, and how he was still calmly picking up food for Qiao Nian, Matriarch Lu was stunned.

Didn’t Gu Zhou care about what Lu Nian had done?

No, no.

Matriarch Lu suddenly recalled that Gu Zhou and Lu Nian had grown up together. The two of them were especially close.

Could it be that Lu Nian felt that someone in the Lu family looked down on Nian Nian, so he was helping Gu Zhou take care of her?

After thinking through the key points, Matriarch Lu heaved a sigh of relief. Smiling, she instructed everyone to eat more.

After the meal, Qiao Nian was about to leave, but she recalled Jiang Yue’s words. She looked at Matriarch Lu and asked carefully, “Matriarch Lu and Miss Song, before Jiang Yue left, she said that she would leave something for me. Can I take a look?”

With that, Qiao Nian looked at Song Yu.

At the mention of Jiang Yue, Song Yu’s expression darkened. She had never expected Jiang Yue to take advantage of the relationship between them.

Seeing Matriarch Lu looking at her, Song Yu nodded.