729 Recognizing Her Family

“We’ll look at it when we get home,” Qiao Nian said. She had been in the Lu family for too long today. She looked up at Lu Rao. “Ah Rao, it’s getting late. We have to go back!”

When Lu Rao heard Qiao Nian’s words, he recalled how Qiao Nian had sweetly called Lu Zhu First Brother and Lu Nian Second Brother. He felt a little envious, so he said, “You should call me Third Brother!”

When Song Yu heard Lu Rao’s words, her heart jumped to her throat. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Song Yu felt that Qiao Nian was a little strange. Her three brothers seemed to treat Qiao Nian very well.

She felt that there must be more to it.

When Qiao Nian heard Lu Rao’s words, she was slightly stunned. Then, a bright smile bloomed on her face. “Third Brother!”

When Qiao Nian called him “Third Brother”, Lu Rao’s heart warmed. In a daze, he seemed to have heard someone call him that before.

This call was too familiar.

However, it made him a little dizzy.

Gu Zhou looked at Lu Rao, his dark eyes darkening. His thin lips pursed slightly as he asked, “Ah Rao, are you preparing to acknowledge Qiao Nian as your sister?”

Lu Rao had never liked to get married or recognize new family members.

When Lu Rao heard Gu Zhou’s words, he raised his eyebrows slightly and said, “Fortunately, you reminded me. This isn’t a bad idea. I’ll prepare a serious ceremony to acknowledge my family later!”

Seeing that Gu Zhou’s expression was not good, Lu Rao teased him with interest, “You seem to be very concerned about my relationship with Nian Nian!”

When Gu Zhou heard the words Nian Nian, he found them vaguely familiar.

However, Gu Zhou was not interested in what had flashed across his mind. Instead, he noticed once again that Lu Rao had addressed Qiao Nian differently.

Gu Zhou’s lips curved up slightly. Instead of answering Lu Rao’s question immediately, he said, “Thank you for helping me protect her for a day back then!”

Gu Zhou’s voice was as low and hoarse as ever. There was no emotion in it.

However, Lu Rao could tell that Gu Zhou was reminding him.

Gu Zhou’s woman was Qiao Nian. No one was allowed to touch her.

It seemed that he was right.

Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian’s relationship was a little ambiguous. Could it be that Gu Zhou had fallen for Qiao Nian?

At the thought of this, Lu Rao recalled that his brother had forbidden him from getting close to Qiao Nian.

Perhaps at that time, Big Brother had already known about the relationship between Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian. He was worried that he would cause a conflict between the Gu and Lu families because of Qiao Nian.

Song Yu stood at the side. She glanced at Gu Zhou, then at Lu Rao. She had guessed correctly. Gu Zhou was interested in Qiao Nian.

In that case, she would wish Gu Zhou a happy marriage with Qiao Nian as soon as possible. That way, Second Brother would be hers.

Song Yu loved the feeling of sitting back and reaping the benefits.

Qiao Nian stood rooted to the ground, realizing that the atmosphere between Gu Zhou and Lu Rao was a little tense.

Her gaze fell on Lu Rao’s face and she said, “Third Brother, it’s getting late. We should leave. I’ll treat you to a meal next time.”

Lu Rao retracted his gaze from Gu Zhou’s face. When he looked at Qiao Nian, his eyes were filled with gentleness. He nodded and agreed. “Alright, we’ll meet again!”

Qiao Nian smiled and nodded, then followed Gu Zhou out.

Lu Rao watched as Gu Zhou and Qiao Nian left. When the two of them stood side by side, they looked inexplicably compatible.

This was the first time she had seen Gu Zhou so concerned about a woman.

Song Yu stood at the side and said with a smile, “Miss Qiao is really beautiful and kind.”

When Lu Rao heard Song Yu’s words, he agreed very much in his heart, but he didn’t show it on his face. He turned to look at Song Yu and said, “Get someone to clean the things in your room carefully later. If you don’t like them anymore, get someone to change them!”

Song Yu was slightly stunned.

“If there’s an antique ornament and you feel disgusted, you can throw it away.” Lu Rao turned around and glanced at the things in Song Yu’s room. He frowned. He felt very disgusted that Jiang Yue had touched something here.

With that, Lu Rao left. In any case, the Lu family did not lack antiques.