Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

734 Heart-to-heart

Qiao Nian really hoped to be able to acknowledge her grandmother now.

However, she did not dare to acknowledge her grandmother. There were still no clues about what had happened more than twenty years ago. She, Big Brother, and Second Brother were both investigating this matter. She did not know when they would be able to find out.

Actually, that didn’t matter. What worried her the most was whether Grandma would survive until the day she got home.

If Grandma was really not feeling well and if she was in danger, she had to return to the Lu family. As the granddaughter of the Lu family, she had to be filial to Grandma.

Qiao Nian sighed heavily. She took out her phone and sent Qin Chuan a message.

“Help me investigate the death of the eldest daughter of the Lu family twenty years ago. The clearer the details, the better. If there are surveillance cameras, that would be great!”

Qin Chuan replied to Qiao Nian’s message very quickly. “Why did you suddenly think of investigating her? Isn’t this matter more than twenty years ago?”

Qiao Nian lowered her gaze slightly, her expression serious.

She had a good relationship with Qin Chuan. Logically speaking, she should have told Qin Chuan her identity. However, the murder of the eldest daughter of the Lu family was involved, so she lied.

“Someone paid me a lot of money to investigate this matter. The sooner, the better.”

“Okay.”

Seeing that Qin Chuan had agreed, Qiao Nian heaved a sigh of relief. She turned off her phone and was about to take a nap when Gu Zhou’s voice came from the side.

“Qiao Nian.”

Qiao Nian turned to look at Gu Zhou and asked, “What’s wrong?”

“Don’t you think the attitudes of the three brothers of the Lu family towards you are a little strange?”

A trace of surprise flashed in Qiao Nian’s eyes, but she quickly regained her composure.

This time, Gu Zhou must have observed Second Brother Gao and Third Brother’s attitudes towards her in the Lu family. That was why he was puzzled.

Qiao Nian turned to look at Gu Zhou and said seriously, “I think you might have misunderstood. They treat everyone like this, and…”

“The way you look at them is also different!” Gu Zhou interrupted Qiao Nian mercilessly. At this moment, it was a red light. Gu Zhou stopped the car and turned to look at Qiao Nian. He continued, “Your gaze has also exposed you a lot.”

Qiao Nian was stunned.

She felt that she had hidden it quite well.

However, she had never expected Gu Zhou to see through her.

Was her acting that bad?

With this thought in mind, Qiao Nian lowered her gaze slightly and continued, “Are you trying to say that I’m two-timing?”

“No.” Gu Zhou paused. His voice was low and hoarse as he enunciated each word clearly. “Of course you’re not that kind of person!”

For a moment, Qiao Nian didn’t know what to say. She hadn’t expected Gu Zhou to trust her so much.

Moreover, Gu Zhou had even helped her clear her name.

This was the first time Qiao Nian had encountered such a situation.

At this moment, the light turned green. Gu Zhou started driving again.

Qiao Nian’s heart was in a mess. She was thinking about how to organize her words to muddle through this matter when she heard Gu Zhou’s analysis.

“I don’t dare to say about the others, but Ah Nian and I grew up together since we were young. We’re as close as brothers. I’m closer to him than to my brother. He treats me the same way. I believe he’s definitely not the kind of person to steal from a brother!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Gu Zhou looked straight ahead.

Qiao Nian looked at Gu Zhou in surprise. She had never expected Gu Zhou to trust Second Brother so much.

Qiao Nian recalled something else. The first time she had seen Second Brother, Gu Zhou had introduced him to her. He had even told her that Second Brother was Mr. Dong Hua.

At that time, Second Brother had even personally composed a song for Matriarch Gu.

From everyone’s conversation, she knew that Second Brother had grown up in the Gu family.

At this moment, Gu Zhou continued in an unquestionable tone, “No matter who my wife is, Ah Nian will always respect her. However, the way Ah Nian looks at you is not respect, but love.”

Qiao Nian’s heart was beating faster and faster. She could feel her heart in her throat.

She had never expected Gu Zhou to be so observant.