895 Investigating Song Man

Qiao Nian’s frown deepened. She pursed her lips tightly.

Song Man had been living in the slums of Hai Cheng for the past five years. Logically speaking, it was impossible for Song Man and Qiao Xin to know each other.

It was definitely not a good thing that the two of them were in contact now.

If she wasn’t wrong, the two of them should be working together to deal with her.

Although Song Man was no longer around, Qiao Xin was still alive. Qiao Xin would never let the matter rest.

Qiao Nian replied.

“Continue to crack Song Man’s phone and send me all the content on her phone, especially her messages with Qiao Xin. Have you found out when Song Man did the bone marrow transplant? Also, when did she lose her arm?”

Sixth Brother said, “I’ll send you all the data on Song Man’s phone after I crack it. We haven’t found out about Song Man’s bone marrow transplant yet. It’ll probably take some time. We’ll have to investigate her arm slowly.”

Qiao Nian’s frown deepened.

If Song Man knew who the biological mother of the two children was, did that mean that she knew very well what had happened five years ago?

Previously, Gu Zhou had also been investigating the mothers of the two children, but there was no news of her.

At that time, Gu Zhou had even said that someone had been interfering with his investigation of the child’s mother.

At that time, she was still puzzled. The Gu family was so powerful. How did the other party hide from the Gu family?

Now, it seemed that the other party was not a pushover either. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Qiao Nian opened the zip file Sixth Brother had sent her. She clicked on it, and another phone appeared in the middle of the phone screen. That was Song Man’s phone data.

Qiao Nian’s first reaction was to open the chat history, because many things could be displayed in the chat history.

The content of Song Man’s chat app was too simple. She had communicated with a total of six people.

She only had thirteen friends.

Qiao Nian casually opened a chat history and realized that it was a message from Song Man and an uncle selling buns. The general content was that Song Man had already agreed with the uncle on the number of buns to buy. Song Man had also transferred the money over. When the time came, she would just go get the buns.

From this, it could be seen that Song Man and Xiao Shi were very poor in Hai Cheng.

However, this also indirectly meant that Song Man was a ruthless person. In order to enter the Gu family, she had lived such a poor life in Hai Cheng for five years.

She looked at another message. It seemed to be from an auntie. She was roughly discussing the price of washing clothes with Song Man.

Qiao Nian took a closer look at the conversation and realized that when Song Man was in Hai Cheng, she must have been making money by washing clothes for others.

Suddenly, Song Man’s fair hands and her calloused hands flashed across Qiao Nian’s mind.

Could it be that Song Man had give the job to Xiao Shi?

Xiao Shi was washing clothes and earning money in Hai Cheng?

Qiao Nian clenched her fists involuntarily.

No wonder she realized that her hands were very rough when she looked at Xiao Shi. So this was how Song Man took care of Xiao Shi!

If Song Man was still alive, she wanted to go over and slap her a few times.

Qiao Nian couldn’t bear to read this chat anymore. She continued to scroll through the other content. The next two lines were some unimportant content. It seemed to have been sent by Song Man’s neighbor. They were all chatting about daily life.

When Qiao Nian saw the last message, her expression darkened, and she exuded a cold aura.

If she wasn’t wrong, the person Song Man was chatting with should be a doctor. Song Man seemed to be asking that doctor about taking sleeping pills.

She glanced at the time. It was around ten in the morning. At that time, she had come with Gu Zhou once.

At that time, Gu Zhou left without paying Song Man much attention.

It seemed that Song Man wanted to stay in the Gu family and was worried that Xiao Shi would cause trouble, so she wanted to give Xiao Shi sleeping pills to let her sleep more.

However, Xiao Shi took it too hard and ate more than half a bottle of sleeping pills.

When she realized this, Qiao Nian couldn’t help but sigh. Xiao Shi was really a silly child.

Adult matters had nothing to do with children.

Why should Xiao Shi stubbornly blame herself for all of this?

Could it be that when she was in Hai Cheng, she had suffered so much that she was already used to putting all the blame on herself?