Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

952 Deep Father-Daughter Relationship!

Qiao Xin’s heart was already in turmoil. She didn’t believe that Gu Zhou wouldn’t be angry because of Qiao Nian’s previous relationship with an old man.

She did not get an answer from Gu Zhou. Looking at his angry face, her lips curved up imperceptibly. It seemed that Gu Zhou was already angry. The rest would be easy to handle.

Qiao Xin sighed slightly and said, “Back then, Sister wanted that 100,000 yuan to buy limited edition sneakers for the person she had a crush on. At that time, she wanted to borrow money from me, but I didn’t have much money. I never expected Sister to make…”

Alright, there was no need for her to say the rest. She believed that Gu Zhou had already imagined the rest.

!!

Gu Zhou sneered and asked, “Really?”

Qiao Xin was secretly overjoyed. Gu Zhou really believed her!

Then the rest would be easy!

She looked up at Gu Zhou and nodded seriously. “Yes.”

“Six years ago, you schemed against her and made her drink the drink you had drugged. You even deliberately sent her to another man’s room.” Gu Zhou paused and asked, “Are you sure she took the initiative?”

The blood drained from Qiao Xin’s face. She asked involuntarily, “How did you know?”

After asking, Qiao Xin felt that she had asked a very silly question.

Gu Zhou must have found out about what happened six years ago.

Gu Zhou actually didn’t care about being made a cuckold.

“As the person involved, how can I not know?” Gu Zhou said casually. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Qiao Xin’s eyes widened in disbelief.

How was this possible?

She had clearly found an old man that night. That old man had even asked her for money after the incident. How did it suddenly become Gu Zhou?

How could Qiao Nian be so lucky?

A b*tch like Qiao Nian should be with an old man.

Qiao Nian was pretending to be very beautiful, but in reality, she was very dirty. When she saw Qiao Nian, it was as if she had seen something dirty. She felt so disgusted that she wanted to throw up.

Qiao Xin couldn’t understand. Someone actually liked such a dirty person like Qiao Nian, and that person was Gu Zhou!

How was this fair?!

She was so outstanding. She had been a good child since she was young. Why didn’t Gu Zhou like her?

Suppressing the mess in her mind, Qiao Xin looked up at Gu Zhou.

If the person who had spent that night with Gu Zhou was Gu Zhou, wouldn’t she be slandering Qiao Nian in front of Gu Zhou again?

At this moment, Gu Zhou was looking at her sinisterly. Qiao Xin couldn’t help but shiver. She had a bad feeling about this.

Seeing that Qiao Xin still knew how to run up to him to protect him, Qiao Shan was slightly touched.

No matter what, Qiao Xin was still his daughter. As a parent, how could he not care about his daughter’s safety?

Qiao Shan panted heavily, trying hard to ignore the pain in his leg and his impending death. He said, “Qiao Xin, go to the side. Dad will be fine!”

When Qiao Xin heard Qiao Shan’s voice, her tears fell. She turned back to look at Qiao Shan, her eyes filled with worry and guilt.

She was unfilial. She had caused her father to lose a leg.

No!

She didn’t do it!

If it weren’t for Qiao Nian, why would Gu Zhou cause trouble for them?

It was all Qiao Nian’s fault!

She had to make Qiao Nian pay with her life in the future.

Qiao Xin also knew that she couldn’t face Gu Zhou directly now. Silently, she moved to the side.

In any case, one of her father’s legs was crippled. No matter what Gu Zhou did, she would let her father bear it first. In the future, she would be filial to her father!

“You two sure have a deep father-daughter relationship. I wonder how outsiders think of Qiao Xin when they find out that Qiao Xin broke her biological father’s leg with a stick.” Gu Zhou’s eyes were cold as he said casually, “Qiao Shan, I’m curious if you’ll always protect Qiao Xin!”

Qiao Shan had wanted to help Qiao Xin withstand Gu Zhou’s anger. When he heard Gu Zhou’s words, his face instantly turned pale. The pain from Qiao Xin hitting his leg instantly surged.

That pain seemed to be a thousand times worse than physical pain.

Qiao Xin looked at Qiao Shan, who looked as if he had been struck by lightning. She knew that she had gone too far just now, but after weighing the pros and cons, she decided that what she had done back then was the best for the Qiao family.