Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

953 Qiao Xin Killed Her Father

“Dad!” Qiao Xin cried, looking at Qiao Shan worriedly. “Dad, I’m sorry, I’m sorry. It’s all my fault. I couldn’t protect you well!”

“Today’s trending topic should be Qiao Xin killing her father!” Gu Zhou said the most vicious words in a relaxed manner.

Those words hit Qiao Shan’s heart, which was pretending to be calm. Qiao Shan’s face turned pale, and he couldn’t help but faint.

Qiao Shan fainted from anger.

!!

Seeing Qiao Shan like this, Qiao Xin pounced on him sadly. Seeing that there was more and more blood on the ground beside Qiao Shan’s leg, her mind went blank.

Could Dad be dead?

No, no!

Qiao Xin recalled how Qiao Shan had carried her to the amusement park when she was young. She recalled how Qiao Shan would always put her favorite dishes into her bowl. She also recalled how Qiao Shan had asked her to sit on his shoulders and watch a concert.

Later on, when she went to school, Qiao Shan was concerned about how she was doing in school every day. He was concerned if she would be bullied. He would even give her money to buy things she liked and teach her about the business world.

She had always felt that she was more outstanding than other girls her age because her father had brought her around to see the world. Other girls did not receive such treatment at all.

Her most respected father was now lying on the ground because of her. She was really unfilial.

“Dad, I’m sorry. Dad, wake up!” Tears streamed down Qiao Xin’s face as she threw herself into Qiao Shan’s arms. She regretted her choice just now. She shouldn’t have made her father suffer so much.

Gu Zhou glanced at Qiao Shan’s leg and realized that it was almost crippled. He said, “Get a doctor over. Don’t let him die!”

Only then did Qiao Xin realize that she still didn’t know if Qiao Shan was dead or alive. Trembling, she placed her finger under Qiao Shan’s nose. Sensing that Qiao Shan was still breathing weakly, she heaved a sigh of relief.

Qiao Xin’s eyes burned with anger. At this moment, she had already forgotten Gu Zhou’s identity. She only knew that Gu Zhou was the person who had harmed her father.

Her kinship with her father had already overcome her fear of Gu Zhou. She gritted her teeth and said, “I’m going to call the police. I’m going to sue you. You’re committing the crime of intentional injury. You’re bullying my father!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

When Gu Zhou heard Qiao Xin’s words, he said nonchalantly, “Go ahead and sue me. I wonder how many years you’ll get for getting someone to rape a young girl!”

When Qiao Xin heard Gu Zhou’s words, her lips turned pale. She couldn’t help but tremble.

Only then did she remember who Gu Zhou was.

In An City, the Gu family was a royal family.

Gu Zhou was like the high and mighty emperor. No one could compare to him.

Chen Qing stood at the side and said calmly, “Miss Qiao, you were the one who hit your father’s leg first. I was just trying to stop the fight and accidentally injured your father’s leg. I’ll go find a doctor now and help treat your father’s leg. My attitude is very upright. As for the medical fees, I think Miss Qiao will pay the bulk, and I’ll pay a small portion!”

Qiao Xin’s eyes widened. She had never expected this to happen to her.

“You… you’ve gone too far!” Qiao Xin had never seen anyone so brazen. They were clearly the ones who had forced her to hit her father’s leg, yet they could still bite her again.

Only then did Qiao Xin realize that Gu Zhou had come prepared. Moreover, he had already thought of a way to escape unscathed.

With just a few casual words from Gu Zhou, her father might become disabled.

Gu Zhou knew that she would not call the police. If she did, the news of her getting someone to rape her sistwe six years ago and her getting someone to gang-rape her sister last night would be reported.

“Are… are you forcing us to our deaths?” Qiao Xin glared at Gu Zhou with red-rimmed eyes, gritting her teeth.

Gu Zhou turned to look at Qiao Xin, his eyes as cold as ice. He quickly looked away, as if he despised Qiao Xin’s filth. “If that’s what you think, fine. When do you plan to die?”

Qiao Xin was speechless.

Gu Zhou glanced at Qiao Shan’s leg and said to Chen Qing, “Check it. If it’s not broken, he doesn’t need a leg anymore.”

“Yes!” Chen Qing said.

Gu Zhou turned around and walked out.