Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

961 Why Didn’t You Say It?

Qiao Nian had never expected Boss Li’s shop to be able to reopen because of her.

When Gu Zhou drove here, she had thought that it was already very considerate of him to remember that she liked to eat this restaurant’s spicy duck neck. She had never expected Gu Zhou to do so much just so that she could eat it. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Qiao Nian’s heart began to race uncontrollably, as if it would jump out of her mouth the next moment.

When she came to buy the spicy duck neck just now, she had already realized that something was wrong. She was about to ask clearly, but Gu Zhou didn’t seem to want Boss Li to tell her.

He had clearly done a good deed. Why didn’t he say so?

Apart from being touched, Qiao Nian was also puzzled. She composed herself and asked, “When did this happen?”

Boss Li pondered for a moment before saying, “My wife was preparing for her second chemotherapy five months ago. At that time, our family didn’t have any money, so I was preparing to sell the shop. I remember very clearly that Mr. Gu didn’t look well that day, but he seemed to be in a good mood.”

Five months ago.

Qiao Nian lowered her gaze slightly. Suddenly, her expression changed. If she remembered correctly, five months ago was when she and Gu Zhou had returned from MY.

Gu Zhou had been injured in MY and did not look well.

After he returned from MY, he didn’t even rest at home properly. He was actually still thinking about how she liked to eat spicy duck neck.

It would be a lie to say that she wasn’t touched.

Qiao Nian’s heart warmed. She felt as if she was being doted on.

She was suddenly very curious about the exact situation that day. She couldn’t help but ask, “It’s been so long. How can you still remember these things?”

When Boss Li heard Qiao Nian’s words, his face was filled with a happy smile. He explained, “What happened that day is really fresh in my mind. More importantly, Mr. Gu’s expression didn’t look good. But when he mentioned Mrs. Gu, his eyes were filled with gentleness, and he couldn’t help but smile. Only when someone really liked someone would he have such an attitude. The difference between his appearance and his heart is especially great, so I can remember it very clearly.”

At this point, Boss Li continued, “Mrs. Gu, there might be many couples in this world, but most of them just live together. They’re partners. When men mention their women, they always look calm or disgusted.”

“But Mr. Gu isn’t like that. When a man mentions his wife, and his eyes are filled with gentleness, it means that he likes her from the bottom of his heart. After all, a person’s gaze will never lie.” Boss Li smiled and said, “Mrs. Gu, I can tell that you care a lot about Mr. Gu too. You two are really an enviable couple. After all, there aren’t many people in this world who truly like each other.”

They were in love.

When Qiao Nian heard these words, her eyes turned a little red, and her nose felt a little sore.

There were too few people who liked each other. Why should she punish herself with other people’s mistakes?

It seemed that Gu Zhou liked her for a long time. However, he had always been reserved and did not express it.

Or perhaps he had already fallen for her when she was six years old.

Otherwise, how could Gu Chuan have used all his strength to look for her?

Qiao Nian retracted her thoughts and smiled at Boss Li. “Thank you, Boss Li. I’ll leave first!”

Boss Li smiled and waved at Qiao Nian. He smiled awkwardly and said, “Mrs. Gu, you’re too polite. I hope you can pretend not to know about this. After all, I couldn’t hold back!”

Qiao Nian nodded. “Yes, I won’t tell him!”

Boss Li pointed inside and said, “Alright, I’ll get back to work!”

“Yes, I hope the lady boss can recover soon!” Qiao Nian said with a smile.

“Thank you!”

Qiao Nian came out of Boss Li’s shop. Thinking of the smile on Boss Li’s face, she realized that he was really very happy.

She recalled the love between Boss Li and the lady boss. She was envious of that kind of immortal love.

Qiao Nian wasn’t a positive person. In the past, she had felt that she was unlucky and didn’t deserve happiness, because she was a child who hadn’t been liked by her parents since she was young.