Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

962 Love

Qiao Nian lowered her head and walked towards Gu Zhou’s car.

Her mind was filled with what Boss Li had just said to her. What Boss Li had said about “being in love” tempted her.

She was very happy now. She had found her family. She never thought that the children who had passed away were still alive, and she even found the person who was willing to flatten the Jiang Chi Manor for her.

She was not that touched that Gu Zhou had gone against Jiang Chi for her.

But today, she found out that Gu Zhou had helped Boss Li solve his problem and opened a shop for him. For some reason, she was touched. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Perhaps what she had always wanted the most was this kind of plain love.

The spicy duck neck was really cheap.

It was such a small matter, but he had always remembered it in his heart. From another perspective, perhaps Gu Zhou would remember everything about her clearly.

Qiao Nian’s expression was a little complicated. Previously, she had been a little unwilling to accept Gu Zhou, but now she hesitated.

They were in love.

Actually, the two of them were now in love.

The only thing that made her hesitate was the mistake someone else had made.

Qiao Nian’s thoughts were in a mess. She opened the car door and got into the car. When she saw Gu Zhou holding a spoon and slowly eating more than half of the porridge she had already eaten, she was stunned.

Previously, she had thought that Gu Zhou was just joking when he said that he wanted to share a bowl of porridge with her. She didn’t expect Gu Zhou to really eat it.

With this thought in mind, she asked, “You… you really want to share a bowl of porridge with me?”

She really wanted to say, “Are you really that poor? Must you share a bowl of porridge with me?”

However, after she found out about Boss Li, she felt that it wasn’t that Gu Zhou couldn’t bear to waste money.

Seeing that Qiao Nian had returned, Gu Zhou stuck out his tongue and licked his lips seductively. There was a smile in his eyes. “I like sharing porridge. It tastes better!”

At first, Qiao Nian didn’t understand what he meant, but when she met Gu Zhou’s smiling eyes, she gradually understood.

This man was really a refined scum.

Hooligan!

She wanted porridge, and he wanted to kiss her indirectly.

Seeing Qiao Nian sit down, Gu Zhou held the porridge in his left hand and handed Qiao Nian the heat pack on his knee with his right.

Qiao Nian took the heat pack in a daze. Puzzled, she asked, “This is…”

“You said that your stomach wasn’t feeling well. I heard that if you put this on, it won’t hurt anymore,” Gu Zhou said seriously.

Only then did Qiao Nian realize that in order to look for Boss Li, she had deliberately pretended to have a stomachache.

However, she had not expected Gu Zhou to specially search the relevant information and buy her a heat pack.

She said guiltily, “Yes, I’ll put it on now.”

Even if her stomach didn’t hurt, there was nothing wrong with putting on a heat pack.

Qiao Nian had just pasted the heat pack when Gu Zhou handed the spicy duck neck to her and asked, “Don’t you like to eat this? Here!”

She met Gu Zhou’s smiling eyes and had a strange feeling in her heart. Her ears turned slightly red as she shook her head and said, “This smell is too strong. Let’s eat somewhere else later. Otherwise, your car will be filled with the smell of spicy duck neck.”

Gu Zhou’s gaze fell on Qiao Nian’s lips. His eyes gradually darkened, and his lips curved up slightly. “It’s okay, I don’t mind!”

Qiao Nian didn’t mind Gu Zhou’s gaze. To be honest, she had wanted to eat duck neck for a long time. At that time, she had just bought it and she couldn’t help but drool.

She raised her eyebrows slightly and smiled at Gu Zhou. “Alright, then don’t blame me for the car being smelly!”

With that, Qiao Nian lowered her head and opened the small box of spicy duck neck.

“Yes, I won’t.” Seeing how happy Qiao Nian was, Gu Zhou couldn’t help but smile. He continued, “Moreover, I really want to try the spicy duck neck.”

“Yes, sure. I’ve told you before that spicy duck neck is really delicious. You didn’t believe me in the past, but do you believe me now?” As Qiao Nian spoke, she opened the box. In an instant, the spicy fragrance filled the entire car. She hurriedly picked up a duck neck with her chopsticks. “I’ll eat the first one first.”

When she put the duck neck into her mouth, the spicy fragrance stimulated her taste buds, making her unable to stop herself.