Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

977 Uneasiness

Qiao Nian’s mouth was really dry. She turned around and said, “Alright, I’m still busy. I’ll leave first!”

With that, she immediately walked out. When she reached the door, she changed into high heels.

Qiao Nian walked out in her high heels. After taking a few steps, her legs began to tremble. She took a deep breath and tried hard to remain calm. She opened the door and walked out of the room.

When she came out of the room, Qiao Nian still couldn’t believe that she was with Gu Zhou in the room she was most afraid of.

She looked at the room number with a complicated expression and gradually retracted her gaze.

She had actually been with Gu Zhou in this room that had given her countless nightmares.

The first time they had sex here was because they had all been schemed against.

This time, it was a perfect combination of their souls and bodies.

At the thought of what had happened tonight, her ears turned red again.

Qiao Nian’s heart skipped a beat, and her lips curved up uncontrollably. Although her legs were a little sore and her waist hurt, she was in an exceptionally good mood.

This place was very close to Lu Qi’s school. She wondered if she could meet Lu Qi. She might even be able to find out what other gifts she wanted.

With this thought in mind, Qiao Nian drove straight to Lu Qi’s school.

… .

At the thought that he could easily get three million yuan and have beauties accompany him, He Cheng felt like a winner!

He Cheng had long wanted to go over and strike up a conversation with Lu Qi, but the fewer people who saw what he did, the better. At this moment, people were coming and going at the school gate, and many people he knew greeted Lu Qi.

“Lu Qi, have you seen the news?” A girl with a high ponytail asked with a smile when she passed by Lu Qi.

Lu Qi was reading the book in her hand. When she heard the girl’s question, she asked in confusion, “What news?”

“Teacher Wu has arranged some more homework. She even said that we would have to hand it in early next week.” The girl with the high ponytail walked to Lu Qi’s side and showed her the group messages in the class chat.

When Lu Qi saw the message, she smiled gently and said, “Oh my god, I wouldn’t have known if you hadn’t told me. Thank you. I have to go back to the dormitory to get my Advanced Mathematics book!”

Freshmen were all required to study advanced mathematics, but most medical students still focused on their professional classes.

Lu Qi was a medical student, so she did not notice that there was homework.

After Lu Qi said goodbye to her classmates, she turned around and ran into the school.

He Cheng was close. He had wanted to knock Lu Qi out and take her away while there was no one nearby.

Now he had a better idea.

He Cheng followed silently.

Lu Qi naturally didn’t know that someone was following her. After running back to the dormitory, she took her book and ran down again. Just as she walked out of the dormitory door, someone stopped her. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

He Cheng was wearing a suit and looked well-dressed. A bright smile appeared on his face as he said politely, “Hello, Miss Lu. I was sent by Fourth Master.”

When Lu Qi heard He Cheng’s words, a trace of confusion flashed in her eyes, but she quickly calmed down and said, “Did Fourth Brother ask you to come?”

Fourth Brother?

He Cheng was not a fool. The only person who could make Miss Lu call him Fourth Brother should be her biological brother.

He had investigated the Lu family before. In the past, he had heard that there were many descendants of the Lu family, but he had only found information about Lu Zhu. He had not found anything else.

Could Fourth Master be a member of the Lu family?

He Cheng smiled and said, “Fourth Master asked me to bring Miss Lu home!”

When Lu Qi heard He Cheng’s words, she frowned slightly and said, “Oh my, Fourth Brother is really something. I clearly didn’t want him to pick me up. Why did he still get someone to come?”

It was also a problem for her brothers to dote on her too much. She just wanted to go to school properly. They always doted on her too much.

She had stayed in school because she wanted to be independent. In the end, her brother still had to send someone to pick her up during the weekend.

He Cheng looked at the people coming and going and lowered his head even more. A trace of impatience flashed across his face, and he didn’t want others to see him.

However, when Lu Qi looked at He Cheng, he immediately gave a very friendly smile and said, “Alright, let’s go now!”

He Cheng led Lu Qi out.

Seeing He Cheng walking in front of her, a trace of confusion flashed in Lu Qi’s eyes.