Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

983 Acknowledgement

Lu Qi closed her eyes in despair. Tears slid down her face, and her heart ached so much that she found it difficult to breathe.

Qiao Nian looked at Lu Qi with heartache and asked softly, “Sometimes, don’t believe too much in so-called evidence. Sister is clearly in front of you now. Why do you still think she’s dead?”

Lu Qi’s eyelashes trembled, and there were still tears on them. She looked at Qiao Nian’s face carefully. Seeing that Qiao Nian wasn’t joking, she thought that Qiao Nian wanted her to acknowledge her as her sister. She said awkwardly, “Sister Qiao Nian, I know you want to be my sworn sister, but my grandmother won’t be willing. Moreover, I also think that if I acknowledge another sister, it will be a little cruel to my real sister…”

At this point, Lu Qi sniffled. She picked up a tissue and lowered her head to silently wipe her tears.

Now, whenever she thought of her sister, she wanted to cry. She couldn’t stop her tears.

“That’s not what I meant.” Qiao Nian shook her head and said seriously, “I don’t want to be sworn sisters with you either, because I’m your biological sister. We’re sisters with the same father and mother!”

Lu Qi was stunned. She felt as if she was hallucinating.

Everything around her no longer mattered. Lu Qi could hear her heart beating violently. She stared unblinkingly at Qiao Nian’s face. Although Qiao Nian’s eyes were very similar to Mommy’s, her biological sister was already dead. Could it be that Qiao Nian was a child of her parents when they were overseas?

This was impossible!

If Qiao Nian was also her parents’ child, why would she be wandering outside?

“Sister Qiao Nian, you don’t have to comfort me anymore. I’m already much better now.” Lu Qi lowered her gaze slightly and sighed. “When we get home, I’ll burn more money for Sister. I hope Sister can live a carefree life in Heaven.”

Qiao Nian was speechless.

She had already made it so clear. Why didn’t Lu Qi believe her? Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

His sister was too stubborn. What should he do?

Qiao Nian’s gaze fell on her sister’s face. She heaved a long sigh of relief and said seriously, “Lu Qi, I’m not comforting you. I’m indeed your sister who was kidnapped at the age of three. Due to some mistake, I was adopted by the Qiao family!”

As Qiao Nian spoke, she took out her phone and prepared to look for photos of her and Lu Zhu’s DNA. “When I was in MY, I was about to give my brother a blood transfusion. Later on, the nurse told me that I was related to my brother by blood, so I couldn’t give him a blood transfusion. It was at that time that my brother’s blood was identified. I still have the photos.”

Lu Qi was shocked. She looked at Qiao Nian in disbelief, her heart racing uncontrollably.

Oh my god!

Sister Qiao Nian was really her sister!

She still remembered the first time she saw Sister Qiao Nian. She always wanted to get close to her.

Last time, on her sister’s birthday, Sister Song Yu had even called Sister Qiao Nian Mommy. Later on, she realized that Sister Qiao Nian’s back was very similar to Mommy’s back. It was almost the perfect replica.

Mommy had said that Sister had a pair of beautiful fox-like eyes. When she grew up, she could charm all living beings!

Lu Qi covered her mouth with both hands. Although Sister Qiao Nian’s words were a little unbelievable, she really hoped that Sister Qiao Nian was her biological sister.

Qiao Nian found the DNA report and handed the phone to Lu Qi. With a calm expression, she said, “Previously, when I realized that I wasn’t a member of the Qiao family, I began to look for my parents. I think if the incident in MY hadn’t happened, I probably wouldn’t have known who my parents were for the rest of my life!

Lu Qi knew that Brother Lu Zhu had been injured in MY. She didn’t know that so many things had happened. As a medical student, she could naturally tell that this DNA report was real. She looked at Qiao Nian in shock.

Sister Qiao Nian was really her biological sister, the eldest daughter of the Lu family, Lu Nian.

“Sister…” Lu Qi murmured. “Sister…”

“Yes.” Qiao Nian smiled. Her beautiful fox-like eyes narrowed slightly. She no longer looked as cunning as she usually did, but more sweet.

Lu Qi looked at Qiao Nian. When Qiao Nian smiled, she looked 70 to 80% like Mrs. Lu. She rubbed her eyes hard, feeling that everything was too beautiful to be true.