Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

984 Am I Dreaming?

Lu Qi reached out and pinched herself, frowning in pain.

“Oh!” Lu Qi was now completely certain that she wasn’t dreaming. She put her phone aside and grabbed Qiao Nian’s hand, staring unblinkingly at her. “Sister, I’m not dreaming, am I?”

Seeing Lu Qi’s excitement, Qiao Nian smiled and nodded. “You’re not dreaming. I’m really still alive!”

Whether it was in school or on the birthday of the eldest daughter of the Lu family, Lu Qi had always stood by her side.

!!

Even though their relationship had been relatively ordinary in the past, when Lu Qi found out that she was the eldest daughter of the Lu family, Lu Nian, she immediately released all her love.

Lu Qi hugged Qiao Nian, her body trembling with excitement. Suddenly, she seemed to have thought of something and let go of Qiao Nian. She hurriedly took out her phone and said, “This won’t do. I have to tell my brothers this good news and make them happy.”

“Eldest Brother and Second Brother already know my identity,” Qiao Nian said with a smile.

Lu Qi nodded and said, “Alright, I’ll call Grandma, Third Brother, and Fourth Brother now. I’ll call Mom and Dad later. The two of them are unwilling to stay here because they blame themselves. We should let them be punished. We’ll tell them later!”

Qiao Nian looked at Lu Qi’s playful expression. She was very happy, but her heart ached a little. Her family had always thought that she was dead. They must have had a hard time all these years!

Lu Qi playfully took out the phone from the pile of books. In the end, she saw that the call was connected!

Only then did Lu Qi realize that she had been on the phone for more than half an hour. Only then did she remember that when she was at the school gate just now, she had realized that something was wrong with He Cheng. She had called Fourth Brother directly, hoping that he would come and save her.

Later on, she didn’t expect her sister to appear and save her, so she forgot that the phone call was still connected!

Oh, could Fourth Brother have listened to everything she said to her sister?

Lu Qi thought that she would save herself the trouble of calling Fourth Brother alone, so she turned on the speakerphone and said, “Fourth Brother, did you hear that? Sister is still alive and well. She’s by my side now! Are you happy?”

However, there was silence on the other end of the line.

A trace of confusion flashed in Qiao Nian’s eyes.

Could Fourth Brother be mute and not know how to speak?

That wasn’t right. If Fourth Brother spoke to Lu Qi on the phone, how would Fourth Brother communicate with Lu Qi?

Could it be that Fourth Brother was thinking about finding Lu Qi’s location, so he did not notice the contents of the phone call?

Qiao Nian was a little excited. She had thought that she would only acknowledge one sister this time. She didn’t expect her to acknowledge a brother!

Qiao Nian didn’t know what Fourth Brother was like, but she was inexplicably a little excited.

Lu Qi took a closer look at her phone. The call didn’t look like it was broken. Thinking that Fourth Brother was also shocked, she shouted, “Fourth Brother! Come back to your senses!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Seeing that Fourth Brother was silent, Lu Qi asked, “Fourth Brother, Sister is by my side now. She’s really still alive. Why won’t you respond at all?”

Lu Qi looked awkward. She didn’t want her sister to think that Fourth Brother didn’t like her. She hurriedly said, “Sister, perhaps my phone is broken, so we can’t hear Fourth Brother!”

Just as she finished speaking, there was a knock on the car window.

Qiao Nian was slightly stunned. She looked over and saw a handsome man standing at the driver’s window.

This man looked familiar.

He had long eyelashes, beautiful phoenix-like eyes, a high nose bridge, and a mole on the side of his nose!

Only then did Qiao Nian react.

Wasn’t this the Fourth Master who had saved her at the Red Bar?

Qiao Nian was slightly stunned. She hadn’t expected to meet Fourth Master so coincidentally.

Last time, when Fourth Master saved her, she had wanted to treat him to a meal, but he was unwilling. Now that she had seen him, she should greet him.

With this thought in mind, Qiao Nian was about to get out of the car to greet him when she heard Lu Qi call out.

“Fourth Brother!” Lu Qi shouted. She opened the passenger door and ran towards Fourth Master.

Qiao Nian paused in her actions.

Fourth Master was Fourth Brother!

Could it be that Fourth Brother was the fourth child in the family, so he was called Fourth Master outside?