Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1637 Exclusive Incentives

Despite belonging to opposite camps, Tristan never treated Ves like an enemy.

He freely expressed his difficulties about his future direction as a mech designer to someone he wasn't close with. Ordinarily, an acquaintance like Ves should never be exposed to Tristan's deeper problems.

Of course, Tristan wasn't an average acquaintance to Ves. The Fridayman mech designer never dismissed Ves despite his humbler background.

Both of them still maintained the idea that it was better to deepen their connection to each other. Those who managed to pass the trials set by the Rim Guardians weren't ordinary in the slightest!

"Right now, I'm leaning towards specializing in lightweight materials." Tristan freely explained. "This is an area which Master Katzenberg has never excelled in. She focuses mainly on substituting more expensive materials for more affordable materials. Usually, that comes with a cost as the substitute materials are often inefficient, requiring more mass in order to equal the effect of the original materials."

Ves thought about what Tristan proposed. "Your rationale is certainly solid. However, I think that specializing in lightweight materials is more of a means than an end. I don't hear much of a direction yet. What ambition have you set? What dream do you want to realize?"

"That's why it's only a consideration. I haven't even figured my goal. Designing a mech with no mass sounds far too unrealistic to me. There is no way such a mech could ever exist!"

"Maybe you can make a mech out of light." Ves joked.

"Photons have energy, therefore they have mass. Besides, even if I manage to design a mech out of an even higher-level substance or energy, the mech pilot still possesses mass as well!"

"It sounds like you haven't managed to find an end goal that resonates with your desires. If you failed to come up with an ambition that you want to pursue after considering this direction for a time, maybe it??s not the right choice."

Tristan sighed. "You're right, I guess. When I initially became an apprentice for Master Katzenberg, I thought my future was already set. While I advanced smoothly to Journeyman, I never realized that the heirs of a Master Mech Designer don't have much choice in their future development until it was too late."

"Do you regret apprenticing under your Master?"

"Never! I'm very grateful to my Master. Without her assistance, I would have never advanced to Journeyman in my thirties! I know what I'm capable of. If I studied at Leemar without any strong backing, I would have been forced to scrape for work."

Just because Tristan was a Fridayman did not mean he was destined for success. Many graduates from places such as the Leemar Institute of Technology had to find their place in a vastly more competitive mech community.

Though Ves always lamented the limitations of designing third-class mechs, he had to admit it was a lot more easy to compete in this market.

Everyone knew that there was much more profit potential in designing second-class mechs. The differences were so vast that Ves estimated that the competition was at least ten times more intense!

Of course, once someone like Tristan found his way and achieved success, he would be able to earn vastly more profit than Ves despite selling much less mechs!

Ever since Gloriana revealed the 3-year deadline to Ves, he knew he had to become proficient in designing second-class mechs.

If Ves had a choice, then he would have preferred to stick to his roots and continue to excel in designing third-class mechs.

However, it wasn't necessarily a bad idea for him to expand his horizons and learn how to design a higher class mechs.

Considering his plans for the future, Ves knew that it would be best if he shifted his focus to designing second-class mechs.

Remaining in the third-class orbit was much too limiting to Ves. He wouldn't be able to accumulate much resources and grow his powerbase if he limited himself to third-class mechs and tech.

Even the strongest force of third-rate mechs could never defeat a vastly smaller force of second-rate mechs!

There was a limit to the potential of a third-rate force.

Since Ves wanted to upgrade his focus, he might as well discuss it with his current conversation partner. When he revealed his ambition to become a second-class mech designer, Tristan did not show any surprise. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"I always knew you wanted to climb higher." He smirked for a brief moment. "However, it's not necessarily a good idea to enter a height you aren't closely familiar with. Many third-class mech designers who emigrated to the Friday Coalition have tried and failed to stand out. They're too far behind compared to the likes of me who lived and breathed second-class mechs from birth."

"Gloriana already warned me about the challenges, but I'm confident I can manage. Part of the reason why most of those third-class mech designers stagnate is because they can't keep up with the cognitive augmentations that you rich people enjoy, right?"

"That's partially correct. However, even the third-raters who manage to earn a lot of financial support have failed to pay back their debts."

That reminded Ves of someone. "Do you know how Patricia Schneider is doing these days?"

"She's married now." Tristan answered. "She goes by Patricia Cain now. I haven't heard anything notable about Orlando Cain, but Patricia has become more notable these days. Master Null values her very highly, especially after she married and started to work harder."

"Is she still at Leemar?"

"No. Last I've heard, she followed Master Null to a secret location in order to work directly for the Carnegie Group. That's quite exceptional, you know."

"Oh?"

"Only direct disciples are entitled to become a part of the Carnegie Group's core design projects. She must have found some way to earn her Master's appreciation, though she is still a nominal disciple in the books."

That sounded unusual, but Ves didn't care too much about Patricia anymore. She was just an old classmate and acquaintance to him. He quickly moved on to something else.

"Let's get back to the original topic. What do you think I should prioritize if I want to compete in a market like the Friday Coalition?"

Tristan crossed his arm and fell into thought. "I'm not sure what advice you need and what I'm qualified to give. I don't really concern myself with third-class mech designers trying to climb up. Don't you have Gloriana?"

"She's a great help so far, but she only has a very limited exposure to the mech market. Her main business is designing custom mechs on commission. She has never designed a commercial mech or competed in the open market."

"I see." Tristan nodded. "Well, I think I can tutor you a bit on how to compete in a second-class mech market as long as I'm available."

That sounded like a significant favor! Ves lit up at the offer. This was exactly what he needed to become a qualified second-class mech designer!

However, he quickly calmed down. "What do you want in return for this favor?"

"You don't have to pay me back for now. Right now, I don't need anything from you. That might change in the future, especially if you manage to get closer to the Rim Guardians. How far are you in your assignment?"

"I've made some progress." Ves hesitatingly answered. "It's very difficult, but I'm confident that it won't take long for me to complete my mission."

According to the battlefield reports he received from the Avatars, Silent William was making quite a name for himself in the fight against the sandmen.

However, Ves didn't see any evidence that William Urbesh had reached the cusp of becoming an expert candidate.

Tristan offered Ves a rueful smile. "The Rim Guardians don't just pick anyone to become their associates. From the beginning of the trials, you're constantly being evaluated. However, as long as you succeed, you'll definitely enter their circle! Achieving this is worth sacrificing everything else!"

Both of them recognized the twinkle in their eyes.

"Are you thinking about becoming a galactic pioneer?" Ves asked.

"Who wouldn't in our places? We're not like the older generation who are content with their existing foundation. The risks of exploring the Red Ocean Dwarf Galaxy is much more interesting to mech designers like us who have much more to gain."

"Do you know what kind of benefit the Rim Guardians provide to mech designers who want to take part in the invasion?"

"You're talking to the right person." Tristan grinned. "While I haven't been able to collect a lot of information, I did manage to nibble out some information from someone who has already become an associate of the Rim Guardians."

That immediately startled Ves. He never thought that Tristan was so capable! I turned out that calling him was a good idea after all!

"What did you find out?" He hungrily asked.

"Well, the Rim Guardians have already unveiled a raft of programs to reward associates who contribute to them. Unlike the main organization, the Rim Guardians offer an expanded selection of assignments that you can fulfill in exchange for merits. You can also offer various goods and services in order to earn merits as well. In general, the Rim Guardians offer considerably more merits for the same kind of assignment, so there's no good reason to approach the main organization."

"This is because the Rim Guardians want to monopolize the contributions from their associates, right?"

Tristan nodded. "Right. It's a win-win situation. We get to earn more merits than normal, while the Rim Guardians get to receive lots of contributions that expand their power within the MTA."

"Is there any downside to ignoring the main organization?"

"Yeah. The level of contribution is a measure of your friendship with an organization. Currying favor with the Rim Guardians is only useful if you continue to interact with them. If you happen to end up in a place where the Rim Guardians don't have a presence, the MTA will be a lot more colder towards you. This wouldn't happen if you contribute to the main organization."

In essence, if Ves was more capable, then it was much more worthwhile to foster a relationship with the MTA as a whole.

"It's already hard trying to earn 100 million merits with the options that the MTA has opened up. I think I have much better luck if I continue to get closer to the Rim Guardians."

"You're making the right choice, Ves. I haven't mentioned the biggest reward yet. Earning more MTA merits is just part of the incentives they provide. The biggest one is the discount they provide!"

"A discount for what?"

"A beyonder ticket!"

"What?! Are you kidding, Tristan?!"

"I'm completely serious. While I haven't been able to verify this news yet, I have no reason to doubt my source! The Rim Guardians have announced that they are willing to reward excellent contributors with up to a fifty percent discount!"

"Fifty percent!" Ves gasped. "That means a second-class fleet beyonder ticket can be redeemed for 50 million merits!"

"I wouldn't get your hopes up so fast, though. The Rim Guardians won't hand out a fifty percent discount easily. They'll only reward it to associates who have contributed enormously or appreciate the most! However, it's much more doable for us to aim for a ten to twenty percent discount."

Ves calmed down after hearing that. A twenty percent discount already made his goal of obtaining a beyonder ticket within ten years a lot more easier!

"All of this hinges upon whether we can complete our initial assignments." Tristan shook his head. "As long as we can't get past the door, we'll be stuck outside."

"Yes. You're right." Ves sighed. "Are you thinking about earning a beyonder ticket for yourself?"

"I'm not sure." Tristan sighed. "I'd like to try, but it will probably take several decades, and that's only if I'm successful. However, there is talk about several potential expeditions. As long as the Komodo War goes against us, there are many people here who are thinking about making a new start…"