Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1688 Blooded Leader

After Ves and Melkor greeted each other under tense conditions, they settled down in the latter's office.

Melkor took the time to sweep over his old office.

His visor made it difficult for Ves to figure out what he was paying attention to. Was he looking at his academy diplomas mounted on the wall? Was he reminiscing about his youth by watching the projected images of his parents?

Melkor behaved as if he had returned from a hundred-year expedition instead of a few months of action!

"It's difficult for me to get accustomed to peace." He said. "I'm still used to tensing up for the alarm sounds that warn of imminent combat. I've fought off so many sandman fleets that they've even started to haunt me in my sleep!"

"It sounds like you can use some time to retreat to the Cloud Estate."

"I know. I plan to surround myself with family. I have one request, though."

"Say it. You're one of my closest confidants."

"That's news to me." Melkor threw a jaded at Ves, though the effect was largely lost due to his visor. "You pretty much threw us against the sandmen."

"Let's not retread this argument." Ves sighed. "Get on to it. What is your request?"

"Much of my men have returned broken or traumatized. I don't think any single Avatar or Sentinel has managed to keep their sanity. I'd like to invite them to the Cloud Estate to give them the care and love they need to heal their psyches."

Ves idly waved his hand. "I'll allow it for the Avatars, but not for the Sentinels."

Melkor looked upset. "Why? Even though the Sentinels are dedicated to protecting the LMC, they are just as worthy as my Avatars."

"It's exactly because they work for the LMC that they're not worth investing in. I don't want to crowd the Cloud Estate and disturb the Larkinsons who still reside there. It's enough to allow the Avatars to rest and recuperate with the help of our Larkinson methods."

"What about the Sentinels, then? Are you just going to shove them aside because they're not as useful to you in the future?"

"Don't misunderstand me, Melkor. Risk must be paired with reward. I'm being much more generous to your returning Avatars because they deserve it after all they have done. As for the Sentinels, they had it easier, so they are not as deserving. This is how I operate."

"So they'll be left to fend for themselves?"

"The Sentinels can take care of themselves. Besides, who says they will be left alone? I recently founded a new charity that is dedicated to treating the mental and physicals of war veterans. I already called Director Clinton to offer his services to your Avatars and Sentinels."

Since his Ves Larkinson Foundation for Wounded Veterans specialized in these matters, he might as well make use of it instead of turning to an outside institution.

"I see. I heard about Clinton's good work. I trust him to know what is best for my men."

It seemed that Melkor thought highly of Clinton Larkinson. Ves wasn't too familiar with the old director, so he hadn't anticipated this reaction.

"Good! You can discuss the details with Magdalena and Clinton."

Lucky climbed out of Ves' lap and padded over to Melkor. The Avatar Commander hardly took any notice of the mechanical cat.

"Go away. I'm not in the mood to play right now."

"Meow."

"Ves, please tell your cat to stop sniffing my uniform."

"Meow."

Ves briefly concentrated his mind and sent a spiritual nudge to Lucky. The cat instantly jumped as if someone stepped on his tail!

"Meow!"

"You deserve it! Now get back!"

While Ves reined in his pet, Melkor watched on with a level of detachment.

"Maybe I was being too harsh on Lucky. Sorry, Ves. I'm not used to letting uncontrolled elements approach me. Who knows if it's a sandman who crept up on my ship."

"Did the sandmen really sneak into ships to assassinate people?"

"You'd be surprised at what they are capable of doing. Just because the sandmen admirals call the shots doesn't mean the lower castes are unthinking. We needed to be really careful in tracking the debris from broken sandmen because a part of them always manage to live. The most annoying survivors are those who managed to cling to a mech as it returns to its ship. I haven't witnessed it in person, but I've heard of these instances taking place in other star systems."

Melkor proceeded to tell random anecdotes to Ves. He had experienced or heard a lot of interesting stories which didn't show up in public or in the reports he had access to. Each tale illustrated the many dangers and frustrations the soldiers at the front had to deal with in their endless fight against the implacable aliens. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Ves noted that Melkor's need to share his stories was a form of catharsis for him. This didn't seem surprising. The returning commander had no one else to share his closest thoughts with when he was deployed to the front.

Melkor had to put up a strong and confident exterior in order to inspire his subordinates. He couldn't share anything with his allies because they were mostly strangers who happened to be assigned to the same defense force.

As for confiding with the officers of the Mech Corps assigned to lead the defense forces, there was a very clear separation between the two. Larkinson or not, Melkor was just the head of a private mech force.

"So what now?" The matured commander asked. "The war isn't over. None of us can relax until the sandmen stop flooding into our state."

"Commander Magdalena and I have already made arrangements. For now, you should prepare to take over the Sentinel Commander's role when she leads the second detachment to the front. We need a competent and experienced leader to direct the remaining Avatars and Sentinels in the event the sandmen show up in Cloudy Curtain again. Are you up to the task?"

"I can do it." Melkor immediately replied. "It is no problem for me to step in her boots. You can count on me to maintain discipline."

Ves believed him. The authority he exuded could not be faked. Someone much less than Ves would instinctively follow Melkor's instructions without expressing any doubt. This was the most valuable ability that Melkor acquired from his tour.

Before Melkor deployed to the front, he had always seemed a bit fresh and green to lead the most elite mech force under Ves' command.

Now, Ves had no reason to doubt Melkor's qualifications. According to the reports, the Avatar Commander managed to lead the Avatars and Sentinels well enough to earn their trust and respect.

Such a leader was worthy to take on the mantle of Avatar Commander.

Failed leaders such as Lady Miralix from the Sentinel Kingdom or Casella Ingvar from the Kingdom of the Three Flowers served as cautionary tales for what could go wrong.

It was very hard to be in charge of people. Each of them had their own thoughts and wants. An organization was supposed to fit them into a structure, but a strong leader was needed to truly bring them together.

While Melkor showed a bit of attitude, that was not a bad thing. Ves never asked for a yes-man to lead his Avatars. As mech pilots who were supposed to embody myths and legends, they should have the capital to be arrogant!

Of course, Ves would never be as charitable if he didn't have the confidence to suppress his jaded subordinate.

"How is the war going from your perspective?" He asked.

"I thought you had access to all sorts of intelligence."

"I do. It's just that most of them are prepared by all sorts of people. I want to hear what you think of the war, as someone who fought and lived through the battles."

"It's a calamity. You don't understand how many lives are resting on our shoulders. Each time defenders like us fail to stop the sandmen, another planet is lost. The Bright Republic has too many planets to evacuate their populations. Only the brightest and most important individuals have been taken to safety. As for those who aren't valued enough.. you can imagine their fates."

Ves heard a lot of hidden resentment in Melkor's voice. He probably hated the fact that the Bright Republic hadn't allocated a lot of ships to evacuate more citizens.

"Do you think we can win?"

"Hahaha!" Melkor burst out in laughter. "Win?! We've won thousands of battles, but we are still losing ground! Defeat a single sandman fleet, and another one arrives the next day. Defeat that fleet, and a third fleet arrives! There is no end to the sandmen!"

"A CFA warfleet recently demolished the sandman empire." Ves pointed out.

"What does it matter?! I have seen how endless they are! Every soldier deployed to the front has never enjoyed a moment of rest because they are too numerous!"

"Have you lost hope?"

"I..." Melkor suddenly froze. "I guess I have. I don't see an end to the sandmen. I know their numbers are finite, but.. will we still be around by the time the sandman invasion has lost steam?"

That was the question that everyone wanted to answer. No one knew how many sandman fleets were on their way to batter human space. Analysts have made all kinds of predictions, but there was simply too little data to make a solid guess.

Though Melkor put up a strong front, Ves recognized how fragile he had become. The burden of leadership bore down onto his shoulders until his bones started to crack.

If the pressure increased by even a little bit, Melkor was liable to break entirely!

Once Ves recognized this danger, he immediately became concerned.

He initially agreed to send Melkor to the front in order to cultivate a strong leader. Now that his cousin had returned, he got what he wanted, but not without some damage.

If Ves wanted to get his money's worth, he needed to give Melkor the opportunity to heal his wounds.

"Don't push yourself too hard now that you're back." He advised. "You're not the only person in charge here. There are a lot of Avatars and Sentinels who can take over some of your duties while you recuperate."

"I know. I'm a Larkinson, remember? I recognize my own condition. I'm not stable enough to lead my men in my current state."

"Good."

Ves felt reassured. He didn't want to have another Carlos on his hands.

"One more thing, Ves. Have we proven ourselves?"

"Yes." Ves immediately replied. "You and your Avatars have done enough to prove your courage and commitment. As far as I'm concerned, you and the Avatars you've brought back have become the core members of my organization."

A huge sense of relief escaped from Melkor's body. He was really afraid that Ves would impose additional demands!

"Rest assured that you and all of your proven men don't have to pilot low-specced budget mechs anymore. Commander Magdalena has already procured a batch of Dawnbreakers for your blooded Avatars. They deserve to pilot mechs that match their elite status!"

The Avatar Commander perked up. "Do you really mean that?!"

"We have enough Dawnbreakers in stock to pair every Avatar with a premium mech!"

Ves did not take offense by Melkor's obvious preference for the Dawnbreakers. Their powerful specs and their notable defense turned them into one of the most popular mechs among the mech pilots deployed to the front!

Few mech models preserved the lives of mech pilots as well as the Dawnbreaker!

The Desolate Soldier designed by Ves was simply too lacking in comparison. Despite their valuable glows, mech pilots vastly valued their lives over feeling good about themselves!

Melkor's reaction reminded Ves that he should not overvalue his unique strengths. As long as the performance difference was wide enough, mech pilots were better off using powerful mechs than living mechs!