Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Compared to the significance of the transfer in shares to the Ylvaine Protectorate and Ves, the matter of shares in the hands of the Larkinson Family was much more trivial to solve.

"The Larkinson Family owns 25 percent of the outstanding shares in the LMC." Ves summarized. "As you know, the inner turmoil in our family has led to an imminent split. A minority of Larkinsons are willing to follow me. The rest of the Larkinsons like my uncle and grandfather still have too many attachments to your state to start anew."

Leland looked amused. "I understand the nature of the problem. There is no agreement on how to split the shares between your side of the family and the other side of the family, is that it? There isn’t any rule or existing framework that describes what must be done because your family never imagined that it would split."

The spy hit the nail on the head.

"Well, I just had a talk with my grandfather. It was not a good talk. The old family, as I call them, is being very presumptuous."

"I can imagine. They are Larkinsons. For all of their bravery and confidence in battle, they are not as adept in the delicate art of business and politics."

Of course, whether Ves shared this common flaw was still in question. While Ves was not as good as the likes of those born of higher station, he at least considered himself to be better in this regard than his mule-headed relatives!

"The point is that rather than dealing with them further, I might as well bring my requests to the government. I hope you can facilitate our family’s impending separation and manage the transfer of assets in our stead."

Leland paused for a moment and looked at him in the eyes.

"You wish to go over the heads of your relatives who aren’t inclined to follow you? That is.. not a proper course of action, if I may say so. No matter what you think about them, they are still your family. We know that matters a lot to Larkinsons like you. I advise you to reconsider and seek a more amicable settlement with your relatives."

Ves shook his head. He refused the advice out of hand.

"Our relations have deteriorated too far for us to have any amiability left between us. I don’t have any patience left to deal with their obstinance and presumptiveness. Now, is the state willing to enforce a settlement or not? Tell me now so that I know I shouldn’t waste my time any further."

"Oh, I am sure we can manage something as long as it is in the purview of our state." Leland immediately replied, though he showed a bit of hesitation. "Both the LMC and the Larkinson Family are within our jurisdiction, though our effective control only extends to the borders of our state. A matter like this is well within our means. However, just because we can, doesn’t mean we should. Do you really want to deal with the other side of your family in this fashion?"

"I’m sure." Ves curtly affirmed.

"What is it you wish to impose on the family?"

Ves took a deep breath.

"Our Larkinson Family will split up. This is inevitable and I don’t object to this in principle. There are two important points of contention. First is the right to draw on our heritage and continue to call ourselves Larkinsons. The old family wants to deprive the new family of this right. Suffice to say, I heavily disagree."

"This won’t be a problem, Ves. I don’t think the Larkinsons in the Bright Republic can even enforce such a demand. Our laws certainly won’t, and the Ylvaine Protectorate is likewise unsympathetic."

"I know the conservative faction of the family." Ves spoke, recalling Ghanso’s self-righteous words. "They’ll kick and scream about this issue if they don’t get their way. They are so stuck-up about their honor and the supposed risks we pose to their reputation that they’ll never be willing to give any ground. Rather than deal with their whining, I just want your government to dictate once and for all that my side of the family is just as tied to the Larkinson heritage as their side!"

If the government itself put down its foot, how could the old family resist?

The very identity of the old family made them incapable of resisting the commands of the state!

Ves essentially took advantage of this weakness of the traditionalists. The only way to push back against this tyrannical imposition was to break the very tenets they swore to uphold!

He resisted the urge to laugh about how easy it was to outmaneuver his own family.

This just showed how badly the Larkinsons needed to move on and change with the times!

"What else do you require our assistance with, Ves?"

"The second point of contention is how to split up the shares in the LMC that the formerly-united Larkinson Family once held. The old family wants the lion’s share of the stock, which is wholly unacceptable for me. Their reasons are contradictory and their motives are hypocritical. Since they’re incapable of negotiating in good faith, I’ll do it for them. Though their tone is presumptuous, I’m not unsympathetic to their reasoning. I can be generous if I want to be. I’ll leave them with.. 1 percent ownership for old times’ sake."

"That.. sounds rather small." Leland commented. "This means your side of the family will take 24 percent of the outstanding shares. Doesn’t this sound a bit too lopsided to you?"

Ves grinned. "The Larkinsons never invested in my company until it was already up and running! I only agreed to bestow them with a fourth of the company because they offered to stand up to me! Even though I knew it was a bad deal, I still accepted it because they were family! Well, you know what happened next."

Since Venerable Ghanso Larkinson himself stabbed him in the back, Ves already possessed the right to tear his covenant with the family!

"I won’t comment on the contentions within your family. If you truly wish to proceed with this distribution, then we will do our best to facilitate this outcome." Leland carefully responded.

"Good. I expect nothing less from the state who has the old family at their mercy."

"Please don’t misrepresent our state due to the actions of the few. No matter what you believe, our state still acts according to our laws. We would never engage in arbitrary meddling."

Ves couldn’t help but chuckle. The cynicism within him infused his laughter with resignation.

"What happened to me must have happened to countless Brighters over the years. My respect for my home state is completely gone now, and it’s all your fault. You made me like this. If you guys haven’t acted duplicitous to me and simply uphold your end of our deals, I wouldn’t have been forced to relocate to the Protectorate!"

"You are making a mistake. The Bright Republic is not a single entity, and our government is not a monolithic whole. Our state would be a tyranny if we do not allow for a diversity of interests, opinions and representation to have a say in its running! It is unfortunate that our commitment to sharing and delegating power has led to an instance of abuse. We promise you that we will make sure this will never happen again!"

"Oh, you’ll meet your promise alright, because I’ll never be in the position for the Bright Republic to take advantage of me again!" He shouted before abruptly calming himself. "I should thank you, actually. Your state has opened my eyes to the true nature of people and power. If I hadn’t learned this very painful lesson, then I might have continued to be blind to threats from this direction!"

Leland truly looked perplexed this time, though Ves was certain the spy was still meticulously controlling his expressions.

"Ves.. we are not your enemy."

"Not now, and only because you guys are remorseful for what you’ve done."

"Again, General Cavendish does not represent the rest of the government."

Ves dismissively waved his hand. "Bla bla bla. Whatever. I’ve already conveyed my main requests. I don’t have any further demands. The old family can keep the rest for all I care. Now, will the government meet my request or not? I want it done quickly if possible."

"I.." Leland paused as he seemed to listen to instructions passed through another channel. "I can assure you that the Bright Republic will meet your requests as fast as possible. We will get in touch with the representatives of both sides of the Larkinson Family and facilitate an accelerated settlement along the lines of your requests. There will be no problem in making the ’old family’ accept our terms."

It was as if this was already a done deal!

This was exactly the reason why Ves skipped negotiation with his grandfather in favor of approaching the government.

Sure enough, as long as it was worth its time, the state was more than willing to intervene!

Performing this favor would do much to lesson Ves’ animosity towards his home state. This in turn allowed the Bright Republic to feel more confident that it could maintain hold of the 7 percent ownership in the LMC. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

The politicians and bureaucrats weren’t stupid. They studied Ves and his possible growth trajectories in great detail and knew that he was definitely meant for greater things!

Even if he failed to advance to Master in his timeline, as a Senior he would already be one of the most impressive mech designers of his rank!

If the insanely wild success of the Desolate Soldier and the immense impact of the Deliverer were any indications, the LMC in a decade might grow to become a behemoth that spanned several star sectors!

With such bright prospects on the horizon, how could the Bright Republic ever allow itself to miss out on the party?

For this reason, the state should be just as eager as the Ylvaine Protectorate to maintain hold of some of the shares in his mech company!

Ves knew what the Bright Republic was thinking. He could accept their desire to cling to the LMC. As long as they didn’t mess with the Larkinsons who continued to support the state out of misguided loyalty, then Ves could fully put down his worries and set his sights higher.

After discussing some lesser matters such as the future of the LMC’s presence in the Bright Republic, Ves and the government of the Bright Republic finally forged a new understanding.

Through Leland, Ves conveyed all of his wishes, and the government almost bent over backwards in order to meet his needs!

It felt good to hold upper hand in a negotiation this time. Ves couldn’t help but crack a smile as he considered the absurdity of imposing his demands on a powerful state!

An ordinary Journeyman would have never been able to make the government sit down and talk like this! Perhaps not even a Senior commanded as much respect!

The major difference between him and his fellow colleagues was the strength he possessed and the successes he accomplished.

Reality-defying mechs like the Desolate Soldier and the Deliverer served as the basis for his power!

As long as he remained an exceptional mech designer whose products were enormously influential, Ves would continue to be treated with care and respect!

Naturally, this also served a warning that he should never slack off and grow complacent. A continuous decline or an abrupt fall from grace would topple everything he built and strip him of the power he wielded with relish today!

Ves was not a politician. He was not a head or state, nor was he adept at leadership.

He was a mech designer. Everything he earned and everything he deserved rested on the basis of his ability to design fantastic mechs.

He had to continue to progress! Spending too much time on these distracting matters would only weaken him over time!

To a mech designer, designing mechs always came first!