Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2006 Class System

After a long and exhausting day at work, Ves and Gloriana eventually wrapped up their design session. They ate supper with Dr. Ranya and the other important guests on the Scarlet Rose before retiring to their stateroom.

After spending an evening cuddling with each other while they watched some news programs, they got ready for bed.

As Gloriana cozily settled in their bed, Ves began to look hopeful at her as he laid on the other side.

He glanced at the bodyguards standing vigilantly at the sides. He also threw a look at Lucky and Clixie, who were perched together on a floating cat bed.

Though he felt a bit disturbed by the lack of privacy, his previous experience made him a lot less shy about his 'performance'.

He slowly scooted over until his body was right next to his dozing girlfriend.

"Gloriana?"

"Yes, honey?"

"Would you like to.."

She yawned. "I'm tired, Ves. We have a lot of design work in store tomorrow. Let's make sure we have a good night's rest so that our fully-refreshed brains can handle all of the strain we will put it under when we link up our implants again."

That sounded distinctly unromantic to Ves. His drive was already starting to stutter.

"Uhm.. don't you want to.. you know.."

He reached out with his hand to place it on the curve of the small of her back. Just as his hand reached its destination, Gloriana mercilessly swatted it away!

"Bad Ves! This isn't the time for fun!"

"But.. but.. Didn't you enjoy—"

"—That was then, this is now! You don't get to have a piece of me until I say so, is that clear?"

Ves looked dejected. "Yes.."

"Great! Now go to sleep. If I want to have some fun, I'll dismiss the guards, but until then you better keep your hands to yourself, is that clear?"

He nodded.

"Good night, Ves."

"Good night..."

Ves did not have a good night.

The next day, Gloriana was all smiles as she began to partake her breakfast while her cat was eating from a bowl placed right next to her plate.

"Miaow!"

"Hihihi! I love you too, Clixie!"

Lucky on the other hand curiously poked a morose-looking Ves as he listlessly shoveled his high-calorie food through his gullet.

"Meow?"

"It's not that simple, Lucky."

"Meow."

"Hahaha. No. Her bodyguards would crucify me. Humans aren't supposed to do that!"

"Meow." Lucky threw a contemptuous expression at Ves before floating away.

Even his own cat regarded him as a loser!

"At least I got some, unlike you!" Ves hissed after his departing pet!

"What are you talking about, Ves?" Gloriana looked up at him from the other side of the table.

"Ah, nothing, hahaha!" Ves awkwardly rubbed the back of his head. "I won't be joining you at the design lab in the morning. The fleet is just about to exit FTL, which means I'll be meeting with the Larkinson elders."

"Is it about letting outsiders into the clan?"

He nodded.

"You know my stance on the matter. I think you should really consider accepting Calabast's proposal. Though I don't like the woman, I think she is right in this case. The Larkinson Clan can be something more as long as you can navigate all of the challenges."

"It's not up to me." He shrugged. "This is such a sensitive matter that only the support of the Larkinson Assembly can legitimize this measure."

His girlfriend shook her head. "I think you're wrong. Your influence among your fellow clansman is very high. You're the Devil Tongue, right? If you really want to, you can always put your persuasive talents to use in this instance."

"Calabast already suggested something similar." Ves frowned. "I rejected her, because you know why? My so-called Devil Tongue should only be directed towards my enemies. I would never unleash it against friendlies, let alone my own relatives!"

"Ves, Ves, Ves. Politics makes no distinction between friends and enemies. At the very least, the methods needed to handle both are the same. You may think that you need to hold back against your own side, but if you aren't careful, you may find them turning their backs on you at the most inconvenient times!"

He stubbornly shook his head. "I won't do it. I won't subject my own family to my Devil Tongue. This is my principle!"

"What about all of those speeches you held in front of the Larkinson Clan? I've been watching you closely while you held your speeches, you know. You employed a nearly identical approach to the one you used against your enemies."

Ves awkwardly shifted on his seat. "That's different. I didn't excoriate my relatives. I simply tried to be as persuasive as possible without crossing any lines."

"Manipulation is manipulation no matter what kind of coat you choose to dress it up. Holding back can be a deadly mistake sometimes. Just think about it, Ves. You don't have to abide by the decision of your clan if you don't agree with the consensus your relatives have reached."

With that, hey ended their breakfast and went their separate ways.

Ves took Lucky to his office compartment and went through his daily briefing before the fleet exited from FTL.

With no enemies in the abandoned star system, a series of shuttles began to depart from the ships.

A couple of them headed to the Scarlet Rose. Soon enough, their passengers arrived at his office.

"Raymond, Ovrin, Clinton, please take a seat."

They seated themselves on the comfortable chairs that appeared from the ceiling and floated down.

The three Larkinson elders each represented the Executive Council, the Larkinson Assembly and the Larkinson Court respectfully. While they didn't speak for their entire body, they still wielded an immense amount of influence.

"Let's start with the rationale to allow outsiders into the clan. What made you accept this proposal?"

All three old men looked at each other.

Eventually, Raymond Billingsley-Larkinson spoke up first.

"The Larkinson Clan can't do everything alone. Not right now and no right away. While I share your vision of a strong clan that consists entirely of our trueblood descendants, it's not realistic given the pace in which we move."

"We could move slower." Ves retorted. "We don't have to absorb thousands of outsiders at the same time."

"That's not good enough." Raymond shook his head. "Out of all of us, I'm in touch with outsiders the most, so I can tell you that a lot of our workers and followers are quite devoted to you and our clan. After extensive contact with people who don't bear our name, I gradually realized that our relationship with people like Gavin and Calsie transcend the normal employee-employer relationship. Ever since we left our fixed homes and adopted a nomadic existence, our ships have turned into both our homes and our ships."

Clinton gruffly nodded. "It's not that easy for them to quit their jobs anymore. For all intents and purposes, they are already vassals of ours."

"Is there a problem keeping our relationship with outsiders this way?" Ves raised an eyebrow.

"In the short term, yes. In the long term, maybe." Ovrin Larkinson replied. "From a governance standpoint, maintaining a division between a minority of Larkinson clansmen and a majority of outsiders is very precarious. Who crews our ships? The Ylvainans. Who pilots most of our mechs? Dispossessed Brighters and Ylvainans. These are just the few groups of outsiders who fulfill critical roles. The responsibility and power they hold is quite considerate. Don't you think that sounds dangerous?"

That did sound concerning to Ves. Right now, this didn't present a problem, but if the relationship between the Larkinson Clan and the outsiders ever soured...

"There is something permanent about becoming inducted in our clan." Raymond continued. "Those who are able to become a Larkinson will cherish their status and become more committed to our endeavors than ever. Their loyalty will not only skyrocket, but remain enduring throughout their lifetimes!"

Ves responded with a rueful smile. "That's only when we turn them into true Larkinsons. If we turn them into second-class Larkinsons, I don't think they'll be as happy."

This was the biggest controversy raging within the Larkinson Clan! The faces of the three Larkinson elders immediately shifted. None of them looked as assured as before!

"I don't have an opinion on this." Clinton said. "I accept any outcome the clan adopts as long as it strengthens us. I've perused the history of several other family organizations and I've seen outcomes where it worked and where it went horribly wrong. There are considerable risks associated with either options, and that makes it difficult to settle on a clear answer."

"Most of the Assembly is in favor of adopting outsiders in our clan, but a significant majority objects to elevating them to the same status as trueblood Larkinsons." Ovrin revealed to Ves. "We value our Larkinson heritage and blood way too much to risk losing both when we transform too many outsiders into 'Larkinsons'. They may bear the name, but they don't bear our blood. What stops them from abusing the power of their majority to their advantage to steer our Larkinson Clan away from our core values?"

Raymond slightly disagreed. "This is a possibility, but not a strong one. The outsiders are more similar to us than the assembly members realize. They are making a mountain out of a molehill. I think if we give the outsiders a chance to truly feel as if they belong to the Larkinson Clan, they will become ardent supporters and followers of our Larkinson way!"

The discussion continued along this vein for a while. Ves heard various arguments and predictions that supported both solutions.

Ves felt very pressured by this dilemma. Neither option were risk-free, and a lot could go wrong if they chose wrong or fumbled in its implementation.

"Alright, I've heard enough." He clapped in order to silence the old fogeys. "Right now, the Assembly is in favor of instituting a class division in the clan, is that right?"

Ovrin nodded. "A majority of our entire clan is in support of this solution. As much as we appreciate the outsiders, most of us still wish to retain our special identity. It sounds selfish, but that is the reality of the situation."

Adding outsiders to the clan meant diluting the power and influence of the insiders. That did not sit well with many current Larkinsons who thought they were above everyone else. It was no mystery why most of them subsequently wanted to form a division within the clan.

This was not an ideal solution to Ves. "If we turn outsiders into second-class Larkinsons, that will in effect perpetuate the current division between clansmen and outsiders. Sure, the distance between them has gotten a little closer, but there is still a gulf between a trueblood Larkinson and an adopted Larkinson. Many of the same worries we currently have about entrusting so many essential responsibilities to outsiders still exist."

"I think we can handle this problem, Ves. As long as we learn from other examples and apply best practices, we can turn second-class clan membership into something that is still valuable." Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Though that sounded good, Ves grew increasingly more uncomfortable with the idea. He liked it if his clan was one big happy family. Forming a class system which rigidly separated one group from another group went against his original vision for his clan!

So far, it seemed like the decision-making organs of the clan were slowly drawing towards a consensus that would expand the clan at the same time as dividing it into two. If Ves did nothing, the class system within the Larkinson Clan would become a reality.

Was this the Larkinson Clan he wanted to lead?

Was this the Larkinson Clan that could survive the challenges of the future?

Was this what Ves truly wanted?

The more he thought about it, the more he felt uncomfortable about it. While he was sure it would work okay as long as the Larkinsons managed the transition correctly, a part of him felt as if the other solution held more potential.

To survive in the Red Ocean, his Larkinson Clan needed to be a strong and united collective. It could not afford to exhibit any fault lines that his enemies could exploit!