Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2451: Outrageous Proposal

The Design Department already added 50 assistant mech designers less than a year ago. Not enough time had passed to complete their integration into the Larkinson Clan and their new positions.

Ves didn't want to wait too long before expanding the design capacity of the LMC another time. Even if his assistants were still adjusting to their new lives, they were already capable enough to mentor any new additions.

The help of the existing Braves and Erudites should make it much easier to get them up to speed. Ves and Gloriana wouldn't have to spend as much time and effort into hand-holding them into their new jobs.

When Ves made his proposal, his fiancé did not immediately agree.

"Let's talk about it when you return." She said. "Just hiring more assistants isn't necessarily good. Without more high-ranking mech designers to supervise them all, they're bound to go astray. Don't forget that we're just Journeymen at the moment. There are Seniors who have employed less assistants than us, you know!"

She had a point. Doubling the number of assistants under their control sounded a bit extravagant now that Ves reflected on his proposal. While he still supported it, it might be better if they took some time and stretched out their recruitment effort. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

"Okay. We can discuss this topic and many other topics when we finally get together again."

Ves looked even more forward to reuniting with the other half of the Larkinson Clan.

As time continued to pass, the combined fleet of Wodin Warriors and Larkinsons uneventfully passed through Wreckage Paradise. The border to civilized space was only days away. Every survivor of Task Force Predator was practically waiting to cross over before they were finally willing to relax their nerves!

During the quiet return journey, Ves and the Larkinsons did not have much contact with their Hexer protectors.

The Hexers were reluctant to approach the Larkinsons. They also treated the captured pirate warships with great suspicion despite all of the work being done to take over their remaining systems.

If there was anything worth noting about the Wodin Warriors, it was that they always activated a lot of sensor systems whenever the expert pilots and the expert candidates deployed into space.

Of course, they tried to be somewhat sneaky about it, but Calabast had been watching her fellow Hexers like a hawk.

"The Wodins really want to know what you've done to enable so many breakthroughs." She told him during a regular meeting. "That spiel you gave to the public about the MTA restricting anything related to your innovations may have succeeded in giving you some room, but your future in-laws aren't fooled. They have been tracking your career and accomplishments very closely. I think they have a lot of confidence that you can actually induce breakthroughs."

Ves frowned when he heard that. He petted Lucky as he processed her words, only for his cat to 'lightly' bite his finger.

"Ouch! You naughty bastard!"

"Meow!"

Lucky still resented Ves for force-feeding him with B-stone. Trying to push out two spiky gems was not a pleasant sensation to say the least!

"Meow meow meow!"

"I'm sorry, okay?"

"Meow meow!"

"You're wrong! Who says that I'm not capable of feeling remorse? I reflect on myself all the time!"

"Meow!"

As Ves argued with Lucky, Calabast watched on with amusement. She leaned her backside towards the edge of his desk as usual as she tapped her fingers against the surface of her leg.

"Ahem, as much as I enjoy this sideshow, let's get back on topic. I've studied the Wodin Warriors for weeks. Several times, Colonel Alexandria Wodin was close to inviting you to visit her aboard the Parma Imago. She eventually decided not to after listening to some smart advice."

This sounded disconcerting to Ves. "Did they have any nefarious intentions in mind?"

"Not that. The Wodins would be fools to lay their hands on you. They're just greedy for what you can offer to them. I believe that once we return to the Cinach System, you'll be invited to talk with either Minister Constance or Matriarch Xiaphna. Whoever you talk to, the discussion will doubtlessly turn to greater cooperation between the Wodin Dynasty and the Larkinson Clan."

Ves found that hard to accept. "Our values are completely different. The Wodins are female supremacists while our clan values equality."

"You're too naive, Ves." Calabast smirked and huffed. "Differences of opinion haven't stopped anyone from forming alliances of convenience. If you leave ideology aside, there are many grounds for greater cooperation. With a bond of marriage tying us together, the Wodins will gain greater confidence that any alliance we may form will stick."

"We're close to departing the Komodo Star Sector. There is little meaning to forming an alliance if that's the case. The widening geographic distance between our main fleet and the base of the Wodin Dynasty will make it increasingly difficult to offer aid in emergencies and conduct physical trade. The growing distance will also increase our psychological separation."

"You're correct, Ves. You're quite smart, for once."

"You agree?"

"I do, but that doesn't mean you have grasped the main point, Ves. Now try and think this situation through. From what I have observed, there are indications that the Wodins are eager to establish a closer alliance with the Larkinsons. You have just remarked that such an act only makes sense if the Wodins remain physically close to our expeditionary fleet. What does that mean?"

It only took a few seconds for Ves to grasp her point. His eyes widened as a horrible guess came to mind!

"You mean.. the Wodins want to travel with us? They're readying a fleet as well?!"

"That is the most logical possibility. If the Wodins join forces with us, they believe they can derive continuous benefits from such an alliance. This will not only benefit them at home, but also offer them an opportunity to branch out and spread their lineage to another galaxy."

This was a very big move! Unlike the Larkinsons, the Wodins were rooted to the Komodo Star Sector. Sure, they were very cozy here, but the dynasty would have to make a lot of sacrifices in order to follow the Larkinson Clan into the Red Ocean!

"This doesn't make sense." He grew confused. "To pass through the beyonder gate, they need to muster up 100 million MTA merits. How can they possibly do that?"

"As long as the Wodins are willing to suffer some pain, it's not impossible for them to achieve this goal. For example, they can solicit the help of a Hexer Master Mech Designer who is capable of earning a lot of merits on her own. They can also earn the merits themselves if they fully commit to completing the missions that are open to non-mech designers. Finally, they can partner up with other ambitious dynasties and organizations in order to split the bill."

All of those sounded viable to Ves. Though gathering 100 million MTA was a tall order for just a couple of individuals, when massive organizations were involved, the story was different!

Even though certain restrictions such as the rule that only up to ten people could pool their merits together, it merely prevented a large number of weaklings from entering the Red Ocean.

"There is an even cheaper way for them to enter the Red Ocean." She smirked. "They can request to join your fleet. They just want some of the slots of the 20-ship quota of your beyonder ticket. I expect they will offer huge concessions in order to gain your favor."

Ves slammed his fist against his desk!

"ABSOLUTELY NOT! Do you know how much blood, sweat and tears we shed to work towards this goal? We almost got done in by warships and gods in the last battle! There is no way that I'll share the fruits of our labor to some arrogant women who think they are entitled to leech off the Larkinson Clan just because I married one of their daughters!"

This possibly sounded too outrageous! If the Wodins truly wanted to enter the Red Ocean, then they should do the hard work themselves!

Calabast looked as if she had already expected his outburst. "I believe the Wodins don't have the correct read on you. They're underestimating your dislike towards Hexers."

"I loathe them! Whether they're moderate or extreme, it's a fact that they look down on men. If that's the case, I don't want any more of them around me than necessary. Letting the Glory Seekers accompany us is already the limit."

After Ves clearly expressed his thoughts, he issued an instruction.

"I don't want to deal with this crap. Just convey them a message that they should forget about getting a free ride from us. In fact, even if they're reading an expeditionary fleet of their own, I don't want it to be anywhere close to us. I have many ways to make their lives miserable if they insist on testing my patience."

"Gloriana won't like that."

"Too bad!" Ves shouted. "I'm putting my foot down for once! I don't want any more Hexers around us than what we have previously agreed to! I'm just aching to get as far away from the Hegemony as possible. I don't need the Wodin Dynasty to bring a piece of their own state with us. That would negate my purpose of leaving much of my baggage behind."

Calabast looked at Ves with approval. "I hope you'll be able to show the same amount of resolve when Gloriana issues her request to you in person."

"If she truly loves me, she won't force the issue." Ves snorted. "I have always made it clear from the start that I don't want to get entangled with Hexers. That hasn't changed no matter how chummy I've become with their state."

"Well, I'll be sure to communicate your message discreetly to the Wodins. They're very stubborn, though. It might be that they'll mistake your tough posture as an attempt to drive a hard bargain. It will take multiple messages to get your meaning across."

Ves let out a deep breath and pressed his palm against his face. "What do they possibly think they can offer that will get me to agree to this ridiculous demand? We don't need their capital, ships, mechs, people or anything for that matter."

"I don't know. You'll have to find out when you speak with the senior Wodins."

"What do you think, Calabast? Are you in favor of letting your Hexers keep us company?"

She sneered. "Don't paint every Hexer with the same brush. Besides, I don't consider myself a Hexer anymore. I'm a proud, card-carrying member of the Larkinson Clan. I look out for your interests, not the Hegemony's. As far as this issue goes, I agree with you. One of the biggest flaws of my former people is that we aren't good at diplomacy. This is fatal when you enter into an entirely new region of space that is filled with strong and very different powers. If the Hexers inadvertently cause offense to a powerful faction, then we'll likely suffer as well!"

Ves felt relieved that Calabast was on his side. With her support, he was very sure that the Wodins would never succeed in clawing their way into the Larkinson Clan.

"Continue to keep an eye on the Wodins and do your best to dissuade them from getting their hopes up. I'm not interested in anything they can offer to us. Perhaps in a decade, our Larkinson Clan may have already surpassed the Wodin Dynasty in terms of wealth and power. There is little reason for me to respect them when that happens."

Ves and the Larkinsons received a lot of help from the Wodins, but that did not mean he considered it anything but a fair transaction. They only rescued his task force in order to safeguard the benefits he provided to Gloriana, the Wodins and their state. Nothing more.