Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2476: Return to Cinach

A large fleet of ships transitioned back into realspace.

"We're back!"

After a month of travel, the remnants of Task Force Predator finally returned to the Cinach System!

In just half a year, the star system changed immensely. As the ships that arrived at the edge of the star system stabilized, their sensors detected several thousand active energy emissions!

While the Cinach System was no stranger to trade and commerce, the traffic in space had multiplied explosively.

Perhaps the most impressive single object floating in place was the wedding venue. A giant, hexagonal-shaped space platform measuring several kilometers long floated in high orbit of Cinach VI.

It was by no means a simple platform. With a transparent 'roof' that was covered with thick transparent alloys and an extravagant amount of energy shields, anyone who stepped on it would have a magnificent view of open space above their heads.

Work on the altars, gardens, kitchens and several halls had already been completed some time ago. Due to the Miracle Couple's rapidly-rising prominence, the Wodin Dynasty continually upgraded the venue in order to fully reflect the splendor of those involved.

The other half of the Wodin Warriors that initially arrived at Cinach hovered protectively around the giant platform. With all of the visitors arriving these days, the Hexers had to display enough deterrence to suppress any unfortunate incidents.

Nobody was allowed to get close to the wedding platform and the nearby Hexer fleet!

Fortunately, every visitor respected the Wodin Dynasty's house rules.

While the Cinach System was technically ruled by House Evenson, House Gin Tefa and House Dinta, the exceptional circumstances caused the Wodin Dynasty to take over direct control over security matters.

Everyone travelling to Cinach VI had to undergo very stringent checks. Since many people across the star sector wanted to join the Larkinson Clan, incoming traffic hardly abated despite these harsh conditions. Only by entering the recruitment offices set up by the Larkinsons would these ambitious talents be able to showcase their ability. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Of course, the most important visitors of the Cinach System did not consist of the hopefuls who wanted to join the Larkinson Clan, but the delegations from various local powers.

The leaders or envoys of many states, companies and other organizations gathered in the Cinach System to take part in one of the most noteworthy social events of the decade.

Many of them wanted to get close to the Larkinson Clan or the Miracle Couple! The spectacular accomplishments of the Larkinsons indicated that the soon-to-be-married couple were destined for greatness in the future. Being able to get close to them or establish some sort of cooperation with the Larkinson Clan when it was still relatively young could pay enormous dividends in a couple of decades!

There were hardly any downsides but many upsides to attending the wedding. Anyone clever enough would do their best to get on the guest list!

The Hexers who rejected the initial invitations sent by Gloriana regretted their short-sightedness. They lost the opportunity to socialize with powerful guests and get close to the designers of the famed Blessed Squire and Valkyrie Redeemer.

In contrast, the Hexers who had the foresight to accept the invitations and received generous treatments. Not only were they allowed to park their ships closer to Cinach VI, they also gained plenty of opportunities to meet and socialize with Gloriana in person!

Through these social events, Gloriana struck many favorable agreements on behalf of the Wodin Dynasty. As long as the Komodo War did not end in defeat for the Hexers, the Wodins stood to gain immensely!

Aside from the expansive and cohesive presence of Hexers around Cinach VI, several other noteworthy fleets had arrived.

The most eye-catching among them was the refugee fleet of the Cross Clan. Due to its considerable size and threat, the Wodins commanded the large and powerful fleet to orbit a planet far away from Cinach VI.

"Wow." Ves gasped as he observed the Cross Clan's fleet composition. "That's a huge fleet carrier!"

It was no wonder Calabast brought these people to his attention. Aside from boasting over 70 combat carriers and 200 other vessels, the Cross Clan also retained two fleet carriers.

One of them was 1.8 kilometers long. While this wasn't the longest vessel that Ves had ever seen, the Antonio Cross stood out for her thick armor and her tall hull. She boasted considerably more decks than other capital ships, which meant that she was able to hold more mechs.

According to the data gathered by the Wodin Warriors, the Antonio Cross was able to hold up to 240 mechs and enough supplies to service them for a considerable number of years!

"She's quite an impressive expedition vessel." Ves concluded.

Yet no matter how much the rugged Antonio Cross impressed him, the larger fleet carrier was even more imposing!

Stretching across 3 kilometers, the Hemmington Cross was not just a fleet carrier, but also an ark ship of sorts. She functioned as a city and a military base of the Cross Clan. Such a ship was impressive regardless how much the Crossers suffered in recent years.

"Still, naming their flagship after the leader who arguably led them straight into ruin is not a wise choice."

It seemed the Cross Clan still celebrated their deceased ace pilot.

Though the Hemmington Cross was an impressive capital ship, Ves didn't think it was a good idea for the Cross Clan to retain her. Sure, she was able to hold even more mechs than the Antonio Cross, but the vessel looked incredibly slow.

All of that size and volume came at the detriment of armor and mobility. Ves didn't believe the Hemmington Cross was suited for the Red Ocean due to her lackluster survival ability. There were so many potential threats in the dwarf galaxy that the ability to run away quickly was an essential requirement!

"This is a prestige project. Maybe it makes sense for the Cross Clan to commission such an extravagant vessel, but now that they have degenerated into homeless wanderers, she's more trouble than she's worth."

The cost of operating and maintaining such an immense vessel was not cheap! Larger ships exponentially cost more to build and maintain.

As far as Ves was concerned, numerous smaller vessels could easily perform the same functions of the Hemmington Cross.

Though he wanted to supplement his fleet with additional capital ships, he never thought about getting his hands on vessels longer than his upcoming factory ship.

At two kilometers or less, a decent capital ship still scored adequately in terms of acceleration and maneuvering. If Ves wasn't satisfied with that, he wouldn't settle for a larger ship. He would get multiple modestly-sized ships instead.

His journeys through the frontier and the Nyxian Gap taught him that nothing mattered more than the ability to move. A more mobile fleet allowed his clan to outrun many dangers and waste less time in transit.

Aside from the formidable Cross Clan, no other fleet came close to matching its might. There was absolutely no reason to do so. Bringing too many carriers would only make the wedding hosts more nervous.

Many guests either traveled to the Cinach System on commercial superliners or modestly-sized frigates or yachts. Some of the more powerful organizations may have dispatched larger vessels escorted by numerous combat carriers, but their presence was hardly threatening due to their lack of unity.

The Wodins forced many guests to park their vessels in the orbit of other planets and moons. Keeping them far away ensured that none of them would suffer an 'accident' that just happened to drive them straight into the hexagon-shaped wedding platform or something.

Just as Ves and the arriving Larkinsons studied his guests, the guests studied the incoming fleet as well.

From the meager number of surviving Larkinson vessels to the large but fearsome bulk of the Gravada Knarlax, there was much to observe!

Escorted by General Alexandria Wodin's force and accompanied by several MTA vessels, the returning Larkinsons and their prize ships practically paraded their way to the inner system.

"Look at the size of that warship's guns…"

"Where are their expert pilots?"

"Who are those other Hexers?"

Due to the slow speed of the Gravada Knarlax, it took several days for the combined fleet to reach the orbit of Cinach VI.

Once there, Task Force Predator had officially returned!

As the arriving vessels slowly halted in their designated places, a large wave of heavy-duty passenger shuttles picked up most of the Larkinsons serving aboard the vessels.

Aside from the personnel who were still needed to keep the ships stable, a large amount of mech pilots, mech technicians, ratings and officers eagerly boarded the passenger shuttles!

Once the shuttles filled up their seats, they smoothly separated from the starships and descended to the surface of Cinach VI.

After landing on a broad field next to the temporary base of the Larkinson Clan, a huge number of clansmen and mechs who remained home enthusiastically welcomed the survivors home!

Cheers filled the air as family and friends each hugged and celebrated the returns!

The jubilation didn't last. Once the living returnees finished pouring out their emotions, it was time for the dead to emerge.

A large amount of coffins, most of which were empty, were steadily carried out of the shuttles by bots. Each and every Larkinson grew silent and maintained their utmost respect as the coffins floated past.

"So many coffins…"

"It could have been worse. Be glad that I didn't end up in one of them. It was very close at the end."

Though the homecoming ceremony ended on a rather subdued note, there was no other choice. The dead deserved to be remembered. Showing their coffins also reminded the Larkinsons that each struggle was accompanied by sacrifice.

As all of these reunions took place, Ves finally returned to the embrace of his soon-to-be wife.

Though he regularly remained in contact with his fiancé, no projection could ever replace the real deal.

"Ves!"

Gloriana, who wore a deep blue dress that was bedecked with dark jewels, eagerly walked up to Ves and pulled him into a hug. The two shared a passionate kiss. Their love hadn't abated at all during their separation!

"I'm finally back." Ves grinned as his lips parted from her own. "I won't be leaving anytime soon."

"You better." She giggled.

Her flowery scent intoxicated his nose. Her perfumes were so much more poignant when he met her in person.

While the Darkbreak module produced an excellent facsimile of Gloriana, physical projections lacked souls.

When he was close to Gloriana, he could sense and feel her love and devotion towards him. With the help of the spiritual fragment in her mind, Ves gained a much better read on her emotions. This allowed him to place a lot more trust in her than other people.

While the two lovers enjoyed each other's presence, their cats greeted each other as well.

"Meow!"

Lucky ran up to Clixie and nuzzled his nose in her fur.

"Miaow?"

Clixie looked confused at Lucky's changed appearance. Her paw lightly padded his darker metallic exterior. It no longer felt like bone.

"Meow meow!"

While the two cats familiarized themselves with each other again, their owners started to move towards a Hexer shuttle.

"Before we go home, let's visit my family. My mother has been dying to see you!" Gloriana happily spoke.

Ves briefly paused. "Wait, what? I'm not ready to meet her yet! Can we wait until tomorrow or something?"

"Don't be silly, Ves. You hardly need to make an appointment to meet her. Just go and talk with her, okay?"

She did not leave him with any choice. Ves slumped his shoulders. "Fine."

It would be rude not to meet her relatives. That said, his lack of enthusiasm caused him to enter the Hexer shuttle and take a seat as if he was on his way to his execution.

Though Gloriana did her best to cheer him up, Ves hardly felt reassured. After so much time, he was finally going to meet the Wodins in earnest!