Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2840 - New Promise

For a long time, the local authorities heavily restricted the amount of mechs the Golden Skull Alliance and the Infinity Guards were able to bring to the surface.

It wasn’t until very recently that Ves managed to persuade Master Werther Cline in loosening these restrictions for him. After all, he had become one of the most controversial mech designers in recent memory due to the widespread promotion of the controversial design duel.

Ves thought he’d be able to ship hundreds of mechs to the surface, but the reality was less than optimistic.

The mechs that emerged from Gentle Lotus Base only amounted to just twenty-eight mechs!

To be sure, this was much better than before. The Larkinsons, the Glory Seekers and the Cross Clan had only been allowed to bring a couple of mechs each. The Infinity Guards received a greater allowance, but only to a modest extent.

After the end of the first phase of the design duel, Master Cline pulled some strings to allow the different organizations to ship a couple more mechs to the surface.

The quantity was much less than everyone hoped, but at this point they were extremely vital in projecting a unified front against the refugee mechs!

While it seemed inconceivable for the paltry amount of mechs aligned to the Larkinson Clan to defeat a mob of 200 mechs, the former nonetheless projected a lot of strength!

The base defenders were all cohesive and unified. There was no doubt that their mech pilots would stand their ground and defend the base and its occupants at all costs!

The same determination was lacking from the refugees. The fact that they abandoned their previous homes and strongholds in order to attach themselves to a haphazard refugee train already indicated that they were lacking in courage.

In this regard, the ultralifers and the diehard rebels were much more superior! T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

In any case, the mechs deployed by the occupants of Gentle Lotus Base not only looked formidable due to their unity, but also their quality and distinctiveness.

Different from the biomechs employed by most refugee groups, the mechs utilized by the Golden Skull Alliance were all military-grade or equivalent to it! The quality of their armor systems, the power of their weapons and the discipline demonstrated by their mech pilots all made it clear that they were not to be trifled with! Each defending mech was at least four to ten times more expensive than the biomechs utilized by the refugees!

This was not a surprise to Ves. Second-class mechs were much less affordable on a relative basis. Their power was greater, but only wealthy people and organizations could afford to field and maintain them. If an outfit wasn’t good at generating revenue, then it could forget about fielding mechs!

The fact that every individual group in the refugee train was able to field a handful of mechs indicated that they were all good at something. Even if they looked rather shabby and pathetic right now, it would be a mistake for Ves to doubt their competence!

"It will be quite difficult to manage them all." Ves muttered.

When the bioshuttle carrying Ves, Vincent and his honor guard arrived at the entrance of the base, the Larkinsons gladly let the vehicle inside!

The first action he took after emerging out of the shuttle was to invite the Roving Hunters inside.

He requested the Roving Hunter personnel to leave their vehicles and line up in front of him. Although Captain Rivington did not feel comfortable in doing so, he nonetheless exited the c.o.c.kpit of the Taragon.

"What’s this all about, Mr. Larkinson?" The fit team leader looked puzzled.

"Before, I promised that you would have a place in our clan. I intend to keep this promise. Are you still willing to become a part of my clan?"

The Roving Hunters looked at each other. Most of them eventually looked up at Captain Rivington. His men trusted in their leader to make the right choice!

While the man weighed this important decision, Ves issued a couple of orders.

Nitaa approached and handed the Larkinson Mandate over to him. When his gauntlets held the heavy tome, he felt Goldie’s care and concern.

"I’m fine." Ves communicated to her in a spiritual fashion. "I’ll need your help, though. If we want to make it out of this place alive, we can’t do it alone. We need to gain the cooperation of as many locals as possible, and the only reliable way to do so is to induct them into the Larkinson Clan."

Nyaaa?

"I know it will be difficult, but I hope you can do your best to welcome all of these newcomers. Don’t be afraid to.. exert more effort into making them recognize the glory of our clan. I don’t want any second-guessers in our midst."

Ves knew that Goldie could be counted upon to handle the influx of new ’recruits’. However, even she had limits. The effect she could exert on someone’s minds was subtle.

No amount of persuasion would be able to convince stronger-willed people and fanatics!

While he did not think there were many of these kinds of people amongst the refugees, Ves already knew that the Lifers were awfully stubborn in certain matters.

Just like the Ylvainans, they would continue to hold onto their principles no matter if they did not fall in line with the Larkinson Clan!

Considering their origin, Ves could already predict that much of the new recruits would insist on utilizing biomechs and biotechnology in their daily lives.

This was very problematic as the Larkinson Clan currently didn’t possess many accommodations for this tech base. The only exception was the recent acquisition of the Dragon’s Den.

At least the clan managed to rush the capital ship swap!

"Mr. Larkinson?" Captain Rivington spoke up again. "After thinking about it, we would like to go through with it as long as you can give us an assurance."

"What is your request?"

"Will you continue to allow us to pilot biomechs? We have trained in piloting biomechs all our lives. While we can all pilot classical mechs to a degree, we aren’t as good with them. If your clan doesn’t allow us to pilot our preferred kind of mechs, then maybe it’s best to go our separate ways."

That was an outcome that Ves did not want to see! Captain Rivington was not only a reliable comrade in battle, but he was also a level-headed leader.

Ves intended to put him in charge of the Lifer refugees who joined the clan. With someone like him looking after the people he knew best, he could solve a lot of problems without spilling over!

This was a significant decision. Fortunately, Ves had already weighed the matter beforehand.

"I can agree to that." Ves gently nodded. "You may not know this, but we recently acquired a capital-class bioresearch ship originally built in the LRA. With this new vessel, we can provide enough support for a decent force of biomechs. As the patriarch of the Larkinson Clan, I can promise to you that biomechs will definitely have a place in our mech roster. We can flesh out the details later, but with our new capital ship, I can assure you that biomechs will not be an afterthought!"

"What about mech designers, sir? While I was initially okay with piloting commercial biomech models, now that I have seen all of your mechs up close, I feel that ordinary biomechs are too inadequate. Will you be able to provide us with high-quality biomechs designed in-house?"

That was a sharp question. Ves didn’t expect Captain Rivington to note this important detail.

"I don’t specialize in designing biomechs, but I can hire those that do." Ves honestly replied. "In fact, a local Journeyman who specialized in designing cyborg mechs is supposed to join my clan, but now that this state has become embroiled in war, I might have to look elsewhere."

The team leader looked steadily at Ves’ armored form before nodding. "That’s good enough for me. Since you’re a mech designer, you should know better than a bureaucrat why it’s important to supply us with biomechs. We’ll become very upset if you can’t fulfill this need."

"Oh, you don’t have to remind me. Now, if you have no more questions, please step forward."

The Golden Cat did not exert too much effort to connect Captain Rivington to the Larkinson Network. This indicated that the man genuinely accepted the clan in his heart!

"Welcome to the Larkinson Clan. How do you feel?"

"I.. I never imagined it would be like this. If you weren’t a Lifer, I would have thought for sure you’re a local specialist!"

Ves awkwardly chuckled. "Well, I did win a design duel that was held in order to settle the question of whose living mechs are better. My research and understanding of life is much different from that of a typical biomech designer. I have applied some of my insights in surprising applications. What you just feel right now is just a taste of what our clan has to offer to its members."

While Captain Rivington was immersed with the novel sensation of becoming a part of the Larkinson Network, Ves proceeded to induct the other members of his competitive team into the clan.

To his surprise, not every member of the Roving Hunter passed Goldie’s test. The most prominent person that felt very reluctant to abandon their old identities and start over in an entirely different organization was Oliver Vlambeer, the mech pilot of the Optimon!

"Oliver.. why?" Captain Rivington softly asked.

The rookie mech pilot looked apologetic. "I’m sorry, boss, but the LRA is still my home. I know that everything is getting worse at the moment, but that makes it even more important for mech pilots such as myself to remain in the state. Once the people at the top solve their argument, our state needs a lot of help to climb back up to its old level."

Both Ves and Captain Rivington sighed. This was a noble sentiment and maybe a naive one as well. It just so happened Oliver Vlambeer was still young enough to hold romantic notions about his mech piloting career.

Ves shrugged. "If this is what you wish, then we won’t insist. Just make sure you are aware that you and your fellow doubters are separate from the comrades who have accepted our offer. They are Larkinsons now, not Roving Hunters, although I don’t mind if they continue to call themselves that. What matters is that you aren’t on the same side anymore. Do you understand?"

Oliver reluctantly nodded. He already noted that Captain Rivington, Carlie Jenten and many of the biomech technicians gained an entirely different demeanor after they went through the induction ritual.

Even though the young mech athlete had only joined the Roving Hunters a short time ago, he already knew his comrades well enough to notice such a significant change.

It was clear that the joiners were already sincere in their intentions to live a different life!

Captain Rivington moved over to hug Oliver and pat his shoulder. "Hey, I don’t begrudge your decision. If you want to stick with the LRA, then that is your business."

"Our door is still open." Ves gently said to Oliver and the other refusers. "You can reunite with Captain Rivington and your old comrades at any time. Until then, please take note of our base restrictions. As guests, we can’t allow you to bring your mechs past our walls. I’m afraid that your Optimon can only be parked outside."

"I understand. We won’t break the rules."