Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2945: Contributing Gem

While Gloriana happily discussed with Venerable Brutus about his upcoming expert mechs, Ves faced a very different problem.

After discovering that invaders had wrecked the security room of the floor he was on, he had the illusion that the situation was spinning out of control.

He was still far from reaching the core lab section that housed Special Project ’V’, but the way forward was essentially barred by at least one group of armored soldiers!

Due to the unusual layout of the pinnacle lab, there was no way to circle around them. In fact, Ves not only had to worry about bumping into the soldiers who were previously engaged in fighting, he also had to guard against encountering other people stationed elsewhere in the lab!

Ves briefly gathered his team in order to discuss their current situation. He projected a simple cube and pointed at the bottom.

"The layout of this facility looks like this I think. When we initially entered the teleportation portal, we emerged at the bottom. After walking across the lab, we managed to reach another portal that took us to the next floor."

He tapped the projection, causing it to divide into several different horizontal layers.

"I’m not really sure how many floors we are dealing with here, but from my own guesses, we’re probably dealing with at least five floors. Now that we have entered the fourth floor, we have discovered the presence of other people. These unknowns have likely entered the pinnacle lab from the main entrance that is very likely situated at the top."

He pointed at the top floor, which featured at least two different gates.

"While we haven’t confirmed the identities of the unknowns at the moment, my guess is that we are dealing with the soldiers dispatched from the opposing sides of the civil war that has engulfed the LRA. Much of the fighting taking place across Prosperous Hill VI can be explained if the factions were fighting over this pinnacle lab. The leaders of the conservative faction and the opposition faction are all fighting over the high-grade life-prolonging serum that the Supreme Sage must have managed to produce!"

"In other words, their goal is the same as yours." Nitaa remarked with a grim tone.

Ves sighed. "That’s the most likely possibility here. From the research documents I managed to skim over, Special Project ’V’ has reached a fairly advanced stage. I can infer that the Supreme Sage has already succeeded in producing a form of high-grade life-prolonging treatment serum. The only problem is that the yield is too low. He set up Project Cain in order to find a way to increase the conversion rate of the key ingredient required to make the serum."

This was quite an impressive accomplishment, especially when the Supreme Sage probably wasn’t a spiritual engineer! He was able to overcome many difficulties and solve problems that would have stumped any other biotech researcher. Ves had gained a much greater appreciation of the Supreme Sage’s incredibly deep knowledge and problem-solving capabilities.

He no longer wondered why many citizens of the Life Research Association worshipped this great researcher.

In any case, the value of high-grade life-prolonging treatment serum was so great that Ves saw no possibility of cooperation with any of the parties that had managed to enter the pinnacle lab.

He didn’t foresee encountering anyone who would be willing to cooperate with his team. He had to assume that everyone else was a competitor.

Fortunately, the other people in the facility had yet to discover the presence of his exploration team. This was his greatest advantage and one that he did not intend to let go. After all, he didn’t set out to take over the lab or monopolize all of the research. He just wanted to get in, get his stuff, and get out as soon as possible!

The fact that his modest objective happened to be the most valuable treasure in the entire lab was very troublesome though.

Even if Ves managed to circumvent the other parties taking part in the treasure hunt and retrieve his prize, as long as he leaked his identity, it didn’t matter whether he would be able to return to his airfleet!

It was easy enough for the established factions to track Ves down after he left the pinnacle lab. Ves could already envision the arrival of thousands of mechs! Against the overwhelming might of the established factions on the planet, there was no way for him to cling onto the serum he obtained after taking lots of risks.

He might as well not take the risk of advancing any further if that was the most likely outcome of trying to compete over the life-prolonging serum!

After discussing their options, the team did not manage to find a good way to proceed without revealing their identities or avoiding a violent confrontation against the people who invaded the lab weeks before. The original invaders enjoyed too much of a head start for Ves to match their efforts.

"Why don’t we simply turn back?" Dr. Perris suggested. "We are no match against the ruling powers of the LRA. The serum that you are eying is tainted with the blood of expert pilots. I don’t think it is right for us to make use of it. Besides, you’re still young, patriarch. You’ll have to wait centuries before you can actually make use of the serum. Why not wait for another opportunity?"

"There are more uses to the serum than extending our lives." Ves replied. "Also, just because the Supreme Sage made use of expert pilot brains to make his serum doesn’t mean we should avoid it. Think of what the other Lifer researchers will do if they gain access to all of this tainted research. If the conservatives or opposition gain access to everything associated with Project Cain and Special Project ’V’, do you think that they will do what is right or do what is best for themselves?" 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Avalon Perris couldn’t help but lower her head when faced with this question. "They may choose to make use of the existing serum, but I don’t believe they will go as far as defiling the remains of expert pilots."

"Are you sure about that?" Ves snorted and crossed his arms. "Previously, you thought that the Supreme Sage would never descend to this level. You were wrong. If even the greatest biotech researcher has given in to temptation, how will his lessers fare any better? I bet that one of the greatest reasons why Master Leehay Brixton is so enthusiastic about starting the Supreme Revolution is because he found out about this pinnacle lab and became pissed when the conservatives refused to give him a share!"

He had never been fully convinced that this civil war was all about changing the direction of the Life Research Association. While there were plenty of rebels who believed in the cause, the leaders of the opposition factions shouldn’t have been swayed by high-sounding ideals alone.

When Master Brixton initially revealed the true state of the Supreme Sage after the conclusion of the design duel, he deliberately referenced ongoing attempts by the conservatives to ’revive’ the Supreme Sage.

Was this what the conservatives attempted to do in this lab? Was his body being stored somewhere in this lab?

Ves eyed the living gem in his possession. If the Supreme Sage’s body was stored in another part of the lab, then that explained why his newest gem was so eager about leading him on. Perhaps the spiritual remnant of the Supreme Sage sought to reunite with its origin!

He temporarily ignored everyone else and pulled out his gem. "I think it’s time you came clean with us. Are you trying to get back to life?"

The gem froze for a few seconds before trying to bop up and down. This was its equivalent of a nod.

"Thank you for being honest. I thought as much. Unfortunately, I can’t oblige your wish. We are under no obligation to restore you to life. It’s none of our business, you see."

The gem obviously didn’t like to hear that. It violently shook his grasp. It was too bad that its strength was way too weak to escape his fingers.

Ves huffed at the response. "For a remnant of a highly-accomplished scientist, you sure are stupid. Do you really think we can proceed forward in this kind of situation? The risks are too great and I don’t want to give those blasted factions any reasons to hunt us all down. They are still in control over the planet and star system. There is no way I can escape their pursuit if they find out about us. I would rather follow the suggestion made by Dr. Perris and turn back. I’m already happy with the research data that we have managed to collect up until now. There is no reason to let our greed lead us to our doom."

He was not lying. The research data of Project Cain was a pleasant surprise to him. It was incredibly valuable for him to learn of a crucial aspect in the production of high-grade life-prolonging serum.

While he would not be able to synthesize the serum in its entirety without obtaining the corresponding research files related to Special Project ’V’, he already obtained a lot of clues.

It was not impossible for Dr. Ranya and the Larkinson Biotech Institute to find other useful applications by combining the theory and results of Project Cain with his own theories on spirituality!

Yet even as he started to turn around, he kept paying close attention to the actions of his gem. Once he started to take a few steps towards the exit, the Supreme Comprehension gem began to shake as if it had something urgent to say!

Ves inwardly smiled. His negotiation ploy succeeded. He hadn’t actually given up on Special Project ’V’ and the serum. He was just tired of forging on ahead alone while his stupid gem sat back like a boss who just delegated all of the hard work to his minions.

After a bit of shaking, the gem tried to lead him out of the ruined security room. Ves cautiously followed its directions, making sure that he didn’t get too close to the site where the unknown soldiers recently fought.

They eventually entered a lab room that was larger than the ones he entered before.

"What is this?!"

Ves, Dr. Perris and his honor guard all looked vigilantly at the multitude of large cylindrical tanks spread across the compartment. They counted fifty of these large and prominent objects!

Compared to the vats that Ves encountered before, the tanks in this new space were larger and more massive. They also weren’t transparent, so none of the Larkinsons could see what was inside.

"What kind of exobeasts are stored in these tanks?" Perris wondered.

"Well, whatever they are, the creatures inside are probably as big as an elephant."

Despite the large quantity of ominous-looking preservation tanks, they didn’t spot any immediate threats. This was just one of many abandoned research labs.

"Let’s see what this place is all about."

Ves and Dr. Perris immediately approached a terminal and used their access pass to log into the local database.

They soon discovered why this lab might be useful to them. They looked shocked as they figured out how they could make use of the experimental subjects to accomplish a breakthrough!

Ves turned to his gem. "Can you really revive them and unleash them onto the opposition? What if they turn against us first?"

The gem shook and pointed at his access pass. Evidently, the passes provided to the Larkinsons would help prevent this possibility.

Though Ves had plenty of doubts, he felt this was a good way to allow him to forge ahead.

"Let’s do this, then."

With the combined efforts of Ves, his gem and Dr. Perris, they began to manipulate some of the controls. They activated and tweaked all kinds of settings before pressing a prominent red button.

A brief alarm rang across the hall as the tanks started to shake and the liquids inside started to boil.

Soon enough, the tanks started to slide open. The floor started to shake as fifty large humanoid organic machines emerged from the containers. Their solitary eyes glowed red as they automatically sought each other out and gathered into a mob.

Then, they roared in unison, causing the entire room to get blasted by their monstrously thunderous cries!

If the Larkinsons weren’t wearing helmets that could automatically dampen excessive noise, they might have lost their hearing!

"So this is Project Cyclops!" Ves spoke.

As soon as these biological monstrosities rallied together, they completely ignored the presence of the Larkinsons and simultaneously surged towards the exit.

They were storming right in the direction where the soldiers had previously fought!