Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3186: Worthiness

Imon Ingvar looked up at one of the most special and unique mechs in the Larkinson Clan.

Though it had been overshadowed by the prime mechs and the expert mechs in recent times, there was no doubt that it was still one of the most unique and impressive mechs that the patriarch had ever designed and built.

Still, as much as Imon enjoyed the privilege of piloting this great and powerful machine, he felt it was not the mech that matched him the best.

Soon, his turn would come to an end. The mech would be passed on to another expert candidate to see whether it could assist in helping them break through.

"Brother."

"Sister."

A caped woman wearing a light grey uniform with officer markings had entered the small hangar bay of the Graveyard and approached the dormant mech.

"It's been a while since I saw the Quint." She remarked.

"It's been a while since I saw you, Casella."

The woman whose bearing had become a lot more authoritative as of late loosened her posture a bit and shrugged. "There are always issues that need to be dealt with in the Living Sentinels. Transitioning from a mech force into a more formal and structured mech legion has given me a lot of work. We're settling in now, fortunately. I have enough time to pick up my mech practice again."

Imon frowned when he heard that. "It's not right for you to neglect your practice in favor of administrative duties. We're expert candidates. We are one step away from becoming a true hero."

"There's no rush. I am already fulfilling my calling, brother. While I don't mind getting anything extra, I'm more than content with leading the Living Sentinels. There is more than one way to contribute to our clan. What I like about my fellow clansmen is that they don't force me to follow a single path."

Though Imon had more to say about her lack of priority, he refrained from speaking any further. He knew her well enough that she would never change her mind just because he had a different opinion.

"Well, the Quint is yours now, at least for the time being." He said as he dramatically waved his hand at the masterwork mech. "I've been taking good care of it and a part of me will miss it. There's a real difference between piloting a masterwork mech and a more normal machine."

"What is different about it?" She curiously asked.

"Well, I don't know what the mech designers have been doing to the Quint, but it is considerably more powerful than an average Bright Warrior. No matter what configuration you choose to sortie with, you'll always feel like a champion when you go out with this mech."

"I imagine a large part of that is because it used to be piloted by Venerable Joshua."

Imon nodded. "It's a living mech that has definitely kept something from its original pilot. It's difficult to describe, but I just feel I can execute my moves a little better. Compared to other living mechs, this one is definitely a lot more alive."

"It sounds as if it can be a great help to any expert candidates. Are you regretting the fact that you have to pass it on? If you want, I can talk to Commandant Cristoph or General Verle on your behalf. I don't particularly need a turn with this masterwork mech."

"You don't need to do that, sister. The Quint hasn't worked out for me, but I think it will fare better in your hands."

"How so?" Casella looked curious at her brother. "I would have thought a strong mech is just to your liking."

"I thought so as well, but that was before I actually got to pilot this mech. It's powerful alright, but it's not a machine that is meant to be piloted by someone like me. I can feel it each time I use it. The Quint has a bit of a personality, you see. Every living mech does, but this one is a lot smarter and pickier than usual."

"Oh."

"You'll experience it for yourself soon. Don't try to hide anything from it. You'll be connecting to the mech so it will know who you are and whether you are hiding something from it. Just bare your entire self to it and let it judge your worthiness."

Casella began to look doubtful. "This sounds quite different from what I expected. Is this mech really…?"

"I don't think you'll have to worry that much, sister. The Quint is a masterwork mech that feels as if it is dedicated to protecting our clansmen. Since you are already doing that as the Sentinel Commander, you'll probably get along better with it. I look forward to seeing you pilot it for the first time."

"Well, there's little point in delaying it any further. I have other duties on my agenda."

She moved to the ready room and changed into a piloting suit before she returned. She floated to the open cockpit and entered it before it closed.

Deep inside the old but majestic Quint, Casella felt a moderate pressure on her psyche. There was a good reason why the masterwork mech was restricted to expert candidates, and it wasn't because it was too precious.

Ordinary mech pilots simply couldn't withstand the pressure of its dense and heavy glow!

It was especially risky when they attempted to interface with such a powerful living mech. The patriarch had told the clan in no uncertain terms that mechs as powerful as the Quint were not meant for normal mech pilots.

"There will be more mechs like this one." Casella predicted.

After a brief pause, she resolutely activated and interfaced with the mech.

A torrent of data and energy that was more overwhelming than any mech she had piloted before poured straight into her mind!

Her eyes widened as her lack of practice was haunting her at this moment. She never endured such a strong and forceful interfacing attempt!

She almost cried out as the pressure was starting to overwhelm her capabilities. Yet before she could press the abort button or call for assistance, her entire consciousness seemed to have been whisked away from her head.

In one moment, she was sitting in the cockpit of the Quint.

In the next moment, she was floating in some kind of digital realm that sparked with data and energy.

"Am I… hallucinating?"

She half-thought that she was tripping on something as she entered a strange state. Though she felt that she was still lucid and conscious, a vague haze had settled over her mind.

She tried to look down on herself only to realize that her body wasn't present. It was as if only a portion of herself had been brought to this strange and unusual realm.

As Casella slowly tried to make sense of her current condition, a glowing green point began to approach her position. It grew larger and larger until a green comet that dwarfed anything inside this realm slowed and stopped in front of her apparent vision!

The green ball exuded a mixture of calming and pleasant emotions. She recognized it as the unique glow of the Quint. Not only did she feel the warmth of family, but also the joy of life. These two influences combined together to shape the life that defined the masterwork mech.

Now, it was facing Casella directly.

Though she didn't possess a mouth, Casella attempted to say something. Surprisingly, she could hear her own voice, if not exactly in a normal way.

"Are you… the Quint?"

The giant green orb did not seem to respond. It merely hovered close to her consciousness while subjecting her with its powerful glow.

"Am I being judged?"

YOU ARE.

Casella almost let out an undignified screech! She had faced many horrible opponents in battle, but the Quint's response had definitely given her a fright!

The power of the Quint along with the way it communicated directly with her mind caused this conversation to gain a degree of intimacy and solemnity that was far beyond anything she experienced!

"Am I… worthy to pilot you?"

The green orb continued to exude a warm and welcoming glow, but its attitude did not make Casella feel very reassured.

CASELLA INGVAR-LARKINSON.

"Yes, Quint?"

WHY DO YOU PILOT MECHS?

"I pilot a mech to protect my clan. Our clan."

The orb flew closer.

BEFORE YOU BECAME A LARKINSON, YOU WERE AN INGVAR. TELL ME, YOUNG COMMANDER. WOULD YOU RATHER GIVE UP ON THE CLAN AND RETURN TO HOUSE INGVAR?

Casella was just about to give the most diplomatic response she could muster in a short amount of time, but she briefly recalled her brother's advice.

The Quint was directly connected to her. It could see whether she was lying or obfuscating the truth.

The mech was probably judging her at the moment. It would not only be wrong, but also dishonorable for her to lie to her own living mech.

As someone who might have to depend on the Quint to help her in battle one day, she had to build up a sincere rapport with her mech. Whether she was allowed to keep this masterwork mech or not, she did not want to add another disgraceful memory to her mind.

"To be absolutely honest… I regret much about the fall of House Ingvar. If the Royal House of the Black Poppy hadn't conspired to destroy my house and cut off my road to return, I would have never agreed to join the Larkinson Clan. My real family, my real home was back in the territories of House Ingvar. I am grateful for the clan for taking me in and finding a new place for me, but I am just a girl trying to pick herself up and find a second home among the Larkinsons. I'm happy here, and I genuinely consider my fellow Larkinsons to be my brothers and sisters, but… I wish I could have still been an Ingvar."

She felt ashamed for admitting the feelings that she had buried deep in her heart. Casella wasn't sure whether her brother felt the same way. He was also a loyal son of House Ingvar, though perhaps his time with the Larkinsons had caused him to forget his past attachment.

Several minutes passed by, though Casella wasn't sure about that. Her perception of time wasn't exactly clear while she was locked in this strange realm.

The giant green orb retreated a bit. Though it still exuded the same kind of warmth and vitality, the additional distance caused her to miss the old intensity.

CASELLA INGVAR-LARKINSON.

"Yes, Quint?"

YOU ARE NOT THE MECH PILOT I SEEK.

"Oh…"

A crushing sense of disappointment overcame her mind. Even though she had done the right thing by admitting her true thoughts, apparently it wasn't enough for her to be sincere.

THE LARKINSON CLAN DOES NOT CARE ABOUT YOUR PAST, NOR YOUR FORMER LOYALTIES.

THE LARKINSON CLAN ONLY CARES ABOUT YOUR DEDICATION AND YOUR WILLINGNESS TO SACRIFICE YOURSELF FOR YOUR FELLOW LARKINSONS.

ARE YOU WILLING TO SACRIFICE YOUR LIFE TO SAVE YOUR CLANSMEN?

"I am." She answered in a firmer tone than before. Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

No matter what lingering sentiments she held towards her fallen house, she was a Larkinson now. Not only that, she was a soldier and commander. As a Living Sentinel, it was her duty to protect the Larkinsons!

ARE YOU WILLING TO SACRIFICE THE LIFE OF YOUR BROTHER TO SAVE THOUSANDS OF OTHERS CLANSMEN?

What!?

This was a difficult question. As much as she wanted to respond with a righteous-sounding answer, she knew that there was only one true answer in her heart.

Yet just before she voiced her response, a sudden inspiration entered her mind.

"I… will never let my brother and any other clansmen fall." She answered with a firmer tone. "I will seek to prevent a situation where I have to choose between the two. No matter which Larkinson is at risk, each of them are equally worthy of protection. I would rather take action myself and risk my own life if that is what it takes to save both my brother and every other Larkinson!"

The green orb began to pulse. Warmth and vitality seemed to flow in her consciousness as she felt more close to the Quint than ever!

VERY WELL. THE LARKINSON CLAN NEEDS A MECH PILOT LIKE YOU. GO NOW AND FULFILL YOUR GOAL WITH MY BLESSING.

Before Casella could say anything more, she was suddenly ejected from this strange digital realm.

As her consciousness returned to her body, the Quint seemed to sing to her in a way that directly touched her heart!

Imon, who was observing the initial activation from a distance, began to smile as he felt the Quint exude a stronger and more harmonious glow.

"I knew you could do it, sister."