Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3192: Demanding Patriarch

Professor Benedict brought up a good point.

After completing a couple of expert mech design projects, Ves and his colleagues became more and more aware of the importance of having good expert mech component designs on hand.

Unlike ordinary mech component designs, the ones geared towards expert mechs were a lot harder to come by. Although the MTA offered a relatively bland selection of standard components that were appropriate for expert mechs, the good stuff was noticeably absent.

The fact of the matter was that expert mechs and anything related to it was considered a matter of strategic interest. Any advantage that a state gained in an aspect of expert mechs provided it with a powerful advantage that might make a meaningful difference in any conflicts.

It would be stupid for a Hexer mech designer to develop an excellent mech component only to enable the Fridaymen to license this new product!

This was why it had become a custom for developers to limit their public offerings to older and outdated expert mech parts. If the Larkinson Clan didn't initially gain access to Hexer components, then he would have been forced to make use of lower-performing alternatives that were at least a generation out of date.

Would his expert mechs still be strong? Certainly. They just wouldn't be able to keep up with rival expert mechs as well.

There were many different factors that determined the performance of an expert mech. The quality of its components was an immense influence that always determined the foundation of any mech, so being able to partner up with a friendly developer that could provide the parts his clan needed was quite convenient.

Of course, it would be even better if the Larkinson Clan could take care of its own business, but that was not viable at this stage.

There was no one in the Larkinson Clan that possessed an advantage in this area. He himself was responsible for turning the LMC into a success and all of the Lifers his clan picked up from the LRA were the key to turning the Larkinson Biotech Institute into a promising new business venture. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Unless Ves was able to pick up an entire component development company somewhere, there was little hope that his clan would be able to catch up with the Crossers anytime soon.

From a broader perspective, this kind of development would probably continue to take place. Neither the Larkinsons nor the Crossers were large enough to cover every industry. Within a solid alliance, it made much more sense for every partner to focus on what they were good at and rely on others to service their other needs.

Ves did not mind it if that happened, though eventually the Larkinson Clan really had to learn how to take care of its own needs. It did not have to be as good as the market leaders in every sector, but his clansmen should at least be able to develop its most essential expert mech parts for security reasons.

"When will you be able to provide us with a full lineup of mech components?" Ves asked.

"It will probably take up to five years for us to build up an expansive catalog." Professor Benedict said after a brief moment. "We have already gathered several teams of capable and experienced developers that I have managed to poach from other companies, but it still takes months and years to design new component designs that are actually better than what we have. Technological progress cannot be rushed, particularly when it has already reached an advanced stage."

As a mech designer, Ves fully understood what the Senior was talking about. That was the great thing about speaking with other mech designers. Their shared language and understanding was so great that they could easily dispense with the nonsense that they had to bring up when they talked to other people.

Of course, as their discussion became increasingly more technical, Patriarch Reginald was feeling increasingly more left out. His force of will eventually flared, causing the other two to halt.

"Patriarch Larkinson." The expert pilot addressed his guest. "You and your people can discuss business matters with us at a later date. I had a different purpose in mind when I invited you over. Since our last meeting, you've managed to build up quite an impressive track record when it comes to designing expert mech. In my judgement, the Dark Zephyr that has been zipping about is an impressive disruptor, while the Amaranto's firepower is incredibly helpful from what little I have been able to observe. I hear that you are just about to add a pair of additional expert mechs to your lineup."

Ves nodded. This was hardly a secret to his allies. They needed to know at least some details so that they could take these new additions into account when they made their battle plans.

"Correct. While we're here in Amswick, I plan to fabricate an expert spearman mech and an expert swordsman mech. Although they are both offensive machines, they are meant to adopt different approaches in battle. The former is more capable of fighting head-on while the latter is more suitable as a flanker."

"Hmmm, that fits with the fighting styles of Venerable Orfan and Venerable Dise. I have great respect for both of them. Of course, I am more hopeful for your younger expert pilots. Venerable Joshua particularly sparks my interest. Out of all of your expert pilots, his love for mechs is more pure."

That was a considerable endorsement from the most expert pilot in the expeditionary fleet. Ves smiled in response.

"Thank you for that. I hope to nurture each of our expert pilots into great heroes, and providing them with the right mechs is the first step to doing so. Our Design Department is already more than halfway through with finishing our current round of mech design projects."

Patriarch Benedict faintly became more excited when he heard that. It was obvious to track the changes to his mood because his force of will so obviously radiated his strongest emotions like an open book.

"Have you considered the matter of designing my new expert mech?"

Ves nodded. "I've already put some thought behind this commission, but most of my attention is taken up by my existing projects. I hope you understand that those come first. Once I am done with them, I will have plenty of time to think about other projects."

"When will that take?"

"Hmmm… four months, give or take. Once we complete our last two expert mech designs, I will have plenty of time in my schedule to embark on other projects."

"Will you be able to deliver a masterwork expert mech for me?" Patriarch Reginald abruptly asked as his anticipation caused the air to become more charged. "I greatly admire your Amaranto. It is a true ranged fighting machine beyond compare. If you are able to supply me with a masterwork mech, I will readily pledge eternal friendship and support to you for as long as I live!"

Ves tried his best to stay calm when the aggressive expert pilot was practically distorting his entire surroundings with his will.

It was as if the expert pilot wanted to force Ves into saying yes!

"Uhm… creating a masterwork expert mech was just a fluke. Just ask the professor over here how likely it is for me to repeat my success."

The Senior couldn't allow his nominal superior to continue this pursuit. He slowly placed his hand on Reginald's shoulder.

"We've talked about this already. The young Larkinson mech designers have already defied expectations once. Each of them are far from being able to fabricate masterwork mechs on demand. If even I can't do it, how can you expect our guest to do any better?"

Patriarch Reginald threw Professor Benedict a peculiar look.

This was the problem with letting laymen talk about mech design. While Patriarch Reginald no doubt possessed a greater understanding of mechs than the average person, he was not a mech designer and did not understand all of the effort it took to create some of the best mechs of someone's career.

"You should trust your resident mech designer, Reginald." Ves softly said. "Forcing us won't get you anywhere. A mech will either become a masterwork or not. It would be great if we can succeed, but even if we aren't able to elevate the quality of your expert mech to the top, it should still be high enough to provide you with greater support than your current mech."

Though the Cross Patriarch did not wish to accept this answer, he was smart enough to know that reality wasn't in his favor. He subsided his oppressive will and slumped a bit on his chair.

"I expect you to do your utmost to satisfy my needs. That is why I am willing to ally with your clan and that is also why I allow my clan to accompany your fleet as you make your way into this hazardous region."

"I wouldn't call the Vulcan Empire a hazardous region."

"It is to people like us. I don't like it. Can you tell us straight why you want to bring your entire clan into the most dangerous star sector in this region of space?"

Ves found it ridiculous to compare the Smiling Samuel Star Sector to perilous places like the Nyxian Gap. It wasn't as if the former was occupied by murderous scum, lethal space-time anomalies and horrendously powerful dark gods!

He briefly thought about how much he should reveal. He supposed the Cross Clan deserved to know a bit of the truth considering that they were willing to risk their lives to stick with his clan.

"I'm on a mission of sorts." Ves reluctantly said. "A very big mech designer who is much more powerful than you can imagine has found out that someone left a certain… package behind. Now, back then, Smiling Samual hadn't turned into a dwarf-dominated star sector like today, so it has become a lot more challenging than usual for someone trustworthy tobe able to retrieve this package. That is where I come in. My task is to get in, retrieve the package and get out. It's as simple as that. I have no intention of staying in the Vulcan Empire any longer than necessary."

The two Crossers took in his words. Though they were wondering who exactly issued this mission to Ves and what kind of package merited so much attention, they knew better than to ask any further.

"Why you?" Patriarch Reginald asked instead. "Why not hand this responsibility to someone else? If this individual is as powerful as you imply, I'm sure he can contact the dwarves directly."

Ves shrugged. "Who knows. I can't give you any answers on this. All I know is that I have to retrieve the package in person. In order for me to do that, I have to bring the rest of my clan along as even I don't think it is wise to enter a dwarf country alone."

It still wasn't a wise decision, but none of the three bothered to mention the obvious.

Reginald tapped his armrest. "I don't feel reassured. We cannot abandon you and let you enter Smiling Samuel alone, but our Crossers aren't willing to die for a cause they have no part of. I cannot ask my soldiers to make the ultimate sacrifice just to satisfy your personal ambitions."

"I… understand." Ves slowly said. "I would feel the same if I was in your shoes. It's not easy to lead a clan."

"Just so." Reginald briefly smiled. "Now, I can do something about this, but only if you give me a reason to persuade my men to go along with your latest scheme. Are you able to do that, Larkinson?"

Ah. Ves finally got it. The Cross Patriarch wanted to negotiate with him. If Ves and his clan wasn't able to cough up anything worthwhile, then the Cross Clan might not decide to back the Larkinsons up in their upcoming venture.

Ves had to think carefully on what he had to say next.