Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Chapter 3194: The Forgotten Aspect

On the surface, the Cross Clan was made up of a large number of soldiers who only knew how to fight and how to prepare for fights. They did not give anyone the impression that they actually maintained an effective intelligence operation.

The history of the Cross Clan and most notably its fall also did not show any indication that it was good in this area. The stereotypical Garlener disdained trickery and subterfuge and he couldn't imagine that the Crossers suddenly gained a lot of competence in this area.

It just wasn't possible for them to turn one of their weaknesses into a strength so quickly.

However, when Ves turned his attention to Professor Benedict Cortez, he felt he might have found the answer to this

One thing was for sure. Ves seriously needed to have a good conversation with Calabast after this meeting. Had she missed this recent development? Or was it none of her fault?

Ves felt pretty confident about the security situation of his fleet after the Black Cats acquired the Blinding Banshee. Yet what about before the acquisition of this espionage ship? Perhaps the Cross Clan managed to take advantage of the security holes that existed prior to the recent improvement in security. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

He briefly turned to Professor Benedict. What if the change didn't come from the original Crossers, but a powerful newcomer who possessed a different outlook?

It was not that hard to imagine that a pirate designer like the Skull Architect set up his own network of informants. His entry into the Cross Clan was the most viable explanation why the Crossers had become a lot more capable in gathering useful intelligence.

He could contemplate all of that later. First, he had to get past this moment. He should have brought Shederin Purnesse along. The entire reason why he appointed the old man to foreign affairs minister was so that he could let the professionals handle talks like these!

Right now, he had to decide how much he could afford to reveal. While the existence of this statue was rather sensitive, he didn't actually mind it that much if one of his allies found out about it. Out of all of the secrets in his closet, this one wasn't that big of a deal, especially since it was defective.

This was why he decided to come clean. In any case, the Cross Clan was still a friend and he also needed its support in the times to come. If he could increase their commitment to the alliance in exchange for exposing one of his less important secrets, then that was still a favorable transaction!

"The Aspect of Transcendence is deeply flawed." Ves reluctantly explained. "I don't know how you have heard of it, but it and every other Aspect of Lufa is based around principles that I don't even understand. The nature of my creations is so esoteric and metaphysical that my control over them is tenuous at best. This is one of the downsides to trying to create 'living' products."

Professor Benedict nodded in agreement. "I did notice that in your work. The glows of your characteristic mech designs don't seem to come from you. I have long speculated that you are using your design philosophy as a vehicle to leverage the power of other metaphysical phenomena."

That… was quite an accurate description. Senior Mech Designers really shouldn't be underestimated, especially someone who no doubt performed extensive analyses on his work.

Ves briefly smiled. "What I have done with my Aspects of Lufa is more direct than that. The result are four organic statues that each express four different varieties of glows. Two of them are rather average and can even be obtained in the Yeina Star Cluster's mech market in the form of the Treatment Editions of my Sanctuary model."

"We know. We purchased a batch of both variants." Patriarch Reginald answered. "They are completely useless to me but they have actually been helpful in helping our more traumatized Crossers gain some perspective. I thank you for that. While your two Sanctuary variants cannot heal damaged survivors on their own, my doctors tell me that they are powerful tools when used as part of larger treatment programs."

"It is my pleasure. Many of my mechs are designed to kill. I'm glad that my work can also make people better."

Ves always derived satisfaction from hearing that his products had served his customers well. This was the dream of every creator and he was no different.

"I have also heard something about your third statue." Professor Benedict leaned forward. "It is supposedly capable of making people completely rational. That is quite interesting, don't you think?"

Ves nonchalantly shrugged. "It carries its own risks. Humans are emotional creatures by heart. Most individuals don't cope very well with losing all of their emotions. It only makes sense to employ the Aspect of Rationality in highly specific situations."

The Senior Mech Designer leaned back in his chair and nodded. "You are correct in that. Rational humans are a special breed of individuals. It is hard for people to get started on this path, but perhaps it might be easier if they are able to benefit from the glow of this statue of yours."

"I don't see the point in that." Ves frowned. "What's wrong with ordinary mech designers who rely on their passions and emotions? I can't imagine myself designing mechs by faking emotions instead of embodying them for real."

"That is because you haven't properly witnessed the full capabilities of a rational mech designer. It is not for nothing that the MTA prefers to employ those who can maintain as much objective and untainted reason as possible. As a trade association, it has a high demand for mech designers who can deconstruct and systematically apply the myriad of unique methods that many of our colleagues have developed. You cannot truly understand someone else's work in its totality without letting go of all of your preconceived biases and subjective tastes."

That was actually quite interesting to hear. Ves already thought along these lines but it was nice to hear a corroborating opinion from a better mech designer.

"The business of the MTA has nothing to do with us." Ves dismissively waved his hand. "I have no need to steal the work of other mech designers and I don't intend to replace the MTA."

"Hmm, correct. We are speaking about your fourth and evidently most radical statue of this series. Can you explain to us why you describe it as flawed? What are its defects?"

Ves thought carefully on what he should say here. A part of him didn't want to say anything, but another part of him actually felt it might be useful to consult with other knowledgeable experts. A second opinion was always handy and someone like Professor Benedict most certainly possessed deep insights in many areas related to mechs.

"Well… for one, people's heads tend to blow up when they are subjected to its influence. Don't ask me how many times this has occurred."

Neither Patriarch Reginald nor Professor Benedict looked disturbed at the mention that Ves had conducted a disturbing experiment where an unknown amount of people lost their lives just to try out a new invention.

They were certainly pleasant company.

"Experimental results can show a large amount of variance depending on the traits of your test subjects. What population of test subjects did you take your samples from, Larkinson?"

Ves twitched his mouth. The professor certainly knew what he was talking about.

"Criminals. Scum. People who got what was coming to them, basically. I tested it out on both norms and mech pilots, but neither of them have yielded any positive results."

"These 'volunteers' of yours are weak-willed cowards and losers who do not deserve the gift of ascension." Reginald declared. "Expert pilots like myself must discipline our minds and forge our wills into unbreakable steel. Each of us have undergone our own journeys where we are required to pass each and every test that comes our way. Few are worthy to make it to the end. Most are found wanting and will either stop making progress or die in the pursuit of an undeserved reward. In my judgement, trash can never produce greatness. You should have started off with better stock."

"I cannot justify the decision to subject the Aspect of Transcendence to people outside of this category!" Ves self-righteously retorted! "I especially can't condone any attempts to subject my own clansmen to an experimental product that has already produced a sizable body count. My duty as their patriarch is to lead them and protect them, not sacrifice their lives in order to further my personal ambitions."

Ves made his stance clear. The Aspect of Transcendence was too dangerous and he would not agree to using it on anyone who was decent. Even he had bottom lines.

"You've become stuck, then." Professor Benedict observed. "Your experiments on low-quality test subjects have produced constant failures, but you might be able to gain a different result if you make use of better stock. It is regrettable that you are not willing to do so. This statue has great potential if you can actually prove that it can live up to your promises. I do not believe you bestowed it with such a grandiose name if you never had any intentions of making it live up to it, am I right?"

Damn. Professor Benedict understood Ves a little too well.

"I have developed many ambitious ideas over the course of my career. Few of them succeed. That is the nature of innovation. These days, I don't even think about the Aspect of Transcendence anymore. It's already a failure in my eyes."

"What you consider to be a failure might actually turn out to be a priceless treasure."

"You want to obtain my statue?" Ves narrowed his eyes.

"No. We recognize that it is your invention and that its use is completely up to you." The Senior quickly replied. "What we are actually thinking about is resuming your experiment with a different recipient in mind. Instead of using them on low-quality stock, we instead have a better idea."

The professor pointedly looked at the Cross Patriarch.

"You…"

"In the event that you have failed to deliver a masterwork expert mech to me, I shall bear the test of your Aspect of Transcendence myself." The expert pilot stated. "I must advance to ace pilot one way or another. If I cannot do it the old-fashioned way, then I am not afraid to resort to a more unconventional means."

"That's crazy! You don't know what you are talking about!"

"My time is running out!" Reginald shouted back while pointing at his greying hair. "I have already passed my peak stage as a mech pilot. With each year that passes, my reflexes and thinking grow less acute. My chances of breaking through dwindles as a consequence. While my father has managed to defy the odds, I am not as talented as him. I need a faster, more assured way of breaking through, and I see much hope in your mysterious statue. Do not underestimate my resolve. Where others have failed, I shall remain unbroken. With my strength combined with the valued teachings of my father, I am confident I will succeed in breaking through. I only need a catalyst to push me forward."

Ves looked confused. "Why don't you find a war or something? The best way for mech pilots to surpass their limits has always been to risk their lives in battle."

"I have a responsibility to my clan." Reginald said. "As a fellow patriarch, I am sure you understand. I vowed to preserve the remnants of my clan, but at the same time I must become a Saint, which I will never be able to accomplish if I knowingly lead my men into doom. Therefore, even if your Aspect of Transcendence poses a greater threat to my life, at least I shall bear this risk alone. Whether I live or die, the Cross Clan shall live on. I can put myself to the test with ease if that is the case."

"…"

This guy's obsession was truly unshakable. Ves didn't mind it if Patriarch Reginald wanted to commit suicide, but the problem was whether the Cross Clan would be happy with that!

If the Crossers found out that Patriarch Reginald died in the Larkinson Clan's custody, Ves seriously doubted whether they would remain friendly!