Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3207: Overeager Student

Days passed by as the week of rest approached its end. The Larkinsons were doing much more than preparing an elaborate ritual to empower the fabrication of the Decapitator Project. Different elements of the clan were procuring an abundance of goods and supplies to fill up the cargo holds and increase their readiness for anything that might happen in the next couple of months.

Ves did not really take a proper rest during his time. He did not want to waste any time and would not feel at ease if he took a vacation while there were many matters that required his attention.

He mostly busied himself by working on the Chimera Project. He not only fleshed out the main design, but also supervised the progress being made on developing the mounted wargear that could potentially turn the Chimera Project into the most powerful weapon in the Larkinson Clan's arsenal.

Of special note was the organic loadout that was based on the Superior Mother. Since it was based on the same technologies that enabled biomechs, Ves wasn't able to contribute as much as he wished. He had to rely a lot on the biomech designers and biotech specialists who originated from the Life Research Association.

"How is your side project faring these days, Dr. Perris?" He asked.

The Apprentice Mech Designer who specialized in rapid regeneration did not look at ease. "Our progress isn't particularly great, sir. We have great difficulty with visualizing what our mounted wargear will actually be attached to. The Chimera Project hasn't progressed far enough for us to be certain about its exact dimensions, exterior design, physical strength and other vital parameters. We can make much greater progress if we have a better idea of what the mech frame will look like."

"That will happen in time. I think we will probably be able to provide you with most of the information that you need in six to seven weeks at most. Once we realize the Decapitator Project, we will be working at full speed on both the Chimera Project and the Bulwark Project."

"That will have to do, then."

They continued to address a couple of other design-related topics. The organic mounted wargear that Ves envisioned was not easy to work with. The mech designers had to find ways to integrate an organic system to a mechanical system. It was very complicated to combine the two elements into a hybrid amalgamation that kept both in line.

After they finished their discussion on essential matters, Ves moved on to quizzing her about her place in the Larkinson Clan.

"You've been with us for many months now. How is life here for you? I can imagine it is quite a challenge to get used to living in an environment that isn't as organic as your old home."

Dr. Avalon Perris nodded. "That is true. My fellow Lifers aboard the Dragon's Den have it better because the ship they are on is much more familiar to them. I don't have that privilege. The Spirit of Bentheim is a fine ship, but she is not what I would call familiar ground."

"You still aren't accustomed to living on this vessel?"

"I can cope with it, but I still visit the Dragon's Den every chance I get. I can never fully relax on a ship that is made completely out of cold hard metal. There is just something terrifying about it in a primal way."

Ves crossed his arms. "I feel the same way whenever I visit an organic structure back in the Life Research Association. I don't understand how people like you can cope with living in an organic abode that could go berserk and swallow you at any point. I still recall the times when Ruuzon Arena turned alive in the worst possible way and slaughtered thousands of unwitting spectators." Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

"That was deliberate sabotage. It is not as if a conventional structure can also turn into a deathtrap. There are too many ways to make any place dangerous that it isn't rational for you to exhibit greater fear on certain types of structures over others."

"You have a point." Ves conceded. "My technical expertise grants me greater understanding of conventional structures made with conventional technology. I at least have a chance of detecting and defusing anything improper if I'm in a normal structure. The same can't be said if I'm stuck in an organic tree building or a bioship. They're so different and alien to me that I don't feel I have any control when I'm inside them. I guess I better stay away."

"I think you're wrong, patriarch." Dr. Perris raised her voice. "Your design philosophy lends itself well to biotechnology. The four amazing statues you've made already proved that. I believe it is well worth your time to learn the basics of how to design a biomech. This shouldn't be a challenge for someone with your intellect. Once you begin to design your first real biomech, I sincerely believe it will surpass all of your other mechs!"

Ves groaned. "Don't get started on this topic. I am not going to dabble into an area that I have no foundation in. You can believe all you want, but don't believe in the words of Priestess Samandra Avikon. She and the Ylvainans she hooked up with are full of crap."

The look that Dr. Perris directed towards Ves did not make it seem as if she took his words seriously.

He grew a bit suspicious. The overwhelming majority of Lifers were supposed to be secularist due to their research orientation. Science had no room for superstition.

"Are you still a secularist?"

She did not answer for a few seconds.

"I'm… not sure. I have witnessed a lot back on Prosperous Hill. I… have been trying to cope with my experiences in several ways. I found that I can gain the most peace by spending time with the Eye of Ylvaine. I never took an interest in them until I heard that some of my fellow Lifers had become a part of the Ylvainan Faith. It is only after I begin to attend the sermons that I have found the peace that I wasn't able to find anywhere else."

"…I see."

Could Ves blame her? Not really. While the Larkinson Clan offered extensive counseling and psychological help, mostly to mech pilots, there was no foolproof way to cure every condition. The human mind was simply too complex and any measure that did work was liable to be too drastic and unethical.

Ves wasn't really sure why the Ylvainans managed to succeed where the others had failed, but he didn't bother to check on them any further.

He simply shrugged. "Well, whatever makes you feel better. As long as you complete this side project according to schedule, I don't care what you do. I really need this organic mounted wargear to be done right and be delivered in a timely manner."

"Uhm, about that, sir, have you forgotten about the time it takes to grow an organic product?"

"Huh?"

"It usually takes months to grow a biomech from a seed. While there are ways to accelerate this process, there is no practical method to produce biomechs at the same pace as producing conventional mechs."

"Damn."

Ves overlooked this point.

"How long will it take to make this product, then?"

"I cannot say for certain at this stage, but if I look at the volume and the complexity of what we have planned, it will likely take three to four weeks, give or take several days. The Mounted Wargear is larger and carries greater mass than a biomech, but many of its elements can be grown in parallel due to its more modular design."

All of this meant that it wouldn't be ready until the expeditionary fleet finally reached the Red Ocean. This was not a big deal as Ves did not anticipate any fights on the horizon. Aside from the elevated risks that his clan would face as it took a small detour in the Vulcan Empire, the rest of the journey to the Tarnished Crown Star Sector should be a boring and uneventful trip.

"Keep up the good work."

"Thank you, sir."

Aside from checking up on this side project, Ves also checked up on his two students. He tried his best to pay attention to them from time to time, but whenever he was engaged in any design project, he tended to push every other matter of importance aside. Right now was a good opportunity to see where they truly stood.

Since Ves already had a good read on what Zanthar was doing these days, he decided to focus on Maikel first.

"Hello, Maikel."

"Hello, teacher." The young student looked up from his workstation at the design lab.

"I see you're studying another textbooks on AIs." Ves frowned in disapproval. "What's the hurry? You have plenty of time to learn how to design a living mech. You should first make sure you know how to design a regular first mech. You can't neglect the basics."

"I am still keeping up with my studies on mechanics, metallurgy, battle mechatronics and so on." Maikel defended himself. "I don't think it's too early to study about AIs, though. I feel a lot more excited and motivated to push through my studies when I learn what I can do once I master this knowledge."

"Look, I applaud your enthusiasm, but don't put the cart before the horse. I won't allow you to graduate from my tutelage until you thoroughly master all of the fundamental subjects that are essential to designing proper second-class mechs. You don't need to learn too much about more advanced systems such as AIs until you have finished your initial studies."

"There isn't any rule or custom that forbids me from learning about my specialty earlier, teacher." Maikel said with a hint of objection.

Ves wasn't the sort of person who couldn't cope with backtalk. In fact, he liked it when his students were able to think and stand up for themselves. Their chances of becoming a Journeyman was much greater if they already had the mindset of one. Good mech designers should never be followers who were only capable of accepting the opinion of their betters.

Seeing that Maikel was very determined about his course, Ves did not insist any further. "You are responsible for your own performance during this important phase of your life. You are an adult now so you deserve to make your own choices. Just be aware that you also have to bear the consequences of them. I am only willing to do so much to clean up after your mistakes."

Maikel looked serious. "I will take that into account, sir. I think my approach makes a lot of sense, though. If I start my mech design career with a solid foundation in AIs and automation, I can start to develop my design philosophy right away without any delays. I want to do my best to advance to Journeyman before I reach thirty like you! I will do my best to make you proud!"

"There are more ways to make me feel proud of you, you know." Ves stated. "Sure, your approach might work, but it will also lock you out of other design philosophies. If you ever feel the need to switch, you will have to spend a lot of time and effort to unlearn what you previously considered to be the truth and learn an entirely different set of truths."

"That won't matter to me because I won't change my mind." Maikel beamed. "I am dead-set on designing mechs that are even more alive and helpful than the mechs that you are currently designing! I really think that there is much greater potential in this than you realize."

"The mechers might not agree." He said. "The CFA is big on automation, but the MTA doesn't want humans to depend too heavily on machines to do the fighting for them. Let me ask you a question. What is the difference between what you aim to create and a bot? Do you even intend to design a mech at all or will it merely be an autonomous frame?"

Maikel froze for a time… This was indeed an important matter.