Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3415: The Messy Side of the MTA

Master Bouderon had patiently introduced one MTA faction after another to the four Larkinson mech designers.

What he revealed was incredibly eye-opening to someone who paid attention to the development of humanity like Ves. The fog that had long obscured the MTA's decision-making and strategic direction became a lot less thick now that he had finally gained more awareness.

As the most prominent super-organization in human space, understanding the actual workings of the MTA was key to securing his own future!

No matter what he did, as long as he fell under the purview of the MTA, he couldn't go around its goals, aspirations and policies. Although he always had a general overview of what the mechers tried to accomplish, his awareness was too shallow before this day.

It was different now. Master Bouderon provided him with the key details that Master Willix had always been reticent about revealing to him. This showcased that not every MTA Master was the same and that even people belonging to the same faction might adopt different approaches.

The powerful MTA Master's bald head shone in the light as he gazed at the four Journeymen with an impassive expression. The situation in the meeting chamber resembled that of a private tutoring class. What he said next only reinforced this image.

"Now, before I introduce the final major factions to you, let me remind you that knowing about them and associating with them does not mean you are close to significant enough to influence galactic and intergalactic politics." He said with a grave voice. "The weight of your voice is directly proportional to the value that you can provide to others. At the moment, this is low to the four of you. All you have in our eyes is potential and a number of other interesting factors, but that does not give you the ear of a galactic mech councilor."

"Then why contact us at all?" Ves boldly asked.

During this brief contact, he already got the measure of Master Bouderon. Although the man was a bit more blunt and direct in his criticism, he was as well-meaning as Master Willix. The man treated the Larkinson Journeymen as children that needed to be taught a few crucial lessons.

Ves had no problem with that. Although his pride detested the fact that he was being looked down upon, his reason acknowledged that an MTA Master had the capital to treat him as a lesser. There was no point in trying to demand respect from such a great figure when their strengths were too far apart.

Besides, the great thing about being treated as a kid was that he got to have free stuff!

Even though he was more than 30 years old and already became a father, Ves was probably no different from a 10-year old boy to a Master who lived over 2 centuries!

Perhaps one day, he too would treat the younger generation in this indulgent fashion. He still had a long way to go before he became comparable to Master Bouderon.

"As we have already said, you have potential." The bald man answered the earlier inquiry. "We do not necessarily have to wait for you to grow up before we approach you. As long as we have made a reasonable expectation that you can become valuable enough to cooperate with us, we can preempt the wait and extend a hand to you in your current state. This is a beneficial arrangement to the both of us. You will receive additional assistance in a time of need in exchange for owing us additional favors. Unless our estimation of your future value is inaccurate, our faction will gain a helpful ally in the future."

That was an honest and rational answer. Ves felt reassured after hearing this. The relationship that Bouderon's faction wanted to establish with him was primarily based on an exchange of value. Nothing more. That suited Ves fine because it was easier for him to trust in the other party based on their motives.

It didn't need to be said that neither Master Willix nor Master Bouderon wanted to have anything to do with Ves if he did not have any current value or future potential! He would have to progress step by step and realize his design philosophy before he became worth their time!

"Therefore, do not mistake your early introduction to our circle as a signal that you are ready to wheel and deal with us." Master Bouderon seriously warned. "The foundation of your value rests on your own qualities. As a mech designer, your rank and your unique contributions to the field of mech design are your primary assets. The greater they are, the more you have the capital to cooperate with us. If they are not sufficient, then spend your time on improving them rather than try to cheat us with outlandish schemes. We have endured enough of that over the centuries."

Well, that was certainly a pointed warning. Ves had a feeling that it was especially pointed towards himself!

He meekly bowed his head. "I understand. I am not that interested in this political stuff anyway. I'm just a mech designer. My goal is to become a Star Designer, not become the ruler of humanity."

That elicited a genuine nod of approval from Bouderon. "That is the right mindset. The existence of factions doesn't mean that everyone must take part in their games. There are many Masters and Star Designers that have kept their distance from these matters because participation brings no value to them. They have no political agendas and do not require the assistance of factions to further their personal ambitions. If you are the same, then I recommend that you maintain a similar attitude."

Honestly speaking, Ves was inclined to adopt a neutral attitude.

The warnings issued by Master Bouderon made it more than clear that Ves would be nothing more than a future pawn if he entered this circle. Even if he became a Master, his outsider status towards the MTA would always lock him out of the core halls of powers.

The only way to break this deadlock was to become a Star Designer!

From what little Master Bouderon spoke about what went on at the top, it sounded as if a Star Designer held the same amount of weight as one of the 100 galactic mech councilors!

At that height, the origin of a Star Designer didn't matter anymore. Whether the individual in question used to be a poor citizen from the galactic rim like Ves or a privileged scion of internal MTA members like Jovy, as long as they both became Star Designers, they would both stand on equal ground!

The road to becoming a Star Designer was very long though and Ves only took a couple of tentative steps. For now, he shouldn't entertain any unrealistic fantasies.

Jovy also added his own piece. "There are always clever guys out there that think that they can get ahead through fast talk and dealmaking. Seriously, don't be one of those guys, Ves. It's annoying and drops people's opinion of you. What you're dealing with are people who are much smarter than you and can smell a scam from light-years away."

From what Bouderon described earlier, the way for Ves to increase his status with a faction was by building up relationships with its members. He didn't even need to get along with every faction member. It was already enough if he became chummy with just a few of them like he had already done with Master Willix.

Trading favors and lending assistance to each other was just the means to develop a connection that he could rely upon if he truly needed the MTA's help.

Today was a good example. Ves had contacted Master Willix a few days ago in order to solve his contraband problem. He had no confidence in his ability to smuggle certain items and sensitive research data through the MTA's extremely strict security protocols.

The only solutions available to him was to dump his illegal cargo or circumvent the rules by going through a backdoor.

Ves chose the latter option, knowing that he would be owing another favor to Master Willix and her faction.

Master Bouderon was clearly aware of this and warned him not to take it too far. Perhaps it was fine for Ves to sporadically ask for small favors based on his potential and his minor contributions to the MTA, but he shouldn't get accustomed to this treatment.

The man clearly looked satisfied when he saw that Ves corrected his mentality.

"I am quite reluctant to engage in political activity as well. I would much rather prefer that the Mech Trade Association is nothing more than a simple trade organization." Bouderon surprisingly said. "The cold hard truth is that the MTA cannot withdraw from prominence. Humanity after the Age of Conquest had come close to ruin. It needed a guiding hand, and stepping up. We have become more than a trade association, and that has made it necessary for people such as myself to do our part in steering the MTA in the right direction. The power we collectively wield is enough to change the course of human civilization, and that is an enormous responsibility that has attracted many ambitious and power-hungry individuals. Their extremism and megalomania frankly corrupts our Association and risks turning it into an empire rather than a guardian."

Ves and the other Larkinson mech designers were surprised that Master Bouderon was so frank in exposing the uglier side to MTA politics, but it was only a matter of time before they found out about this by themselves now that they had gotten their foot through the door.

Rather than getting hoodwinked by these extremists and megalomaniacs, it was much better to expose the truth in advance.

All of this was necessary because the MTA had indeed become far more than just a trade organization. The absence of a real trans-galactic governing body that commanded all of humanity left the mechers with little choice but to do the job themselves. This necessity contorted both organizations into monstrous behemoths that attracted all kinds of people who thought more about ruling humanity than designing better mechs!

"What is the current consensus within the MTA?" Ves cautiously asked. "Is there a tendency to lean towards more active governance or will you guys just remain aloof like always?"

"There are a great number of decision-makers in the MTA that seek to pull our organization in different directions." The MTA Master replied with a rueful smile. "If they can all agree with each other, then our Association would have become unrecognizable by now. Their problem is that the goals of many individual factions are often mutually exclusive."

"They can't agree with each other."

"Exactly, Mr. Larkinson. For example, the Preserving Order Faction and the Guidance Faction are diametrically opposed to each other. Over the centuries, they have submitted numerous proposals, but all but a handful have never been passed due to strenuous resistance from their opposition. Such deadlocks occur frequently and involve many different factions, some of which might be allies in other circumstances. As a result of this reality, the Galactic Mech Council only tends to pass the proposals that either occupy the middle ground or have earned broad support." DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Ves nodded in understanding. He already figured that out. "Occasionally, something big gets through, right?"

Bouderin smiled. "The Mech Trade Association is not stagnant, much to the dismay of the Preservers. Most of us recognize that we must constantly change and adapt to the times in order to prevent our fall. As long as any initiative obtains the support of the majority, the MTA will implement it. The opening of the Red Ocean to private exploration and colonization is the outcome of a brilliant persuasion, dealmaking and lobbying effort by the Expansionist Faction. There are many more interests behind this great initiative than you realize, but they are not relevant to you unless you develop into a proper partner."

Only bigshots were qualified to learn the greater considerations behind the colonization of the Red Ocean, and Ves was still far from reaching that point… He could still dream, though.