Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3582 Pejana

The difference between Chance Bay and Pellysa III was like night and day.

The former was an advanced moon settlement whose entire surface was covered by human structures.

The latter was a planet that only hosted one major city and several outlying farming and resource extraction communities.

The city was called Pejana. No one seemed to know what that meant and why it was called that way.

Pejana had character, though.

As Ves, Gloriana, Aurelia and their cats left the shuttle and handled the arriving procedures, they stepped out the spaceport and gazed at the cityscape.

"How… rustic." Gloriana snorted.

"Bwa? Huuuoooaaah…"

Rustic was a bit of an understatement. Though the colonists had already built a lot of structures, they were still constructing even more.

Construction projects dotted the landscape. A lot of relatively cheap and slow construction bots were doing most of the work. Piles of construction materials were being moved from storage warehouses and the cargo side of the space port to feed all of this development.

While the sight of all of this activity was inspiring, the city looked anything but elegant and refined at the moment.

As the new arrivals breathed, puffs of condensation escaped from their faces.

"It's cold as well." Ves said he and everyone else wore thicker coats.

Although it wasn't cold enough for water to freeze into ice, the average temperature in Pejana still necessitated winter clothing.

"Hihihi!"

Both Ves and Gloriana smiled at their daughter. Their baby did not react negatively to the cold due to her high-tech baby clothes. She instead grew curious at the change in air pressure and other changes.

"Please excuse the local conditions, Patriarch Larkinson. Our consortium is still in the process of terraforming Pellysa III. By the time the final terraforming phases have ended, Pejana should be located in a climate sweet spot where the weather is sunny but fairly temperate."

"We understand, Mr. Ozein. It's actually a novelty to visit a cold place like this." Ves responded as he looked around. "Is the THZ Consortium responsible for all of this construction?"

"No." The mustachioed man shook his head. "Our consortium has decided to open up Pejana and many other regions on Pellysa III to private exploitation. As long as organizations such as your clan are able to show that they are able and willing to contribute to the local economy, we are willing to give them a permit to set up operations on our fine planet."

Piter Ozein was one of the chief relations managers of the THZ Consortium. In other words, he was lackey that the authorities trotted out whenever VIPs like the Larkinson Clan graced their colony settlement.

The man had only greeted the Larkinsons a short moment ago but Ves already figured out that Ozein wasn't a part of the decision-making circle of the THZ Consortium. That meant that the relations manager wouldn't be able to leak any secrets.

"Can you tell us about the organizations who have decided to set up shop here?" Ves asked as the group continued to head towards the center of the city.

Most of the structures that the colonists had built were not that elaborate, much to Gloriana's dislike. There was hardly artistry in the local architecture.

Nearly every structure except the larger and more impressive ones were built by stacking modular prefab structures together. These structures were akin to containers and could be stacked and combined in many different ways depending on their configuration.

Although the locals had tried to vary the structures with this method, there was no way to hide the fact that they were just a bunch of metallic cubes and rectangles that had been stacked together!

As the group encountered more structures, Ves slowly began to see differences.

Much of this had to do with the third parties that had obtained permission from the THZ Consortium to establish a presence on Pellysa III.

"Hundreds of wealthy individuals pioneering organizations have already decided to invest in our planet and thousands more have applied. They are keen to gain an early mover advantage. By beginning operations just as we are rising, they will be able to earn huge profits by the time our Pellysa System is booming."

Clearly, Ozein tried to lure the Larkinson Clan in doing the same.

Ves understood the game that was being played here. The THZ Consortium couldn't turn the Pellysa System into a premier trade system. It needed to attract a lot of traders and organizations that were able to conduct the bulk of business operations needed to turn this location into the center of trade in the Magair Middle Zone.

This was in fact a lifeline for many smaller and weaker pioneering organizations. Those that barely managed to limp to the Red Ocean were only juicy prey to the many predators that roamed the dwarf galaxy.

Instead of braving near-certain death by trying to head into the new frontier and start a colony by themselves, the pioneers were better off sheltering under the umbrella of a successful rival.

The THZ Consortium offered weaker pioneers the opportunity to achieve success on a smaller scale by becoming their vassals in all but name.

By agreeing to the terms and investing all of their colonization resources in Pellysa III, they essentially helped the THZ Consortium build its colony!

Although it sounded like a win-win deal on the surface, Ves wasn't fooled. By investing significant resources on the planet of another power, the weaker pioneers gave up most of their independence and initiative to the THZ Consortium.

If the THZ Consortium ever increased its demands and imposed its will on its tenants, it was too late for the third parties to pull out. They had already the majority of their fortunes in Pellysa.

Despite its commercial-sounding name, the THZ Consortium was actually acting like a sovereign who was in the process of setting up its first kingdom. There was no way that Ves wanted the Larkinson Clan to take part in this game!

"See the tower on the left?" Mr. Ozein gestured to the metallic tower that poked into the sky. "That is the headquarters of Horizon Media, a prominent broadcaster that is already gaining traction in this zone. Horizon was one of our first investors and has managed to capture a respectable amount of market share."

Ves turned and raised his eyebrow at the relations manager. "The THZ Consortium sponsored their rise?"

"We did." Ozein smiled. "Horizon Media has been very cooperative towards us. By helping its media channels expand their reach, the company has highlighted all of the advantages of doing business in Pelllysa."

They moved past a large, traditional-looking facade that was built in a neoclassical style. The marble-like pillars reminded Ves of a very particular first-rate superstate.

"The Zaontar Family has its roots in the New Rubarth Empire." Mr. Ozein explained. "The Zaontars have been exiled from the powerful empire several generations ago. During its flight, the family has continually declined in strength until it has finally managed to stabilize as a second-class organization. Although the Zaontars are only a fraction as strong as before, they still possess remnant tech and wealth that makes them stand out from many other pioneers."

"From what it looks like, the Zaontars still consider themselves Rubarthans." Ves commented.

"The older generations of the Zaontar Family still dream of getting readmitted to the New Rubarth Empire. Whatever you make of their dream, the Zaontars believe they can still regain their former glory. They have turned themselves into keen businessmen and traders. They require a huge amount of funding to return to first-class status so they have wisely chosen to base themselves in Pellysa III to further their ambitions. They have already set up a formidable distribution network in the Magair Middle Zone and beyond."

Ves became increasingly more impressed at the Zaontar Family.

Sure, it had fallen hard, but its resilience and its ability to adapt to the circumstances was admirable. Even Ozein sounded more respectful when he spoke about the Zaontars. This indicated that they weren't regular tenants on this planet.

"The Larkinsons share something in common with the Zaontars." Gloriana said. "The Larkinson Family and by extension our clan can trace their roots to the New Rubarth Empire."

"That was four centuries ago, not a couple of generations. I don't think any Larkinson can identify with the Rubarthans these days." Ves retorted.

"Maybe we can use this to start a conversation with the Zaontar Family. As fellow Rubarthan exiles, we can gain their understanding a lot better than others. Aren't you looking to secure a new supply channel for the Larkinson Clan? If we can gain the friendship of the Zaontar Family, you can probably speed up the production of your new Enlightened Warriors."

Ves had to admit that Gloriana's idea sounded as if it made sense. There was only one problem with her suggestion.

"I don't intend to bring us into Rubarth." He told her. "It's a powerful first-rate superstate, but it is filled with intrigue, rivalries and power plays. Those imperial princes really aren't joking around. Then there is their father, the Star Emperor. I don't want to put our clan underneath such a powerful sovereign. He's a man, by the way. Don't you hate that, Gloriana?"

"He's too distant from us all." Gloriana flipped her head. "There are hundreds of strong and confident princesses in the Imperial Household. Who knows whether one of them will become the next Star Empress?"

"You better not say anything further. The Rubarthan succession is one of the most controversial topics in the empire. If you let the wrong people hear what you have said, you might attract a team of super assassins or something!"

Gloriana rolled her eyes. "As if that will happen. That's a fairy tale, Ves. The Rubarthans aren't bored enough to pay attention to idle talk."

Ves leaned over and took Aurelia from her arms. "If you want to kill yourself, then be my guest. Just don't get Aurelia involved.

"Hey, give me back my baby!"

"It's our baby!"

"Wuuuu… waaaaa…"

He turned back to Ozein before he let Gloriana speak any further. "Please proceed with your tour."

"Ah, very well."

The relations manager introduced other third party settlers to the couple. Piter Ozein clearly wanted to attract the Larkinson Clan's attention by showcasing all of the success stories based in the Pellysa System.

Ves remained unmoved. There was no way he would get fooled by such a rudimentary trick.

Once they reached the headquarters of the THZ Corporation, the first part of the tour had come to an end.

"Pejana is much greater than what I have shown to you today. Our city may not look as large as the capital cities of other planets, but we have accomplished much in only two years. There are still many prime territories for sale to enterprising pioneers such as yourself. Whether you want to set up a company headquarters, a manufacturing complex, a distribution warehouse, an upscale storefront or merely a residential compound, we can accommodate all of your needs. Just say the word and we will provide you with numerous suitable options." Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"It's too soon to talk business." Ves said in an even tone. "For now, I just want to address the more immediate needs of our clan and fleet. Do you know where I can find a material supplier that is willing to do business with us? We have an urgent need for resources."

Ozein's face turned pensive. "It will be… difficult to arrange a meeting with the suppliers that are based on this planet, patriarch. You see, they invest much of the resources they obtain in their own construction projects. Whatever else they have left are already reserved for their established business partners. You will need to make a very persuasive case to convince them to part with their resources."

Ves nodded. "I understand. Can you please give me a list of resource suppliers and a short explanation on each of them? I'm particularly interested in what they are lacking in. Perhaps our mechs can solve their unique problems."