Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3628 Tallahassee Wine Company

Davute VII was a star system that attracted a lot of different visitors.

It served as a de-facto staging point for humanity's occupation of the Krakatoa Middle Zone. A lot of different colonization fleets stopped by this location first in order to collect personnel, supplies and intelligence before heading off to their desired colonization destinations.

One of the most notable factors about Davute was that it also hosted an MTA colonization bureau. While it was a relatively modest and unassuming facility, it nonetheless offered many pioneers the opportunity to earn MTA merits by performing missions that were in their means to fulfill.

Many of them typically entailed activities that pioneers already intended to perform anyway. From mining precious resources to clearing pesky indigenous alien populations from life-bearing planets, the MTA evidently wanted to accelerate the pace of human development.

No one objected to this. A lot of pioneers came here in order to rule their own little kingdoms in this brand-new frontier. The Red Ocean was a far cry from the Milky Way where every desirable colonization site had already been claimed in previous centuries or millennia.

The opportunity to start anew with lots of unclaimed star systems to choose from was extremely precious and the visionaries of this generation were determined not to let this opportunity pass!

Unfortunately, not everyone in the Red Ocean was cut out for this. There were plenty of pioneers who had big dreams but lacked the means to fulfill them. They barely managed to scrape up the MTA merits needed to pass through the beyonder gate but had few plans beyond that point.

The frontier was not an amusement park. It was a difficult region where much of it had never welcomed any human presence.

The underdeveloped infrastructure, the dearth of industry and the lack of order already caused many pioneers to fail. Even more groups of people were driven on the brink of ruination.

The lack of goods and services along with the inability to gain access to proper facilities were the most common reasons why their business plans never managed to get off the ground.

When the waiting list to order a new starship stretched on for decades, a lot of fleets were unable to expand their mech capacities and gain sufficient safety when venturing deeper into the new frontier.

When the price of a typical exotic was at least five times greater compared to the prevailing price level back in the old galaxy, a lot of entrepreneurs were unable to make any profit.

When success in a given endeavor was related to the possession of advanced technology, a lot of pioneers were unable to get started because they lacked the funds, merits or connections to obtain these prized goods.

In short, a lot of people took the excellent infrastructure and bountiful markets of the old galaxy for granted. They assumed that even if the Red Ocean was not as developed, they could still get their hands on what they needed easily enough.

Perhaps that might be true in a few decades from now, but the invasion of the Red Ocean had only started a few years ago. That was not enough time for people to build up functioning states!

Given these realities, a lot of groups tried to find a way to survive.

Some tried to take a gamble and were often never heard again after venturing out into uncharted territories.

Many of them dropped their grand ambitions and sought to prioritize their survival by pleading their loyalties to larger and more powerful organizations.

The latter became increasingly more prevalent. The biggest and most successful pioneers enjoyed expansive growth after absorbing a lot of smaller players into their fold. This started a positive feedback loop where even more people flocked to their banners because of the increased safety that the largest and most prosperous pioneers were able to provide!

Consolidation became the latest trend. It was surprising how many pioneers who initially thought themselves fearless enough to brave the dangers of the new frontier suddenly lost their heart for adventure and meekly submitted to the dominant players.

Yet not everyone wanted to bow their heads to a new master. They came to the Red Ocean for a reason and they were highly unwilling to surrender their own pride, culture, autonomy or way of life!

Currently, a pioneer called Gordon Tallahassee looked at the projected screen with a combination of weariness and despair.

The balance sheet of his modest fleet was looking worse with each passing day. While it was not a big deal to suffer losses for a time, the problem was that Gordon's enterprise wasn't earning any meaningful revenue!

"I thought there would be gaps in the market, but not this much!"

The man was the 34th generation leader of the Tallahassee Wine Company. Back in his native star sector, his company enjoyed considerable renown in the middle-upper segment as one of the finest local wines on sale.

Back then, Gordon could have managed the company he inherited like any other responsible steward.

Yet that was not enough for his tastes.

The Tallahassee Wine Company enjoyed an excellent foundation at home but found it difficult to expand any further. The wine markets of other star sectors were already in the grip of other wine companies. Tallahassee would never be able to gain any ground so long as its competitors tried their best to repel any newcomers!

This was why he made a radical decision as soon as the MTA announced the opening of the Red Ocean. He sold off most of the Tallahassee Wine Company's fixed assets and used the proceeds to fund a pioneering fleet.

Only by starting anew in the Red Ocean would Gorden be able to break past the ceiling that halted his predecessors!

Gordon had done his research. The wine market of the new frontier was not solidified at all at this time. Getting in early would allow his wine company to easily claim a respectable amount of market share.

What he and his staff didn't properly account for was the challenges in getting to that point.

He and his company weren't arrogant enough to colonize a planet by themselves. They sought out and joined a pioneering fleet where others performed the bulk of the work.

Everything went great at first. The fleet ventured out into the Magair Middle Zone and found a decent planet that other colonists had overlooked.

As the terraforming and build-up process went underway, the Tallahassee Wine Company deployed a considerable amount of hardware and personnel to the surface to cultivate their chosen plots of land.

"Then, the raiders came."

The fleet got struck, driving many survivors away from the planet which bore a lot of their investment. The work that they had done up until that point had become the wedding dress of other human pioneers!

The remnants of the pioneering fleet broke up at that point. This was devastating to Gordon. The Tallahassee Wine Company not only lost numerous ships and assets, but also lost the benefits of being a part of a larger group!

The company's arrangement with the original pioneering fleet was fairly good. The Tallahassee Wine Company largely remained independent and was only obligated to pay taxes.

"Now, it's impossible to obtain such light conditions."

The previous Tallahassee Wine Company enjoyed a good reputation at home and also raised a lot of money from selling its previous foundation.

Now, the company was stranded in a place where its reputation was non-existent and was losing more and more assets as time went by. Who would want to partner up with such a loser?

The only way for the Tallahassee Wine Company to survive was to accept a takeover from other companies.

There were plenty of vultures that were looking to snap up easy pickings. Failed and defeated pioneers were especially easy to acquire!

"Must I truly give up everything my forefathers had built?"

Gordon was unwilling to admit surrender.

While it was true that he had taken a huge risk knowing that his ambitious venture might backfire, the reality was so much worse.

Losing hurt.

What Gordon found especially difficult to endure was how he wouldn't be able to answer to his family and his ancestors. In just a single generation, he not only destroyed everything his line had built, but gave his people no chance to recover!

"If I let those vultures absorb my company, there's no way that it will be able to exist in its current form."

The new owners needed to make their mark. They were not new at this and established a successful set of plans to thoroughly gain ownership of their new possessions.

Gordon would be lucky to remain in charge of a bathroom, let alone a division of his company!

"I'll be able to survive, though. Is that not what matters the most?"

The more he stayed in the Red Ocean, the more he understood its many dangers. The pirate raid on the developing colony was not an exception. Even though no one bothered to declare any wars around here, a lot of human groups were implicitly in conflict with each other!

It made sense to join one of the groups that was on the winning side, yet the price was too high.

Gordon and his staff tried their best to find alternatives but none offered the right combination of benefits, obligations and autonomy.

"Maybe my standards are too high. My company is no longer as great as before."

Just as he became resigned to joining one of the established power blocs around Davute, the door to his office slid open.

"Sir. I think you should see this. I just received word of an alternative."

His secretary handed over a data pad that displayed the details of a new offer.

"The… Larkinson Clan? What is this about?"

"The clan is trying to set up a trade consortium between lots of different groups."

"That isn't new to me. What makes this one different?"

"Well, the Larkinson Clan and the alliance it belongs to aren't weak. The Larkinsons have a rich combat record and they excel in battle with their unique mechs. While they aren't large, they can hold their ground against most threats."

"From what I'm reading, I don't think we're qualified to join their alliance. We don't contribute what they need."

"No, but the story is different when it comes to their new trade consortium. Look at the proposed terms and conditions. They're fairer than others and don't impose too many demands. We can still do what we want as long as we don't damage the interests of the trade consortium."

Now this was rarer. Gordon had encountered other trade consortiums in his search to find help, but they were either led by powerful pioneers or imposed an elaborate rule structure that was meant to keep its members under control.

Each of them left an awful taste in his mouth. They were nothing more than disguised attempts to take over those that sought their shelter.

The more Gordon read the contents of the data pad, the more he raised his eyebrows. Although the trade consortium didn't offer any defensive or financial help, just the possibility of gaining access to cheaper goods and services through collective bargaining was enough to stop the decline of his bleeding wine company!

Gordon raised the data pad at his secretary. "Is this information correct? Are the rules on entering and exiting the consortium truly so easy?"

The younger man nodded. "Yes, sir. It will all be set up in a contract administered by the MTA. If our Wine Company wants to leave the consortium, we only have to transmit a notification beforehand and wait a while before we can amicably depart. There are virtually no strings attached."

This sounded incredibly attractive to Gordon Tallahassee. Whereas other trade consortiums and alliances demanded long-term commitment, the one proposed by this so-called Larkinson Clan was a lot more easy-going!

Yet that also made him suspicious. He frowned as he tried to figure out the angle of this clan.

"What's the catch? How can these Larkinsons possibly make everything work when there aren't any mechanisms that ensure everyone's loyalty or compliance? This trade consortium could easily collapse if too many members leave at the same time." Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Neither of the two knew the answer. The data pad didn't contain a lot of details but it did mention meetings where interested parties could find out more.

"Let's attend one of these meetings. I don't have much hope for this trade consortium, but there is no harm in hearing these Larkinsons out. Maybe they're not as naive as we think."