Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3654 New Developments

The MTA teleported him to a highly advanced facility. The mechers managed to take him away despite the fact that the Spirit of Bentheim was supposed to be protected against unauthorized teleportation attempts.

"Feh."

The anti-teleportation devices were originally developed by the MTA or a lesser company. Either way, there was no way the tech could hinder the mechers. Their grasp on technology was so great that defending against them was an exercise in futility.

Ves didn't bother to spend any further thought on this issue. He was much more interested in studying his new environment.

First-class multipurpose mechs lay dormant while others were being serviced by swarms of bots.

Remarkably few personnel were present in what appeared to be an underground hangar bay. A few mech pilots had gathered to discuss battle tactics while a couple of mech designers were inspecting a new model that had recently been added to the mech roster.

As always, Ves was impressed by the sight of the MTA's powerful machines. The mechers understandably fielded the most powerful mechs developed by humans, but there were still differences in power within their organization.

The first-class multipurpose mechs utilized by the branches in the galactic rim were generally a bit more basic and less extravagant.

That was not the case this time. The ones utilized by the local branch were much more ready for war. Even though they were too advanced for him to glean too many details, he could tell that they were tougher, faster and more deadly in every way.

It was fun to puzzle out their combat capabilities. No first-class multipurpose mech was simple as the sheer amount of miniaturized components stuffed inside their frames allowed them to come up with lots of different solutions.

"Are you having fun?"

"Jovy!" Ves smiled as he turned around. "I haven't heard from you in months! Where have you been all of this time?"

"I cannot say." The young MTA Journeyman replied. "I've been busy while the people above me deliberated on the proposal that you presented to me during our last meeting."

"I take it that my little offer sparked a lot of controversy." Ves guessed. "There's no other reason for you guys to stay quiet for so long."

Jovy nodded. "Partially, yes. The other reason why it took so long for the people above me to come to a resolution is because we were waiting for your fleet to arrive in Davute."

"Why?"

"Because it would be easier for you to meet with the person who is in charge of this matter. It took a bit longer for him to clear his schedule and make a detour to Davute, but he's here now and is ready to meet with you in person."

"Oh. Okay. How well is he inclined towards me?" Ves nervously asked.

"He has been keeping an eye on you. I hear he has grown especially… amused at your recent antics."

Ves thought of his recent actions in the past weeks and months. He winced when he thought how he must have appeared to the MTA when he formed the Creation Association and held the Vulcan Symposium.

He really didn't want to meet anyone important from the MTA, but there was no way to defy anyone from the Association.

At least Jovy was by his side. His presence and his friendly demeanor signaled that the mechers shouldn't be too upset.

They would have teleported Ves to a cell block if that was the case.

Before Jovy led him to wherever he would meet this important official, the MTA Journeyman first waved his arm towards all of the first-class mechs in the underground hangar bay.

"What do you think when you see all of these mechs?"

"They're powerful and expensive." Ves immediately answered. "Our clan would probably go bankrupt before we can even build a machine of their caliber. I think that any one of them can completely crush the forces at my disposal."

Jovy smirked. "True, but don't underestimate your own capabilities. Your expert mechs and your… unorthodox battle solutions can give anyone a surprise. I think the gap between these mechs and your own combat forces is not as exaggerated as you think."

"Are you kidding me? I've seen what your supermechs can do! Back in the LRA, it only took a single squad of first-class multipurpose mechs to subdue a rogue biojuggernaut."

"I will admit that our advanced machines can dismantle other powerful threats, but that doesn't mean they are omnipotent."

"...Are you sure you are allowed to say that to me? You're making it sound as if your Association is not as strong as everyone thinks." Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Jovy sighs. "This mindset is the exact reason why so many of my fellow colleagues in the MTA are so complacent about the threats that we face today and in the future. They believe so much in our image of superiority that they think that our first-class multipurpose mechs can sweep aside every opposition."

Ves recalled that Jovy firmly aligned himself with the Survivalist cause.

"Ah. I see. While I can understand your worries, I don't think your mechs are that weak."

"We wouldn't be utilizing warships if we thought that they were strong enough. Anyway, that is a discussion for another day."

They turned around and exited the hangar bay. Jovy led Ves down a couple of white-walled corridors.

There was hardly any traffic. Ves saw more bots than people moving around him. It made him feel as if this place was largely deserted.

"Where's all the people?" He casually asked.

"Away." Jovy answered. "The Red Ocean is an active war front, after all. Many of our soldiers are trying their best to push our lines forward and complete the invasion of this dwarf galaxy."

"Are we doing well?"

Jovy's expression flickered. "Don't tell this to others, but the opposition is putting up a better fight as of late."

"Oh? Should pioneers like myself grow worried?"

"No. We're still making progress, just not as fast as before. The aliens have fully woken up to the threat that humanity represents and have increasingly begun to coordinate their defenses. In the past, it was hard for the major races to cooperate with each other, but that is no longer the case. What is especially damning to the war effort is that the puelmers have increased their mastery of human technology at a considerably faster rate than we initially expected. Whatever they managed to master will also fall into the hands of the other major races after a delay."

The puelmers might be a race of comical-looking flesh balls with numerous spindly limbs poking out of their bodies, but they possessed the greatest technological affinity out of all of the major races!

Ves frowned. "You mechers are usually good at studying others. How come you misjudged the puelmers?"

"Our estimates are wrong because we didn't account for the possibility of human traitors going out of their way to teach the puelmers how to master our high technology!" Jovy responded in a heated tone.

"WHAT?!"

This was an extremely shocking revelation! Who would be crazy enough to teach the enemies of humanity how to utilize more powerful tech? A lot more human fighters would get killed as a result!

"Do you know who is responsible? What are their motivations?"

"I don't have any definitive answers. I'm not that high up yet to handle affairs at this level." Jovy slumped.

"You have ideas, though, right?"

"I have numerous guesses. The most likely one is that certain powerful elements of humanity are opposed to the invasion of the Red Ocean. For whatever reason, they don't want us to succeed."

"Could it be the first-rate superstates?"

"No. I'm certain they are not responsible. As much as the former hegemons of humanity want to return to the old ways, they have too many reasons to support this invasion. The Terran Alliance and the Rubarthan Pact have managed to claim a lot of territory in the Red Ocean."

"Then… could it be the dissenters within the MTA? The Dissolution Faction, for example?"

"It's… possible." Jovy slowly replied. "They are one of the few humans that have access to so much high technology. I do not think the Dissolutionists are the culprits, though. They are still mechers in their own way and know too well that they would never meet a good end if these treasonous deeds are traced back to them. What happened to the cosmopolitans in the past serves as a powerful example of how their cause will become rejected by anyone if they are driven to extremes."

There was obviously a lot that Jovy wasn't able or willing to say. The Association's internal politics were still frustratingly opaque to outsiders.

Given that Jovy ruled out a couple of the most obvious suggestions, Ves came up with a few guesses of his own.

Perhaps the remnants of the cosmopolitans were responsible. It not only fit with their ideology, but also conformed to their historical behavior.

Another likely suspect was the Five Scrolls Compact. Perhaps the insane cultists thought they could bleed and deplete the main combat forces of the Big Two by empowering the alien opposition.

Ves was disappointed that anyone would turn his back on his own race like this, but there was so much internal conflict among humans that it shouldn't have been a surprise.

"What are the consequences of this development?"

"There are many consequences, but I don't have the complete picture, Ves. There will be changes in the Red Ocean, that's for certain. We'll have to bring in additional warfleets from the old galaxy to hasten our conquest and give the aliens little time to apply the lessons taught by the traitors."

Ves frowned. He didn't like the sound of that. "Won't that weaken the Big Two's hold on the old galaxy? This looks like an obvious ploy to divert your military assets out of the Milky Way."

"If you can see this, so can we." Jovy replied. "The galactic mech councilors are well aware of this possibility, but we must do this regardless. Besides, even if someone thinks they can take advantage of these movements, our warfleets can easily transfer back to the Milky Way on short notice. We haven't been collecting all of that phasewater for nothing."

The mechers had the situation well in hand. Ves felt reassured by Jovy's confidence. It appeared that the intervention of human traitors didn't change the strategic picture too much.

"Should you really be telling me all of this?" Ves wondered. "I mean, don't get me wrong. It's nice to be informed for a change, but I get the feeling that you're being way too open."

"It's okay. I want you to be more informed so that you are better informed of the dangers of the Red Ocean. If you ever encounter a puelmer fleet, please don't think you stand a chance. Even a single puelmer vessel is more than you can take, especially if the alien ship has begun to incorporate human high technology."

"I'll be sure to take that into account." Ves promised. "Any other hazards I should know about?"

"Be even more vigilant towards suspicious humans. While I am sure that you will encounter the traitors responsible for transferring our tech to the aliens, you may cross paths with their agents or allies. Stay vigilant and never allow yourself to be deceived into acting against what is best for humanity."

"I'm not that stupid. I will do my best to avoid this situation."

"Humanity is in a precarious situation. Our policies towards the Red Ocean will soon be adjusted. Pioneers like you will most certainly be expected to shoulder a greater burden."

Ves grew nervous. "Ehh… that doesn't sound reassuring. I'm just a mech designer. What do you expect me to do? I came to the Red Ocean to further my design philosophy."

"You can do that while also contributing to humanity. That is why you are here today."