Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3658 Changing Society

Ves froze and thought for a moment.

Why would the Polymath, one of the smartest and most powerful mech designers of human civilization, state that the CFA was an immediate threat?

Ever since the invasion of the Red Ocean Dwarf Galaxy commenced, Ves thought that the MTA was at its height.

After all, with half of the Milky Way still in the hands of old enemies, why would the mechers support the opening of a completely different front?

The major alien races of the Red Ocean could not possibly pose a threat to human civilization. While their phasewater-derived technology granted them unique technological possibilities, their population base and resource base were wholly inadequate. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Advanced technology or not, Ves did not think the native races of the Red Ocean could halt the onslaught of humanity.

As the principal actors of this invasion, the Mech Trade Association and the Common Fleet Alliance both stood to gain huge benefits.

Not only would humanity's domain expand for the first time in centuries, but they could also harvest much of the phasewater that was particularly abundant in this specific corner of the cosmos.

Ves suddenly jerked.

"Phasewater." He uttered.

This was the key element to the greater picture. Phasewater not only enabled new forms of superluminal travel, but also enhanced the travel capabilities of existing starfaring technology.

"The development of the superdrives that essentially combined the advantages of Red Ocean-style warp drives with Milky Way-style FTL drives absolutely revolutionized human space travel." He continued when the Polymath did not say anything. "This has a profound impact on the speed and reach of our starships, both in realspace and in the higher dimensions. Although phasewater is too scarce to be popularized at the moment, the CFA will most definitely be retrofitting their battleships and other major warships with this new tech. Once their mobility is amplified by a wide degree, their force projection capabilities will become a lot scarier! At the very least, the warfleets stationed in different star clusters won't be as isolated anymore. Their new superdrives enable them to reinforce or reposition themselves in a matter of days instead of weeks!"

The Polymath faintly nodded. "You are correct, Mr. Larkinson. The drastic changes that widespread availability of phasewater has engendered has many implications for humanity. The Common Fleet Alliance benefits most of all as phasewater grants much greater benefits to starships as opposed to mechs. Even if we can make our most powerful battle machines traverse the stars, it is still a relatively inefficient mode of travel and force projection."

"The balance of power will shift." Ves realized. "Both the MTA and CFA will grow stronger after digesting the spoils of the Red Ocean, but your rival will gain most of all. This might cause the fleeters to push for concessions.

He raised his head and looked into the Polymath's eyes.

He never thought it would be possible for him to get so close to an actual living legend, let alone hold a discussion with such a great figure. This entire meeting was still surreal to him. Pretty much every mech designer alive would become incredibly envious if they learned that a young Journeyman of all people had obtained a Star Designer's personal attention!

Of course, Ves did not have any illusions that someone as high up as the Polymath actually cared about his opinions. He already figured that her primary goal was to follow up on a lead of a fragment of the Metal Scroll.

Now that it seemed she would not be able to fulfill her dream, there wasn't much of a reason for her to stay here anymore.

It would be a waste for her to leave straight away. Since Ves still held value outside the Metal Scroll, she might as well stick for a while longer and offer guidance.

"The Common Fleet Alliance will change. Humanity will also change as a result." The Polymath stated. "Our Association will do its best to stand in the way against any changes we deem undesirable, but if our right to speak becomes compromised, then we may not be able to block every change."

"If I may ask, Your Excellency, what sort of changes do the fleeters have in store?"

The Polymath looked away for a moment.

"The fleeters have always been dissatisfied with how humanity is run. In the beginning, they rightfully took possession of the warships formerly in control of human star empires. However, as the Common Fleet Alliance continues to grow more isolated and detached from human society, dangerous undercurrents have appeared. One faction advocates for the limited allowance of the use of warships by lesser human forces. It is well-known that most pioneers in the Red Ocean are outmatched by alien remnant forces."

Ves grew concerned. "Will anyone be able to operate an armed warship?"

"That is the stated goal of this faction. I do not have to tell you how much this measure will negatively impact the mech industry and your own prospects. We are of the opinion that humanity is not ready for the reintroduction of warships as mechs have yet to achieve parity with humanity's premier weapon platform."

He agreed with her. The mech industry needed more time. The gap between mechs and warships was closing with each generation that passed, but he estimated that it would still take a lot of centuries before mechs gained a decisive advantage!

"From the perspective of average people such as myself, warships are considerably more convenient to use, especially in space warfare." He added his opinion. "A single decently-equipped destroyer can wipe out hundreds of mechs before they can even get close. Manning the warships is also a lot less complicated because there is no demand for genetic aptitude. Mechs are smaller and more flexible, but they are also fragile and less efficient in these kinds of engagements. If humans really get the chance to make use of warships, I bet there will be tons of forces that will dump most of their mechs or only reserve them for planetary occupation missions or something."

A heavyweight lingered in the mist-filled air. No matter whether they were Journeymen or Star Designers, both of them would suffer substantial setbacks if the CFA had its way!

"This is not the most frightening threat from the Common Fleet Alliance." The Star Designer ominously said. "There are fleeters that harbor more radical intentions. I shall not burden you with them, but know that while the CFA consists of fellow humans such as ourselves, they are anything but allies of human civilization. They are more akin to leeches that seek to drain our society of all of its value so that they can pursue their own ideals by themselves. It is the job of the MTA to safeguard the true human race and protect it against any threats that seek to weaken it in any fashion."

Ves felt overwhelmed by what the Star Designer said. Her vision and concerns were so much greater and broader than his own. Though he felt concerned by what she said as well, he was not a fellow Star Designer who could hold his own against the Polymath!

His doubts must have been obvious to her because she gave him a small smile.

"It is never too early for mech designers to concern themselves about the future of their profession, Mr. Larkinson. Your rank and status may be low, but your capabilities are anything but. What we have learned from monitoring you and your work gives us hope that you may one day be able to contribute to the victory of mechs against warships."

Ves felt flattered. It wasn't every day that a genuine Star Designer complimented his work!

"That… is a highly optimistic judgment of myself, Your Excellence." He humbly bent his head. "While I have great ambitions, I do not feel I have made enough accomplishments to merit your kind words."

The Polymath adopted an intrigued expression. "There is no need for you to engage in unnecessary modesty. You are far beyond any Journeyman and you know it. Your success in developing both your design philosophy and your more esoteric abilities has turned you into a unique mech designer that may very well transform our entire society."

Ves floated on clouds by now. Though he was a bit frightened by the fact his attempts to downplay his capabilities failed, he did not think that the Polymath had any hostile intentions at this time.

"The premise here is that you will be able to advance to Master. Do not grow complacent. Many talented and special mech designers wished to transform our society as well. I worked and lived alongside many of them. As of now, they are still Journeymen or Seniors while I have long become a Star Designer."

That was because the Polymath advanced way too quickly! She wasn't even two centuries old! All of her old buddies should still have a lot of life left in them. Perhaps they might truly get close one day.

"I understand, Your Excellency. I have never rested on my laurels and I do not intend to do so anytime soon. While I am happy with the strength of my living mechs, I know that they can be so much more."

"What do you know about Mr. S, the individual we presume to be your benefactor?" The Polymath suddenly asked as she gained a sharper intensity.

Ves jerked again.

One moment, the Polymath praised his accomplishments. The next moment, she adopted the persona of an interrogator!

The switch was too abrupt and Ves was caught off-guard. Though he expected the MTA to bring up Mr. S.

"Uhm…"

"Answer me this instant!"

The Polymath had rapidly pushed him into a corner. Ves had to give her an answer quickly, but that left him with little time to come up with a way to maintain the fiction that he had built up in his prior talks with Master Willix.

He had to strain his verbal skill more than any other time in his life!

"Uh, Mr. S. is an extremely skilled mech designer. He's much better than anyone else that I have ever met, though I'm not sure how well he measures up against you. From what little I have seen of his design skills, he's either an extremely skilled Master or…"

All of this was technically true, though Ves deliberately played word games by confusing the meaning of some of his words.

Though he completely believed he told the truth, what the Polymath did not know was that Mr. S. stood for the Mech Designer System instead of an actual human being.

When he appraised Mr. S.'s design skill, he solely based his judgment on the output of the Superpublish function.

Naturally, Ves did not go out of his way to expose his word games.

Ves was glad that he already had practice with employing this means of deception. Would his performance be able to pass muster in front of a Star Designer? That was not something that he could afford to worry about at this moment. Just thinking about it might give his thoughts away, so he resolutely embraced his lies as much as possible!

"What is your means of contact with Mr.S?" The Polymath quickly asked. "Can you initiate communication with him at this time?"

Ves did his best to look helpless as he offered her a response.

"I have only ever contacted him through my comm, Your Excellency. As for your request, I am afraid I cannot meet your demand. Mr. S. has been out of contact with me for a while. I'm on my own, not that we have ever contacted each other too much anyway. I may have benefited significantly from his help and guidance in the early years of my career, but I am a Journeyman now. I am wholly capable of progressing my design philosophy on my own. I do not necessarily want his help anymore."

He spoke all of these words with his true conviction, which would hopefully sell the impression that he was speaking the truth.

The Polymath showed more emotion than before this time. She did not hide her disappointment, which was odd since she was always in control since they began their conversation!

"I owe a debt to Mr. S." She was freely exposed. "To be more exact, I must pay back a sum of 890,000,000 MTA credits or substantially more if we account for inflation."

"What…?"

Ves was gobsmacked!