Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3756 - Certain Lance Project

Both the Light Hunter and the Nanny Project provided the Larkinson Clan with two useful auxiliary mechs.

Although their functions overlapped to an extent, it was better to have both of them rather than just a single one. The Larkinsons had all the detection mechs it needed for the time being!

"We can't keep calling this mech the Nanny Project. Do you have a better name, Juliet?" Ves asked the Penitent Sister mech designer.

"Signal Bearer."

"That will do, I guess."

The names that Juliet came up with didn't sound particularly creative, but they were both appropriate to their respective models.

Once Ves originally updated the database so that the Nanny Project became known as the Signal Bearer, Juliet finally stepped back to allow a different mech designer to take the word.

"Okay, now that we have the new auxiliary mech models out of the way, let's proceed with reviewing the more exciting combat mechs. Dulo, let's start with yours. I enjoyed collaborating on our new lancer mech design."

The group moved until they stood in front of the large and imposing white lancer mech. Compared to the other mechs, it carried a lot more mass, causing it to look bulky and imposing.

Although it was not unusual to see lancer mechs on the mech market, the reason why half of the Larkinson Journeymen knew that it was unusual was because of its glow.

The lancer mech exuded the same vibe that was characteristic to the Transcendent Punisher model!

"The Certain Lance Project is an adaptation of one of the competition mechs I've designed in the past." Ves stated. "It's essentially the more complete and fleshed out version of the Pontifical Lance that I have once developed during the High Tide Tournament back in Chance Bay."

Combining a lancer mech with Ylvaine was an unusual combination, but it worked! The Pontifical Lance's performance during the aforementioned tournament gave Ves enough confidence in its mech concept that he supported the development of the Certain Lance Project!

Even though Ves didn't have enough time to lead the project, he trusted Dulo Voiken to take up this responsibility.

Considering how good the finished version of the Certain Lance Project looked, Ves did not choose wrong!

After Ves introduced the lancer mechs to the ones who hadn't been involved in the project, Dulo took over the presentation.

"Our clan already has access to a lancer mech in the form of the Bright Warrior in the right configuration, it is not a particularly good one to be honest. The surveys we've conducted among our mech pilots has revealed that even if they are proficient in piloting lancer mechs, they have serious concerns about the durability and survivability of a lancer mech that isn't fully designed to perform this way." Dulo explained.

Ves and Gloriana both frowned a bit after they heard this. They had put serious effort into designing the four configurations of the Bright Warrior. They did not think their work was all that bad when used as a lancer mech, but it was hard to counter this negative impression.

The Bright Warrior in its lancer mech configuration indeed performed less optimally than dedicated lancer mech models.

"The Certain Lance Project is meant to provide our clan with a reliable solution." Dulo continued. "While I have never worked on a lancer mech design project that is able to receive 'guidance' from a higher authority, I did my best to do its mech concept justice. Compared to the Pontifical Lance, the Certain Lance Project is much more mature and capable of performing deadly charges."

Just like Juliet, Dulo Voiken summoned a projection that displayed the design of the Certain Lance Project.

"Let's start with offense. The mech's main weapon is its heavy lance. It can carry three of them in total, which is important because each of the lances are designed to break when they are subjected to an excessive amount of force."

Ketis asked a question. "How much force is too much force?"

"The threshold is determined by how much force the Certain Lance Project can withstand before incurring serious damage." Dulo smoothly answered her question. "I am sure that all of you know that lancer mechs have to withstand the same amount of force it directs towards its target with every successful charging run. Lancer mechs usually enjoy an advantage in this aspect because much of the force they endure is dispersed across a reinforced arm and body structure. Their frames are also expressly designed to absorb and negate as much of the force as possible. Making the lance break at a certain threshold will limit the amount of damage the target will incur, but it will also save the lancer mech from getting disabled."

The Certain Lance Project was therefore able to charge at high speeds without worrying too much about crippling or destroying itself.

"There is still the danger of colliding against an enemy." Ketis remarked.

Dulo nodded in acknowledgement. "That is a risk that every lancer mech pilot has to bear. This is also why the Certain Lance Project possesses substantial defenses. I have solicited my sister's help in designing its special armor system. I think it is best for her to explain the details of how this mech is more survivable than many other lancer mechs."

Sara Voiken smiled. "My design philosophy is highly compatible with lancer mechs. The lancer mech's armor system is expressly designed to negate, absorb and redirect as much physical force as possible. This not only applies to enemy attacks, but also to collisions. The shape of the mech is one of its best tools to survive collisions. Different from all of the other mechs in our clan, the front side of the Certain Lance Project is shaped as a wedge."

The Certain Lance Project looked like someone merged the bow of a ship to the front torso of a mech!

The mech looked a lot sillier due to this drastic addition. Not only did it add more bulk to the mech design, it also got in the way if the lancer mech ever tried to wield a weapon in a dogfight!

"The wedge hinders a lot of actions that the Certain Lance Project can undertake, but it is a crucial tool that can help it survive 80 percent more collisions than normal." Sara proudly claimed. "As long as the lancer mech isn't locked into battle against enemy melee mechs, this wedge gives its mech pilot greater confidence in surviving a powerful charging run."

Ves didn't think the mech pilots assigned to the new mech model when it became available needed any of the encouragement.

Just its connection with the Great Prophet was enough to make the Eye of Ylvaine pilots confident! Their morale was always high whenever Ylvaine was involved!

Still, it was nice not to worry about losing half a lancer mech unit after performing a single charge. The Larkinson Clan couldn't afford to suffer heavy losses with every charging run!

Sara Voiken dug up the footage of a simulated test where the Certain Lance Project built up a lot of speed and charged against an enemy heavy space knight.

The latter was substantially heavier than the Certain Lance Project and was protected by multiple layers of thick armor. The defensive mech was able to withstand a huge amount of punishment due to its bulk!

"With the defenses of this heavy space knight, ranged mechs will not be able to inflict internal damage before they can whittle down the defenses of this defensive machine. A lancer mech such as the Certain Lance Project offers hope of eliminating or crippling it in a single blow. However, the lancer mech must first build up enough momentum before it gains enough lethal power."

The projected simulation footage showed an example of how it could be wrong.

In the simulated test run, the Certain Lance Project circled around and steadily built up its speed.

When the lancer mech initiated a charging run against an opponent, it did not build up enough momentum.

The result of this was that the lance got stuck halfway through the frontal armor of the defensive mech!

"As you can see, momentum is king for lancer mechs." Sara stated. "The only way for the Certain Lance Project to pose a threat against such a powerful mech is to continue accelerating forward. This is rather dangerous as many mech pilots cannot fully understand how much momentum they need to build up to destroy their targets. Making the lance breakable is one solution. Forming the front side of the model into a wedge is another solution. Combined with my ability to negate or lessen the physical forces acting on the lancer mech, all of these advantages combine into a result that can boost its safety limit."

Sara showed a similar clip but this time the Certain Lance Project built up a lot more momentum!

Once it initiated its charge, the enemy mech never left its sights. Once the two mechs made contact with each other, the lance successfully penetrated deep into the heavy space knight's chassis!

"What an impressive result." Janassa Pellier said.

Dulo felt flattered. "What we have shown you is only a fraction of what the Certain Lance Project can do. There are other charging scenarios that can showcase its different functions."

There was one simulated footage where the Certain Lance Project did not bother to use a lance at all. It invested completely into its wedge-shaped torso, allowing its shape to inflict a lot of collision damage without incurring the same penalty!

Another clip showed what happened when the Certain Lance Project was caught in a melee battle.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Due to the Certain Lance Project's sluggish movements and hindrances from its ostentatious-looking wedge, the mech did not perform nearly as well as a swordsman mech.

It was only able to thrust its spare spear forward. If it attempted to perform a horizontal sweep or any other move with high demands, the Certain Lance Project was unable to execute them due to the giant wedge in the way!

"As you can see, the Certain Lance Project is an all-in attack machine that cannot afford to get entangled in the middle of an enemy formation." Sara resumed. "This is a mech that only has to do one job well, which is to perform a charge against a concentrated group of enemy machines."

Under more favorable conditions, the Certain Lance Project blew the Bright Warrior in its lancer mech configuration out of the water!

Sara Voiken enhanced its defenses and massively improved its shock absorbing systems.

Juliet also pitched in and added in a flight system that was able to generate more thrust power than average. This was key to building up momentum quickly!

With both of their contributions, Dulo was able to integrate them into a lancer mech that could charge with blazing speeds and could even turn collisions into its weapons!

As long as the Certain Lance Project did not collide against an enemy mech head-on, much of the destructive forces would be deflected away due to its wedged-shaped torso!

"It can only perform three successful charge attacks before it runs out of lances, but that should be enough." Ketis' eyes twinkled. "With the power and momentum this lancer mech can display, it can punch through the thickest enemy mechs!"

Dulo Voiken chuckled. "Let's not get carried away, please. There are still first-class mechs and alien warships to consider. Both of them can easily resist a charge. What I can say is that it is difficult to design a lancer mech that can unleash even stronger charges. Outside of the Amaranto's full-powered attacks, the Certain Lance Project is able to deal the most powerful individual blows!"

This was what mattered the most. Lancer mechs existed for this reason. Although it was a lot more difficult to make use of them against a typical alien fleet, they still enjoyed a lot of advantages against an unprepared human force!

"Power by itself means nothing if it is not properly directed." Ves said. "This is where its glow comes in. If the Ylvainan mech pilots are able to obtain the Great Prophet's assistance, they should always be able to target the right weak points with their lances!"

This was the true charm of the lancer mech project! The Certain Lance Project wouldn't be nearly as effective without this additional function!