Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3908 Flesh vs Metal

From the way the Paracelsus Optimus deployed her mechs, it was clear that the emphasis lay on the Interstellar Harpooners.

The mechs were not only armored with large and strong harpoon launchers, but also possessed an arsenal of energy weapons, stabilization modules and other features that allowed them to fight against phase whales as well as other threats in different ways.

Ves wasn't sure who designed the Interstellar Harpooners, but according to the public sources on the galactic net, they were most likely designed by Masters that excelled in spatial stability, gravitic stability and force neutralization.

Any mech could kill a phase whale as long as they were strong enough, but few of them could accomplish the more difficult feat of subduing and capturing a phase whale alive!

He frowned at this realization. "Is the MTA looking to capture whatever monster comes out of Auralis?"

This was a dangerous and risky course of action. Given how much effort the so-called Flesh Conqueror put into setting up the fish-whales, Ves thought that it was a bit too careless to aim for capturing the possible monstrosity that might come out after the Cerebral King brought the giant phase whale skeleton back to life!

Still, whatever happened, Ves and the rest of the Golden Skull Alliance were probably about to enjoy a good show.

Time continued to pass by as Auralis slowly began to shake like a rumbling engine. The heavy metal planet behaved as if it was constantly building up pressure.

If this pattern continued, the eventual explosion would definitely launch a lot of heavy rocks and other matter in every direction!

This was extremely dangerous for the Simile Halifax and the Paracelsus Optimus. Ves keenly noted that the two ships had come a bit closer to the unstable planet than he would have been comfortable with. What if a continent-sized landmass suddenly launched straight in their direction?

Even if the Paracelsus Optimus possessed enough defenses to withstand such an immense strike, her defenses would be sorely depleted after withstanding so much force!

"Who knows what the mechers are thinking."

To be honest, with everything that Ves had witnessed in recent days, he felt that a single battlecarrier might not be enough to address this threat. The phase whales were already known to be powerful, but their deviants and outliers were even more formidable!

The rumored clean whales were so far beyond the average phase whales that numerous alien archives described them as tyrants that dominated different eras of the Red Ocean!

Ves felt that the MTA was taking this potential galaxy-class threat far too lightly.

Just as he thought the mechers were waiting for Auralis to explode before taking action, the mechs that had flown close to the unstable planet took action at this time!

A number of mechs all launched odd-looking devices that steadily fell onto the surface of Auralis.

Once they made it to the surface, the devices drilled through the surface in order to fulfill an unknown purpose.

After that, the mechs surrounding Auralis grouped up and assumed defensive formations.

"It looks like the MTA is about to take action!"

After a short delay, the largest missile launcher on the Paracelsus Optimus suddenly fired a missile that triggered a lot of alarms as soon as the sensors caught glimpses of the massive object before it accelerated at an unreasonable rate!

"That's an anti-matter missile! The MTA is attempting to blow up Auralis in advance!"

This was actually a really clever move. Rather than allowing an alien to take the initiative by blowing up the planet on its terms, the mechers might as well preempt this move and try to ruin whatever was buried beneath the surface!

The missile was only visible for a short time before it zipped right towards Auralis!

Strangely enough, the immensely powerful missile did not explode upon contact with the soil but instead phased through it in a manner that reminded Ves of Lucky!

It only took seconds later for the missile to explode, though. The scout ship that observed what had happened detected an explosive release of energy from the interior Auralis!

The detonation not only accelerated Auralis' collapse, but also caused this process to go out of control!

Ves was both horrified and impressed by the sight.

It appeared that he would have to live with the fact that the MTA helped blow up one of the first planets that he had named!

The apocalyptic consequences of blowing up a heavy metal planet was difficult to describe.

A huge quantity of broken shards of land and rock flung away from the position of the former planet.

Their sizes varied as many were the size of mechs or a bit larger while a few were large enough to flatten several cities at once!

Strangely enough, none of the large and threatening chunks of rock came close to striking the MTA warships and the mechs that had deployed in space.

The smaller planet pieces that did come close to striking them were either blasted with various weapons or blocked by powerful energies.

Normally, mechs would have a very hard time blocking so much planetary debris.

Ves wouldn't have chosen to deploy the mechs in the open if he knew this would happen!

The mechs did not budge from their places, though.

What surprised him was that the machines did not entirely rely on their own inherent forms of defense to withstand the heavy rocks being flung in their direction!

Numerous different arrays on the hull of the Paracelsus Optimus lit up. Once they became sufficiently charged, they fired many different beams towards many different mech units!Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

The bright and powerful beams all struck distinctive-looking mechs of the same design!

Ves could see from their construction and their design that they were highly slanted towards defense and utility.

When these mechs captured the energy beams emitted by the Paracelsus Optimus, they suddenly projected huge energy shields that were large enough to cover a lot of mechs!

As soon as these large energy shields popped up around every mech formation, the planetary debris were no longer capable of shaking the mechs.

"Shield link technology!"

Shield link technology was one of the premier defensive methods of the Big Two. In this case, the Paracelsus Optimus essentially extended its extremely powerful energy shields to mechs that were ordinarily unable to sustain such a powerful defensive measure.

The mechs that were channeling all of the extended shields did not have to do any of the heavy lifting.

It was the battlecarrier that was doing most of the work!

The mechs were only needed to receive the shielding power from the Paracelsus Optimus and project them in the right places.

Through this measure, the 3000 MTA mechs easily withstood this calamity! Read latest chapters at Freeᴡebnovel.cᴏm Only.

Once most of the planetary debris had passed by the battlecarrier and her mechs, Ves curiously looked towards the coordinates occupied by the destroyed planet.

"What is that?"

A fleshy egg was left in place. The egg was relatively small compared to the planet but was definitely larger than a number of moons!

Right now, this egg was clearly damaged to a severe degree. There were a lot of bloody cuts and it looked as if the giant organic construct was experiencing difficulty with healing all of its injuries!

The egg did not sit around and do nothing, though. It jerkily began to move away the mechers even as it attempted to remedy its most grievous wounds.

"Is that… the phase whale version of a starship?"

This was odd as the phase whales generally relied on their bodies to traverse the stars!

The phase whales were all large when they reached adulthood and were already capable of warping towards other star systems as long as they absorbed a decent amount of phasewater. Given their natural talents, there was no reason for them to bother with building starships for themselves, especially since they needed to be as big as smaller moons like this fleshy egg!

As Ves continued to observe the fleshy egg, he began to grow suspicious. "This alien vessel is not ordinary, but… I bet its condition is not as great as it should now that the MTA blew up the planet early."

The MTA all opened fire on the alien construct. They employed a variety of weapons such as laser beams, physical projectiles, plasma bolts, missiles and more!

The surface of the fleshy egg was quite dense and resilient, but all of the cuts and open wounds made it a lot easier for the mechs to damage the alien construct.

The Paracelsus Optimus did not even bother to open fire with any of her weapon systems even though her firepower should be more than enough to crack open this fleshy orb!

"It would be more efficient to do so as well considering that this alien object is practically stationary." Ves surmised.

First-class mechs or not, the relatively small calibers of the weapons of all of the mechs made it difficult to destroy the fleshy egg in a short amount of time.

Several minutes passed as the gigantic object slowly began to rupture as its abused layers finally couldn't take it any longer!

The egg finally parted, revealing a liquid-filled interior with a single large organism resting in the center!

When Ves beheld the huge whale creature that was previously ensconced within the fleshy egg, he already had a good idea of its identity.

"Is it the Cerebral King or the Flesh Conqueror?"

The size and shape of this immense creature was a good match for the bones left behind in the Royal Tomb!

With a length of just over 12 kilometers, the super whale outmassed and outsized the Paracelsus Optimus!

The power exuding from its monstrously large body made it easy for Ves and others to believe that it was a mythical clean or unclean whale.

However, Ves wasn't completely sure whether the Flesh Conqueror had truly come back to life due to how much of the Cerebral King its body had inherited.

The most distinctive trait was copying the rippling azure scales that previously covered the king fish's body. This indicated that the resurrected body inherited at least a portion of fish-whale physiology.

The similarities between the two confirmed that the rise of this super whale was definitely related to the Cerebral King!

The super whale's expression looked human enough to make it clear that it was really angry at the mechs and ships.

Still, despite its size and power, the enormous whale did not opt to retaliate against the human forces.

It instead attempted to leave this place!

Ves could already observe the characteristic distortion that indicated that the super whale was about to warp itself away.

Yet before the alien monster could make a quick getaway, the MTA mechs took action at this time!

The well-trained mech pilots of the Interstellar Harpooners had already been waiting to make their moves. The machines just happened to be positioned all around the super whale.

Once the mech pilots received their latest orders, the mechs all moved forward and launched their harpoons at the enormous super whale at the same time!

Spatial barriers and other exotic blocking mechanisms attempted to stop or divert these harpoons.

However, the projectiles they launched were not made of ordinary materials. The harpoons were not only incredibly hard, but also extremely resistant to spatial effects!

The harpoons practically pierced through every spatial barrier and other defenses like needles going through balloons.

Every single harpoon sunk deep into the flesh of the super whale!

The alien creature roared in pain as the harpoons dug into its body, making it difficult if not impossible for it to dislodge these stuck projectiles!

What was worse was that the sharp implements were all attached to energy cables that connected them to the Interstellar Harpooners that originally launched them all. This caused the super whale's body to be surrounded by different energy strings!

When the massive creature attempted to move away, most of the energy strings grew taut, causing the mechs connected to them to experience a huge dragging force.

Though Ves thought it was impossible for the Interstellar Harpooners to immobilize the super whale due to the immense difference in mass and power, what was strange was that the machines weren't as weak as he thought!

The Interstellar Harpooners all channeled a lot of power to a mysterious module that seemed to increase their mass and anchor their frames to their current positions.

With the help of these technological tricks, the mechs somehow gained the power to inhibit the movements of the super whale!

"This… this is amazing!"