Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3949 Dangerous Temptation

Ves presented numerous different ideas to Jovy.

Despite the relatively limited variety of spiritual ingredients at his disposal, he knew there were many different ways to squeeze different expressions out of them. Only his imagination limited how extensively he could stretch and combine his ingredients.

Each of the companion spirit concepts he unveiled to his MTA buddy only centered around a single ability.

Though Ves could blend multiple ingredients together to create more complex companion spirits, the output was a lot harder to control if he adopted this approach.

He did not want to take any excessive risks this time. Jovy was not only his most valuable investment vehicle in the MTA, but also a promising mech designer who might turn into an extremely desirable collaboration partner in the future.

Ves did not want to bear the responsibility for ruining this bright prospect!

Just the fact that the MTA would surely make him answer for his mistakes was enough to keep him honest!

Since Jovy also served as the MTA's initial volunteer for companion spirits. Ves wanted to be extra certain that the end result was both positive and beneficial. The gift he wanted to impart had to bring immediate and obvious benefits in order to make the best possible case for further cooperation!

"...the metal eater companion spirit is a bit more special than the other ones. In my expectations, it can initially give you a much more intuitive understanding of metals and ores, which will provide a lot of help to you when designing and fabricating mechs. However, the true potential of this option is to grant you the possibility to 'eat' or 'corrode' mechs and other metal constructs. The more powerful it becomes, the more you can theoretically weaken mechs. Combined with your deep understanding of mechs, it should not be difficult for you to disable their key components and instantly cause them to collapse."

As Jovy listened to his friend Ves unveil his seventeenth creative idea, he had gone past the point of feeling surprised and shocked.

Now, all he felt was absurdity.

Yes, absurdity.

He heard so many fantastical and ridiculous premises from Ves that Jovy no longer bothered to question whether the Larkinson Patriarch was exaggerating the power of companion spirits anymore.

There were so many boasts and descriptions of powerful abilities that Jovy just assumed that he would be able to wield these powers, if not today then in the future.

Although a lot of these powers sounded like outright magic, who was Jovy? He himself mastered an elusive aspect of quantum mechanics in advance and was able to affect reality to an extent!Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

This remarkable accomplishment was also why he successfully became a key training prospect in the MTA.

Having met and exchanged with many remarkable mech designers and mech pilots, Jovy's awareness and cognition of the more extraordinary side of reality was broader than many other people.

Besides, the Simile Halifax accompanied and monitored the Larkinson Clan for such a long time that Jovy already knew a lot about what Ves was capable of. The possibilities presented by the proposed companion spirits were not too far removed from his existing works!

As Ves was about to reveal his eighteenth companion spirit concept, Jovy interrupted his friend by raising his palm.

"Enough. I think I've heard enough. These ideas all sound interesting, but I think you are increasingly grasping at straws the further you go down your list. I mean, a companion spirit that can eat metal? Really?"

Ves responded with a mysterious smile. "A few weeks ago, a gigantic projection of a golden man punched a whale."

"That's a special case and you know it. Unity of Man and Machine is an exceptionally rare and powerful outburst of power generated by the perfect resonance between a mech pilot and a mech. What you are talking about here is the notion that a relatively small, human-bound psionic construct can directly sabotage mechs."

"Maybe not at the start, but I'm sure your companion spirit can become a nasty enemy of mechs once it has grown for a century or so. If you manage to advance to Master Mech Designer at this time, then that is even better!"

"There is little point for a mech designer like myself to acquire the power granted by such a companion spirit." Jovy responded with a hint of disdain in his voice and expression. "I am part of the greatest human organization in existence. My status in the Association is not low either, or else I wouldn't have been promoted to tier 6 galactic citizenship so soon. You might not be able to see it, but I am protected round the clock. I also have teleporters and other escape measures at my disposal. As long as there is any hint of a credible risk to my life, I will quickly be ushered back to a stronghold. I do not need an ability that can weaken mechs. We have tools and production equipment to do that in our stead."

"I guess you're right." Ves awkwardly smiled. "Perhaps I was projecting myself too much in your place when I came up with these potential ideas. I would love to have them myself, you see. I guess I would rather have more power in my own hands rather than depend on equipment and guards that might not always be as reliable or available as I wish."

"That is an odd opinion coming from a mech designer such as yourself. I would have thought that you would place a lot more confidence in mechs such as your Everchanger."

"The Everchanger and my other works are strong, but what is the point when I can't bring them everywhere I go? Look at me right now. You have teleported me to the Simile Halifax, thereby cutting me off from all of my honor guards and my mech entourage."

"We're allies and partners, Ves. We mean you no harm."

"I trust you, Jovy, but is every mecher just as trustworthy? Tell me the truth. Are there people within your vast and diverse Association who will not hesitate to harm me and my interests?"

The MTA Journeyman could not lie in order to make his organization sound good, and both of them knew it. The Mech Trade Association was filled with too many different interests, any of which could harbor malicious designs towards Ves.

This was also why the Transhumanist Faction was so keen on suppressing any news about Ves' most remarkable accomplishments.

"I concede that your situation is indeed a lot more precarious than mine." Jovy sighed. "I am in a different position than you. I am far better protected than you, but that doesn't mean I can do my work in peace. My research projects are so difficult that I have to rely on my talents in order to progress. I also have to compete against other prospects like myself in order to obtain a greater share of merits, funding, resources and tutoring."

A mech designer must always work hard in order to make better mechs. The MTA expected the best out of its own mech designers and did not intend for Jovy to grow complacent!

Ves gained a bit more understanding of all of the pressure that Jovy was facing in his career. Although the life of an MTA mech designer was still superior to that of an indigenous mech designer, the pressure of competition was far greater in an organization that adopted a meritocratic system!

"If you think that achieving success in your work is critical, then I think you should go for my third suggestion." Ves calmly replied.

Jovy frowned. "You mean the eyeball companion spirit? I can see how well it can synergize with my existing specialization and talents, but I can also see how it can have an adverse influence on my work ethic, my results and even my design philosophy. I fear… the combination may turn me into a different mech designer than I originally wanted to become. The power of foresight, if real, is too tempting. Even a hint of it can corrupt a mech designer such as myself."

Inwardly, Ves agreed with this vigilant attitude. Prophet Ylvaine's case was a good example of how people could get lost in power.

Still, that did not mean that this suggestion was bad.

"You are different from average people." Ves stated. "You are a mecher. You have pioneered a new field in mech design. You have climbed on top of many other mech designers through a combination of hard work and talent. Not only that, but you have access to a lot of help and advice. Will you truly be susceptible to the same risks and temptations that can tear down weaker individuals?"

His words directly referenced Jovy's earlier boasts about himself.

While the MTA Journeyman did not assume an arrogant air when he was in the company of Ves, his confidence and self-esteem were actually quite high!

How could Jovy admit his weaknesses so easily? Wouldn't that invalidate his earlier descriptions about himself?

"You're not wrong, Ves. I know I am better than many of my peers. I don't dare to say that I am superior to you, but my mech designs are actually not that bad compared to your living mechs."

"I would love it if you could show me to them one day." Ves smiled.

"One day." Jovy promised. "As much as I like to heap praise on myself, that is not the point of this meeting. I need to make a choice, but I still don't know what I am getting into. Can you elaborate why you recommend your third suggestion despite its numerous problems?"

"As I have said before, the eyeball companion spirit is a great fit for you. Knowledge is power, and that counts double for mech designers such as ourselves. While I am sure your ability to read probabilities can simulate foresight to an extent, it is too much anchored in the present if my guess is right. It should also only be effective on more material and solid phenomena. What my third proposal can offer is the potential to expand the range of your information gathering capabilities. Doesn't that sound great? You will always enjoy an information advantage compared to your peers!"

Jovy frowned. "Not necessary. What of the risk factors? What of the eyeball companion spirit's relations to the Ylvainan Faith? Can you guarantee that I will not be negatively influenced by this connection?"

"Relax. I wouldn't worry so much. You are your own person. If you do not want to embrace the Ylvainan Faith, then neither you nor your companion spirit will get affected. As I have told you in the past, your companion spirit is a part of yourself. It won't convert to religion against your wishes. Your control over the other half is too strong for that. As its designer, I can program and specify a lot of different aspects about your companion spirit. If you really do not want it to embrace any faith, you can tell me to hardwire that instruction in its spiritual programming."

"You can do that, Ves?"

Ves grinned. "I can do at least that much. My control over life forms such as companion spirits is not absolute, but I can still influence their starting line and development patterns. It will be up to you to nurture your companion spirit and determine its growth direction. The ultimate point of companion spirits is that its personality and abilities are shaped according to your needs. It will never hinder you as long as you raise it well."

A few minutes passed as Jovy tried to make a choice. Eventually, he realized that he was too conflicted to make a judgment at this time.

"I need to think about this further. For now, I would like you to write a more extensive report on a couple of suggestions that I prefer. I will go over them and possibly share them with others before settling on a choice. Does that sound good, Ves?"

"There's no hurry, Jovy. We haven't even reached Davute as of yet. Keep thinking about what I have said. I am confident in my work. Each of them are solid. You just need to decide for yourself how you wish to boost your career. If you ask me, I would go for the option with the highest degree of synergy with your existing capabilities. This will yield a far greater return on investment."

"Greater profits always come with greater risks."