Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"So let me get this straight. You want to create a training mech that can pull in itself and its mech pilot into an illusionary world that can reproduce any mech battle to a degree that goes beyond the most advanced virtual simulations. All this without adding any expensive gizmos to the training mech in question. Is that correct?"

"Err, yes."

Helena's floating and semi-intangible form did not look amused. "While I do not understand technology as much as you, I've learned quite a bit since I was born. I am pretty sure that an endeavor like this requires a huge amount of processing power, something which even the biggest and most advanced supercomputers struggle to provide. I don't think a single mech or mech design can handle the incredibly load needed to simulate a battle at an ultra-realistic level."

She hit the nail right on the head. Ves was surprised that she possessed enough depth and understanding of modern technology to identify the greatest challenge of the Mental Simulation Training System.

Nothing came for free. It was all well and good for Ves to develop the ambition to create a combat simulation program that rivaled and possibly exceeded the performance of the best virtual simulation programs, but all of that required the support of hardware that was just as powerful!

This was a major obstacle. Ves might have recently invested tens of millions of MTA merits on first-class processing banks, but they were completely inadequate to support the operation of the MSTS.

While they might be powerful enough to run a dozen or even a couple of hundred realistic battle scenarios, what about a thousand? What about a million?

The more the completed Tutor Project got sold, the more training mechs demanded the use of the MSTS!

No matter how the LMC marketed the Tutor Project, it was extremely doubtful that it could generate enough profit to keep up with the growing demand on processing power!

However, Ves showed no concern about this problem at all. This was because he already had a possible solution in place.

"The MSTS is not a digital system. It is not appropriate to rely on electronic hardware to run its operations. Since my revolutionary new training system is based in spiritual engineering, it should operate from a spiritual server!"

"A… spiritual… server…?"

"Exactly. A spiritual server." Ves grinned. "It just so happens that the most powerful spiritual constructs that I have access to are spiritual entities like you and one of your mothers! As native spiritual entities, I have noticed that your kind are able to think in parallel with few if any limitations. The stronger you become, the more you can split your concentration and pay attention to many things at once. If you think about it, it is amazing that you can absorb and process so much input at once."

Helena smugly smirked while lifting up her chin in pride. "Hehe. That's because we're gods. You puny mortals cannot understand how great we are. We are unbound by mortal constraints. While you humans need to build expensive and difficult supercomputers to do anything complicated, we merely have to rely on our own inherent power to perform these tasks without effort!"

This was good news to Ves! Though he was unable to judge how much of Helena's boasting was accurate, he already possessed another source of information that provided him with similar answers.

Since Helena was meant to play an important role in this innovation, he began to explain the basic setup of his ambitious MSTS to his sister.

He waved his hand and activated a new projection. The image displayed the current iteration of the Tutor Project.

It already looked pretty complete at this advanced stage.

"The starting point of the training mech. Let us imagine that this is a real mech that a mech academy has just put into service. Now imagine that a typical mech cadet is allowed to enter its cockpit and interface with the machine."

A simulated mech pilot appeared in view and did just that. The Tutor Project came online and adjusted the length and proportions of its limbs and torso in order to better accommodate the young potentate.

"As a training mech, its primary function is to provide its young pilot with real piloting experience, so it will do just that. This is a function that all training mechs share so my Tutor Project does not need to resort to anything fancy when functioning like a mech in reality."

The Tutor Project performed the same as a Chiron mech in regard. Compared to competing training mechs, the products of Ves had the advantage of being alive and possessing a glow that both enhanced their piloting and training characteristics.

However, this was not the extent of the Tutor Project's functionality.

Ves waved his hand again, causing the projected scenario to change. The Tutor Project no longer moved and sparred against other training mechs but returned to a safe berth before its third eye started glowing in blue.

"When a mech cadet and his Tutor Project maintains an active connection with the server that hosts the MSTS, its third eye will glow like this. I will program settings that allow the buyers and owners to restrict access to this function or set a time limit on it, but you don't need to hear that. All you need to know is that the mech will make a connection with Vulcan, because I intend for him to act as the server."

Helena raised her eyebrows. "Vulcan? You mean your 'other' self? Really? Can your godly alter ego even handle the load?"

"I am pretty sure he can. Vulcan possesses the deepest and most extensive understanding of mechs, technology and the natural laws that govern reality out of all of my design spirits. He can simulate the performance of mechs with much greater accuracy and much less effort because of his constantly growing database of technological accumulation. It is best at simulating the performance of my own products for obvious reasons, but as long as Vulcan and I continue to get exposed to more mechs designed by others, my Mental Simulation Training System's database will constantly be updated with fresh new models!"

Though Helena had fought against the dark gods and slain many fanatics who fought under the banner of the Abyss Empire, she looked completely amazed at the moment.

What Ves had just unveiled went far beyond her understanding of spiritual engineering or spiritual sorcery!

She greatly doubted whether Vulcan was even capable of hosting and running this so-called MSTS. Even as a fellow god, she did not think that her 'other' brother could run thousands or even millions of simulations at a time.

"It's not as onerous as you think." Ves clarified to his sister. "The MSTS is not a free program per se. Each and every mech cadet that interfaces with the Tutor Project mechs will automatically supply their spiritual feedback to Vulcan, whether they connect to the MSTS or not. I hope that this automatic interaction will be enough to cover for the energy needs of this spiritual program."

"What if there is a deficit?" Helena critically asked.Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

"If demand exceeds supply, then I will just have to impose a limit on the further. I can set a time limit on how many minutes each Tutor Project is able to make use of the MSTS. I can also tie its use to how long the training mech is utilized in ordinary training sessions. I believe that even if the Tutor Project can only access the MSTS once a week, it will still be a desirable product!"

After all, with all of the realism and advantages of his planned spiritual training systems, Ves did not doubt that its performance exceeded that of other simulation systems!

Not even the most cutting-edge simulators available to first-raters could replicate the more remarkable features of his own invention!

"Okay." Helena said as she playfully fiddled with her Death Lotus. The living spiritual construct turned from a flower into a pistol and back again under her manipulation. "I can accept that Vulcan may be capable enough to act as the server. What then? All of the simulation programs that I'm familiar with are built up over many years. It's really difficult to simulate reality to the point where mechs can fight against each other or other kinds of opponents such as warships and exobeasts. Do you have the programmers and other personnel that can create such an extensive combat training simulation program?"

Ves shook his head. "Nope. While I can hire the right professionals or better yet acquire a software company that already engages in this business, it is not necessary in my opinion. I can probably program it myself, but with my current level of productivity, it will probably take a decade for me to complete a fully functional spiritual simulation program. Fortunately, there is a better option available. Vulcan himself is capable of completing the MSTS by himself. In fact, he has already started with constructing its foundation ever since I came up with the basic concept. It won't take too much time before he has completed its basic framework that is ready for testing."

Helena turned her Death Lotus back into its decorative flower form before pinning it onto her dress like a brooch.

"It sounds to me that you have everything well in hand." She spoke. "Where do I exactly fit in? You mentioned earlier that you wanted me to be involved. What do I need to do, and more importantly, what is in it for me? I'm a busy god, Ves. I am not in the habit of spreading my power for free."

He, like brother, like sister. Ves expected her to make such a remark.

"Don't worry, little sister. As I've already mentioned, the MSTS is primarily supported by Vulcan because he will be doing most of the work. His main responsibility is simulating the environment as well as the performance of any tech that is present. What he cannot do as well is simulate the performance of the NPCs or non-player characters. These are the simulated allies and enemies that enrich a battle scenario. The Quint will be responsible for this. My masterwork mech possesses a great understanding of mech pilots and how they think and fight. The opponents that mech cadets will face in my MSTS will be a lot trickier and more flexible than the usual opponents in typical battle scenarios. For that, my masterwork mech will receive a proportion of the spiritual feedback as compensation for his services."

"What about me, Ves?"

"You are the cherry on top that gives my MSTS the ultimate edge over competing battle simulation programs." He smiled. "You don't need to do anything too complicated unlike Vulcan and the Quint. All I want from you is to increase the realism of my battle scenarios by adding the threat of death to them. Don't misunderstand me. I don't want you to kill the mech cadets that fail their training scenarios and end up dying in them. I just want you to expose them to your glow, just enough to stimulate their primal fears and encourage them to take the simulations more seriously. Do you understand why I need your help?"

The latest_epi_sodes are on_the ʟɪʙʀᴇᴀᴅ.ᴄᴏᴍ. website.

His sister wasn't stupid. She had experienced many battles and harvested many lives since she came into existence and took part in the ongoing Nyxian War.

"I've noticed that many mech pilots are able to perform well above their usual level of performance when they think their deaths are imminent." She said. "Whenever I make an appearance, those that are able to overcome their fears will explode and hold nothing back because they realize that they have nothing left to lose. It's quite annoying, actually. Some mech pilots are so spooked by me that they even break through to expert candidate, not that it helps. A single slap from me is enough to end their little displays of power."

Her story only confirmed that Ves was thinking in the right direction!

"What you have just described is a phenomenon that many mech pilots are already familiar with. They always value the opportunity to risk their lives in real battles because they are aware that they are more likely to draw out their hidden potential under the most desperate circumstances."

Helena nodded in understanding. "Even in the midst of death, life always finds a way. The greater the death, the greater the possibility for life to bloom. This is the magic of yin and yang."

"What I am aiming to do with the Tutor Project and the MSTS will not be exaggerated. I don't want the customers of my upcoming training mech to die because you have scared them to death with your glow. I also don't want to bear the blame of traumatizing an entire generation of mech cadets to the point where they have no courage to apply for the riskier jobs. I just need you to expose them to a taste of death. This way, they will not only grow and mature a little faster, but will also be better prepared for the real battles that they will take part in the future."

"Hmm… that doesn't sound too complicated for me. I can do this much at least."

"That's great! I will allocate a small proportion of spiritual feedback as remuneration for your services. Don't underestimate this minor share. If the MSTS is as successful as I hope, my training mechs will sell like hotcakes! Your ongoing participation will give you access to a stable and long-term source of sustenance. Doesn't that sound great?"

"It does, but it's not entirely necessary for me. I'm a god, after all. People are already worshiping me the old-fashioned way."

Ves decided not to comment on that.