Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Ves was frozen in shock.

Calabast had just presented him with a question that could potentially shake the foundation of his belief in mechs!

As much as Ves didn't want to think about this difficult topic, the spymaster did not intend to let him off this time.

"Nothing lasts forever, Ves." She said in a matter-of-fact tone. "In the past, humanity fought with spears and bows, but where are they now? Once upon a time, infantry was actually formidable in battle, but that has no longer applied for several millennia. Obsolescence can apply to everything, even the mechs that you value so much."

"Mechs are not weak!"

"While I admit that they are fairly powerful at the moment, and they even show a trend of catching up to warships with the help of phasewater technology. However, what if other technological advances are made that grant enormous advantages to warships? What if vehicles that can be controlled by ordinary people such as starfighters and tanks have made so much progress that they can defeat mechs in a cost-effective manner? Do you really think you will retain a future as a mech designer?"

These were all plausible scenarios. Some of them even sound rather likely. While warship development had slowed down to an extent due to how few people were involved in this field these days, that could always change in the future.

Once warships became legal again and made a resurgence, what would happen to the demand for mechs? If warships proved to be extremely effective at demolishing large amounts of mechs from a comfortable distance, how well would the mech industry be able to withstand the decline?

Ves forcibly tried to calm his roiling emotions.

"Mechs are not hopeless. New tech always comes out, and the need for better solutions against trending war machines will ensure that those who remain involved in the industry will fight tooth and nail to lessen the disparity. I will definitely be part of the effort to keep mechs as relevant as possible."

"Are you sure you want to stick to that commitment when the Age of Mechs has long passed and humanity has moved on to the next mode of war?"

"Yes." Ves said with growing conviction. He may have been struck by confusion earlier, but his inner mech designer had made sure to put him on the right track again. "My entire life centers around mechs. Perhaps it may be foolish for me to continue to stick with them even if they become outdated today, but I really can't imagine switching to anything else. If no one wants to use mechs anymore, then I will continue to work on them and try to make them good enough to revive at least some demand for my products. I am all-in on mechs no matter how many changes occur in the future."

Calabast might not agree with his stance, but she respected his conviction.

"Well, I suppose I shouldn't have expected any other answer from a mech designer." She said. "If this is the case, then you should put your money where your mouth is and commit to a choice that maximizes your use of the mechs you are able to develop. Personally, I would choose either Mech Pilot Cultivation or Personal Piloting Cultivation."

"Between the two of them, which one would you choose over the other?" Ves curiously asked.

"That is hard to say. There are arguments to be made for either of them. If I truly have to make a choice, then I would opt for Personal Piloting Cultivation."

"Truly?"

"I'm not kidding. Don't you think it would be the ultimate surprise if a weak and harmless mech designer turns out to be a formidable ace pilot or something? None of your enemies will be able to predict that you can defeat any opponent as long as you are in a mech. Even if this secret leaks out one day, you will still be in a stronger position than normal."

"I don't know, Calabast. It sounds too selfish. I also don't have the time to excel in two professions at once."

The spymaster shook her head. "That isn't necessarily true, Ves. Look at Ketis. She's still improving her swordsmanship even though she keeps designing great swordsman mechs. Hasn't the System allowed you to cut short the time you spend on improving your design skills? If you go for this upgrade route, I bet it can do the same with regards to mech piloting. If you are so worried about splitting your time, then just treat it as a minor. What I mean by that is that you should just proceed with designing mechs as you have always done. However, when a threat barges all the way up to your doorstep, instead of squirming like a defenseless pig, you will always have the option of hopping into your personal supermech and fight back when every other line of defense has failed."

Ves had to admit that this scenario sounded attractive.

How many times in his life had he relied on the protection of others, only for him to be left in the cold?

There were so many instances where he was forced to watch others fight on his behalf without being able to contribute to the battle himself.

He could change all that if he chose to become a mech pilot himself.

Ves suddenly shook his head. "While you make a lot of sense, I don't think I would be able to concentrate on two completely separate professions at the same time. Ketis is one of a kind. I don't think I will be able to imitate her, not when I have decided to forgo fighting entirely in order to completely dedicate myself to designing mechs."

"Fair enough. Then I would go for Mech Pilot Cultivation if I was in your place. You can keep designing all of the mechs you want, but the difference is that your pilots are able to make much greater use of your work. Every mech designer is able to make their mechs stronger for a price, but it is much more difficult to do the same for mech pilots. If you are able to gain this additional capability, then you will be a lot better off than almost everyone else in the mech industry."

That was an idea that Ves could get behind. Not just his cute little Andraste, but every other mech pilot he cared about such as Joshua would be able to gain immense benefits with his help!

Although committing to this choice would inevitably make him even more reliant on mechs, so what?

As a mech designer, there was no way he wanted to switch to another industry!

"What do you think about the other choices?" Ves asked. "Don't you think they sound good as well?"

"They have their uses." She admitted. "From the way you've described them, Spiritual Ascension and Technological Supremacy are both versatile and extremely helpful no matter the circumstances. You can use the boosts you've gained to design better mechs, develop other useful tech, build better self-defense gear and make yourself more valuable in the eyes of powerful groups. You won't go wrong if you choose either of them. However, ask yourself this. Do you truly need help in these areas?"

"...I guess not. Don't get me wrong. It's undoubtedly useful if I can obtain more help, but I've been managing decently well on my own so far. I'm not sure whether I can keep this up in the future, but improving these aspects is not an urgent matter."

He talked a bit more about his options with Calabast. Though he did not agree with all of her opinions and stances, her unique perspective nonetheless helped him gain a more comprehensive understanding of how his life would be impacted by his choices.

Just as Ves was about to end this discussion, his spymaster brought up another important topic.

"Before you go, I would like to ask you this. What do you think your 'System' is trying to accomplish by presenting you with these choices?"

Ves stopped and furrowed his brows. "What are you insinuating this time, Calabast?"

"I'm just asking a question. Is that wrong, Ves? I just want to remind you that ever since you started to obsess over this matter, you have been thinking way too much about yourself and not enough about the source of all of this. No one is selfless. Nothing comes for free. These are lessons that you have learned many times. The System that has defined much of your life shouldn't be any different. Ask yourself this. Why is the System suddenly willing to change itself based on your input? This is clearly outside of its modus operandi. Can you think of a plausible reason why this mysterious existence is so eager to cater to your tastes?"

He had already thought this over.

"My initial thought is that the System has noticed my increasing determination to wean myself off its services. This may be one of the ways in which it wants me to become more willing to make use of it again. For what reason, I don't know."Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

"If this is the case, then we can surmise that the System is quite eager to maintain an active relationship with you. Don't you get it? The System is dependent on you. For it to be willing to alter its operations in order to regain your favor says a lot about its wants and needs. Whether it is programmed to service your needs or whether it depends on its relationship with you in order to stay alive, you have power over the System. Don't forget that, Ves."

"Uhh… okay…"

While she certainly shared an interesting thought to him, he wasn't sure whether he could make use of it in any way.

In any case, he soon ended his confidential talk with Calabast and left the Blinding Banshee in order to seek out advice from other trusted individuals.

Of course, he did not mention anything explicit about the System or anything. He merely phrased his inquiries in broad hypotheticals.

The answers he received from them did not surprise him too much.

"People think that mech designers such as us are pushovers." Benedict Cortez explained. "That is why we are ultimately not as respected in society. People respect and worship strength. If I can be as strong as any mech pilot, I could have avoided many problems in my life. Sadly, my ability to defend myself and stand up for my rights are limited. We can only serve."

Patriarch Reginald Cross offered a much more exuberant answer!

"Hah! I admire your courage, but a little bastard like you has no place on the battlefield! Just keep designing fantastic mechs like the Mars. Leave the fighting to the professionals. As long as you keep delivering the goods, you can count on me to beat your enemies! I already owe far too much to you as it is. My honor compels me to do everything I can to repay my debts to you. If you keep supplying me and my clan with help, we will have to keep paying you back."

​ Well, the two powerful members of the Cross Clan reacted exactly as Ves anticipated. He didn't even know why he bothered to solicit their opinions in the first place.

He paid a visit to the Glory Seekers next.

"You're family, Ves." Venerable Brutus Wodin sincerely said. "My sister is the mother of your children and I am married to a member of your clan. It is my duty to serve as your sword and shield. You are too important to many people. The Larkinson Clan, the Cross Clan, the Glory Seekers and even the Hexer colonists in the Red Ocean are all relying on your work and your miracles to build their own futures. We cannot do without you. Each of us are at your beck and call. You can always count on us to lend you a hand."