Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The pair moved on to observe another totem up close.

This time, they stopped in front of the statue that attempted to portray the massive bulk and physical might of Qilanxo.

Though Ves did not maintain frequent contact with the former sacred god who originated from Aeon Corona VII, he knew that the genetically engineered exobeast still maintained an active friendship with Venerable Orfan, Venerable Dise and Venerable Jannzi.

As Ves and Yenames Clive stopped right in front of the reptilian creature statue, a strong glow that possessed both protective and spatial properties encompassed the two human leaders.

"What manner of alien beast is this? I have been informed that you have utilized the glow derived from this odd creature years before you have entered the Red Ocean. Did you already develop the urge to explore unknown territories back then?"

"That is classified." Ves firmly said. "The story behind my meeting with Qilanxo is probably my most engaging story, but I am sorry to say that the Big Two will probably not appreciate any attempt to divulge it. This is a shame as I think Qilanxo would love to share her story."

"A pity. I see that this is not the only alien beast that you have converted into your asset. Do you attempt to do this for any exotic creature that you come across in your expeditions?"

Ves chuckled. "That would be a bit too excessive, hehe. There is a price to create these 'assets', so I do not do this casually. Each one has good potential and my clan and I are still far from utilizing the full extent of their capabilities."

They moved on to another totem. This one was definitely the most eye-catching one as it depicted an angel that looked to be in complete peace.

"Ah, I am intimately familiar with this glow." Yenames Clive smiled and admired the life-like detail of the metal sculpture. "The Pacifier line that you have conceived with Professor Taigen Herman Voiken has helped put Davute on the map in the Krakatoa Middle Zone and beyond. It is becoming increasingly less common for Planetary Guard units to lack this practical and useful mech. I truly cannot stress how the popularity of your Pacifiers has enhanced the commercial activity of our colony. It is works like this that enable you to accelerate the economic activity and development of our colonial state. To think that the root of it all is an angel. Is he real?"Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

The Pacifier indeed had the capital to receive such praise. Its demand had skyrocketed yet again now that Davute and Karlach were about to go to war against each other.

In fact, demand had become so excessive that the LMC already submitted a proposal to open yet another manufacturing complex in one of the many cities of Davute VII!

Ves shrugged at the other man's last question. "Whether Lufa is real or not depends on how you define the word 'real'. In my opinion, the border that separates what is real from what is not can be blurry. One of the criteria that I personally use to judge whether something is real is to figure out whether it is alive. Lufa is definitely alive, so that means he is a real existence. It's that simple."

"Your words suggest that it is anything but simple."

"Well, other people may disagree. Lufa does not exactly exist in a form that is tangible. You cannot actually touch or see him in a conventional manner. It doesn't matter to me, though. Neither Lufa nor I have any desire to prove that this angel is actually real."

"I question that, Patriarch Larkinson. You have built an excellent work of art that gives your angel friend a solid and tangible form. Not only that, but you have placed it in this magnificent gallery where your clan openly invites visitors to witness Lufa and the other sources of your glows. Is that a reflection of your desire for the public to acknowledge his existence and make him more real?"

That was a good and surprisingly deep question. Ves had to look inward and question his motives to figure out whether he subliminally wanted to increase the popularity and brand awareness of his design spirits.

As he looked deeper, he recognized a desire to show off his 'works', and not just the mechs he designed.

The design spirits that he had either made or induced under his control were all unique and powerful in their own way. As long as showing them off did not harm his core interests, then he would be happy if others acknowledged their existence.

Ves scratched his head. "Maybe you are close to the mark. Many of these existences have trouble interacting with people due to their obvious conditions. Attaching them to tangible objects helps to anchor them and allows them to get in touch with humanity. If this is not done, it is too easy for them to become isolated. If no one remembers them anymore, are they still real?"

Yenames Clive found this to be an intriguing description. "To the wider human society, an angel that has become forgotten no longer exists as far as people are concerned. Would you not say the same can potentially apply to your clan? Take a look at the famous spaceborn clans that are attached to the CFA for example. Hardly anyone has ever seen them, traded with them or talked with them. Not even the first-rate superstates are in regular contact with this highly nomadic section of humanity. They are ghosts who largely exist on a number of records but otherwise do not appear to have any impact on our general society. Is this a desirable state?"

Ves shook his head. This was a decent trick, but it still wasn't enough to push him into a corner.

"I have never aspired for the Larkinsons to follow the example of the traditional spaceborn clans. I do not agree with the necessity of isolating ourselves entirely from the rest of humanity. That said, there is no need for me to pursue the other extreme and become permanently rooted on a planet like Davute. It is perfectly fine to balance between the two. My main fleet can keep exploring the many curiosities the Red Ocean has to offer while the side branches of my clan can take care of the more mundane activities such as mass producing mechs like the Pacifier."

The two leaders proceeded to observe a couple of other totems. The ones depicting the likes of Zeigra, the Illustrious One, Bravo and Arnold did not elicit too many comments from the prospective president.

It was only when they reached the large totem of the Superior Mother that Ves had lovingly made that Yenames Clive spoke more than a few perfunctory sentences.

"Ah, I suppose this is the famous or infamous Superior Mother." The older man smiled even as he became subjected to a powerful maternal glow. "I have heard that mothers of all walks of life prefer to visit this gallery for the sole purpose of beseeching her blessing in the hopes of birthing or raising a healthier, stronger, smarter and more obedient child. This myth has gained so much traction in recent months that the pregnant relatives of my cabinet members have even started to seek out this sculpture. Can you tell me whether their visits truly make a difference or if they are only being influenced by the placebo effect?"

That was a tricky question for Ves to answer. He did not condone religion in any form and this stunk of it. Yet he could not deny that the Superior Mother was not only a role model to many women with children, but could truly exert a small but subtle positive influence.

"Mothers can attain reassurance and encouragement from multiple sources. The Superior Mother can be one of them. The Hexers most certainly derive a lot of benefits from her. My wife enthusiastically consults her pretty much every day, and I happen to be very proud of my children. Make of that what you will."

Yenames Clive smiled as if he became more intrigued. "Ah, the Hexers have made a large amount of claims about the Superior Mother. What has triggered my interest even more is their outlandish tales about your familiar connection to her. They say that the Superior Mother is not just an ideal given form, but is in actuality your actual mother. It is a matter of public record that the face and appearance of the Superior Mother is modeled after your own birth mother."

"As you have just said, the Hexers believe in many stories. That does not necessarily make them true. Certain people and population groups have grown more dependent on myths and beliefs in order to sustain themselves. If the Hexers do not believe in one story, they will believe another one. It is better if they put their faith in more innocuous tales than more toxic and harmful ones like they have done in the past."

"It still amazes us how much you have single-handedly influenced an entire state that is controlled and filled with female supremacists, Patriarch Larkinson. Both you and the Hexers have gained many advantages from this fruitful relationship. If you have the chance to play a similar role for our colonial state, would you be interested in reprising your role?"

Ves immediately shook his head. "No. Even if I did, it wouldn't work. It is easy for the Superior Mother to capture the public consciousness of the Hexer people because of how prone they are to belief in a mother figure. It also helps that the Hexers live in a highly homogeneous society with a single dominant culture. Davute is practically the opposite in this regard. Not only has your colony gathered many different people with many different backgrounds and cultures, it has not even propagated a single strong national identity for them to rally around."

"That is correct." Yenames Clive frankly admitted. "Karlach has made much more progress on this front due to its diverging policies. For us, it is not so simple to set a single culture and identity. Davute is a melting pot of different people from different walks of life, and we must preserve its openness in order to maintain its abundant economic prosperity. The moment we enforce any strict set of norms and values, we begin to repel a significant proportion of our colonists and trading partners. This is not acceptable. It is better to maintain a light touch and exert minor influence to ensure that our colonial state will naturally develop a neutral culture."

The more appropriate word to use here was 'cosmopolitan', but that had turned into a poisonous term ever since an infamous diplomatic movement became pariahs of human civilization.

Ves understood what Yenames Clive conveyed. Davute had to become a state that was built on a strong economy. Abundant trade, industry and other commercial activities was the most powerful engine of growth.

As long as Davute had more money and developed faster than other states, it would definitely be able to dominate the Krakatoa Middle Zone!

After all, it was extremely hard to repel an enemy that could field twice or thrice as many mechs or ships as the other side!

Ves already got the sense that President Yenames Clive and by extension the Clive Consortium became determined to go all-in on this risky growth strategy.

Whether it would ultimately work out for Davute was still in question, but the Clives certainly did not feel confident enough in their chances.

This was why Yenames Clive patiently and earnestly tried to negotiate with Ves in person. Davute had to win the upcoming war at all cost. The Clive Consortium stood to lose its entire investment if it did not go far enough in stacking the deck in its favor.

Therefore, as long as the future ruler managed to secure substantial material and military assistance from the Larkinson Clan, it was worthwhile to pay a heavier price!