Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

As the Twin Weapons Tournament started to wrap up, the mech designers of the top 3 team all received invitations to go on stage. They all made sure to maintain their decorum and bow in front of the crowd.

The people who visited Spencer Hall in person all clapped in appreciation for the teams that made it all the way to the final round.

Sure, Team Larkinson may have impressed many of them due to the convincing but also thrilling victories against other strong opponents, but Team Clive and Team Reemus also managed to win a lot of hearts.

There were a lot of impressive Journeymen in Davute!

Perhaps not all of them would stick around in the state, but those that did may eventually become the next generation of Master Mech Designers that might lead the colonial state towards a better future.

All in all, a lot of people felt good about the event. It truly brought a lot of Davutans together and gave them greater confidence in their state's ability to overcome future difficulties.

In the end, Master Mergard Elroy appeared on the stage once again. He stood in front of the mech designers of the final three teams and held a closing speech.

"I sincerely hope that each of you have come away from the last three days with a new and different appreciation for mechs." The teacher at the DUT began. "The works we make are often regarded in isolation. This is a mistake. We humans are far too numerous to deploy our mechs one by one and rely on individual supremacy to defeat our opponents. We are nothing like the phase whales who possess the size and strength to take on entire armies by themselves. We are forced to rely on making the most out of our numbers to win our battles, and I hope this tournament has taught you that this is a blessing, not a curse."

He spoke these words towards the students of the DUT that occupied a significant proportion of the seats as well as the rest of his audience. Even in a festive event like this, Master Elroy couldn't get rid of his persona as a teacher and an educator!

"I hope that each of you, especially those who are deeply intertwined in the mech industry, come away from our tournament with a greater appreciation for the restrictions and limitations of mechs. The rules we have set may seem arbitrary and unfair to you all, but let me remind you that combat outside of competitive venues is never equitable. Your enemies will not wait until you are able to match their numbers and they will not have any qualms about relying on superior tech and materials to increase their superiority on the battlefield. Each of you must take these differences into account when you design or pilot mechs, especially in the near future."

The upcoming conflict between Davute and Karlach was set in stone. There was no way to prevent it from breaking out anymore. The bad blood had run too deep for that. Davute had no way of letting Karlach off, and Karlach could not rein in the ambitions of conquest of its own stakeholders.

Neither side intended to pursue peace until they had gobbled up their most immediate regional rival!

Master Elroy briefly turned around and swept his gaze towards the six mech designers of Team Larkinson, Team Reemus and Team Clive. He showed genuine appreciation for them all. There was a clear expectation in his eyes as he looked forward to what the younger generation could accomplish in the future.

"Among our mech designer community, many people have different opinions of what Journeyman Mech Designers actually are. Many veterans in our industry regard them as upgraded Apprentice Mech Designers who still have a long way to go before they mature. Others look up to them and believe that they have already ascended the mundane and have become stars of their own. Neither of these descriptions are completely correct, but they are not completely inaccurate. As with many subjects, the truth lies in between. In these three eventual days, we have all seen Journeymen who lean in one end of the spectrum or the other."

Master Elroy turned towards the mech designers behind him once again and addressed them directly.

"All six of you have shown that you have already stepped beyond the basic principles of mech design and created your own. That is a crucial step in your professional journey and shows that you have already explored plenty of possible paths, either mentally or physically. However, no matter how far you have already gone, I hope that you will not lose your immaturity that allows you to gaze at mechs and our reality with fresh and curious eyes. A lack of wonder will spell the death of progress. Never stop exploring and never stop experimenting."

Ves and all of the others nodded seriously at this piece of advice.

To be honest, Ves already figured out these lessons on his own. Numerous people had already given him similar advice, but he appreciated these words nonetheless. They provided confirmation to the theory on what mech designers should do to advance further. He possessed a little more certainty on what he should do to finally become a Senior Mech Designer.

The older Master Mech Designer continued to hold a speech that was half a lecture and half an inspirational speech.

Regardless of whether he was speaking to a mech insider or a layman, both types of people gained a lot from Master Elroy's sage words and advice.

Soon enough, the man clapped his palms one more time and spread his arms.

"Thank you for witnessing this wonderful show! The Davute University of Technology is happy to have provided a stage for talented and skilled mech designers such as Patriarch Ves Larkinson, Madame Jocasta Clive and Mr. Eric Reemus to showcase their design ability to each of you. Please be assured that they have attained their respective rankings according to the rules and the standard conventions set by the Mech Trade Association. Our institution will most certainly organize further mech design tournaments in the future, and we will once again formulate different rulesets in order to encourage every mech designer to adapt their works according to the circumstances. For Davute!"

"FOR DAVUTE!" Many people answered back!

An afterparty took place once Spencer Hall emptied out. The DUT invited the participating mech designers to a luxurious club that was situated within its campus.

Not many mech designers accepted the invitation, but those that did most certainly had similar intentions in mind.Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

This was the last time that their group would be able to meet and talk to each other without needing to make an appointment through their personal assistants.

Ves held a glass of wine in his hand while he tried his best to look for Beatrice Hendrix.

"She's not here." Juliet said as she took a sip of her own glass of wine. "I wouldn't be here either if I lost during the second round of a mech design tournament. This is a deeply embarrassing result no matter the caliber of opponent she matched up against. I think that a mech designer who is accustomed to success such as her will not easily be able to reconcile with the outcome."

"That… is a shame." Ves sighed. "Do you think she is still open to joining our clan?"

"I cannot say. She has reasons to join us and reasons to stay away from us. It all depends on what she values more."

"What is your guess? Tell me honestly."

Juliet did not immediately issue a reply but paused for a few seconds in order to collect her thoughts.

"I think the main issue is a matter of pride. You are an independent mech designer who built up your own organization, so you should know the value of being your own boss. The greater the ability, the more it is desirable to retain control over your work and circumstances. Beatrice gives  the impression that she is a woman accustomed to controlling her own work and schedule. She should definitely be reluctant to let go of that and submit to your rules and accept your orders. I think she will be much more open to working in our Design Department if you grant her equal status."

Ves immediately frowned. "That is unacceptable. You know that. I may be willing to delegate a lot of stuff to trusted and capable subordinates, but the fact remains that they still answer to me. It is completely backwards if I have to cater to their needs as if I am their servant. There is a price for all of the tech, phasewater and other goodies that my clan and I have painstakingly earned through our operations."

"Then maybe it is better if you give up on any idea of recruiting her." Juliet advised him. "She is clearly not flexible enough to take a step back while you are too insistent on maintaining ultimate control over your clan. There is no viable middle ground between your respective positions. You are better off looking elsewhere."

"...Maybe you are right. I can still foresee one more way I can convince Beatrice Hendrix to work in my Design Department."

"And that is…?"

"It is much easier for me to command Journeymen if I am a Senior." Ves answered with a smirk.

The rank difference was the easiest and most reliable means to convert lots of mech designers into obedient minions.

Ves only had to take a single look at the hundreds of Apprentices that toiled away in his many design teams.

Even though he and his clan did not provide the assistant mech designers with too much attention, the Apprentice Mech Designers still worked hard in order to complete their tedious design tasks!

It was not that difficult for Ves to hire a bunch of Apprentices or Journeymen, but what he sought was talent instead of foot-draggers.

"Patriarch Larkinson." A cultured and dignified female voice sounded.

"Ah. Madame Clive. It is a pleasure to speak to you in person." Ves replied as soon as he turned around and recognized the voice.

Jocasta Clive had somehow managed to find the time to change into a dark and multilayered evening dress. It glittered under the soft light of the lounge and slightly flattered her figure while also making her look more classy than when she wore a suit during the tournament.

"I must admit that I did not think much of your mechs when they initially entered the arena." The member of the Clive Consortium spoke. "I still am not entirely convinced that their combat value is sufficient enough. It is much more difficult to predict who will win in a match between your team and mine alone."

"That might have very well happened if there was an even sum of participating teams. That did not happen this time. Even if it did, I still have faith in my Twin Souls. They hadn't been able to showcase their greatest advantages properly during the free-for-all. The mechs of your team were already locked in a mutual death spiral with the mechs of Team Reemus."

The mention of this dark horse that managed to snatch their way to second place caused Jocasta Clive to twitch in irritation.

It appeared that she had either received inadequate training with regards to controlling her expressions, or thought that she did not need to bother with hiding her true thoughts!

"Mr. Eric Reemus is… a good Journeyman Mech Designer, but he is ultimately a transient visitor to our colonial state. He and his partner are not locals who have committed to facilitating the growth of Davute. I am at least content that you have been able to deny Team Reemus the opportunity to win first place. Davutans must look out for each other, especially when we are already under attack by the nefarious forces of Karlach."

"..."