Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

It took around twenty minutes for Ves to complete his breakthrough, consolidate his newly ignited design flame and form a preliminary roadmap to realizing his design philosophy.

When he eventually opened his eyes, they conveyed a version of Ves that had grown up, both as a human and as a mech designer.

Venerable Jannzi had eventually figured out what had taken place. She had conscientiously taken a few steps back in order to give Ves the room to complete his breakthrough in total peace.

Now that Ves regained his awareness, the expert pilot could immediately tell the difference.

If the old Ves came across as an impetuous kid that brimmed with curiosity and lacked self-control, the new Ves immediately conveyed the impression that he had settled down because he had undertaken a serious responsibility.

Anyone who knew Ves in person would immediately be able to tell the difference!

"You have become a Senior Mech Designer if I am not mistaken."

Ves simply nodded. "That is correct. It's quite a surprise, Jannzi. Thank you for being the catalyst to my breakthrough to Senior. It's quite funny if you think about it. Around a decade ago, I managed to grasp the opportunity to advance to Journeyman Mech Designer after I designed the original Aurora Titan and fabricated the earliest version of the Shield of Samar for you. Times were much different back then. So much has changed since then, but one remarkable constant is that I owe my breakthrough to you once again."

The woman responded with a confused smile. "This is probably a coincidence. I just happen to be at the right place at the right time twice in a row. I don't even know what it takes to help you break through once again. I heard that it is extremely difficult for Seniors to go any further."

"Well, you never know. Maybe in the future you will be able to help me advance to Master Mech Designer." Ves shrugged and joked.

"Anyway, congratulations for your breakthrough, Ves. I hope that you will use your greater ability in designing mechs for the good of our clan. I might not agree with all of your policies, but I am in full support of your efforts to strengthen our fellow Larkinsons by designing more powerful mechs for them. We need every advantage that we can get in this dangerous dwarf galaxy."

"Aye. I already have many ideas in mind on how to give our clan a greater edge." Ves grinned. "The successful conclusion of the Dullahan Project has proved a lot of theories and given birth to many new ones. It has also become a lot easier for me to realize my more expansive design applications now that I have gained the strength of a Senior."

They talked a bit more about how his sudden breakthrough affected the trajectory of the Larkinson Clan.

Ves soon brought up his great concern.

"About the suspicion that you have just shared with me, can you please keep it to yourself for the time being? I don't think I need to tell you how much trouble we'll attract if it becomes known that my latest innovation can turn regular people into actual mech pilots."

Venerable Jannzi might not be as smart as a mech designer, but she was certainly not stupid!

"I understand, Ves. I will try not to spill this secret to others. Just be aware that if I can think about it, so can other mech pilots who are able to make use of your Carmine System."

"I will choose my next candidates carefully." Ves promised. "I will have to divulge this amazing possibility to the MTA eventually. The damn mechers will find out on their own if I don't take the initiative to share it myself, and by then I won't be able to gain as many concessions as before. It's a good thing that I have a couple of solid friends and backers within the Association."

The possibility to turn any human into a mech pilot without paying too much of a price had massive implications to both the Survivalists and the Transhumanists!

The Survivalists would probably embrace the benefits of expanding the manpower pool of potential mech pilots on a massive scale.

Gifted soldiers who possessed all of the right skills to become excellent mech pilots no longer had to win the genetic aptitude lottery in order to maximize their potential.

If a war between humans and aliens ever deteriorated to the point where most mech pilots had tragically fallen, the much greater population of norms could serve as a huge pool of reserves to draw upon!

As for the Transhumanists, human ascension became more accessible to the masses than ever. The possibilities that Ves brought to the table opened up an easier and less convoluted way for humans of all stripes to grow stronger.

One of the most remarkable consequences of realizing his latest ambition was that apotheosis no longer became exclusive to potentates! Norms could transform their willpower and surpass the extraordinary threshold with the help of mechs as well as long as Ves successfully completed his research!

Yet before Ves could realize all of these dramatic outcomes, it was incredibly important for him and Jannzi to keep this sensitive matter under wraps.

Once he concluded his eventful meeting with Jannzi, he stepped out of the isolation chamber and returned to his fellow collaborators.

Gloriana and the others had spent their time on cleaning up the workshop. An army bots moved all sorts of disqualified parts and loose materials out of the way. The newly completed Dullahan Project also went through a quick inspection to verify that it was stable and not about to explode or anything.

Each of them paused in their work the moment that Ves entered the workshop once again.

They were all highly familiar with Ves. Not only did they spend years collaborating with him on numerous different design projects, they also connected directly to his mind through the design network on numerous occasions.

It took only a single glance at a distance to realize that Ves returned as a different man.

Gloriana, who knew her husband the best, already had a strong feeling that something drastic took place when he talked to Jannzi in private.

She even started to suspect that Ves was up to mischief with his cousin!

Yet now that Ves came back, she understood that the reality was much different from what she guessed.

"Ves… you…" She uttered with increasing shock and realization. Her voice quivered as she spoke her next words. "D-D-Did you… manage to… become stronger?"

The truth was clear to everyone. Her question was completely redundant and she knew it. She only wanted to obtain a firm answer in the faint hope that she had misjudged the situation yet again.

Unfortunately for the young mother, her husband did not give her the answer she sought!

"It's true. I have just completed my breakthrough. From today onwards, I shall become known as a Senior Mech Designer!"

A few seconds passed by in silence before the other mech designers reacted to this announcement!DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"Congratulations, Ves!" Ketis grinned. "I always knew you could do it! Out of all of us, the only one who could become a Senior first had to be you. I look forward to all of the interesting mechs you will design in the future."

Sara Voiken looked genuinely impressed. "I accepted your invitation to join your clan because I judged that following you is one of the best decisions that I could have made. What you managed to accomplish vindicates my choice. I couldn't imagine that you would actually break through to Senior after working as a Journeyman for just a decade or so. I think a lot more mech designers will try to replicate your success and go on expeditions."

Master Benedict Cortez smiled as if nothing was above his expectations. "It was about time, Ves. You have entered a whole new world now that you have moved beyond your Journeyman phase. There is a lot for you to go through now that you have pushed your design philosophy to this extent. While you need to schedule a meeting with the Mech Trade Association, I think it is best if I fill you in on what you need to pay attention to now that you have started your struggle to become a Master."

Ves nodded to Benedict. Out of all of the people gathered in the workshop, only the former Skull Architect had lived through this arduous journey. There was no better friend around who could give better advice.

It took a while longer for the mech designers to finish their congratulatory comments.

It also took a few hard minutes for Gloriana to accept the crushing fact that she had lost the race to Senior.

Though his wife looked as if Ves had trampled on her favorite handbag, he was sure that she would regain her vigor soon enough.

She would probably regain her self-esteem by promising that he might have won this battle, but that she still had a chance of winning the war by realizing her design philosophy first!

Once Gloriana, Ketis and Sara settled down and started to share the good news to the rest of the clan, Ves and Benedict moved aside in order to talk about more serious matters.

"There is a lot you need to know, but don't be in a hurry to meet with a representative of the MTA." Benedict told the newly advanced Senior. "The mechers are highly informative and will definitely be generous about what they are willing to share to a mech designer of proven talent such as you. However, keep in mind that they will only tell their side of the story. Don't contradict their stories, but make sure to maintain a sober perspective."

Ves nodded. "I figure that this would be the case."

"Now that you have become a Senior, it is also time for you to pass on your knowledge and start your formal teaching career. I will leave it up to the MTA to explain the full details, but I imagine once the public learns that a mech designer as young as you has managed to advance to Senior, you will become inundated with countless offers from different mech design universities. Do not make any hasty decisions no matter what they promise. The students you are able to teach will have an enormous influence on your future career and your chances of realizing your design philosophy."

Ves did not know that it was that serious, though he already had suspicions about why every Senior Mech Designer played along with the requirement to become a professor.

"I already intended to wait for a while. My upgraded flagship is on her way back to Davute. Once she arrives, I will gain access to a complete Hyper Chamber. I think that should open up a lot of fancy doors."

Benedict looked pleasantly surprised. "Oh, that is excellent news for you. Try your best to teach at a first-class mech design university if possible. It doesn't matter if you are relegated to teaching basic or elective classes. If that is not attainable, then you should settle for nothing less than teaching classes at the most prestigious second-class mech design universities in human space. I can provide you with a credible reference in order to help you obtain the posting that you deserve."

Ves did not refuse this benefit. "Thank you, Benedict. It will definitely help. Is there anything else that I should know?"

"Aside from teaching general classes, it is a good idea to start mentoring mech designers and mech design students that you see a lot of promise in. I am aware that you have already done so in the past, but this should not be an incidental hobby to you. It is a duty as well as an investment that will pay off handsomely in the future. The mechers will explain to you why this is the case, but for now you should start with forming a list of candidates right away while we are still in the Davute System. If you are not satisfied with people in your clan, you can always choose from one of the many promising kids in the surrounding neighborhood."

"I will take your suggestion into consideration."