Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

The Antazella de Osiris had no more reason to stick around anymore. The large research battlecarrier opened up a portal and disappeared shortly after Ves had returned to the surface of Davute VII.

Everyone in the Davute System practically sighed in relief. Although many people had a lot of trust in the MTA, that did not mean they were willing to live under a warship's formidable cannons or the invincible first-class multipurpose mechs!

Plenty of people and organizations directed even more attention to the Larkinson Clan than before. If even the mechers thought that Ves' promotion to Senior Mech Designer was a big deal, then it was definitely worthwhile to establish friendly ties with this rising star!

It was a pity that Ves still paid little attention to these opportunists. All he had on his mind at the moment was his quest to get in front of a class of bright and promising first-class mech design students.

Master Vayro Goldstein fulfilled his promise and transmitted a virtual referral letter.

Ves looked quite impressed at the appearance of the letter. The fancy typography, the MTA symbols along with the name of the MTA Master bestowed a lot of value to this document!

It should definitely not be a problem for Ves to secure a decent professorship at a prestigious second-class mech design university that was rooted in the old galaxy!

If he was lucky enough, then he could even get into an institution that was either a subsidiary of a first-class mech design university or held frequent exchanges with one.

Such a connection gave Ves hope that he could transfer to the more impressive school one day!

"This is a good backup option."

Ves was not willing to settle for less until he had exhausted everything better.

"I need more referral letters."

Only Master Mech Designers possessed enough weight, but each of them differed drastically from each other. Their age and experience diverged wildly, and the class of mechs they worked on also affected their prestige.

Even so, even a skinny letter was better than nothing!

With that thought in mind, Ves activated his comm and called his good friend over at the Cross Clan.

"Hello again, Ves." Master Benedict's projection greeted. "I see that you have concluded a long discussion with the MTA."

"I have. I never knew that our profession has so much depth."

"It is indeed a revelation that can change your entire cognition. Now that the mechers have initiated you to the secrets that a Senior is allowed to learn, I can share a handful of insights to you that may be of use. We will have to hold this talk in a much more secure environment. Take care of what you mention outside of one. The MTA can be lenient in many areas, but this is not a matter that you can take lightly."

"I understand. I wanted to address another topic with you, actually."

"What is it you require?"

"I want you to write a referral letter for me." Ves straightforwardly described his request. "I want to try my luck and apply for a job at a first-class mech design university. The ones in the old galaxy are probably too snobby and elitist to take me under my consideration, but I think I still have a chance at one of the newer schools based in the Red Ocean."

The older mech designer blinked. "If that is the case, then my letter should not make much of a difference. I shall be honest with you. I have not been a Master for too long. My mech designs and design applications are far from impressive compared to that of my peers. I do not have a strong network of contacts that I can vouch for myself. Are you certain that you wish to obtain my recommendation?"

Ves shrugged. "The two of us already have a history of working together. It would be unreasonable if you did not write a letter for me after years of cooperation."

"Very well, then. You shall have it. I hope that this will make a difference in your search."

That was easy. Now that Ves had a second letter in hand, he began to set his sights on the other Masters in his contact list.

He called Master Decimus Horst of ZUTA University next and quickly stated his request.

The heavy artillery mech specialist did not immediately agree. "Your request is slightly unreasonable, Ves. A letter of referral only holds meaning if its writer is sincere about issuing it. I cannot in good faith claim to do so. The two of us have discussed our upcoming collaboration project many times, but we have yet to design an actual heavy artillery mech for the Federal Military of Davute. I would be glad to write the letter you have requested after we have done so, so I suggest you be patient and prove your qualifications."

Ves shook his head. "I apologize, but I am in a hurry. I do not mean for you to violate your principles, but I hope you can be a little more lenient to me this time. How about this? Let me visit your office and present the mech design proposal that I have been working on. I can also show you a number of my existing works in order to give you a better understanding of my competences. Will that be enough to earn your recommendation?"

Master Horst did not look too comfortable about this idea, but as he continued to stare at Ves over the connection, he eventually nodded in acquiescence.

"I shall give you a single chance. If your presentation does not satisfy my criteria, then I will have to ask you to repeat your request after we have completed our collaboration project."

"That is fine!"

Ves spent the rest of his day on preparing for his upcoming presentation. He pretty much treated it as a small practice opportunity for the real deal in the upcoming Survivalist conference.

If he could not sway a mech designer the likes of Master Horst in a 1-on-1 sitting, then he should clearly shore up his presentation skills!Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

He quickly shuttled over to the campus of ZUTA University the next day and presented his existing work as well as his ideas for his upcoming heavy artillery mech.

He blended the best traits of the Transcendent Punisher with all of the lessons that he had learned from his last Mastery experience.

Master Horst looked decently impressed by the end of the pitch. "If your claims are at least halfway true, then your bold vision of a heavy artillery mech is indeed a product that can complement if not supplant Davute's existing artillery mech roster. Your proposed mech model may change the direction of all of the land battles of the upcoming war."

That was good praise!

Ves did not need to boast too much about his other accomplishments in order to obtain the other mech designer's approval.

"Very well. That is enough, Ves. While I am still unable to vet you according to my standards, you have inspired enough confidence in my mind that I am willing to grant you this favor. Take my letter and do your best to succeed. What you are trying to attain this time is an unimaginable dream to me when I was still your age. Prove your excellence and succeed where I have never tried."

The Master did not reveal any hint of envy or jealousy in his tone, but Ves guessed that the older mech designer definitely harbored these feelings!

It was just that Master Horst had grown old and successful enough in his own right to ignore these unproductive thoughts!

Ves grinned like a shark by the time he departed from ZUTA University's campus.

"That's a third letter in my bag."

He thought about contacting Master Hargard Elroy of the Davute University of Technology next.

Ves did not have any personal relations with the esteemed state-sponsored mech designer, but the renowned specialist in alternative propulsion drive systems presided over the Twin Weapons Tournament.

"Winning first place in this tournament should be enough to convince this guy to write a letter, right?"

He did not sound too certain about this. Winning a serious mech design tournament was indeed an impressive accolade, but it was a bit too flimsy to use as a basis of a referral letter.

"I should try to maximize my advantages."

Ves could try and leverage his other professional accomplishments to impress Master Elroy.

On top of that, Ves could also bring up his substantial contributions to Davute. He and his Larkinson Clan benefited the colonial state so much that this should definitely make a difference to the contracted Master Mech Designer!

However, when Ves scheduled a call and eventually gained an opportunity to present his pitch, Master Elroy remained unmoved!

"You make a good case for yourself, but I will not write a referral letter for a mech designer who I have never personally, taught, supervised or collaborated with. I have indeed witnessed your skills extensively during the tournament, and you have also done much for Davute, but I will not break the rules I have set for myself on this matter."

Master Elroy was a significantly more impressive mech designer than Master Horst.

The former became a leading figure of Davute's leading mech design university.

Elroy was also involved in a number of important projects that were either sponsored or organized by government institutions.

He was also over two centuries old and had built up an impressive catalog of mech designs and design solutions.

Even if he was ultimately just a second-class mech designer, Master Elroy's referral letter was probably worth at least ten times as much as the one issued by Master Horst next door!

It was a pity that the older and prouder Master remained obstinate.

"Thank you for hearing me out. I shall not disturb you any longer."

Ves did not feel too depressed at his failure. Master Elroy was one of his least likely candidates. There were several more names on the list that should give him more consideration.

"Hm, let's try Master Dervidian next."

Ves had not contacted his liaison from the Transhumanist Faction for a while, but that did not mean that the two had devolved into strangers.

As the inventor of the transcendence glow and other relevant design applications, Ves could always count on the support of the Transhumanists!

He just didn't know whether Master Dervidian would be willing to do the same as Master Goldstein.

"Well, it doesn't hurt to try."

Ves did not overthink the issue and used a more secure communication line to connect with the Transhumanist.

Once he explained his request, Master Dervidian nodded.

"If my friend over at the Survivalist Faction has seen fit to grant a letter to you, then you shall have mine as well."

It was that simple?

"Thank… you…"

Ves found it rather ironic that he managed to obtain the most valuable referral letters with surprising ease!

Compared to a relative nobody like Master Benedict Cortez, the word of a leading figure from the Mech Trade Association carried a lot more weight!

"You deserve to rise to a greater stage." Dervidian generously commented. "Your high potential is known to us all, and now that you have managed to become a Senior Mech Designer, this is an excellent time for you to step up and increase your engagement. Coming into contact with first-class mech designers will be highly beneficial to your future development."

Ves certainly felt a lot more pepped up after hearing the MTA Master's praise.

He felt a bit more sorry that he could not tell the Transhumanist anything about the Carmine System and its implications as of yet. He had already decided to leave that up to the Survivalists.

Soon after Ves ended this fruitful call, he grinned with satisfaction as he gazed at the four virtual letters in his possession.

"That makes four!"