Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

5012 Harnessing Exotic Radiation

Ves enjoyed an advantage compared to many other people.

While most people had no choice but to embrace the narrative set by the Big Two, Ves had the ability to consult an alternative opinion!

At the same time as Ves was watching the live broadcast with his immediate family, his cat avatar was relaying everything he learned to his mother.

Though the Lady of the Night had become a lot more active and preoccupied with affairs related to her shabby empire, she still made time for her son.

A cyborg cat currently rested on the lap of a living goddess sitting in a lotus position. A soft and glowing hand gently caressed the feline's metallic back.

"What do you think, mother?" Veronica asked.

A playful smile appeared on the resurrected woman's face. "The Mech Trade Association and the Common Fleet Alliance in the Red Ocean have made a bold but sensible decision. What you need to remember is that they are primarily interested in one main goal. Do you know what that is, my child?"

"Power." Veronica immediately answered. "While the mechers and the fleeters constantly justify their right to rule by emphasizing their responsibility to safeguard human civilization, it is human nature for them to become addicted to power. They have access to almost any talent, resources and technology within human space. They do not wish to relinquish this easily."

"Then what is the greatest difference between Messier 87 and the Milky Way that has caused the Big Two in the former to change a stance that they have strongly held for over four centuries?"

"Well, it is hard to hide this so-called E energy radiation. Many Red Oceaners will inevitably get into contact with it and experience the consequences of prolonged exposure. By informing them about this in advance, the Big Two can mobilize all of the people under their rule to work towards understanding and taming the power of this energy."

The powerful woman nodded. "That is correct, but that is not all. What else?"

Ves thought of a few more reasons, but they did not really sound like the answer that his mother was looking for. It was not until he recalled her history that he made an important realization!

"The Compact!" He gasped! "The Five Scrolls Compact is deeply rooted in the Milky Way, but not in the Red Ocean! The Big Two has put a lot of effort into preventing those powerful cultists from slipping into the new frontier. If this is the case, then the mechers and fleeters will be able to exert great control over humanity's relationship with E energy!"

His mother grinned and patted the cyborg cat on the head. "That is correct. The Big Two can make use of E energy to reinforce their control over the population in the Red Ocean. Without the competition of the Compact, the MTA and the CFA will be able to direct and take advantage of humanity's collective development of this 'new' form of energy."

The MTA and CFA definitely formulated a lot of plans after the Great Severing occurred. While most people were still trying to process the calamity that had befallen them, the mechers and the fleeters had definitely been planning twenty years, fifty years or even a hundred years into the future!

Cynthia's eyes grew wistful. "I already have a better understanding of the environment you have ended up in. From what you have described, Messier 87 is a galaxy that resembles the Milky Way of the past. Humanity at the time was different from the humans of the present. That skeleton you have brought to me is representative of the bodies that humans were able to grow by feeding off the abundant energy and resources of that past environment. Such times have come to an end, but to the people of the Red Ocean, it has become an unprecedented chance for them to regain the power of their distant ancestors."

Veronica did not look as optimistic, though. "That may be true, but this E energy radiation is not entirely benign. The Big Two are already starting to address the threat it poses to people's health."

"Survival of the fittest." The mother spoke in a voice that channeled a hint of ruthlessness. "Not every human is capable of adapting to a new environment. Those without the strength or means to evolve in a manner that removes the threat of E energy radiation are destined for elimination. The weak cannot be allowed to squander the resources that belong to their betters."

Ves felt a chill going through his entire spirit. It was talk like this that reminded him that his mother had more in common with Compact cultists and contemporary humans!

"That..."

"You have nothing to fear, my son." Cynthia spoke in a motherly tone. "You have activated the latent potential of my bloodline. Your wife is a capable mech designer that has already adapted to this energy. Your children have manifested the strength of their lineage in advance as well. Others may perish, but you and your family shall prosper."

That was not what Ves wanted!

Although he was not the most selfless mech designer, he did not want the stable and familiar society in the Red Ocean to collapse!

Ves was also responsible for the lives of many clansmen. Not all of them were strong in will or spirit like Ketis or Joshua. How would these relatively ordinary fare in an environment where they were constantly exposed to harmful radiation?

The Big Two shared the same concerns, so the Star Designer and the fleet admiral seriously emphasized its dangers to society.

"E energy radiation cannot be blocked unless exceptional means are employed." Stanley Argile spoke. "Neither an energy shield, a layer of hull armor, a planet's magnetosphere or any other barrier can block its passage. We cannot prevent it from subjecting our bodies, our technology and our foodstuffs to mutations. However, this is no cause for panic. Different from more harmful influences such as gamma radiation, E energy radiation is not overwhelmingly negative. It will not cause our DNA and body cells to degrade or induce cancer."

"The direction of mutation induced by E energy radiation is semi-random." Hendrick Polt continued as he called up a projection of a human body. "There are many components of E energy radiation that are prone to inducing harmful mutations such as weakening the heart or atrophying the muscles. The vast majority of these symptoms can be treated. In time, medicines and treatments can be developed to cure and prevent these mutations. The biotechnology and medical communities must take the lead in this research in order to save as many lives as possible."

Gloriana looked incredibly concerned for herself and her children. "Ves..."

"Keep listening, honey. E energy radiation may be dangerous to ordinary people, but we are different."

His suspicions were correct.

F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"Treating harmful mutations through medical treatments and gene therapies may be effective, but the costs will not be light." The Star Designer continued. "There are alternate means to minimize the negative effects of E energy radiation exposure. That is by taking advantage of the fact that E energy radiation is responsive to the cognition of a life form. Your very thoughts can shape its influence on your body. Strong mental discipline can encourage your body to become more receptive to the more benign components of this new energy. This will enable your physiology to evolve in a manner that is able to resist harmful mutations. Many such methods already exist."

The Lord of Thermodynamics began to sound more hopeful.

"As I have mentioned before, becoming a mech pilot, and mech designer or strongly dedicating yourself to any profession and hobby can enable you to draw strength from the energies released by M87. In addition, there are other potential solutions that can alter the effects of E energy radiation exposure. We must all work together as a society to discover and invent the most effective solutions that can preserve our population in the Red Ocean as much as possible. If our civilization is to survive and thrive in the heart of the Virgo Cluster, we cannot afford to decline in numbers."

"So that is how it is." Gloriana uttered in realization. "We have to make sure our children become passionate enough to pursue their vocations and hobbies, Ves!"

The truth of the matter was that Aurelia, Andraste and Marvaine were a lot closer to primordial humans than ordinary people. They would probably do fine even if they became good-for-nothings.

Of course, Ves did not want his children to end up useless. He saw no reason to refute his wife's fears.

The Star Designer continued his explanation by touching on E energy radiation's effect on certain inorganic materials.

The radiation was bound to produce a lot of new exotics while also strengthening existing ones, but the transition would not be pleasant!

Fortunately, the rate of mutation of most materials happened gradually enough that there should be plenty of time to update or replace components that were prone to malfunction due to this new factor.

After explaining the few benefits and downsides of E energy radiation that the Big Two saw fit to reveal, Fleet Admiral Argile began to address another component of M87's powerful cosmic radiation.

"E energy radiation is predominantly produced by the cosmic activity of Messier 87. It cannot easily be avoided on a macroscopic scale unless we are able to distance ourselves from this supermassive galaxy. The second form of exotic radiation that we will introduce to you is different. M87 itself generates it at a low concentration, but the jets of matter released by the Dark Source contain much higher quantities of R particles."

Ves grew stumped. He already knew about the flood of spiritual energy coursing the Red Ocean, but neither he nor Master Benedict had found any signs of these particles!

"An R particle is a new type of subatomic particle that is similar to a neutrino." The fleet admiral continued to explain. "Just as neutrinos pass through space, planets and our bodies without causing any harm, R particles exhibit similar behavior. However, a major difference is that R particles may slightly behave differently when interacting with E energy."

What?!

"Our studies into the effects of R particle radiation are still superficial as it is a new phenomenon that we have never encountered in the Milky Way." The Lord of Dynamics honestly revealed. "We have made many preliminary discoveries since we have arrived in the Virgo Cluster. R particles can behave as catalysts, amplifiers or inhibitors depending on how they react to E energy. We have also discovered indications that R particle radiation may alter or enrich specific materials, but we cannot form any definite conclusions at this time. By themselves, R particles may pose a slightly harmful influence to the human physique, but it may be possible to mitigate their threat by relying on our medical science."

Ves did not know what to think. He was unable to detect these so-called R particles through his spiritual senses or with any of the detection equipment at his disposal. He was completely out of his depth when it came to this matter.

A map of Messier 87 and its 'local' neighborhood came into view again.

Fleet Admiral Argile adopted a defiant posture. "As we have stated earlier, R particle radiation is mainly a product of the jets of matter released by the Dark Source. This is a threat as well as an opportunity! The Red Ocean's new location relative to M87 places it far away enough from the diffusion of the ejected matter to prevent us from getting exposed to lethal doses of R particle radiation. Yet our current galaxy is also placed close enough to the axis of the jet of matter that we derive a great amount of power from the R particle radiation around us. This is one of the few advantages that we can rely upon to reduce our power gap with the presumed indigenous alien civilizations of M87."

The overall message was clear.

In order to survive, humanity of the Red Ocean must learn to leverage the new exotic energies and particles!

Ignoring their power was unacceptable!