Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

After concluding a deal with the Red Association, Ves started to correspond with Master Xena Wintress.

For a long time, the Overlord Project made virtually no progress into fulfilling its primary goal. A lot of researchers had come in to propose theories and conduct experiments, only to squander the Association's resources. They expended a lot of precious phasewater only to learn what didn't work while leaving a lot of dead bodies behind.

That said, the Overlord Project hadn't completely wasted their time. They not only learned all of the ways phasewater could be lethal to organisms, but also developed limited solutions that could limit the damage caused by accidents.

These developments were actually highly relevant to Ves!

He thought back on his daydream about embarking on a grand design to create the ultimate artificial phase lord god machine.

If he made use of the mitigation tech invented by the research team, he could increase his safety factor and prevent himself and his evolving Carmine biomech from getting torn apart by uncontrolled spatial disturbances!

This was not the time and place for him to get invested in such a ridiculous project. It was way too soon to irrevocably bind himself to a highly experimental biomech that incorporated an excess amount of untested technologies.

Ves didn't even know whether the Blood Knight Project was viable!

As much as he wanted to test out the mitigation tech that he just gained access to, he needed to stop getting sidetracked all of the time. He already had enough work on his plate. Promising to help out in the Overlord Project already added another burden to his considerable workload.

Fortunately, Master Xena Wintress expressed a lot of understanding towards Ves' difficult position.

"Every serious mech designer suffers from the same problem. None of us have enough time to explore all of our ideas and complete every project that holds our interest. I am aware that your recent rise to prominence has added many new commitments to your life. We hesitated whether it is appropriate for us to request your assistance, but the importance of our work is so great that we do need your active guidance. The clarification that you have given to us during the secret conference session has already proven your qualifications."

Ves leaned back on the admittedly comfortable hovering chair and stared back at the projection of the RA Master Mech Designer.

He wasn't thinking about the actual problems of the Overlord Project at the moment.

Developing a viable phase lord body cultivation method from scratch posed a lol of challenges, but Ves was confident that il could be done so long as there was enough expertise.

What truly concerned him was the greater undercurrents surrounding this project.

Who benefited the most from the rise of human phase lords?

Was this a scheme to get him involved in affairs that did not align with his interests?

Was the Xenotechnician plotting to use the results of this research project to secretly conduct diplomacy with the aliens behind everyone else's backs?VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

As much as Ves wanted to think about happier matters, he had paid the price of neglecting important concerns before. For better or worse, he needed to find the answers to deeper questions if he wanted to stay on top of everything.

He did not believe that the Overlord Project was as simple as il appeared on the surface. The implications of allowing humans to become phase lords were massive and intricately intertwined with the native aliens.

This was why he did not hide his suspicions during his first talk with Master Wintress on this project.

"Before we talk about more substantive topics on the Overlord Project, can you tell me what it is all about?" Ves straightforwardly requested. "I do not want to work on anything that will get me into a lot of trouble with people I don't even know. Give me context. How many human phase lords do you want to make, and what is the point of having them when we already have plenty of mechs?"

His questions briefly overtook Master Wintress. Though she maintained impeccable control over her body language, it was clear that Ves had broken the rhythm of the conversation.

The Master Mech Designer who wore a refined lab coat over a subdued suit made out of alien materials evaluated Ves over the communication channel once again.

"You have adjusted quickly to your new station in life. It is good that you are becoming more aware of the implications of every action. It is not our intention to deceive you, but there is little gain in trying to educate you on affairs when your perspective is still too limited."

What did that mean?

"Can you answer my questions, Master?"

"Please be patient, Professor Larkinson. 1 am in the process of increasing the security of this communication channel, but there are limits to what I am able to accomplish under the circumstances. I am unable to divulge particularly sensitive matters, but I should be able to provide partial clarification. Is that acceptable?"

Ves sighed. "It will do. Let me ask you this, then. Is the effort to create human phase lords an attempt to bring the Diplomacy Plan back from the dead?"

That caused the RA Master to express a bit of mirth.

"This is not a conspiracy to undermine the Deep Strike Plan. The Fist of Defiance has won the competition. The Xenotechnician has no desire to renege on his promises. That said, human phase lords may be useful in conducting diplomacy in a future phase of war. You see, not every war ends with the total defeat or annihilation of the losing side. I believe you are quite familiar with that since you have grown up in a state that is marked by serial wars against another state."

Ves narrowed his eyes. "Are you anticipating that the war will end up in a stalemate where it is more favorable for us to sue for peace rather than press forward?"

"This is a common result in wars between humans and different species." Master Wintress factually said. "Unless either side possesses the will to fight on and the resources support enormously draining military campaigns, it is usually better to demand a temporary or permanent end to hostilities. You should be well aware of the great disparity in numbers and resources between red humanity and the native aliens. Even if the Deep Strike Plans allows our civilization to even the odds, it is not realistic to expect That we can turn the odds even further in our favor."

Her logic was sound. Red humanity was the definite underdog in this fight. Gaming parity was relatively doable, but to go even further and build up a decisive advantage was a lot more difficult, especially when previous efforts already drained a lot of resources!

"I am not sure whether the Fist of Defiance is happy with this outcome." Ves retorted. "If he is as stubborn as I think he is, then he will not settle for anything less than a total victory."

"It is in his nature to substitute reality with his own will. However, this war is too great for that. For better or worse, we must prepare for an outcome where we must negotiate a peace between enemies that we would rather exterminate. If the aliens have suffered enough losses that it is in their best interest to pause the active fighting, there should be enough common ground to agree on a set of terms."

That caused Ves to frown. "The native aliens have a lot of territory, and they will likely retain a lot of holdings by that point. Time will be on their side as they can accumulate a lot more resources than us. Is it truly better to call for a break?"

"There are many more variables that you must take into consideration." Wintress gently rebutted the younger mech designer. "Our diplomats and planners are much more competent in these affairs than mech designers such as ourselves. You should leave this work to the professionals."

"I get that, Master, but how do human phase lords play into this dynamic? Are you hoping to use them as diplomats?"

"You have guessed correctly." Master Wintress nodded in response. "As you should know, the Diplomacy Plan hinges on the cooperation of the Cosmopolitan Movement. Ever since we have effectively rejected their outreach, the cosmopolitans have developed a grudge against us. It does nor appear likely that we can solicit their cooperation again. Even if we can, we are unable to believe in their sincerity. You were right when you addressed the delegates. The cosmopolitans are too unreliable to pin our hopes upon. If we want to secure our objective, we must rely on ourselves."

Ves widened his eyes. The pieces finally fell into place.

"Since the cosmopolitans can't act as mediators anymore, you are hoping to present a bunch of human phase lords to make contact with the leaders of the other side. Since phase lords are a major part of alien culture, the ones from our race have a much better chance to earn the respect and admiration of the aliens."

"It is not just that, Professor Larkinson. Let us flip this scenario. How do you think we shall respond when the orvens present their own version of god mechs and god pilots one day? How much of an impact will that make on our society?"

"Everyone will react with shock!" Ves gasped! "They will become horrified! If the aliens have managed to duplicate one of our greatest advantages and symbols, rod humanity will suffer an enormous psychological blow!"

Master Wintress smirked. "Do you see now why the Overlord Project is so significant? The unveiling of human phase lords has the potential to damage the morale of our adversaries and instill fear in their hearts. While there is a possibility that some of them will be prompted to fight even harder, others will begin to doubt the wisdom of persisting in their aggression. Aside from that, your earlier description is correct. The alien leaders will be much more inclined to hold substantive thoughts if we dispatch our own version of their 'gods'."

If this was the case, then Ves actually felt a lot better about the Overlord Project, it was not just about fulfilling people's power fantasies. Real progress translated into better possibilities to preserve red humanity.

Although Ves did not like the sound of stopping the war before any side had collapsed, it was unrealistic to expect red humanity to vanquish over all of the native aliens in a single go. It may take multiple wars interspersed with years spent on recovery before one side finally managed to finish the job.

It may be that people like the Xenotechnician were content with suspending the war between red humanity and the native aliens.

If they regarded the unknown but overwhelming enemies from Messier 87 as the actual threat, then il may be more advantageous lo keep all of the natives of the Red Ocean around!

After all, once the aliens from M87 finally made an appearance, the war for supremacy in the dwarf galaxy no longer mattered anymore!

Though Ves fully understood the logic behind these preparations, he couldn't help but feel it went against the spirit of what the Fist of Defiance and his growing base of supporters were working towards.

Ves himself did not want lo live in peace alongside aliens who had no qualms about wiping out every red human. How can they possibly live in harmony when they both wanted lo claim Che Red Ocean for themselves?

He inwardly shrugged. This went way over his head. Master Wintress was right. Ves should leave these issues to the professionals who were much better equipped to handle them. How the Red Association intended to manage the war was not his business.

Leaving aside all of these diplomatic and geopolitical considerations, the Overlord Project was pretty noble in itself.

Making red humanity stronger by giving people access to a new power system certainly wouldn't hurt in a time where everyone desperately yearned for greater strength!