Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5371 The Power of Red Humanity

Every red human united as one today!

As Operation Night Jazz showcased the strength of red humanity's strongest combatants, a wave of confidence and optimism swept across human-occupied space!

As people began to feel as if they regained control over their own destiny, they began to dispel the fear and uncertainty that gripped society after the native aliens had brought them away from the Milky Way.

No matter what, the best and strongest soldiers of red humanity would always be able to lead them to victory!

The indomitable human spirit and the rich accumulation of knowledge of their original society still gave them a qualitative edge against their native alien adversaries!

Seeing how so many different god pilots demolish the ancient phase whales stationed at the Tide Stations confirmed that their human gods still remained unmatched against the leading powerhouses among the aliens!

"The Fist of Defiance is so strong!" Vincent Ricklin gushed as he sat next to the other expert pilots of the Warborn. "Punching the Phase King back then was nothing. A true man should have the guts to challenge a real phase whale! General, when will we be able to hunt one of them down?!"

The commanding officer of the Warborn Mech Division looked perplexed as he stood behind his subordinates. "Phase whales are solitary and reclusive by nature. Most of them are content to hide inside their private enclaves for the majority of their lifespans. It is nearly impossible to seek them out. The intelligence sources that I have access to have yet to track down a single phase whale."

"Oh, come on, General Ark. Back when we ran with Ves and the expeditionary fleet, we stumbled into plenty of phase whales! We just had to enter a random star system and we would fall into a hidden pocket space more often than not. There are definitely more of them hiding somewhere in the Krakatoa and Torald Middle Zones."

"Even if that is true, Vincent, if they are so easy to find, then all of the pioneers would have stumbled upon them a long time ago. We are not equipped to track any of these phase whales down. We will stick to our original mission and continue our preparations to fight the secondary alien fleets that are continuing to slip through the cracks."

The discussion soon turned in another direction. As the expert pilots eagerly gushed about their favorite god pilots, Venerable Rosa Orfan asked a question to Ark.

"What do you think about the Army of One, Ark? Do you dream of piloting a god mech like the Auto-Coordinator one day?"

General Ark shook his head. "My approach is different from the Army of One. He is a part of the strongest organization of our society. He has a virtually unlimited amount of access and resources at his disposal. Do you think that Ves can design a mech for me that not only comes with its own pocket space, but also an entire manufacturing complex that can produce all of the battle bots that I will need? Besides, I cannot effectively control or leverage them anyway."

He knew his own strengths well. He thrived when he received the trust of his subordinates. A troop of battle bots were nothing but soulless machines that did not care whether he pledged to do right by them or not. It was also not his style for him to remain in the rear while letting his subordinates do all of the work.

"What about you, Rosa? Has the Huntsman inspired you to take up spear throwing?"

Venerable Orfan snorted. "The Huntsman surely knows what he is doing, but who is profligate enough to throw out so many good spears? If I had a weapon that is only a fraction as good as his, my Riot would cling to it as if it is the greatest treasure that we have ever laid our eyes upon! I have no desire to roleplay as an ancient hunter-gatherer. Spears are for stabbing as far as 1 am concerned."

Her words sounded contemptuous, but her tone could not help but betray a hint of yearning and envy.

If she possessed the spear-throwing power of the Huntsman, she could easily cripple and debilitate any formidable opponent she came across in the beginning!

As the Third Armada continued its assault on the forces tasked with defending the Seventeenth Tide Station, the duo comprised of the Army of One and the Huntsman easily dominated the sister whales from beginning to end!

Even though the formidable ancient phase whales still managed to destroy dozens of battle bots with their strongest spatial attacks, they wasted a lot of energy to overcome the large amount of space suppressors active on the battlefield!

Combined with the fact that the battle bots had become many times more difficult to destroy due to the Army of One's God Kingdom and willpower reinforcement, the actions of the two ancient phase whales failed to affect the human gods in any significant fashion!

With the Auto-Coordinator continuing to send out more battle bots as soon as the whales tore apart his existing ones, the god mech clearly demonstrated its dominance in the field!

"NO ONE CAN OVERCOME MY ARMY."

The Army of One managed to contain the powerful alien leaders so well that the Huntsman experienced very little hindrances in his attempts to bleed his prey!

His Heartpiercer leisurely circled around the whales who found themselves unable to break the encirclement of the Army of One's battle bots.

As trapped and helpless as the two alien leaders may seem, neither god pilot forgot that their current adversaries sat at the top of the native food chain.

They needed to be dealt with as soon as possible in order to control for all of the variables!

This was why the Huntsman acted in a deliberate fashion. Against enormous thick-fleshed prey like these whales, he had to weaken them step-by-step.

This was why all of his spear throws so far pricked his targets all across their body.

If he concentrated his attacks, he would definitely be able to pierce through the layers of flesh and puncture a few phasewater organs, but doing so would make his prey go crazy!

The Huntsman constantly monitored his prey's mood and conditions. As a highly experienced and knowledgeable hunter, he could easily grasp the psychology of his alien adversaries.

The empowered spears did not hit any vitals, but were always positioned to bleed out a large amount of phasewater-saturated blood in different parts of their bodies.

Due to the immense size and humongous amount of blood contained within their bodies, the ancient phase whales did not show too much concern at these bleeding wounds.

It was only after the Huntsman had punctured their bodies with over a dozen spears each that they finally realized that their strength was sapping away at a worrying rate!

The loss of godblood directly weakened their ability to leverage their spatial abilities.

After all, even if their phasewater organs were responsible for most of the work, the support of all of the other phasewater in their bodies acted as an amplifier to all of the abilities they performed.

The less phasewater in their bodies, the less able they were able to overcome the space suppression field!

What was even worse was that the spears also began to compromise their physical strength!

The Heartpiercer initially threw its spears at the thickest and least important sections of their bodies.

It was only later on that the god mech strategically threw his spears at body sections that contained a lot of important muscles!

The two ancient phase whales found it difficult to rotate their bodies and use their physical motions to fight against their adversaries. The torn muscles combined with the continued hindrances of the buried spears had weakened their options to such an extent that they lost the strength to make an escape!

"SOON, I SHALL EAT YOUR HEART."Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

The Third Armada ultimately won the smoothest victory of all. No matter how much the two sisters tried to combine their forces, the constant bleeding had weakened them to the point where their joint abilities could no longer destroy a single battle bot!

As for using their titanic bodies to fight in a more primitive fashion, neither of them were able to catch up to the god mechs when they were in a better state.

Now that their bodies became riddled with spears, their ability to do so had plummeted!

The Army of One and the Huntsman would have been idiots if they allowed themselves to get close enough for the two ancient phase whales to launch a counterattack!

In desperation, the two ancient phase whales attempted to split up in an attempt to give either of them a chance to escape.

It was painful for these life-long alien sisters to abandon each other in what may be their final moments, but the need to preserve at least one of them trumped every other priority!

Their desperate act was futile.

Once the two ancient phase whales split up from each other, the Huntsman alone was able to suppress one of them by himself well enough!

Even though he did not have the ridiculous amount of battle bots to assist with his efforts, the Doom of Xenos and the Reign of Frost helpfully flew closer to assist in his endeavors!

"Allow us to intercede, Your Holiness."

The Huntsman did not object to others joining on his hunt. This was a battle that directly affected the destiny of red humanity. He could not afford to make a mistake and let this vengeful ancient phase whale get away!

Although it was risky for the dreadnoughts to approach an ancient phase whale that still retained a bit of combat strength, this was the most favorable opportunity for the Red Fleet to test the might of its dreadnoughts against an opponent of this caliber!

The two powerful capital ships already strengthened the space suppression effect acting on the bleeding whale, causing her to slow down and weaken even further!

The Reign of Frost compounded on her weakness by peppering the wounded whale with barrage after barrage of ice shells!

Unfortunately, their effect appeared to be minimal at best. The extremely resilient hide and thick flesh of the ancient phase whales happened to be especially resistant against cold attacks!

Much of it had to do with the sheer quantity of biomatter of the phase whale. There was so much energy and heat locked within the moon-sized body that the Reign of Frost could exhaust all of her shells and only freeze the tail section at most!

It was clear that the Reign of Frost was not suited to fight against supermassive opponents.

The Doom of Xenos was the opposite in this regard. She patiently charged her spinal cannon until it had reached its maximum charge before firing it at one of the bleeding wounds of the injured ancient phase whale!

A bright flash of light lit up the entire battlefield as a torrential energy beam struck the wound and burned its way into body of the massive victim!

By the time the Doom of Xenos finally expended her prodigious charge, the dreadnought's crew rejoiced when they saw that they had bore a considerable hole in the titanic fleshy mass!

Although the cost was great, the result was satisfying enough to make it worth the effort!

While it was clear that the ancient phase whale still had so much biomass that it would take dozens of full-powered spinal cannon attacks to defeat such a resilient opponent, the outcome at least gave the Red Fleet hope that they could do better next time!

By the time the god mechs and the dreadnoughts finished their jobs, the two ancient phase whales had finally perished without being able to launch any significant counterattacks!

Although it was a pity that the crew of the Seventeenth Tide Station had self-destructed this strategic fortification in order to deny this prize to the hateful humans, the Third Armada had won a clear victory today!