Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 6051  Gloriana the Professor

"Meow~"

"Miaow~"

Lucky and Clixie laid on the foot on the large bed and cuddled against each other while beginning to fall into slumber.

Ves and Gloriana had already changed into their pajamas and slipped into their beds.

Although both of them had augmented so much that they could skip some of their sleeping cycles in order to spend more time at work, neither of the two discounted the value of sleep.

At most, the two shortened their rest times by a few hours in order to squeeze in a bit more work every day.

Both of them were swamped with work and responsibilities.

Gloriana not only had to lead the Design Department, but also allocate a lot of time to research how to adapt archetech to the Amaranto Mark III and Riot Mark III designs.

Ves had to stay on top of the developments of the Larkinson Clan and leave enough time for his studies and mech design work. He was having a particularly hard time in figuring out how to convert the weapons of the Amaranto Mark III into worthy Ultimate Modules.

He hadn't even started to start or resume the next batch of commercial mech design projects!

Though he constantly felt he was short on time, Ves did not worry too much about his design obligations. He knew he could trust his wife to complete most of the design work of the expert mechs of the Larkinson Clan. As long as he did a good job in the areas he was responsible for, his wife and other collaborators would be able to finish the rest.

Right now, he had a different topic in mind.

"Now that you have become a Senior Mech Designer, you are expected to take on a teaching position. Have you decided where you want to teach?"

"I have." Gloriana said. "It is not a choice that you expect. You must be thinking that I am considering whether to teach at a well-respected first-class university such as the Eden Institute of Business & Technology, correct? There is certainly a large amount of convenience if I teach classes at the same employer as you. The commute is also short enough."

Ves smiled. "Actually, I think you are too proud of yourself to work at the same school as me. You must have received a lot of invitations from large and renowned institutions. Even if you aren't as prominent as me, you are still a qualified masterwork mech designer in your own right. Your expertise in archetech and ability to design a complete archemech has also made you into an authority in this exotic field. I think that there are definitely a bunch of mech design universities out there that want you to share your insights to their students."

Left unsaid was that a lot of groups also had a strong incentive to befriend Gloriana in an attempt to get through Ves.

Whether his wife was aware of that fact, she did not mention it. "Did you know that the Antus Polytechnic University extended an invitation to me to teach a course on mech fabrication?"

"That's nice."

"Is that all you can say? This is the APU we are talking about! It is the most reputable technical university of the Dostoevsky Ancient Clan! Compared to other Terrans, the Dostoevskys have always invested a large amount of resources into becoming one of the premier leaders in the art and science sectors. The APU employs a large number of renowned Master Mech Designers who are all celebrated in the Terran mech industry."

"Oh. I remember now. I think I read about them a year ago or so." Ves belatedly said. "You shouldn't put much stock in the reputation of educational institutions. A lot of universities have taken over the brands of the original ones based in the old galaxy. They are so rigid and old-fashioned that most of their professors are famed for making contributions decades ago during the Age of Mechs."

"That is not necessarily an argument against them, Ves."

"You might not necessarily fit into these highly traditional and inflexible schools, Gloriana. There are a lot of universities that have only been founded a few years ago, but are able to rise up rapidly due to the brilliance of the professors who have made many brand-new innovations in the current age. The Eden Institute used to be relatively middling, but has now become the premier school in the Terran Alliance because of my presence."

His wife smiled but continued to boast about the invitations she received.

"The Antus Polytechnic University is not the only top school that has reached out to me. The Rubarthans have offered considerably more generous terms for me to teach remote classes at their respected institutions. The most notable offer comes from the Prince Titus Mech Design University. It hires just as many reputable and accomplished Master Mech Designers as the APU, but the Rubarthan school is more generous about allowing me to approach them and learn from them. Compared to the Terrans, the Rubarthans are relatively more welcoming to foreigners and outsiders, but only if they are competent."

Ves did hear a bit more about the PTMDU. Named after the 476th Prince of the Rubarthan Imperial Household, it was the premier workplace of the Master Mech Designers who cooperated closely with the prominent Smokestack Prince.

The invitation from the PTMDU was a clear attempt by the Smokestack Principality to forge a connection with Ves. The Terrans already managed to lay their claim early through the Eden Institute, so the Rubarthans probably felt they needed to regain parity by pouncing on this opportunity.

It would be embarrassing for the Rubarthans if Gloriana opted to accept a job offer at another Terran institution!

"So which ones did you decide to work for?" Ves curiously asked.

"Neither. Instead of teaching at one of these prestigious first-class institutions, I decided to go closer to home. After much thought and discussion with my mother Constance, I concluded that it is better if I start teaching at the Wodin Technical University that is located on the New Scimitar IV."

Ves looked shocked! He had a hard time believing that Gloriana willingly declined the opportunity to teach excellent Terran or Rubarthan mech design students.

Hardly any mech designer had an opportunity to work for the APU or PTMDU. Even if Gloriana rejected them in favor of a less prestigious but more generous first-class university, then Ves had little reason to complain.

However, instead of selecting the offers that gave her the option to build relationships with renowned and highly competent first-class Master Mech Designers, she gave up this opportunity in favor of going back to her roots!

"Far be it for me to criticize your choice, but can't you do better than the Hexers?"

"What is that supposed to mean, Ves?!"

"Erm, there is nothing wrong with the Hexer people! It is just that they are all second-raters. Now that you are becoming a first-class mech designer and starting to tackle design projects that incorporate a lot of high technologies, don't you think it is a better idea to work at those first-class schools instead?"

His wife sighed and shifted her position on the bed. "Your argument is not wrong, but… ever since I became the director of the Design Department, I understood the appeal of being in charge of an important organization. I can do much more to strengthen the Larkinson Clan now that I can exercise the authority of my new position. I feel much more useful than before. If I follow your advice and work by remote at those first-class universities, then I can already determine that none of the Masters over there will regard me as their equal. I will go back to being a student who is primarily occupied with learning as opposed to knowledge sharing."

She sounded a bit bitter about such outcomes. It appeared that she recognized that the main reason why she received so many job offers was because she was married to a certain tier 3 galactic citizen.

In order to escape the trap of her own status, she chose to accept a teaching position in more familiar territory.

"I see. I think I am starting to understand where you are coming from. Have you decided to teach at the WTU because you can assume more authority over an institution run by your family?"

"Correct, but that is not the extent of why I chose to teach over there. The Wodin Technical University may only be second-class, but the students and professors are all Hexers. I used to be one of them, you know. I understand how they think and what they value. They also have immense respect for me, so I can gain their absolute obedience. Even the Master Mech Designers who teach at the WTU will give me a large amount of deference. That is much better than becoming a fish out of water if I accept those other prestigious offers."

Her motivation was clear. She wanted to become the head of a chicken rather than the tail of a phoenix.

Though Ves personally preferred to choose the latter, it was not a bad idea to go for the other option.

"You must have a goal or strategy in mind if you are willing to settle for what most people regard as an inferior choice."

He knew his wife well enough that she was an incredibly prideful woman. It was hard for her to give up the bragging rights of claiming to be a professor of a top Terran or Rubarthan university. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

The alternative she chose had to give her even greater benefits in order to justify her selection.

"If my teaching position over at the WTU allows me to become a prominent leader in that community, I can influence the mech industry of an entire state." Gloriana calmly explained. "My voice will weigh heavily among thousands and thousands of Hexer mech designers. Over time, it is my ambition to take effective control over the Hexer mech industry."

"That… is quite an ambitious goal. I guess there are a few benefits to it, but the help that Hexer mech designers can provide is largely constrained by their class."

"I know, but I think there is potential to commanding this industry." She stated. "You should know that you can do the same. Your influence and popularity among the Hexers is greater than mine. Many Hexers wish to replicate your design philosophy so that they can design mechs that carry the blessing of Helena or the Superior Mother. The Wodin Technical University would love to have you teach one of its courses."

"No thanks. I'm good. You know my schedule is already packed. Besides, it is irresponsible for me to reduce or suspend my teaching at the Eden Institute. I am getting to know a lot of promising mech design students over there in advance. A few of them are soon going to apply to work in our Design Department."

There was no way he was willing to teach at a Hexer institution! He would rather eat cat food rather than become a part of the Hexer educational establishment!

In any case, while Gloriana's decision certainly surprised Ves, she had clearly set her mind on pursuing her own plan. It was not a bad idea to strengthen her grip on the mech industry of a state that had already become one of the Larkinson Clan's most important trading and military partners.

Just as the couple turned off the lights and started their sleeping cycles, a chime sounded before the bedroom door slid open.

"Miaow?"

"Mama. Papa. I can't sleep. Can I sleep with you?" Marvaine's pitiful voice sounded.

"Of course, my dear. Come over here. Mama will keep you safe."

The boy walked over to the bed and climbed up while holding his stuffed mech. His mother pulled him into her arms while showering his head with kisses.

Another day came to an end for the Larkinsons.

 