Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Due to the unexpected development of events, the lord has taken multiple drastic measures. Stocking up on food and sending spies to Ourals, banning The dragon’s fang and the cobra’s fang from adventuring for the time being so they can rest and save their power for the possible war, sending troops to chop off trees and stock up on firewood, having Leon help taking care of the Lloyd farm with Leyla, and lastly sending a messenger to the royal capital to carry the new of the recent events and the possibility of a dungeon break.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

After the treatment, Cain and his party were sent back home to rest and recover. Zaleria went with them as there was no other place where William could trust her not to destroy. The dragon’s fangs were sent home as well since their injuries were life-threatening if not treated carefully.

As they reached the mansion, Gracie knocked at the door with Alice at her side. “Who’s there? I told you we’re cleaning the floor!” The nostalgic screaming of Elsie made Alice’s mind at ease. “We’re back, please prepare a room for the lady.” Alice pointed at Zaleria who was carrying Sofia.

“M’lady? WAIT again?!” Elsie stumbled at the door as she checked Sofia’s bandaged arms, Cain was also leaning on Selena’s shoulder barely standing.

“Sebas, call everyone. Master and Lady Sofia are injured!” She rushed back to the door and screamed to the inside, another maid (Jemima) poked her head from the corner and then stormed at them.

Jemima seemed to try and help Selena carry Cain as she was injured as well. “M’lady, let me carry him as you need rest.” She was looking at the bandage running across Selena’s chest and abdomen. All the maids knew well how durable Selena was so they must think she is badly injured as well and just taking it. They were kinda right.

Selena wasn’t flung upward from the wind pressure generated by Morena’s wings, she did get slammed by one of them directly and got sent flying. It just seemed like it was the winds from how fast Morena’s wings were flapping. If Cain, Sofia, or Alice took that hit, they would have died instantly.

“Ops!” Jamima dropped Cain as soon as Selena left him at her, “Sorry I was thinking about Suzan.” The maid said trying to hide her smug face.

‘Damn, she hasn’t forgotten about that sunflower did she?’ Cain thought as he felt the cold floor under his face, it was weirdly comfortable as he didn’t need to be standing.

“Do this again and I will have you planted in the garden!” Cain said as Jamima slowly carried him back up, “Sorry master, I didn’t mean it!” Cain could tell she was laying from her smug face so he used a bit of his magic after weakening it a lot [Lightning grasp] He sent a weak electric shock on Jemim’s neck “Kya!” She cried and Cain laughed.

“I can’t control my magic with my injuries, you better be careful with my body or you might die!” He grinned at her as a small electric arc jumped between his fingers.

“Master, are you alright?” Sebas came rushing like a worried father, “I’m okay, have the maids Take Care of Sofia as she is in a worse condition. Also, this lady here is Zaleria Shadowend, Sofia’s grandmother.” Cain said as he looked At Zaleria as she handed Sofia to one of the maids.

“She seems quite young to be lady Sofia’s grandmother.” Sebas wondered as he scanned Zaleria.

“Make sure she is comfortable and don’t argue with her, otherwise I can’t guarantee your life!” Cain made sure all the maids heard him. If anyone of them offended Zaleria she might get killed on the spot.

Gracie led Zaleria inside to a suitable room even though she was looking a bit tired, Cain was taken to his room by the maids and everything settled for the day.

At night everyone was supposed to sleep alone so they can get some rest. But Sebas insisted that they have at least one maid with them in the room just in case, it will be horrible if Sofia’s condition worsened in the middle of the night and she was alone.

With that, each one of them had a maid stand as Cain in their rooms. Gracie stayed with Alice as she was the only one who saw her devil form. Alice seemed to be comfortable with Gracie to the point that it was like a sleepover, they chatted a lot before finally going to sleep. Gracie noted that Alice is still sleeping flat on her back without moving a muscle throughout the whole night, it was a habit from the days she was sick and could only sleep that way.

Selena spent the night with Katherine Powell who seemed to be more energetic than the other maids, as she prompted her to a short pillow fight before the bed. Selena found the exercise pleasing and she made up her mind to ask Cain to get her a scratching pad of all things. Katherine thought that Selena’s thought train seemed a bit weird, from a pillow fight to a scratching pad? “I need to keep using my claws and having them stuck to the pillows reminded me of it-nya. I felt they were a bit dull in the last fight-nya!” Selena said wagging her tail around.

Katherine Smiled as she watched Selena curl into a ball under the blanket and fall asleep. ‘She must have been exhausted to fall asleep this quickly.’

Sofia didn’t wake up after the fight, both her arms and legs got broken by Morena’s violent rampage, adding some bruises to her torso. However, the healer at the church and Miko said that she look worse than she actually is. She should wake up in the morning feeling better since she was mostly asleep due to exhaustion and Mana depletion.

Zaleria insisted to spend the night in Sofia’s room and Sebas had to agree, Cain just warned him after all. In the end, she ended up sleeping on the couch while the maid assigned to Sofia named Lexi prepared a bed for herself in the corner.

Even though Zaleria looked asleep she was half-awake, dragons usually sleep with only half of their brains while the other half is ready for violence. Sneaking on a dragon in their sleep was practically impossible unless they were hibernating.

For Cain it was Elsie. The maid prepared a blanket and sat on the couch keeping an eye on Cain in case he might need something.

‘I can’t sleep!’ Cain screamed internally as he was pretending to be asleep. Elsie was freaking him out as she didn’t lift her eyes from him. If he moved a muscle she would jump up, and stare at him for a few seconds before slowly sitting back down. Eventually, exhaustion caught him and he lost track of reality.

The morning quickly came by. Cain slowly opened his eyes as he heard a weird notification from the system. He painfully opened his stats as he knew something like this would happen if he forcefully absorbed Mana from souls.

“Damn it!”