Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

As their conversation drew long they found themselves standing in front of the guild door. “Remember, don’t attack anyone. If anyone talked to you and tried anything funny just ignore them or call me!” Cain warned her as she might start a fight in the guild and that would be ugly. Zaleria nodded and stood behind him.

Happy with her reply, Cain quickly opened the guild door and walked in. Almost instantly all the eyes were on the two of them, Cobra’s fang has just joined the Dragon’s fang in a dragon extermination mission and they succeeded. As details weren’t disclosed everyone in the guild thought that Cain’s party had participated in killing a dragon.

“It’s the new dragon slayer, Cheer for him!” One of the adventurers yelled causing the whole guild to roar in unison. “CHEER!”

Zaleria seemed surprised by the energetic welcome but Cain wore a stiff face, ~Troubles are brewing, remember to ignore everyone!~ He warned her using [Message]

She seemed a bit confused at the reasons for his worry but she soon enough understood. As they were walking through the table, one of the adventurers put his leg in her way with a weird smirk on his face. “Whose the new lady? You know he has another three women at his side?” The adventurer said looking at Zaleria.

Crunch! Zaleria completely ignored the adventurer’s existence and stepped on his leg as if it wasn’t there flattening it on the ground. “GRWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!” The adventurer yelped like a dog that had his tail crushed. Even though he was wearing a metal boot, his foot was now as flat as a razor blade on the ground.

Cain quickly turned around as he heard the squeal, “What?” Looking at the confused Zaleria.

“You said to ignore them and I did just that. He was the one the put his leg under mine!” She replied to Cain as she saw him sigh. Quickly they are surrounded by adventurers from all directions.

“What is the meaning of this?” One of them screamed.

“Lean! Lean! This seems permanent!” one of the adventurer’s friends cried as he inspected Lean’s wound. His leg was destroyed beyond repair and that mean the end of his adventuring career.

“See where we’re now?” Cain whispered to her. “You should have told me to not touch them, how I’m supposed to know that a scratch like that is permanent for a human?” Zaleria replied with a non-caring face.

Cain sighed again and drew his two daggers, “Don’t kill or injure any more people, just disarm or knock them if you can. Be as gentle as you could.” Cain told her and almost immediately an adventure came rushing toward her with his scimitar. It was Edward Vally the same adventurer who held Cain’s rank-up exam.

“I will avenge lean’s!” stance seemed a bit weird, on the next moment he pulled his spare scimitar and got into a dual-wielding stance. “Taste my new refined skill!” Edward swung his two swords at such an incredible speed that they almost seemed to disappear from his hand. The adventure gasped in amazement awaiting Zaleria’s blood to cover the ground.

Tin! Tan! Zaleria caught both swords with her bare hands without even moving a step and looked Edward right in the eyes. Crack! Both scimitars shattered in her hands at the same time. Edward’s mouth gaped like a choking frog.

“Cain said to be gentle so brace yourself!” swoosh! Curling her lips into a beautiful O shape, she blows the bulky adventurer to the other side of the room with a single breath. even though she looked human she still had full access to her draconic body power. To her blowing him away was like a human blowing a small spider from his table.

“I said be gentle!” Cain said with a tired voice and Zaleria looked at him with a sad face, “But they are soft and squishy, this is the best I can do to not kill them!” Even though her face seemed genuine, Cain knew she was lying as he had seen her hold back much better when fighting the girls.

‘I can’t really blame her as it’s those idiots’ fault.” Cain simply walked toward her and patted her shoulder, ” I will deal with this so just sit still!”

“Mary, I’m we’re going to kill anyone who approaches us so you better call the guild’s staff to stop those idiots from wasting their lives!” He yelled at the top of his lungs. A bunch of adventure got clearly offended, in their eyes he was just a newbie who has weirdly risen in ranks in just a few weeks. With their last mission, they were suspecting him to be leaching from strong adventurers like Dragon’s fang.

“You really think you’re a big shot brat!” A woman clad in leather armor and wielding a greatsword rushed at him with a big swing. Tap! Cain took a single step to close the distance between him and her, CRACK! Her nose made an awful sound as Cain smacked her with his dagger pommel. Bang! Her head quickly smashed to the ground and Cain followed with a kick breaking one of her teeth.

“This is the last drop of my patience, I’m going to slit the throat of whoever comes next!” Cain’s threat seemed more legit to them now.

‘I guess they need to be taught a lesson so they will treat me properly.’ All Cain wanted is for them to take him seriously and give him the fear and respect an A-ranked adventurer deserves. In his prime, he was feared and respected as a great enchanter. Having those adventurers act like this around him was getting a bit annoying and he didn’t have years to build his trust with them.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Mary quickly rushed in with the guild staff to stop the fight, “The guildmaster has given his special seal of approval for Cain and his party to rise to A-rank. please don’t start a fight with him he is very capable of killing a B-ranked adventurer easily!”

Even though they heard her words, the adventurer protested against them with Lean’s injuries. “Even though he’s an A-rank, that woman isn’t and she caused such an injury to an adventurer, we demand our right to be held by the guild!” They were half right as the guild had sworn to protect adventurers from non-adventures in that kind of scenario.

As they heard what the adventurers had to say, one of the staff handed Mary another paper.

“The woman standing in front of you is an acquaintance of the guildmaster and the city lord. laying a hand on her is punished by death and both lean and Edward would be handed to the lord at her words!” Mary quickly said, even though that wasn’t what was written she pretended it was like that. Some of the staff gave her a suspicious look and stayed silent.

The adventure’s face went pale. If she was just an acquaintance of the lord it won’t be much of a problem but an acquaintance of the guildmaster, oh hell no! This would mean both the guild and the law will be against them.

Cain poked Zaleria on the side, she winked back at him and opened her mouth “Yeah, you can kill…” Cain elbowed her on the side ~Let them go, we don’t have time to waste on them~

“Ahem, I don’t really care so let them go.” Zaleria corrected her sentence making the guild staff happy they won’t have to deal with the extra paperwork.

“Let’s head to the private room, we have a lot to talk about!” Mary approached Cain and smiled. He gently returned the smile.

“Let’s go, we have a lot of work after that back at home,” Cain said as he gestured for Zaleria to follow him.