Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

“Have you finished talking?” Cain asked as he saw Hati approach him.

She slowly lifted her head, “Why would I be here if I didn’t finish?”

“Then have you decided what to do from now on? Or do you need more time?” Cain asked as he looked behind her, Alice and Selena were staring at him. Sofia was still unconscious with Gracie tending to her.

Hati stared at him for a while, “I decided to leave the village, I don’t think I have a place here anymore.” She said with a bitter smile.

Cain looked at her. This must have been a difficult decision. It was probably the result of her last talk with her parents. “So where do you intend to go? The world is wide, you know.” Cain stared at her.

For some reason, she looked at him with an annoyed face. It was as if she wanted to say something but can’t.

“Skoll, do you have anything to say?” Cain asked. If Hati can’t then Skoll might be able to say it.

“(She wants to come with you lot. I also share that thought,)” Skoll said immediately. Hati tried to stop her but for some reason. Skoll had more control over their body.

Hati didn’t know how to react she spin in place as of chasing her own tail in an attempt to catch her sister. Even Though Hati and Skoll share the same body.

“I don’t mind, but we’re going to lay low for a while in Ourals and Furberg. I do intend to have at least a basic wedding there before I go forward.” Cain said with a faint smile.

“Are you set to marry? Is it one of those girls that came with you?” Hati asked with a surprised face. Cain sensed another thing in her voice, was it shock or a sense of urgency?

“Actually it’s all of them except the dragon and the girl that stayed in the mansion,” Cain replied. But now that he thought about it, he will need to marry Marina as well. Even if it was just taking her as a concubine in name only, it will allow him to rule over Ourals in a smother way.

That will also help to calm the animosity that sparked between Ourals and Furberg due to the war. Everything should be smooth if Furberg’s hero had married the daughter of Ourals after all.

Of course, Cain would still need to deal with some people who will oppose his rule no matter what. But to his luck, they will leave right after the wedding and head to the capital. From there he can ride a ship and sail through the northern sea toward the elvish continent.

The northern sea was filled with pirates and ancient monsters like Kraken and aboleth. It’s going to be a dangerous trip.

But before that, he will need to deal with the king’s daughter and probably get some support from the kingdom. A ship or two that can help him fend off pirates would come in handy after all.

“Four…we only take one here…” Hati seemed to find it hard to believe.

“Different cultures, different principles, and different takes on life. It’s a part of the world’s beauty and the reason many people chose the adventuring path.” Cain replied.

“Cain, even after explaining everything it doesn’t seem that we’re welcomed here after everything. Let’s hurry.” Alice walked toward them.

“She is coming with us, what do you think?” Cain asked Alice.

Alice simply stared at Hati for a moment. She remembered how she was fighting. The next this was that she remembered how Cain took her and Ourals lord’s daughter.

“Is it another one added to the…” Alice was about to ask but Cain denied it immediately. He wasn’t that attracted to Hati and she didn’t seem that attracted to him. They only met for less than a day after all.

“She is just coming with us for a while, probably until she can get used to traveling or find a place to settle in,” Cain replied with a smile.

“What is taking you so long-nya?” Selena walked in and asked.

“Nothing, we were about to come. But why the hurry, we will just teleport to Ourals after all.” Cain said in fact.

“Teleport…” Alice gasped as she remembered the existence of the Maze. It was linked to Ourals and Furberg after all.

“I forget about that-nya!” Selena yelled as her ears dropped.

Cain seemed a bit surprised at her sudden reaction. Did she have something against teleportation? Cain likes that spell as it’s convenient after all.

“Do you want anything?” Cain asked her.

Selena hesitated a bit and stole a glance at Alice. Her tail swung from left to right as if she did something bad. “I just thought we might pass by my village again-nya…”

She was expecting to see her family once more on the trip back. Cain could understand that so he had an idea now that he evolved.

“I do have an idea, you get in the mansion and return to Ourals or Furberg, I will make a trip to your village and create a gate there,” Cain suggested.

“You said before that you can’t because the dungeon core was weak or something. Or did your evolution fix that?” Alice cut him right in, she seemed to have been keeping an ear to what he was saying.

“No, that problem isn’t solved yet. On my way to her village, I will stop by a dungeon and clear it quickly for the core.” Cain told them.

“Then we should go with you as well-nya!” Selena said with an excited face.

“Sorry but that won’t do, I want to return quickly so I will be going with Zaleria only. That way we can speed run the dungeon.” Cain said as he was thinking of a way to locate a dungeon. Those things were a bit finicky to find and track.

Alice gave him a sad look upon hearing that, “Are you saying we’re not strong enough to help?” She said.

Cain was taken aback by her words. He never thought they were weak but was impressed by how quickly they grew.

“She right, we barely helped in the last fight-nya…” Selena’s tail dropped.

Cain’s mind could barely comprehend what they were talking about. That was a 40+ dragon, did they expect to simply exchange blows with it? They should keep in mind that they were below level 10 like a month ago and now they want to fight such a monster on equal grounds?

“You know that was a dragon right? That thing was strong enough to kill you in one hit.” Cain replied to them.

“But you managed to seal him, didn’t you? Why couldn’t we help?” Alice asked.

Cain looked at Alice “You’re a healer, you have some other spells but they will barely have any effect on soothing like him.” He then looked at Selena, “Do you want to punch a dragon of that size?”

“But you…” Alice was about to start again.

“Listen, don’t compare yourself with me. That’s unfair to yourself. I know a lot of spells and can twist them to my liking, I can guarantee you that if any other mage tried to seal such a dragon they would fail.” Cain had sealed a lot of things with imprisonment in his past. The spells he had more experience with were ninth-tiers.

“Fine, let’s head back,” Alice said as she turned around.

“Come on, we’re going home.” Cain pat Hati on her back.

She smiled and rushed after them. The rest were waiting for them at the village exit. Cain did want to help the Fenrir village rebuild their homes with magic, and he even was ready to offer them food and shelter in his maze for the time being. But now that they rejected Hati, he couldn’t care less.

It looked as if it was about to rain, Cain looked at his father leaning on the village gate as if he own the place.

“Is everyone ready?” Cain asked him.

“I heard you have five wives…” Chad asked him directly, Cain froze in place. Who the idiot who told his father about that? Alice and Selena were with him.

Cain immediately stared at the dragon that was whistling in the background. [Mist step] Cain teleported to her and grabbed her head.

“It was you who told him…” Cain was slightly angry. He did intend to find a suitable way to talk about that with his father but Zaleria ruined everything.

“Ow ouch! My head hurt stop!” She struggled in his grip. Cain could see that she was trying to hide a smile under her fake act. She found it funny that he didn’t want his father to know.

“AYAAA!” This time she felt actual pain as Cain infused some magic into his grip. “I know you won’t feel pain with how much strength I have so don’t even pretend that it hurt. Otherwise, I will hurt you for real.” Cain then let go of her head as his father was watching.

“As you heard, I do have five wives and I intend to have the wedding after we return. I do want to lay low for a short time after all.” Cain said with a faint smile. If he kept interfering with dragons like this he might have to face the dragon king next.

“Am I invited?” Chad asked with a worried face. He wasn’t expecting Cain to want to include his father who never appeared for twenty years.

“Of course, you’re invited. Why wouldn’t I include my father in the wedding?” Cain replied.

Chad smiled, it seems that his son did not hate him as much as he expected.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m