Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 272  A new Member.

"Wait, don't hit him!" Sofia rushed to stop Zaleria before she could delete Cain. She quickly caught her fist. Zaleria stopped before she could snap Sofia's hand.

"Stop joking around, I don't think my skill is enough to fool a dragon!" Cain cried, he knew that Zaleria wasn't serious. Since if she was, he would be dead as soon as she got in the room.

Zaleria turned her face toward Amaya and took a deep breath, "An undead, I have to say she seems to have more necrotic magic than is seen in other zombies." Zaleria's nose could pick the faint rotten spell that remained in Amaya. Even though he guessed she could do it, it was still impressive.

"Damn, even trained dogs won't catch up with true polymorph," Cain exclaimed.

"Don't underestimate our dragons, we can see, smell, taste, feel and hear more than other races can. I can still pick the human scent in you after you turned into this thing." Zaleria pointed with her finger at Cain, as if his body wasn't his.

Cain laughed and stared at Amaya. What were her stats?

-----------------------------------------------------

<Name: Amaya Bennett><Race: Human? (Undead-Zombie)><Level: 1/20<Exp: 5/300>

<HP: 17><MP: 13? (26)><SP: 13? (---)>

<Strength: 17><Dexterity: 14><Constitution: 20>

<Intelligence: 12><Wisdom: 11><Charisma: 10>

[Rejuvenation] If her phylactery (The caster Cain Lisworth) is still alive. (Amaya's soul is still located inside Cain.). A destroyed Amaya gains a new body within 1~10 days, regaining all its stats and becoming active again. The new body appears within 5 feet of the caster Cain naturally. Otherwise, he can just create a new body for her with a fresh corpse and [Create Undead]

[Turn resistance]  Amaya has resistance to any effect that turns the undead because her soul is kept safe inside the caster Cain.

[Undead nature]: Amaya doesn't require air, food, drink, or sleep. Her MP acts as SP. If her MP dropped to 0, she will start absorbing MP from the caster Cain Lisworth. If denied access, Amaya's body will start perishing.

[Undead Infection] Living people that were killed by Amaya rise as undead after a day if not prevented with magical means.

[Undead Horror] A mix between 20 constitutions and being undead.  Amaya's severed body parts stay alive. She can move them at will.

[Forced Power] Amaya can use her strength to forcefully dislocate or break her own bones in exchange for greater flexibility and dexterity (Dexterity stat becomes equal to strength stat). Doing this will damage her body.

[Prestigious Corpse] Other unintelligent undead will take Amaya in high regard and obey her orders. Unless they were controlled by a stronger entity.

[Weak Will] Since she lacks her soul, Amaya's body is prone to magical control spells like [Hold Monster] and restrain magic.

-----------------------------------------------------

'Good that the enchantment is hiding her true stats, but damn what is this? Were all the undead I created like this, no this must be since her soul is inside me and that she retained her intelligence?' Cain had never seen a zombie with such skills. She was closer to what he knew as Flesh golems than a zombie.

"Would you be fine working with Zombies and skeletons?" Cain asked Amaya with a straight face.

"No." She replied without hesitation, she was still the maid Amaya inside.

Amaya looked around her. From when Alice was a devil? Why is no one bringing that up?

"Well…I wanted to ask about what is that…" Amaya awkwardly pointed at Alice's horns and wings. She didn't want to jump to a conclusion and call Alice a devil.

"Ah, she is a devil. I guess you need an explanation. Gracie can you explain everything to her later." Cain stood up and stretched his arms. He was hungry after such chaos.

On her way out, Gracie ordered the other maids to bring food to Selena's room where Cain and the others were resting. She on the other hand dragged Amaya to her room to explain everything to her.

"Headmaid, Should we prepare the bath? We also have the items that the master requested ready." Diana told Gracie.

"Gracie is enough. Get the bath ready as well as the items. Also, make sure that all maids wear them as a part of the uniform." Gracie started her order, she was determined to make everything just the way Cain liked it. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"Ellie didn't seem to like them…" Diana said with a worried face.

"Then she can walk naked, Tell her that it's an order, not a request," Gracie stated with a straight face.

"A-as you say." Diana bowed and rushed back.

"The items…are they those clothes that Master ordered before he went on the trip?" Amaya asked.

"Yep, I did order three changes for each person so make sure to wear them from tomorrow on," Gracie said with a passive face as she walked in front of Amaya.

"But isn't wearing such a thing for master bad…I don't know how the ladies will react…" Amaya said with a worried face. It was true that if a maid drew the wrath of the lady of the house, she could turn her life into hell.

"The ladies have agreed upon a pecking order. Determined by the time they met Master. Sofia was first, Selena second, Alice is third, and I was fourth. Tonight Alice should explain to the master the intricate of Lady Hati so she might be the fifth if the master accepted." Gracie explained as they entered her room. Click! She locked the door.

"But that doesn't include us…" Said Amaya.

"They have agreed that all of you are fair games as long as you get their approval," Gracie replied as she pointed at a chair.

the bucket) You do it no matter what, and without questions." Gracie started explaining in a functional way.

Amaya took a seat and looked around. She never entered Gracie's room before, it was well organized.

"First role, Master usually asks if you can do something. You're fine to accept or refuse with a reason. (Can you carry the bucked, sorry I can't since my back hurt) Like this. But if he said an order. (Carry the bucket) You do it no matter what, and without questions." Gracie started explaining in a functional way.

Amaya immediately realized that the way Gracie was explaining things was strange. She focused on to do and don't do. She didn't leave any spot for wanting, desire or feeling.

After listening to the lengthy explanation, Amaya tilted her head to the side. "Isn't it too bland? I'm not trying to argue with you but can you explain it a bit better?"

Amaya's question struck Gracie deep. She immediately related the issue to her problem with emotions and felt a bit sad. She then got happy because she felt sad. She then got confused over how she got happy for failing her task.

Gracie stood silent for over five minutes as she was trying to sort her thoughts. Cain didn't give her instruction on how to act against such a mental hurdle.

…

After finishing their dinner, Cain and the girls headed toward the bath. They all needed to wash after what just happened.

Cain looked around him, someone who isn't supposed to be there was with them in the changing room.

"What are you doing here?" Cain asked Hati who was glaring at him with killing intent.

"(She is here on my request, don't mind her glare, she will calm soon.)" Skoll replied from inside Hati.

"I don't have a problem with her looking at me naked. But don't expect me to look the other way…" Cain tried to joke but Sofia pinched him.

"You don't have to say it…" She stared at him with a scary smile.

"After thinking about it I still don't understand what you are thinking sister!" Hati suddenly yelled at her sister.

"(I told you to trust me, and mom and dad's decision. Just give it a try if you want but leave the explanation to Alice.)" Skoll replied in an exhausted tone as if she said the same thing repeatedly.

Hati turned toward Cain with an excited face. "Let's fight it out, there is no way someone weaker than me can be of help!"

"Excuse me what?" Cain tilted his head as if he had heard an unknown language. "I don't mean to brag, and I know how strong you are. There is no way I'm weaker than you."

"(Fell free to beat her, she won't accept any other way)" Skoll said from inside Hati.

"I don't mind fighting her…but I won't make a move until she attacks first." Cain replied as he started taking off his shirt.

Hati immediately swinger her claw at his neck. The attack was filled with so much killing intent that the girls rushed to protect Cain.

Cain slowly turned around and stared at them. They were all frozen mid-air. He immediately released Alice, Sofia, and Selena and left Hati hanging.

"The spell is Called hold person, I only strengthened it a bit to stop you." Cain touched Hati's face. She was fully conscious, but couldn't move nor speak.

Cain then released her immediately, she fell to her knees struggling to breathe. "The spell is always active around me, only Zaleria has a chance is bypassing it."

Cain had evolution was completed, his whole body was Enchantable now so he had already started implanting permanent effects on himself. The first of which was [Hold Person] as a defensive mechanism.

"(I told you won't be a match for him, how stupid can you be?)" Skoll said from inside Hati mocking her.

"I'm starting to hate you already!" Hati screamed at her sister.

Cain looked at them and then stared at Alice as if asking for her help. She nodded in agreement and walked behind Hati.

"Here you go." She pulled Hati's dress down, "It's what you asked for, remember that."

Cain didn't expect that when he asked for help.

 