Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

“What was that?’ Takeshi thought as the red flash passed by him, In the next second, he got his answer. ‘It’s that girl!’

~What are you doing, stop them before they could go too far!~ Yamauba’s voice echoed in his head, she was using a [Message] spell. The spell only works on targets that you can see and hear, It was useless as a communication spell but effective when wanting to deliver a quick line directly from the caster’s thoughts!

Thud! Selena was quicker to act as if she was awaiting the chaos!

Seeing that, Takeshi sprung into action.

…

Cain was focused on taking Jack’s head off, uncaring about anything else. His 20 Intelligence was used only for killing.

Just as his slash connected, a weird force pulled Jack away and a massive Nodashi blocked Cain’s sword. Takeshi has interfered, Saving Jack’s life.

Cain who was hyper-focused on putting Jack 6 feet under the ground, didn’t even notice it was Takeshi who stopped his slash.

VROOOM! Cain’s sword rumbled again, sparks exploded from Takeshi’s Nodashi.

Feeling the danger on his blade, Takeshi pulled his Nodashi back, avoiding contact with Cain’s sword.

Cain took that opportunity to slip behind him following Jack. Takeshi couldn’t believe how that happened, It was as if Cain was reading his movement before they could even happen!

“Come back here!” Takeshi screamed as he crabbed Cain from the back of his armor collar, throwing him away from Jack.

Cain didn’t have enough strength nor mass to resist, his was easily thrown in the opposite direction.

SWOOSH!! BANG!” A flaming spear exploded in Jack’s torso, knocking him unconscious. Sofia didn’t give Jack any time to breathe!

“Another one?!” Yamauba screamed. She couldn’t believe Sofia had already learned two Second-Tier spells!

Thud! Thud! Thud! ROOOOOOOAAR! The violence didn’t end there, Selena Jumped at Jack’s still flying body! Her Jaw was fully opened, ready to snap his neck!

Not everyone could feel the killing intent, just a select few including the dragon fang members!

All three of them had killing intent toward Jack! Sofia was more of kill to protecting type, her killing Intent resembled that of a desperate mother! She might calm down if her target looked dead!

Cain’s killing intent was that of spite, he probably wouldn’t calm down until he sees Jack’s head rolling on the ground! They seem to have a deep grievance!

But the scariest one of them was Selena, her Killing intent was wild, beastly. At this point, she only saw Jack as food, a prey to be hunted! Unless she is stopped, She will maul and tear him to pieces!

[Sleep] Yamuba cast her spell on Selena, forcing her to fall asleep! This was the only way they could stop her without hurting anyone!

As Selena was losing conciseness, her jaw started losing strength. In the last attempt, she swang her claws at Jack’s neck, leaving him with a nasty wound!

The pain from that woke him up, He still haven’t grasped what was happening to him! ‘What happened?”

[Burning Hands] VAWOOSH! Sofia used her last drop of MP trying to get one last hit in!

When Jack looked her way, he only saw her bare sole about to crush onto his face!

“Calm down!” Daraku screamed as he caught Sofia before she could hit Jack, “You can’t just kill him!” He instantly threw her to the ground fully restraining her.

With her MP out, Sofia was the first one to calm down!

“YOU SCUMBAGS! I WILL GIVE YOU A TASTE OF HELL!” Jack growled, he intended to scream but his injuries stopped him.

At that moment, the four members of the dragon fang felt something weird! A weird type of energy was building up inside Jack’s body.

‘A curse?’ Did we make a mistake!! Yamauba started charging a fourth-tier spell [Fireburst], it’s the one Cain mimicked to kill the Cobra!

Takeshi wasn’t oblivious, the moment he sent something off about jack his goals changed! From stopping Cain to killing Jack. ‘Shit, We misunderstood!’

Daraku also felt it but didn’t act, If Yamauba’s magic was coming, Takeshi was the only one who could dive into the mess!

‘The prophecy was to help them!’ Miko thought, ‘We thought that helping them meant preventing them from killing Jack and getting in trouble!’ We were wrong! ‘We should have helped them kill him instead!’

[Firelance], [Enchanting], [Enchanting]!

[Firelance], [Enchanting], [Enchanting]!

At the same time, Cain started mimicking two [Fireburst]s, one in each hand!

Seeing that had thrown the entire guild in a loop, wasn’t he a swordsman? and he even held his own against Takeshi! To them just the fact he was about to lunch two fourth-tier spells at the same time was terrifying.

Yamauba almost lost concentration when she saw him, ‘Two at the same time, without a catalyst?’

“STOOOOOP!” A strong voice came from upstairs, [Anti-magic zone]!

The first one to be affected was Cain, his mimicked magic was already unstable and with him making two, he quickly lost control. He wasn’t able to construct magic!

Following him was Yamauba, she seemed to be the one to stop her magic. Takeshi also stopped on his own.

“Guild Master! I was wondering where you were!” Mary shouted, an old man with a long white beard was walking downstairs, a happy smile on his face.

“Healing magic can still work, heal him!” He ordered one of the healers downstairs to heal Jack.

“Old man! You must have felt it as well!” Takeshi screamed.

“I did, It’s just that we can’t deal with him without a prof! Let him be for now!” The guild master declared.

“You scumbags, I will…” Before Jack could finish, the guild master shouted again! “Scram kid, If not for your father’s face I would have joined them against you!”

Hearing that, Jack shut his mouth. It wasn’t worth it at this point!Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Take him back!” As the guild master shouted, the two guards took Jack out.

Silence finally ensued, All the adventurers who were watching didn’t understand what happened!

Cain finally calmed and put his sword back, signaling the end of this fight.

“I will be heading out to talk with William about this, You discuss what happened inside!” The guild master declared that he was going to negotiate with the city lord.

“What do you mean?” Cain was the one to speak of all people.

“I can buy you two days, three at most! You must find a prof against Jack in the meantime!” The guild master seems to have sensed the same curse that Yamauba sensed!

Cain understood what the guild master meant! In his past life, he never fought Jack, but now that he felt that curse he knew something was off.

Jack was about to use a curse, a type of magic that devils specialize in! The guild master was saying to expose that to the world so their action will seem justified!

A lot of questions were in Cain’s mind at the time! Dose Jack has something to do with Alice’s case? Did he have a hand in the Catastrophe?

How was he going to explain everything? how were they going to proceed?