Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The guild master stormed out like a tornado, even though he looked old and frail, his strength didn’t weaken even a bit! He was a former S-rank adventurer who took the position of guild master after retiring!

Inside The guild meeting room, they all sat facing each other, to talk about what happened. The guild was already in support of its adventures in this kind of situation because without that some quests can’t be done!

Of course, they were monitored by a guild staff, mostly recording what they were saying so the guild can keep it in the records. It was also for the guild master to go through after coming back!

It was awkward, to say the least. No matter how he thought about it, he would have to reveal something to get out! Cain didn’t want to talk about his reincarnation!

‘That thing we felt from Jack at the last moment, It was a curse of some kind! I can use that.’ Cain made his mind, he was going to hyper-focus the conversation on that, trying to camouflage anything that might spoil his plans!

Who was going to speak first? everyone was silent. If now one started, Cain was intending to be the one to speak first! ‘It will be nice if I can lead the conversation in the direction I want from the start!’ he thought.

~Keep it short, we need to end this meeting quickly, we have our reasons as well!~ Yamauba sent Cain a short message using the spell [Message]

It was a bit surprising for her to know such a niche spell, that was most commendable! especially when she was adventuring!

Cain did know this spell, in his past life he had found it most useful Commanding a certain Elf princess!

[First-tier magic [Message] Have been added to the system!] It didn’t take him long to remember how the spell worked!

~Don’t worry about that!~ Cain replied, Yamauba tried her hardest to keep a straight face. Just how much magic did he know? Even now, she was fighting the urge to ask him about how he managed to duel cast fourth-tier magic!

Sofia was the most scared of them, her legs were shaking. Be it the exhaustion from emptying her MP reserve twice a day or just fear, her stomach didn’t seem to find the situation pleasing.

As he noticed her, Cain wrapped his arm around her shoulder. “Calm down, I will handle this!” He whispered, yet making sure at least one of the guild staff heard him as to not be suspicious!

~It’s me, Cain, just stay silent and don’t speak without my permission!~ Cain told both Sofia and Selena.

Yamauba also used the [Message] spell to tell both Takeshi and Daraku to keep quiet, if those two spoke they might end up prolonging the talk!

“I will speak first!” Cain said standing up.

“We all know Jack could use Curse Magic right, we have all felt it!” everyone nodded except Selena who was clueless.

To explain what a curse is, It’s just a type of magic mostly used by devils! The Magic that could turn people into zombies is a curse, Lycanthropy is a curse, seduction magic is a curse, and more! People who use those types of magic are usually sentenced to death!

Some may try to argue against it. But just think of it like this…

A necromancer is a serial killer who kills for his experiments, Lycanthropy is Cannibalism on steroids, and seduction magic is just forcing someone with extra steps!

At the last moment in the fight, when he got cornered! Jack was about to use curse magic and that was what triggered dragon fangs to act against him!

“I already knew beforehand that he could use curses, that’s one of the reasons why we attacked him!” Cain explained, and he was Lying!

“She was the one to attack him first, even though he drew his weapon first. Did you by any chance knew he could use curses!” One of the guild staff looked directly at Sofia with a sharp glare.

~I knew. when he drew his weapon, I attacked instinctively!~ Cain spoke directly into her mind, Sofia got surprised but then repeated what he said.

“I knew. when he drew his weapon, I attacked instinctively!” she said slowly, still being a bit nervous.

They looked at her in silence before just nodding, “When you’re a newbie I guess you can act rashly!” It was common for starter adventurers to start fights, young hot-blooded. Unlike how it seemed, that hot temper was a way for them to survive!

When interacting with humans, a hot temper was a bad thing, of course, there was no arguing that. What was more important was that they mostly fought monsters, with those only the language of violence worked! Being the one to have the first hit could lead to an easier win!

“Sadly I don’t know which curse type though” Cain added before they ask.

He was simply applying the following. We knew Jack could use curse magic but didn’t know what type of curses! We weren’t going to wait and see it in action to know, because then it might already be late to stop him!

With that, the meeting has reached a dead end. The guild staff can’t just blame them for attacking a curse user. knowing what they could do, it was unreasonable to ask someone to not attack them, especially if the curse user had already drawn his weapon!

Even with that, they should have contacted the guild first, even if it was a baseless accusation! The guild would have kept an eye on Jack just in case! They weren’t going anywhere without getting a whole lecture about trusting the guild and reporting such cases even if they seemed unlikely!

After just a few minutes of scolding, they were dismissed to try and find evidence against Jack! It was their only way to survive legally.

“Don’t worry, I’m an expert in dealing with those situations!” Daraku whispered in Miko’s ear, making her smile.

“What would you do then, frame someone?” She just joked and didn’t expect Daraku’s reaction. He looked the other way whistling.

Being a bit triggered, being a cleric and all. Miko pinched Daraku’s ear, dragging him with her to a corner away from the rest.

It seemed like Daraku wanted to steal some jewelry and heirlooms from the nobles in the city then shove everything into Jack’s room, Framing him with the crime! That way the lord would want to keep face by staying quiet.

As they passed by the guildhall, they were the topic of every discussion! Especially Sofia as they didn’t expect her to be that strong! Just a couple of days ago she was unable to use magic, seen as a useless mage! And now she was throwing second-tier spells?

There were even some rumors that they were a special A-rank party trained by dragon fang! How did it come to that?

There was a lot talked about, only one thing was in common! Cain and his still nameless party, their rank didn’t make any sense! The guild needs to give them a special test to gauge their true rank, otherwise dealing with them will be risky!

Just Imagine Edward, a B-rank adventurer being punched across the room for angering Selena who was technically a newbie F-rank adventurer!

Cain was thinking about something more important than listening to those rumors, It was Alice! Did Jack have something to do with her condition, It wasn’t out of the question! He still had his doubts about her and now Jack as well!

As soon as they were out of the guild, “What now?” Takeshi asked.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Still feel as if something were missing, as Yamauba told them to stay quiet he didn’t speak. But now he wanted to know the full story.

“Mostly secret talk, I doubt that was all he had to say!” Daraku looked at Cain, It was obvious from that smug look on his face! He already could tell that Cain was still hiding something, for a rogue who was well versed in deception it was easy to guess!

“Can we talk at home? It’s a good place!” Yamauba asked suggested, this wasn’t a subject to be discussed on the street.

Is it right to get them involved? Cain regretted not acting alone from the start, he had attracted a lot of unwanted attention! If he was alone, he might have been able to keep a low profile and act…’ No!’ He quickly erased the thought from his head, remembering how Selena saved him the Bandit Cave!

“That was all I had to say, I will go my way now. Unless you want to share your reasons!” Cain looked intensely at Yamauba, pointing to what she said before.

If he was to speak, they should as well!

“We got a prophecy about protecting you!” Miko spilled the beans without hesitation, “Amaterasu didn’t say to keep it a secret!”

Unlike the others, Miko seemed to share a bit of Daraku’s savage personality, the not giving an F part. That was partly due to her complete trust in Amaterasu’s prophecy. Cain was someone to be trusted!

‘A prophecy? Amaterasu?’ Cain thought, “Let’s talk!” He quickly agreed, Miko already told a part of their story and got his interest! Even so, he still intended to not tell everything!

Instead of going their separate ways, they all headed toward a commonplace. Dragon’s fang house. It was on the other side of the city, it took a bit to reach it!

Still not knowing what to do, Sofia and Selena just kept close to Cain.

Sofia seemed to find it hard to walk barefoot, her boots were burned to a crisp as used her magic! Cain was bout to give her a piggyback, Sadly, Selena took the initiative and carried her.

Dragon fang party being an A-rank with ample money, they have rented a full house instead of staying in a shabby inn!

A two-story building that looked closer to a mansion than a house. It was separated into two sections, one was for Takeshi and Yamauba and the other is Daraku and Miko!

After entering, they sat in the living room to have their meeting!