Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chad’s stared from his deathbed at the dragon, only seeing red blood dripping. If he could only grab him, he would drag him to the depth of hell…

~Wake up Chad…we have a son to protect…~

Ba-boom! Ba-bump! Ba-boom! Ba-bump!

As the dragon glared at Chad’s glowing eyes, he could feel a wave of divine magic pulsing with each heartbeat.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“I can feel it, hear it, his heartbeat. You’re dangerous.” His body started to swell and morph. Forget gargantuan, he was far bigger than Zaleria. His scales had a pale red taint to them for how old he was. His horns were filled with cracks as scars of ancient battle riddled his body.

An old dragon with an imaginable power, just his being there almost Caused Isbert who was close to fainting again. She had just recovered from a greens dragon’s toxin and now she was facing the heat. If not for the shard cooling her from the inside she would die long ago.

“You will…” The dragon’s vision suddenly got dark, this wasn’t Chad’s doing. Slash! Something stabbed his eye socket. He swing his claws to catch it but only caught air.

STAB! Another hit his front left arm, SLASH! Another his other eyes. “You’re an annoying mosquito, get away!” He growled, his scales bursting into flames and heating the air around him.

From the intense heat, Gracie had to retreat, she knew her strength couldn’t get her anywhere alone. “Forget him. Bring me, Selena. She is in critical condition.

“She is right, a single him and well splatter like a sardine. Just keep your distance, we’re only getting in the way.” Nemmoxon said as shielded Alice and Cain from the heat with her wing, this was all she could do after the last fight. She might be healed but that didn’t mean she recovered her energy.

…

Ba-boom! Ba-bump! Ba-boom! Ba-bump!

Ba-boom! Ba-bump! Ba-boom! Ba-bump!

Chad’s burned body started smoking with divine energy his wounds began to heal and the ashen bones of his arms regrew. Ariel could feel her link with Chauntea boiling.

Ariel was connected to Chauntea and Chad at the same time, for that, he was using her as a medium to suck a massive amount of divine energy from Chauntea even though he wasn’t her paladin.

Thud! The dragon didn’t give Chad any time to heal, leaping immediately at him with a kick. Just like Cain, he had to finish him off.

BAM! The Dragon sent a claw strike and plowed Chad’s body from Ariel.

“What?” the dragon gasped as Chad’s burned arm regrown and tried to block his claw just for him to get flung away from Ariel and roll on the ground.

“CHAD!” Ariel screamed flapping her wings as hard as she could to fly toward him but the dragon caught her by the hair. She glared back at him.

Ariel glared at the dragon, if she was at her full strength, a great wyrm like this would have been easy to deal with. No, she was not trying hard enough, all she needed to do was force it out.

In a single move, she slashed her hair from the dragon’s hand and flapped her wings as hard as she could. Mimicking Chad’s magic, she clenched her fist as hard as she could, [Divine Smite]

“Fucking mortal!” Ariel growled, smacking the dragon in the face as hard as she could force her body to achieve. Her body was limited by her summoner’s level (Chad), condensing all of her strength into that single blow, the dragon’s head got smacked to the ground but her wrist shattered from the impact.

‘I shouldn’t underestimate angels, no matter how weak they seemed. In the end, they are the gods’ royal guards.’ The dragon regretted treating Ariel lightly, she might have been focused on healing Chad but she had enough strength in her to hurt him.

As the dragon was down for those seconds, she ran toward Chad. She didn’t have enough energy to even fly after forcing such a strike.

The next thing she saw was Chad standing up without touching the ground with his hands, divine energy started dripping from his eyes like a golden stream. His body was fully healed and his heart can be heard beating louder than ever before.

Ba-boom! Ba-bump! Ba-boom! Ba-bump! Ba-boom! Ba-bump! Ba-boom! Ba-bump!

Level 39/40 => Level 40/40 => Level 40/60

<Race: High Human> => <Race: Adam’s kin>

“Cain…” Chad said glaring at the dragon. Slowly walking toward him, Ariel couldn’t even speak. What she was seeing ahead of her wasn’t something that shouldn’t happen.

She could sense that Chad leveled up as she had regained some of her power, but he didn’t gain any Exp at that moment…did the system just malfunction? No, Chad had forcefully absorbed divine energy from Chauntea, something that anyone would deem impossible.

“Chad, what did you do?” She yelled fearing he might have sacrificed something, she looked around. It didn’t make sense, something has to have died for him to gain Exp and level up. Question who?

Was it the adult dragons from earlier? No Cain took Care of them beforehand, how?

Chad started slowly walking toward the dragon, with each step, his body radiated divine energy. It was so powerful that the clerics in the capital could feel his presence.

BAM! In the blink of an eye, Chad lunged at the dragon in a single step.

“Human, what did you use?” The dragon smiled, this was the first time he saw a human survive his fire like this. “Do you have any regeneration abilities? Are you immortal?” The dragon growled facing Chad.

CRACK! Chad smacked his fist as hard as he could on the dragon’s face, and his knuckle cracked.

“A powerful strike, but it isn’t enough!” The dragon twisted his neck and breathed directly at Chad sending him flying in a blaze of flames.

SMACK! Chad’s charred body rolled on the ground, “AGRAAA!” A scream escaped his lungs as divine magic cleared his burns and he got back up. CRACK! The ground shattered as he leaped at the dragon again.

[Thunderous Smite] Chad hit the dragon’s front left ankle trying to drop him down. The dragon mocked his pathetic strength and flew away.

BAM! Chad leaped behind the dragon grabbing one of his horns in his arms. CRACK! Using his powerful arms, Chad shattered the horn.

“You insolent human!” The dragon roared in rage. He was old and his horns were a source of pride, for thousands of years they never broke.

The dragon shifted back to his humanoid form to face Chad, it would be easier for him to protect himself against pity attacks.

Spinning in place, the dragon kicked Chad on the head to return the favor. “You dare touch my horns!” The dragon growled as he felt Chad’s skull crack.

Thud! Chad crashed to the ground, Ba-boom! Ba-bump! Ba-boom! Ba-bump! Immediately standing back up, his would-be healing faster and faster [Aura of Vitality]

Thud! The dragon landed in front of chad.

CRACK! Chad immediately kicked the dragon in the guts using the dance move he learned from the capital dancer, he blasted the dragon backward.

CRIIIIIIIII! The dragon used his feet claws as a break, stopping to look at Chad.

CRACK! Chad wasn’t in his place, he instead was already behind the dragon and kicked him in the jewels from the back sending him to the sky.

BAM! BAM! Chad leaped back toward a stone and used it to angle his second leap directly toward the dragon.

The dragon dodges Chad’s strike by spreading his wings and changing his direction. He blasted him with a fiery claw strike severing his left shoulder and sending him back to the ground.

Thud! The dragon landed a few feet away from where Chad’s body fell, staring at him. “Are you human? You should be dead.”

Ba-boom! Ba-bump! Ba-boom! Ba-bump!

Ba-boom! Ba-bump! Ba-boom! Ba-bump!

Chad’s heart was still beating loudly, his body burned by holy flames healing his wounds. Standing in place, he conjured a divine sword similar to what Ariel was doing in front of him for years.

BAM! He leaped ahead and swung the blade at the dragon as hard as he could. The dragon easily blocked the strike with his palm and pushed Chad away with an explosion of flame causing the ground to shatter into pieces.

From the debris, Chad kicked a boulder at the dragon to distract him. The dragon took the bait and smashed the boulder with his hand just for Chad to appear behind him swinging his blade.

As the dragon blocked with his wing, he exploded the area around him with flames to fend Chad off.

Ariel ran away as did everyone, those two were causing so much destruction around them it was insane.

“Hey Blondie, what happened to your man?” Farryn cried as she woke up from the hit she took earlier to find the whole place in utter chaos.

“As if I know, go help him you’re strong aren’t you?” Ariel yelled back. Chad was using her as a medium to draw the divine energy he needed from Chauntea’s domain, if she were to fight he would lose that power source and potentially die.

“You useless angel, fine I will do it on my own.” Farryn pulled her hammer and got ready to fight. ‘Is this why Sylph said to never anger Chad? Why is he holding his own aginst a great wyrm?’

Looking at Chad’s fight, Ariel remembered what they were taught in heaven about the history of the world. Right after the world got created, when it was riddled with eldritch horrors and abominations that spawned from chaotic nature. The first god, a long-forgotten existence walked between them.

With his hands, he buried the seeds for the world tree, the first-ever plant life, Yggdrasil, to this day it still stands. And from its first fruit, Corellon Larethian sprouted and created the elves.

From his blood, he created the first dragon, Asgorath. Alone he pushed the abomination to extinction. Their battle shaped the land and raised mountains, later he died from his wounds but not before giving birth to his descendants.

And lastly, as the unknown being looked around, he lifted a handful of clay with his hands. And with that, he created the first human Adam.

Adam, Corellon Larethian, Asgorath. Those three were like brothers, being created by the same being in a time when survival was almost impossible. Yet, they dominated the abominations world and ruled over it.

Ariel could remember Corellon Larethian’s divine power back away from Farryn’s body when she was about to face Chad on the ship.

In the distance, she could see the dragon transforming back to his draconic form to fly but Chad grabbed him by the tail and climbed his back.

At that moment, a large metallic arrow pierced the dragon’s side causing him to fall to the ground.