Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

1-[Seal of Dexterity: +2 Dexterity]

2-[Seal of Holy Smite]

3-[Seal of body attraction]

4-[Seal of charge-less spell]

5-[Seal of Etherealness]

6-[Seal of the Shielder].

7-[Seal of the overcharge]

8-[Seal of the Titan]

9-[Seal of the legendary Resilience]

10-[Seal of the assisted control]

“All of your seals seem to be functioning well, but seeing as you still walking, I think you didn’t use the titan seal in the last fight,” Cain asked as he looked at Zaleria’s nails.

She glanced back at him, “A one minute of doubled strength, I might have been able to kill him, but when I get incapacitated for a day, who’s going to carry them away from the explosion.”

“A suicide move, glad you understand that. Is there a chance for you to use it?” Cain smiled.

“When Sofia got thrown into the volcano, I was about to break all the limiters, but then her magic didn’t disappear. As long as there was still hope, I didn’t want to use it.”

“And that hope is? Father, I heard he went crazy.” Cain replied with a smile.

“Oh please stop, I touched the link inside you so I could tell. The monster behind you was starving for blood, only your fainting magic was keeping her at bay.”

“You’re right, we were lucky I got healed before she could call master to help her breakthrough. I wouldn’t be able to stop her then.” When Cain was almost dying, Sylph was using all of her strength trying to open the link, she could smell the great wyrm around Cain from across the sea. If she were to come, the whole place would turn to rubble, the entire forest will expand and she would literally flip the kingdom on the dragon’s head. She doesn’t care about human casualties.

When Cain was blocking the link preventing her from opening a [Sprout Portal] (A small tree that she will emerge from) she was about to call Lilia to help her. If there was someone in the world that is knowledgeable about magic, it was her. Even if Cain’s combined life now was almost hitting 150 years, he would never hope to reach her level of mastery.

“Master? There is someone you call master?” Zaleria looked surprised.

“Lilia, heard of her?”

Zaleria thought for a second before staring at Cain with a surprised face, “Lilia…the laughing tornado?”

“In the flesh, if she were to come here, this whole place is as good as gone.”

“What did she teach you…”

“Forget that for now, let’s focus on your nails.” Cain cut her, he didn’t want to start talking about what he learned as it was terrifying to know that someone like Lilia is roaming free.

…

In the elvish kingdom, Lilia was walking down a village with a happy face. Hopping from one fence to the other like a rabbit, her humming can be heard from a distance.

Knock! Knock! She reached one of the houses and started banging on the door, “Did you do it too much last night? Wake up!” She yelled mocking them.

No one answered, only silence.

“Don’t tell me you hired a Cubas, didn’t know you lot were into that. Aren’t they a bit boring?” She kept talking, uncaring that no one responded. A menacing glow was emitting from her eyes.

Silence kept going on, she didn’t care a bit as she could feel the thing inside the house.

“This place is quiet, the air is fresh, birds are happy and the sun is wary. It reminds me of my childhood so I feel a bit bad about causing a lot of damage.” She glared behind, her red drill-like hair dancing with the wind.

“If you came out quietly, I promise to keep you in a nice jar, and feed you twice a week.”

CRACK! A bone spike penetrated the door aiming at her eyes, his speed was unbelievable. PING! It hit a crystal clear barrier that surrounded Lilia pushing her away.

As shock waves surround her from the sheer speed, Lilia smiled. “It always makes me laugh, why do you resist when you clearly can’t win?” She burst laughing as she stopped. It didn’t matter how much power or speed the thing’s attack held, she just stopped in place, causing the bone pushing her to snap.

When a single shard of the bone smashed into an old windmill, it splattered the whole building as if it was made of sand.

From the house’s shadow, a fleshy humanoid creature walked out. He looked like a skinned man with bones extending from his whole body. Blood dripped across his whole figure.

“Mana! You’re uglier than cow shit. A gore devil, haven’t seen you lot in a while.” She glared at him with a serious face. She then slowly turned around, found some cow shit, and approached it, “Sorry for that, you aren’t as ugly as that thing.” She burst to laugh again.

The devil stood there confused, he can sense nothing from her. No blood lust, no magic, no presence, and not even life. As if she wasn’t there in the first place.

But, she stopped his attack, she can’t be a normal person. She seemed a bit stupid, laughing like this in the middle of a fight. Her guard was down, and her magic should have at least weakened after his last attack.

‘Another sharp attack, a thin bone needle, as fast as I could, as powerful as I could. Aim toward the heart, don’t go for a headshot. A mortal wound is enough for me to run away.’ Without moving a muscle, or even showing any signs, he launched another attack at her.

PING! The attack bounced right off her barrier with a sharp noise and dug a trench on the ground as it devastated a large chunk of the village.

Lilia started laughing loudly, to the point she was rolling on the ground holding her stomach. “How long have you lived, decades, centuries, don’t you know that Mana has less resistance to compressing than everything else?”

“Are you insane? Stop laughing it’s getting on my nerves.” The devil growled, having his attack deflect was enough for him.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Of course, I don’t care about your nerves, you wouldn’t be standing there if they weren’t rotten. Let me show you a trick, a fun little game.” Her body started floating like a dandelion seed, spinning sideways. Her eyes left a blue trail behind them.

“Mana can be condensed to be harder than your head, all I need to set it at an angle and it will deflect most known attacks.” She was giggling, barely able to speak straight.

The devil didn’t wait and started throwing attacks at her one after the other. Each one simply bounced off the hard barrier around her. “Die!”

She gently lifted her hand, and the entire plant life in the village withered. Even the dirt seemed to turn pale.

“Everything has magic, from dust to living meat. But those things are stupid, they don’t have the will to command what is in them. A simple whisper from me and their Mana will come crawling up.” She created a bright blue ball in her hand, the devil could feel how much power was condensed in there.