Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter ﻿467 Who's going to Hell?

"Hell is too dangerous to train in for us, except you." Farryn glared at Cain. It was a ridiculous idea from the start.

"Sinners and devils in hell will revive in a short while after being killed, this makes them an infinite Exp source," Cain said glaring back at her.

"But they will still remember you, learn how you fight, and slowly adapt. It will just get harder with time." Farryn stood and approached Cain. She came here to protect him, not to let him throw himself into the pits of Hell.

"That's right, difficulty slowly increases so it is also a good way to train skills. You only proved me more right." Cain said with a smile, only to irritate her more.

A vein popped on Farryn's head, she was about to burst at him but she kept her calm with a hair thread.

"You have a devil familiar, are you okay killing other devils and giving him a bad reputation there? He will just suffer when not summoned." She made a point but Cain smiled again and nodded energetically.

"Devils in hell rise in power by killing sinners and in rank by killing other devils. We're helping him gain more power and respect by beating the living hell out of other hell residents with him."

Enraged but unable to argue further, Farryn dropped herself on a chair and glared at Cain and then the girls, "What If one of them died? She will be forever stuck there."

"I'm a devil so it's not a problem." Alice spread her wings and Ellie, sitting at the side, leaped like a scared cat.

"I don't think that I will have a problem as well, I'm half a succubus and we originated from there. Right?" Gracie looked at Cain tilting her head. He nodded.

"With the purgatory shard, I doubt Hell will be a problem for me," Sofia added with a smile, her eyes glowing green.

"Neither me, I'm a dragon after all. In fact, I'm excited to take a look there." Zaleria said with a smile.

"The forest around my house is named Selena's forest now, I wanted to give it to Cain-nya." Selena butted in, "We can hunt to our heart's content-nya!" Her eyes sparkled and her tail swung around like a fan.

Cain took a few seconds to process what she just said, "I thought the owner of any beast land forest must be a beast demi-human. I can't take ownership so you better keep it, anyway it doesn't matter if I own it or you, just like with Marina."

"So in short-nya?" She looked at Cain with a puzzled face, she could understand why she can't give him the forest.

"Keep the forest under your name, will go hunt after we get back from Hell. Would you go?" Cain looked at her.

"Of course-nya!" Selena replied with a big smile.

"Careful, Hell is dangerous for a demi-human. Think it over again." Farryn cut them.

"She is a Rakshasa," Cain said from the back.

"What?" Farryn's head cracked turning toward him. Rakshasa are demi-humans who migrated to hell thousands of years ago, she should be able to hold her own there.

"Hati should be good with her shard, and I think going to hell is going to help Isbert get stronger as it's the same place Silver is in," Cain added.

"I give up, do what you want. Just don't die or get them trapped there." Farryn looked down in exhaustion.

"Marina you keep an eye on Ourals with father's help, I think he will be staying here as angels don't like being in hell and he can't leave Ariel alone."

"Of course, you can count on me. Next time I would have trained enough to accompany you." Marina smiled and pumped her chest up.

"Amaya, you keep Furberg safe. Make sure the barrier doesn't fall before we come back. It will also be good to inform William about any big thing beforehand."

"I will do my best." Amaya bowed slightly.

"Hey, how could you do that?" Ellie whispered to Amaya.

"With the undead army, didn't Cain tell you?" She looked at her.

"No he didn't, what is going on?"

"Alice is a devil as you just saw, Headmaid Gracie is a succubus, and I'm a zombie. Master is...I don't think he is human. Lady Sofia is a dragon now as well." Amaya explained what she knew as quickly as she could.

"Both Ellie and Mary will go with us, they have the potential to survive there and it will help their growth explode," Cain said with a smile.

"Me?" Ellie stared at Cain.

"Yeah, you're a vampire after all. You can manage." He smiled.

"But what about Mary?" Ellie asked with a worried face. She knew her condition but wasn't sure about Mary who seemed to be just a bit better than Marina.

"She is right, I can barely fight a dog!" Mary said with a sad face.

"She's right. Even if she managed to drag you and Alice out of hell and survive there for an hour, which must have been extremely lucky." Farryn added.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"Nah, she can manage. You can do it, RIGHT?" Cain glared at Mary, there were some suspicions in his head and she was going no matter what. He was almost certain she was faking her stats, the magic around her just seemed off.

'I will slowly push her toward revealing what she is,' his first brain thought. 'There aren't that many people who can fake their skill, it's probably her, the slippery shorty' the second brain added.

"As you wish, I will do my best, as long as you protect me." She replied with a smile. In her head, she was happy he gave her an excuse to stick along.

'This is definitely her, Sylph must have sent her. Would she snap if I smacked her in the face?' His first brain thought, 'No good, if Master was to snap, this city is gone in a flash' His second brain stopped him.

"Can I come as well?" Nemmoxon asked.

"I was thinking you could protect the capital," Cain replied.

"Not with my level of strength, there is another one better for the job and is staying anyway." Nemmoxon then proceeded to tell Cain about the blue dragon maid that appeared in the capital. She seems to have taken a liking to Chad and staying in the capital.

"Finally! I was wondering when he will start attracting them." Cain giggled. "Honestly I was expecting father to already have over twenty women swarming around him."

"From what I heard from Ariel, she is the one keeping them away. She also seemed extremely picky and protective." Alice added. She remembers Ariel ranting about how many random women get attracted to Chad and that she had a lot of trouble kicking a barbarian woman away.

But this time it was different, the blue dragon maid seemed obedient (As long as Chad was stronger than her) and she also seemed to respect Ariel as well, calling her the first.

"Ariel is keeping them away? Probably he is doing much of the holding back, otherwise even Ariel won't be able to keep the father in place." Cain smiled.

"Same for you, a handful." Alice smiled as well.