Chapter ﻿468 Preparing for Hell

At the next, Cain got out of his room finally feeling energetic. Everyone was getting ready to go to Hell while he was to scout ahead with Spindle. Hell, it was a place that he liked because it was heaven for mages who needed to practice their spells.

Standing in front of the Hell Gate, Cain smiled, "This is going to be fun."

"And…and stressful, hell is always unpleasant to Spindle." Spindle said flapping his wings. One of the reasons he worked slowly sometimes was that he didn't want to get it done and return to hell.

"Stressful? Have some people you want to teach a lesson?" Cain asked looking at him.

"No…Nothing like that." Spindle looked to the side, "I just hide away…I'm just too unnoticeable."

"Unnoticeable? Isn't that a good thing in hell?" Cain was a bit confused. Spindle being a low-rank devil with little power above a goblin would find it better to stay hidden from the rest.

​ "Not always, sometimes you need to be known…" Spindle looked away again.

After thinking about it for a moment, Cain's two brains clicked. The only reasons hell residents would want to socialize are to survive and to mate. 'It's a woman!' the first brain exclaimed, 'probably too weak to be able to show off.'

"Want me to help…get to her that is?" Cain said with a teasing smile, "I'm a bit of an expert you know."

Spindle leaped away and stared at Cain with a confused face, "No…No…Who's her? Spindle doesn't know any Malta."

"So her name is Malta. Come on, tell me more."

After a few minutes of convincing, Spindle finally spilled the beans. Apparently, after Tiamat's death, the first circle of hell remained leaderless with nomad tribes of devils and sinners living freely. Life was pleasant by hell's standards.

But that didn't last, a few weeks ago, a black-haired woman appeared and is trying to take over the first circle. Spindle didn't personally see her, and the devils he hear talking about her didn't mention a name, just that she is high-rank tier.

As not everyone liked her rule and the fact she kept feeding on devils and sinners alike. A resistance formed of devils who want to reclaim the relative peace.

Devils and sinners who approved the woman's dominance are calling the resistance terrorists and trying to kill them at sight. While the resistance sees themselves as liberators.

Malta was the leader of the liberators and a middle-rank trident devil. She was leading them all around the first layer avoiding the woman's constant attacks and ambushes. As a leader, without her, the liberators would have been captured a long while ago.

As they were running most of the time and rarely staying one place to fight. They used scouts a lot to discover the attacks before they could happen, but that woman was too strong and as well did her servants. Most scouts never returned and so Spindle didn't want to go, since if he was captured, he could say farewell to ever being with Malta.

"Terrorists, in hell? Please stop joking. When does terrorist exist in a bloody war-torn wasteland of suffering?" Cain was surprised to hear such a term associated with hell.

"The first layer…Spindle said it became relatively safe to the other layers. After Tiamat died, it became easier to survive by foraging for soul worms." Spindle said with a happy face.

Soul worms are the souls of the weak sinner who just spawned in the first layer of hell. They take the shape of fat and juicy larva which is considered a delicacy to devils. Of course, sinners won't eat their own so they hunt and eat devils instead. Devil eating weak sinners and sinners eating weak devils. This is why Cain called it a bloody war.

Tiamat was a tyrant ruler who devoured most resources and ate both devils and sinners. Her action caused constant starvation and made the fighting between devils and sinners get even more brutal. Her disappearance was a blessing that both devils and sinners appreciated.

"I will find a way to deal with that, we first might need to approach Malta first. Strike a deal and then do the same with the sinners. Lastly, we gather forces to face that woman and make sure to stand out like the strongest devil in existence." Cain thought about it loudly.

"Spindle is weak, I can't fight in hell." He said looking said.

"Didn't I say I will turn you into a pit fiend? I will make sure you can live comfortably in even the third circle of hell." Cain patted him on the head as they walked across the blood-red Gate of Hell.

"Gua! It stinks to high hell." [Enchanting: Vanilla] Cain almost vomited from the smell of rotten corpses and acidic fumes. [Sylph's tiny hut] [Enchanting]

"Disgusting, disgusting home. Always bad to be back." Spindle stared down the rocky hill they were on top of.

Cain looked down, the first layer of hell never changes.

A wide open rocky and deserted plan with dead wood-like vegetation, polls of acid, and dripping lava from the high peaks. Yet, that thing was still standing in the distance like no one's business. Yggdrasil the world tree was blossoming green in a layer like it was nothing.

This was one of the major reason's the dragons wanted to get hold of Yggdrasil and its seed (Which is now known as the world tree shard and is in Sylph's possession) This tree exists in every realm of existence, its roots have spread from the heavens to the deepest darkest cracks of the abyss.

With that, the tree can be used as a means of ultra-dimension (Large quantity of people or objects in a single hop) travel at an extreme speed.

But the only two people who can activate that are the elvish god, Corellon Larethian, and the world tree Herald (Aka, Sylph who has the shard)

With this kind of power, the dragons can instantly move all of their armies to the core of heaven to face the gods they wish to kill.

"Hell never changes, and neither does that tree," Cain said with a bitter smile.

"We can't approach it, we only gaze upon its radiance on the horizon." Spindle growled, "Salvation dangling before our eyes yet unreachable, just to make it worse for us."

Cain turned around, he could see a few tents in the distance, probably tribes. There was also some fighting in the distance and some hell monsters roaming the land. This was a place of loss and no profit unless you're looking for Exp.

"This place seems fine, I will calibrate some spells here for the time being. Tell me when someone approaches us." Cain sat on the ground and started preparing some defensive spells for the girls. Simply chaining [Sylph's tiny hut] with [Enchanting] and [Enchanting: Scent clearance] to make them a bit more tolerable of the place.

He also made sure to link all the spells together and put a tracker on Mary's spell.

"Spindle, someone is approaching us." Cain sensed some lower-rank devils approaching.

"Don't worry master, they are from the scout team. I called them to help me keep watch." Spindle replied with an excited voice. Unlike him, the imps who came got terrified seeing Cain in hell.

They knew how much of a monster he was, 'This is going to be a blood bath, not a blood rain'Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com