Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter ﻿483 Implanting a ranking II

Cain watched the girls stand in silence, they had to think about it really hard.

After a few moments of looking at each other, they finally looked at Cain. "How about we leave such choices to you? It wouldn't make sense for us to choose." Mary said with a smile.

"Fine then, do what you want. But keep in mind that all of you are equal to me. This is just for the purpose of making management easier when I'm not around." Cain sighed and the girls smiled.

Knock! Knock! "Cain, Jella is ready," Farryn called from behind the door. "I will be with you soon, just give me some time."

Cain stood up from the bed and Gracie sat to help him wear a decent set of clothes. The girls excused themselves, they were still in the middle of a mission and there was no time to play around after all.

As they walked out chatting about what they should do next, like having three at once each night or cooking something for Cain. Sofia suggested the soul worms but the rest objected.

"But I'm the first, can't try cooking it once?" Sofia pouted, "I know they look gross but the taste is amazing."

"No way." Alice waved her hands.

"I hate bugs, but I can give them a try if you want-nya," Selena said with a worried face.

"No thanks, I don't think I can handle them." Mary also refused.

Then, they saw Zaleria approaching them with steady steps, "Cain accepted your proposal?" She asked.

All the girls looked a bit surprised except Sofia, "So you were listening after all." Sofia made a pained smile. From the start, Zaleria's senses were out of the chart.

"I can hear everything that happens in this closed space clearly. I didn't expect him to accept such a proposal." Zaleria glared at them.

"He did ask us a few questions though." Mary thought about it.

"Those questions were weird, what did he mean? Even if it's but a temporary thing, what is the point of it? You could have just given leadership to one of you." Zaleria looked at them.

"Like who? We have given Sofia the leadership since she was the first." Mary said with a smile.

"That's the problem, Alice is a better candidate with her high wisdom. Focusing on the order will just cause problems down the line." Zaleria pointed at Alice.

"Sofia might be my granddaughter but even I can see that Alice is a more sensible choice. I feel that Cain would have the same mindset, why did he accept Sofia as the leader?" Zaleria was on to something, she could feel a faint tingling under her teeth. Her back is itching and her heart rate has increased.

'Something is off, I can feel it.' She thought, her instincts were telling her something was off.

"We believe he made a sensible choice, this decision is based on something we can't fight to take from each other," Mary said with a smile.

"That makes no sense to me, I'm going to talk to him." Zaleria walked past them and Mary looked back at her.

…

As soon as Zaleria approached Cain's room, she saw him walk out with Gracie. "Cain, do you have a moment?" She called him over.

"What is it? Did something happen?" Cain asked looking at her.

"Jella is should be ready, can we head downstairs?" Zaleria said with a smile.

"Farryn already told me, I'm going there right now." Cain walked toward her. "Is that so?" Zaleria looked puzzled remembering that she was the one to send Farryn to him.

"Let's hurry, Jella is getting a bit restless," Mary called them.

"CARE TO SH…sorry, I seem to be exhausted a bit." Zaleria immediately shouted at Mary upon hearing her voice and then sat down.

"What is it?" Cain bent and looked at her, it was rare that you see a red dragon sweat like that.

"Are you by any chance about to enter the wyrm stage officially?" Cain asked. "If that was the case, it would be best to prepare a room for you to hibernate in."

"I don't know, but even if that was the case, I don't want to spend a century sleeping right now," Zaleria replied with a sore face. This was to dragons, like the monthly cycle for women. It's something that has to pass at some point.

"Don't worry. Hibernation is just the dragon slowly absorbing mana to evolve. We can speed it up by supplying you with Mana and healing magic." Cain replied with a smile.

"Is she okay?" Mary asked with a worried face.

"Y…yeah I'm fine, just need some rest for now." The moment Zaleria stared at Mary's face, her blood started to boil, her instincts were telling her to grab Cain and run away as fast as she could.

"Go take a nap. If it isn't evolving, you probably absorbed some cursed mana from hell. By barrier could have temporarily shut down when you launched your breath at the devil village." With how ridiculous the dragon's magic is, it was possible that she overpower Cain's spell for a short moment.

Gracie then guided Zaleria to an empty room where she could take a nap.

Gracie quickly prepared the bed and asked her to get in, "Just rest for a while. I will prepare you some herbal tea."

"Thank you,"

As Gracie looked at Zaleria, she saw a message of flames written in the air.

[I might be going crazy, but keep an eye on Mary]

Since it was clear that Zaleria was avoiding speech. Gracie nodded in agreement.

"See you later." Gracie bowed and left the room. Thinking about Zaleria's request, she remembered how they at first had problems trusting Mary.

But she was their friend, one of the wives and they lived for a while together. Could they really suspect her of doing something bad?

Gracie finally reached a conclusion. She didn't care if they lived together or not, the only attachment she has is toward Cain. Mary or Zaleria, it didn't matter who was in the wrong to her. She will kill them without hesitation.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Gracie walked in when Cain was talking with Jella.

"How is she doing?" Mary asked.

"Resting," Gracie replied with a passive face.

"Did she say anything to you?"

"No," Gracie replied with an empty face. She then walked past Mary and approached Cain, "Do you know where the herbs are?" She asked.

Cain turned toward Gracie. "Of course, Mary is keeping them. Ask her in which bag they are." He replied.

"Come on, you could have asked me." Mary patted her back.

"The herbs in the bag, smell off. Wanted new ones." Gracie said looking at Cain and completely ignoring Mary.

…Cain looked at Gracie…she was acting the same way before she evolved. Her entire mind is closed, an emotionless doll is the feeling he was getting from her.

'Why did she start doing that? Defensive mechanism? Did someone hurt her…Zaleria…No, that can't be the case.' Cain started thinking hard about it.

'Mary is the reason.' His second brain suggested, 'That's true, Zaleria yelled at her, and now Gracie is keeping her mind closed, we already know she is faking her stats.'

'Those two might have figured something, I need to be careful' Cain thought as he turned toward Jella.

"We will get back to Furberg, we can resupply of fresh herbs there. For now, bring me the available ones." Cain said standing up.