Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter ﻿484 Tears of Steel I

After giving the herbs a good look, Cain gave them to Gracie. Just boil them well and they should be fine.

She took the herbs from his hand in silence.

"Where I was talking, yeah. Getting you out of this hell hole." Cain turned back toward Jella.

"You can't resurrect me, right?" She stared at him.

"Of course, I can't, resurrection magic is limited by the condition of the soul of the target. You have already been bound to hell as a sinner, resurrecting you is impossible." Cain started explaining.

"What are my options?"

"The first one is to use your evolution paths. I can take you to the mortal world if you were an ice devil or an elemental through summoning." Cain signaled to Alice to approach them.

"This is a devil, made of flesh and bones. You can expect a body similar to the one you had before. You will shift to using cursed mana so your magic will be curse based. But there are two downsides, your cursed magic will attract a lot of unwanted attention and you will have to be my slave to stay in the mortal world permanently."

"I might look like this but I'm completely under his command. But he leaves me free almost always." Alice said with a smile.

"I see. I don't want to end up in your bed like her so the elemental option." Jella flat-out refused.

"As an elemental, your body will be made from cold magic. That will result in losing most of your senses." As Cain was speaking, Jella cut him out.

"Most?"

"You will only be able to see the difference in temperature and hear normally. You will also be confined to the cold regions of the mortal world and you still need to be summoned by me."

"Both are bad, don't you have another option?"

"I can turn you into a lich like your mother, but you will be a sentient walking corpse."

Jella thought about it well, "Those are all?"

"For right now, this is the best I can do to get you out of hell."FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"No one where I won't be controlled by you?"

"None, someone needs to keep being out of hell in check. If we don't do that, you will just get pulled back here." He explained.

Jella stayed silent for a while, weighing her options. "I will be a devil…" She sighed.

"You sure?"

"Don't make me regret it, hurry and get me out." She said with a slight increase in her voice.

"You must evolve first. There are plenty of rooms here, just lay in a bed and evolve. Doubt it will take that long here in hell."

Hearing his words, Jella stood up and turned around to go chose a room for herself.

"You can use Cain's bedroom if you wanted," Alice said with a smile.

"Hell no!" Jella turned toward her with an intense glare.

"We're in hell so yes." Alice gave her a thumbs up.

"Stop messing with me…" Jella stormed out.

"Did you have to do that?" Cain asked.

"Just teasing her a bit…"

Cain stood up, scratching his head. It was time to deal with Mary, or at least make a plan to find what she is.

Anything he does needs to be in secret as he doesn't know what can she do or what is her purpose. 'Taking the aggressive way might be best.' His first brain thought. 'But will the girls accept it?'

'That's up to them, it's a risk I must take.' The first brain thought, 'She might be able to listen to our Message talk so we can't use that after all.'

Cain looked around.

"Hati, Farryn, Alice come to my room tonight, Sofia brings Zaleria with you as well," Cain said and everyone stared at him surprised.

"Cain?" She stared at him. "You sure?" Alice added with a puzzled face.

"Have an objection?" He glared at them.

"N…no…" Sofia said with a sad face.

"I know I should be happy…but are you really sure about that? Not like this, I mean." Even Hati got confused.

"Yeah, I'm sure." Cain glared at her and she waved her hand, she wasn't going to waste the opportunity.

"I don't want to but… I guess I should do it. I'm your slave after all." Farryn agreed as quick as Cain thought, she was smart enough to smell it.

"Can I attend as well?" Mary asked with a smile.

"Sorry but, I do want to be rough a bit. Ellie and you won't be able to handle it. I will give you a go tomorrow, okay?" Cain asked her gently.

"Fine, but don't forget." Mary agreed with a smile.

…

A while later, the girls gathered in Cain's room. They were all waiting for him to come. Only Sofia sat there with a darkened face as if she lost something important.

Alice patted her back "Don't worry, trust me it's better like this."

Cain entered the room and closed the door. "Now to cancel the noise, don't want to disturb the other, especially Jella," Cain said out loud.

As he cast [Soundless], he sneaked a couple of layers of [Sylph's Private Sanctum] and [Sylph's tiny hut]. He then finished it with a touch of illusion [Hallucinatory Terrain] to make anyone who tries to listen or see behind the barrier see him going on it with the girls.

After he finished, he turned toward the girls.

"So, what did you want to talk about?" Farryn said with a passive face. "Guess you felt as well…" Zaleria sat on the bed looking at Cain.

"(You sure we can't be heard here?)" Even Skoll joined in.

…Sofia and Hati's minds blanked for a second…'What are they talking about?' they both thought at the same time.

"So something was up? Wouldn't have minded even if you were serious." Alice smiled.

"Of please, Sofia will lose her mind if that was the case." Cain laughed.

"Hold up, care to explain!" Both Sofia and Hati were confused to the point they acted in sync.

"Are you two stupid? Hope she is, but he just wanted to get some private time for us to talk." Farryn glared at Sofia and Hati.

"I won't lie, I wouldn't mind doing it after we're done talking." Zaleria poked Sofia with a smile.

"Grandma!" She cried.

Cain clapped his hands. "Listen to me, there is an important problem that we need to address. And It's called Mary."

Alice and Hati looked at him in surprise, "What did Mary do?" Sofia said. "She didn't go overboard with anything right?" Hati was worried she did something while trying to help her get with Cain.

Zaleria growled, "I keep getting this weird feeling from her, she's dangerous."

"I know, she is faking her stats. But I can't see the real ones." Cain declared, telling them what he knew.

"So this is what you wanted to talk about. Faking stats isn't easy, she must be skilled." Farryn said.

"Have any suggestions?" Cain looked at her.

"None that you would accept."

"Like what?"

"Calling Lilia, I bet she can get to the bottom of it in the blink of an eye."

"Yeah, I won't accept that. Lilia is skilled but involving her is a bigger problem."

Zaleria stood, "To the point, do you think we can beat her to talk?"

"No…" Cain replied with an exhausted face.