Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter ﻿487 Tears of Steel IV

Zaleria stared up at the massive dragon, it was far bigger than the last time they met. How could a dragon grow so much in a short while?

"Morena shadowed, first met 979 years ago, killed 49 times in total and this will be the fifty. Variable, Dispater's staff." Mary said looking down at the confused Morena.

​ "What nonsense are spitting, give up if you know the staff," Morena growled.

"Dispater, lord of the second layer of hell, Dis. He's an arch-devil with the natural ability to turn people into iron. And thus, he created his staff that cause iron to rust. A deadly combo indeed, and I can understand why you think such a thing will hurt us steels." Mary lifted her right claw up.

"Then…" Morena was about to speak.

Suddenly, Mary disappeared from Morena's sight. No, she didn't disappear, she shrunk to just a bit larger than a human while in her draconic form.

Running like a feline at a blinding speed. All the power stored in her steel muscles started bursting like springs.

CRACK! Mary tore one of Morena's legs before she could react.

"You're even faster, and I thought my growth in the last days was impressive. You monster, what were you doing!" Morena flew to the sky, Roar. She breathed a whole river of acid down. With the power of Dispater's staff, the acid could burn iron extremely well.

"Steel is mostly iron, but we can shift as we like." Mary flew right through the acid unharmed, "Have you heard of Stainless steel?"

Mary swing her claw and it grew big enough to catch Morena by the neck.

Morena roared, clawing with her hind feet on the now full-sized Mary.

CRACK! In the next moment, Mary snapped Morena's neck and disemboweled her.

"Dead as quickly as the last time I remember," Mary said.

ROAR! Morena was resurrected from the ground and flew up directly, this was hell, and she can come back as much as she want.

"This time I won't stay dead!" As Morena growled, BAN! Something hit her in the head with a fiery explosion.

"You!" She growled seeing Sofia fly up to Mary.

"Mary, can you hear me?" Sofia yelled.

"Our conversation won't matter, get back to Cain or you will die," Mary said.

"Did turning into dragon rust your brain? Why didn't you tell us before?" Sofia growled.

"We had this conversation countless times by now, and the answer will never change. I never hide anything from you, it's just that you never managed to stay alive with the knowledge long enough!" Mary said as she blocked Morena's punch with her wings.

"Gray! Come help me here!" Morena yelled.

After a second, Gray came rushing in, and almost immediately, punched Morena in the face as hard as he could sending her to the ground.

As she coughed blood at the sudden attack, she glared at her son Gray looking down at her with a blank face.

"You, why…" She growled.

"Why? Of course, I would hit you, when did you get hold of my body? No, with this result, I suspect you got some of my sperm and mixed it with a devil and your own blood to create this flesh golem." Gary said with an ominous voice.

"To think he was strong enough to give Zaleria and Farryn a run for their money." The abominable chimera floated slowly toward her.

"What did you do to him?" Morena growled.

"You created a copy of myself, of course, I would retrieve it. My genes must have turned him into a part of me, all I needed was to connect his mind to me." As Chimera spoke, Gray flew toward its head.

With a tearing noise, a mouth opened and swallowed Gray whole.

[Integration finished. The third brain is functional. And the fourth heart was added and is functional as well. Devil traits and black dragon traits are being processed, and sleep is required to activate them.]

Morena stared at him in shock, after all, Gray was still her son. And now, he has been eaten whole by that monster.

GRWAAAA! Morena released a painful screech, leaping immediately at Cain. BAM! Mary flew in and killed her immediately with a claw swing.

GRWAAAA! As her corpse fell to the ground, she rose and charged again. And again, each time with more anger and ferocity.

"She is getting tougher!" Mary said realizing that each time Morena rose back from the dead, she was getting a bit hard to kill.

Cain looked down, Selena, Farryn, Isbert, and Jella are ripping through the Abishai ranks but they will soon get exhausted.

"Run for the gate!" Cain screamed. 'They are busy, can't we do something about that?' Gray's brain thought. 'Right, we can teleport them.' The first brain added, 'No fair, why only he has a name?'

Cain's thoughts got muddled for a second, he must find some time to adjust to the additional brain as quickly as possible.

"Everyone, please do relax." Cain unleashed his tentacles grabbing everyone beside Mary who was too big and Sofia who was up with her. He then throws them into the Hell Gate while fending the Abishai with [Telekinesis] and [Lightning bolt]

As everyone got sent to the other side, Cain called Mary and Sofia to rush in as well.

"You two, hurry up and I will lock the gate!" He yelled.

"Just let me a solid hit in!" Sofia said as she transformed into her draconic form. It was then that the Abishai froze in place, staring at her figure, they couldn't miss her.

Sofia opened her mouth, charging a ridiculed amount of mana in her core. GRRRCGGGRGRG! Cain could hear a strange rumbling coming from her body as her magic reached a scary level.

"You're going to use that?" Mary panicked, "Cain get away, fast!"

Cain shifted back to his human form and so did Mary, only leaving her steel wings.

As they stood by the gate watching Sofia for that second as Morena charged. They could feel genuinely glad she wasn't pointing that thing at them.

ROAR! As she unleashed her breath, no stream of fire came.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"Our queen, we're sorry!" The Abishai cried regretting doubting her, she has the purgatory mark. It was clearly her, the real deal.

Only a small glowing dot flew toward the distance holding an immense amount of Mana. [Hellish Detonation]

The signature, ninth-tier spell of Tiamat.

In blinding light, a ball of unbelievably hot flames appeared burning everything to ash. Then followed by a powerful shock wave and a mushroom cloud of hell dust that got lifted to the sky.

As the impact approached, Cain used [Telekinesis] to force both Mary and Sofia out.

As they landed on the other side, Cain stood up and lifted his hands.

As he sealed the door, he could feel Morena still banging on the other side. 'She survived that?' the first brain thought, 'Mother isn't that tough, she must have died and resurrected.' Gray added, 'She will break the seal eventually' the third brain confirmed it.

Cain turned toward the girls with an exhausted smile, "Guess this thing won't last over a day, or two at most. We need to gather all the forces we need to kill her." He said.

"But she will keep coming back," Farryn said.

"I will just eat her, or more precisely fuse her into me if possible," Cain stated his plan briefly.