Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 490 Unchained

Cain opened his eyes, he was laying on Mary’s lap staring up at her face. She stared down at him and smiled.

“Already awake?” She asked.

“What was that?” He asked.

“You shouldn’t have touched my soul, what were you thinking?” She poked his head. “What did you do?”

“Ah, yeah, it seems to have worked. The link has been set. Were those your memories?” He asked.

“We steels live countless lives, each different than the other. But I was tasked with keeping you alive, to which I lived the life of Mary hundreds of times searching for your survival.” She replied.

“And from now on, that won’t be a problem. Even if you were to try and restart, I would keep my memories just like you…” Cain said standing up.

“From today on, no more restarts, no more trying to get things right.” He said.

“But at this rate…” She said

“There is no fun in knowing what is to come. I will deal with everything and I need you to support me, not guide me.”

“What do you intend to do?”

“First, deal with Morena, she is still trying to break the Hell Gate.” He said.

“We need to get ready and…”

“No, I, Sofia, Selena, and Alice would fight. The rest of you need to back up.”

Cain stood up and Mary stood as well. “How could we support you?” She asked with a smile.

“First, apologize to everyone else. And make me a sturdy staff with your steel. I’m going to abuse it a lot so make it as durable as you can.” He smiled.

“What about your sword?” Did Mary remember that, wasn’t he supposed to use that?

“Can I be honest with you?” Cain looked at her.

“I really don’t like the way you guided me until now. I understand that it was necessary and that you saved my life countless times. But, I will be doing things differently if I wanted to survive from now on.” Cain said with a smile.

“How differently? I would need to restart eventually, no matter what.” She replied with a sad face.

“I was trying to perfect everything, magic, master some sword skill, build a family and have a stable income. All of this while I was chasing the hard dream of stopping the chromatic dragons from killing the gods and ruling the world as they see fit.” He started speaking.

“That’s why I was here to help you succeed.” She said with a serious face.

“So, for the sake of winning. I need to compromise on some things. Sword skills, I will leave that to father and Selena. Get a stable income, Marina is already doing that, I swear she deserves more love for how hard she works.” Cain laughed.

“Then what will you do? Give up and live peacefully?” She stared at him.

“If magic couldn’t fix it, you’re using it wrong. Those were Lilia’s favorite words, she taught me most of my knowledge about magic. So I decided, I will focus on magic just like her. Fight fire with fire.”

“So intent on focusing only on magic? Wouldn’t that lead you on the same path?”

“No, this time I have way more help. Starting with you.” Cain pointed at her, “I must apologize to Dolrig but from now on you’re my blacksmith. After you finish the staff, make equipment for all the girls and make sure they could store magic.”

Mary clenched her hands together, and a long, shiny steel rod with a large tip emerged. After inspecting the staff for a moment, she handed it to Cain.

“How does this feel?”

“Nice and light, magic flew through it nicely and the output is magnified a bit. The durability is on another level, I bet it could handle quite a bit of abuse.” He said with a smile.

“Don’t use too much ninth-tier magic at once.” She warned him. Cain smiled and then he immediately disappeared [Teleport]

…In the capital, King Baltos was trying to figure out how to deal with the orc village. They no longer seem to be a threat, so he thought of supporting them as a community.

“Can you help me get the papers done?” The woman sitting beside him asked.

“You’re the pope. Dealing with such things is your job.” Baltos replied.

“How could you say that? Do you know how hard it was to sniff all of Ironlake’s accomplices?” She replied with a pout.

“You’re the one who wanted to execute each one in a different way. I told you we should send them to the block.” Baltos stared at her.

“Ironlake was sentenced to death by hard labor. He would be worked to death in the iron mine he owned. His accomplices are going to get executed depending on the level of their crime.” She smiled as she listed to him the ways she was going to get them killed.

ZON! Cain suddenly appeared out of thin air, carrying a pure steel staff and wearing a grey robe dotted with runes.

“Nice robe…” The king mumbled.

“Thanks. Just bought it from the market. It was going for cheap.” Cain smiled giving the king a scare.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

There was something strange about Cain, he was acting weird. The way he stood, the way he talked, it was completely different.

“You seem a bit different than last time we met. Did the hell trip affect you? Is Isbert fine?” The pope asked glaring at him, she could smell a devil’s scent coming from him.

“Yeah, just got an extra brain that’s all. Isbert is fine but we have a big problem.” Cain said, putting on a serious face.

“What is it?”

“Remember the black dragon who caused the undead attack on Furberg?” Cain asked.

“Yeah, and you crushed them with a meteor,” Baltos replied.

“She seems to have been sent to hell after death and is about to attack again. And she is far stronger than before.” He said.

“How could that be, she was dead wasn’t she?”

“An unchained man, followed by a purgatory witch, a raging beast, and a merciful devil. When the gates of hell open, and the sun turns black. The unholy creations of the underworld are going to ravage the land. Those four you must lead, so the sun may shine again.” Cain said what he remembered from the early days after he reincarnated. “Those were the words of a goddess named Amaterasu. As I was focused on the disaster I knew, I failed to read between the lines.

“What?” The king couldn’t follow up.

“Right now, the steel chains holding me down have been broken. I have the purgatory witch, the raging beast, and the merciful devil at hand. The Literal gates of hell are going to open and the forces of the underworld will flow from them. The prophecy is now coming true.”

Cain banged his staff on the ground, “Baltos, king of the humans. I The enchanter Cain Lisworth urge you to rally up forces and rise to war.”

“What are you talking about? I can’t just get the army ready like this, how could I even get them to the battlefield, do we have a month?” The king stood up. It was clear that there was no time to prepare, Cain was basically asking to send soldiers to die.

“I will be fighting the black dragon, my wives are going to deal with the most powerful minions, and my father is going to support me. All I want your soldiers to do is protect the cities and towns since that is their job.”

“You didn’t solve the problem of getting them to the desired places.”

“I already did travel across the whole kingdom by spamming [Teleport] I have a portal set in every sizeable settlement. All of them are linked here to the capital. Use that to get them ready in less than two days.”

“Fine, but don’t expect too much. I do trust your strength but this seems ridiculous to me.” The king stood.

“I also want to take Sara and Noel with me, tell them to get ready.”

Hearing that, both the king and the first queen gave him a confused stare.