Chapter ﻿493 Second Squad in Hell I

"Hoho, exquisite, exquisite! That's a monster I haven't seen before. I only heard ancient beings talk about them." Lilia smiled as she watched the battle from the sky.

She switched her glare toward the Hell Gate, "More! There is more happening inside. Let's look at how they will take care of it."

Instead of using Cain's Hell Gate, she copied its frequency and forced a temporary one to open so she could see what was going on inside.

On the second layer of hell, Dis. The iron city of Dis.

Hordes of devils were going about their daily lives doing evil things. Until. A golden light fell from the cloudy dull green sky. All the devils who touched it got burned so they leaped away.

From that light, a majestic woman with a sunny figure descended. A pure gold and silver armor gleaming with divine light, golden hair was as bright as the sun, and golden eyes drippy with golden holiness.

She landed with a light thud, a gentle smile on her face that hid the terror about to happen. She started to float slowly…The devils glared at her bewildered.

Flap! Her wings extended. CLING! A golden blade appeared in her hand.

The devils turned away, tears in their eyes. "Run away, it's a fucking angel…" As their scream echoed, their bodies got a turn to shred.

"Here I can stretch my wings for last, for a fact, we get boosted here. But to us, this is like swimming in a sewer full of shit. I fell like vomiting…" Ariel made a disgusted face, she turned around and flicked her finger to open a golden portal.

From that portal, two bulky figures walked out. Chad and Kayden, "This is Dis? Where is the phyla thing Cain talked about?" Chad asked.

"Phylactery… should be up there with the lord of dis. His name is Dispater." Ariel replied.

"This place feels nice, maybe I should bring Lily next time," Kayden said and Ariel gave him a weird look.

"She would die…I know Chad is dripping with divine energy and couldn't care less about the cure miasma here but you…are you really fine?" She looked at Kayden.

"Cain was right, I'm a demon so I can survive both here and outside…this place is nice as I see a lot of pups…" Kayden slowly walked toward the iron fortress with Chad.

Thud! Thud! Thud! Three massive devils approached Ariel.

About sixteen feet tall, bulky red humanoid bodies covered with scales. A head that seems like a mix between a lion and a human. Massive wings and lizard-like feet. With massive steel maces in their hands. They looked down at Ariel who looked much shorter.

"The fuck your kind is doing here?" One of them growled.

"Doesn't matter, kill her!" The other added.

"I bet you taste better than those sinners…" The last one said.

Ariel looked at them with tired eyes. "Look who's talking? Big fat stinky devils, get away from my face. I don't want to be in this shit hole either."

"Careful with your words, we're pit fiends. The highest rank among devils…" One of the growled but Ariel cut him poking her ear.VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"Yeah, Yeah, and I'm a Solar. People know us as the strongest of angels but we're not, we only have one pair of wings…" She couldn't care less.

"Empty words, you solar are the epitome of angels and won't stand a chance against us!" The devils growled.

"Yeah, wait till you see Gabriel with a 140-pair of wings wide enough to cover the mortal world and enough might to erase this whole layer just by existing." Ariel tried to make a smile but the stench was far too much.

GRA! One of the fiends swung his mace at her, she disappeared in a golden light. CLANG! Her sword Clashed with the mace with a booming blast of radiant energy.

Sizzle! The golden sword cut right through the fiend's mace and arm, "Huh, if you can't beat me, forget about reaching Gabriel's toes."

As Ariel was slicing and dicing outside, Chad and Kayden reached the inside of the Iron fortress of dis and massacred the guards. Their goal was to find where Dispater was hiding Morena's core and retrieve it.

"So you reached me? What brought a human and a Mixed-blood to my throne?" Dispater was a humanoid archdevil (Upper-rank), 7 feet tall, and with sable skin as cold and hard as iron and coal-black hair. Glowing red eyes, small horns, and a pointy tail. A cloven left hoof and a human right foot.

Sitting on his throne topless, prideful with his hard skin and defense. He was wearing red pants decorated with iron spikes.

Standing beside him ten red-skinned female devils with short black horns and red long tails. "Get them!" Dispater ordered them to attack, an archdevil like him shouldn't be bothered with dealing with such annoyances.

The red devils split into two groups of five, one attacking Chad and the other attacking Kayden.

As one of them approached Chad swinging a sword. SLAP! Chad slapped her to the other side of the room, her body bounced on the ground like a rag doll before smacking into the iron wall breaking her neck. He glared at the other four, "Sit still, my business is with him!"

The other four sat immediately, they couldn't disobey Chad's orders. Something strange was going on with him. They were middle-rank devils and had a lot of power, so submitting to a human was just abnormal.

On Kayden's side, the five who attacked him got diced instantly upon approaching him. "Weak, weak, but mere crazed bitches. Come down here, Whippet!" He immediately leaped at Dispater.

Dispater stood and grabbed Kayden's sword with his bare hand, "Human's iron. Disgusting, full of junk! Mine is pure, infiltrated raw iron!"

Thud! Kayden pulled his sword away after encasing it with demonic energy.

Drip! A drop of blood drained from Dispater's hand. "I see, our blood in you is strong. Mixed blood you may be, but some of it is still devil blood."

Thud! Thud! Chad walked up to Dispater slowly, there was no need to rush. "Dispater, where is Morena's phylantroky?" Chad asked with a smile.

"Phylactery at least remember the name." Dispater glared at him, "You dare approach me human?"

"You dare stand in my way, Devil? There are only two devils I won't kill, and you're not one of them!" Chad clenched his fist.

"Then show me what you can do!" Dispater disappeared and appeared behind Chad swinging a fist.

Thud! Chad grabbed it, Sizzle! Chad's divine energy started colliding with Dispater's cursed magic.

"A paladin? Let's see you survive my curse." [Ironfication] a curse that turns anything Dispater touches into pure iron.

… "Huh?" Dispater gasped when nothing happened.

Chad pulled Dispater by the hand and punched him in the face [Divine Smite] [Divine Smite]

Slice! Kayden leaped in to cut his head but Dispater dodged and ended up only cutting his arm.

Now that he lost his right arm, Dispater stood in the shadow of the throne room corner and glared at them in disbelief. CLAGR! His arm regrew immediately and he spread his grey bat-like wings.

CLING! Dispater conjured an iron spear in his hand ready to fight seriously, those two are a problem.