Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter ﻿494 A demonic Dragon

Besides Furberg, Zaleria stood with Mary and Nemmoxon on top of the wall. "I smell troubles, she's close," Zaleria said with a smile.

"I know," Mary replied.

Behind them, Jella flew in. "Amaya says she is close, get ready for a fight."

"Can't you help us?" Nemmoxon asked with a worried face.

"Only Zaleria and Mary could stand a chance facing her. Well, stay in the back to support you with magic. If things got out of hand, Gracie and Hati will finish her off with a sneak attack." Jella explained.

Zaleria stared at Mary "All of this is because of you…you sure it's worth the trouble?"

"Yeah, we need to add her to the crew. Her strength will be unmatched in the future." Mary replied.

"I can't see that at all, heard our princess is pretty tough already," Zaleria said looking in the distance.

"All that strength is but a mere fragment of what she could achieve. She's a demon, after all, a draconic demon…" Mary stared at the forest, "She's here!" She yelled and everyone got ready.

From the forest shadow, a tall woman with a single horn on her head appeared. Four wings on her back and two tails on her lower back. Her hair glowed in a rainbow hue under the sun.

As she glared at them with multi-colored eyes, "This is the first place he's been sighted in, I smell that woman as well."

Mary leaped down to take the front.

"Stop right there Lola Draco, Can we talk this peacefully…" Mary tried her shot even knowing it was impossible.

"Who are you? You don't look like a silver dragon, I sense a more oppressive feeling from you." Lola replied with a smile.

"I'm a steel one. You won't be able to win this fight so stand down peacefully." Mary yelled.

"Fine, it's blood then." Lola spread her wings. Mary took a step back and unleashed her wings and tail.

BOP! Lola disappeared in a flash of lightning, appearing in front of Mary swinging a fiery fist.

Mary lifted a wall of steel to block the attack while getting ready to knock Lola down. They wanted to take her alive so she can't use a lot of power.

BANG! As Lola's fist touched the wall, it glowed with magnificent light. The entire flames of the punch got compressed under her palm and blew a hole in the steel wall.

From the hole, a splash of acid accompanied by a gust of toxic gas got released toward Mary.

Mary walked right through her wall as if it was nothing and punched Lola in the face. She then noticed her fist freezing as the dragon princess stood back up.

"I see, your father's blood runs strong in your veins," Mary said with a smile as her fist warmed up.

Lola started laughing, "And you, I know what you are. I can feel it from your steel. What happened to your father's blood? Why won't you use it?"

Mary made a sore face, "Unlike you chromatic, we don't kill our blood. If I were to use that, father won't dare to live."

"I see, unlike us, you don't kill competition. When a challenger appears, the old ones just hand them the throne…How stupid." Lola clenched her fist.

"Listen, Lola, your father kill any king seed. You're no exception, he just let you live…"

"Cause am an experiment. If it was possible to blend his blood with devils. Would I be stable?" Lola smiled swinging a kick at Mary, "Of course, I would, after I'm done with you, he's next."

Mary leaped away and glared, "If you know that, then let us work together and take him down."

"Trying to get me to kill my father? You're a bad influence you know?" Lola opened her mouth and breathed a blast of flames at Mary.

BAM! Zaleria leaped in and deflected the breath with a punch.

"You're contradicting yourself!" Zaleria yelled.

"She's like Kayden, all demons are insane in some way, and she is unstable to a degree." Mary stood beside Zaleria.

"What? Kayden sees people weaker than him as dogs, what is her?" Zaleria asked.

"Her is domination, her sense of who should order who is messed up. In her mind, the dragon king is her rival to be killed and the one ordering her at the same time. And…" Crackle! Lola interrupted them with a lightning breath.

As Zaleria and Mary flew away, Mary said with a serious face. "She only understands the rule of violence, if we wanted to have a conversation with her, we need to have already proven that we can beat her." Mary took a deep breath, "It's a bit more complicated than that but all we need to do is beat her."

"Punch her until she cries and listens, nice, that's a language I like to talk with." Zaleria turned around to face the charging Lola.

"Hey princess, care to have a word with one of you citizens?" Zaleria smiled.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"Move away!" Lola opened her mouth unleashing a blast of cold magic.

ROAR! Zaleria opened her mouth, unleashing a terrifying fire breath that eclipse the princess's small breath.

Lola's body got flung away like a rag doll and shattered a few trees before resting on a boulder.

"Don't kill her! I'm holding here for a reason!" Mary grabbed Zaleria's shoulder.

"This won't kill a dragon, our little princess won't be hurt by it." Zaleria smiled.

"But you…"

"She's weak, her cold and fire and acid, it's weaker than Sofia by a lot," Zaleria growled.

"Don't approach her, the bulk of her power is in her curse magic!" Mary yelled.

Lola lifted her hand pointing at Zaleria. [Lock]

Lola stood laughing at the confused Zaleria, Her body got swollen and transformed into her draconic form.

A purple-scaled dragon with four wings, three tails, and six eyes. A single big horn emerges from her forehead and points to the back with multiple smaller ones.

"Didn't you just have two tails?" Zaleria asked with a surprised face.

"She's a demon, two are her draconic tails and the last one is the demon's tail. She was in a half-dragon form so the last tail didn't appear." Mary approached them with a worried face.

"What will you do now, did you say farewell to your draconic form?" Lola glared down at Zaleria.

"Her curse magic forbids polymorph, that's how she locked the Cubus into a succubus form. And the curse is permanent." Mary explained.

"That isn't possible, do you two understand how complicated polymorph is? There can't be a single curse to block it." Zaleria said.

"Cain might be…"

"No need, let me try something…" Zaleria said and Lola glared at her.

"Useless endeavor, I will swallow you whole." As Lola tried to bite Zaleria she couldn't do it, she was too big. She had actually managed to transform into her draconic form.

"It's simpler than I thought. It did indeed block my natural shapeshifting but I could still use magic to do it normally. I can see why the Cubus didn't manage to transform." Zaleria smiled in her draconic form glaring at Lola.

"Who are you?" Lola cried.

"Remember the woman who beat the shit out of your father? I'm her daughter." CRACK! Zaleria grabbed Lola by the neck and punched her head to the ground.