Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿498 Who to chose?

As the moonlight passed through the window, Cain fell on his bed exhausted. His entire body was screaming in pain as did his stomach.

There were several reasons for his pain, most of them only time can heal.

Starting with his stat increase, other than MP which was stored in the soul and he could handle the increase. HP and SP were a problem.

MP regeneration was the rate at which the body regenerates mana by absorbing it from the surrounding area. Having that massive jump almost Caused Cain's skin to start burning, but such a thing could be easily mitigated by his sheer skill and precise control.

As health was an indicator of how much damage the body take while still functioning. Its increase means that a fundamental change has happened across his whole body.

Small threads of magic fused into his muscles, bones, and organs reinforcing them from the inside. That would make it tougher to cut through his flesh, make him survive with more severe injuries, and function just as well.

Cain was suffering from pain similar to what athletes can suffer from after a rough training. Muscle ach mixed with pains in the bones and organs.

SP was an indicator of how much effort can he output before feeling exhausted. It was regulated by muscle and joint flexibility, how much oxygen the blood can transfer, and hormonal activity in the body.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Muscle and joint flexibility are closely tied to dexterity and can greatly influence stamina by making moving easier. Yet such a stat didn't change. The other factors changed.

His bones slightly expanded as liver tissue grew inside them, which will store sugar for energy and release it directly into the closest muscles. Also, the structure of his red blood cells also changed to accommodate the high oxygen needs.

The hormonal activities also changed dramatically with adrenaline being a corner composite in his blood. Cain could control the hormonal changes to an extent by using his multiple brains to make it possible.

Cain now had a total of four brains (Original two brains + Gray's brain + Morena's brain)

Five hearts (Human heart, young red dragon heart, aboleth heart, Gray's devil heart, and Morena's ancient black dragon heart)

Three Draconis fundamentum (Young red dragon, Gray's fundamentum, Morena's fundamentum)

One spirit stone (Sylph gifted him two but one broke)

He a few more organs he stole from Morena like her liver, lungs, and kidneys which he infused into his Chimera body on top of his own organs.

The space inside his humanoid body was quickly running out so his stomach felt as if it was about to burst. The brains in there were getting squashed.

That had meant one thing, it was getting harder and harder to look like a human when he is not. Sooner or later he would have to reveal his chimera body and use it daily.

But, that is why [Polymorph] existed, the magic to change shapes and forms.

Cain used that spell to make his body slowly morph, get a bit taller and wider, and make minor changes to his body to make it possible to fit all the organs inside him without the need for Mei's magic.

'I'm sure Mei will lose it if she came here, my Mana is far more rich and concentrated.' He thought.

"Cain, how do you feel?" Sofia opened the door and walked toward him.

"A bit better, just getting used to this body now. I'm accustomed to having a lot of MP but the rest is just painful or now." He replied looking at her.

Slowly, she sat beside him with a smile.

"Mary explained everything to us," Sofia said looking at the ceiling.

Cain thought about what to say for a moment, "And, what did you decide to do?"

"It was complicated, half agreed with her and the other didn't. Some said it was reasonable and others said she was bullshit." Sofia looked a bit sad.

"Grandma…I mean Zaleria. She hated Mary's manipulation and even said it would have been better without her. While Nemmoxon agreed with Mary and said that she was just." Sofia explained.

"That's a bit coming from a bronze dragon…"

"Hati said she will stand by Mary's side and Farryn said it wasn't her problem. Isbert said she will agree with the majority and Mei said that as long as she can stay close to you it's fine." Sofia kept explaining.

"What I want to know is your opinion, you five," Cain said.

Sofia looked at him and smiled. "I didn't like what she did, in fact, I wish to throw her out even though I know that's wrong…" Her face turned sad.

"Selena thought seriously this time and had an actual answer. She said that if Mary was protecting you then it's fine." She added.

"Alice had the most extreme reaction, I honestly was surprised." Sofia giggled.

"What did she do?" Cain asked with a curious gaze.

"She slapped her, and asked what she think she deserves and Mary replied with more. Alice then left her and said that's all she needed, Mary is with us." Sofia looked at Cain.

"What was she thinking?" Cain wondered.

"Like I know? Next, was Gracie who said two words, am watching." Sofia looked at the wall. "She was willing to forgive Mary but still keep her under surveillance.

"What about Marina?" Cain asked.

"She said she doesn't quite understand what Mary was talking about and that as long as you are fine with it, she is," Sofia replied.

Cain started thinking, he finished Morena's problem and now is stuck in a family problem. He hated dealing with those, they are nasty.

"So…want someone to accompany you at night? Multiple? We agree that everyone is allowed as long as you call them." Sofia said looking at Cain with a smile.

Cain thought about it really hard, will choosing now have an effect on the future? He couldn't know. Who could help him solve this domestic problem?

None of the girls could be of help, even the maids didn't see that expert in such things. And after thinking about it really hard, only two people flashed into his mind.

Melissa who managed hordes of Cubus and succubus or Mei who manage the pixies. Those two could give him advice but calling them to the bed was a bit strange.

Marina might have a just judgment if the situation was explained to her well. Alice was also quite wise.

Farryn might be of help but he sure it won't be fun calling her to bed, they will just fight.

To such a problem there was only one solution, mix it until it becomes clear. But such a thing carried a lot of risks. Those risks are the potential of causing more friction.

"At this rate, it might be better if I spent the night alone. Thought about it well and made a decision tomorrow." Cain sighed.

"That can't do, you've been keeping a distance from us lately. Your decision won't harm us." Sofia said with a serious face.

Cain stared at her and then smiled, "You're right…"

"Please trust us, it won't a problem no matter whom you chose," Sofia said.

"Bring everyone, we need to talk," Cain said.