Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

﻿500 Mary's road to trust II

Zaleria approached Mary with a serious face, "The one thing metallic hate is facing their own ideal. Each one of them has a thing, something they live by. For gold, it's order and law. For silver it's heroism. For bronze it's justice. For copper it's entertainment. For brass it's socialization. But for steel, that is freedom and revolution."

Mary glared at Zaleria, "So, what's your point?"

"Freedom and revolution, your kind always get dragged to fight against absolute authorities. Each of us has arrogance, and you ended up fighting fate itself. Doubt such a thing was for Cain, only fueling your own arrogance." Zaleria growled.

"That isn't true, and even if it was, aren't you the same?" Mary glared at her.

"I said it at the start, I stayed for these." Zaleria made her tattoos visible, "And I'm staying for more. We red are power and everyone knows it."

"Are you saying…"

"You two stop…" Cain sighed. "I understand each of your points. Zaleria, you're saying that even this could be one of Mary's lives, pretending to be the one we love. And you Mary are saying that you are doing this to save me." Cain glared at them.

"I can't have you two fight here. It will be a disaster." Cain sighed.

"Fine, she can stay, I don't mind. But…" Zaleria glared at Mary, "I'm keeping an eye on you, the moment I get a weird feeling again. I'm ripping your head off." Zaleria returned to her place.

Red dragons were known for power. And as strange as it may seem, the one Cain trust more here is none other than Zaleria. Her senses are out of the chart and she has a clear path. On top of that, she is determined.

"Hati, Skoll, anything to say?" Cain looked at them.

"Nothing, she's been supporting me for a while." Hati said, "(I do agree, we can trust her)" Skoll added. Those two didn't even move from their place, just gave their opinions quickly.

"Nemmoxon, your turn." Cain looked at her with a smile.

"I don't like it but I can understand her point, as long as she makes it up, she's fine in my opinion. Just consider that I'm but an adult bronze, getting a gold opinion on the matter might prove the best." Nemmoxon said looking at Mary with a smile.

"Sadly, there is no gold around here." Mary smiled back.

"Mei, you've been thinking for a while. Is something on your mind?" Cain asked.

"Ah…nothing important. Apparently, the scout I sent outside to gather resources and information has met some of Titania's soldiers. Can I get back for tonight?" Mei said with a worried face.

"Yeah, you should have spoken earlier. Go and tell me the details later, Titania might be up to something." Cain replied he need to get Titania on his list of (People I need to keep an eye on)

Mei quickly disappeared as she returned to the maze.

"Isbert, your turn."

"I have never been with her for a long time so my opinion won't matter. Consider me neutral." She waved her hand.

"And you Farryn? You might have a thing to say."

Farryn glared at Mary, she made a puzzled face, "You have her under a slave contract, what is more, to say? She is perfectly fine."

Farryn had a point, Mary should have no way to defy Cain.

After a few minutes of thinking, Cain relaxed. "Finally resolved. Sofia, Selena, Alice, Gracie, Mary, and Marina. You stay for tonight, the rest of you it's better to have a personal first time." Cain smiled.

"Fine, tomorrow…" Hati walked out, hoping that the next day she will get her long-awaited night.

…

Everyone left, Cain stared at the girls. "It's been a long time." He said looking at the fireplace behind them.

"It was, hectic days." Sofia took her shirt off.

"True-nya!" Selena followed her.

"Who should go first?" Alice asked Cain.

Cain thought about it for some time, was there a better way to do it?

"Let's start from Sofia, the usual order. Honestly, I can barely move, so you must do most of the work."

He was talking with them while lying on the bed the entire time. His muscles couldn't move even if he wanted.

Seeing him like that, Alice touched his chest with her hand. A glimmer of light emitted from her fingernails.

"Damaged a lot, you should rest. Doing it to amuse us isn't what we wish for."

"But I do want dinner," Gracie said from behind.VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Sofia turned toward her with a surprised face

"He's sick, we should let him rest."

Gracie looked at them, her face passive and droll dripping from her slightly pink lips. As a faint purple glitter adorned her eyes.

"He will get more energetic once we start."

Alice turned toward them, "I'm serious, he's recovering. And especially you Gracie, I don't know how your droll will affect him."

Alice knocked gently on Cain's chest, "There are two new hearts in here, don't put more strain on him."

Under the firelight, Selena dragged a planked and curled into a ball. "This place is amazing, let him rest-nya."

Marina walked toward her slowly, "Come here." She grabbed her by the shoulders and made her stand.

"Don't sleep on the ground, go to bed or use a couch." She dragged her along.

"What should we do?" Sofia asked Alice.

"Take all out clothes out and sleep in the bed with him. He needed care, he can use any of us. Otherwise, will do him more harm than good." Alice quickly stripped her clothes and leaped into the bed with Cain.

Sofia panicked, "My place!" She took her clothes out and leaped in as well, those two got both of Cain's side.

The remaining three rushed in and got their places.

"Are you comfortable?"

Alice asked even though she can tell with just a look at his face. "Don't know, you're suffocating me." He said. The five girls were covering him like a blanket.

…Later that night, Cain woke up to a strange feeling. Looking down, Gracie and Marina were using his lower half.

Gracie slowly sucked him off trying to get any drop out while Marina sucked his toes energetically.

"What's going to?" He asked and both of them froze in place, they glared up at him.

"This is…" Marina tried to think of an excuse, but she wasn't able to come up with any.

"I need food, she wanted to play," Gracie said as she kept sucking as if nothing happened.

"I saw nothing." Cain pretended to sleep again.

Marina fearfully glared at his face, gently poking his thighs. When he didn't respond, she slowly got back to licking his toes.

After a while, Cain finally reached a climax. He wrapped his leg around Gracie's head and pushed himself all the way down her throat. She as well didn't let go, gulping everything down as if her life depends on it, she was really hungry.

After he finished, he pulled Gracie up and went inside her. She was far wet than he expected and it slid right in. But as expected, moving was still a bit much for him so she started moving.

The night was just getting started.