Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

﻿502 Getting bigger

The next day quickly arrived, and Cain woke feeling better. Clenching his fist, his arm didn't hurt. Taking a deep breath, his chest didn't feel cramped. Patting his stomach, he didn't feel dizzy.

He touched his jewels, and they screamed in pain. He had to sit down for a moment.

"Ahhh!" He growled… 'What did happen last night?' he tried to recall the details.

Selena was leaping on top of him, Alice was sitting on his face…and he then…can remember nothing.

'You passed out, idiot!' Morena's voice rang in his head. 'Due to my blood, your whole nervous system had to restart after mother's integration' Gray said. 'All organs are working together nicely,' The first brain said, "Give me a name already! And a protective shell of cartilage has been from around the abdomen brains.' The second brain cried.

Cain's thoughts quickly get him updated, 'Shouldn't I've been warned?' the first brain thought. 'Not when you're busy with the girls' the second brain giggled.

Cain looked outside, it has just become dawn. He could sense the maids have just started moving on the lower floor.

Chirp, Chirp…Birds were chirping outside.

Cain stood up and walked toward the cabinet to grab some clothes…Surprisingly, most of them seemed small to him. He had grown taller and wider.

'I do resemble my father after all.' The first brain thought. 'He's the father after all.' The second brain added. 'I did resemble you.' Gray thought. 'Your old clean and lean self was better, all you need to ruin your look now is a beard.' Morena growled.

'Don't bad mouth my beard, I took pride in it.' The first brain thought.

'I know, I'm you, so I know. As you are me, and you know.' Morena replied.

Cain's biology has become more complicated. The first brain was his original one. The second brain was what he formed upon becoming a chimera, acting as a fail-safe for his memories and other biological processes. The Gray brain was Gray brain, and Morena was hers.

Morena's memories have given him a deeper insight into the dragon's plan. One that he never expected to be taking place. Their plan was more than just beating the elves, controlling Yggdrasil, and invading heaven to kill the gods.

Cain wore the cloth he found, his belly button remained visible.

Thud, thud. He walked out of the room taking a deep breath of the fresh air.

THUD! Jemima bumped into him as she was rushing through the hallway. "Who…" she was about to ask but then fell silent. Seeing Cain glare down at her was terrifying.

"Master…" She gasped.

Cain grabbed her hand and helped her up, "Did you get hurt?" He asked with a calm voice.

Jemima wasn't listening, she focused on his hand. It was far wider than her, his arms also looked thicker. As she glanced at him, she can see the muscles on his stomach resembling those of Zaleria.F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Cain stared at her, she didn't reply so he got worried. Even though her HP didn't drop, he should heal her just in case [Lesser Healing]

She felt a slight warmth creep up her bones, "Master…" she gasped.

"Say master one more time I'm going to wake you up with a splash of ice-cold water. Are you fine?" Cain hit her head with a chop! After the other. Chop! Chop! Chop!

"Aw! Aw! Aw!" She cried jumping back, "I'm fine, please stop hitting me."

"Good thing you aren't hurt." Cain smiled.

"You look…different…"She stared at him, scanning him from head to toe.

Cain looked down at his torso, "Ah…let's say I ate something big." He said with a passive face. "You were running, is there a problem?" He asked.

Jemima looked as if she remembered something, "Yeah! The milk, I need to get it out quickly!" She ran away.

Cain looked at her for a moment before making his way to the washing room. After cleaning his face, he headed toward his father's room.

When he reached the door, he could sense a dragon inside. An ancient blue one as well as Ariel.

Knock! Knock!

"Who's there?" Ariel asked.

"Cain, open the door."

"A minute…"

After a few moments, Ariel opened the door wearing a single long dress. "What did…who are you?" She stared at him.

"Is father here? I wanted to borrow some of his clothes…Father! My clothes got smaller, give me something to wear!" He yelled.

"You just asked me, did you have to yell at him?" Ariel started directly at Cain.

"Felt you make the conversation longer…"

"Cain, that's more like it. Did you train for some years in a single night?" Chad walked to the door shirtless.

"Do you really believe that?"

"You're my son, cramming a few years in a night should be easy for you." Chad smiled.

"As you can see, need to borrow some of your clothes. I will go buy new ones quickly."

"Barak! Get some clothes from the closet for me!" Chad yelled to the inside.

"You all like yelling, can't you just speak normally?" A voice replied.

A moment later, a lump of clothes got thrown toward Chad. He gave them a look and nodded.

"Those are for you…" He handed them to Cain, "Tell me about what happened later, now I have some business to take care of." Chad closed the door with a smile.

Cain left immediately without looking back, Barak is going to regret throwing the clothes to his father instead of carrying them.

He headed straight to the bath and found it in use. Someone was there.

Cain thought about it for a moment, this was his mansion. It was likely one of the maids inside. Those won't mind him getting in.

Cain went into the changing room and took his small clothes out, in the bin, he saw two maid outfits so he was certain it was them.

He walked into the bath and washed quickly, he wasn't that dirty but just want to wear the clothes fresh.

As he opened the door, he saw Diana and Lexi in the hot tub.

They both jumped the moment their eyes laid on him. For a moment they didn't recognize him.

"Master…what did happen? How did you get…" Lexi asked scanning him from head to toe as Jemima did. But this time she stopped on his meat stick since he was naked, "Massive?" she cried.

Cain slowly walked toward the tub and sat in the water. Diana shuddered to resist the urge to approach him.

"Just ate something big…" He said staring at them, "You don't have to worry about that."

Lexi sat down, stealing glances at him.

After sitting in the water for a few minutes, Diana approached him with shaking lips.

"Master…can I…" She was looking down there.

Lexi stood, "Diana, get a hold of…"

"Fine," Cain replied and got out of the water. Sitting on the edge, Diana approached him and started sucking.

Cain signaled for Lexi to approach him as well.

When she did, Cain kissed her chest and got her to sit on his thigh.

"Master…are you…"

"It's fine, relax." Cain kissed her as one of his fingers ran amok in her back end.

He then stood up and asked Diana to stand. "Turn around."

As he spread her peach, he thought. 'Am really like how my father was…'