Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

503 Rumbling of the new beginning I

Cain walked into the changing room with Lexi and Diana. He stretched his arms a bit.

"Master, where do you intend to go?" Lexi asked while rubbing her back end gently.

Cain turned toward her, "To the city market, I will buy some clothes and visit Dolrig. I might also stop by the guild and look at how they are faring."

Diana sat on the bench giving Cain a worried look. "Can I ask something?"

"Go ahead."

"Is there a problem with the ladies? Usually, you don't come for us this easily."

"Ah, nothing like that. You asked for it, and since I can deliver I did." Cain replied and then the strange idea came back to his mind.

"Is any of you particularly tied to Chauntea?"

The two stared at him with a confused looks. Lexi smiled and approached him. "I come from a farmer family so we worship her a good amount."

Diana stared with a worried face, "I'm not that into her…in fact, I don't care that much about religious stuff, to begin with…"

Cain smiled and stared at Diana, "I do have an experiment, would you like to participate in it?" He then approached her.

"Right now, I should be able to grant spells to people. But…they have to worship me to an extent. I know it will work, but I just want to know the bare minimum of worship to achieve that. Marina is also participating so you won't be alone."

Both Diana and Lexi gave him a strange look, "Are you serious?"

"Yeah, it can be something as small as saying my name every now and then, to an active worshipping and sacrifice."𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"Yeah…I will have to think about that." Diana replied, unsure of what to do.

After that, Cain went to the kitchen to eat something.

The kitchen was as he remembers. Elise standing by the counter getting breakfast ready. He looked for some veggies, but he found none.

"Elise…" She jumped up the moment she heard his voice. The egg that was in her hand flew like a bird across the kitchen before getting suspended mid-air.

Elise looked behind, Cain stood there. She recognized him but he was taller and had more bulk to him. Lifting one finger up and the egg started orbiting him like a moon.

She sighed in relief, all the training she did to not scream had paid. She might have yelled at him otherwise.

"You scared me, Master Cain. Couldn't you have warned me?" She said, gently touching her chest as she sighed in relief.

Cain gently sat on one of the chairs, he stared at her for a moment. "Sorry, thought you would notice. I wasn't trying to hide after all." He replied pointing at the veggies he has just gone through.

"It was probably my fault then, we're used to maids going around so…" Elise thought it was just another maid going about her work, she didn't expect him to be there.

"Have something for me to eat? Anything?"

Elise turned toward the counter and poured him a large mug of hot milk. Grabbed two eggs and stared at him gesturing with her fingers. "Give me that one."

Cain sent the egg back to her, she grabbed her and cracked the three on a pan with some jerky and meat slices.

As she left that cook, she grabbed two loaves of a break from the cabinet and laid them on the charcoal grill to get seared a bit.

Thud! She sat everything on the table for him with a smile. "This all I can do now quickly, enjoy."

Cain happily gulped everything down, he would have been satisfied with carrots and water but this was amazing.

Cain stood up after he finished eating and headed out with his staff in hand, his destination in the city center.

Walking across the street leaning on his staff like an old man. Cain looked around.

The city street was somewhat empty, he could only hear a faint whistling coming from inside the houses.

The merchants have just started setting their stalls and cleaning in front of the shops so getting clothes had to wait a few minutes.

After walking a bit in, Cain spotted the well he used to sneak into William's mansion with Daraku in the past. It seems to have been renovated and fixed. A sign saying, [Well of Hope] was standing beside it.

He decided to go check on Dolrig first, that man should be awake and working by now.

As he reached the door, he could hear the hammer beating steel.

"I do want a nail, just one. Can you make it brand new for me?" Cain shouted from the outside.

"I have a red hot one, shove it up your winner and fuck off!" Dolrig yelled from the inside. BANG! Something smashed into the door.

"Where are you keeping it?" Cain asked with a smile.

Thud! Thud! Thud! BAM! Dolrig punched the door open. Use a metal tongue to grab the red hot pike stuck on the door. "Here it is idiot!"

"How are you Dolrig?"

"I was doing fine until you came along, have heard of you in ages little fucker. You changed a bit." Dolrig scanned Cain.

"It's a long story, came to check on you."

"Come inside then. Talk it over a drink," Dolrig walked inside and Cain followed him.

The forge was busier than he remembers, swords and shields everywhere. The scent of charcoal and steel filled the place.

"Work going well?" Cain asked.

Dolrig looked around, "Nah, worse. I don't even have time to rest now. Thanks to a fucker who used my work to save the whole city, then went on beating everyone like he own the place."

Cain giggled, "You're welcome, hope it gets better."

Dolrig turned toward Cain, "And how did you bastard end up like this? Finally decided to resemble your father?"

Cain slowly explained it as simply as he could. Dolrig listened with a disinterested look, but a smile on his face.

"I see…since you that skilled. Care to do me a small favor?" Dolrig asked.

Cain gave him a puzzled look.

Dolrig stood and went to the back, bringing a beat-up hammer. "This baby isn't doing fine. Remember her?"

It was the hammer he enchanted for him to work with. To think he used her that much.

"With how the business is, you should've been able to afford one…" Cain stared at him. "Is there something weighing your back?" Cain's mind instantly went to bandits extorting or something.

"Yeah…" Dolrig looked worried, "Two bitches have been dragging me alone for two weeks now." He sighed, "We're getting married soon." He said.

Cain smiled, he finally found a partner. Well, two, he's the best blacksmith in the city so women are going to fight over him.

"Congratulation, just don't yell at them. Got it." Cain smiled, already thinking of what to bring them.

"Yell? One of them her mouth stinks just like mine, no respect for anyone. The other is a bit reserved, we both agreed not to swear in front of her." Dolrig smiled looking happy, his face bright with joy.

Cain used [Telekinesis] to drag Dolrig's spare hammer toward him. With a flick of his fingers, he enchanted both hammers with a more powerful spell and handed them to him.

"Congratulation, don't forget to send me an invitation. If you need anything just ask."

"I'll keep that in mind."