Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿504 Rumbling of the new beginning II

Cain walked out of Dolrig's shop after having a nice chat. It was good to catch up with him. Now he needs to think of a gift for the wedding.

As Cain walked the street, he slowly headed toward the marketplace. By this time, all the shops need to be open so he can get some new clothes.

Cain could see carriages slowly getting loaded in the distance. Merchants heading toward Ourals were getting ready to use the waypoint he made.

With one glance, the marketplace seemed near. Like a busy bee hive, people started rushing in to get early morning deals.

Cain walked between the people, masterfully using his charisma to blend in and not stand out. An almost seven-foot-tall, white-haired man would stand out like a flag.

People still set their stalls with fruits and vegetables. A woman pushing water out of a store as she cleaned. A baby crying his balls out for some reason. A dog barking to the side and a butcher throwing it a bone to shut it up.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Kids ran around with sticks as a woman took her shoe and threw it at them, "You little twigs! How many windows you have broken!"

To Cain, this seemed to happen very slowly. The moment his four brains worked simultaneously on processing the sensory information he got. Time tends to flow at a lower rate.

This made him realize, using all brains at the same time was a waste. He will start using only three and the fourth one will be asleep. This change will happen every four hours so Cain wouldn't need to sleep again. But that was just for mental fatigue.

Totally eliminating sleep didn't feasible since eventually, his body will need to rest. Such a plan might make him only need sleep once a week. Since theoretically, he's constantly sleeping.

The first brain was the one to go to sleep first and the other three kept rolling.

Cain stopped at a cloth shop. All the clothes seemed bland, mostly second hand but they were clean. What mattered to him the most was their aesthetic, they need to be simple.

He gently pushed the door. Ding! Ding! A small bell dinged a ding dong dang.

"Looking for a full set, several if possible," Cain said after entering and a woman rushed toward him.

The woman was in her late forties, probably just hit her fifties as one or two strands of grey hair can be seen on her black hair. Faint wrinkles twirled on her cheek as she fixed her glasses to get a better look at Cain.

"Ah! Ma boy, aren't you a tall one." She smiled, "Remind of a gentleman man who came here twenty years ago…Can't seem to remember his name…" She started thinking.

"Yeah, can you show me what clothes you have?" Cain said with a smile.

The woman blinked twice as her thoughts faded for a moment, "That's right, we don't have clothes for your size…but I could modify some to fit you…you down for that?" She smiled.

"Of course, can I choose clothes to modify then?" Cain took a look inside a pile of shirts. They were clearly second hand but they were clean.

"You don't need to ask, just bring me what you like and I'll tailor it up. I'm good with my fingers." She smiled getting her sewing tools from behind the wooden counter. Gently she lit a candle and placed it on a small chandelier on the side.

"Which color do you prefer?" She asked pulling a box of candy-like rolls of threads.

"Probably black to contrast my hair, white will also be good for a uniform look. Grey if I wanted something in between." Cain said as he looked through the clothes.

The woman gave him a puzzled look, "That's all colors, how am I supposed to choose thread colors?"

"You aren't supposed to choose yet. At least until I find something to get…" Cain gave a large white shirt a look, this thing might get stained easily. He would prefer something to hide dust and dirt in general.

He will be out adventuring and fighting, wearing a white shirt just to have it stained for days without a proper way to wash it will just be an eye sore. Black might be better…

"You know, most people chose either light or dark colors, and I sew their clothes with either white or black thread." The woman said putting the box away and staring at Cain with a smile.

"Well, I'm not most. I'm me, and my clothes sense is more twisted than a haystack." Cain finally found something that looked nice.

A long-sleeved black shirt with two buttons at the neck. One of them was missing but that is why the woman is there.

Cain threw the shirt at her and kept searching.

"You could have brought it to me, you won't get any girls if you kept acting like that." She said catching the shirt. Compared the color with the fabric, she had stored and then started working on fixing it first.

She didn't need to take Cain's measurements, she has been doing this for decades and her eyes are better than any tape she could use.

"Won't get any girls? Got at least six." Cain threw a glance at her.

"Six? With that attitude?" She had already gotten the button fixed and was getting ready to extend the sleeves.

"The point is, I only show respect to them, and those who deserve it." Cain found a nice pair of grey pants that had a lot of pockets. He gently carried it to the woman and put it on the table.

"Nice skills madam. Now that I've seen them, I can show my respect." Cain smiled at her and she blushed.

"Not every passing woman can catch your eyes I see. But those skills are merely sewing, nothing to brag about, considering your look." With how Cain looked, it was clear that he was either a powerful adventurer or a noble. (Thanks to his charisma, she wasn't able to recognize him)

Cain went back to the pile of clothes. "Merely sewing? There is nothing such as that. Each tiny skill, effort, and drop of sweat spent is worth something. I would respect a woman that cleans houses for a living more than a beautiful maiden whose only skill is to pose and act beautiful." Cain stood up grabbing a bunch of clothes in his hand.

He slowly approached the table, the woman was already done with what she was working with. "Here some more, please get them ready."

She looked at the pile and then stared at him. "You know, looks and mindset are nice but…" She scratched her fingers, "Gold plays a crucial role as well…Can you pay?"

Cain smiled taking a pile of gold coins from his pocket, "Here you go, bet those are more than enough. I will keep choosing more so work at ease."

The woman stared at the bag and lifted it up, "Guess those six are lucky. Just treat them well and respectfully." She got back to working as fast as she could. Her fingers moved like a master swordsman dancing on the battlefield.

Cain looked at her, it didn't matter which field it was. Skills trained over years are always mesmerizing to witness, she was a master of her craft, just as he was a master of magic and just as his father was a master swordsman.