Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿505 Rumbling of the new beginning III

"Those will take some time to finish. Can you come back after an hour?" the woman asked with a big smile.

Cain stared at her and then at the pile of clothes he bought. The shop was empty. No worker beside her was in sight.

"Of course, I will be back later." Cain went outside to check more things in the market.

Just as he left it before, the market was as busy as a bee hive. Cain stared at the people selling vegetables and fruits, between them stood a familiar figure.

A tall tanned maid with silky brown hair and sapphire-like blue eyes, a sharp glare, and a sword at her waist. She glared down at the shopkeepers enough to make them shake.

------------------------------------

<Name: Katherine Powell><Race: Human><Level: 1/20><Exp: 0/300>

<HP: 15><MP: 7><SP: 15 >

<Strength: 16><Dexterity: 17><Constitution: 14>

<Intelligence: 12><Wisdom: 12><Charisma: 11>

Skills

[Sword Art]: The ability to effectively use swords effectively in combat.

[Dueling]: Allow the user to concentrate fully on a single target to maximize efficiency.

[Acrobatics]: Increased dexterity due to constant training, this skill will be lost if the training was abandoned for a long time.

[Athletics]: Increased strength due to constant training, this skill will be lost if the training was abandoned for a long time.

------------------------------------

'Katherine? She got a new skill, her training with my father must have borne fruits' Cain walked toward her slowly, making sure to make noise when walking so she won't get surprised.

Katherine slowly turned her head, staring at him for a few seconds… "You are?"

"Cain, can't you recognize me?" Cain looked at her with shaking lips, pretending to be about to cry.

"I did recognize you but…considering what you've been going through. This looked more like a pathetic attempt at impersonating you." She walked toward it with a smile.

"The change isn't that big, come on."

"People don't get this tall and gain that muscle mass out of nowhere, even though now that I looked closely, you starting to resemble your father a lot. I do also get some lady Zaleria hints from you and it's strange."

'She's sharp, I'm here so she must have sniffed me out' Morena thought. 'That's still hard to believe.' Gray thought. 'Since I ate Morena, the body's musculature is more draconic than human now. She must have picked that and tied it to Zaleria.' The second brain thought.

Cain lifted his hand up and scratched his head. "What are you buying anyway?" He asked staring at the bags beside her.

Potatoes, there were a lot of them. Some carrots, a crap ton of lettuce, and other greens. Onion and more…

"Don't really know, Elsie gave me a list and I'm here to bring everything." She handed the paper to him.

After going through it, he realized one thing. The list said not to bring onion but she did. When he asked her about she gave him a puzzled stare and then glared at the merchant behind her.

"The list says no onion. Why did you give me so much?" A vein can be seen swelling on her forehead.

"Don't listen to him, the list says you need onion. Who is he to know?" the merchant replied with a smile.

Cain was still using his charisma to not stand out, only a few select people can notice him. Katherine could see him clearly as the white mage Cain Lisworth.

Other people only saw him as a passing old man. It is just how when you get back home and try remembering all the people who passed by you, you can't identify who they were.

"Katherine, you can't read?" Cain stared at her and she looked the other way.

"Never had the chance to, there isn't an affordable school around here after all." She said slowly while glaring at the onion-filled bag.

'Probably we should get William to build a school, provide the funds if necessary and make sure it functions well.' The second brain though.

'Ourals as well, that place already has a school but it's shit.' Morena added, 'We must renovate it, Marina can handle that.' Gray added.

Cain approached the merchant knocking on the ground loudly with his staff. "I see more than one merchant in the city, take your shit back. I don't need someone who tries to deceive my maids!" Cain grabbed the vegetable-filled bags and threw them at the merchant inside his stall.

"The veggies!" Katherine stared at them splatter on the shop and the merchant ducking down to avoid getting smacked with an onion bag.

"Come with me, will buy from another place." Cain grabbed Katherine and walked away as the merchant screamed "Pay for what you damaged!"

On their way out, Cain stopped by two guards who were patrolling and pointed them toward the merchant. "He's deceiving people who can't read. Tell Leon to find a way to deal with those idiots or I will start dealing with them on my own."

The two guards could recognize him as the white mage, Cain Lisworth.

"As you order sir, will get word to lord Leon and get things sorted as quickly as possible!" They saluted him with a shout and hurried to arrest the merchant.

Cain then helped Katherine buy everything she needed and sent her back home. He turned to go back to the cloth shop.

On his way, he spotted an old lady standing by the roadside carrying two massive bags in her hands. She seemed to await the road to clear from the carriages rushing toward the waypoint.

Cain panicked for a moment, how could this entire city let such a thing happen?

"Lady Mable, how are you doing?" Cain approached her.

She turned around, setting the bags on the ground and smiling. "Little Cain, it's been a while since I last saw you. Stop every once in a while by our inn."

"I do intend on doing that soon. It's just that I have been really busy lately." Cain smiled carrying her bags, they were damn heavy, for an old lady to carry.

"You don't need to do that, I can carry them on my own." She tried to get the bags from Cain.

"You're going home?" Cain asked with a serious face.

"Yeah, got what I need."

Cain grabbed the bags with one hand and Carried Mable with the other one. [Fly] They flew away toward Evan's inn. "You can fly?" She stared at him.

"Well…I can throw meteors and stomp cities. Is flying a strange thing at this point?" Cain looked at her with a puzzled face, had she not seen him fly over the city multiple times?

"Heard you flew on a dragon's back…that big red one, Zaleria was her name?" She replied.

"Ah, that. I did fly on her back, I can also fly on my own. Selena and Sofia can fly on their own as well." Cain replied with a proud face.

"Sofia, that girl? Had she mastered baking bread yet?" Mable asked with a smile.

"Not as much as you, but she is trying…there's the inn!" Cain slowly landed beside the door and put Mable down. He stared around and then opened the door.

"Evan! I come out here!" Cain yelled and Evan got out of the kitchen where he was cooking.

"Cain? Is that you?" Evan dried his wet hands with a towel and rushed toward the door. All the customers from newbie adventurers to veterans, traveling merchants, and passers-by glared at them.

Most people staying here have come since this place was where the legend Cain Lisworth started his journey. Hearing his name suddenly was bound to attract their attention.𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m