Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿506 Rumbling of the new beginning IV

Cain glanced down the inn's bar, it has never changed. But the people staring at him were new. Gently, he flicked his finger and most people there made a dumb faces.

"What did you do?" Mable asked with a worried face.

"My name is Cain and I look like Cain, but I'm not him. It's just a coincidence that we look similar." Cain said with a smile.

It took Mable a few seconds to guess but she eventually realized he used magic. Someone like him must not have the time to waddle around greeting new adventures and telling them stories.

As she was expecting Cain to leave for his business, she got surprised to see him sit at a table and call Evan.

Cain smiled looking at the menu, the old wooden table felt the same. The scent of freshly baked bread filled the air. "So, I want bread. Bread with butter and some sweet bread and also some…"VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"Get something besides bread…" Evan growled at him holding a platter.

"Well…some soup and grilled meat if you have some. No need for drinks, just water will be enough." Cain said with a smile.

Evan turned around and went back to the kitchen to get the food ready.

It was going to take some time so Cain closed his eyes and sat relaxed.

… "Sir…Sir…" He heard an unfamiliar voice call him.

Cain slowly opened his eyes and looked to the side. A young adventurer wearing greenish armor and holding a short sword stared at him. A girl that looked his age with long black hair and wore a red robe hid behind him.

"What is it?" Cain asked, he never saw them before.

"It's about this…" The young adventure pulled his sword from its sheath. It was all melted and had several holes in it. The girl behind him also pulled a knife and showed it to Cain, it was melted as well.

Cain thought about it for a moment, this is the effect of acid. There was only one type of monster to do this.

"Slimes? You got beaten by them?" Cain gave the two young adventures a dubious look.

"It was my fault, I failed to cast a fire bolt and he ended up getting surrounded. The acid melted his sword and we had to run away." The girls said looking down.

Cain could guess the rest of the story, "So…other adventures just laugh at you. You're broke so you can't get new weapons and are doubting you could make it an adventure."

"Yeah…you seemed like an experienced one. To that, you haven't laughed at us yet. Can you give us some advice?" The young adventures asked, with no hope in his eyes.

"There are several ways to get you out of this problem. Four to be exact." Cain smiled, the solution was simple yet not many people would think of it.

The two adventure eyes lit up, "Please do tell us!" they said in unison.

"The first plan is finding a blacksmith or an adventure willing to lend you weapons for free, that will help get some quests done," Cain said looking at the bar behind them, most of the adventurers there looked away.

"The second plan is asking the guild to lend you money, which they rarely accept from new adventures." That was out of the question especially since Mary isn't in the guild at this time. Had she been there when they lost their weapons, she would probably help them.

"The third plan would be to find another work besides adventuring, raise money, and then get back." This opened a whole path of uncertainty and the unknown. It wouldn't be the most comfortable of things.

"And now, the last plan and the one I suggest going with…" Cain said with a big smile and the two adventures gulped.

"Go back to the forest, grab some sticks, and beat the shit out of those slimes. If the sticks melted, just grab more, the forest has an unlimited stock of them."

The two adventures stood dumbfounded, that was ridiculous. With how much slime hunting paid, getting a weapon was a tall order. They might need to kill a hundred before being able to afford a blade.

"Doubt that will be possible, last time we checked, it was one copper for five killed slimes. The cheapest sword goes for around 1 silver coin, used. That would mean we would need to kill at least 500 slimes to get it done." The young adventure said with a sad face.

"It will be, you lack experience and Exp. This will solve all of your problems. By the end of it, you will have a new blade, have become an expert at killing slimes, and have even leveled up." Cain said with a big smile, "You want to rise quickly like the white mage, there is no easy way but to grind it out."

The two young adventures thanked Cain and rushed toward the forest with newfound resolve.

~Mary, are you awake~ Cain called her as he had an important matter.

~What is it? I'm taking a bath with the girls~ She replied.

~How come the guild here at Furberg still only pays 1 copper coin per five slime kills? I just met some adventurers and they were struggling because of that~

~I thought Edward was taking care of the guild, I will give a tour today and see how things are going~

~Please do, otherwise I will have the elvish guild take over as they are more competent~

~I could find some metallic dragons to help, a gold one would make a fantastic guild master~ Mary suggested with a smile.

~I almost forget you're Bahamut's daughter. But I would want a gold dragon here, they are too strict for adventure life. A silver dragon would be better, could you get one~

~Of course, I will see to that~

As Cain finished talking with her, his food came. A lot and a lot of bread, and then even more bread. The soup and grilled meat paled by comparison.

The bread was slightly golden brown, had a hint of sesame smell, and crunched to the touch. As steam rushed from its surface, it carried a sweet smell that overtook even the grilled meat.

Evan can be seen glaring at Cain from the kitchen.

Cain smiled at him and then started eating, he had missed this bread a lot. They will soon need to move to the elvish kingdom to reach Sylph. With how violent he expects it to be, he will most likely never return for a year.

But that being said, he could create a teleportation portal and solve the problem. But the distance will also be a problem, he will need the cores of powerful dungeons which are rare to get.

Cain stared outside as he ate, 'I wonder where we should stop, the wood elves or the dark elves?'

After thinking about it for a while, he decided to go for the dark elves. There was one reason, Eilistraee is there and he needs her by his side no matter what.

Cain found himself had finished the bread and the meat have cooled down. Even the soup has cooled. They looked inedible compared to what he was chomping a few moments ago.

But as Evan kept glaring at him with a knife in hand, he had to finish them off.