Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

508 Problems at the maze IL𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Cain finally reached the clothes shop. He looked around and the street was still as busy as ever. Knock! Knock!

He got in and the shopkeeper lady was awaiting him with a smile and a massive bag.

"This is for you, make sure to keep them clean." She said with a smile.

Cain looked inside the bag, "Clean, what is that supposed to mean?" He closed the bag and carried it on his back.

"You seem like an adventurer, a great one at that. Those aren't designed for blood and poison." She approached Cain and gave him a small bag, "The change, you gave me far more than what was needed."

"You can keep them," Cain pushed the small bag back to her.

"No, I won't take what I didn't work for." She pushed the bag back to him.

"Fine, keep them and I will send some people to buy from you later. An upfront payment, a tailor like you would be hard to find."

Cain carried the bag and headed outside. Quickly moving into a back alley, he hide all the clothes in a [Shadow Pocket] and walked back home. He took that time to think about his magic and how it was best to use it.

Upon reaching the mansion's outer gate, he saw the workers tending to the trees with Jemima yelling at them. It was peaceful, unlike the mess going inside one of his maze rooms. As he walked inside the house, he saw Zaleria resting on the couch watching the flames in the fireplace.

"You back?" She smiled staring at him. Patting the couch for him to sit on as well.

Cain immediately took the cloth bag from his [Shadow pocket] and handed it to Ellie who was passing by with a stack of clothes.

"All of those need washing?" She glared at him. Was he trying to break her back?

Cain smiled, "No, just put them in my closet."

Ellie sighed, she wasn't sure if she would survive washing them all. "I will take them there after I'm done." She took the bag from him and headed away.

Cain gently sat beside Zaleria and stared at the flame, a faint smile on his face.

"Couldn't you have tied her down?" He asked with a scary smile.

Zaleria looked away, "Well…we tried but she broke free. Lucky she wasn't able to break through the room walls."

Cain sighed, "Please don't do it again. If she had broken the room and destroyed the maze's core. We will die immediately." He created a small ball of mana in his palm and showed it to Zaleria.

"This is enough to blow the whole mansion, the maze has hundreds, if not thousands this amount stored in the core. It would have wiped the whole city had things gone wrong." He stood up and Zaleria did the same.

"Grace, come with us," Cain said with a smile and Gracie appeared from the couch shadow carrying a broom in her hand. "Is there anything I can do?"

"Leave the cleaning to the other maids, will go check in some things in the maze and I do need you there." Cain smiled staring at the stairs.

Gracie slowly walked out of the living room and handed the broom to Klara who was in the kitchen getting launch ready. "I'm cooking, get someone else to do it."

"I'm going with Cain, just call them and have someone else take care of it," Gracie replied and turned away without awaiting an answer. Klara sighed and picked up the broom. Knock! Knock! She used it to knock on the ceiling and get other maids to come down.

Gracie walked back to Cain where she checked if all her weapons are in place. As she found everything was right she stared at him. "I'm ready, let's go."

Cain walked upstairs and into his room. In there he opened the Maze portal and walked inside. Both Zaleria and Gracie walked behind him silently.

"Where do you think we should go first?" Cain asked turning toward them with a worried smile. "Lola is the most dangerous, Melissa and her succubus are going to be uncomfortable to deal with and I doubt Mei would be lacking problems either."

Zaleria stared at him thinking, "The pixies first, we can always leave the work to them and get out." She was reasonable so they went with that.

Cain opened the door to the pixies' room.

They were greeted with a gust of warm wind, a sweet smell, and a beautiful grove of everlasting emerald green grass and tall trees. A faint laughter can be heard in the distance as the pixies played around in their safe haven. In such a place, they won't fear poachers or monsters.

The moment they sensed Cain's magic, they swarmed toward him in waves. "It's the master!"

"Master Cain is here!" They cheered and swarmed around him like flies to honey.

"Give me…some space!" Cain tried to hush them away with his hands. He didn't want to use magic as he remembers what Mei told him. His rich mana is like drugs to them and he should be careful.

"HEY! GIRLS DO YOU WANT ME TO PULL YOUR WINGS OUT?" Mei came in yelling. She pulled one of the pixies by the hair and kicked her away, "GET AWAY FROM HIM!" She shouted again at the top of her lungs.

All pixies flew away disappointed and scared faces. They slowly stole glances at Cain wanting to play more.

"Those…are you fine Cain?" Mei turned toward Cain and he seemed fine. She spotted Gracie and Zaleria behind him…in their hand were a bunch of unconscious pixies.

"Did you kill them?" She said with a confused face.

"No, just flicked them off." Gracie dangled one of the pixies from her leg like a sardine.

Zaleria gently put the one she caught on the ground.

Mei sighed, "I will get some to pick them up later, let's head to the castle." She flew into the trees.

Mei called it a castle, but it was a pixie's castle. The biggest tree in the grove has been hallowed out and made as a throne room for Mei. Knight pixies flew over the place like bees as Cain and the others walked in.

All of the knights made sure to bow when passing by Cain and Mei.

"Let me get you a seat." Mei flicked her finger and branches rose from the ground with a gentle creek. They quickly took the form of three chairs for Cain and the girls to sit on.

As Cain sat on the chair, all of Mei's royal consultants and direct servants flew from the tree and lined behind her. Then in unison, they all kneeled down.

Cain smiled, "Just stand up… I wanted to ask about the messenger from Titania. What did she want?"

Upon hearing the question, Mei looked a little bit worried. Scratching her cheek a little, "You won't be angry right?" She said avoiding looking directly into his eyes.

Cain sighed, "Is it that bad? Just speak up." He faces palmed, another problem to deal with was coming.

"Well…I won't call it bad…" Mei thought carefully about her words, "I might have gotten her addicted to your mana…"