Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

﻿510 Problems at the maze III

Cain looked ahead of him. All the succubus have accepted Gracie as their current queen. 'How many would this make again?'

Cain started counting all the people serving him,

Zaleria has the druids, she never interferes or commands them but she is technically letting them live in her forest.

There is Reith and the Kenku who are now adventurers in the city.

There is Mei and the pixies.

Sofia has the Abishai who seemed to obey her as she has the purgatory shard.

Alice has Spindle and some devils in hell are willing to serve her as she is a high rank.

Selena has become the alpha of the beast land which is a matter he still needs to attend to soon.

Amaya has the undead he created, now even more because he throw all that Morena made at her.

Mary would have a dragon or two come if she asked, probably even more since she's Bahamut's daughter.

Marina has the whole of Ourals city at her hand.

'Am I the only one lacking direct servants?' Cain realized…forgetting that all those he mentioned serve him to an extent.

He took a step ahead and stared at the Succubus. As he flicked a finger, two blue doors appeared. "The left is to Ourals brothel and the right one is to Furberg's brothel. You should be already expected there."

"We can go, just like this?" Melissa stared at him. She expected him to cast some enslavement spells or the like to make sure they won't run away.

"Are you talking about you possibly running? You can do that, but you have to deal with the consequences on your own." Cain smiled flicking a finger and an undead zombie raised from the ground.

All the succubus froze in place, "Remember them, they were with the maid Amaya. Try to run, and they'll eat your asses."

Zaleria smiled, he wasn't putting a direct leash on them. It's just that he made sure they won't survive outside his control. To them, the dragons are after them, Lola is after them, and the Kenku as well, having Cain who is a mage after them as well is a risk they can't take.VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Melissa bowed down, stealing glances at Cain and Gracie. "Please don't worry. None of us shall run away."

"He doesn't need to remind you, don't kill anyone or you're all dead." Zaleria reminded her. Succubus can suck someone dry till they die. That was a situation that must be avoided.

As the succubus situation was sorted until further developments, Cain headed toward the main problem and that is Lola. He wanted to finish her quickly to start working on some toys with going back to hell.

As Cain opened the door to Lola's room, Zaleria said to remind him. "Mary said to get her on your side, even by force."

"Will have to see about that…" He replied looking back at her. He knew that the dragon's king's daughter Lola was extremely moody, an arrogant brat who can have conflicting ideas about people around her.

Cain, Gracie, and Zaleria entered Lola's room. The place where she was confined.

As soon as they entered. Lola, in her draconic form, rushed at them with all her might.

Zaleria immediately transformed and blocked her claws. "Told you to behave," Zaleria growled. Her hind claws stuck to the ground. She swung a fiery fist at Lola punching her in the face.

The blast was so powerful Gracie had to grab onto Cain who causally block the splattered flames with a [Lisworth's resilient sphere]

'Can't see her stats, the dragon king must have done something to her. Was he trying to make sure she never get stronger than him, or he was just using her to test something?' Cain thought. Lola seemed a bit weaker than he expect from his arch-nemesis daughter.

"Why you, get out of my way!" Lola opened her jaw. Her chest grew red and lighting crackled from her four wings. As a storm of condensed magic swirled around her purple body, she unleashed a breath of mixed lightning and fire that had a devastating power behind it.

'Wait…she has the breath…' Cain immediately flew and deflected the breath with a [Prismatic Dome] and stared at the confused Lola.

Zaleria glared at him with a surprised face. "You can deflect that?"

Cain silently stared at Lola and then spoke calmly. "I can understand now, you definitely have his blood. But you seem to lack the draconic physical might due to your devil blood. Zaleria being able to beat is a mix of that and her getting stronger." He approached her.

Lola rushed toward him roaring and charging her breath again. Cain immediately transformed into the chimera and grabbed her by the neck.

As she stared at the monster rising in front of her, her eyes opened wide as Cain opened his jaw. A massive ball of mana started condensing there. It quickly reached the ninth tier and kept getting more condensed.

Lola felt extremely threatened, she has never seen such a monstrous amount of magic in one place except her father and the elvish high mage Lilia. She started struggling to run away and avoid getting hit.

"Let me go you monster! Let me go you monster!" She cried. Then, another terrifying thing happened that caused me to start shaking. Her body started shrinking. Cain was forcing her back to her vulnerable humanoid form.

With her struggle, she managed to slip from Cain's hand into her humanoid form. She quickly landed and ran as fast as she could.

'Need to get away, I will die if it hit me.' She started sweating and her face paled. She now understood why Dakin failed, why all the other dragons failed. It wasn't a matter of raw power, it wasn't a matter of the other dragon not trying hard enough.

'He isn't something we could have expected, someone needs to get back and tell father about this monstrosity. We need to send the purple dragons to face him.' She thought.

Purple dragons are a subterranean type of chromatic dragons. They are considered the weakest dragons due to their sensitivity to sunlight, poor flight skills, and weak psychic breath (A sound wave that scrambles people's minds and is almost ineffective against other dragons)

As Lola was running, multiple tentacles caught her and pulled her back like a whip. "This is a closed dimension, where did you expect to run away," Cain growled as she saw the flash of light descends on her.

At the last moment, Cain decreased the power of the magic not to kill her.

BAM! The beam caused no explosion and not the big creator Zaleria expected. Instead, they could see Lola's limp body dangling in Cain's tentacles.

"What was that?" Zaleria asked with a puzzled face. She never heard of such a spell before.

Cain turned his head and glared down at her, "The ninth-tier [Weird], a spell that creates an illusion and causes mental damage equivalent to the target expectation. Of course limited by the caster's mana capacity."

Zaleria gave him a weird look, "So, you scared her to death?"

"I decreased the spell power just before it hit, for now, she will be certain that I can kill her whenever I want. It's the reality she convinced herself with after all."