Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿511 Problems at the maze IV

Lola woke up feeling a bit dizzy, her thoughts were a bit mudded as if she had been asleep for a long time. She slowly looked to the side. Cain was staring down at her in his humanoid form with Zaleria and Gracie.

"Care to talk? Or should I just kill you again?" He asked creating a small orb of light in his hand.

She looked up to the room's blue ceiling, and then at him. "What do you want?"

Cain smiled and turned the ball of light off, "Finally willing to talk? Expected that I will need more to make this happen."

He created a table for the four of them to sit on with [Mold Earth]

As everyone sat down, he looked at Lola and said directly "I want to kill you father, and you're going to help me do it."

She sighed, "Do you hear your own words? Do you expect me to kill my father?" she then smiled, "I won't mind taking his place though…"

Cain was right about her, and all other chromatic dragons serving the king. As a king's seed, and the king's own daughter. She had the possibility to replace him, but such a thing will never happen while she obeys him.

"Let's put it this way, I need you to help me, help your father retire. He's gotten old and a bit crazy and has some ridiculous ideas." Cain knocked on the table with his finger.

"Ridiculous Ideas? I only know him to seek more power, what part of that is a ridiculous idea?" She was a bit confused, are not all people seeking power?

"That will be normal had he been a red dragon like this one." Cain pointed at Zaleria. "But your father has a greater goal, he wants to achieve the achievements of old and kill gods."

The dragon's search for power was only for that purpose. Even Lola's cure that prevents people from changing form wasn't a random power. He must have intentionally selected Lola's mother to get that curse. Cain is assuming that the king wanted to use it to prevent the gods from forcing the dragons out of the mad soul he intend to create.

Even Lola herself might have been but a test to see if dragons could wield such power or if he need to infuse it into something else.

"So, want to help me take him down?" Cain asked again.

"Will you help me become the chromatic queen?" She replied with a smile.

Cain thought about it for a moment. If the king died, there will be no more reason for him to fight the chromatic dragons. Making Lola a queen is also an ending to their madness. "But you have to be strong enough."

Lola looked toward Zaleria and then at Cain, she hesitated for a moment and then asked, "How did they get so strong?"

Zaleria was the one to talk first "We're already strong, but he always managed to teach us things and give us some power. He's my dragon rider as well."

Lola glared at her for a moment, "Guess it can't be helped, at least you didn't bend your knees to a human."

"He was a human when I became his dragon, care to be his dragon as well?" Zaleria replied with a straight face as she already knew the answer.VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"No way, forget it," Lola growled.

"You don't have to do that, as long as you follow orders," Cain said with a smile. He was hoping this can end without any need for violence.

"I will do what I want, you follow your own orders." She growled back at him.

'She is conflicted? Not sure if this is just her or the demon madness.' Cain thought. Then Gracie spoke for the first time in the conversation.

"You want power, do what Cain said. Refuse than no power." She glared at Lola, "No one can order me around easily." Lola growled back. Even coming here was of her own accord, she was the one to suggest it and was not ordered by her father.

"If Cain said you sit, you sit. If he said you stand, you stand. Simple…everyone follows that rule, we all do our things. Until he speaks then we follow his lead." Gracie stood up, "If you won't obey, then die." She was getting ready to cut her down at the spot.

Lola stood enraged, her claws extending for a fight.

"Gracie sits down, let me handle this," Cain told her and she sat back immediately.

"Mary was right, it always comes to a beat down with dragons." He sighed, Zaleria stood as well. "Listen, Lola, you don't want to do this. He already killed you once."

Lola smiled, "Killed me? But here am I. That was but a mental attack, he lacks power and purples are going to be enough to kill him." She clenched her fist ready for a fight.

"Believe me, his punches are heavier than mine. You won't stand a chance." Zaleria said with an exhausted face.

Cain cracked his knuckles, it will be easier if he gave Lola a lesson.

"You too? Are you really going to make this a marriage ceremony?" Zaleria growled at them. "NO!" Both of them shouted back.

"Marriage ceremony?" Gracie stared at Zaleria who explained it briefly to her.

Red dragons hate to marry someone weaker than them. Since they seek power, marrying a weaker dragon will dilute their strong blood. When a powerful female red dragon seeks a mate, she will aim to get a male stronger than her so her offspring will be stronger. This usually means the mate she is going to like is going to see her as weaker and refuse. To solve this, they chose violence to prove their strength.

Such a fight usually ends with the female losing as she has bitten more than she can chew. Nonetheless, in most cases, her wish ends up granted and she gets impregnated and the male goes searching for a female stronger than him.

Now for him, it usually ends badly. As the female red dragons usually eat the weaker males who make a move against them. Rarely do they accept them?

Zaleria's father was accepted by her mother albeit weaker than her. This was the reason Zaleria was born stronger than Morena. Since she inherited her mother's strong blood while Morena inherited her father's weak blood.

BAM! The fight started with Lola swinging her claws at Cain out of nowhere. Just the air pressure was enough to shatter the table. Gracie jumped into his shadow and Zaleria flew away to give them some space.

Cain dodged with [Thunder Step] and send a counterpunch at Lola. His goal was to beat her with his fists so she gives up.

Thwack! She blocked his punch with her wing. Crackled! Lightning covered her body in an attempt to hit Cain but he was unaffected. Due to the lingering effect of Thunder Step.

[Haste] Cain weaved behind her wing and sent several punches toward her head.

"Slow!" She turned quickly, lifting her leg and sending a kick at his head.

Cain dodged again and was ready to attack again. At that moment, he saw her mouth over ROAR! She unleashed a blast of flames. That was a quick shot so she didn't have time to infuse more than one element.

[Elemental shield] Cain easily blocked the breath, it was surprisingly weaker than he expected. And then, from the flames, she appeared with another kick to his head. He dodged the attack before so she will try and land it to see what happens.

A wide smile covered her face, she won if the hit landed.

[Time Stop] Cain immediately got serious, he already baited her and gave her hope of victory. It was time to show her what Zaleria meant. He grabbed her kick by the ankle, took a stance, and swung a back-fist at her crotch aiming to dislocate her leg.

CRACK! Lola only felt the sharp pain as her leg popped, and before she could understand what happened, Cain swung another fist at her stomach [Telekinesis] BAM! He sends her plowing the ground with the spell.

"See, told you can't win." Zaleria walked toward the disoriented Lola and looked down at her. "He might be physically weak, but his magic isn't. If you can't use dispel it, or exhaust his MP you better just bend already."