Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿512 Preparing on two sides

Lola opened her eyes a while after she got beaten by Cain. As she looked around. She was lying on the table with Cain and Zaleria staring at her. She immediately wanted to leap away but her body refused to move.

"It's no use, you lost already." Zaleria stared down at her with a smile.

"What did you do to me?" She said glaring at Cain.

"What I did do?" He gave her a surprised face, "Of course enslaved you. Can't let you roam free and inform your father about us."

A blue glow emanated from his blue eyes. She could sense his magic running through her nerves and veins. This spell he cast on her was something abnormal to the extreme.

"You are free to move," Cain said and she immediately sat up.

She touched her body, she was still in her full humanoid form even though she is wanting to transform into her half-dragon form. Something was off, this was more than just enslavement.

Zaleria sat on the chair and sighed in relief. Cracked her neck and closed her eyes. Gracie was standing behind Cain and staring at his back.

"What did you do to me?" Lola growled with a deep voice as she wished she could rip his head off.

"You can't use any of your abilities, fight, transform, or even hibernate without my permission. I also made it so you can only communicate with the people I allow you to, and, you can't refuse orders that I approve of." Cain explained briefly as he sat on his chair.

"Release me, NOW!" she growled at him. She banged the table with her hand and curled into a ball as she almost broke her wrist. Her power was compromised to the level of a normal human girl.

"No, can't trust you yet." Cain said as he stood and looked at Gracie and Zaleria, "Let's go, she needs time to process her situation."𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"Stop there we still…" She tried to grab him but her hand didn't move. "Just…you!" She growled thinking of a way to persuade him to hear her.

Zaleria turned around and looked at her as Cain and Gracie left the room. "If you became obedient, you will be allowed outside this room and into his house." She then left.

Lola was left alone in the room to think about her situation.

Cain opened the gate toward the mansion and then got back.

Gracie turned toward Cain, "I will go back to work, please call me if you needed anything." She then left after Cain gave her permission.

Zaleria stretched her arms as she sat on Cain's bed, "We finished quickly, have anything planned for the day?"

Cain sat beside her, "Nothing…need me?" He quickly caught up.

Zaleria stared at the dancing flames in the fireplace. "Where are we going from now on?" she asked with a worried face.

"To the elvish kingdom. Need to keep pressing forward…" He replied looking out the window.

"Not talking about that…Tonight they decided it was Hati and Skoll. Tomorrow is me…Can we go to my hut before?" She said with a hesitant face.

Cain stared at her for a moment and then smiled, "So that's what you wanted… I expected you will want it in the red dragon style."

Zaleria blushed staring at the ceiling, "Yeah, we must clear a wide area. Otherwise will cause a lot of damage."

"Are you sure it's fine to fight beside you hut? We can go to a more deserted place." Cain replied with a smile, "Or do want the advantage of your lair?" He grinned.

"I won't lie, that's my plan. I'm going to fight back as hard as I can, show me that you're far stronger than me… Well, I know that so you only have to demonstrate it." She laid her head on his shoulder.

Cain patted her head, "You reds are really picky, why fight if you know the result?"

Zaleria pouted, "It's ceremonial as much as functional. You humans can't marry without dancing, so we can't marry without fighting."

Cain stood up, "Then let's go clear the place, I want to get back before dusk to start the night early."

Zaleria stood and stretched her arms, "Yeah, let's start. Don't forget to inform everyone." She flicked her fingers and opened a portal to her Hut.

"Will do with [Message later]"

Both she and Cain went in to prepare the place.

…

At dusk, Cain and Zaleria returned covered in dirt and dust from digging and flattening the forest around her lair. "Home…" Cain sat on a chair exhausted.

Zaleria stared at him with a confused face, "You're the one who said it's fine to decorate, I told you to just pull the trees out."

Cain glared at her, "Can't the place look ugly, isn't the whole point making a good memory for you?"

"I will remember flames and blood more than such things…"

"Yeah…let's go take a bath. We stink!" Cain said standing up.

…

After informing the maids, they told him that Hati has just entered the bath. She was 'PREPARING' for the night. They can either wait or get in anyway.

Cain and Zaleria entered immediately.

Inside the bath, Cain walked in. Stretching his arms after cleaning himself thoroughly, he headed toward the hot tub.

Inside Hati spotted him enter and jolted up. Covering her chest and private area with her hands, she stared at him with a blush. He could clearly see her nine tails wage behind her like a fan. "Cain…" She gasped.

"Yes, it's me, Cain Lisworth," Cain replied with a smile and approached her.

Seeing his face like that, she relaxed her hands and smiled. "Didn't expect you to be back so soon?" she smiled.

"Why wouldn't I be back early with you waiting?" He smiled at her.

She turned around and sat in the water, "W-what can…I know…"

"(She's been waiting for you since you left, don't let her deceive you)" Skoll took over Hati's body, "(Every five minutes she walks to the door, give it a look and get back to her room)"

Hati stood up immediately her whole head beet red and her legs shaking, "Sister! You two was…" Before she could finish, Skoll took control again "(Been waiting for you all day dear, Can we do it now?)"

"Sister I hate you!" Hati cried, "(And you're fun to tease)" Skoll replied to her.

As he listened to the two sister bicker, fighting among themselves. He sat in the water and relaxed. At that time Zaleria also entered and sat in the water without the sisters realizing.

"What are they doing?" She glared at them. "Playing with each other," Cain replied with a smile.

"Cain!(Cain)" It was weird hearing two voices come from Hati's mouth at the same time. "Who would get to be the first? (Who would get to be the first?)"

It was then they noticed Zaleria being there and they took a step backward in shame, were they fighting in front of her?

"Let me see, you two share the same body…aren't both going to be the first?" He asked but they didn't respond, they kept staring at Zaleria.

Cain turned toward Zaleria and pulled her near him, "Maybe her as you two don't seem to respond."

That snapped them back to reality.