Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿513 Hati/Skoll night I

"When one of us is controlling, the other is watching from our eyes," Hati said with a pouting facing. "(You could say that we're slowly getting used to switching often as well)" Skoll took over for a moment.

Cain stared at them with a worried face, he did have a bad feeling but couldn't pinpoint what it was.

Zaleria blinked once and asked with a passive face, "Are you sleeping for longer?"

As if something clicked in his head, Cain turned toward Zaleria "Exhaustion from having two people use a single brain…That would be…" As Cain was about to start Hati grabbed him by the head. Her nails slightly extended and poked into his scalp.

"Don't you think this isn't the time?"

Cain laughed, "Okay, I will stop. You decided what will do now."

Hati and Skoll stared at him and then sat beside him in the water. Silence finally fell with both Cain and Zaleria relaxing. Hati slowly leaned on Cain's side feeling his arm with her chest.

For the most time, Cain showed no reaction. He just sat there and left Hati to get comfortable on her own.

"Am I getting in the way?" Zaleria asked looking at Hati who only hugged Cain's side.

Hati seemed to panic for a moment, "No, it's not like that…" She blushed, it was the exact opposite. If she was the only one, she wouldn't muster the courage to do anything.

"We've been here for a while, let's go get dinner and head to my room. We can take a maid in as well, right?" Cain looked at Hati with a smile.

"Yes…thanks," Hati replied with a smile. "(Just bring anyone, she doesn't seem to see me as encouragement)" Skoll replied and Hati jumped up, "You always…"

Cain patted her back. "Calm down, will get to those things later.

…

Later that night, in Cain's room. He was waiting for Hati to arrive. They had agreed that she will choose and bring the maid who will be helping her tonight.

He didn't wait too long, to hear the door slowly open. Hati poked her head inside to check if he was there. She saw him sitting on the bed staring at her directly.

As she slowly pushed the door open, he could see Katherine behind her. "You ready?"

Hati looked behind her at the smiling Katherine, the maid nodded so they both looked at Cain.

He stood up with a gentle smile, "Close the door and get in."

Katherine slowly pushed the door closed.

Cain walked toward them and flicked his finger, a blue door appeared out of thin air surprising Katherine. [Lisworth's magnificent mansion]

"We're going there?" Hati stared at him, why not here in his room?

"We can have more privacy there. You know, here Zaleria, Sofia, Nemmoxon, and Mary are listening." Cain reminded them.

They both followed him silently inside, he closed the gate.

Cain stretched his arms, "Feel free to do as you liked here, we're completely alone." He turned toward them and they both blushed for a moment.

Hati wiggled a bit, something got in her mind as she smiled at Cain. "Can we…you know…(She wants a kiss!)" Skoll ruined it for her immediately. She was getting impatient after letting Hati go first.

Cain took two quick steps toward her. Lifted her chin up. "Told you not to worry." Their lips connected before she could know it.

As she felt his lips on hers, she relaxed for a moment enough to forget about Skoll. Yet she wasn't ready to feel his tongue slowly push into her mouth.

As she tried to back down, a hand grabbed the back of her head pushing her forward. "Just relax." Katherine was the one pushing her. Cain's hands rested on the edge of her slender waist.

After about a minute, they finally separated and she was already feeling a bit dizzy.

"Master, me too." Katherine approached him. Unlike Hati, she opened her mouth ever so slightly, licking the edge of his lips before pushing inside for a deeper kiss.

Cain's hands felt her bosom that pushed against his sternum. The two mounts felt soft, yet a bit flexible.

When Cain thought Katherine was about to let go, she pushed again into his mouth. She didn't seem keen on stopping unless he backed away first. Which he did and carried them both in his arms. Cheating a bit with [Telekinesis]

As they were heading toward the master bedroom. Hati asked Cain to let her walk. He let her on the ground as well as Katherine just before the door.

"Let's get started," Cain said and the two girls followed him inside.

"Should we take our clothes now?" Asked Hati.

Cain looked at them. Katherine was still in her maid uniform while Hati was wearing a white one-piece gown. "No, come with me."

Cain sat on the bed and helped sit on his lap facing him. With a gentle pull, he got her head closer to him to go for another kiss.

Katherine kneeled between Cain's legs and right behind Hati. She unzipped his pants and took the meat chunk out in her mouth without hesitation.

After giving Hati a solid kiss enough to disorient her a bit, he went for her neck and collarbone. Gently kissing and licking them. Even though he was trying to be gentle, with each move Hati cried "Ah!" as if being poked by needles.

Just above Katherine's head, she could see a dark spot slowly painting the peach there.

Cain then went to slowly pull the gown over her chest. Revealing two pure white mounds with pink tops. He gently licked the top before giving it a teasing bite. "Not there!" She moaned, so Cain did again.

Now, it was time. Cain lifted her up a bit and Katherine took the hint and stopped. She instead grabbed Hati's one-piece gown and pulled it all the way down. She then quickly took the last layer to reveal a pink rose with nectar dripping from its still-closed petals.Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Katherine gently oriented Cain and made sure he won't miss as Hati seed to unconsciously writhe her lower body. She wondered if she was doing it on purpose or just that her legs aren't able to carry her anymore. That was before she noticed Cain carrying her all up.

"AH!" Hati moaned as she felt a little bit pass in. Her strength prevented her from feeling any pain from such a thing. Yet, that tingling feeling only jolted harder from her inside.

With each little bit pushed in, her body trembled, and drool dripped from her open lips with a deep "Ahh!"

As Cain was all in, the last jolt took her by surprise as he touched something far inside. She fell flat on his chest, her nails digging into his shoulder as her lower half trembled violently. A clear stream seeps from her as her tows twisted inward.

"Are you all right?" Cain whispered in her ear.

With a trembling voice, she replied, "Ah-again…"

Cain licked her ear, his hand caressing her still-shaking peach. "What did you say?"

"Again…" She repeated.

Cain licked her lips and went for another kiss, "Say it louder."

She pushed her tongue deep into his mouth. After a few moments, she pulled her mouth and stared into his eyes.

"I like that, please do it again…" She went for the kiss on her own.