Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

﻿514 Hati/Skoll night II

Gently and carefully, Cain slowly lifted her shaking hips up. "Agraaa!" Hati growled as she felt him slowly glide out.

She caressed his arms with her hands, slowly pushing herself down.

"How do you feel?" Cain whispered in her ear. "I'm fine, you can move." She replied relaxing her head on his chest.

"AGHA!" She cried feeling him grab her nine tails, she never knew the base could feel like that.

"You like that?" He started rubbing the base of her nine tails while slowly going faster.

Katherine backed away to let them, her role had ended. She expected it to be harder but Hati managed to fare well on her own. All she had to do now is sit on the couch and wait for her turn.

Writhing, Hati clung to his neck. In a swift move, she licked the back of his ear humping with his movements. Something was slowly building inside her belly, a deep sensation that she had felt a few moments before.

As the tingling grew stronger, as did her hunger to itch it. "Harder…" She unconsciously groaned, he was the only thing to heal that itch.

Cain clutched her buttocks and jammed two fingers into her rear end. He was already moving fast enough, if she wanted it harder, the only option for him was to get bigger. In a single thrust, he increased his size a bit enough to make her gasp.

"Ah! This is it…this is it…" She moaned biting his neck. That only pushed Cain to move a bit faster.

"Come here." He pulled her head and stuck his tongue inside her mouth, "You getting tighter, it's almost there." He whispered

She started moving faster, her limit was near and Cain wasn't giving her a chance to slow down. Eventually, a pulse traveled through her spine and the tingling in her belly spiked.

Cain did one last powerful thrust as he gave her time to catch her breath. "That…was…"

Before she could finish, Cain flipped her onto the bed and went in again. She had finished but not him.

He grabbed her by the ankles and started thrusting as fast as he could. Her whole body blushed red as she covered her face with her arm. Her boson remained exposed and he enjoyed watching the mounds bounce.

Katherine who was watching from the side-line frowned. For a moment she thought it was her turn but he went for Hati. Her patience was running dry as her hand unconsciously started moving under her skirt. Her breath grew heavier as she imagined him hammering her down like that, she wished him to get done with Hati faster.

Cain eventually finished with Hati, releasing what he had inside her. She made a few deep sights as she let the experience sink in, it was better than she expected yet more exhausting. She needs to rest a bit before switching with Skoll.

"Master," Katherine went in quickly without giving Cain time to rest, not that he needed that with his stamina.

As he turned toward her, she went on her knees and took his meat into her mouth. She wasn't thinking and did it instinctively, that was what she felt right.

Cain wasn't the one to turn her down so he let her do what she likes, she kept sucking for a while. Her skills never matched Sofia but they were definitely better than Alice's.

Cain grabbed her by the hair and started moving slowly, her throat was soft but he could feel a slight string from her teeth. As he was about to release, he tried to pull out but she grabbed him in place.

She gulped every drop down before releasing him, she was ready for him.

Cain gently lifted her to the bed and laid her beside the resting Hati. Katherine was still in her maid outfit so Cain slowly lifted her skirt up.

Her white panties were drenched wet as she played with herself earlier.

Looking at her reddish face, tanned thighs, and quivering eyes. Cain leaped into her flower licking it up from above the panties.

"Master…please…" She tried to push his head up but it was no use. She didn't have the strength or the willpower to resist him. Each move of his tongue sent ripples across her body and caused her to feel light-headed. Did she really hesitate last time, had she known it was like this, she would have jumped right in.

Cain gently pulled his lips away, grabbed her panties, and slowly pulled them off. He laid a kiss on her feet before throwing the panties away. He then went back in licking her directly and she cried "AGRA! No…stop…" The more she resisted, the harder he went.

This wasn't what she expected, she couldn't bear herself to ask her master to do such a thing. The only she could do was tell him to stop, while inside she wished he never dose. Cain was reading that up and going in further.F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Cain was well aware that with her stamina, she could never get him off like Hati or the other girls. This made his goal to give her as much pleasure as he could.

Cain finally let her lower part free, he immediately raised to her face and locked her mouth with a deep kiss. His hardness pushed on her edge slightly as if intimidating her inside. Katherine couldn't think straight for the moment, she opened her mouth as wide as she could and started sucking on his lips.

He slowly pushed into her, making sure to control his size and strength to match her body. Hammering her with the same strength he used for Hati could kill her.

Cain carefully watched her face as he accelerated, to him this was like handling a really fragile piece of glass which he could call more stressful than he wanted. Yet, Katherine seemed to take it well, she was both stronger and flexible.

Seeing her doing well, Cain decided to flip her around to stand on four limbs. Pulling by the arms, he started thrusting. "AH! AH! AH! AH! AH! AH! AH! AH! AH!" Unlike Hati or Cain, she didn't sit silent, moaning with each thrust, she was extremely vocal.

"Do you like it?" Cain whispered in her ears, "Yeeeesssss!" She barely spoke as her mind slowly blanked. The moment she writhed, and the dam broke, Cain released a load into her with a deep groan.

As he let go of her hand, her face fell on the bed drooling as she panted for air. This was an experience she wished to never end.

As Cain sat to rest, he felt two hands grab him from the back. "(Cain, can you do me next?)" Skoll was out, she had a different vibe than Hati.

Cain could still go, and he smiled, "Of course, let's start."

Skoll smiled, She slowly bent down, "First, let me apologize for touching your soul last time." She gently pecked his foot.

Cain almost immediately pulled away as he felt a weird sense of danger, she wasn't like the other two girls.

She quickly grabbed his knees and slid her face to his meat. She took a deep sniff and licked it… "(Poor, poor sister, she missed this taste.)"