Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

﻿515 Lord Amaya Bennett

"Can you calm down a bit?" Cain said staring at Skoll writhing up his torso.

She smiled thrusting her nose into his chest, "(I rarely get out, sensory stimulation like those are hard for me to resist.)" She gave his nipple a gentle bite rubbing herself on his thigh.

"Fine," Cain pulled her up and lifted one of her legs…he was to give her the same treatment as her sister… But…for a moment he felt something in the back of his head.

'What was that…probably nothing' He ignored it as he sensed nothing important.

Cain slowly pushed into Skoll, "Ah!" he groaned, strangely enough, Skoll felt tighter than Hati even though they share the same body. He pressed his body into her locking her mouth in a deep kiss.

"Ah! AH! Ah! Give me more!" she moaned, each thrust sending electric shocks into her brain.

Cain licked her ear and whispered gently, "Hold tight." He grabbed her buttock with both hands and started thrusting as fast as he could jumping her inside and making her fill dizzy.

Katherine woke up from the bed shaking and saw Cain hammering Skoll. "Going for another round?" She mumbled, "Better keep another for me."

She immediately took her maid's clothes off only leaving her thigh-high stocking and garter belt.

She slowly approached them and hugged them from the back, licking the back of his shoulder she whispered, "Leave me some."

Feeling sandwiched between two, Cain unconsciously started moving faster. Skoll's inside felt as if they were about to melt from the constant stimulation.

The two of them kept going as hard as they could, until Cain felt a slight headache that pulled him back to reality, it was the same strange feeling again.

…

Deep into the maze, Amaya stared blankly at a wall. A stream of necrotic magic dripped from her eyes.

"Cain! Cain!" Bela tried to contact Cain but her signal was getting broken (She usually needs to go through Amaya to contact Cain). Something was happening to Amaya.

"Mother, she is slowly getting consumed by the necrotic magic," Jella said with a worried face.

Amaya's body slowly got covered with a dark purple-ish haze of magic. Her polymorph that Cain spent a lot on making has started to melt down revealing her rotten skin and bones.

Bela quickly turned around with a worried face, "I'm not a necrotic expert, damn it!" She swung her hand and tried to control Amaya's necrotic magic.

"Jella, you're an ice devil, can't your curse do anything?" She cried.

Jella took a few steps ahead and extended her hand, "Doubt it, my curse is only to freeze things." She nonetheless started helping her mother keep Amaya under control.

Inside Amaya's mind, something fundamental was changing.

'What is this…it's dark, cold…' She thought staring at an empty dark valley of jagged stones and cracks. A glass shard glowed brightly in the sky as it approached a gigantic octopus-like monster. Amaya felt her chest tighten each moment, and she fell to her knees panting…

"Raiser, please stay calm." An undead, shadowy soldier covered her with his cap.

She slowly glared up and couldn't recognize him, but his cap was warm. "That thing is eternal, it is interfering with our connection to the phylactery." The soldier said pointing toward the octopus-like monster.

"W-what should I do?" Amaya asked, her body freezing.

The soldier shook his head, "Finish what you're doing, and retain a phylactery of your own."

Amaya was an intelligent idea created by Cain, her soul was trapped inside his body and got projected into her body. He was her phylactery.

Now that Skoll was getting closer to him, the Fenrir shard started interfering with his signals. This generally went unnoticed, but for Amaya whose life depended on him, it was a danger she never faced before.

Amaya stood up, 'I should focus, stay stable and ignore the cold.' She thought and her body started to feel light.

Unconsciously, Amaya who has been gaining EXP nonstop has started evolving. And the evolution wasn't normal, it was the birth of a monster that the world wasn't ready for.

Her link with all the undead got stronger, the same signal she used to control then started being used to draw from them. Bela was the first one to feel the impact of Amaya and fell to the ground.

"Mother!" Jella rushed to check on her, she looked fine but unresponsive.

"Aaaaa!" Amaya started growling, as did Bela and all the undead linked with her.

The dark aura around Amaya finally started to fade, her eyes lit again with a necrotic flame as she looked back. "We…" She growled, "All…" Bela added, "One…" the hordes of undead said.

With her real soul trapped inside Cain, Amaya started using all of the undead linked with her as a second phylactery and a direct part of her. This meant that she became one with all the undead, they all were Amaya Bennett.

Bela opened her eyes feeling dizzy and saw Amaya staring at her, "What did you do?"

Amaya waved her head, "I don't know but…I seem to have evolved." She helped Bela out.

Jella glared at Amaya, "What was that just now, all of you spoke at the same time."

"I…merged them into me…we're all a single big undead." Amaya replied

----------------------------

Skills:𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

[Hive mind] Amaya can tap into the network of brains in her undead army at any time she wishes. This gives the undead lord Amaya exceptional processing and thinking prowess.

[Second Phylactery] A king live by his people, and an undead lord can't die as long as a single undead from his hive remains alive. Destroying a lord's phylactery do nothing but weaken him.

[Rejuvenation] If her phylactery (The caster Cain Lisworth) is still alive. (Amaya's soul is still located inside Cain.). A destroyed Amaya gains a new body within 1~10 days, regaining all its stats and becoming active again. The new body appears within 5 feet of the caster Cain naturally. Otherwise, he can just create a new body for her with a fresh corpse and [Create Undead]

[Turn resistance] Amaya has resistance to any effect that turns the undead because her soul is kept safe inside the caster Cain.

[Undead nature]: Amaya doesn't require air, food, drink, or sleep. Her MP acts as SP. If her MP dropped to 0, she will start absorbing MP from the caster Cain Lisworth. If denied access, Amaya's body will start perishing.

[Undead Infection] Living people that were killed by Amaya rise as undead after a day if not prevented with magical means.

[Undead Horror] A mix between 20 constitutions and being undead. Amaya's severed body parts stay alive. She can move them at will.

[Forced Power] Amaya can use her strength to forcefully dislocate or break her own bones in exchange for greater flexibility and dexterity (Dexterity stat becomes equal to strength stat). Doing this will damage her body.

[Prestigious Corpse] Other unintelligent undead will take Amaya in high regard and obey her orders. Unless they were controlled by a stronger entity.

----------------------------