Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿519 Cain Vs Zaleria I

Cain lifted his staff and waved around [Sleep] [Enchanting] [Enchanting] [Enchanting] [Enchanting] [Enchanting] [Enchanting] [Enchanting] [Enchanting] He immediately buffed the spell to the ninth level aiming to at least get Zaleria a bit drowsy and disturb her senses.

The moment the spell hit her, Cain felt his magic failing. It wasn't that she blocked the spell. The spell worked but the increased heat inside her body was preventing her metabolism from slowing down.

He flew away with [Thunder Step] and started charging a spell in the blink of an eye. Zaleria took that small window of time to open her jaw and released a fire breath at him.

Engulfed in the red flash and scorching heat, Cain teleported away and flew to the sky. [Elemental Burst: Lightning fall]

Dark clouds covered the sky as thunder roared. Bolts of lightning flashed the sky white in a magnificent glow. "FALL!" Cain yelled as hundreds of lightning bolts rushed toward Zaleria.

Zaleria stood on the ground, lifted her massive head up, and started collecting the heat inside her chest. The lightning bolts struck her but she didn't care. All they did was heat her body further and then get dispersed into the ground.

Her chest glowed white from the heat, it quickly crept to her neck as her heartbeats grew louder. Her Draconis fundamental roared in rage going all out.

For a moment, her roar deafened the thunder, and her white flash of her killed the heavenly lightning as the gargantuan pillar of white flames raised to the sky hitting Cain.

The mere heat from it was enough to scorch the edges of the forests, every animal that was watching have gotten bound by the flash.

At Furberg, the sky turned black as a white pillar appeared in the distance for a moment. Every mage worth his salt could tell it was a red dragon, Zaleria's raw presence seeped for hundreds of miles from the sheer power she could generate.

Sofia glared out of the window, "Grandma, this is…" She couldn't believe what she was feeling. Zaleria has never gone all out to protect those around her. Had she used this heat, those around her would have been scorched to ash. Sofia looked at Selena and Alice standing beside her.

She could vividly remember all of Zaleria's fights. When they faced the earth dragon, she was amazed she could brawl with such a monster. When they faced the great wyrm, she hand stood her ground. As if stats meant nothing to her flames, the heat wasn't quantified in the system and she was using it to get more power behind her attacks.

Yet, that magnificent pillar of pure white draconic flames suddenly splashed as a second push of unknown magic raised. Only those akin to it could tell, that was Cain's magic swelling, the abominable chimera was descending from the sky.

Zaleria glared at the clouds and hundreds of tentacles appeared as the chimera descended. That was Cain's true form. She had forgotten he wasn't a human anymore, just like her, he was a monster that never go all out not to hurt others.

She giggled for no reason when she saw the chimera's face. She quickly punched her own face to wake up, just gazing upon Cain was enough to drain the sanity from unwary creatures. Yet she wasn't such an easy target.

Flapping wings she flew up like a ball of flames. ROAR! She swung a fist at the chimera's chest. At that moment, tentacles tied her in place from every limp as Cain tried to cast [Dominate monster] on her.

Zaleria roared as flames gushed from her scales, her jaws and claws went ballistic biting and clawing his tentacles away. To her surprise, Cain tasted like squid mixed with draconic flesh. She could smell her sister in his flesh which made it more unpleasant to eat but did it anyway.

With her roar, the battlefield glowed red as hundreds of Lava spears emerged from the ground. She placed the traps earlier. Every spear flew aiming at Cain's head.

A prismatic barrier protected him immediately as blood dripped from his torn tentacles. The circle of pure magic behind his body glowed goldenly.

[Burning Feet] Zaleria flapped her wings as hard as she can and flew at Cain's arm with a jet of explosive red flames from her hind feet. Her jaws immediately connected with his arm and bit it off in a single rush.

Blood splattered down as the prismatic barrier shattered and Cain got hit with the lava spears. Zaleria grinned looking back at him, she had gotten a solid hit.

Cain swung his massive Chimera hand and punched her to the ground with a massive [Telekinesis] pulse. BAM! BAM! BAM! He swung over and over as if wanting to squash her flat. Yet, each time his hand went down, he felt like punching a solid rock.

BOOOM! A fiery explosion glowed from around Zaleria as she roared, then the entire place froze alongside Cain's arm. She glared up at him, one of her wings twisted backward, her tail snapped in the middle and is already turning blue.

Cain shifted back to his humanoid form, his body wasn't in a good condition either. He had lost everything below his left knee and his right foot had multiple chunks missing. His left arm was torn off above the elbow and his right arm had been half frozen and barely holding his staff.

His face had multiple burn marks and his right eye was closed shut. The damage the chimera sustained appeared on his humanoid body.

He silently glared back at her, magic dripping from his left eye. [Telekinesis] [Gravity sinkhole] [Enchanting] Zaleria's body got pulled toward Cain in a flash, he then threw her in the other direction. Such a massive dragon started forcibly orbiting Cain and she had her body dragged onto the ground.

[Burning feet] Zaleria counted Cain's pull with a jet of flames and then swung a claw at him as hard as she could muster. Cain let go of his staff and it started floating around his body, he was finally trying to imitate his master's way of using magic.

Air was filled with humidity, and Zaleria's flames smells of sulfur. A small spark of lighting flashed around Cain to break down the water in the air and forcibly mix the results into Zaleria's blazing claw to extract the sulfur…This volatile action caused the creation of sulfuric acid on Zaleria's claws burning them.

The reaction quickly covered her whole body in acid, the more she struggled to release her flames, the more sulfuric acid got created burning her more. This was a trick that Morena was developing to kill Zaleria and it was effective.Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Zaleria growled as her scales got corroded down, "Do you think this will take me down?" She growled freezing the whole place. She rushed toward Cain in a last struggle to take him down.

She opened her jaw to bite him off with a roar, "You fell for it." Cain smiled…

Zaleria got forcibly turned into her humanoid form and fell on her face on the ice. Her body felt heavy, she was freezing to death. She started to feel drowsy and her head started throbbing. Now that her body cooled down, Cain could influence her metabolism. If she turned her flames on, she will get hit with the acid, if she doesn't he will freeze her to death.

Cain looked at her down, she wasn't done yet as there was still a fighting spirit in her eyes.