Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

﻿520 After the Clash

Zaleria lifted her head glaring at his face, a green spark in her eyes. Her lips slowly moved. A red spark glowed in her throat. [Hellish Storm: Instant]

This was a ninth-tier spell. Using it like this was bound to knock Zaleria out as Cain was sure she already used her quick-casting buff. The last struggle that can get them both killed.

[Hellish storm] was a simple spell that released all of the user's MP and ignited it instantly. Such flames will combust with the surrounding MP and the MP belonging to anyone there to explode.

'Using such a spell was stupid, there was no point in this fight if one of us died. That's why I didn't use [Meteor Fall]' Cain frowned, he need to prevent Zaleria from fully releasing the spell.

[Feeblemind] He immediately used it, the magic which can turn people senile for a short while. Such a spell can't be used against determined creatures (Having high wisdom like Alice or a single-minded goal like Selena) or people that the caster isn't familiar with. It's also ineffective against people's mental illnesses due to incompatibility (Like Kayden or Lola, those two can resist it naturally).

Zaleria immediately blanked out for a moment, her mind couldn't count between one and two. She forget her name and what she was even doing there, how many years it has been. She glared up, Cain's remaining food was falling down to knock her out.

Ba-dump! Her heart pounded sending fresh blood across her body, her mind went senile and her body has reached twilight. Each nerve on her body screamed, her muscles didn't give up and flame exploded behind her back.

With the sulfur acid eating her back, Zaleria's head charged toward Cain's foot with flames dripping from her sharp teeth.

Cain didn't have the time to dodge or move away, she took off a chunk of his sole and charged up head-butting him in the face. His mind blanked for a moment, this was bad. He didn't expect her to react even after being senile.

It was then, his hand quickly moved to grab Zaleria by the neck. "Sister, go to sleep!" Morena sails through Cain with a smile. All of his brains have been knocked out beside hers which survived.

BAM! She head-butted Zaleria straight in the face knocking her out.

The fight was over and Cain is the winner.

'To think she knocked us all out…' Morena growled trying to wake the first or second brain but they were unresponsive at the moment, even Gray was out as well. She survived due to the resilient draconic nature of her brain.

~Hey, blonde girl. Hurry and heal us~ She called Alice.Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

At that moment, Alice appeared from Cain's shadow with Gracie at her side. She bore a scared face glaring at Cain's torn-off body.

"Are all right?" She rushed toward him almost crying."

"Bring the medical team!" Gracie shouted and a horde of succubi emerged from her shadow with the necessary items to patch and carry the two.

Cain slowly faced Alice bleeding from his nose and arms, "No am not fine, do want me to punch you?"

Alice glared at him, "Morena? I see, it's as severe as it looks." Alice understood immediately that the talking one wasn't Cain but Morena. She then hurried to start healing them, at least stop the bleeding.

The succubi rushed to get both Cain and Zaleria patched up. Melissa flew from Gracie's shadow and started splashing the whole place with water to put out the flames and dilute the acid in the battlefield as its fumes started becoming dangerous.

…Two hours later, Cain woke up in his room with Alice sitting beside him. He could sense Zaleria sleeping in the next room with some succubi and Ariel.

"Are you all right?" Alice looked at Cain's face with a smile as the fading dusk light passed through the window.

Cain looked at her and then sat up, "I'm Alice so that's a good thing, didn't expect her to punch through Feeblemind." Cain scratched his head. He then noticed that his lost arm and leg have regrown back.

"I and Ariel did that, it's nice isn't it?" She smiled holding Cain's hand.

Feeling much better already, Cain stood up and stretched his arms. He was a bit hungry after such a fight. He also wanted to relax in the bath before the night. Zaleria was bound to wake up soon, she was built differently.

Cain went into the kitchen with Alice, Ellie was the one cooking and she rushed at him immediately. "What did you do? I saw them bring you in half-dead." She inspected his body from head to toe. She secretly tried to sniff him for blood but Alice caught her.

"Ellie, just ask. But he's recovering so it's better to wait until tomorrow." Alice smiled pulling Ellie by the frills of her maid uniform. This little vampire was a bit overboard at some times.

Ellie gave Cain a sad look and then glared at Alice.

Cain sighed sitting on the wooden table, "Fine, you can join me tonight. But for now, give me something to eat."

Ellie smiled with her cheeks blushing red, "As you wish!" she leaped back into the kitchen to get the dinner ready. Alice sat beside Cain and smiled, "Too much to take care of?"

Cain grinned, "There is only one night a day, and I only have one after all…wait…I should be able to take care of that!" Something clicked in his head, this was a ridiculous idea but it could help.

"Say, Alice…I want to try something that you might not like. Care to join me in the bath?" His mind started working toward expanding multi-tasking skills with the help of his special body.

Alice smiled, "You don't have to ask, I will get the other in as well if that's to your liking. What should we expect?" She asked, "Painful?"

"I would say uncomfortable, to some of you it might be an instant regret and to other, it might be a good thing." He replied as what he was going to do might not be to everyone's taste.

"I see, I leave you to eat and will go call the others." Alice stood with a smile and headed upstairs to check on the other girls and call them to the bath.

Selena was in the maze exchanging punches with Chad who was teaching her the dance he learned from the capital dancer. "What are you doing?" Alice asked.

"Training-nya!" Replied Selena. "Beating my son's wife," Chad replied trying to joke but Alice just sighed. "I don't think you have touched her once though…" Chad was strong enough to keep Selena on edge just with Feints and light jabs.

She then went into the Alchemy room where she heard that Sofia was doing something suspicious.

As Alice entered the lab, she saw Olivia in her underwear sitting behind Sofia giggling as they dripped Acid on a growling corpse. "This one is a failure, your turn," Olivia said throwing a glass tube into the trash.

Sofia lifted her hand and Acid poured from her hand, GRAAA! The corpse growled as the flesh melted and the bones appeared. "This is better that what you made, now watch the trick." Sofia grabbed a glass of water and poured it on the wound, the acid started immediately boiling.

Olivia smiled and jumped in excitement, "I see, you can't even wash this off safely!"

"What are you two doing?" Alice said from behind and the two jolted.