Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿521 Collecting the pieces

As Sofia jumped in fear, she dropped the acid all over her body and screamed. Her clothes started melting but she was fine. "Alice, this is the eighth one!" She cried pointing at the pile of clothes in the large bin in the corner.

"She's right, we've burned through enough." Olivia turned to face Alice. Surprisingly, even though she got surprised. Her hand never moved and kept the glass tube perfectly still.

Alice stared at them, "What are you two doing with a corpse?"

Sofia scratched her cheek, "Witchcraft…testing if I could completely melt a body with acid."

"Lady Sofia seems to be able to create any acid she consumed with her breath or skin. I thought I should be able to brew a strong acid for her to use…" Olivia pointed toward the lab counter filled with small bottles.

Sofia quickly pulled her burned clothes over her head and threw them in the trash, "I could just melt a body by reapplying the acid but that takes too much MP than just creating a more powerful acid." She sighed stretching her arms and sitting on a chair, "I even tried using boiling acid…that didn't work."

Alice could understand where Sofia was coming from. She can't just suck Cain dry each time she needed more MP. "I can understand. But now, Cain is going to test something in the bath and wants us to be his test subjects. Want to try?"

Sofia smiled "Well, of course, count me!" She jumped and was rushing to the door but Alice stopped her.

"I will get one of the maids to bring you clothes, just sit tight." Alice went out to find a maid to do that.

On her way, she met Gracie standing with Everly sharp. They seemed to be arguing over something, no it was like Gracie silently intimidating Everly.

"Sorry, I didn't mean to do that…" Everly seemed to be about to cry.

"But you did…it can't be fixed and that book was expensive. We need to inform either Sebas or Master Cain." Gracie said with a passive face as she turned around to leave.

"Please no!" Everly grabbed Gracie's hand and started trying to stop her. "Don't tell them…"

"No…I will…" Gracie just turned her head briefly and then kept walking as if nothing happened.

Everly started to cry as she did her best to stop Gracie.

"What is happening?" Alice asked and Everly leaped in fear, "Lady Alice…" she seemed even more terrified.

Gracie looked toward Alice and showed her a book dripping with tea. "She destroyed an expensive book that she rented and needs to pay…but can't." Alice grabbed the book from Gracie and gave a quick look.

At that moment Everly let go of Gracie and leaped to snatch the book from Alice in a quick move.

Alice was a devil, such moves seemed to slow to her. Thud! In a single step, she tripped Everly to the ground and stepped on her head. "Stay like this or I'm going to punish you for attempting to attack me…" Alice opened the book and read the title.

---------------------

Honey drop: Maid and Master.

A love story between a maid and her master as the evil mistress tries to kill her….

---------------------

Alice stared down at Everly…"Should I try and kill you?"

"Nooooo!" Everly cried.

Alice sighed helping Everly stand up, "I will pay for the book, for now. Go take a set of clothes to Sofia and Olivia in the lab." She moved away from Everly and let her stand.

"How much is this thing?" Alice asked with a smile looking at Gracie.

"Ten gold coins," Gracie said with a passive face as she glared at Everly.

Hearing the price, Alice felt as if she got punched in the guts. That was a lot of money for a book that isn't a spell book. Can she even pay that without asking Cain for money?

Cain didn't hold their hands on how much they can spend, but it was an untold rule to tell everyone how much money they used to keep track of the available funds.

Everly bowed slightly and rushed away, to do what Alice told her. She can't waste this chance to save herself.

Gracie walked toward Alice and took the book from her hand. "We need to tell Cain,"

Alice shakes her head, "No need for that, he already knows about it."

~I was listening, we can pay that easily~ Cain's voice rang in their heads. He should in the lower floor but he could hear them talking.

"Heard him, we just pay it and pretend that Cain never knew." Alice smiled giving the book to Gracie. "After you finish, please head to the bath. Cain is wanting to experiment with something and wants us as test subjects."F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Gracie nodded "Of course, see you there."

Alice then headed down to look for Mary but she didn't find her. By Ellie's words, she has left for the guild and hasn't returned yet. Apparently, it was an assignment from Cain.

As she could do nothing about that, she headed toward Cain's room to use the gate and head to Ourals's keep.

She appeared inside Marina's room and found her sitting at the desk with the twin maids. They seemed to be sculpting a small statue.

"What are you doing?" Alice asked with a curious gaze as she approached them from the blue glowing gate.

"Alice!" Marina turned toward Alice with a happy face and the two maids bowed as well. "What brought you here?"

"Cain wanted your help, with something. More importantly, what are you doing?" Alice cocked her head to glare at the ugly-looking statue the three were making out of clay and sticks. It was faint but it resembled Cain which was creepy.

"A statue of Cain…Remember how he said he can grant us spells if we worshipped him? We're trying to get that done." Marina smiled showing the statue to Alice.

The thing only resembles Cain vaguely. "In that case, couldn't you get a qualified person to do it?"

"Want me to ask a stranger to make a statue for Cain so I can worship him?" Marina cocked her head and gave Alice a puzzled look.

The more Alice thought about it, the weirder it sounded. "You're right…" She didn't know what to say.

"So what did Cain want?"

"He had something to test in the bath so he asked if we can be his test subjects. Care to join?" Alice said with a smile as she looked around at how much they had been playing with dirt, Marina should need a bath.

"Of course, can't let hog him all to yourselves." Marina smiled standing up, she can't let this chance slip from her hand.

Then, one of the twin maids poked her back, "Lady Marina, can we join as well?" She asked, "Yeah, can we?" The other maid asked as well.

Marina looked at them and then at Alice as if asking for help, "Can they?"

Alice thought about it for a few moments and then replied. "I don't know that he will test so it might be dangerous for you. In the worst case, you might end up enslaved or beaten to a pulp."

"Master won't do that to his wives." One of the twin maids replied and she was right. Cain will never do that…but everything was relative.

"Don't compare us to you, we're far more durable and have special powers which keep us comfortable in extreme cases," Alice replied with a sharp glare. Simply, what Selena for example will consider a light tap, is a deadly hit to the maids.

"But…" The maid gave Alice a sad look.

"Let's say this, Cain is drowning Sofia in powerful acid. To you that is deadly, but to her, it's no more than playing with warm water, she is immune to acid." Alice explained.

"What about Lady Marina?" One of the maids asked. It was then that they beat Alice's argument. Marina had no special powers and could attend, which meant Cain won't probably do anything too bad.

"Fine, but get ready to be enslaved. Information can't be leaked as well." She sighed turning around toward the gate.

"Alice, can't we just ask Cain?" Marina approached her.

"Yeah, I'm going to do that."

"It's fine…we don't mind getting enslaved." One of the maids replied, "She is right, the other one added."

"But we care, we can't just enslave everyone." Alice glared at them.