Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

﻿522 Alice's realization and enlightenment

Alice went back and looked for Hati but didn't find her anywhere in the mansion, after asking Sebas she was informed that Hati went to the forest to kill monsters. This had left only them there.

As the bath got ready, all the girls gathered in and Alice brought Cain there with her. In the changing room, they all gathered.

Cain, Sofia, Selena, Alice, Gracie, Marina, Ellie, and Olivia. Marina did ask Cain about her twin maid but he refused their participation saying it might not be good for them.

Inside the changing room. Cain sat on the bench to take his clothes off and Sofia approached him. "Are you fine? You were extremely injured when Alice brought you in." She asked with a worried face.

Cain smiled pulling her to sit on his lap, "I'm more durable than I look, I bounce back quickly." He gently patted her head. Sofia blushed for a moment but soon heard Gracie speak.

"That was mostly Alice's healing ability, try to not get injured too much next time." She glared at him as if she was going to hit him with something.

"Sorry, I will be careful next time," Cain assured her and Sofia stood.

"It won't matter-nya, he always comes back-nya." Selena immediately leaped into Sofia's place purring.

"With him getting injured like this, there will come a day when I can't heal him." Alice sighed as she took her top off and stared at them. "At least give me time to get better at healing."

Marina approached them with a smile, "Cain knows what he is doing so we better leave him to make his own choice when it comes to that."

Cain giggled, "I wouldn't say that much, I'm stupid in my own ways. Having you support me is a must."

"You take too many risks, and always end up severely injured." Alice approached him.

"I still need to get my intelligence to 60 to reach my full potential, after that it will be a race to the top." He replied in a calm manner patting Selena's back and stroking her wagging tail.Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Then we better get back to hell as quickly as possible, you need to level up." Sofia said with a smile, "The Abishai are preparing Tiamat's fortress as a base for us, we can rest there when heading back."

"They are? Color me impressed, didn't think those monsters would be able to work this eagerly." Cain looked at her with a puzzled face.

Sofia lifted her hand and a red skull appeared, "This is the purgatory shard, the symbol of Tiamat. Guess now that I have it, they see me as the new Tiamat…" She scratched her cheek sending the shard back inside her.

"So you're the chromatic dragon goddess now?" Marina asked with a puzzled face, this seemed unbelievable.

Ellie and Olivia were shaking in the background, the thought also came to their mind but it was almost hard to believe that Sofia was a god.

"Technically yes, but I'm not that powerful to claim to be such a being." Sofia blushed and Cain poked his ear, the humidity was getting to him.

"Hate to break to you but that means nothing, there is one true god and that is AO the over god. All those whom we call gods are but powerful entities claiming a rank they are not fit to stand in." He stated.

"Then what about Amaterasu? Chauntea?" Alice stared at him with a slightly angry face.

"A true god won't need mortal help to accomplish a task, he is in no need for prayer or to be named. An omniscient being who lacks nothing needs nothing owns everything, and has already done what he wants. Those so-called gods have never achieved those categories." He explained and looked at Sofia, "The previous Tiamat has died, and a god can never die. This meant she was never a true god. Don't let such a title get to you, people can still take you down."

"Didn't you say that the dragons wanted to kill all the gods?" Sofia said with a worried face, thinking they might be coming to get her as well now.

"Yeah, they want to restore the rule of AO. It's hard to believe but both Chromatic and Metallic dragons have the same goal, reclaiming AO rule. The chromatic dragons want to take it to the extreme way and kill all the other gods. While the Metallic dragons want to find a peaceful solution as AO hadn't fought for his position yet." Cain thought of Mary and her attempt to guide him to his goal, AO was the one to bless her with [Restart] which means he has started to influence the world.

"And what do you want to do?" Sofia stared at him, what was his goal in all of this?

"The reason being can reach such power to claim godhood is magic, the reason dungeon form and ravage the lands is magic, the reason tyrant monsters exist is magic. If that was erased, everything should restart with AO at the top." Cain said looking at the ceiling.

"That is…a stupid idea you know?" Alice glared at him, "Today you're alive thanks to healing magic what would happen if the magic didn't exist?"

"I wouldn't be injured in the first place, I won't go in such battles, no monster would attack us and I would have probably been a humble farmer living his life and only worrying about stepping on a stone the wrong way."

"That way, you would have never met us, to begin with," Alice replied sitting beside him.

"You're right, you would have never been cursed. You would have lived the life of a princess never looking at a commoner like me. Sofia's family would have been probably Alive, as well as mine. Selena would have never gotten out of her village as she would have been a regular human girl, the ancient lycanthropy curse would have never affected their ancestor to make the beast people. Gracie would have never suffered at the hand of Cubus as they would have never existed. And more…"

Alice went silent, a voice in her head was agreeing with Cain, but another disagreed. She quickly concluded that her devil part was the one agreeing with him, her human feeling contradicted him. With her wisdom, she concluded that as devils already hated the gods, they agreed to erase them no matter the consequences.

She scratched her head, why does she agree to kill the gods even though Amaterasu is with them? The more she thought about it, the more her mind became confused.

She can use both Curse and Holy magic, devil wings are just angel wings but without feathers. Now that her feather has grown, her wings are essentially black angel wings.

Angels serve the gods Cain calls fake, and the devils are fighting them. But, who created angels?

"Cain, who creates angels? Can the fake gods do it?" Alice asked with a worried face, the idea in her head was something she didn't want to believe.

"No, Angels are a distinct race of their own heritage that dates back to AO. Just like humans, dragons, and Elves. What they can do is create hybrid races by changing those original ones or mixing them with animals, this is called the Lycanthropy curse which existed in ancient times and was the start of demi-humans like Selena." Cain explained and patted Selena, "They can create new angels but just from the divine essence left by AO, on their own, they can't make anything new."

Alice has started to realize a fundamental piece that had bugged her for quite some time. 'Are devils then, the good guys?' She thought.