Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

﻿523 Cain can serve how much?

"Cain, do you think devils are the good guys?" Alice asked out of curiosity.

Cain looked at her as if weirded out, "No way, that old bastard Asmodeus can't be good. Devils are the evilest and most sinister if you don't know how to deal with them. Unless they are named Alice or Jella."

"I see…" Alice stared at him and then at the ground. Sofia poked her side.

"Stop the hard conversation, let's get inside, I smell of acid." Sofia pulled them into the shower room. Selena who was laying on Cain's lap banged her head on the bench and stared up in surprise. She was always on high alert, the only time she zoned like that was when she got close to Cain.

Inside the shower, Cain stood under the running warm water while Sofia made her own boiling water by running flames over the tap. Alice gently watered her wings first as their feathers could soak a lot of water, they also get quite heavy she usually cleans them first and then hides them.

Selena on the other hand was struggling to stand under the shower without playing with it, she always got the urge to strike the water droplets. Marina, Gracie, Ellie, and Olivia were the only ones taking a normal bath.

Cain and Gracie were the first ones to finish as they worked efficiently. "Master, do you have a moment?" Gracie approached Cain as soon as she saw him finish washing. He could guess what she wanted but asked anyway.

"What do you need?"

Gracie looked down with droll dripping from her lips, "Hungry…"She said with a passive face and a faint purple glow in her eyes.

Cain looked behind the other girls, "Are you fine with them here?" He especially means Ellie as last time, Gracie kicked her out before eating.

Gracie shook her head and glared at Cain, she didn't care that much. "Don't care, hungry." Was she just too hungry to care or was there something else?

"Are you too hungry? She should have some preserved." Cain asked staring at her, she looked away and spoke in a low voice.

"I gave the last snack to Melissa so she can carry you here faster. She was letting her people eat first so was still starving when I called her to carry you." Gracie explained. Cain immediately got worried, Gracie has only known Cain so she won't know about it but he was rare. What he produced is something that can't be found anywhere.

"What was her reaction?" Cain asked with a worried face.

Gracie looked to the side…"She fainted, fell on the ground writhing, and pissed herself…ended up taking longer to get you home… Was I not supposed to give it to her?" She looked sad.

"Fine, but don't give the succubus that again. It's too strong for those who aren't used to it." Cain replied.

Gracie got down on her knees, she needed to start eating. As she started sucking vigorously, the sound first attracted Ellie and Olivia's attention. Those two blushed as their faces burned red.

Olivia hid her face with her hand while Ellie stared blankly for a moment. "Head maid…what are you doing?" Ellie asked.

Gracie grabbed Cain's hips pushing him fully inside her throat. She glared at them with one eye growling. She didn't speak but Ellie understood she was saying he was her now.

"Don't worry, we won't take him from you," Ellie replied with a confused face, was it her vampire instincts she understood that? Or was it just how much she resembled Selena protecting the raw meat she occasionally steal from the kitchen?

Ellie remembered the day when Selena stole a whole bison leg from the kitchen, the maid chased her all the way to her room but couldn't get it back. Selena has sat on the corner munching on the meat and growling at any maid who approached her. She growled and roared at them, clawing with her hands to keep them away. That was to be expected as they tried to get her off the habit of eating raw meat but failed as she is supposed to eat meat raw and not cooked.

Gracie kept pushing her head back and forth at an incredible speed as if in a hurry. She wanted to get a taste as soon as possible. Eventually, Cain grunted and grabbed her by the hair, doing the last few thrusts on his own and realizing his full load deep in her throat.

Gracie didn't even need to swallow, with how long Cain was, he was releasing directly inside her throat. What she did make sure to clean was what got left inside him, she made sure to suck every last drop. Which was a scene that Ellie couldn't handle and had to look away.

Sofia, Alice, Selena, and Marina didn't seem to care that much about what Gracie did. They were used to such things.Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"We finished washing, can we get to the hot tub?" Alice asked as everyone seems to have finished washing.

They all headed toward the hot tub where they relaxed, it was then Alice asked, "What did you want to try?"

Cain looked at her for a moment and then started explaining first before saying his idea. "You know how there is a lot of you now? It's starting to take multiple days to go through all of you…"

They all nodded except Ellie and Olivia who knew no better.

"Remember how I can control myself? Make it longer or shorter?" He made his meat stick grow long enough that it peaked from the water and then retracted back.

"Ok, where is this going?" Sofia was the first one to feel that he was about to suggest something crazy.

"Listen, what if I didn't have just one…" Cain said and ten tentacles grew from the warm water scaring them off. "Hold up! Don't worry, those are actually my left foot. I have twenty tentacles as the chimera's lower half, I can modify them to be useable."

Alice glared at him, "I don't know about this…" Sofia scratched her cheek, "I don't mind giving them a try, but just one at a time, and I prefer using this one." She pointed at his original meat stick.

"I don't mind-nya!" Selena was unfazed, to her all that mattered that it was Cain.

Gracie on the other hand stared at him silently for a moment until he almost got worried. But then he noticed droll dripping from her lips and her eyes glowing purple. "Can we try it now?" she rushed and grabbed two of the tentacles almost crushing them in her palms.

"Head maid, please hold your horses!" Ellie grabbed her. "She is right, calm down a bit!" Olivia added as they got startled by Gracie's eagerness.

Gracie glared at Ellie with a hint of annoyance. She then quickly disappeared into the shadows and appeared between Cain's tentacles. "Ellie, you're obligated to try them now. I won't accept no for an answer." She growled.

Cain patted her head down, "Calm a bit."

She stared back at him, "How much can you do?" she was serious more than Cain had ever seen her before.

"Ten for each leg and my original one. That is a total of twenty-one of you. If I were to use three on each one, that would lower the count to seven. My SP can handle that well now that I have a ton of it." Cain replied.

"I see, a feast!" Gracie looked happy for some reason.