Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿524 Multiple ones I

Grabbing the two tentacles, Gracie Stared at the other girls with a blank faces.

"Hold up, you don't intend on using more than one…" Alice extended her hand toward Gracie as if trying to catch her.

"Why not? Selena always takes big bites of her meat, I can also eat as much as I can." Gracie replied as she slowly got closer to Cain.

"That is one thing and this is one thing. You can only get one in your mouth." Sofia stood up, even though she wasn't able to get more than one in her mouth.

"Am a succubus, I can feed from every hole," Gracie replied bluntly. The girls stared at Cain to say something but he just weaved his shoulders. She wasn't wrong.

The succubus gets the most nutrient when using the vaginal way. That is their main feeding way. But their mouth and backdoor can also be used as it leads into the gastrointestinal system, albeit less efficiently.

Marina gulped as she approached Cain with weary steps. "Well…guess we have no choice." She grabbed one of the tentacles with two hands and glared intensely at it "I can give it a try."

"Me too-nya!" Selena also jumped after her, she wasn't going to lose to them.

Alice and Sofia stared at them blankly for a moment before giving up. "Guess there is no other choice. Will at least try it." Alice pulled Sofia with her as she approached Cain slowly.

Grace glared at Ellie and Olivia, technically they were maids working under her so she could order them. "Come here," she called them.

"Can we skip?" Ellie said with a worried face, Olivia hid behind her.

"Of course…" Cain was about to speak but Gracie closed his mouth and replied instead. "Then no more blood for you two…" Gracie glared at them. Ellie required Cain's blood for food while Olivia needed it for her experiments.

"Hold up Gracie, you can't threaten them." Cain lifted her up with one of the tentacles. "Leave them be, you can hog all of this alone."

Gracie glared at him as her legs dangled in the air, "With only the four of us (Herself, Sofia, Alice, and Selena) you only had one. But when we got more, you created this." She stared at him patting the tentacle. "What would you make if I got you more women? Selena was right, the more the better."

"What more could you want? You can't physically support more!" Cain cried as he saw her drooling.

She kept her blank face so Cain decided to let her try.

Slowly, he lowered her to the water. He stared at them to quickly decide how much he was going to use for each of them. Gracie and Selena could probably handle three, for the rest using one and slowly getting the second in is going to be for the best.

He started with Gracie. Gently caressing her body with three of his tentacles. She moaned as she felt him gently touch her. She turned to face him, a strange look on her face.

"Ok! Ok! I understand, I will go right in." Cain sighed. Like the other girls, Gracie did a little bit of play beforehand. But now she was looking for quantity and nothing else.

Cain slowly pushed into her, his tentacles are thicker and could extend for a long distance. He slowly pushed inside her, going deeper until she cried. "Stop, that is too much…" She stared at him with a pouting face.

He then slowly forces the second one into her rear end. Surprisingly it was harder than before. "Agh!" She resisted for a moment tightening her inside before she relaxed.

The other girls watched with a complicated expressions as they didn't know what to make of that. Cain had told them that he wanted to test something so this wasn't a thing they need to use. Especially Sofia and Alice, they like more things than just being filled.

Sofia likes to feel his chest on her, his arms around her, and hear his heavy breaths behind her ear. Such things weren't possible with those tentacles. With them, she could no more suck him which has started to become a favorite of hers.

Alice as well. She likes to lay on his chest, and feel him grabbing her hair. And the tingles she could feel coursing through her spine when he nibbles on her fingers and toes were addicting. But what she favored the most, was doing it while under his control. Feeling his weight above her while she is tied and cannot move was something else.

They watched him plug Gracie's mouth as she pushed one of the tentacles down her throat. Cain started going faster and faster inside her. Her toes curled and her eyes started rolling in every direction until she reached her limit, over and over, Cain never stooped nor let her rest.

Not because he wanted, but because each time he tried to pull out, she would bite him and clench her lower half. Asking him to stay in.

After releasing twice inside her (Three each time) he finally laid her on the ground twitching. That is probably how much she can eat before reaching her limit.

Cain then turned toward Selena who was unable to wait. He hid all of his tentacles and slowly approached her.

"Aren't you going to use them?" She said sticking her chest to his.

With one hand he grabbed her left peach and with the other, he slapped the other one, "Nya!" she meowed. "Just sit still." Cain kissed her and she gave up, from this point, she preferred to let him take the lead.

Cain lifted her, with [Telekinesis] help, and laid her on the tub's edge. Gently, he lifted her legs giving her flower a long lick. She twisted her torso and tried to back but he kept her in place with [Telekinesis]ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Cain pushed two fingers into her rear end and started licking her like a madman. Selena writhed in her place "Nya! Stoop!" she grabbed his hair trying to push his head away. But since he didn't feel much force, he kept going. With her strength, she could just pick him away whenever she wants.

As she finally stopped resisting, he finally lifted his lips away from her private parts. She just lay there panting when she felt him resting his meat on her back end.

She stared up at his face as he pinned her feet together and gave them a long lick, "What…" He pushed everything into her back end in one go.

Her body twisted, her spine bent backward as her toes curled. Her sharp claws almost extended as she felt a jolt rise to her head from the tip of her tail. Cain then pushed her legs apart and fell on her big soft chest and kissed her. Her legs hugged him as he started thrusting as strongly as he can, each one made her wish he never stopped.

It was then, that she felt something strange come out of nowhere. A sizable object to the meat in her back end suddenly pierced her front causing her to climax immediately.

As the pleasure reached her head, she was abruptly woken by the feeling of Cain getting bigger inside her. In her both holes, he got just a bit bigger than what she can take and pulled out slowly, the next moment he thrust forcing everything in.

Selena climaxed immediately, that last tingle was what she need to melt.