Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Cain tried to turn Selena on her side but he failed, the strength she was clenching her legs around his waist was no joke. His only option was to keep going until she let go.

As he was going on it, he felt Marina rest her chest on his back and lick his ear, "Cain do me as well?" She whispered. This was the purpose of all of this, after all, being able to do more than one of them at a time.

Cain knew that she didn't have the endurance or the resilience of Gracie or Selena, he can't go all out as he does with them. The best he could do was give her a single tentacle to work with and increase as the need arise.

As she was rubbing her chest on his back, she felt something creep up her leg. It was one of Cain's tentacles slowly approaching the gap between her legs.

She felt her heart start pounding like drums, was this excitement or anxiety? The closer the tentacles crept on her, the louder her heartbeats got and the more anxious she got. For a moment she even held her scream, such a thing suddenly started horrifying her.

Confused at what she was feeling, she closed her eyes and bit her lip. Feeling the slimy thing push inside her made her stomach turn. The moment it got inside her, a cold feeling ran down her spine and her legs felt weak.

Emptying her bladder in fear, she fell on her back and the other tentacles grabbed her. Cain couldn't turn as Selena was keeping him in place.

Marina opened her eyes feeling the tentacles around her whole body. Around her legs and stomach, on her chest and arms. Even moving around her neck, she could see one in front of her face.

'I see, I was going about it the wrong way.' She thought relaxing her body. 'He is like an ocean, the more you resist. The deeper you sink. All I have to do is be nothing, but a leaf floating on the water's surface.'

She slowly lifted her head ignoring the fear screaming in her head, she licked the tentacle close to her face. With her hands, she grabbed two and pushed them toward her holes.

As Cain thought she relaxed on her own, he heard something in his head. A link has been established with Marina, a faith link has sprouted out of nowhere. The first Cthulhu cleric, Marina Ourals.

-------------------------------

<Name: Marina Ourals><Race: Human><Level: 2/20<Exp: 10/900>

<HP: 7><MP: 13><SP: 5>

<Strength: 9><Dexterity: 12><Constitution: 10>

<Intelligence: 11><Wisdom: 12><Charisma: 11>

Skills:

[Mad Priest]: By willingly submitting to the chimera's mind control, the wielder calls upon its wisdom or help. The wielder also can't be mind controlled or manipulated unless the effect source can affect the chimera directly.

[Novice Sword Arts] The basic ability to swing a sword and fight with it.

Magic:

<First-tier>

[Firebolt]

-------------------------------

For a moment, Cain was surprised by how this came just now. And it was Marina of all people, he expect such a thing to take weeks to months for someone to link to the chimera.

Cain immediately took a look at his enchanting system, she was registered there but still haven't received any spells. That was to be expected as he need to manually do that, and to think she already learned [Firebolt] and how to swing a blade. Saying he was impressed is an understatement.

------------------------------------------------

[Eldritch Link: Marina Ourals]

Spells granted:

NonGét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

------------------------------------------------

As he finished with Selena, he looked behind and saw Marina smiling as she took on three tentacles without much resistance. She was more relaxed than how Gracie was.

Cain pulled the tentacle she was sucking and looked at her, "How are you feeling? Did something just change?" He wanted to know if she has realized the link has been established.

"Never felt better, was scared just a moment ago but now I'm fine." She smiled.

Cain helped her stand straight and patted her head, "You know, the link between us got established." He said.

She stared at him blankly for a moment before realizing what he was talking about, "For real? I can get spells?"

Cain nodded his head and smiled, "Well, only first-tier as you level limits you. But fear not, soon you will grow strong enough."

Marina smiled and tried to jump but then realized, two tentacles were still going inside her. "What spells I can get?" She asked grabbing another of Cain's tentacles and hugging it.

"That's up to you, what do you want?" Cain replied he wasn't going to restrict her.

Marina thought about it for a while, "Can I summon those guys?" She grabbed one of the tentacles.

Cain got shocked by her request, why did she want his tentacles? "Well, it's probably doable but I don't have a spell prepared. You have to wait for that." He replied scratching his head, "I will make it by tomorrow, want any other spell?"

Marina tried to think of a helpful spell, something that will make her work a bit easier. She wasn't a fighter and knew it wasn't going to work to pretend to be one. She quickly realized what she could use more.

"Can I get a spell to change what people think? Something to allow me to convince someone to do something." She asked scratching her cheek and patting one of the tentacles.

"There is a first-level spell called [Command], you can use it to convince people by issuing simple commands. It's a powerful little trick that depends on how creative you're with it." Cain replied and immediately sent her the spell.

It was but momentarily but Marina felt a slight headache as the information got dumped into her head. The ability to cast the spell got granted to her by Cain the same way a god can bless his cleric with spells.

-------------------------------

Magic:

<First-tier>

[Firebolt]

[Command]

-------------------------------

"Want anything else? Keeping space for the tentacles you still have three spells." Cain said dragging her close to him. Her body shuddered.

"I want to be able to heal the tentacles if they got wounded, probably some water to keep them nice wet," Marina replied licking his chest.

Feeling that, Cain took the tentacle from her front and lifted her up, gently pushing his all into her. "Ah!" she moaned.

"What about those, you can heal small wounds, draw people and shock them at the same time." Cain started moving as he gave her the spells she desired.

-------------------------------

Magic:

<First-tier>

[Firebolt]

[Command]

[Create Water]

[Shocking Grasp]

[Lesser Healing]

-------------------------------

She fully relaxed her body, even Cain got surprised to realize she took him all in unlike last night when she couldn't. That wasn't the only thing, she never reacted to the tentacle in her rear end no matter how much he pushed it. Of course, he did stop the moment it got a bit hard to push in to not hurt her.

He ran his finger over her rear entrance and whispered in her mouth "Does it hurt?"

She kissed him, "It does, but I've never been so happy in my life. Keep going." She pushed herself down forcing more of the tentacles deep into her. Luckily Cain stopped her before she could go too much.

"Don't move on your own like that, you almost hurt yourself." He walked with her out of the water.