Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Cain walked out with Marina, making sure she got what she wanted. He slowly finished with her until she could barely stand.

Cain then stared at the other girls, his tentacles quickly turning toward them. But, it really seemed like they don't want to try it. Olivia and Ellie looked a bit terrified and even Alice and Sofia didn't look that happy with it.

"Fine," he sighed hiding all the tentacles. The girls' gazes seemed to relax and they smiled. Seeing those eldritch tentacles was keeping them on edge, they just weren't that comfortable.

Sofia slowly approached Cain with wary steps, "Sorry but, give us some time to get used to them." She whispered.

Cain patted her head, "No need to worry, I just want to test and see how you will react. The whole goal of this was to know who is fine with them and who is not." He caressed her back with his hands.

Alice slowly approached him from the side, stealing glances at his legs lest the tentacles returned. She gently leaned her chest on his side and asked, "Can we do it normally? Will use those tentacles later, when we get used to them."

Cain hugged both of them tightly, "Already said it. You're not forced to use them." He stared at the two maids and they shook their heads. They also didn't want to use them, at least not for now.

From this experiment, Cain managed to find that Gracie, Selena, and Marina were fine using the tentacles. Grouping them together will go a long way in saving time and allowing them to have more time with him.

After having some time with them, they all got out to the changing room. The experiment was over as quickly as it started, he had to save some stamina for the dragon after all.

Cain slowly started wearing his clothes when Marina approached him naked. "Cain, do you have a moment?" She asked with a worried voice.

Cain turned toward her, "What is it?" what might she need? Was she feeling unwell after what they have done? Is it something else? His mind started racing until Morena thought 'Probably about the link, have more confidence.'

Marina smiled, "Can I be allowed to find more people to link with you?" She stared at him with a strange gaze, as if she was worried about his answer.

"You can do whatever you want, just make sure not to get in trouble. As weird as it may seem coming from me, this is like starting a cult. Not all people are going to be happy even if it involved getting power, and I can't provide power to everyone." Cain made sure she understand he has limitations.

"I understand, just a couple hundred will do." She replied with a smile and Cain grabbed her head. Glaring at her smiling face.

"Just six, no more than that. Do you want to start a cult?" He was more concerned about how much power can he grant. A few strong people were far better than an army of weaklings who could do nothing but die to give his enemies Exp.

"I understand, two of my maids, and then two serving each of those maids, that's a total of six beside me. Are you fine with that?" She replied without breaking her smile, she was joking about the hundred earlier. Why would she want to share those tentacles with anyone?

Marina bowed slightly to Cain as she thought about how she was going to do it. It won't be easy, but still doable.

As they were getting out of the bath, Cain called Ellie and asked her to bring her glass. He should leave the choice of getting maids involved to Zaleria which meant he will need to give Ellie blood now.

Ellie rushed through the dimly lit corridor to her room to get the big wine glass she has bought specially for blood. Even though she was a vampire, it could sometimes get hard to swallow when thinking about it being blood that was alive two seconds ago.

Treating it like wine or any other drink seemed to help her. No matter how sweet blood tasted to her, she was still a human at heart which made that hard.

Surprisingly, Olivia also made a run to her lab. She also wanted some samples of Cain's blood to experiment on. She was working on a potion that utilized the properties of both Cain's blood and Gracie's spit to make a mind-breaking drug.

After just a few seconds, Ellie got back with her glass. She stooped ahead of Cain panting, her fangs were already itching from thirst.

Cain took the glass from her hand, inspected it, and then extended his wrist above it. He quickly conjured a lightning knife and sliced his wrist to feel the glass. [Lesser Healing] then was enough to close his wound.

Ellie took the glass from Cain's hand with a shaking glare, she immediately gulped it down. Feeling her bones tingle, a pinkish blush crossed her face and fingertips.

Seeing her like that, Cain refilled her glass. There was no harm in making her drink more, on the contrary, it will help her get more accustomed to her vampire side and slowly learn of her nature. The first signs that she is maturing will be her sleep schedule slowly shifting, and a bit of arrogance as she will start seeing humans as a source of food.

Ellie immediately gulped the second glass with a big smile on her face. She hated the fact she need to drink blood, but it tasted so delicious, she couldn't help but smile. A major factor in that was Cain's blood, with its high mana concentration, it was easy to digest, had a lot of nutrients, and went down easier.

From what Cain knew, turning into a vampire wasn't a pleasant thing. Most people described the excruciating hunger, how disgusting blood tasted, how they messed up and bit someone and were unable to walk in the day. Everyone turned on them, and they were rejected from the world. Ellie was a special case, as she had him by her side to make sure she will smoothly transform into a full vampire.

At that moment, they heard footsteps coming from the hallway. It was none other than Olivia with a bucket in her hand. "Cain you please fill this while I go search for the second one?" She said with a big smile on her face.

Both Cain and Ellie glared at her, what was she thinking he was? Cain lifted his hand [Telekinesis] He grabbed the running Olivia and pulled her toward him.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"What, I'm levitating?" She looked around in confusion and Cain glared at her. "Do you expect me to fill that?"

"You can right? With all those tentacles, you can produce a bit more blood right? Even if you can't, the basic [Lesser healing] that you know can regenerate your blood at a rate of…AGRA! PLEASE DON'T SQUEEZE MY HEAD!" She cried as Cain grabbed her forehead and tightened his grip.

"I probably taught you too much…even if I can, it doesn't mean I will bleed two buckets for you. What are you going to do with all that blood?" Cain glared at her eyes, worried not just about bleeding but how she will do. His blood was rich with mana, making it a really powerful alchemical ingredient, which usually meant dangerous if implied wrongly.

If she attempted to create a harmful potion like poisons from it, she might end up killing herself as his blood was that potent.

Just before Olivia could start explaining what she wanted to do…

"Zaleria! You're awake aren't you?" Cain called her, "Come here…"