Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Zaleria opened the door and walked in just a few seconds after Cain called her. She looked at them with a smile, "Called me?" She slowly approached Cain.

Even though it seemed strange, technically, she was considered his wife now by dragons' traditions. She knew it, and he knew it.

"Let's go to my room first, we have some alchemy to talk about before doing anything." Cain stared glaring at the struggling Olivia.

Zaleria quickly switched to her witch mode, "Alchemy, is it about your blood?" she asked.

"I know you were listening, it's not like you can't hear everything in the mansion." Cain smiled.

"I can hear, smell and feel. My senses are sharp, you should know that. Tentacle monster…" She wiggled her hands like a snake.

They all headed to Cain's room where they sat on the bed, Olivia staring at them with a worried face. "Experimenting with my blood is more dangerous than you can expect, no one knows how high mana-dense blood will react with other alchemical ingredients." Cain stared at her and then looked at Zaleria.

"I do want Zaleria to supervise your experiments when she has time. If you have any experiment, please refer it to me or her as soon as possible so we can review it and give you the needed safety precautions." He said with a serious face.

"I do agree, what are you currently working on? Tell us the details and how are you tackling the experiment." Zaleria glared at her with a curious gaze.

Olivia went on to explain how she was mixing Gracie's drool with Cain's blood to empower the effect, all the details, and her progress.

"Yeah, don't keep doing that. What if you got some on you? This isn't like acid that you can wash off quickly, this will get you insane before you reach the tap. That's the goal of it right?" Cain glared at her, Gracie's spit was already a powerful toxin capable of sending people into an un-resistible heat. Empowering it with his blood was just a nightmare.

After inspecting the process further, it was determined that Olivia should not work on it without Zaleria or Cain's direct supervision. Simply because those two are the only ones with enough Alchemy understanding and ability to resist the potion she is making.

Before Olivia was dismissed, Cain filled her bucket with blood so she can use that in other experiments and see how far she can go in making healing potions. Things that are considered safe to work around.

When Olivia left, Cain was left alone with Zaleria who sat silently beside him. "Now that we're here, should we start?" Cain asked looking at her.

"We can…but here is just a bit…" Zaleria stared around, this wasn't as comfortable of a place as she wished.

Cain patted her shoulder and kissed her cheek, "Let's go somewhere more familiar…" He flicked his finger and a blue gate appeared. Zaleria immediately realized the direction to her hut, a far isolated place that no one can reach without her noticing way beforehand.

As they walked inside, Zaleria stretched her arms and stared at the wooden hallway.

Cain looked around and fully remembered the place, he had lived here several years in his past life when he was enslaved by Zaleria. He also knew that this place lacked many basic necessities like a proper bath, kitchen, and living room. It wasn't that Zaleria didn't want them, she didn't need them to start with.

The only way to wash here was to heat water in a kettle and use that to wash your body. For cooking, there was just a small room with a fire pit and a black kettle and there was no trace of a living room at all.

Cain lifted his hand and flicked his finger, [Lisworth's magnificent mansion] he opened the blue arcane door leading there, "This should provide us with anything we need, we need to fix this place later." He said and Zaleria stared at him.

"Fix what?" She was a bit confused, her hut was perfect for her to live in.

"This place is perfect for you, a dragon. It's not perfect for human life." Cain knew that firsthand; when he lived here before, he had to work extra hard to meet his basic need. For the fact that Zaleria never made a proper place to store firewood, and never collected it in the first place.

"Come on, leave that to later." Zaleria leaped on his shoulders hugging the back of his neck. A wide smile on her face as she grinned, "That can wait, can't it?"

Cain smiled back as he looked at her. [Telekinesis] He carried her up and looked in the direction of the room he wanted to use.

"Using magic to carry me…are you saying I'm that heavy?" she grunted, glaring at him with a pouting face as a little gust of flames escaped her nose with a humph.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"Yeah, your weight is over 70 tons of pure muscles and bones. Your human shape has reduced it quite a bit but you're still clocking at 700 pounds [317 kg]" Cain started lifting her up and down with the spell to gauge her weight. She opened her mouth and exhaled a burst of flames at his face. That did nothing as it was canceled with a simple mana barrier.

Zaleria batted her stomach and caressed her chest and hips. "Look how lean I look, where is that weight you're talking about?"

"In those arms of yours, steel-like muscles and condensed bones that rival adamantine." Cain carried her toward him where he kissed her. "Let's go, or do you want to do something before?" He asked just in case.

"No, let's go. Can't wait…"

…the two of them made their way to the room Cain wanted to use. It was a large room with a single one-person bed a chair, a table, and a single window. The room didn't have any heating or drawer and the air there felt a little bit damp.

This was Zaleria's supposed room, but she never used it, to begin with.

"Why this place?" Zaleria asked with a confused face.

"In my past life, when I lived here with you. I told this story didn't I?" Cain looked and her and she nodded, "Yeah but, I don't you gave me the full details."

Cain started telling her the story of why she picked him up, what drove the interest of a dragon like herself to pick him from the road in the first place.

…On a forgotten forest road, snowfall was stronger than ever. The entire land is covered with a white blanket of ice. Three bent from the weight they are carrying and the animal has him in their holes for a storm approaches.

On the roadside, curled under a tree, Cain was sitting. Furberg has burned down. The relief force that was supposed to take them to Ourals has been attacked by the soldiers of that city. He barely managed to run away.

He looked up to the sky, but can't even see the sun behind those heavy clouds, nothing will move them. This was his luck, to this situation, he can do nothing but die there from the cold.

As he sat there awaiting death, he heard someone walking down the road. He quickly stood and hid in the bushes, is the soldier chasing them all the way here? He won't die without a fight so he grabbed a stick with his blue. Frostbitten fingers.

But what he saw was no soldier, a woman wearing a full black cloak. Walking as the snow melted around her. At the first glance, he knew she wasn't normal. Engaging her in a fight would be bad. He decided to sit still and let her pass.

She walked right toward the bush where he was hiding and stared down. Cain could feel the ice melting and dripping on his head, and a gust of warm air gushed from her as if she was a walking blacksmith furnace.

"You call this hiding? At least cover your tracks in the snow." She said with a calm voice looking behind…the snow already melted from her presence so there was no proof that he left the track.

"What about you? You left more than a track." Cain replied, probably there was no choice but to fight her.

"Unlike you, I can deal with a soldier or two. I merely leave tracks for food." She replied with a smile. "Been watching you for a while, a white-haired human, what a rare find." She took her hood off revealing her face.

Cain immediately leaped from the bush, swinging the stick at her head. CRACK! He smacked her right in the cheek, the stick shattered yet her expression never changed.

He stared at the stick confused, what was she? At that moment, she extended her hand and lifted him by the neck, "Weak…but as expected from humans. It might be a long way before I find one, let's take you anyway." She dragged him to her hut.