Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Cain remembered how she brought him here, this was a place he lived in for a long time.

Cain rested on the bed and stretched his arms, this was the room Zaleria used as her room in the past life.

"Should we start normally?" Cain asked patting the bed. He then asked her to sit down.

Zaleria stared at him a bit confused, she sat beside him and slightly cocked her head. "Normally?"

Cain smiled, gently rubbing her thigh. "I know what you really want…but that. It is going to be left for last." His hand gently rose across her stomach and into her chest.

"What do I really want? Like what?" She sneaked her hand onto his thigh, trying to get a feel for him.

Cain slowly moved his hand toward her neck, "You're like Klara, but even more. Or should I say, most of you Reds are like this?" His hand slowly made its way to her cheek and combed through her hair. Making a gentle pull at last.

"Aren't you getting it in reverse?" She tightened her grip on his meat.

​ "That, if you won. Now that you lost, you got what you desired." Cain grabbed her shoulder and pushed her to stand up. She smiled getting up with a giggle. "You know us well…" She mumbled.

"Let's start normal, it's not like both of us are dragons." Cain cracked his neck. "Also your sister is in my head." He added.

"Don't remind me…" Zaleria stared at him silently for a moment.

'I'm going to sleep.' Morena thought. 'Wake me later.' Gray added as he went to sleep as well. Neither of them wanted to be a part of this.

"Ok, we're fine." Cain smiled, "She is asleep, it's just the both of us." He stood up to take his clothes off as did Zaleria.

"Is she still her, or is it just a part of you with her memories?" Zaleria asked taking her clothes off.

"All the brains I eat are still alive, Morena and Gray included. That's them, it's just they have no other choice than to obey my will." Cain replied.

"So let's say one of us dies and we have no way of healing the body, what will you do?" Zaleria asked.

"Probably eat the brain to keep the person alive till a solution is found. The brain is the linking dot between the soul and the body after all." As Cain replied, he sat back on the bed.

Zaleria kneeled in front of him and grabbed his meat with both hands. It was bigger than she remembers (From the last time she saw him do it with the girls)

"What happened? Does this keep growing?" She gave the tip a kiss and then pushed it all the way down her throat just as Sofia could do it.

"The more hearts I have, the more blood is circulating in my body. An erection is the accumulation of blood, I have more blood so it gets bigger." Cain explained as he leaned on his arms. "Ahhh!" He sighed trying to relax his mind a bit.

As she was going on it, she felt his meat growing longer and thicker in her throat. She immediately stopped and pulled it out, "Ahh! What are you doing?" She asked with a confused face.

"Getting it bigger, you seemed to find it too easy." He replied with a smile.

Zaleria squeezed his jewels in her palm, "You think I can take all of this?" with her other hand she squeezed his meat enough for it to hurt a bit.

"Of course, I bet I could shove my arm down your throat if I wanted. For you to breathe powerful breaths without breaking your jaw or tearing your throat, you have learned a lot of skills." Cain grabbed her by the hair and pushed his meat deep into her throat.

"You know how to dislocate your jaw, expand your throat, and even use your neck muscles to push big things down like a snake." He said but she quickly slapped his hand away and took it off her mouth.

"I can, doesn't mean I will use it." She said with a smile.

"You really want me to do it now? Can't you just take a normal one before?" Cain stared at her slightly disappointed.

"Said the one who tickled me with a big one, aren't you the one starting this?" She licked him from the base to the tip.

Cain finally accepted her proposal, "Fine, will do it your way. But will have normal rounds after, won't take the excuse of being exhausted."

"I get exhausted before you?" She smiled, "You must be dreaming."

Cain stood, grabbed Zaleria by the hair, and pulled her toward the bed.

"Lay on your back and let your head dangle from the side," Cain said putting her into position. She tried to stand back up but he pushed her back down from the shoulders and pinned her in place.

She smiled, "Isn't that a weak push? Can't you use more strength?" she stared at his arms.

"You know I'm using all my strength without magic, even if I was to kick you in the face, you will feel nothing," Cain mentioned the difference in physical strength between them. She was far superior to him. At least as physical can go, every move she did until now was of her own will.

"I want to feel you in control, can't you do it at least once?" She asked with a slightly sad smile.Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"I can, but that would be a bit too painful for you." He replied scratching his cheek.

"Too painful for me? Try me and see." She grinned.

Cain sighed, this one is going to drive him mad, "Ok, but keep your palms open. If you couldn't take it, just close them."

Lifting one of his fingers up, Zaleria gulped in anticipation. The moment the finger pointed toward her, an incredible amount of pain rushed through her limbs forcing her to open her mouth. "AGGRAAAA!" she screamed.

Cain kept an eye, her palms were still open so she was fine. He also kept magical observation on her, he will stop if she showed irregular signs.

He then shoved his meat down her screaming throat to silence her a bit, "Now you won't complain, just stay like that." He was hoping she won't bite him off. That was possible for her, she could do it easily.

After a few minutes, she didn't seem to give up so he stopped. It was taking too long…

"Why did you stop?" she glared at him with a slightly pouting face.

Cain had to think of a way to deal with her. Usually in red dragon mating, if the two have made it together. The courtship takes on a bizarre form. The one who lost the marriage fight will have to run while the winner chases him. That has returned to the Red dragon's nature of valuing strength, the idea is that you should be able to wing against an opponent even if they wanted to run away.

Zaleria stared at him, she was certain that she can't wing against him as she already lost. She was even certain that she won't be able to run away, all she wanted was a little game of pretending.

"You want me in control? Then how about this, stand up." Cain growled.