Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Cain pulled her up and laid her on her back.

Zaleria stared at him with a smile, "What are you going to do?"

"Nothing, we're doing your things later. For now, it's just normal." Cain grabbed her legs and pulled them apart, quickly drawing her near him. She closed her legs, "No…" Squeezing his meat between her thighs.

The goal was to not let her drag him into her rhythm, he needs to get her to follow him. "Listen…" He glared at her and she sighed, "Fine, but we do it later, a promise." She slowly opened her legs up and gave her a wide lick.

Sticking his fingers in both her doors, he started tickling her inside as fast as he could. From up, she stared at him with an empty face such stimulation was too little for her.

At that moment, a sharp, stinging pain rose through her spine and into her head. Cain has done something she didn't expect. Her legs snapped like a mouse trap in the blink of an eye and Cain immediately pulled his finger.

She reopened her legs and looked down, Cain's fingers were broken as the muscles inside her were just that powerful. But between his fingertips, a blue arc zapped menacingly. "You can feel much with my finger so all I need to do is force a signal like this." He gave her an evil smile as his fingers healed [Lesser healing]

"Hold up, that's dangerous." She gasped.

"Yeah, for me," Cain replied. Just like now, she was no joke. She could cut his thing if he was inside her. That is the difference in strength between them. "But I do have a solution, don't worry about it. As long as you don't cut my body in half with your legs."

She sighed, "I will try, don't count on me though. Such a severe stimulation isn't something I can get used to."

Cain cracked his neck, this was the time for work. Firstly to make sure his meat stays safe, he exchanged it with one of his tentacles, those things can heal much faster. It was also possible to change the shape accordingly with [Polymorph]

For extra protection, he created a thick barrier around his whole body with [Telekinesis] that will only activate if an extremely fast movement was detected.

Cain laid on top of her, gently nibbling on her chest as he slowly pushed deeper into her until he reached the end. Zap! He sent the shock, she writhed, her stomach contracting as her hands grabbed the sheet tightly.

"Relax, I'm just making specific spots too sensitive. Or to be more precise. Just as sensitive as a normal human, you dragon usually needs more power to be stimulated." Cain started moving, and with each stroke, she cried "AH!" "AH!" "AHH!"

Cain grasped her bosom in his hands, feeling their entire weight swinging up and down. She was far bigger than Sofia. As he licked them, he could feel the heat imitating from them with a slight sulfur smell on the tips.

After a while, he realized a load inside of her, as expected, she never reached her peak with just that. As he sat still filling her inside, she combed his hair with her fingers and caressed his back.

"Can we do it now?" She asked licking his ear.

Cain pulled out and stood up, "Fine, you earned it." Hearing his words she immediately stood up.

Cain grabbed her by the shoulders and turned her around. "Give me your arms." He said grabbing both her hands together. "Say, want to sign a temporary slave contract?" He asked.

"For what?" She asked with a mischievous smile, "With it, I can disable all your strength, force you to a human level, and…"

"Why not? Let's do it…" She quickly turned to grab his hand and lick it. She was slowly getting hornier and hornier. This was the problem with Zaleria, she liked to be dominated. But such a wish was hard to grant with her raw strength, and that is why she had resulted in an alternate way in Cain's past life.

Cain remembered those past days as he was making the spell.

In Cain's past life…

Zaleria brought him to her room after he finished showering and ate his fill. As they entered the room, Cain knew what the witch wanted, but he didn't mind, especially after saving him.

"Ok, how did this work again?" Zaleria instead pulled a stack of papers reading through them.

"What are you doing?" he asked, a bit disappointed.

"The enslavement spell I used on you, look I made it become a temporary spell." She showed him the papers, and at that time, he could tell what kind of scribbles those were.

"What do you intend to do with them?" He asked.

"So, in theory. I should use the slave contract, to force you to learn and cast the temporary enslavement spell and then issue a set of commands I decided beforehand." She explained.

"What use that could be?"

"There are a lot of things I hate to do, this could help me get them done. Or I can use it for this." She smiled making him cast the spell on her.

… That was how their first night started.

This time, Cain used that spell on his own and she froze. Her heart finally beat in excitement. Just the fact she could no longer use her draconic power without him allowing her was enough for her nerves up.

Cain dragged her to the bed and laid her on all four, he slowly pushed just the tip in her back end. "AGRAA!" With her strength reduced to that of a mere human, his mere girth was too much for her.

"How do you feel?" He asked with a smile.

"It hurt…" She replied.

"Should I stop?" He asked, this was the last time he asked to make sure she was fine with it all. "No, keep going… no matter what." She replied.

Cain pushed deeper into her, and she growled in pain. Her breath got deeper the deeper he went. When he was halfway, he covered her mouth with his hand and went all the way in with a powerful stroke.

"OOF!" She gasped, splash! A clear stream sprouted from her front end. He didn't stop and started moving faster and faster, the more she moaned, the rougher he went.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

After a while, Cain pulled from her back end and went into her front immediately…

After a while of going at it, Cain finally stopped and released Zaleria to her full power.

"GRAAHH!" she fell on her knees panting, she never felt as exhausted in decades.

"Satisfied? You know it's a bit uncomfortable for me to do those things." Cain said as he laid his back on the all and took a deep breath.

She stood up and stared at him. "Feel a bit uncomfortable? I can cast the temporary enslavement spell on you…" she reached the same conclusion she did in his past life.

Cain smiled, and a giggle escaped his mouth, "I can't do that, countless spells are relying on my consciousness. Doing such a thing will cause them to quickly spin out of control."

"Color me surprised, can't take that." Zaleria approached him, with a smile, "What now?" she asked lying beside him.