Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Cain woke up the next day, Zaleria sleeping next to him peacefully. He tried to remember the last night but Morena thought 'Isn't this enough? We still have to get back to hell.' She cut him immediately.

Cain stood, the wooden floor cracked beneath his feet waking Zaleria up. She stretched her arms, kicking the blanket away, and yawned. "You awake?"

Cain stared at her green eyes, they were already draconic. Here in her hut, she kept her senses up all the time. Probably this was the reason Morena managed to sneak up on her in his past life, she wasn't keeping her guard up so he won't know she was a dragon.

'Yeah, it's strange to think I managed to kill her once. Guess it wasn't completely my…' Morena started thinking but Cain put her back to sleep.

CRACK! He cracked his neck and looked in the closet for his clothes, but he didn't find them. "Where did you leave my clothes?" He asked.

Zaleria stood up, walked toward him, and patted his shoulder. "Probably downstairs, do you intend to leave immediately? I wanted a morning round as well…" she looked at him, sad and wiggling.

Cain sighed, she was really a pain. Not that he hated it, it's just exhausting at times. "I'm going to take a shower in the magnificent mansion, come in if you want." He walked away and she hopped behind him.

They walked downstairs, Cain quickly spotted his clothes on a wooden bench in the dimly lit corner. As he approached it, Gracie suddenly walked out from the shadow with Melissa behind her.

Melissa bowed down as Gracie approached Cain, "Cain, I have news from hell and the pixies." She said with a passive face.

"What came out?" Cain grabbed his clothes and looked at her.

"Spindle says that Malta wishes to speak with the white mage. Mei also has said that Titania will soon lay foot in her grove. You must attend that." She said reciting all that she know.

"Did this information come just now? Why didn't you report it earlier?" Cain asked, with things like this, Alice usually gives him a call or sends Gracie immediately.

"We were finding it hard to reach you, just now Sofia managed to crack the barrier protecting this place," Gracie stated staring at Zaleria.

Cain stared at her as well, "You locked us here?" He growled.

She looked away, "Well I might have forgotten to unlock the hut and…didn't want anyone sneaking here at night."

Cain sighed, that's why she wanted to do it here of all places. She was too scared of the girls seeing her do it? "Will go take a bath and then go to hell. Meet Malta and get Spindle a chance, get back and deal with Titania, and then go to the capital to meet Jack." Cain stated his plans for the day. "Do you know when Titania is coming?"

"Mei said she will call when they arrive, we shouldn't worry about that," Gracie replied.

Cain looked behind Gracie to the kneeling Melissa, she was shaking, a stream of water leaking from her lower half. He then realized, he was still naked and leaving his magic run amock.

"Why did you bring her?" He asked while approaching them. Gracie looked down at Melissa and then stated. "She wanted to come, so I brought her along."

"That's unhealthy for her, don't let her close to me too often unless she is full."

Gracie nodded, "Right, forget about that. The others are feeding so she is still waiting."

Melissa stood last, she was still starving. Letting her people feast first was a motto she had as a royal guard of the cubus queen, now they all only succubus.

Cain stared at her for a while. Red hair, pink eyes, and an alluring body. The stare on her face was both sinister and compelling. For a strange reason, she seemed to resemble Lisa a lot. The same feeling he got when seeing Meliliana for the first time.

Cain looked at Gracie with a smile "We're going to the bath, you can join us."

Gracie nodded energetically and dismissed Melissa away. She wasn't going to last with Cain there.

Cain, Zaleria, and Gracie went into the bath to get ready.

At the same time, at the Hell Gate, Chad stood glaring straight ahead.

"What are you doing?" Ariel asked as she walked from behind him.

"I do want to get back there, check the place more." He said with a straight face.

Ariel frowned, looking at the gate in disgust, "You that's hell. Last time we had a mission so it was fine. Now, no way I'm going back in."

Chad crossed his arms and touched the gate. "When we walked the streets of Dis city I noticed something. Those devils were nothing like I expected, living their lives in peace."

Ariel approached him, "What are you wanting to say?"

"I haven't met him in a while, an old friend. I wonder if he's doing fine." Chad wondered.

Ariel tried to remember but she couldn't, "Who is that friend? A devil?" She asked.

"Yeah he is now, he once served me just like you. Alongside his sister, they served me for a while. But one day, I had to leave them. He never managed to accept it as his sister did and secluded himself in hell." Chad said looking up, remembering the hazy past.

"What's his name?" She asked with a curious gaze.Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Chad turned his head and looked back at her, "Can't say, nor can I say his sister's name. They will hear me if I did it." He approached the gate.

"Don't go alone, wait till Cain comes." Ariel stopped him, "You two must go together for safety."

Chad nodded, "How is he doing? Haven't seen him since yesterday." Chad asked with a smile.

"He's fine and healthy, even had time to babble about asking AO to erase all magic in the bath. Alice told me." She said scratching her head, "That's stupid don't you think? Contacting AO, even gods can't get to hear his words."

Chad's eyes started flickering with golden light, he nodded, "If AO is an omnipresent god, then he can just ask and he will be heard. I bet Cain had other intentions besides that." Chad scratched his chin.

Ariel got shocked for a moment, how didn't she realize that? Chad was absolutely right. AO is an omnipresent being, he is everywhere and nowhere at the same time. An all-seeing and hearing god. Why would Cain need to go through all the troubles to contact him? He can just speak it up, heck, AO might be reading their minds all the time for all they know.

"What do you think Cain's goal is? Has not told us his real motivation?" Ariel asked and Chad looked a bit sad.

"No, he did tell us. Sane people in this world can be counted on two hands, every person has an unreasonable wish." Chad replied, "But all wishes are equally valued to an omniscient god. To him, he can just say be that, and it will be as he intended."

Chad pushed the Hell Gate open, "My child is still alive, and I will make sure he stays that way." He walked in to clear a path before Cain arrive.