Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chad stepped into the gate and Ariel followed behind him with a grunt. Her wings shriveled behind her and her nose started to itch. The scent of hell was just disgusting.

"Here we are, are you happy? We don't have Cain's barrier like the last time, will just die from being here sooner or later." She growled flapping wings in a failed attempt to sway off the smell.

"Worry not, we can heal through it." Chad covered his body with holy magic, instantly regenerating any damage he might take from the acid fume and heat.

As they started walking, the Hell Gate behind them opened and two people walked in. Sofia and Alice have sensed them entering hell.

"Why did you enter? You could have waited for us and Cain." The two walked in toward them.

"Wanted to clear the place first, Check if the place is safe for Cain ahead." Chad turned with his arms crossed.

Both Alice and Sofia gave him confused looks, "What do you mean? For Cain of all people?" Alice exclaimed unable to comprehend what he really wanted to do.

"We can stand here while being fine, you two cannot. Please get back and wait for Cain to give you his shield." Sofia said glaring at them, it was true that only she and Alice can stand here without getting constantly damaged by Hell.

The ground crunched, and two massive groups marched toward them from the distance. Chad pulled his sword as Did Ariel. Looking across the barren wasteland, Chad searched for ponds of Acid and Lava to burn the monsters in. His idea was that they won't stand back up if each time they get revived in a pool of acid that kills them.

Sofia took a few steps, transforming into her draconic form and staring at the distance. "Those are no threats, they came to greet us." She growled, flames gushing from her back like a fountain to make her presence known.

"She is right…" Alice started floating, cursed magic and holy magic flowing from her like a blast.

The two forces stopped for a moment, a small entity flew from them toward the girls. It was none other than Spindle.

"Lady Alice, Lady Sofia. Those are the devils and Abishai residing on this layer, please don't attack them." He yelled as soon as he got close.

"We already knew, we can sense you lot from up here." Sofia turned her massive head toward and he froze in place.

"W-why did you transform then? Are upset on Spindle by any means?" He was shaking like a cat that found himself in front of a massive monster. For all he knew, he was but a lower-rank devil, the dragon talking to him was the new chromatic dragon goddess Tiamat.

"Sofia giggled, why would we be upset at you?" She grabbed him with her massive claw and Sat him on her head. "We transformed so you know it's us and no one else." Alice flew and sat beside him. Both Chad and Ariel did the same and Sat on her head grabbing into her Massive horns.

Taking a step ahead, she leaped into the sky opening her wings. ROOOOOAAAAR! She roared flying toward the two small armies.

"Why did you roar?" Alice asked pinching her ears, Sofia was too loud.

"Don't know, it just felt right to do. Like how you grunt when you wake from sleep." Sofia replied as she flapped her wings. Spindle started shaking, was this really the same Sofia he saw the first day Cain summoned him?

Comparing them was just impossible, her body has attuned so much to purgatory that it became hard to smell her human side.

BAM! Sofia landed between the two armies, cracking the ground. Looking down, they looked up at her in fear.

Alice, Chad, Ariel, and Spindle flew down from her head.

Alice landed in front of the devil forces, ahead of them, a red-skinned devil woman with a trident bowed down. Behind her were hordes of lower-rank devils, including those from the village they stayed in before.

"Let me see, you're Malta, right? The middle-rank devil who's been going against Morena and the Abishai." Alice said looking across the ragged devils and into the Abishai army that Sofia was facing, "Those Abishai used to serve Tiamat, right?"

Malta was shaking, was she going to be blamed for going against Tiamat? That wasn't impossible to happen here in hell. "Yes, those are the Abishai that used to serve the chromatic dragon goddess Tiamat until she was killed decades ago," Malta replied and Alice smiled.

She took a few steps ahead, Grabbed Malta by the shoulder, and got her to stand up, "Would you two still fight now?" She asked Glaring into her eyes, "I saw you from up the hill, you had people keep an eye on the Abishai. By any chance, you still want to fight them?"Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"No, we would never do such a thing again. We will only follow your orders…" Malta replied with a shaking voice, from what she know, the new Tiamat was a friend of hers, someone she valued dear. Fighting Sofia's Abishai more will just cause friction between her and Alice.

"Fine, Cain is coming soon. If you fought or caused trouble, as the village devils about your fate."

Hearing Alice's words, the village devils started shaking, they remembered how much of a monster Cain can be. Nothing proved how dangerous he is more than having both Alice and Sofia at his side.

"We will never do anything like that, please do trust us," Malta replied.

Alice smiled, Patted Spindle on the head. "Keep him by your side, Cain seems to have high expectations for him and he can always contact him." She pushed Spindle toward her.

"Lady Alice…" Spindle cried as bumped into Malta's side.

"As you order!" Malta bowed down and took a glance at Spindle.

"Do you best Spindle," Alice smiled.

On the other side, Sofia glared down at the Abishai. Thud! Thud! Prowling around them in her draconic form, their bones shook. "You served Morena…Why is that?" She growled.

One of the Abishai walked ahead, looked up and Sofia, and opened his mouth, "Since at the time she seemed to be…" Splat! Sofia stomped him with her claw, lifting the corpse and swallowing it.

All the Abishai shook, their hearts refusing to beat.

Sofia glanced over those lizard-looking devilish things. "Seemed isn't an answer, I'm not as wise as Alice so I won't take anything less than a definitive answer. You lot seem to revive quickly, I could always kill you over and over if I want to." Sofia growled.

A shriveled-looking Abishai approached her leaning on a staff, "Lady Tiamat, may I speak?" He bowed.

Sofia was about to tell him to call her Sofia but then changed her mind, it was probably better to keep using Tiamat as a guise until Cain say otherwise.

"You may speak." She growled looking down at him, flames gushing from her nose.

"That woman was too strong for us to oppose. Please do forgive that for such a mistake, we should have never followed someone without the purgatory key." He lowered his head.

"I understand," Sofia growled, transforming into her half-dragon form in a burst of flames. "Is the keep ready?" She asked.

While keeping his head on the ground, the Abishai smiled, "It is."