Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Sofia walked out of the treasury room, her toenails as long as claws scratching the ground with flashing sparks. The air around her seemed to burn just by her presence alone.

'I can feel them, far away.' She could sense way beyond the fortress walls, into the northern distance, a sinner encampment was thriving. In the west, Chad and Ariel were massacring another encampment. The east and north as well had sinner encampments, were they aiming to surround the fortress one day?

The one with the largest population was the northern one. "PAH!" She exhaled a fist-sized spark of white flames. Silently, her body transformed again.

At the hallway end, an Abishai servant was doing his best to clean for the great queen. 'The queen returned, this place finally return to its former glory.' He smiled, "I wonder how long it will take her to reach the previous queen's…" He mumbled when a voice rang behind him.

"Move, or do you want to get stomped?" The deep echoing voice growled behind.

The little Abishai slowly turned his head terrified, that voice, that feeling. He saw five massive draconic heads glare at him from the darkness with glowing eyes. "Move…" She repeated.

Terrified, his body shook, and leaped out of the way. Rolling on the steel ground he stared up. The massive dragon walked beside him. Each of her steps shook the ground and left claw marks behind her.

As she reached the keep's gate, she grabbed it with her left claw and extended her five heads outward. CRRRRRR! A sound akin to purring rumbled from inside her body alerting everyone to her presence.

The devils who were waiting outside in the garden had seen her, half of them ran away and the other half fell on their knees. "The tyrant ruler…" Malta mumbled.

Spindle who was standing beside her extended his wings, leaping into the sky, he flew toward the great dragon. That wasn't of courage, he could feel it was just Sofia. "Lady Sofia, are all right?" He asked approaching her gigantic Red Head.

"Spindle…" The Red wyrm head replied. "I'm…" The black wyrm head added. "Fine…" The white wyrm head finished the line. "I'm heading…" The green wyrm head said. "Out to eat…" The blue wyrm head growled last.

Tiamat can speak simultaneously from each head, or divide her speech as she wants. The only way she does it is to sound menacing or to produce loud sounds and roars.

Spindle wiggled mid-air, "Do you need Spindle's help?"

Sofia thought about it for a moment and then remembered what they aged upon before. "Spindle, Take Malta and some devils. Fly over the whole of Avernus and collect all the remaining devils and bring them here." She growled.

"As per your orders, Spindle will lead the rescue army under your name." Spindle smiled, "Spindle shall do his best."

Sofia smiled, nudging with her blue wyrm horn on the head. "Do your best, next Pit Fiend." She said walking away.

Spindle flew down toward Malta and the other devils with a wide smile on his face.

"She called you a pit fiend…" Malta gasped.

"Lord Cain has said that I will soon evolve into one. Get the army ready." Spindle said with a firm voice.

"As per your order, Sir Spindle." Malta bowed slightly. Spindle was ordered by Tiamat to lead, she couldn't disrespect that order.

"Spindle is enough, no need for Sir or bowing." Spindle replied to her with a passive face (His face had gotten red but it wasn't apparent due to his blood-red skin.)

A devil soldier approached him rushing, "Spindle, everyone is ready…" Spindle immediately glared toward him, "Where is Sir? Do you have no respect?" Spindle growled surprising him.

"But didn't you say…" The soldier seemed confused for a moment…

"Only Malta is allowed not to use Sir or bowing, everyone else should bow to Spindle!" Spindle growled at him.

Sofia reached the massive gate, nudging it with her five heads was enough to open it wide. THUD! THUD! THUD! With her heavy steps, she walked outside and took a deep breath from Avernus's air. To everyone else, this place had too many acidic fumes for their lungs. But to her, it smelled lime mint, opening her airway in a refreshing way.

BAM! BAM! She took two steps, opening her wings and leaping into the air. Her massive bulk levitated ever so slightly and then fell back to the ground. Her massive wings were still too small to carry her massive body.

BAM! She landed back on the ground thinking…She could fly if she flapped hard enough, but that would be extremely exhausting she felt. 'How about…' She had a brilliant idea, to fly how she did before even getting wings.

[Burning Feet] VROOOOM! Massive jets of flames exploded from underneath her massive talons carrying her into the air. The heat from her caused the fortress walls to turn bright red.

And then, in an instant, she increased her firepower several folds. KABOOM! The entire place exploded in a rose of crimson flames and ash as the queen launched herself to the north like a meteor.

Tiamat's wings are huge, far bigger than those of any dragon. Yet, they aren't powerful enough to lift her great bulk with ease. Tiamat flies magically, the wings simply aid her in maneuverability.Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

She could see the sinner settlement on the horizon, they smelled sweet to her. Even from that distance, her stomach rumbled for flesh. Just a few weeks ago she would have found eating those a disgusting thing, yet now, as she has to feed that massive body somehow, she could eat them.

Her palate clearly changed from that of a human to that of a dragon, and from that of a dragon to that of the dragon queen and goddess, Tiamat. What her body needs, is what she finds palatable.

As she was thinking of that, she crashed down beside the settlement causing most houses to crumble down. The sinners didn't even bother fighting, they knew the five-headed dragon. Each one of them turned around and ran immediately, they knew, they had no chance.

ROOOAAR! Sofia rushed behind them, opening her massive five wyrm jaws she took a huge bite from five of the houses. CRUNCH! She munched on them alongside everyone who was inside, it didn't matter everything felt as soft as tender meat to her powerful maw.

The houses tasted like bland bread while the sinners inside were akin to juicy grapes exploding in her mouth, giving flavor to the bland houses.

She wanted to use her breath weapons but refrained, any of her breathes would ruin her meal.

Thud! A sinner leaped into the sky swinging his greatsword at her, "Die you monster!" He was a bandit lord, died just recently, and was sent to hell. He never knew Tiamat nor faced her before.

CLAMP! She bites him alongside his weapon, steel was nothing to her at this point. "He tasted refreshing, are there more?" She growled staring at them. What she felt as fresh was that he didn't die here in hell a lot yet, that's why tasted different.

"Run! Don't face her, she isn't something we can fi…" CLAM! She bit him with a massive chunk of the ground.

As she chased her meal, she could feel herself steadily leveling. Those were by no means weak, some of them could have probably caused her trouble had they fought back but alas, all of them were terrified.

After a while of one-sided dinner, Sofia sat down licking her massive fangs, the whole settlement has disappeared. She had consumed everything, the avaricious queen of the dragons.

Thud! Then, a single humanoid flew down and faced her. "You grow even more fat, care to explain why?" Cain smiled as he faced her.

---------------------------------------

<Name: Sofia Lawrence><Race: Chromatic Dragon (Red, Black, White, Green, Blue)><Level: 41/60><Exp: 51200/2510000>

<HP: 1640><MP: 1845><SP: 1476>

<Strength: 30><Dexterity: 10><Constitution: 30>

<Intelligence: 26><Wisdom: 26><Charisma: 28>

Tiamat Traits:

[Chromatic Immunities: Red, Black, White, Blue, Green] As per the colors of her five heads, Tiamat is immune to Fire, Acid, Cold, Lightning, and Poison.

[Condition Immunities] Tiamat can't be: Blinded, charmed, deafened, frightened, poisoned, or stunned.

[Limited Magic Immunity] Unless she wishes to be affected, Tiamat is immune to spells of 6th level or lower. She is resistant to all other spells and magical effects.

Tiamat's limited abilities:

[Dis-corporation] When Tiamat drops to 0 HP or dies, her body is destroyed but her essence travels back to her domain in the first layer of hell Avernus, and she is unable to take physical form for a time. To resurrect, she consumes a certain amount of the gold in her treasury and revives.

[Innate Spell casting: 3/Day] Tiamat can innately cast [Divine Word] (A seventh-tier cleric spell) 3 times a day without consuming MP.

[Regeneration] Tiamat regenerate 30 HP per second if she is full. She loses this ability when starving.

[Magic Weapons] Tiamat's whole body is equivalent to a magical weapon. All of her physical attacks are infused with magic.

[Legendary Resistance: 5/Day] Tiamat can call upon her godly powers five times a day to save herself from an effect. This power can take shape from an unnaturally agile dodge to a complete negation of a magical spell.

[Frightful Presence] Each creature of Tiamat's choice that is within 240ft of Tiamat and aware of her must contend with his wisdom against her menacing aura or become frightened for 1 hour. A creature who managed to resist the presence is immune to it for 24 hours.

---------------------------------------

'She has somewhat low stats for being Tiamat, probably due to her level being low…Yet, she is still…' Cain smiled as she transformed into her humanoid form and landed in front of him.