Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Sofia shifted to her humanoid form in a blast of magic and landed in front of Cain. BAM! The ground cracked beneath her feet, she still needed to control her newfound power.

"That was Tiamat, did you eat anything bad at the fortress?" Cain asked with a worried glare. It was apparent to him that Sofia was still nowhere near the true power wielded by the real Tiamat but she was going there rapidly. One of the key indicators was that she needed to eat, the Tiamat he knew didn't need sustenance inside of Avernus as she could absorb energy directly from the realm.

He looked around at the devastated settlement, there was no trace left of life around there at all. Sofia had devoured everything in her wake and turned it into rubble.

"No, It just happened when I entered her treasury. It seems that she was helping the dragons' souls pass away, this was the minimum power to handle that task." Sofia replied with a smile. To Cain, that seemed a bit weird.

"When you entered her treasury?" Cain wondered, scratching his non-existing beard. "Can I see your hands?" He asked.

With a puzzled face, Sofia handed him her hands.

Cain grabbed her hands and inspected her fingers, especially her nails to determine something important. He especially glared at her nails to check if the buffs were still there, and they were gone. The transformation blasted all of his enchantments from her nails as they turned magical.

"Is there something off?" She asked looking at her own hands trying to understand what he was doing.

Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"The enchantments have gone, your transformation erased them so we need to get them re-installed. We can do it now." Cain suggested with a big smile.

Sofia quickly pulled her hands away with a scared face, she could remember the pain from the last time. As she pulled her hand, her sharp nails left a long wound on Cain's hand.

"AHH! Cain are you hurt!" she cried panicking back toward him. She grabbed his palm with shaking hands, her nail poked holes in his hand again and she panicked even more.

"Come on, this is but a scratch." Cain waved his hand and used [Lesser Healing] to close the small wounds. Her nails were too sharp, more than any sword he has ever seen. And from what he knew about Tiamat, they can't be trimmed.

Sofia grabbed her hands and bit the long nails out, they immediately regrew as sharp as they were before. "Why?" She cried.

"Your nails are now magical weapons, I bet this includes your hair as well. They will remain always like that." Cain stated and she looked at herself about to cry.

Her hand nails were about as long as a fingertip and sharp, the same for her toenails. She now has claws instead of normal nails.

Her hair retained the black color but could be noticed to glow deep red under the sun.

Looking closely at her silky white skin, she could spot tiny scales covering her whole body.

The teeth inside her mouth have become sharp and her fangs have become longer. The same happened with her tongue which seems to have become fairly long, extending to almost triple the usual length.

Even though her body looked fairly decent and smooth, she could feel every muscle under the skin. Each time she tried to use more power than normal, her musculature structure became apparent just like what happens with Zaleria.

Her eyes, even though she couldn't see them directly, she saw their reflection in Cain's eyes. The normal emerald green eyes she had before weren't her only ones, she can easily switch between Amber-Red (Red dragons), Emerald-Green (Green dragons), Sulfur-Yellow (Black dragons), Opal-Blue (White dragons), and lastly Amethyst-Purple (Blue dragons)

As Cain was about to ask why she was switching her eye colors like crazy while staring at him, she suddenly frowned. "We have uninvited guests." She growled.

Cain was about to ask what she was talking about but he soon felt them as well, a group of about a dozen powerful entities was approaching them at an incredible speed. For a moment, he stared at her, her senses far surpassed his…

Thud! Thud! Thud! A lot of humanoid-looking mages landed in front of them.

Cain stood in front of Sofia and banged his staff on the ground, "Who are you? Announce yourselves before I wipe you out." He growled, they were strong but nothing that he can't handle.

"Lady Tiamat, Lord Asmodeus has been imprisoned by a blond devil under the ninth layer. We ask you to fulfill your part of the contract and rescue him." They didn't even bow, they simply ignored Cain and talked to Sofia.

Cain wasn't pleased with all, with a slight hint of rage he growled, "Asmodeus imprisoned? But pity sinners with a pettier lie." He was getting ready to start fighting.

"Servant, don't open your mouth outside your boundaries…" As one of them growled, Sofia lunged at him immediately swinging her right palm. The mage managed to lift a magical shield at the last moment. CRACK! But cracked, Sofia tore his head off easily. The force of her strike cracked the ground beneath her feet as she glared at the other mages.

One of the coughed clearing his throat, "I see, he must have had a hand in your resurrection. Our utmost apologies." He bowed slightly, "But, we need to move quickly." The mage said unfazed by his friend's death, he will just resurrect later after all.

Cain took a step ahead, "You don't seem to understand, we're going nowhere. Those who seek to rob power from the naïve are numerous. Here is the end of your plans, sinners." Cain lifted his staff ready to blast them away when Sofia help his hand.

He glared at her, "What? I'm going to kill them." He growled.

One of the mages shouted from the back, "Listen to your master-servant!"

Sofia smiled, "Let me deal with them, I'm still a bit hungry."

All the mages froze for a moment thinking about what they heard, what was Tiamat talking about? One of them took a step back as he realized something was off.

All the other mages pulled their staffs and flew backward as they felt Tiamat's magic swelling like a fiery explosion.

In a blast of flames, Lightning, and thunder, the massive draconic body emerged even thicker than before. Apparently, her previous draconic transformation was still a bit too thin for how starved she was. Now, she had her full bulk as she towered up.

A massive storm of ash and fire exploded behind her tail as the massive five-head emerged in a thundering roar. The entire area got burned immediately causing smoke to engulf the place as if a volcano just exploded.

As she lifted her wings up, the dust dissipated and revealed her white wyrm head unleashing a frigid breath immediately. The black head rushed to bite a mage who flew to fight Cain whom she was keeping on her back. The other mages sprung to action, getting their magic ready to fire the enraged queen.

Cain watched from her back, this will not be called a fight.