Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Swoosh! One of the mages flew around Sofia as fast as he could with [Fly]

"Eat this!" He roared [Negative Burst] a black blast of dark necrotic energy flew from his hand toward Sofia's blue head.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Sofia's blue head jerked like a gigantic snake. She twisted her neck the same way she saw the crimson cobra do before. The black orb of necrotic magic missed her and flew to explode on the ground.

Sofia growled opening her blue maw, lightning crackled between her opal white teeth like a flash of purple light. ROAR! A lightning breath burst out of her, the mage tried to dodge but the lightning was so strong it jumped directly at him. His body got fried into charcoal, which Sofia swallowed mid-air before he could even fall.

The other mages backed away, trying to get enough time to cast high-tier magic. "That breath was weaker than it should be, she must still not have regained her full power after resurrecting." One of them noted, if this was the Tiamat they knew, they all would be dead.

"Beat her into submission, is Asmodeus's name!" One of them shouted swinging his bone staff. A crackling magical circle formed ahead of him.

Cain saw the spell and told Sofia through a message spell ~That's an elemental burst spell infused with petrification, don't let him cast it~

Sofia immediately kicked into high gears, [Burning feet]

Sofia's titanic body disappeared in the blink of an eye, moving at a speed that shouldn't be possible for her size. The air gap left by her body where she was standing collapsed immediately with a powerful shockwave.

"Hud?!" The mage gasped, seeing the house-sized hind foot of Tiamat fly toward him. Just like a human kicking an ant at full force, the mage's body liquefied into a mush of blood as Sofia kicked him alongside a massive chunk of the ground.

CRACK! The other mages flew away like flying after having one of their friends swatted. They realized they weren't fighting to win, but to survive. "How could she move like that?" One of the mages cried, creature of Tiamat's size moved slowly. It shouldn't be feasible that she moved fast enough that they didn't see her kick coming.

BAM! With a shockwave around her right fist, Sofia swung a punch down. She wasn't even using her claws, she wasn't used to them yet. The punch almost instantly drilled one of the mages to the ground, shaking the whole first layer of hell.

Three of the remaining mages banged their staffs to the ground, barely able to stand from the massive earthquake. "Learn your place!" One of them shouted as the three of them activated a spell simultaneously. [Imprisonment]

~Let this to me~

As the three mages collected all of their might to try and tie Tiamat down, their magic suddenly halted. The magic circles cracked as they felt it crumbling.

"What, keep it up. Don't let it fail!" One of them shouted his lungs off, focusing as hard as he could.

Thud! Cain appeared standing in front of him with glowing blue eyes, an aura of burning magic flashing from his body. "Multi-elemental, multi-caster ninth-tier imprisonment spell. Matching your combined effort is really a pain so die." Cain stabbed the mage in the neck with his staff.

BAM! Almost immediately, the imprisonment spell failed, exploding into a massive blast of mana. As the remaining mages backed away, they saw Cain floating in front of Tiamat. A blue flame of condensed magic flashed from his hands and the dragon queen charged all of her breaths at the same time.

They tried to run but were all held in place by an extremely powerful telekinetic field, their body smacked together.

Sofia released all of her breath at the same time. A Fire breath, a Cold breath, a Poison breath, a Lightning breath, and an Acid breath. They all fell down in a multi-colored flash of light.

The ground cracked, and people inside the fortress fell on the ground from the massive shockwave. "This is Sofia's and Cain's magic, are they fighting?" Alice tried to teleport to Cain but couldn't, he was blocking her for some reason.

…

In the other encampment. Another group of mages emerged from a tiny cave to the side. "Damn it, why should we use the cave?" one of them yelled.

"Can't you feel it? Tiamat was pissed and she is killing Garmin's group. Daminous's group who went behind her fortress would probably be killed as well." Another mage growled.

"What should we do then? Go and die as well?" The mage replied.

"No, we take some time and get her food and sacrifices. She is just in a bad mood just after awakening." He replied, "Look, this is the closest sinners' village, let's gather them all and bring them to her." He added as they walked toward the village.

They rushed across the deserted hill, the scent of ash and blood didn't alert them at all as it was a normal occurrence here in hell.

As they reached the village, they saw it… Bodies scattered everywhere, some sliced and some squashed. In the middle of them, a single towering man stood with a stunning maiden sitting on top of one of the houses.

The woman on top of the house had blond hair, blue eyes, and fair skin. Her magnificent white wings seemed almost ethereal in this hellish landscape. With a leg on top of the other and leaning on her arms, she slowly turned her face toward them with a smile.

"Chad, we have more coming in, they seem strong." She said with a gentle voice that send shivers down the mages' spines. They instantly knew she was an angel, fear building in their heads just like how a human would be terrified to see a devil.

The towering bulky man turned his head toward them, his gaze instantly locked onto their leader. "Mages? Show me what you got!" He turned around, opening his arms wide and approaching them with a menacing smile.

They could feel that he was but a human, but…why are their hands shaking? His smile, the way he walks, it wasn't that of someone in hell. With an angel by his side, they couldn't help but imagine him as a god of sorts.

"Don't come closer!" one of the mages lifted his staff, [Fireburst]

The blue fireball flashed toward Chad and exploded on his face with a magnificent blue rose. [Thunder Step] the mage cast his second spell rushing at Chad. He pulled a short sword and swung at Chad's neck.

Thud! Chad moved to the side, his shirt completely burned off. He swung a kick. Thwack! Chad's leg smashed the sword into bits and hit the mage in the throat.

"GRAA!" The mage could even scream properly as his body rolled into the distance with blood spewing from his mouth.

The mages froze in their places, terrified at what they just saw.

Chad started walking toward them with a stern look, a golden glow emanating from his eyes. "But puny tricks, my son at least make them hard to predict!"

The mages started to shake, unable to fathom how a mere human could give an intimidating feeling that is far greater than what Asmodeus gave.