Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chad Leaped backward with a flip as spears of flame rushed toward him. BAM! Flipping over and over, he dodged the spears one after the other. BAM! BOM! BAM! BOM! BAM! BOM! BAM! BOM! BAM! BOM!

Thud! After the last flip, he flew to the top of one of the houses and stared at the mages.

CRACKLE! Two appeared on each of his sides with a burst of lightning. CRACK! The mage at the left released a blast of flames from his staff white the other released a stone spike.

Using his bare hands, Chad smashed the stone spike and snuffed the flames. The two mages gasped seeing their magic get stopped like that.

PAT! A third mage touched Chad's back [Teleport]

The scenery in front of Chad changed. He was on the ground and falling upside down. In the same instant, ahead of him one of the mages threw his staff roaring.

"AWOOOOOO!" Fur covered his body, his nose became longer like a snout and his palms became bigger. As the sharp claws became appeared, the mage's true nature surfaced. A werewolf.

He rushed at Chad swinging one of his claws.

Chad landed on his hands, drilled his fingers on the ground, and swung his foot deflecting the claw.

'Impossible, deflecting my strike while standing on his hands.' The werewolf mind couldn't comprehend what happened.

Thwack! Thwack! Chad kicked the werewolf in the jaw and chest in quick succession. Thud! With a single push from his left hand, his whole body spun, and got back on his feet.

Confused and with a cracked jaw, the werewolf swung a claw at Chad's neck which got deflected instantly. 'I couldn't even see his hand move, what is this human?'

"Whelp, I only care about the Alpha." Chad smiled, grabbing the werewolf's snout tightly shut with one hand. With the other, he swung a fist at the werewolf's heart. BAM! Chad's fist hit a magical barrier of a strange nature.

"How could you lose to a human?" A woman from the mages yelled as she held her staff high, she was the one casting the barrier.

"Cause he is a whelp, so is you…" Chad said, CRACK! The barrier cracked and Chad's fist punched a hole in the werewolf's chest. Pulling his hand, he swung the other like a snake breaking the werewolf's skull for good measure.

"You damned Human!" the woman shouted, pointing her staff at Chad. A long stone spike formed, a burst of flame emanating from its rear end. [Dis Spear] The woman shouted and the spear flew at Chad, being propelled by the flames.

After taking a deep breath, Chad bent his body to the side, grabbing the spear with one hand and tightening his chest and abdominal muscles. His body spun in place, and he released the spear back at her.

Shocked at what just happened, the woman mage was a bit late in dispelling her spell. The spear instantly blew a hole in her abdomen, sending her motionless corpse rolling across the hill.

Chad exhaled, stood straight up, and turned to stare at the other mages. "Who's next?"

Ariel started laughing, "You lot are really weak…I bet Asmodeus is really disappointed by you." She was almost rolling off the house's roof.

"You damned angel, dare to insult us!" One of the mages growled, lifting his staff.

"Of course I do, you failure idiots. Chad hasn't even resorted to magic yet, you high and mighty devils are getting slapped around by a human whom you refused to bow to." She glared at them with a menacing glare, "Tell that idiot Michael's words, you who has deserted, one day your judgment shall befall!"

"Not like we can deliver your words even if we tried." One of the mages growled with a sore face, Ariel kept laughing while Chad realized it.

"Something happened to Asmodeus?" He approached them.

"Why would a human like you care? Another devil, a blond bitch imprisoned him below the ninth layer." One of them growled, his face twisting.

A voice suddenly boomed behind them. "That's a mere lie, the king of hell can't be imprisoned by any devil. His power is the command over all devils after all. I would believe a human imprisoned him before a devil."

As everyone looked up, Cain and Sofia were staring down at them. The devil mages flinched as they sensed Sofia's presence.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Ariel smiled, "Well spoken, each time you prove yourself more knowledgeable than I expect."

The mages' faces turned sore, they glared up at Sofia, "Lady Tiamat, queen of all chromatic dragons. We sensed your resurrection and came here to request your aid, please save Lord Asmodeus." One of the mages shouted as if pleading.

Silence fell for a moment as they awaited Sofia's answer, she didn't even need to think about it. "You're lying, and even if what you said was the truth, why would I save the Devil Lord?" Sofia replied glaring down at them.

"Huh…" Some of the mages gasped, that wasn't the response the Tiamat they know would give.

At that moment, Sofia dropped down at high speed. SPLAT! Her foot stomped one of the mages flat on the ground.

"You all die here," Sofia said in a cold voice.

As the other mages started shaking, a voice rang inside the pocket of one of them. "Ramol, that bitch is here on this layer! We spotted her inside Tiamat's fortress."

Everyone froze upon hearing that, "She must have felt Tiamat's resurrection as well, I bet she already spotted us and will engage immediately. I can sense Tiamat by your side so you talk to her." The call ended the mages stared at each other.

Sofia swung her fist immediately.

…Inside the fortress, a few moments ago…

An Abishai came in running toward Abornazine, panting, he said, "Sir, a group of devil mages has walked out of the second layer's gate. They request an audience with Tiamat."

Abornazine looked noticeably worried, 'Why? How did they know?'

Alice walked toward him, "Shall I meet them instead? Or this is a troubling sign?" She asked sensing his anxiety.

"Most likely trouble, sit at the back and don't show yourself unless they attacked. We Abishai can fight them off well but it will lift the troop's morale for you to be with them." He said standing tall, quickly turning toward the Abishai who informed him, "Hurry, send the best Ten soldiers with me to meet them. You gather the rest and Lady Alice to await as support."

As the soldier rushed ahead, Abornazine turned toward Alice, "Lady Alice, I'm not disrespecting with this, right?" He finally realized that he ordered someone who sat with Tiamat on her throne.

"Not at all, you know how to command them better. I will support you as much as I can." Alice said with a cheerful smile. She has an army of Abishai, what could go wrong?

A few moments later, everything went wrong.

"Listen, old man, we're messengers carrying an important order from Asmodeus. Where is Tiamat?" The mage leader growled lifting his staff up.

"I told you, you're being disrespectful to her majesty. She is out feasting and will be back soon!" Abornazine growled back, his guards getting anxious.

"We're not waiting, this is an urgent matter! Call her right now, she will heed Asmodeus' command!" The mage's staff glowed blue, a lightning bolt shocked one of the Abishai killing him on the spot. That was the war signal, and Alice immediately flew in.

One moment, the mages were yelling at Abornazine. The other moment, they froze in place terrified.