Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

One of the mages finally reacted, he flew to the back and took a crystal orb from his pocket "Ramol, that bitch is here on this layer! We spotted her inside Tiamat's fortress." He screamed.

All the other mages instantly lifted their staffs, aiming them at Alice and charging as much magic as they can. "DIE!" They screamed in rage.

"Huh!" Alice gasped as she got blasted in the face with all those spells, why did they react like that to seeing her?

As the magic exploded, the mage in the back yelled again into the orb "She must have felt Tiamat's resurrection as well, I bet she already spotted us and will engage immediately. I can sense Tiamat by your side so you talk to her." He then threw the orb away and got his magic ready.

"Tiamat will be here to help us, hold her until then no matter what!" He shouted [Fly] Blasting toward at an immense speed.

From the smoke caused by the magic earlier, two yellow eyes glared at him. Soon, he saw white fangs…ROAR! 'A Rakshasa…' He mumbled as his entire face got bitten off by Selena.

BAM! The smoke cleared as a blast of air exploded. In the middle, Zaleria was standing in her humanoid form with her wings fully open. Beside her stood grace with a whole squad of succubi, and Alice was unscathed as she blocked the magic with a holy sword.

One of the mages growled, "You accursed devil and your holy magic, kill her!" He screamed and rushed toward Alice in a rage.

Alice took a deep breath, expanding her wings and charging as much holy magic as she could in her right hand and as much decay curse in her left hand. [Dawn] a spell that creates a beak of holy light that can burn undead and devils [Dusk] a spell that conjures a wave of dark curse energy that rots anything that it touches. She simultaneously cast the two opposite spells in a swirling blast.

The mage tried to block but it was useless, the holy magic weakened and burned him while the curse caused his flesh to rot. When the spell ended, not a single hair was left of him.

With that, Alice released all of her magic that she was suppressing, and everyone in the fortress could feel it. An upper-rank devil who can control both holy and cursed magic, even Abornazine has never felt such a powerful presence.

Malta and Spindle were just outside the fortress when they felt it. "What is this?" Malta wandered with a confused look. She has never felt such a terrifying presence besides Tiamat.

"Lady Alice…" Spindle turned around, spreading his wings "Spindle is coming!" He flew away immediately and Malta followed him. The remaining devils did the same, their mission has changed from gathering the other devils to helping Alice in her fight.

Inside the keep, the mages stood confused at the sight…the most noticeable thing was the monster standing there, the Rakshasa.

They expected to see dragons, it was strange that it was a female but Tiamat can do her things. Before they used to find multiple male consorts who entertained her. The succubi won't be a big deal, most of the mages here are immune to charm. That blond bitch, who arrogantly called herself Asmodeus is something they didn't expect to see, and lastly the Rakshasa.

They know how to deal with everyone, besides those two.

One of the mages lifted his staff, "Rakshasa, I know you're being held, hostage. We're all fighting on the same side so come join us." He said staring at Selena. The mage thought, 'It's but a female but she brought her here, she must be strong.'

Selena wasn't listening to them, her body was swollen and got covered in black fur. As she took her jaguar shape, the mages took a step back. All the mages instantly thought of the same thing, 'We're right, she is a duke!'

"Listen, we don't want to fight you!" One of the mages screamed, "Do you…" CRACK! Zaleria flew in and tore his head off.

"What are you all going about? I'm here and you dare look away?" She transformed into her draconic form.

Alice flew to Zaleria's back and started projecting her healing and cursed magic. Simultaneously dealing damage to the mages while making sure her allies' injuries heal immediately.

Seeing that, one of the mages lifted his hands up. "We surrender, don't attack!" He yelled throwing his staff and putting his head to the ground in front of Zaleria.

"How nice of you…" Zaleria was about to speak when SPLAT! Selena rushed in and crushed the man's head on the ground with her paw.

"Selena, he surrendered!" Zaleria said staring at her, the mages looked terrified, they were right, the Rakshasa can't be fooled.

Selena silently bites the mage's arm off, spitting a small wooden wand. "Got a hunch, he still had the eyes of a hunter-gaw," Selena said growling.

As everyone looked in silence, Abornazine was the first to speak. "Kill them all, there is no room for negotiation with them now!"

Zaleria swung her claw at one of the mages, she can't use her breath to not harm Selena or the succubi.

Gracie used the shadow to teleport and stab one of the mages in the back. Melissa flew in dodging a fireball and then snapped the mage's neck. The other succubi rushed behind her.

Selena ran directly toward the mages, tanking their spells as if they were nothing, at the end she lunged. Opening her mouth Selena bit the mage's skull killing him immediately.

[Lightning bolt] One of the mages lifted his staff and flung the spell at her. "Idiot, use seventh-…" His advice came late, his friend's head had been crushed in the Rakshasa jaw.

'Rakshasa is known to read minds, manipulate, and more, they are immune to sixth-tier or lower magic, all no magical weapons as well…that is on top of their nasty curses… facing a duke was just unfair.' He thought flying away. Those were the warrior who protected Asmodeus, his personal guards, and his advisers.

Before he could reach the gate, he felt the rakshasa's claws piercing his back. And in the next moment, his head was gone.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

…When Cain, Sofia, Chad, and Ariel returned, the fight was already over.

"Cain!" Alice rushed toward Cain, "Are all right?" she asked with a worried face.

Cain looked around at the fight aftermath, blood was everywhere, and Zaleria was talking to Abornazine in the corner. Gracie and Selena slowly approached Cain to check on him while the succubus stood a bit far away and bowed.

"I should be asking about your safety, you were attacked as well?" He asked.

Alice scratched her head, "Yeah, they asked Abornazine about meeting Tiamat but suddenly snapped upon seeing my face…" She said with a sad face, "They even called me a bitch…is it because of my holy magic?"

"Doubt that, they said something about Asmodeus being imprisoned by a blond devil. They mistook you for someone related to him." Cain said while scratching his non-existing beard, "I tried taking them hostage but they just killed themselves."

Abornazine approached them, "You can always resurrect from death here, but getting caught is a different story." He opened his mouth to show everyone a sigil that was engraved inside. "Every important person has one, death can be a last resort to escape."