Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Cain flew away as he watched Titania giggle, she has gotten hold of the forest, and her aura started to feel closer to that of Sylph. Not as powerful but similar in magic nature.

Ishtar giggled sitting on the tree branch, "Why are you running, I finally started to feel it. Is this what you meant by spirit magic?"

With a loud rumble, all the trees twisted and extended like snakes. BAM! BAM! The trunks exploded releasing tens of wooden spears at Cain.

Swoosh! He flew at high speed, dodging all the projectiles while keeping an eye on Ishtar. 'She took control of the spirit magic we made.' The first brain said. 'With just one spirit stone, the magic will listen to her before us, we're not fey.' The second brain uttered.

[Telekinesis] Cain grabbed one of the wooden spears and flung it back at Ishtar. 'Close this demi-plane, cut her magic source.' Morena growled, 'Do it quickly, don't let her eat your magic.' Gray added.

'She already consuming my Mana, if I suddenly cut her supply she will die. We want her to stay alive.' The first brain replied to them.

'Kill her, don't be lenient.' Morena screamed inside his head, she would prefer to kill her.

As Cain was thinking about his action, conflicted with himself Ishtar appeared hugging his back. "Let's play!" Her high-pitched voice boomed, BOOM! She exploded in a blast of spirit magic.

Cain flew away covered in a magic barrier, "You're a real problem!" He growled, sensing her location and teleporting there.

Ishtar sent a wooden clone of herself to Cain while she sat in the trees watching.

Cain appeared behind her. She turned around and he kicked her in the face knocking her out of the tree. As she stood back, tentacles wrapped around her body and smacked her to the ground.

CLACK! Hundreds of wooden spikes exploded from her body tearing the tentacles apart, she flew toward Cain and punched him in the face. Her fist stopped right before touching his nose, blocked by a magical barrier.

Cain opened his mouth and a fire breath exploded, ROAR! He used the Draconis fundamentum of the red dragon Selena hunted. Ishtar leaped back and avoided the flames, watching Cain scream his lungs off, tens of light orbs emerging around his body.

[Elemental burst: Fire burst] [Elemental burst: lightning burst] [Elemental burst: Frost burst] [Elemental burst: Acid burst] [Elemental burst: Necrotic burst] [Elemental burst: Thunder burst] [Elemental burst: Water burst] [Elemental burst: Ground burst] [Elemental burst: Air burst] [Elemental burst: Telekinetic burst] [Elemental burst: Force burst]

Ishtar immediately felt it, her inner being shaking at the ineffable cocktail of magic she saw getting brewed. It didn't matter what it was or how to understand, all she needed to know was that she will die if got hit.

She flew away, golden drops trailing after her glowing body. "Damn It! Damn It! Damn It! Damn It! Damn It! Damn It! Damn It! He's a monster, a real monster, need to avoid that."

As Cain screamed, hundreds of elemental orbs, spears, and blasts flew toward Ishtar in a never-ending stream. It didn't matter what resistance she had, she was certain that if she resisted one element, another will kill her.

BOOM! BAM! SPLASH! SCORCH! THWACK! CRACK! The elemental magic chased her everywhere, and the moment she dodge, the spell explode almost killing her. She is like a fly dodging tens of exploding Ballista.

In her run, she suddenly changed her direction to backward. The magic flew past her while she rushed back toward Cain in a surprise attack. Opening her palm, [Spirit Storm]

Cain lifted his hand [Spirit Storm] copying her move as easily as he breathed, and the two spells clashed in a blinding light. Ishtar seemed to be winning, Cain merely copied the spell she used hundreds of times.

In her moment of joy, Cain took the chance and made his move. He stopped casting the spell, teleporting directly in front of her. GRWA! He grabbed her by the neck and squeezed as hard as he could.

CRACK! Her neck cracked and then shattered. Cain got surprised, he didn't use enough force to achieve that.

As her headless body seemed to be on the verge of falling, a wooden spear launched from the ground piercing her torso. A faint rumble resonated from her body, the spear got absorbed and her head grew back. She opened her mouth blasting Cain with a spirit blast.

Getting flung away, he seemed unharmed thanks to his barrier "Using the trees' wood to regenerate, a true spirit of the woods. But you fall short, I will let her deal with you." Cain smiled flying up in the sky.

"She is the expert in spirit magic, and who can teach you how to use it…" BAM! BAM! The demi-plane started rumbling, the forest cried as her presence slowly surfaced. She has been called, how could she not reply?

Ishtar froze in place, her teeth cracking and her body wobbling the forest no longer heeded her words as she has come.

Ishtar's guard pissed herself and passed away, twitching as she appeared beside her. The woman's scent alone was enough to intoxicate their brains. CLICK! CLACK! She walked slowly toward the unconscious guard.

Looking down, with a push of her feet she flipped her on her back. "You're not her, you're obedient and submissive." The woman bent down looking at the guard with a smile, her red eyes glowing with an immeasurable power that can't be easily fathomed.

The woman started to giggle, feeling a strong tingling inside her body. 'He's here, he's up there watching me…I want to go to him…but that isn't my mission, he called me to teach her a lesson…But I really want to go to him now, bask in his presence…'

She could feel her teeth tingling as the strange grin covered her face. It then quickly turned passive… "But I haven't united all the elves…nor control Lilia or Varis…that's a failure unworthy of praise…" She then smiled, drooling "But worthy of punishment…"

She quickly shook her head, her long ears flapping to her face from how hard she shook. "No, that would be of incompetence. I can always get it for less wasteful things, I shall get my job done to be worthy of praise, then disrespect him for punishments." She bent down, taking her shoes off.

"Let's start…this is a demi-plane he made. I can be as disrespectful to step on it with my shoes…now I will!" she put them back and stared up…Cain didn't move.

She sighed in disappointment, "Work is it." She flicked her fingers. CLICK!

THWACK! CRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAC! In an instant, from what she saw, Ishtar became certain. This is the end for her.

With the flick of her finger, the entire forest got sucked into the elf woman's body, turning the vast plane back to a deserted land. The woman looked up at Ishtar, "Come here, little fairy."

Ishtar's body started to shake, regretting ever coming here. 'How many times? How many chances did I have to submit? The ineffable, I wasn't understanding what kind of monster I was facing.' She started floating backward, 'For him to call such a being, who is him?' She wondered.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Come down here, before I drag you down," Sylph growled with a smile, her ruby-red eyes glowing with a menacing light. "Master wants us on the ground, don't be a naughty girl and steal my place…" Ishtar started to shake.