Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Ishtar gulped down, bringing her hands together and screaming. "Die!" She released a blast of spirit magic toward Sylph.

CRACK! In the blink of an eye. A towering great tree rose from the ground reaching the sky. Its massive trunk easily tanked the blow.

Sylph smiled standing on one of the branches, "Are sure about this? Wasting your magic like this?"

Ishtar then realized that the air was dry, and she has nothing to feast upon. This elvish woman has devoured everything in sight.

Sylph flicked her fingers, the branch morphed into a throne that she sat on looking down upon Ishtar. "When two spirit mages fight, it's always determined by who can command the natural world better. The more you are attuned to plants, water, and earth, the more powerful you get."

Ishtar wasn't listening. Flying directly toward Sylph with a raging face, her body burning with what spirit magic remained in her. The moment she approached Sylph, the tree branches easily caught her.

Watching Ishtar growl as the hard branches squeezed her, Sylph laughed, "Master is strong, far from both of us. But for spirit magic, I was the one to teach him." She lifted her palm and a wooden sword appeared. The blade was made of hardwood while the handle was covered in dark green leaves, a long vein extended from it waving around Sylph's throne.

Ishtar gasped feeling the condensed magic hiding in that blade, [Yggdrasil Blade] "Master is a strong spirit mage, you happened to be a bit stronger as Titania…Now show me if you can stand to the world tree."

Sylph released Ishtar from her bind so she can fight back. Cain wanted to leave Titania alive, which is why he called an expert. Even though she was happy to be called, she can't stay for long.

Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

"Master, I have to finish this quickly. The elvish kingdom is defenseless in my absence." Sylph said, her voice naturally booming across the tree leaves until it reached Cain.

"What about Lilia? She is there, right?" He asked with a puzzled face.

"You're the one who gave her work, she went out to search for the Tarrasque. Dragons are bound to take advantage of these moments." She replied with a slightly sad voice. Charging toward Ishtar who threw a wooden spear.

Sylph swung her blade down, its edge extended. Slicing right through the spear, scarring Ishtar. This was a locked demi-plane, she couldn't run away. Her only choice is to fight to the death.

Ishtar clenched her teeth, gathering what remained of spirit magic in her body, ready to detonate as she did with her clone earlier. If she can't win, she will at least take Cain down with her.

She zapped toward Cain in a mad rage, she has never flown so fast nor felt as clear. "Do you think I will go down so easily?"

CRACK! For a moment she was looking up at Cain, the next moment she was only seeing the bottom of Sylph's shoe. CRACK! Sylph stomped Ishtar's face, sucking all spirit magic from her body she dropped with her to the ground. Thwack, they crashed down, Sylph stomping Ishtar's face under her foot.

"You will go down easily. I'm not just a better spirit mage, Yggdrasil supplies me with an infinite amount of the purest spirit magic. Be obedient, or I will enslave your whole race into submission." Two queens clashed the queen of the elves and the queen of the fairies. The elvish queen came superior, as she was closer to the fey holy symbol, the world tree.

Ishtar's body returned to normal, she looked on the verge of passing out from both the lack of spirit magic and exhaustion. Going on a rampage like that had a massive toll on her body.

With an evil smile, Sylph granted a bit of her spirit magic to Ishtar so she can heal and stand up. It was in the form of a small wooden needle that she fire directly into Ishtar's chest.

After a gasp, Ishtar started coughing and groaning. Her entire body screamed in pain, her head was spinning.

Sylph smiled extending her foot to Ishtar, "Lick it."

Having no choice at hand, Ishtar licked it. Sylph giggled, quickly grabbing Ishtar by the hair and dragging her toward Cain with a smile. "Master! I got her to submit!" Cain flew down, the moment he landed before her. Sylph disappeared letting Ishtar's face fall to the ground.

Cain sighed, the last thing he saw was Sylph's pissed-off face.

…

ROAR! In the elvish capital, a great wyrm red dragon roared breathing a gargantuan flame blast at the elvish royal castle.

"You bastard!" Sylph appeared from nowhere screaming, she flew toward the dragon's breath in rage. Swinging her fist, the breath splashed everywhere as she pierced it into the dragon.

The dragon froze in place, a moment ago they sensed her disappearance and though it was a good chance to attack, she returned so quickly.

With a burned left arm, Sylph grabbed the dragon's snout. Her eyes glowed red and her face filled with popping veins. "You're here, el-…GRWAAA!" The dragon cried as Sylph clenched her fist tearing a chunk of his majestic snout.

The world tree behind the elvish capital started to shake, bend and twist. Its ancient roots move, quickly extending to tie the dragon. "Do you know what I missed thanks to you?" Sylph growled as she swing the dragon to the ground, over and over she smacked him till his bones cracked.

ROAR! The dragon opened his mouth to breathe flames. BLAT! Sylph clogged his throat with one of the massive roots, "He you suffer bastard," BAM! BAM! BAM! She started smacking him again and again until the elvish houses in the city cracked.

Finally, a flash emitted from the dragon's body he was about to explode. [Ophiocordyceps unilateralis] Sylph pointed with her finger toward the dragon, a large fungus grew on his head and the explosion stopped.

She lifted him up with the roots and smacked him on the ground again and again and again. Not letting him die or fight back. She kept on it for hours until his body turned into mush. As his corpse lay unmoving, Sylph flew back to the Royal castle with a pissed-off face.

The guards avoided her path as she walked in, "Go clean the mess," She growled as two maids followed her with worried faces.

…

Cain stared down as he saw Ishtar pass out with a twisted face. Click! Flicking his finger, the guard's body floated toward him as well. He looked at them, the two were strong but they sure didn't expect to face someone like Sylph.

Flicking his finger again, the cast two spells. One to close the demi-plane and the second one to shrink them enough to fit inside Mei's grove.

PING! Cain appeared back in the throne room holding both Ishtar and her guard by his side with [Telekinesis]

Mei rushed toward him with a smile, "Master, you got them?" she asked looking at the two by his side.

Cain nodded with a smile, "You can say that it was their choice to fight after all."

"I will prepare a room for them, do you need anything?" She stared at him.

Cain shook his head, "I'm fine, just get us a private room to talk in."