Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

With his smile, the orb light became stronger "1000MP in all its glory. This is what I usually give Mei to dilute and feed the pixies. I don't recommend eating this whole unless you're brave enough.

Ishtar froze in her place glaring at the thing, it looked fantastic.

The guard lunged out, "Give it to me!" Cain blocked her with a kick and pinned her to the ground with [Telekinesis] "What gotten into you!" Ishtar cried shaking her guard.

Mei who was sitting beside Cain started twitching slightly, yet she kept her cool. This isn't the first time she saw the 1000MP orb, in fact, he almost gave her one each night to dilute. She did once try eating one whole, it was an experience that even she knew was unhealthy.

Cain's excess MP, when he's going to sleep with full MP, or when he is regenerating passively. He doesn't radiate that mana as most people do. If he did, everyone would notice him as a chimera, not a human. He was letting it accumulate and then releasing it into the maze in the form of a 1000MP orb that Mei get.

"Can you calm down a bit? I'm not done yet, I will show you what no one has ever seen before." With Cain's words, the orb sparked as if about to explode. It got as large as Cain's head and then got compressed again to the size of a bean.

The sheer power held, the unimaginable existence of such a thing. This was beyond pure, this mana condensed to the point it almost became liquid.

"10000MP Orb, I believe you won't find anyone besides me who can make it." He said with a proud face but quickly stopped, "No, the laughing tornado could make it. She is the one who taught me how to compress mana after all."

Cain immediately clenched his fist on the orb reabsorbing it, the girls needed some time to rest, and comprehend what they smelled.

'What was that?' Ishtar wandered trying to make sense of what she just saw. That man was condensed far more than even some spells, it was almost a liquid. Just touching that will burn the skin. No, how was it stable? How would expect such a thing to explode at the touch?

"Cain…how many of that you can make?" Mei asked with a frozen face, she even forget to call Cain master.

Cain thought about it, scratching his none-existing beard, and then spoke, "About one a minute…and four seconds to make one. My mana regeneration isn't that high so I can spam it…" Cain's sleeping mana regeneration was 9390 MP/min. If he always had one brain asleep, he could do it passively making him able to achieve that.

Mei shook her head, "Isn't that high, what are you on about? What will you then call high, are you a monster?" She could believe him, he want to spam a 10000 MP condensed mana orb, for what?

"Yeah, you already know I'm a monster. I want to be able to at least spam ninth-tier spells once a second. Right now I can barely cast ten a minute without running out."

A ninth-tier spell usually took around 1000MP. This means he can cast nine [Meteor Fall] a minute without running out of MP. His ultimate goal is to cast one a second, just because Lilia can do more than that.

"Sorry, I know you're a monster but I just didn't understand how big of a monster you are. Aren't you on the door of a magic god or something?" Mei said with an exhausted face.

"No way, neither I nor the laughing tornado Lilia are even close to a god. That is just a term that can't be used by us mortals. We're still far too weak." Cain replied.

"If you're weak, then what about us?" Mei gasped with an annoyed face.

"You're weak like us. No matter what strength someone reaches, they must see themselves as weak. That is the only way they can advance forward. Just keep the mentality that there is always someone better, there is always room for improvement, and with you will move forward. The moment you think you have reached your goal, that is the moment you fail."

"The wisdom of an old man?"

Cain laughed, he was really an old man, but those weren't words of wisdom, they were his personal look at improvements. I know this spell, how do I enchant to become better?

"Now, let's focus on the important thing." He looked at Ishtar, "You want this." He re-created the 10000 MP mana orb as if it was nothing.

Ishtar and her guard gulped, "Yeah, what is your price?" Ishtar was already drooling.

Cain scratched his chin, "Ishtar might survive eating this, but you will be stuck in euphoria for a while though. For Mei and you there, only death awaits." He stared at Mei and the guard.

After thinking for a while, Cain managed to come up with his price for steadily supplying Ishtar with those MP orbs.

"Mei will remain ruling this grove, you Ishtar, I want you to be her slave in private." He smiled, "In front of people you remain Titania but Mei is the one ruling from the shadows." Cain explained, he wanted to repeat what he did with Sylph. This will allow for a smothered transaction of power.

"No way, how do you expect me to bow to her?" Ishtar growled and her guard nodded energetically behind her.

"Well as you can see, I trust Mei more than you, and she is far more obedient than you. Look." Cain looked at Mei, "Lick my feet."

Mei leaped immediately and started licking them, "Now lick Ishtar's feet." Without a moment of hesitation, she lunged at her. "Now the guard…" She didn't care jumped and grabbed the guard's feet. "Come back." Mei quickly rushed to sit by his side.

"See? I never ordered her like this before but she is far more obedient than you, this is why I trust her with a higher position and more freedom." Cain patted Mei's head. "The fact that you didn't immediately accept being under her is proof that I shouldn't give you a lot of power."

"I can understand what you're coming from…but that is impossible." Ishtar shook her head refusing the offer, she can't let an outside force tinker with the pixie kingdom.

Cain glared at her… "I see…" He waved the 10000MP orb around, sending a whiff toward them. "How about you there," He looked at the guard and created a 1000MP orb. "Lick Mei's feet as your new master and you can have this…"

The guard looked at Ishtar and then at Cain, she started shaking her head over and over. She then took a deep breath calming down, she looked at Ishtar, "Well, there is only one way to achieve an understanding." She smiled, "You majesty Ishtar, please accept his offer."

Ishtar looked dumbfounded for a moment, "This was about you, will you betray me for a mana orb or not."Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"As I said, the only way for all of us to get what we want is for you to accept his offer. Because believe me, no pixie will refuse this offer but you." The guard exclaimed with a straight face. "This deal is already shady enough, what the harm in adding a bit more into it?"

Pure mana was addictive to pixies, owning anything stronger than 100MP orb was illegal in the pixie's kingdom. If the people knew she got her hand on 10000MP Orb, a rebellion might occur.