Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Ishtar thought about it really hard, she need to get her head around this situation. She looked at the white walls and the wooden ground, the bedsheet, and the flower pot at the side. She should sense some spirit magic but this room was clear, not a single whiff.

'Is it his doing, or is it that monster?' She remembered Sylph, that woman wasn't an elf, she was a demon. Her control over spirit magic seemed strange, she didn't try to grasp the magic, it flew to her naturally. A second fight with him will only result in her death, and it doesn't seem that he will let her out alive without accepting his offer.

"Ok, I will accept the offer if we married." She said staring at him. 'If I have no choice, I will at least tie him to me. There is no way he will…'

"No thank you, I already have enough wives," Cain replied scratching his ear.

"Wives, one or even two is fine. I can be the third or the fourth, I don't mind. How much do you have?" She asked with a smile, 'I got to this point, there is no way I will back down because of…'

"Enough to fill a small city, if I counted all the women under me it's over three hundred ones." Cain counted the succubus and the pixies which is the bulk of the total number, he then added his maids, Marina's maids, the princesses, and the girls. He was also sure that Sylph had prepared a flock at her side, there were also some devils under Sylph's rules who are willing.

"Th-three hundred?" Both Ishtar and her guard exclaimed. This was a ridiculous number, everything should have a limit. "There is no way you can keep up…"

"I can…want to test me?" He replied with a smile.

"Hell no!" Ishtar gasped. What has she gotten herself entangled into? Her advisor was right, chasing the mana orb was bound to get her tangled in something bad.

Cain sat on the bed, sitting Mei on his lap and smiling. "What do you say?"

After a moment of hesitation, Ishtar sighed, "Fine, fine, I accept your deal. Not that I have a better choice." She sighed staring at him with slightly sad eyes.

Cain flicked his finger and the door behind them got unlocked, "You can leave then, report to Mei every now and then." His words made Ishtar freeze in place, "Wait, what about the mana orbs?" She stared at him.

"Well, as I said before. If you want them, you have to lick Mei's feet and become her slave. If we took those orbs out of the deal, we can work on equal footing." Cain replied with a smile.

GRAA! Ishtar growled, grabbing Mei's feet and licking her toes. "Give me the damn, orbs!" Her guard also joined in.

As Mei sat baffled, Cain grinned. He knew those too were addicts, they will never pass such a chance. As long as he has what they want, they will be obedient and easy to control.

"You want it, I have it. But just to make sure…" Cain lifted his finger and created two 1000 MP orbs, "First, have a taste of this." Both Ishtar her and her guard leaped up gulping the two orbs in one bite. This was almost twice as concentrated as what Mei would consider dangerous to consume.

Ahhh! The guard fell on her face twitching and giggling, she tightly grabbed her stomach. Drips seemed to pour from her underside as the euphoric feeling washed over her body. A pixie's body, unlike that of a human who is made mostly of water, they are made mostly of mana. They have a mana thirst, a hardwired desire to seek mana and consume it.

Ishtar on the other hand shuddered with a smile on her face, a string of drool dripping from her lips as she took a few deep breaths. She never tasted such a thing, so pure, so dense and so heavy.

After eating those, the two bent again licking Mei's feet on their own as if asking for more.

Cain flicked his finger and conjured a 10000MP orb, "This is for Ishtar, none for you as you might die." He said staring at the guard.

The guard immediately despaired, "Give me some!" she rushed to lick Cain's feet but he knocked her unconscious with a [Sleep] spell. "No means no. Don't want you dead."

He then waved the orb in his hand, and Ishtar followed it with her eyes. As he didn't seem to give it to her, she proceeded to lick his feet, "Please give it to me."

"Aren't you teasing her a bit too much?" Mei asked, "Just give it to her,"

"Well, this just doesn't seem enough…" Cain wondered, "I will cast a slave contract on you, are fine with it?" He asked.

"Please do." Ishtar has finally stopped caring, this was Cain's signal to know it was safe to work with her.

Cain stood up stretching his arms, "Lay on the bed, I will get it done quickly and give you the orb." He started getting the magic ready.

…

In a faraway land, the sun has fallen and the night started. Under the breezing cold ear and the moonlight. A group of samurai ran through the forest under the trees' shadows. Their steps gently boomed in the air as they approached the abandoned building.

AGRAAAA! They heard the pained scream of a woman from the darkness, this place looked with death scent, blood. The birds were nowhere to be seen and the humidity was high, crackling can be heard in the wind.VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

The samurais surrounded the building as fast as they could, pulled the swords, and lit more lanterns than they might need. Slowly approaching the building, they carried small talismans in their hands.

"Demon, we know you're here so get out!" One of the men yelled taunting the unholy creature inside.

BANG! They kicked the door open and stared inside.

From the darkness, the woman they heard screaming earlier rushed out missing an arm and with a half-naked body filled with fresh wounds. 'She made it out!' the samurais were overjoyed for a moment.

"This way. We will protect you!" one of them screamed as he left a path for her to pass.

Just behind the running woman, a half-mantis half-man rushed at them. The creature looked humanoid enough but had the head and forearms of a mantis, from the blood on its mouth, it was feeding on the woman.

They pulled their blades and swung. The demon dodged to the side, swinging his sharp hand at them. He managed to slice the hand of one of them. GRAAA! The man growled leaping ahead and hugging the demon, "No, kill him!" He screamed and the other samurais rushed in, stabbing the demon through their ally.

The demon seemed dead, but they needed to make sure so they removed their ally and went on. Stabbing the demon over and over, eventually dragging his mutilated body outside to burn it.

One of the samurais approached the woman, "It's fine, the demon is no more. We lost a friend, but the demons killing spree shall now stop." He smiled.

The woman was crying shivering as she stared up at him, "We're safe, right, the demon is dead?" She started crying.

The samurai hugged her, "It's fine, relax."

GhuA! He gasped and the other samurais stared at him, blood was dripping from his stomach as he hugged the woman. "Lady, you're still bleeding? Come here I will tighten the wrap around you…"

As he approached, he saw it, a spike growing from the woman's severed arm and piercing the samurai's chest.

"You humans are really stupid." The woman grinned.