Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Back to Cain, he has already enslaved Ishtar and her guard. This was a necessary step to assure they won't turn at him. Ishtar was able to handle her own against him after all, he would be stupid not to enslave her when he got the chance to do it.

Cain looked across the bed, Mei was sitting there staring at him. The guard was slowly waking up and Ishtar was fully awake and awaiting her 10000MP orb.

Cain flexed his back and stared down at Ishtar. "Here, I will give you the orb." Cain conjured her reward but she sat still, awaiting him to hand it over. Seeing her act like that on her own told him that she was starting to understand how to act a little bit.

He handed her the orb. She grabbed it in her hand, drooling. Her eyes glowed as she hesitated to take the bite. For a moment she stared at Cain and Mei, "Can I do it?" she asked with a worried face.

Cain lifted his hands, "You're either going to feel too good or too bad, either way, you won't think straight for at least a minute." Mei looked at Cain, "Can't you do anything to make sure she stays safe? Eating such a condensed Mana orb can be dangerous even if she was Titania."

Cain looked at Mei and thought about it really well. If Ishtar ate the orb, there was no way he can extract the mana from her body. The reason was simple, the moment she ate the orb, the mana will get converted into spirit magic. Since she was better at that, he can't control her mana.Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"I could help if I found a catalyzed to pass the mana thro…" His eyes fell on Mei and the guard.

Mei stared at him with a puzzled face, Ishtar was sweating as she wanted to gulp the orb so badly.

"Give me a minute to make a sort call," Cain called Alice through a message.

Mei, Ishtar, and her guard watched him sit still for a while as he talked.

"By the way, what's your name again?" Mei asked looking at the guard, she forget it.

"Didn't I tell you before? Alva, how old are you to start forgetting names?" The guard stared at her.

"No…I was just a little bit busy…got swooped and forget it." Mei replied with a proud face as if that was a thing to be proud of.

Both Alva and Ishtar sighed, this was their new master? No, their new master was Cain and they served Mei as an intermediary.

"A rough start…to think I asked him to lick my feet and he ended up making me lick yours." Ishtar sighed, she already gave up everything and was slowly seeing Mei in a different way.

"Don't be sad your majesty!" Alva cried, "I will lick yours every day!"

Both Mei and Ishtar stared at her, "Yeah…will keep that in mind." They both replied at the same time.

Ishtar stared at Mei, "Any tips to deal with him? Don't want to have him blow at me for something…"

Mei scratched her head, "I saw Cain angry before, I doubt you could anything to enrage him. But his wives are a different matter, there are four you must worry about."

Mei started telling Ishtar about Sofia, Alice, Selena, and Gracie and how to deal with them. Sofia, they must avoid showing a direct interest in Cain, or she might get triggered. Selena was a bit wild and playful so she might hurt them by mistake, Gracie won't care as long as Cain won't care.

"Lady Alice would be the biggest problem, she is quite hard-headed and strict. When you meet her, I suggest kissing her feet as a minimum." Mei said with a straight face.

Ishtar looked a bit surprised, "Hold up, is she Cain's criteria? Is she the one dominating or something?"

Mei shook her head, "To my knowledge, she is Cain's slave just like you. If she was, he is just going on with her whims."

As the girls were talking, Cain finished his Call with Alice and turned toward them with a smile, "Got the green light, they are informed."

It immediately flashed in Mei's head what he meant, "Hold up now? Why?"

"To keep Ishtar stable, I would need to use you as an intermediatory to siphon her magic if she went overcharged. Though we could do it while she licks your feet." Cain said with a straight face.

Mei stood up, "Why? That isn't necessary, you can just siphon her magic by holding hands like this." Mei grabbed Cain's hand with her right and Ishtar by her left. "See, you can do it like this." She said staring at him.

"I asked Alice and she suggested I get a bit bolder, don't know why but when I told her the entire situation she suggested this. And you two…" He looked at Ishtar and Alva, "Outside the enslavement spell and the rest, would you do it?"

---------------------[Testing things to get out of my comfort zone]---------------------

Ishtar looked at Cain and then at her guard, "Can I be honest for a bit?" She asked looking at him with big eyes.

Cain nodded with his straight face, she can say her mind. He never intended to prevent her from that.

Ishtar took a deep breath, getting herself ready. If Cain was different than what she thought, she will get hit immediately.

"I don't mind doing it, since you have a lot of Mana. To us, that is the biggest and most important reason. Since the most Mana is poured into us, the better we feel. But…" Ishtar took a second deep breath, her stomach ached a bit as she got nervous to speak. She knew that why she was about to say was absurd for someone in her position.

"It's true that if we met under different circumstances, I would have opened myself to you but…" She said, quickly dodging the question she's been wanting to ask.

Cain sighed, "Come on, if you won't speak, I might guess it on my own. Don't keep turning around the bushes and speak up."

Ishtar glared at him, "But…a single thing is still burning in my heart as Titania. Such an immense power, clear mana, and a powerful mage…I would dream to see such power under me for even a short moment soo…can you…by any chance…consider kissing my feet once?... I promise to be obedient after it."

She stared at Cain with a worried face and closed eyes, if she was to get hit, this was the time.

"Let me make a second call," Cain called again with the message spell. After a few seconds, he turned toward them.

"They agreed, on the condition that you will say yes to everything I ask. That includes Alva as well." Cain said with a serious face.

Alva smiled, "If it's for her majesty, I will do anything."

Cain looked at them, "Well, tell me a secret you two will never tell anyone." This was the test Alice Gracie suggested, it was advised by Melissa and changed a bit by Alice. Melissa suggested making them do something embarrassing, Gracie told Alice that, and Alice made into telling a secret to get possible information.

Ishtar started thinking about it and Alva's head lighted up, "I do remember one we will never tell anyone about!"

"Oh, speak up." Cain looked at her with a curious gaze. Even Ishtar and Mei seemed curious.

What he heard, wasn't something he has seen in a thousand years.

"Each night, I lick her majesty's crotch. She seems to enjoy that a lot!" Alva spoke and Ishtar punched her immediately.