Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

From Cain's perspective…

The girls gave me the green light…though I still don't know how to feel about it. I stared at the three girls glaring at me. It gives me a weird feeling, I'm kind of scared that Ishtar might suck my magic while doing it.

Could that even be possible? I'm an abomination, an unnatural creature after all. Here is the 10000MP's shiny blue ball.

The MP orb glowed brightly over Cain's hand.

Ho? I can see the three of them flinching, are they this hungry? But, nothing for Mei or Alva, this thing is too dangerous for them.

"The three of them, strip down. This is your last chance to speak if you don't want to get filled to the brim." Better make it clear to them, can't have them cause trouble later.

"Really, really?!" Mei leaped in excitement, quickly pulling her clothes off. Alva started slowly stripping while Ishtar only glared at me with a strange look, what is her deal? Does she want to chicken out?

"What is it?"

"The orb, I want it," Ishtar said.

Her eyes are fixed on the ball, she reminds me of Gracie when she is hungry for me. But giving her the ball now is a bad idea.

"I don't know how your body will reach. You might throw up, piss yourself, or even orgasm. This is no ordinary orb after all." What is she expecting? I can't possibly have her a spare outfit, this one weird queen.

"And?"

Is she really this stupid? "Listen, I don't want your clothes to get dirty. If you want to walk naked in front of the other pixies here then it's a different story though."

By this time, looking to the side…what a sight, both Mei and Alva are already butt naked, can't wait to get…no let's focus on convincing this one…

"Fine, but you give it to me right away."

She is really a bit dense…let's leave this to Mei, she acts excited and happy but she has a heavy mind on her head.

"Mei, care to help me a bit?" Looking at the exited me. I know she will act immediately.

Mei stared at Ishtar, walking toward her directly. "Let me be clear, to eat the orb, you need to be naked and licking my feet. Otherwise no food for you." Mei grabbed Ishtar's cheek, caressing her chest.

"I understand." Hearing that reply, Mei pushed Ishtar down and then turned toward Cain.

Ishtar started slowly stripping, I did want to enjoy the show but someone approached me slowly. It was none other than Alva. I better get ready as I can see her cheek flushed pink, something is going to happen.

[Teleport] And all my clothes have been teleported to the corner of the room. I bet some elvish mages would pull their hair off if they saw me waste high-tier spells like this. I could even see Ishtar pausing for a moment to glare at me, she noticed the seventh-tier spell activating.

Alva sat on my hip, looking rather calm for how pink her face seemed, "Listen, can I share a secret with you?" She whispered in my ear, of course, I nodded.

"I do love Ishtar, seeing her strip like that is getting a bit over my heart. Since you're our master now, can you order her to obey me for just one round? I will pay you handsomely…with any currency." She whispered in my ear, I could feel that Mei will smack her if she stuck to me any longer so I have to finish quickly. Picking order is important.

"Don't you get to lick her each night?" Need to point that out first, "Also, I can make you give me anything with the slave contract. What possibly could you give?" I wonder if she has something great on her mind. Also, Mei is coming, need to stop her.

"AW!" Alva cried as Mei pulled her by the hair, "On the ground, don't touch him before me."

"Mei, we were just talking. Don't worry you will be the first." Got to stop her before she gets the wrong idea.

Mei glared down at Alva, "I see…" She pushed her toe in Alva's mouth. "She should have asked me first."CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Hehe! Mei is a bit too strict, not overprotective.

Just then, Mei pulled her foot and Mei stood, "Let us talk, you watch over Ishtar for a while. The queen seems to not be able to strip on her own…" I can barely hold my laugh watching Ishtar's red face as she tries her best to reach her untie her bra. Didn't she have a lot of dexterity?

Alva approached me with a hesitant face, "Well, where did we stop? I will be obedient without the need for you to use the bind, and I will tell you Ishtar's secret."

Ishtar's secret? Wonder what that is… "Speak up."

"Ishtar is actually pretty reserved. Till today I'm the only one who licked her feet or saw her naked. The fact she told you to lick her foot before, in reality, she wanted to take you back home to use you as her personal toy. I saw her horny face when she saw your wings and thought you were a male pixie." Alva explained and I was a bit surprised.

"Didn't expect that, how about you?" Better know her view as well…

"Honestly…I was pretty disgusted. I would prefer if only I had Ishtar and having you in the way felt annoying…I would have poisoned you eventually." Alva replied, at the same time, Ishtar has finished getting naked.

Mei approached while Ishtar was behind her, Alva immediately moved to Ishtar's side and they all stared at me… "Should I speak? Mei comes to my lap first…" As I waved to her, Mei slowly approached me.

Sitting on my thigh with her legs between my legs, she gently grabbed my flesh with her right hand. Her warm fingers slowly tapped and moved up and down creating a gentle sensation. She closed her eyes, extending her lips toward me and awaiting, is this a call?

I slowly approached, and instead of kissing her, I licked her lips and ran my hand across her back and down to her butt. Tickling her back door hole with my finger, she opened her mouth to lick my lips…the licking slowly turned into a passionate kiss as her hand caressed my back… Both Morena and Gray in my head have already gone to sleep.

It was then that I felt something on my feet, opening one eye to look down, and both Ishtar and Alva were licking my toes. Ishtar noticed me looking at her so she stopped and said with tearing eyes… "Master…the orb, I want it…"

Yeah, I almost forget…It was easy to stop the kiss with Mei, she surprisingly pulled out easily.

"Ishtar lay on the ground between my legs. Alva, do what you like and lick her to your heart's content." Hearing my words, Ishtar smiled and she quickly rushed to her place with an excited face. Alva rushed in shoving her face between Ishtar's legs, AH!! Ishtar moaned feeling Alva's tongue inside her.

Mei slowly rested her feet on Ishtar, one on her face and the other on her chest. Ishtar started liking them awaiting me to give her the orb.

With a flick of my fingers, the orb slowly descended toward Ishtar's mouth. Ishtar opened her mouth, a clear drool line between her pink lips and Mei's toes, the 10000MP orb fell inside. Gulp! Her body jolted.