Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Ishtar's body jolted, and her torso twisted as the mana quickly burned across her whole body. She was pretty low on MP after the fight with Cain so she got instantly filled [3/6419 => 6419/6419] and the rest rampaged across her body and nerves. This has lessened the shock on her body resulting in her feeling mostly pleasure.

As her toes curled back, her thighs clenched on Alva's head as a flashing stream rushed ahead. Alva took the chance, sticking her face as close as she could, slurping every last drop she could get her lips on.

Cain relaxed as he noted Ishtar's condition. She was having multiple orgasms as her body slowly tried to dissipate the excess mana she received.

From Cain's perspective…

We were worried for nothing, everything seems fine. Time to care for Mei, I can feel her dripping on my thigh.

Holla! I tried to lift Mei up but she jolted immediately, I stared into her eyes to see what her deal was. Her face was bright red, her eyes slightly tearing up as her lips shook…He? Did she get hurt somehow? No this feels a bit different…

"Is there a problem?" I asked just to be sure…but she quickly shook her head, "No, nothing, let's keep going, please…"

UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Fine…I laid her on the bed, she hid her face with her arms so I removed them. Look at me straight, that cute embarrassed face is too good to be wasted hidden behind your arms…

Mei immediately hit her face again…ok, this is a bit annoying…but do I have the solution, thanks Alice for the advice.

In a single swift move, I flung Mei's legs open. I can see both her holes. The fat to the point of an almost closed-shut flower and the pink little moon below it. Both of them are glowing and glittering as the crystal clear liquid dripped from the closed lips.

At that moment, Mei started struggling to close her legs.

What are you doing? I got you open so there is no way you're ever going to close, if you really wanted me to stop you would say it, those half-assed attempts are only going to get me deeper into it.

Let's cheat a bit, [Telekinesis] this will keep them open and free my hands. Let's see, let's see…with my finger and pushed the two closed lips open and took a good look at the pink inside, still fresh from the garden, untouched goods are always the best…

I gave her a long lick, taking a taste of her nectar which strangely tasted like real nectar. I can't quite wrap my head around it but, I tasted some sweet flowers (Actual plants) and their nectar tasted the same as what is flowing from Mei…

For a short while, my alchemist side took hold thinking if it was possible to make honey from Mei's horny juices but quickly returned back to reality.

I slowly started teasing her to get more liquid to flow out, each time I licked her she twitched releasing a faint moan, AH!

Then, suddenly I could feel something warm cover my meat…looking down it was Ishtar, has she woken up…no after a closer look she was in the middle of her trance, is she looking for something to sate her desire? Hold up, where is Alva?

As I noticed that, I felt Alva's bare nipple gently scratch my back, and soon did her chest. She laid on my back and licked my left ear, and pushed one of her fingers down by the back end…

"Master…to let you know beforehand, I don't enjoy what I'm going to do a bit…but I'm going to do it on my own, so please, just tell Ishtar what I told you before…" With those words, I felt her body slide backward gently…

Hold up what are you…AH! No…

I could feel her tongue going deep into my back end, was it really that long, or is it just my imagination? Ah…now her hands are squashing my jewels, I swear if she got any bolder I would have Alice deal with her…

I tried to take my mind off them and busy myself with the nectar-filled flower in front of me but that was sadly useless. Both of them started getting pretty rough and I could feel the tingling inside me quickly grew, I could just shut it down as a chimera but that would be cheating so I let it all out inside Ishtar's throat.

As I was releasing, I unintentionally pressed Ishtar's head on the bedside and ended up forcing my moderately long self all the way down to the base of her throat. She did drink everything but ended up coughing while still orgasming from the orb, I hope she isn't stuck in a cycle.

Alva quickly went down to busy herself with Ishtar's dripping flower while I moved above Mei, it was finally time…even though she didn't seem to be able to hold it anymore. I grabbed her face in my palms, laying my nose on her, resting my full length on her soft belly… She hugged my waist with her legs, rocking her hips on me as if begging for it, she quickly lifted her head going for a kiss.

I could control myself pretty well so I aimed with my meat directly, slowly resting the flower. Teasing her with a couple of feints attempts to thrust. She quickly glared at me with a pouting face, her eyes tearing… "Don't tease me like this…please go in…" She tightened her leg hug on my waist.

Fine and very well, you asked for it so I shall go all the way in…thanks for the fresh meal…I pushed slowly, AH! She let out a little cry of pain…she was tight…a lot

I kept pushing slowly, my signal to stop would be her opening her legs or something but she kept pushing me deeper into her, so I did the same.

I'm finally all the way inside…well, half of my way, all of her way…I'm too long for her so I shortened myself a bit. My original size is 12 inches so she can't handle it…and a girth of 8 inches…That played a role I guess, so cutting down was the way to go. 6 inches long and 4 girth it is…

[Lesser Healing] this should take care of the bleeding…

Mei seemed to relax a bit since I got a bit smaller, she took a few deep breaths and looked down…her face quickly shifted to me with a sad and scared face… "You…got smaller?"

What? Hold up, are you sad… "I won't fit entirely inside you so I reduced my size, take it slow. Till now only Sofia, Gracie, Selena, and Zaleria have managed to take me all down…"

She grabbed my face with her hands, "Get big again, I can take you…" She said almost crying.

"No you can't, I won't even test it. I will grow the maximum size you can handle, with time you will get used to it." This time I need to set my word clear, we're here to have a good time, not to her hurt.

I started slowly moving, closing her mouth with a kiss.