Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

As Cain was having his fun, the wheels started moving in the capital. Jack's ship was already ready, Farryn has investigated the situation on all of the elvish shores to find a good landing place. Nemmoxon was swimming across the sea to investigate the surrounding area.

At the castle, it has been decided that both Isbert and Sarah are going with Cain. As Isbert would accompany him, Sarah is the kingdom's representative with the mission of establishing a tighter bond with the new elvish queen (Sylph)

The sun was bright, blazing at the heart of the sky. A seagull squawked in groups as the sweaty men carried the cargo onto the ship back.

"Have anyone seen Captain Jack?" one of the sailors asked as he held a large paper. He walked to the side of the deck and punched the wooden wall BANG! "Captain! Captain! WAKE UP!" He got no reply, only silence.

The sailor sighed, kicking the door open and looking inside. There was nothing.

A sailor approached the door holding a bucket of water, "I've seen him head across the harbor this morning, he was flirting with one old woman just after dawn."

The sailor banged his head on the wall, "This captain is going to roast my brain, he's talented but lacks the dedication. Can't he at least keep track of our gold?"

"Don't yell at me, we're doing our work." The sailor who brought him the news left with a sad face.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

The sailor inside put the paper on Jack's desk and then took his knife. "You're not doing your work, I'm going to get it done." He jammed the knife into the wooden drawer breaking the lock.

Inside was a stack of old papers, some gold, and junk. The sailor kept breaking the drawers until he found the documents he wanted, a record of the previous captain's associate and close allies. Those people must be noted and avoided in the future as they might hold grudge against them for killing him.

After that, he went to the treasury and opened the gold lock, a sheep-sized large box filled with gold, jewels, and exotic magic scrolls. Their treasure chest and all the gold they own.

"Until we get more, we're using this to fit the sailors and get our weapons fixed. The marine has upgraded their canons recently, which means they have a lot of old ones resting, got to buy those of them."

The marine has developed new cannons and installed them, usually, at this time the pirate will try and locate where the old cannons are, create a plan and then steal them. But since Jack's pirates are in a good relationship with the marine, they might be able to just buy them.

On the other side of the harbor, the calm waves smashed into the wooden beams. Beside the empty wooden crates and the withering stones, Jack was still walking with the old lady he met. "Say, mom, did you hear of the new hero, Jack Parrot?" He said with a smile waving his hand across the air.

"No, who is he?" She replied with a calm voice.

"A famous pirate!" Jack smiled puffing his chest.

She glared at him with a smile, "Guess he is a failure. If you can't steal one women's heart, how can you claim to be famous?" She grinned.

Jack sighed, his head hanging down in sadness. "Busted…you're too smart for an old gal." CLICK! He pulled his steel tube and pointed it at her face, BANG! He yelled.

"Agatha Gulldance, mother of Charles Detorry…stock managed and guard of the marines supply unite at the eastern docks. Your daughter is Charlotte Detorry and your husband died a few years ago of a disease and your family lives far away…" Jack approached her putting the barrel to her head. "Got those right?" He smiled.

"What do you want?" She asked glaring at him.

"The red line entrance, the location of the pirate heaven island."

Agatha shook her head, "I knew nothing of what you're talking about," She shook her head.

"You're awfully calm for a hag with a barrel to her head, you can't fool my eyes." Jack swung a fist at her face and the old woman rolled to the said snatching his sword.

"Ara, kid, respect the elderly. Can't you let me spend my last years in peace?" she cried.

"I have never seen an old woman move like that, my sword seems to fit in your hand." Jack rushed her with a kick, she moved to the side swinging the sword at his neck. He leaped back and shoot her BANG!

As the bullet left a crack in the ground, the old woman turned toward Jack, leaping over the wooden crates, and swung the blade at his neck.

In a quick move, Jack pulled his knife and dodged. The moment she landed he swung at her back. Thud! In one move, she turned around CLANK! Deflecting his dagger with enough force to disarm him and the snatched one of his four barrels.

Jack touched his chest surprised. Of four barrels, one was empty and she took one, he now only had two left.

She pointed the barrel at him, "Guns, what an antique. In my days even gold couldn't buy a decent one. To think of a sardine-like having four." Laying Jack's scimitar on her shoulder she smiled.

Jack lifted his hands up, "I give up mom, you won…" He slowly approached her.

"Stand right where you are, knew you have some tricks up your sleeve." She said aiming at him.

"I swear mom, I got nothing up my sleeves…tuf!" He immediately spat a razor blade at her face. BANG! She shot immediately and he ducked the attack.

Seeing him slide on the ground toward her, she swung the scimitar upward.

With his surprise attack busted Jack rolled to the side and ran away as fast as he could, 'Shit, she still has the same skills.' He thought.

Looking behind, the old hag chased him "Don't run you hag, it's bad for your health!" He yelled at her and she smiled.

"Come here little boy, I don't bite!" She smiled.

Jack started freaking out, "That line never changed you wench! Even now after twenty years!"

SLAP! At that moment, as he was looking back, a woman slapped him as he was running away. His body rolled on the ground as she rushed in kicking him in the guts.

When the woman came to deliver the second kick, "You dare insult mother you addle cabin boy!" Jack immediately stood, grabbed her long red hair, punched her in the face toward her mother, and ran into the water. Jumping from one wooden beam to the other until he reached the other side of the harbor.

He looked at them smiling, "I will get ya one-day matey!" He waved at them with a smile and turned around to run away.

The woman's daughter, named Charlotte as Jack stated earlier took off her waistband and grabbed Jack's empty gun from her mother. She swung the makeshift sling and launched the gun at Jack.

The gun flew through the sky, and BANG! Hitting Jack on the head directly and knocking him out cold. "Got the idiot!" Charlotte smiled looking at her mother.

"He knew of the red line, drag him back home. I want to know how he sniffed me out." Agatha said glaring at the seagulls pecking Jack's bleeding head.