Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

I can feel it, each time I thrust in, she tightens up. When I try to pull out she sucks me in. her legs are still tight on my waist, I do want to get faster but hearing her moan each time I thrust in was a bit worrying.

Being out of options, I started licking the tips of her moderately sized milk bags. Her chest was only palm-sized and ended with two hard pinkish-brow nipples.

The moment my tongue touched her nipples, her entire body jolted again, and her arms hugged my head pushing my face deep into her chest. I sucked her nipple again and she jolted once again.

Smiling, I knew of her weakness, or rather she was too sensitive in her nipples…I took the chance immediately and sucked on her right nipple while teasing the other as hard as I could.

AGRAA! She cried, writhing her hips and arms "Cain…please stop…that…" She begged.VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

If you want me to stop then let go of my head, what do you expect me to do when you're pressing my face into your chest? I sighed, this was her fault, but alas, I pushed her hands away and faced her.

"I stopped, want me to start again?" She stared at my face with both a sad and a scared look, "Cain…no master, sorry I didn't mean it, please keep on…"

Fine, but I will have my prices listed up, "Listen, even though you've been reacting a lot, you haven't climaxed yet. It can be a bit painful for you at the start but do you want me to try getting a bit rough?" I asked, just looking at her face I could know she only need one push to get her over the edge.

"How painful?" she asked with tearing eyes.

I honestly don't know exactly, better safe than sorry, "Probably enough to make you cry or want to stop at the start. Still want to go for it?"

She looked at me worried, what is your deal, it's yes or no, show some courage.

"F-fine, but please don't stop if I said, do it until you're satisfied…" she replied covering her face.

I glared down at her, removed her hand from her face, and kissed her, "Don't cover your cute face." Gently I grabbed her chest and got ready. Pulled out only leaving the tip in and then increased my size just a bit over her limit.

It's better to keep an eye on her with [Dominate Monster] this spell control and monitor a monster, I will only use the second half to make sure Mei isn't hurt.

"Get ready…" Down! Down! I went down with a considerable amount of force, with how fast my reaction time was, I could see her face twist in slow-motion. She is tighter than before, expected since I have more girth…

"AHHH!" I'm hearing it slowly so I can't tell the difference between a moan or a cry, But [Dominate Monster] is saying she is still fine so I guess that's a moan…

Pushing I finally reached her deepest spot, I still do have one inch left to push in. She is tight, I can't push any further with the current strength. For that I increased the power, my goal is to get one step further inside her. CLIII-CLAP! I went in immediately, her face twisted backward and her hands grabbed into the bed sheet tightly.

Doing something like this might seem dangerous but it was totally fine with pixies, they are experts in size magic and can cast it naturally as they breathe. Such a thing was possible since the magic gives their body a certain degree of elasticity, but to be clear, that doesn't apply to bones.

Now, to give her the killing move, going for the poking nips, let me show you my mighty suction techniques.

A single gentle bite followed by pulsating suction caused Mei's body to start writhing like a snake. SLPAH! Surprisingly, she couldn't resist any further, good, even though I think it was a bit of a waste since her liquid might taste like nectar.

I kept going, stopping wasn't an option until I'm sure she has taken her full…I kept hammering her, over and over, and with each thrust, she gasped with a moan. CLAP! "AHH!" CLAP! "AHH!" CLAP! "AHH!" CLAP! "AHH!" CLAP! "AHH!" CLAP!

When I felt she was getting a bit exhausted, and before she could receive any friction burns…I did one last thrust deeper into her causing her nails to grip my back, her legs to tighter around my waist, and her eyes to roll back. "AHH!" CLAP! Now empty a full load inside her, packing her as tightly as possible.

I slowly pulled out letting her cream-filled flower spill a little bit of what was inside. She lay on the bed panting, trying to catch her breath. I looked back at Alva and Ishtar, they were still going at it. Ishtar was still in her trance and Alva was taking her time eating her up, how vigorously can you? Look at how violently she is licking her…

"Alva, Ishtar come here for a moment," I asked but they didn't seem to listen, they were engrossed in what they were doing so much.

I looked back at Mei, she need time to rest so I got to move to those two…I stood up and approached them. Alva finally noticed me when my shadow was cast upon her, "Master!" she gasped.

"Well aren't you two busy, which one of you should I start with?" I asked as she looked at me with a worried face…She quickly rushed down to lick my feet but I pulled away, "Just speak up." What does she think of me? If you want something you can just talk, I don't bite.

"Can you perhaps, please let us two do it first?" She asked with a shy face…

"Me and you?" I asked, I was honestly a bit confused as she was stealing glances at Ishtar.

"Me and Ishtar…" She asked, attempting to lick my feet again but I leaped back to the bed. "Can you please stop that?"

"I can let you two do your things but…I need a companion right now…Mei is exhausted." I replied with a serious face, "You either have to convince her to go the extra mile for you, or I will call someone else here, with won't end nicely for you two." I could call Alice or Gracie, but neither of those won't have a problem beating the crap out of Ishtar and Alva for just sitting here.

Alva started thinking about it really hard, "Just give me a moment…" She stood and rushed toward Mei "Hey, miss, lady? Mei? Can you hear me?" She shook her head lightly and Mei groaned, "What?"

Alva sighed in relief, she was conscious enough to speak. "Can you take care of master once again?" she asked with a worried face.

Mei shook her head, "I wish I could, but this hole is already done for." She scratched her flower, and she felt it numb, tingling with a slight burn inside…to her, it was clear that she needed to rest a bit before going for a second round.

"You have another one, can't you use it?" Alva argued, looking at Mei's still-shaking hips.