Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"Another one…" Mei mumbled looking down, she was still confused as to what Alva meant. She then quickly stared back at Alva. Bump! Pushing her face with her feet, Mei growled, "Let him use your butthole, not mine…"

Alva kept pushing, "Come on. Please, Lady Mei…Just this time…" As the two argued, I was staring at Ishtar who seemed to be just waking up from her trance.

"My Head…" She growled scratching her head and staring at me.

"How do you feel? Do you remember anything?" I asked trying to gauge her situation.

She nodded standing up and approaching the bed. Quickly stealing a glance at the two arguing behind me. "Yeah, I bit hazy but I do…I was a bit overtaken by desire that's all." She sat beside me.

I smiled, "How was it, the orb? Was it delicious or not?" Well, I need to know what the customer feels.

She smiled, looking down at her feet and then at the wooden ceiling, "It was more than that, that's the good stuff of dreams. To think that such a thing exists outside of heaven…"

PAT! I patted her back with a cheerful smile, "Glad you liked it, there is always more where that came from."

"As long as I'm obedient…I know the drill by now." She replied with a smile. "But…about the thing…"

She looked at me wiggling, her ears red and her hands at her belly.

I do remember, a promise is a promise… "Just sit where you are, let me handle things…"

As she sat on the bed, I sat before her on the ground. Lifted her right foot by the sole and gave the tips of her toes a gentle kill. Then a long lick from the sole to the toes, and after that, I made sure to lick every single one.

As I finished, Ishtar was bright red, breathing heavily as if she has just run a marathon. I stood up, "Well now, time to continue." I looked back at Alva and Mei who seem to have just reached an agreement, Alva has convinced Mei.

"All three of you come here." Hearing my words, the three of them rushed kneeling before me with wishful eyes. That was honestly surprising.

"Alva wants to have some time with you Ishtar, what do you want to do?" I quickly diverged the hard decision to her and looked at Mei.

"I don't have a problem," Ishtar agreed and went to the bed with Alva. I carried Mei back to the bed and looked behind. Alva and Ishtar's faces were already stuck together in a passionate kiss. I watched for a moment as Ishtar bend down to lick Alva and then got back to Mei.

As soon as we were about to start…

~Cain, something urgent happened. Can you come quickly~ this was Farryn, she sounded a bit worried for her usual self.

I stood up a bit disappointed, it was just about to get good. ~What could it be, I'm busy…~

~Jack got kidnapped and we can't find him, we're worried something bad might have happened to him~ She said.

Scratching my head I thought about it…Jack Parrot the pirate got kidnapped? Is it one of the nobles, someone related to Ironlake who wants revenge… No, it can't be…

"Cain, what it is?" Mei asked staring at me with a worried face, she could sense that something bad must have happened.

"Farryn says that Jack got kidnapped, I need to go find him," I replied looking at the two still going at it in the background, lucky them.

"Should I send the pixies to find him?" Mei asked with a hint of worry and sadness that her time was cut short.

"No, that would be a bit dangerous for them. And they most likely hid him extremely well if Farryn didn't find him." I replied walking toward my clothes when Ishtar stood.

"I could help find him, I have quite the sharp senses. Especially when plants are around." She said with Alva standing behind her. "As her majesty says, we should be able to help." I nodded, those two might be of use.

All four of us wore our clothes, I called Alice in the meantime to call all the other girls to the search part.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

I opened the gate to the capital and went there with Ishtar, Alva, Mei, and her army of pixies. Sofia, Selena and a lot of beast people, Alice and her army of devils hiding in the shadows, Gracie and the army of succubus, Zaleria, Farryn, Nemmoxon, Isbert, and the Royal army, Hati…Everyone gathered at the royal palace as if a war was about to break out.

As the people of the capital stared in disbelief at the outrageous strangers gathered with their royal army, especially since most of them are women (Everyone was morphed as humans since they could)

When I walked out, the pixies flew around my head like a flock of bees, buzzing and oozing with magic. Apparently, just the radiant magic from my body has energized them, adding to that the fact they were standing beside their queen Titania.

I walked toward Farryn, "Any information?" I asked and the one who approached me was Sofia. "I can sense him deep underground, he's still alive and well but unconscious, and his breathing is too slow. I can also smell his blood on him, he is probably injured."

I looked at her a bit surprised and then I remembered I was talking to the chromatic dragon goddess Tiamat whose senses are sharper than knives. "How do we get down there?"

She shook her head, "I don't know, can't tell what scents or that I don't know." Even she had her limitation.

"Cain-nya!" Selena rushed toward me with a smile, "I brought everyone-nya!" She showed me the people standing behind her. Lion demi-humans, tiger demi-humans, bear demi-humans, wolf demi-humans, Kenku's, raccoon demi-humans, honey badger demi-humans, and more…A whole zoo.

I stared at them in surprise, she did say something about her ruling the forest of…

She turned toward them and shouted, "Today's hunt is a pirate named Jack-nya, bring him alive and unharmed-nya!"

One of the raccoon people, a woman came running on all four with some clothes dangling from her mouth. "Got them from the ship, they belong to the pirate." She threw the clothes to the other raccoons who tore them to shreds.

"This has the prey scent, find him!" All the raccoon people shouted as they spread across the city, one immediately leaped into a trash dump while another threw himself into the river. Almost immediately, all the other beast people rushed to work as well.

"Cain, I will be going as well-nya!" Selena rushed behind them…Everyone then started searching, Jack was our important captain who is willing to take us across the dangerous sea.

…

From Selena's perspective.

"Cain, I will be going as well-nya!" I said staring at Cain, quickly turned around extending my nails to get a better grip on the slippery stone roads of this vast capital. BAM! I ran as fast as I could, my nose fully open following the pirate's stench.

I can smell nothing! I can smell nothing! I can smell nothing! I can smell nothing! I can smell nothing! I can smell nothing!

I ran and ran across the busy roads, making sure to keep my eyes as open as my nose…I can't sense anything yet, need to get to a better spot.

I ran toward a vegetable stall, a bearded old man was selling potatoes to a young man with a smile. The stall was made of wood and had a decent-looking wooden ceiling. I leaped enough to land on top of it, using my foot claw to not slip.

BAM! I leaped again, using my hand claws to grip a building wall, all the people stared up at me. I don't care-nya, Climbing! Climbing!

As I was rushing up the wall I noticed something important. My claws are too sharp they cut the stone wall and slide. I can't climb right up very well, I need to climb sideways by pushing with the side of my claws.

I thought it will be hard but it wasn't, my fingers are strong.

Thud! I landed on the crunchy tile roof, and each of my steps broke a lot of tiles… From a window, an old man stared at me with a terrified gaze. "Y-you…the tiles…my tiles!"

"I knew-nya…they are fragile-nya, change them before they could hurt anyone-nya!" I told the old man and rushed away.

CRII! I stopped, a familiar smell entering my nose. It's Jack's, faint but it's him…

Selena's eyes glowed goldenly, her tail waved around like a whip…the muscles in her arms and thighs tightened up like steel springs. BANG! She rushed ahead shattering the roof she was standing on, running on all for in her humanoid form.

BANG! BANG! BANG! Roof after roof, she with each of her leaps one shattered revealing the rooms underneath.

BAM! She leaped from one of the buildings and landed on the road, still running, all people leaped to the side to avoid her. Horses freaked out, and people screams as the wild beast rushed across the street leaving his claw marks on the ground.