Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Selena rushed through the street chasing Jack's scent, each of her steps left a gaping hole in the ground. As soon as she reached the first major corner she turned around and exited the building area heading toward the massive river and splitting the capital in half.

Running at a speed that no horse can dream of achieving, she caused the ground to rumble as she closed on the small cave at the riverside. The river passing in the middle of the capital was used mostly for transporting goods.

Beside the cave entrance, two men stood to watch.

"To think we were called to this place, being hired by nobles isn't that bad." One of the thugs smiled drinking from his beer jug.

His friend snorted, "Most nobles have shady deals, hiring Ruffians like we are something they do all the time. Remember that we're expendable." He took the beer bottle from his friend.

"Hay hay, need to do a good job so we get paid well." His friend sighed.

"That's right, the mission is simple but by no means easy."

"I know, no one is to enter this place until we're the ladies come out." He reached to grab a cup of water and then noticed it, the water surface was shaking. Listening carefully, a rumbling approached.

"Something is coming, be careful." He said putting his hand on his blade.

BAM! With a loud crashing noise, a heavy object stopped a short distance away from the entrance. From the dust she glared at them, her eyes glowing golden while her tail stood rigid.

"Who are you?" The thug pulled his blade.

Selena slowly bent down, her ears bend backward as her hair slightly waved up and down. BANG!

She disappeared, and silence fell and only broke with the sound of the bandit's blade shattering followed by a blood splash. RI! BAM! The shock wave finally reached afterward rearing his body apart.

The other bandit took a step backward shaking, "How could she move that…" His vision went back. RI! BAM! Selena tore his body apart with a single stroke from her claws. She stood there staring at the corpses, drooling. "No, Cain said not to eat humans-nya." She shook her head and turned toward the door, Jack was inside, deep into this place.

She grabbed the cave door handle with her hand. The whole thing was made of rusted iron. CRIIIK! She easily twisted the thick door open, to her it felt like bending a thin sheet of wood.

BAM! She rushed inside running as fast as she could. It didn't matter to her eyes whether it was dark or lit, as long as she has the smell and her Nightvision she was fine. Almost with each of her steps, traps activated. Pitfalls, spear launchers, tripwire tied to crossbows, scorpion droppers, and even acid pots and oily ground. But all of those meant nothing to her.

With her speed, she flew right above the pitfalls, missed the spears, and pulled the crossbows from their mounts with sheer force, the scorpions turned into mush and the acid was too slow to hit her. The long oily ground that had the best chance of hindering her was useless with her claws.

Inside the cave, the bandit's leader, who set the traps was freaking out. He was a wizard and the magic told him that all the traps activated almost immediately, a heavy, fast-moving object was blasting across.

"Hurry inform the hag, a monster has entered the cave." He yelled, his magic picking several different signs that seemed strange. "Could it be that the magic is just malfunctioning?"

All the bandits rushed to the room beside Jack's interrogation room, they stood guard ready to attack the moment the monster showed itself.

…Inside the interrogation room, they could feel the ground rumbling as Selena approached like a storm. "Hehe…" Jack giggled with blood dripping from his forehead. He was tied to a chair half beaten up, looking up at the old lady Agatha and her daughter Charlotte.

"Why laughing?" Agatha glared at him.

Jack smiled, "He is coming, my offer still stands, join us and I can guarantee your life." BAM! Charlotte punched him in the face, "Watch your tongue, The Red Hair pirates have long since retired and a small sardine-like you has no right to speak to mother."

"We need a good navigator, one that can guide us through the magical red line and to the pirate's heaven island. Every new captain needs to go there and declare his domain." Jack growled.

BAM! Charlotte punched him again, "New captains are taken there by their predecessors. There is no place in the sea for those who killed their captains." She growled at him.

BANG! They heard an explosion just outside the interrogation room door. Both Charlotte and her mother Agatha stopped and looked at it.

"Who is coming?" Agatha asked.

Jack smiled, with an evil grind, "The white mage!"

Outside, Selena kicked the door to the big room open and was faced with tens of bandits ready with their weapons.

"A single cat girl?" One of them gasped looking at Selena with disbelief.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

"No, look at those arms. She is no mere cat girl, she is a black jaguar." They looked at Selena's thick arms. Now that she is ready for violence, her arms were thicker than most of the bandit's thighs.

"Leave her to me!" The bandit leader pointed his staff at her, [Sleep] this was the same spell that got her coughed before meeting Cain. Yet now, she felt nothing.

The bandit leader looked at his staff confused, "Why didn't it work?" [Sleep] [Sleep] he recast it twice and still failed. Something was off about this black jaguar, she is slowly scanning them with her eyes as if looking for someone. The bandits pulled their crossbows and fired at her, PEW! PEW! PEW! PEW! PEW! PEW! PEW! PEW! PEW! PEW!

TING! TING! TING! TING! TING! TING! TING! TING! All the bolts bounced from her skin like bouncing off a stone wall. As they watched their bolts fail to scratch her, they realized what kind of monster stood before them.

"Die with this!" The bandit leader opened his bag and took a fancy-looking scroll, "You monster, let's see about this…the mighty sixth-tier magic." With a brilliant flash of light, engulfing the whole room. The leader's staff pointed toward Selena and a blast of lightning emerged. Striking her once, twice, and thrice.

BAM! As the smoke cleared, Selena stood there with fur covering her whole body. Half transformed between her Jaguar and human form, she glared at them with her opal white teeth glowing. "Jack is behind that door."

In that form, she resembled her father more than anything, a huge bulky hybrid between a woman and a black jaguar. A Rakshasa wasn't a being they could recognize easily as not much is known about them.

One of the bandits pulled his sword, and Selena disappeared, CRACK! The blade shattered and the bandit was missing his head. A ringing noise pained the bandits' ears as they couldn't fathom how fast the monster moved.

As they looked at her, she was munching on the bandit's head as if it was a small apple. "Nothing beat human flesh…" She growled.