Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"You monster!" Charlotte screamed sending a punch toward Cain's face. Her mother Agatha immediately cried, "Don't do it!"

Cain's body disappeared for a moment he then appeared directly behind Charlotte. "My shadow…" She gasped turning around. BAM! Cain gave her a light jab to the face.

<HP: 308/308> => <HP: 295/308>

She tanked the hit with her face, pushing ahead with a punch, "Is this all you got?" putting all of her weight into her fist, she aimed at his throat.

Cain immediately disappeared into the shadows and Agatha appeared in his place, BAM! Charlotte ended up punching her mother in the face.

<HP: 374/374> => <HP: 351/374>

Before Charlotte could panic at what she just did, seeing her mother bleeding from the nose. Cain appeared to their side and smacked the back of their heads, BAM! Their faces collided with extreme force.

<HP: 351/374> => <HP: 301/374> Agatha already damaged nose caved in more.

<HP: 295/308> => <HP: 262/308> Charlotte had one of her front teeth break and her lip cracked open, she took less damaged than her mother as she is younger and wasn't wounded.

Gracie watched Cain with a passive face and keen eyes, "He fights just like you…did you learn from him?" Melissa asked as she watched.

Gracie nodded. "I did learn from him, but his movements are wasteful and exaggerated," Gracie said noting that Cain was wasting MP and intentionally trying not to kill them. Her first strike would be to de-throat them if she was in his place.

"That man went to this extend to contact them, if Master trusted him even a bit, he would at least listen to what those two can bring." Melissa replied and Gracie stared at her in surprise, "How would you know?"

Melissa smiled, "Even though you're our queen now, you cannot understand men's hearts."CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Gracie glared at her with a pouting face, "What do you mean?"

Melissa stared at Cain, "He isn't out to kill, no is he out to protect? He is there to achieve a goal, focused on it."

Farryn approached them, "This fiend is right." She said… "My name is Melissa you elf whore." Melissa mumbled.

Farryn ignored her comment and then looked at Cain, "Fights aren't just about killing and being killed. They are about subjugation, terrorizing, and milking information, gaining power, trickery, honor, elimination, revenge, love, and even fun." She then slowly looked at Cain, "He is fighting to subjugate them, while taking revenge for Jack, having fun playing with his skills, trying to milk information from them about what Jack wanted, and growing his power."

The five people who were supposed to guard Agatha and Charlotte felt terrified, their legs started shaking. This was only Cain, there are still hundreds…they decided to run away.

The back door was still open and unguarded. They started running, but everyone ignored them as the fate of those who try to run is already sealed.

They opened the door and rushed into the dark Cave…

GWAAAAA! Something groaned from the ground, grabbing one of the men by the leg and dropping to the ground. As he looked closely, it was a zombie. As they light a lantern, the whole cave was flooded with Zombies and devils glaring at them.

Thud! Thud! Thud! A maid slowly walked on top of the undead, facing the five running bandits.

With Spindle and Malta by her side, Amaya bowed slightly lifting the tip of her skirt as gracefully as she could. "Master wants you dead, thanks for donating your bodies to the army."

As bulbs of bloody flesh dripped from underneath her skirt, the entire cave seemed to start moving. This wasn't a normal cave…she had already swallowed them, they were inside her stomach.

As they looked in terror, one of the bandits lifted his barrel and BANG! Shot his own head. The undead devoured them immediately.

In hell, the bandit who killed himself woke up panting… "Where am I?" He asked looking around, feeling both his lungs and eyes burn.

"Another five? They are cooking, cooking!" He heard a deep growl behind him. As he turned around terrified, he could see his other four comrades, and far behind them, munching on a pile of corpses stood a titanic five-headed dragon.

"What…" He gasped.

"Surprise and welcome to hell…hope you taste good, sinners." She smiled and opened her jaw.

ZON! ZON! From a portal, the maid walked in. Sofia stooped to stare at Amaya, "What brought you here? You are supposed to make sure no one runs."

Amaya bowed to her, "Sorry, but that one seems to have run away. Killing himself before I could get him." She looked at the bandit.

"That doesn't mean he ran away…" Sofia sighed looking at Amaya with five heads cocked to the side.

"In necromancy, you have more power over people that you killed than those who killed themselves," Amaya called a group of her zombies and set them on the man to kill him again. "I can't let anyone who isn't fully controlled in the army."

Sofia watched as the zombies killed the man, she then transformed back to her humanoid form. "Would it have been different had I killed them?"

Amaya looked at her confused, "Don't know, Cain didn't explain beyond that the undead need to kill them."

…Back in the interrogation room, Cain had finally finished beating both Charlotte and Agatha. "Well, can you still fight?" They didn't respond, just laid there unconscious.

Alice approached Cain as the rest freed Jack, "I will heal them enough so they can speak," Cain nodded in agreement and then turned toward Jack.

Jack stood scratching his painful jaw, cracking his neck. "Aw! Aw! They got me real good."

"Care to explain?" Cain stared at him.

"Short or long story?"

"Short."

"I'm a new Captain so I need to go to the pirate heaven island and declare my region, otherwise other pirates would hunt us. To reach pirate heaven we need to cross the magical red line, which only the red hair pirate knows how to pass." Jack then stared at Agatha who was lying on the ground unconscious.

"This old hag is the previous captain of the red hair pirate, she is now retired. I do remember her since I met her before with the old captain. The daughter, I'm not sure about."

Cain then looked at the two as he analyzed Jack's explanation, "Could have told us to get them." Cain argued.

"That would enter the long explanation…" Jack cocked his head.

"Then skip it, we got them now. What will you do?"

Jack smiled, "Simple, we find a way to convince them to be our navigators. This way we can make out way to pirate heaven."

"You still need to drop me at the elvish shore." Cain glared at him.

"I know, the dark elves one to be specific. Since they are the only ones who would let pirate dock at their port. But to achieve that, we need to be real pirates first." Jack smiled, "Even the dark seas have laws. Few but they are a thing."

"Like what?" Cain asked, he thought pirates were lawless thugs to some extent.

"Umberlee's dogma, of course. All pirates follow the guidance of the stormgoddess of the seas. She is the one who laid the red line, raised the pirate heaven, and controlled the winds and waves. No paying homage to the bitch queen will only result in us dead at the bottom of the ocean." Jack said staring at Cain.