Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"The Rakshasas community is tightly guarded with a set hierarchy. Their society is bound by a really rigid cast whereas each Rakshasa is born into a particular rule in life and cannot advance. It is very explicitly apparent that females who are called Rakshasi are fit only to be consorts and are honored only by their faithfulness and the fighting ability of their children, but strangely enough, they are ruled by a queen."

'So it appears to be a male dominant from the outside, but the females are secretly controlling everything from the inside? I guess…' Cain thought. 'We can't say until we see that society, as they are told to be cunning.'

"Those of honored birth are called rooks which roughly translates to knights. These are believed to be the guardian of the Rakshasa community, the great warriors. On top of them are what is called the Rajaas, or lords who are the patriarchs and leaders of the local clan. And finally, on top of those, we find the Maharajah, aka the dukes who are the leaders of several clans put together."

'The mages who attack the fortress called Selena a Maharajah. What do you make of that?' Morena asked and Cain started thinking.

'They weren't Rakshasa so when they saw how strong Selena was, they mistook her for a Maharajah.' Cain replied. 'I think there is more to that than meets the eye.' Morena added while thinking.

'I will keep it in the back of my head. And by that I mean you keep it in your mind and remind me when something happens.'

"Rakshasas are obsessed with humanoids, they like to flex their cunning over them. Test their schemes on them, dominate and enslave them. They just like being around them, they like the clothing they make, the wine they brew, the music they sing, and most of all, their flesh…"

'That took a turn…'

"Rakshasaes are carnivores, and their favorite food is humanoid flesh. Something they go through all kinds of trouble and ruses to simply obtain. What makes it harder for them, and the reason they need all the sorcery and tricks to obtain it, is the fact they like it not just fresh but while the meal is still alive."

'Ok, this explains why Selena always snuck a bite of the heads of whomever she kills.' Cain remembered.

"They season living people with fresh and rare spices, exotic side dishes, and other expensive delicacies as they eat them. If the meal isn't squirming and screaming then it is just not the same. This is why they require complex tricks. As they would rather do the killing themselves in the comfort of their dining table. And of course even better if they don't stain their favorite expensive clothes with someone else's blood while in the process."

'I shouldn't let Selena fight humanoid again, less she gets that habit…' Cain thought… 'Don't mind that, read the next part…' Morena told him as she felt the next part to be the most important.

"Rakshasa's curse is something special, as it is not something they actively control. The curse of lycanthropy. The Rakshasaes' offsprings with a humanoid are inflicted with this curse that gives them animalistic features. The curse is passed down from one generation to the other until it becomes one with its nature. The last know species to be created from this curse are the black jaguar demi-humans."

'This is…something…' Cain re-read it one more time.

'Does it say how to summon one? They are devils so they can be summoned, right?' Morena urged Cain to flip the pages looking for a description to summon a Rakshasa.

"Rakshasa as devils can be summoned like all other devils, with a special ritual that makes sure you're getting the type you want."

'Ok here are the ritual details, they are a bit gross…' Cain looked through the page.

The ritual must be held on the full moon night, by the hands of a thief or a killer.

You will need an animal of the type you want to summon, a tiger for a tiger-Rakshasa.

Ten innocent people as a living sacrifice. It is advised to choose them depending on the liking of the Rakshasa you want to summon. Tigers are fond of the flesh of older women, cougars are fond of younger men, and lions are fond of noble blood.

The caster and the animal must then consume the ten innocent people while they are still alive, even if it took them days to finish. In the end, the animal and the caster will merge into one body that the Rakshasa will possess and manifest in the mortal world.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

'So the caster won't get to see the devil he someone. Most mages will use slaves for the purpose though so they can work around it.' Cain specified. 'Have you summoned one before?' Morena asked.

'No, I only summoned devils who can be directly called through a simple spell.' Cain replied with a sigh.

…

Cain then looked down, the fight was almost over. Dispater was already too exhausted and on the verge of collapsing.

-------------------------------------------------

<Name: Dispater><Race: Iron Devil><Rank: Upper><Exp: 500000>

<HP: 2100/3900><MP: 132/6000><SP: 56/4100>

<Strength: 25><Dexterity: 18><Constitution: 45>

<Intelligence: 30><Wisdom: 50><Charisma: 30>

-------------------------------------------------

'He can regenerate his HP but both his SP and MP are limited…he will now collapse.' Cain thought, landing to face Dispater. Thud! Landing in front of him, all the devils backed away.

Panting, Dispater glared at Cain… "You…bastard!" He coughed blood, "I will kill you…!" He screamed rushing toward Cain swinging his claw.

Cain opened his arms up, letting Dispater stab him in the heart.

Dispater laughed, "I got you! Now you will…" he went silent, feeling the multiple hearts beating inside Cain.

Cain stood there unfazed with a smile on his face, "that's one, a normal heart. There are still twelve, six of which you won't find unless you force me to transform." Cain stated glaring at Dispater.

"Then turn into iron!" Dispater screamed. Cain didn't transform, he just looked at Dispater. "Failed, you don't have enough MP to fully transform me." As Cain said, only a few drops of his blood where Dispater stabbed him have turned into Iron, his true body was too big to be transformed with a merger 132MP.

Dispater passed out, his body went limp when his MP dropped to 0. Cain's tentacles quickly devoured him.

[Exp: +5000000]

'I don't need anything from you but that ability, just perish and rest in peace.'

[[Touch of Dispater] Have been added to the system. You now have the ability to turn flesh to Iron and Iron to rust.]

[[Dispater's Gaze] has been added to the system. You now can stare at someone's eyes and force them to live their most hated memories...] => [Mixing the ability with the mad soul…[Dispater's Gaze]=>[Eldritch Gaze of Nightmares] Trap the target in a never-ending nightmare.]

[[Dispater's Dis Teleport] has been added to the system. While in Dis, you can teleport 120 ft at will without expending MP]

[[Dispater's Regeneration] has been added to the system. While in Dis, you passively regenerate 20HP by consuming the layer's innate power.

'I can create a portal here to my Maze, and then use it to suck the layer's power to regenerate all the time. Sadly this won't work with the teleport.' Cain thought stretching his arms.

[Dispater's existence is resilient so it has been fully destroyed to keep the mental integrity.]

Cain looked behind him and all the devils were bowing, "Your orders."

"Go kill all the sinners you find, massacre them over and over for me," Cain ordered them to go farm Exp for him.