Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Cain reached the Iron fortress with his company, the guards opened the doors for him immediately. The news of Dispater's new look has already reached all the corners of Dis city.

Dispater's consorts rushed toward Cain with worried, pale faces, "Our lord, how did it go." They asked and Cain glared at them "Went fine. I'm in a bad mood so scram."

The consorts quickly rushed away from his eyesight, the last thing they wanted was to get him into an even worse mood. Using what memories he could forage from Dispater's memory he walked to his room with all the groaning sinners behind him.

​ The guards gave the lowly half-blooded shadow devil a scorned glare. They would rather her not setting a foot in the fortress. Cain noticed their glares so he called them immediately.

The two stood before him terrified at being suddenly called like this.

"How did you look at her?" Cain asked glaring at them, an eldritch light glowed in his eyes that the two guards found extremely disturbing.

"With scorn my lord."

"She is walking behind me, look at me like you did her," Cain growled.

"We do not dare my lord," they replied and Cain nodded looking at the shadow devil.

"You or them, who should I turn onto Iron and throw in the river?" He asked her.

"Them." She replied bowing down, something that the two have forgotten to do.

"Lord, please…" Cain immediately turned them into iron and called the other guards.

"Skewered and in the flame, they go for a day. This is mercy." The other guards thanked him, taking their friends to enact the lord's order. That was a fate better than being thrown in the river for all eternity.

Cain then took the sinners and the shadow devil and headed to Dispater's room. To his luck, it was spacious like hell.

The sinners stared around in fear and anxiety, they were tortured for a long time and now ended up with one of the devil lords, it can't get worse for them.

Cain signaled for the shadow devil to approach him.

------------------------------------------------

<Name: Blagden Blackwall><Race: half-Shadow devil half-sinner><Level: 2/20<Exp: 45120/120000>

<HP: 204/204><MP: 162/162><SP: 180/180>

<Strength: 11><Dexterity: 17><Constitution: 12>

<Intelligence: 11><Wisdom: 14><Charisma: 15>

------------------------------------------------

Cain immediately started casting the enslavement magic on her, she was really a rare specimen to study, and keeping her around without a leach was dangerous.

She never resisted, staying put in place as Cain created the magic. When he asked her how she feels she replied with a smile across her shadowy face.

"From today on, you work directly under me. I already injected several limitations onto you to prevent you from leaking any information." Cain smiled.Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"Such as the fact you're not lord Dispater?" She replied with a smile and Cain laughed.

Didn't expect to see two old enemies at once.

"You really roughened at the dungeon. Well, it was my fault for accepting a shadow Call that I got trapped there." She replied with a sad smile, "To think I challenged a man who took Dispater's place. Did you die or transform into a devil?"

"Something close," Cain replied releasing some of his magic, she could immediately sense that he wasn't something she can understand. Multiple shades of different auras, powers, and origins all flood through one central point that oozes with a creepy flow of souls.

She crooked her eyes, reaching as close to Cain as she almost sniffed his chest. "Are you some type of chimera? I don't talk about the bestial ones, I have a feeling that you're a chimera of intelligent creatures." She replied surprising Cain.

He smiled giggling, "Hoho…don't you just have 11 intelligence, how could you reach such a conclusion."

"I was right?" She said with an excited face.

"Sadly you're wrong, might have got it right just a few days ago." To this day, she is the only one to make a guess so close to Cain's true nature.

She immediately sat beside him and they both looked at the still-confused bunch of sinners.

Cain called the rogue Dooley to sit in front of him.

On her knees she got, staring up at his face. Cain glared down at her, "Lay on the ground." He said and she laid flat on her back.

"I'm going to heal you, but this is going to hurt a lot so feel free to scream as much as you want," Cain warned her and she nodded with sweat dripping from her forehead.

He waved his hand above her wounds, and golden dust emerged with a holy glow that didn't belong in this hell hole. Healing isn't a pleasant thing to sinners as they are weak to holy magic. The magic would still work, but it will feel like being seared with a red iron rod. But unlike the burning pain, the nerves will stay intact so the pain won't stop until the operation ends.

The moment the dust touched her wounds, she tried to jump away, "GRWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!" She wailed but Cain held her in place with telekinesis.

Pissing herself from the pain, Cain looked at her, "Endure it for just a few seconds, you will be fine." He healed all of her wounds in less than 30 seconds by calling on Alice's magic.

By that time she was shaking, her legs unable to move as tears and snot covered her face. When Cain tried to help her stand, she couldn't move at all.

[Telekinesis] Lifting her up with magic, he laid her in the room's corner and made sure she was resting, he then turned toward the other sinners. "Who's next?" He smiled.

All the sinners backed away, unwilling to get healed even though some of them had worms coming from his eye. Another had his open belly wrapped with an old cloth to keep his intestine from spewing out.

Cain sighed, "Let's get the old grumpy men done first. The ladies are kept for last." Cain lifted his finger and a screaming Sinner cried, he didn't want to get healed, it looked so painful he would rather drown in molten iron.

"Let me go you demon! Drown me in the iron river if you want!" He swung his arms but Cain pinned him to the ground.

"One, there is no demon here. Two the iron river is more painful, believe me. So stop being a baby and get fixed." Cain lifted his hand to start healing. As the magic touched the man's body he writhed in pain, trying his best to not scream.

The man's face turned red as he groaned internally, grinding his teeth, all of his muscles tensioned up at the pain. After about half a minute, he was fully healed and started panting.

"See, it wasn't that bad." Cain smiled and the man quickly stood up terrified. It was clear as day that they are being stranded in a strange situation. A devil that can heal, they never heard of such a thing.

"Want more?" Cain lifted his hand but the man didn't immediately run away.

The man started at the other sinners and then looked at Cain, and then back at the sinners, it was better to follow the strong. "Come on you cowards, the lord wants to show you mercy and heal your sorry assess!" The man roared.