Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Cain stared at the man for a while, what had gotten to him? The man faced Cain with a smile and a thumb up, "Don't worry boss, I will get them to move."

One after the other, Cain quickly healed them all up. As he finished, they were all as good as new.

"Better?" Cain asked them with a smile, and they nodded. It was definitely better than having their guts spilling out.

Cain lifted his hand, gathering a haze of blue magic [Gate] a portal opened up. Trrrtic! Trrtict! They heard a strange sound coming. It was like multiple metals knifes gently ticking on the ground rapidly.

"This…" One of them felt it, he backed away with a terrified face. That aura was something he can never forget.

From the portal, Sofia walked out. Her sharp foot claws left burned scratches on the ground as she walked. Since her claws cannot be retracted, Cain still hasn't sorted suitable shoes or boots for her.

The moment she set foot on Dis land, all the devils of the Layer felt her presence. From every corner, every capable fighter rushed toward Dispater's fortress. A horrid presence after the other, they were lucky Dispater won against the previous Devil (thanks to Cain's mad soul, he was able to convince them he was the real Dispater and that they were most like manipulated).

Now that they felt Tiamat, they were thinking that the devil was sent by her. Now that Dispater is exhausted she came to finish him off and take over Dis. This is one of the reasons Cain wasn't willing to take Sofia down with him even with how strong she is now, she drags a lot of attention.

"Lord Dispater!" A pit fiend kicked the door open and stared down, across the lines of sinners, he saw Sofia standing beside Cain. "You!" immediately flying at her with a swing from his iron mace, "I will buy you some time…" Bonk! His mace bounced off Sofia's head as if it was made of foam.

Cain just stared at her, "Are you hurt?"

"Hitting my head is like hitting my draconic head, useless." Just like how Zaleria still carried her weight and draconic mass even in her humanoid form, Sofia was just as sturdy.

"You there, stand away. I called her here, or do you want to end up in the river." Cain growled looking at the pit fiend.

"What?" He gasped looking around. Dispater, Sinners, and lastly Tiamat. 'Was he about to offer those sinners to her? Was he about to ask for information or a favor? Did I just interfere in a deal between lords?' quickly realizing the situation, he bowed down apologizing.

"Why did you call me?" Sofia asked looking at Cain, the both of them completely ignored the Pit fiend as they didn't need to worry about it.

"Take those to your fortress and watch over this place for me, I will be going down to the third layer, Minauros," Cain stated and the pit fiend gasped in surprise at what he heard.

"Fine, but will you be all right down there?" Sofia asked with a worried face.

Cain nodded patting her head, "Of course, I will be fine. Just another day or two and we can set off."

BANG! The door got kicked again and hordes of Pit fiends lined up glaring at Sofia, "Queen of the dragons, this place is surrounded. Release our lord or else!" They growled pointing their weapons at her.

Cain could sense that the whole fortress was surrounded, thousands upon thousands of devils are swarming the place. They did the same when he appeared but then it was easy to just blast them with a single meteor.

Cain lifted his hand, pointing at the devils. "Since when it was okay for you idiots to just barge into your lord's room like this?" [Telekinesis] He started squeezing them.

"L-lord Dispater…we're here to protect you…" One of them cried.

"You will do better by awaiting my command. No, her command." Cain growled staring at them and then at Sofia.

"I do have work in the third Layer so I called her to manage the layer while I go down." He added with an exhausted face.

"Letting another lord into your domain is just…" A devil cried, he was the strategist working for Dispater.

"Another lord? Ah, I hate to break the news to you but we're married…She is your lady…" Cain had to stress that so the devils can understand, now that they were close to being brainwashed, it was better to go all out.

The devils froze in place confused, since when, how, why. What did happen at the time they were manipulated? They wandered with puzzled faces.

"Wouldn't it be better to leave this layer with Alice?" Sofia asked.

"I have other plans for her, don't worry," Cain replied. Sofia nodded and then stared at the devils.

"Start fixing a Gate between the layers, make sure everything is clean, and got me a detailed report about the Layer!" Sofia shouted and they all ran outside with terrified faces. Dispater was known to punish devils by turning them into Iron, Tiamat would just eat you over and over like a snack.

After the devils Ran away with scared faces, Sofia finally got the chance to look around at the Sinners and the devil standing behind Cain. She immediately noticed the rogue in the cave.

"What are you doing here?" Sofia approached her with a serious face.UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Dooley froze in place, her legs refused to move as fear took over her. Everyone called the girl Tiamat, the dragon queen. Wasn't she the crying mage who refused to let Cain kill her, isn't she that naïve little girl?

"Do whatever you like with them," Cain stated, he knew the rogue but didn't intend on holding onto her.

"I do need some servants in the fortress. The Abishai are good but they lack the delicate touch of humans." Sofia said glaring at the sinners.

"So say the boss, we're working for the lady!" The man from earlier shouted with an energetic voice, smiling toward Cain and Sofia.

Sofia patted Dooley's shoulder and smiled, "I do need someone to sharpen my claws. You and some girls will be my personal maids. The rest are going to work the fortress, clean it and make sure everything is tidy."

Dooley nodded energetically. She can't refuse, especially since Sofia's claws have left holes in her shoulder, saying no was a death sentence.

Sofia then turned toward Cain and stared at him, "And what will you do with that one?" She looked at the shadow devil Blagden Blackwall.

Cain's shadow danced, and something poked out "This one is for me." Gracie poked her head from his shadow, Melissa behind her.

Sofia looked at them surprised, "Wasn't you in the mansion?"

"My shadow is Cain's shadow, I can be at his side all the time," Gracie replied with a proud face, she has been refining her magic for ages.

"Succubus, what a rare thing to find in those places," Blagden replied with a confused face as she approached them. Bending down at Cain's feet to stare into his shadow. "There are almost a hundred ones there." She gasped in surprise.

"Get in there, I need to go," Cain said.

"No…I fear they might do some…" As she wiggled her butt, Cain immediately kicked her into the shadow. "AH!" she moaned for some reason.