Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Leaving Sofia to deal with the things behind him, Cain leaped into the portal leading to Minauros. Going through the volatile magic of the portal, Cain could feel the disgusting air of the layer slowly seeping up.

"This will be as gross as the books said, better get ready." CRACK! As magic circulated around his body, [Enchanting: Acid Resistance] [Enchanting: Poison Resistance] [Enchanting: Toxin Resistance] [Enchanting: Rot Resistance] 'I will be borrowing your scales for this trip.'

Cain thought, black scales appeared on his skin, and his eyes glowed golden as Morena's blood flew through his veins. ~I need more of your rot curse than usual, get ready~ Cain then Called Alice.

~Do as you like~

She replied and he started sucking her magic, at the same time replenishing her mana with his through the binding link.

When Cain felt that he was resistant enough, he added a bit more resistance, and even more just to be safe.

Cain started thinking 'The place down there should be infested with Chain devils and insect monsters, all of which are venomous rot-dwelling worms of gore. Mammon, the lord of the third layer is even a snake-like devil.'

'Can we beat him?' Morena asked with a worried face, Gray then added 'I wasn't even able to face Dispater'

'Remember, those are lords of hell. I don't expect you two to be able to wing against them. Out of everyone only my father, Ariel, and now Sofia has the potential to stand their ground.' Cain replied with a smile.

'To think I was trying to kill you, sister was right to stick by your side.' Morena said.

'You are by my side as well,'

…

An endless swampland of rotting trees and corpses, a disease-infested bog with a strong stench that makes Furberg's swears smell like vanilla and lilac. The rot worms have grown so large they were mistaken for great snakes. Upon closer inspection, the muddy ground barely had any water, just acid, and poison all around.

In the distance, a titanic snake coiled around a mountain spewing poison from his fang at the hordes of devils trying to hunt him.

In the middle of the layer, there exited the great city of Jangling Hiter, also called the city of chains by non-devils.

The city hung in the air above the fetid bog of Minauros, suspended from thick metal chains dangling from the sky. It wasn't actually known what these chains connected to, as they were shrouded by the hailstone-hurling clouds of Minauros. Most likely, they crossed the boundary between layers and joined Dis, the layer above.

In the middle of it, in a mansion hanging alone with golden chains, a Serpentine devil lay in a bath of gold coins and devil women. He glared through the window at the great serpent. "Today you fall, let this war between us that lasted for millennia ends." Mammon, the lord of Minauros growled.

With golden skin, the upper body of a human, and the lower half of a snake, the lord of the third layer swam in mountains of gold as his layer rotted to oblivion.

But then, as he watched the serpent. BOOM! The gate to Dis that never opened in hundreds of years. Covered with stalagmite growth, it exploded. A burst of Magic of unbelievable power coursed through the whole layer.

A weird slimy sensation rushed through all the devils as if they were being caressed with hundreds of worms. The fight at the great serpent stooped for a moment.

With his sharp vision, Mammon took a short glance at a white-haired humanoid falling from it. He stood up, "Who is…" The aura disappeared as if it never existed, even the great devil lord couldn't pinpoint the humanoid's location.

The great serpent that the devils were fighting took the chance and crawled deep into the ground, escaping with his bloodied wounds. This was his chance to recover.

"The serpent is running away!" The devils screamed but it was useless, they lost him.

In the swap of Minauros, Cain landed on a stone that seemed relatively clean, immediately blasting it with water after hiding his aura. "Gross, this is another level of hell…" He coughed [Enchanting: Vanilla]

Cain looked around, it was dark but he could still see relatively well [Darkvision] just to be safe.

The area around him looked grim. Rotten, worm-infested trees, bubbling bogs of poison, and disgusting green liquid. The stench was horrid and he could hear the hissing of snakes.

[Fly] Cain started floating, he will never walk in such a place, nor touch anything [Telekinesis] 'No wonder the book I read before said to get used to swimming in sewers before coming here.'

Cain didn't fly into the sky, he kept low at the forest ground to avoid the chain devils' sight. A direct fight with the chain devils is bad for two reasons. He can't use big spells as he didn't want the disgusting juices of this layer to have a chance of seeping to the fourth layer, or for the stench to rise to the second layer. The second reason is that he didn't want to knock the city of chains down, that place was worth more than being destroyed by a meteor.

Slowly flying through the swamp, he noticed that the small bugs (Dog sized) avoided him as well did the snakes. His aura wasn't completely hidden, he left it on for about 30 feet to scare the disgusting creatures.

'This place looks fun' Morena said.

'Fun in what way? It's disgusting, smells bad, and only hosts life forms that no one wants to see.' Cain used [telekinesis] to lift a dog-sized spider, and he immediately threw it away.

'Should we set a base?' Gray asked

'Good idea' Cain replied, he had been here for just a few seconds and he already feels like he need to scrap his skin with a whetstone.

Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Cain started setting the magic, lifting his hands up, he can't open the mansion here as the devils will detect such a powerful spell. It was best for him to stick with something basic.

[Lisworth's tower]

Cain raised the tower slowly so as to not attract attention, immediately covering it with illusion and dirt picked with [Telekinesis] at the end he managed to make it look like just another big tree.

Cain immediately walked inside and closed the door, immediately sealing the tower to insulate it from the outside. "Disgusting, disgusting. More than I expected…" He rushed toward the bath.

'Really?' Morena said

'Yeah, I need to prepare more to take on this place. I expected a dump, and I ended up diving into a pile of rotten corpses. Just imagine hitting a devil with a spell and then all this gross shit splashing everywhere.'

As Cain took his clothes off, Gracie leaped from his shadow. "I will help you…" she said with a smile, Melissa leaped out, and Blagden tried to do so as well but Gracie stepped on her head, forcing her back down in the shadow.

"Melissa is okay?" Cain looked at her.

"Melissa is obedient, that one isn't yet," Gracie replied and Cain couldn't agree more. The three of them walked to the bath.