Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

After Cain finished the bath and had worn his clothes, getting ready to spend some fun time with Gracie (Avoiding the need to go outside) BANG! BANG! The tower shook and crackled. Cain growled looking at the door, "Are they here?"

"I will fight as well." Gracie lifted her dagger, they interrupted her meal…

"No, you go back. I will deal with them alone." He said opening his palm, the staff immediately flew to him.

Melissa got surprised by his response "Those are devils outside, you will need our help."

Gracie grabbed Melissa by the shoulder and threw her into the shadow, "Learn to listen," She said looking down. "Cain, I will be going. Call me if you need help." She jumped behind her immediately.

When Cain went outside, he didn't find any devils. Just a massive jaw, filled with sharp teeth and dripping poison.

"Kill me, stranger!" the titanic snake growled with a gust of foul breath escaping his hisses.

At the last moment, Cain managed to steal one glance before the snake charged at him.

--------------------------------

<Name: Jorm><Race: Devilish Titanoboa><Level: 100/100><Exp: 75000>

<HP: 354/3850 (8800)><MP: 213/1400 (3700)><SP: 450/3650(8000)>

<Strength: 30/60><Dexterity: 25/50><Constitution: 28/56>

<Intelligence: 17/34><Wisdom: 13/26><Charisma: 12/24>

Traits:

[Decaying body]

[Broken mind]

…

--------------------------------

Cain flew away, the snake charged into the tower shattering it.

At that moment, the entire Layer felt Cain's aura again. It was like a heavy block of stone dropping. The lower devils felt like they were drowning in mud, unable to breathe. While the middle-ranked vomited at the tentacle sensation across their bodies.

ROOOAAAR! They all heard the titanic snake, their mortal enemy roar again in a hundred years. They all looked toward the endless bog.

BAM! The titanic snake was rampaging with vigor than any devil younger than a hundred years ever witnessed. Swinging his massive tail, ripping hundreds of trees in one go.

BAM! BAM! The snake opened his jaw and launched a bit at what looked to be thin air, and then another and another. His bites were faster than what the eye can see, each time spitting a flood of poison.Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

FLASH! Those with keen eyes noticed a faint blue spark from where the snake was biting.

The snake coiled its body on the ground. BAM! Launching itself toward the blue flash-like spark. Flying till he reached the wall, the snake coiled there again, bouncing back almost immediately.

"It's a mage. The great snake is fighting a mage!" One of the devils screamed as he saw a spell get flung toward the snake.

"The two are fighting, we swarm after they exhaust themselves." Mammon walked out of his mansion growling. He pointed his golden staff at the bog and yelled. "Gather the forces, bring the head of the winner."

The devils immediately marched with the crackling of chains. Dangling down from the great city of Jangling Hiter.

As they got close, they saw it. The great snake roaring, a white-haired mage flashed toward him with a fist covered with hazy magic.

The snake dodged the punch, swinging his tail. VROOOM! Cain created a square barrier of magic so quickly that the mana around him rumbled, and the tail attack got blocked. The snake immediately coiled around Cain trying to squeeze him to death.

"Did the snake win?" The devils gasped in terror, they never saw the snake fight like this. Where was he hiding this energy?

BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! A rumbling was heard, and the snake's body started to shiver.

Tentacles forced him open, CRACKLE! A lightning bolt escaped the snake's grasp and smashed into a nearby mountain.

"What was that?" The devils gasped, it was then they felt the mage's aura changing again. More dreadful, disturbing existence…"Isn't this…the one Asmodeus once experimented on?" It was too recent that they couldn't forget it.

CRACKLE! Another massive lightning bolt fell from the sky hitting the mountaintop, and shaking the whole layer as it remained active for more than five seconds.

"He's coming…" The snake said with what looked like a smile. Blood dripping from his eyes and nose, "My death is coming…"

The devils were shocked the snake could even speak, but something else took their minds.

An abomination, a compilation of all that is wrong, deformed, and unholy…even the devils feared what they can't understand…

The mountain-sized creature looked like a monstrous humanoid with a lower half of tentacles. Arms that split at the elbow into four hands. A bald blank head with no face, eyes, nose, mouth, or ears. A semi-exposed ribcage and tens of magic-emitting tentacles sprouted from his upper back and hips to make the creature fly.

CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK!

They couldn't tell if the creature was trying to speak or if it was just his heartbeat.

The devils immediately started retreating while the snake smiled, "Come!" He leaped toward Cain at full power.

Cain swung his arm at an incredible speed yet still missed the snake. BIT! The snake bit Cain's arm, but his tail got severed from the impact.

The snake's body was already falling apart, his wish was to die in a glorious battle, not be enslaved by lowly devils. With his blood dripping, and his life fading. Cain's telekinetic power pulled him away breaking his fangs.

~Even your poison is weak, why do you long for death~

"The goal of life is death. The goal of death is glory." The snake said…going limp after expanding his last drop of life.

CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK!

The snake disappeared from ahead of Cain.

Mammon who was watching from his mansion threw his glass of acid wine at one of the devils beside him. "Useless idiots! Rush him! He must be exhausted…" The devil lord growled.

CRACKLE! CRACKLE! The golden glass he just threw started shaking on the ground, levitated, and then smacked him in the face.

~You're the useless, shit devil~ A voice rang in his head…

Mammon glared at the monster…Cain glared back at him…Puff! Cain then disappeared.

"FUCKER!" Mammon growled, for someone to insult him like that… "Gather the troops…" BANG! The cup smacked him again, ~Shit face!~ Cain replied to him one last time even though Mammon thought he left.

This has caused a new type of fear in Mammon's heart, Cain was able to use magic around him… Mammon was a mage, which is why he held a staff. Usually, even powerful devils can't use magic close to him due to his powerful dispel magic aura.

'The bastard used magic around me even though he was so far away, just what kind of monster he is?' Mammon thought, the tip of his tail shaking.

'In the last years, I felt similar magic from the ninth layer as Asmodeus was experimenting. Is this thing a messenger from him? I haven't paid taxes since he was imprisoned, don't tell me he got free and now he wants them?' His mind started going ballistic.

"Send a messenger to the ninth layer! Tell Asmodeus that the tax money is coming next year, tenfold what he owes me." Mammon growled.