Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"Wake the hell up snake," Cain kicked the great snake's head. The thing didn't budge so Cain lifted his foot up, turned it into a massive tentacle, and then kicked him again.

BAM! The snake's head bounced away from the impact. "GRAHH!" the snake cried in pain, his skull almost shattered.

He looked around him in shock, his tongue hissing to explore the place "Is this heaven..." A scentless white room with almost nothing in it. Only as single white-haired….

As the snake realized Cain was before him, he panicked. Jumping backward and coiling back.

"Hey idiot, come here. We need to talk!" Cain waved to him.

The snake stared at him terrified, "Didn't you kill me?"

Cain gave him a puzzled look, "Why would I kill you? Just the fact that you asked me to kill you is too interesting to kill you."

The snake sighed, "So it was better to just pummel you…JUST KILL ME!" The snake roared trying to leap at Cain but his body froze.

The snake smiled, he can't even sense magic from Cain now. To die by the hands of such a powerful being was a fitting end for him…

"Why do you want to die?" Cain asked with a smiling face.

"As if I will…" As the snake was getting ready to say no. He started talking.

"In ancient ages, my original body whom I can't remember fell through hell. I'm but a fragment of him. Mammon managed to get a few drops of his blood and got the power to become a devil lord, I can't allow him to get my corpse."

Cain nodded, "So that's why he takes the shape of a half serpent. Does this mean I can take your power?"Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Jorm was starting to panic, why is he answering, he should be silent, that was a secret he should take to the grave with him.

"You can as long as you have devilish, holy, or snake blood in you…The process is most likely through constant consumption of my flesh." Jorm explained against his will. "What did you do to me?"

"Nothing special. I just enslaved you…Ah! You don't have to worry about your breaking body as you can heal here." Cain smiled with a stupid face. Flicking his finger he showed the snake his stats.

----------------------------------

<Name: Jorm><Race: Devilish Titanoboa><Level: 100/100><Exp: 75000>

<HP: 954/3900 (8800)><MP: 713/1450 (3700)><SP: 650/3750(8000)>

<Strength: 31/60><Dexterity: 25/50><Constitution: 21/56>

<Intelligence: 18/34><Wisdom: 13/26><Charisma: 14/24>

----------------------------------

"See, you're already recovering your stats slowly. Just sit tight!" Cain smiled.

Jorm raged, "Don't mess with me, mage!" He charged at Cain but quickly stopped.

"You can't attack me, just give up." Cain patted Jorm's nose.

"Tch! I didn't get enslaved or eaten by devils for millennia and now fell to a single mage, how low have I fallen." Jorm growled in anger, his body, his power, and his will had all failed him.

"Now then, I have businesses in Minauros. So excuse me…" Cain opened a portal and was about to leave Jorm trapped in the isolated room until he fully recover.

"Wait, take me with you! You will need a guide, right?" Jorm growled.

"So you can…" Cain said staring at him.

"Of course, so I find a way to escape…DAMN IT!" Jorm smacked his head on the ground as he wasn't able to lie to Cain. Who is this mage, why are his spells so tight?

"Well, I don't mind you trying to run. But you're too big and fat, you will attract a lot of attention." Cain said scratching his none existing beard.

"Fine, how about this?" The snake growled, and in a puff of smoke, he turned into a frail-looking old man wearing white rags. He had long white hair connecting to his magnificent bushy beard. His eyes glowed with golden snake eyes.

"Come on! Now you make me jealous…" Cain threw his staff away.

Confused, Jorm stared at Cain, "What gotten into you?"

"I once grew a magnificent beard, took care of it for decades and now I can't even grow one naturally," Cain growled.

"I don't but you seem to be a knowledgeable wizard, just magically grow one…" Jorm suggested the natural answer.

"The fun is growing it naturally, what would I do with a fake one?" Cain was pretty specific.

"That's your problem chief, want it naturally, you need to wait," Jorm stated. Stroking his beard.

"Now I'm going to shave you clean, come here!" Cain flew toward Jorm frustrated.

After a few minutes of struggling, Cain finally gave up on shaving Jorm's beard.

"Fine, fine, let's head to Minauros." Cain sighed.

"Can't you give me at least a decent set of clothes?" Jorm called Cain before they could leave.

Cain turned toward him with an annoyed stare, "You're a slave and should dress like one, be grateful you have that beard."

"Come on, don't take it on me. Just grow magically and wait for the real one to grow. I bet you didn't look that good in it anyway." Jorm growled rushing toward Cain.

"I don't care what people thought of my look. As long as I think of myself as beautiful, that's what matters." Cain replied with a glare.

"I bet you will never find a woman that will accept you with ugly you must have looked!" Jorm came back with a powerful reply.

"You should stay with a woman who is only in it for your look. That a problem only you will have!" Cain came back with another reply. The two started fighting again.

After about a quarter-hour of bickering and fighting, Cain finally gave up and gave Jorm one of his spare robes. "Come on, we should go."

"Fine, look how generous can you be," Jorm said with a big smile. "Now come on, grow a beard." Jorm stared at him.

Cain just looked back, puzzled "I won't, just give up."

"Come on, you don't want the devils seeing your face. Just use a guise." Jorm replied with a grin.

'He isn't wrong, this time we have to kill Mammon first. And then farm the devils, it's better they don't see our true faces until then.' Morena said inside Cain's head.

Cain sighed, waving his staff around. Gathering the strands of magic to weave a new yet old face, the magic was almost perfect since it was [True Polymorph]

Cain's entire body morphed, growing a long beard with withered skin and a face that lived through decades of suffering and experience. It was as close as he could get to his older look.

'I don't like using it as the girls might not like it…' Cain sighed internally. 'Contradicting yourself, aren't you?' Morena laughed.

'You shut up for a moment.' Cain shouted internally, he was already getting exhausted more than he needs to.

"Jorm let's go, we wasted enough time," Cain said waving his hand and opening a portal to Minauros. The two old men, looking great wizards stepped back into the endless bog of rot.

"First goal? Escaping from you?" Jorm smiled.

Cain glared at him, pointing with his staff toward the dangling city of Jangling Hiter. "Our goal is to infiltrate it, get at least a hundred meters close to Mammon."

"Why is that?" Jorm asked.

"So I can kill him in one hit, without destroying the city or his treasure." Cain grinned.

"So you're not afraid about the city or the people, you are just worried that Mammon's wealth will get tarnished with Acid and poison in the bog when the city falls." Jorm sighed, looking down at the ground.

CRACKLE! He heard the crackle of chains.