Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Cain and Jorm looked up, several Red Chain devils were hanging from the three. Glaring at them with glowing red eyes.

-------------------------------------------------

<Name: ---><Race: Blood chain Devil><Rank: Middle><Exp: 7200><Estimate count: 32>

<HP: 185><MP: 75><SP: 165>

<Strength: 18><Dexterity: 15><Constitution: 18>

<Intelligence: 11><Wisdom: 12><Charisma: 14>

Innate skills:

[Devil Sight: Magical darkness can't blind the devil]

[Multiattack: Two attacks]

[Chain Arts]

[Animate Chains]: The devil can control up to four chains it can see within 60 feet. Those chains magically sprout razor-edged barbs and animate under the devil's control, provided the chains aren't being worn or carried by someone with an equal or greater will to the devil.

[Unnerving Mask]: When the devil is facing a creature, and the creature stares at its eyes. The devil can create the illusion that it looks like one of the creature's departed loved ones, or bitter enemies.

Damage Resistances:

[Magic resistance]

[Cold Resistance]

[Bludgeoning/Piercing/Slashing from non-magical weapons]

Damage Immunities:

[Fire Immunity]VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

[Poison Immunity]

[Acid Immunity]

-------------------------------------------------

"We're busted," Cain whispered to Jorm.

"Nah, let's walk away as if nothing happened," Jorm replied.

As the two old men stared at each other, they nodded, and chains flew toward them.

Cain and Jorm leaped to the side, thankfully Cain's magic is protecting them from the disgusting bog and they can roll as much as they want.

"You! Respect the elderly!" Cain shouted at them and Jorm patted his shoulder, "Those things have no respect."

"Sinners, to the cattle farm you go." One of the chain devils growled. Pointing in the farm directing with his chains before dangling down the tree.

"Go there yourself." Cain growled at them, Jorm smiling behind him, "He's right, blood fuckers!" he shouted.

Cain slowly lifted his staff getting ready to swing.

The devils started laughing, what is a strike from this frail-looking old man going to do to them?

RIP! Cain's staff passed right through the devil's body, sending his torso flying. SPLASH! The blood splashed on all the other devils. "What did I say?" Cain said with a large grin as the devils stared in shock.

It was then that one of the devils noticed something, one of their friend's blood droplets was suspended mid-air. No most of his blood was. The bugs are suspended as well as the trees, the wind is stale and they can't see the water rippling.

"What did you do? Who are you?" One of the devils growled.

"I merely stopped time, can't let the observer at Jangling Hiter see us." Cain lifted his staff, his beard started waving as the mana around his body accumulated.

All the devils grunted, "CHAINS!" The chains from their limbs sprung to life, growing spikes and crackling. CLICK! CLACK! They flew toward Cain ignoring Jorm beside him, the devils still didn't think much of him.

The moment the chains got close to Cain, they froze in place with a blue haze around them. "Impossible, no one can control our chains!" One of the devils cried.

"I can't control them, no I can't be bothered to even try. I'm just using telekinesis to force them to move the way I want." Cain waved his staff. "But now that you pointed it out, let's try it…" [Dominate Monster]

One of the devils stood in place, staring blankly at the sky. Cain freed his chains and he swung them at the other devils.

CLANG! The devils cut three of his friends down, tearing their bodies with powerful chain attacks.

"Let's get all of you down," Cain growled, [Telekinesis] and all of the devils got pulled toward the ground at high speed. Jorm leaped in swinging his fist, CRACK! His punch went right through a devil's head.

…

In Jangling hitter, the observer, a chain priest was watching. He saw the blood chain devil group leave the cattle farm and head to a strange location in the bog. Most likely they spotted new sinners and wanted to get them to the farm.

"Oh my, oh my. Can't they just send one or two? Why do they have all to go?" he questioned watching them move, reach the spot, and then…puff, they disappeared in front of his eyes. He saw them reach the trees, and then they just didn't exist anymore…

The priest turned toward the garrison, "Send a group of Blue to the farm. It's either we have a new powerful sinner or the mage from earlier has made his move." He said.

A group of blue Chain devils approached him, "How many were lost?" Their leader asked with a worried expression on her face.

"Thirty-two in total." The priest replied with a passive face.

"Do we have permission to take the Ash as well?" She asked looking behind her.

The priest stared back at the forest, thinking about the situation…if it was a powerful sinner, sending a small force will be a failure. It is also a failure if it was the mage… But sending a big force can be a win against a powerful sinner and a bigger loss against the mage.

"You can whomever you want, don't lose them." He stared at them and the blue devil leader smiled, "I won't lose."

…

Cain and Jorm finally reached the cattle farm after getting rid of red chain devils.

The two stood at the side of a large, worm-infested tree as they stared at the cave entrance.

Cain looked at Jorm, "Know what this is?"

"The devils did call it a farm but it's just a resurrection point to sinners. They take sinners to the city, eat them, then they resurrect back here and the devils grab them again. Hell exists to torment the sinners and this is a prime example of that." Jorm started approaching the cave, and Cain followed him.

"Can't they spawn in other places?" Cain asked. The layer was vast and it seemed strange that the sinners spawned here of all places.

"Mammon once bought a bunch of magical knives from the ninth layer. Those knives are called directing fangs and had the ability to force sinners to resurrect in the marked place." Jorm explained while taking look into the cave.

Hiss! Hiss! He extended his tongue and tasted the air, the cave was almost safe. All the sinners have been moved just this morning while only two Chain devils are inside. "So…your turn, there are two red ones inside." He looked at Cain with a smile.

Cain looked inside the cave, and put his hands together [Arcane Eye] he sent an invisible magical eye to inspect the place. Then, he saw one of the devils sitting on a bone chair sharpening his chain's spike.

[Telekinesis] Cain clenched his hands together. SPLAT! An invisible force fell on the devil's head, smashing him to the ground.

As the other devil heard the noise and rushed to check in but SPLAT! He was taken out as easily as the first one.

"I cleared the place, should we check it from the inside? I might be able to reverse the spell." Cain said with a smile.

"You know you're scary? Could you kill anyone like that?" Jorm asked.

Cain shook his head, "The target needs to be relatively weak and taken by surprise. Otherwise, it can be resisted with a bit of will. In such case, I will just lift a boulder and smash him through…"