"I can't undo the spell from here. It is set and constructed at the knives and only redirects people here. Whoever made it had a real understanding of hell's function and laws." Cain said as he inspected the wide cavern inside the cave.

"Hell laws? Who could it be, Asmodeus?" Jorm walked behind Cain lifting stones from the ground and looking underneath them for any spell inscription or rune.

"Asmodeus is a far shot, he has the knowledge but not the time to make it. Probably one of the deeper lords."

The two of them walked outside. Cain opened his hands and started constructing a spell [Prismatic dome] [Prismatic dome] [Prismatic dome] He cast the ninth-tier spell three times to create a three-layered barrier around the cave. This won't allow the Chain devils to extract the sinners even if they resurrected here.

"Would this do it?" Jorm knocked on the glass-like barrier.

"I don't expect the chain devils to break a three-layered barrier, only Mammon could do it. And I would be happy if he came out here for me." Cain smiled, [Prismatic Dome] He added a fourth layer just because he can.

"What should we do now? Why do you want to save the sinners in the first place? I under that we hate the devils here me than them but…" Jorm walked behind him.

"Apparently one of my acquaintances threw a few sinners to the second layer. People should only suffer by the layer they were thrown in, getting deeper is just too much." Cain explained.

"That acquaintance threw them to Dis, right? Why care here?"

"If it happened between the first and the second, it will happen to the third as well. Here you can go down from where you spawned but can't go up, I will send all the sinners I meet to the first layer and they will get sorted naturally."

CLAP! Cain put his hands together, "I can see the sinners. They are being carried in a cage up to Jangling hitter."

"And what do you intend to do? Drop them off?" Jorm shook his head, such a fall would kill the sinners. 'Hold up, that will get them back here to us…' He immediately smiled, "Blast them away!"

"I'm not going to kill them, let's teleport there and infiltrate the city. All I need to do is get close enough to Mammon."

"What if we got exposed?"

"We won't…"

[Teleport] Both Cain and Jorm immediately phased away, appearing right in the middle of the sinners-filled Cage wearing ragged clothes.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

The sinners quickly glared at them, "AH…" Before they could scream Cain lifted his hand and all of them went silent, "Be calm you're sinners, not cows."

They all stared at him sweating, this could get them in trouble…wait, it can't. They were already carved and eaten alive over and over, what do they have to lose?

"Old man, you appeared out of nowhere-nya. Was it magic-nya?" When Cain looked behind him, a cat girl with long flowing brown hair and with few blond strands. Glowing blue eyes and an excited face.

'That-nya, for a moment I thought it was Selena…' Cain looked at her with a smile. "Yeah, I do have a few magic tricks up my sleeve." Cain lifted his hand and created a small light ball.

The cat girl stared at it with an excited face, her tail waving around and she swung her claws at the all. "NYA!?" she gasped her claws passed right through so she started swinging again and again.

"You seem to like magic a lot, were you an apprentice before?" He asked creating a second light ball and Jorm stared from behind.

"No-nya. I was a traveling merchant until I was caught by bandits-nya. Then I died when their hideout got raided-nya." She replied looking at Cain's face, she then pointed at her ears, which were slightly tucked back. Even now remembering that night still gave her chills.

"The raider was a lone man-nya, he killed me even though I begged him not to-nya…But to be honest, if I know he would kill all the bandits, I wouldn't mind being killed at his hands-nya." She smiled.

"A sad story, but I'm sure he killed them all." Cain smiled patting her head.

"I only hope my friend survived-nya, she is a hardy one, but she was chained well in a cage-nya." Hearing those words, it was now that Cain's brain started saying what fuck is this.

"What is your friend's name?" Cain asked staring at her, worried.

"Selena-nya, Selena Atlanta-nya." The girl said with a big, large smile.

Cain sat on the ground scratching his head, "Ah…damn it…" He growled.

"What happened to you old man-nya?" The girls rushed to inspect him. He did look in his eighties after all.

"That raider, it was probably me." He said it sighting, that one person. No wonder it got to him, which was a genuine cry for help.

"What are you talking about-nya?" She stared at him, not believing his words. After all, not even a year has passed. There is no way her killer would have become such a bone sack. "So, did you kill them all-nya? The bandits who tormented me and my caravan-nya?" She asked anyway.

"Yeah, they all died, both I and Selena cleared them out. We then tracked their leader Jack and killed him as well." Cain said with a sad face. Somewhere in the back of his head, he knew that a few of the bandits he killed in the cave were probably innocent people, what hurt him more was that she was a friend of Selena.

"Are you serious-nya?" She said with a puzzled face.

"Yeah, you two should probably talk…" Cain flicked his finger and a small hazy blue gate appeared. From it, Selena walked out.

"Rahana-nya!"

------------------------------------------------

<Name: Rahana Neomira><Race: Sinner Tabaxi (Cat people)><Level: 9/20<Exp: 45120/120000>

<HP: 127/135><MP: 45/45><SP: 175/180>

<Strength: 14><Dexterity: 17><Constitution: 13>

<Intelligence: 10><Wisdom: 11><Charisma: 15>

Skills:

[Claws arts]

[Short Sword Handling]

[Nightvision]

------------------------------------------------

"Selena-nya!"

As the two stared at each other…Cain looked outside, 'I don't feel like infiltrating anymore…Mammon, I'm going to take my frustration on you.'

'That's more like it…' Morena growled, it now has gotten personal.

With the crackling of Chains, the cage reached Jangling Hitter. The ash devils walked slowly toward it with several books to mark the sinners. "Now get everyone in line and send them where they need to go." One of the devils said as they got ready to open the cage.

CRACKLE! The cage opened up slowly, but the sinners didn't get out immediately as they did before. Instead of being angry, the chain devils were just confused. They knew that the sinners won't go against their inevitable fate or rebel against them. Their unwillingness to move was probably due to a problem that need fixing.

Just like a shepherd whose sheep refused to get out of their pen, they approached them and asked "What's the matter?" They looked around for any worms from the bog, signs of intoxication or disease.

Thud! Thud! It was then they saw two glowing yellow eyes walk toward them. A cat girl with a muscular body, sharp claws, and an oppressive feeling. Veins were popping on her forehead as she bore her fangs.

One of the devils opened his mouth, "Who…" CRACK! In the next moment, the cat girl disappeared as did the devil's head. His body remained standing for a moment, splashing blood before falling off.