Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Selena leaped toward the horde of chain devils, swinging her claw. The devils formed a line, twisting their chains together to form a barrier.

BANG! Selena's claws blasted right through the barrier and grabbed one of the devils by the chest. Pulling him in, she bit his head off.

One devil leaped at her back, wrapping his chains around her body. "CUT US!" He roared.

A chain priest approached, swinging his chain in circles. CLACK! A long sharp blade appeared on it making it seem like a sickle. [Chain Reaper] He swung at them.

A flash of light emerged from Selena's arms and legs, [Thunder Step] BAM! She zapped ahead like a cannonball. The devils on her back died as the chains pulled him apart and Selena ran right through the priest. Turning his body into a paste.

"She…" As the devils turned around, they didn't find her. She only escaped their eyes for a moment and now they can't track her, how fast is she moving? And why isn't she making any noise?

TAP! TAP! One of the devils felt a hand tap on his shoulder, he turned around terrified thinking it was Selena but instead saw an old man. "Kid, do you know where the toilet is?"

The devil immediately swung his chain, CLANG! Jorm lifted his hand and blocked the attack, "Can't take a joke, you couldn't at least die laughing."

"Are fucking with us? Who are you?" The devil growled.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"Yes, I'm fucking with you. What do you expect me to do with whom tried to kill for millennia?" Jorm said, his body quickly morphing into a titanic snake so long that his tail rested on the bog. He immediately charged crushing a few devils that were on the streets.

"He took nine of us, reform now and wait for reinforcement. We now have 68…no…31." The priest counting froze in place, some of his soldiers were missing…

CRACK! CRUNCH! CRUNCH! He slowly turned his head looking into the shadows, seeing half-eaten corpses upon corpses. A massive black Jaguar merely eating…

"Maharajah…" The priest gasped, he didn't need a second glance. This Rakshasa who can take on the bestial form and kill like this, there was no doubt, she is a duke.

…

PEW! PEW! PEW! Hundreds of small balls of condensed magic flew through the sky, exploding in a massive chaotic storm of lightning and fire upon falling into the bog. Everyone looked up, Cain and Mammon were fighting at high speed, two mages clashing.

The air around them crackled, and the acid rain refused to fall close to them. The countless anti-magic fields released by both of them caused the air to start burning. Everyone there knew they could survive by their side without getting burned.

"Our lord shall win!" The devils started cheering, Mammon was their only hope. The Golden serpent of greed.

Mammon swung his staff, sending a ray of multi-colored light at Cain, [Prismatic Spray] each color had elemental damage tied to it. Red for fire, Blue for lightning and white for cold, Green for acid, Yellow for poison, purple for necrotic, and so on…

Cain lifted his hand, [Dark Star] ten black dots of absolute darkness emerged from his hand, spinning around his body at high speed and then absorbing spray. Cain smiled, laughed… "Is this all you can do?"

The orbs flew toward Mammon without a moment wasted. Mammon lifted his staff and smacked one of them away as if it was nothing, "Back to you. You only seem to be running…" Mammon growled lifting his staff.

[Devil Summoning: Bael and the 69 devils] With a burst of dark magic, a hazy portal opened on the city streets. Thud! Thud! Thud! A large Minotaur appeared, followed by a 69 Chain hero. "Lord Mammon-moo, we were in the middle of a war, why did you call me-moo…" Bael roared, looking up toward Mammon.

Mammon started laughing, "You're not the only one with a duke, you can never match either in allies or magic." He immediately rushed at Cain, grabbing him by the neck.

Cain just sat there with a bored face, he was a little bit impressed but not like how he expected. "Become a trophy!" Mammon growled releasing his curse [Gold Touch] Just like Dispater who could turn flesh to iron, he could turn flesh to gold.

THUD! THUD! THUD! Cain's body didn't change, on the other hand, Mammon's hand rotted into bones and fell off. "What?" He growled…staring behind Cain.

From behind Cain's wings, a pure white hand emerged. Followed by a pair of black wings, blond hair, a red and golden eye, and two long horns. "How did you come?"

"I Sensed your body about to be forcibly transformed so I quickly teleported in with the link. What happened to your face though?" Alice said, commenting on the bizarre devil shape Cain was taking.

"The usurper?" Mammon growled, he never expected to see the bitch in his domain. "So Asmodeus was never freed? You sent this to my domain!" He roared in rage.

"He isn't this, he is my husband you know…" Alice lifted her hand. Feeling the power of the layer seep through her body and empowering her curse. This is a layer of rot and Decay, she is a devil of Decay and rot…a perfect fit.

Alice stood in the air without the need to flap her wings, the magic of the layer itself levitating her. Like a fish in the water, this was her domain and it quickly gave up.

Mammon's hands started shaking, feeling the power escape his bones. He was getting empowered by the layer as the ruler but now for some reason, he stopped getting powered. "What did you do?" He growled.

…CRACK! BAM! Bael's body flew across the city, crushing building after building and coughing blood. He stared in fear, what is this monster?

The berserk Selena flew at him with a straight punch to the face sending him flying again. The speed and power were on a whole other level than his.

His 69 devils have already been consumed by Jorm, who is now just standing a guard coiling his massive body around the battlefield, making sure the chain devils don't interfere.

…

Alice lifted her hand, taking a deep breath, CRACK! CRACKLE! A purplish-black blade appeared in her hand, "Die!" she growled staring at Mammon but Cain put his hand on her head. "Calm down." He said with a smile.

"But he almost turned you into gold?" Alice turned toward Cain with a worried face, the two of them were ignoring Mammon being there.

"This worm can't, I just wanted to see the extent of his power. To decide whether I need to take it or not." Cain lifted his hand and blocked a strike from Mammon.

"You two bastards!" Mammon growled and Cain turned toward him with a really pissed face.

"You just insulted my wife twice," SLAP! Cain swung his hand slapping the Devil lord hard enough to send him flying toward the city street. That wasn't a normal slap, it had [Telekinesis] behind it.

Mammon spews blood, his back almost breaking. The layer wasn't giving him any power, he was getting weaker and weaker.

Cain glared down at him with glowing blue eyes…