Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

"ORA! ORA!" Chad punched Mammon twice, grabbing him by the hair and then smacking him on the ground. CRACK!

<HP: 1710/5450><HP: 1643/5450>

"Turn to gold!" Mammon screamed grabbing Chad by the arm. In a bright light, a golden patch of skin started covering Chad's arm as Mammon laughed.

Before his arm could fully transform, Chad's body naturally rejected the magic. The divine energy cursing through his veins was as easy to break. BAM! The golden patch of skin exploded, and Chad immediately regenerated the lost part of his skin.

Mammon clicked his tongue, this was the first time he saw something resist his curse like beside the original Asmodeus. "Who are you?" Mammon screamed, how come a human has such power?

Chad didn't respond, he instead took a stance with a deep breath. "Let's dance…" BAM! Chad leaped ahead with explosive speed, swinging a fist at Mammon.

"Wither into ashes!" Mammon screamed pointing his staff at Chad, [Curse Burst: Wither] A black beam of magic, akin to what Alice could release rushed toward Chad.

Chad didn't slow down, He instead swung his palm at the beam, slapping it away. 'What is it with him? What is his deal' Mammon pondered as he couldn't comprehend how Chad's power worked.

Mammon leaped backward dodging Chad's charge and pointed his staff at him. "How about this?" [Holy Spear] Unlike the other devils, Mammon was using magic already stored in the countless gems and magical items within his body. It wasn't strange for him to have spells that devils shouldn't have.

CLANG! Chad slapped the spear away as well, and this time leaped ahead, Kicking Mammon in the face.

<HP: 1643/5450><HP: 1526/5450>

Mammon thought. 'Neither curse nor Holy magic work on him? Those two are contradictory, at least one of them should work…what trick he is using…I see I understand.'

"I figured it out…" Mammon smiled as flew backward bleeding. CRACK! CRACK! He rolled on the ground and stood up, looking at Chad.

"Divine energy isn't it?" He smiled, "Of course, you will repel both since it's…" Before he could finish speaking, Ariel flew in swinging her blade. In an instant, she sliced Mammon's head off.

<HP: 1526/5450><HP: 1/5450>

"Why did you kill him?" Chad growled at her.

"He was about to say something that shouldn't be said." She replied with a holy glow on her face.

BAM! BAM! The city started rumbling, "Their origin!" A voice boomed across the city and Ariel stared around with a pissed-off face. "The bastard survived."

"You angels are merely boot-licking slaves, once he disappeared and the fakers took over. Our lord was the only one to lift his swords and fight back, unlike you coward dolls." A tall, gold-skinned, and fat humanoid appeared from behind them. Two massive horns protruded forward from his head.

With a smile and his fingers together, he spoke. "Divine energy is what first created curse and holy magic, they are two sides of the same coin. But to my knowledge, even gods see it as a precious resource to waste on a human. I wonder how millions of gold pieces is your body worth."

BAM! Ariel leaped at him swinging her blade. Mammon disappeared and she did as well. CLANG! CLANG! Quick flashes could be seen across the sky and then the two of them landed, Mammon licked the wound on his arm and it healed. Ariel clicked her tongue, this was a fat one to cut through.

"Cain! Stop standing there and kill this bastard." Ariel yelled at Cain who was floating in the sky with Alice, silently watching the battle unfold.

"I'm a bit interested in what he meant, killing him can wait a bit," Cain replied staring down at Mammon. He then spoke again, "Your serpentine shape, what was it?"

Mammon looked up, "I was getting ready to absorb the snake's power, that's why I looked like that. Now that I gave up on it, I reabsorbed the power I kept in a gem inside my heart."

Cain wasn't able to appraise Mammon, this was a true devil lord, and even his presence was oppressing. Yet Cain didn't seem worried and flew down to face the man.

"What you said earlier…"

"I do sponsor Asmodeus and he tell me stories of the forgotten ages," Mammon said and Ariel rushed to slice him again. CLANG! Mammon stopped her with a golden staff, "His lordship was an angel till the fakers took over the heaven, he fought back against them till they threw him here in hell."

"There is only one true god AO, I know that. So you mean…" Cain stared at him.

"We devils are the descendant of the fallen angels, our ancestors fought against the fakers and lost. Yet till today, we still push to restore his rule." Mammon smiled.

----------------------------

In the past, the world was ruled by a single god, AO the creator of all. He created the original races of the mortal world (Humans, Elf, Dragons), the original race of heaven (Angels) to serve him, and countless other worlds under his world.

Then one day, he disappeared, and only his whispers can be heard once in a millennium. A group of powerful entities claimed the throne for themselves, claiming godhood that they didn't deserve. At that point, the angels split into factions.

The supporters said, "We serve god, the divine being at the top of the world." they bent their knees to the new gods as their new masters.

The rebels said, "We only serve AO, you faker stand away from his throne." And they fought to kill the gods.

That sparked the ancient war of heaven, which the fake gods and the supporters won. The Rebels were cast to hell and named fallen angels, still resisting to this day. Their offspring were called devils.

Lucifer or as he was called by the supporters after he fell, Asmodeus. Was the leader of the rebels. And AO's most devoted follower.Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Michael was the leader of the supporters and Gabriel was their most powerful one who downed Lucifer into hell.

The supporters cared about the stability of the world, without a ruling force, everything would crumble eventually. In their vision, they had no choice but to accept new gods now that AO is no more.

The rebels on the other hand didn't care about the mortal world, they only wanted to protect AO's place for his undoubtedly return. Even at the cost of everyone's lives.

----------------------------

"Dragon wants to kill the gods, Asmodeus want to kill them and restore AO's place." Cain thought.

"Don't listen to this devil, what he said might be right. But if they succeeded, the world will fall into Chaos. You mortals won't survive in it." Ariel yelled.

Mammon smiled, looking up toward Alice, "That man and the girl over there are interesting, I will be taking them with me to Asmodeus."

"Sorry, I can't allow that. You die here." Cain stared at him with a smile.

Mammon snorted, "What Can you do mortal? You can't kill me." He growled tapping his big belly.

The ground shook a bit and Mammon stared around. ~Boss, I'm lifting it so hurry.~ Jorm replied, he had transformed into his Titanic serpent form and Coiled under the city lifting it.

"I don't have to expend energy to lift the city, now you die!" Cain flicked his fingers. Both he and Mammon disappeared.