Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"Where am I?" Mammon asked looking at the infinite white space he was thrust in. A few feet ahead of him stood Cain, his hair almost blending into the background.

"Of course a demi-plane, I can go all out on the city," Cain replied as the layer started rumbling.

"I see, you're not something that should exist. Do you really think you can survive the cosmological order?" Mammon banged his staff on the ground.

"I didn't survive it before, but this time, I won't be killed so easily."

"You too shall halt when meeting Asmodeus. Just like how humanity's hero did."

"Talking about Silver?"

"The slayer was determined to destroy all of hell until he learned of the truth of the ancient war. The gods he fought for abandoned him and he allied with Asmodeus."

​ "My goal is to stop the dragons from destroying all of heaven, this only means that you devils are added to the list."

"I do have a feeling that you don't quite understand, the gravity of the matter. Someone of your caliber should understand, there can only be one god."

"That isn't a reason to throw everything onto chaos. There has to be a safer solution."

"And what that might be?"

"Erase all magic, those gods will peacefully fall to the ground, and there will be no Mana to fuel the chaos until AO's return."

Mammon sighed, "If you said that with a straight face, you're too far gone."

"What do you mean?"

"You don't sound like a sane person. You sound like a parrot which have been taught to speak only one word." Mammon pointed his staff toward Cain, "You will die by my hand, if not, silver is where the road will end for you."

Cain lifted his staff, and the two clashed.

[Dark Star] Ten black dots appeared behind Cain, rumbling the heart of a dragon. [Gold Chain] Mammon smiled waving his staff, and countless golden chains rose from the ground.

ZON! Cain conjured two shadowy blades and teleported directly toward Mammon with the dark stars.

CLANG! Mammon's chains blocked Cain's slashes and deflected the stars easily, "I'm not like Dispater, don't take me lightly."

As Mammon smiled, hundreds of golden dots appeared in the sky. Weapons emerged from them, pointed toward Cain.

"My treasury is my power, I have full access to all the magical items, weapons, and magic in it. A lone mage like you can't stand a chance." The weapons launched toward Cain at an incredible speed. As if having a mind of their own, they stabbed, sliced, and smashed as if wielded by fighters.

CLANG! Cain deflected all the strikes one after the other, "You have a library, I write my own library." [Elemental weapons]

Lightning, Fire, Acid, Light, Shadow, Poison, cold, water, Ice, frozen acid, Rock, Magma, Telekinetic force, and even a haze of mental magic woven into a physical form. Hundreds of weapons emerged from behind Cain.

"I have Mana till the next century, the mental capacity as well. Let's see who ends first, my will or your gold." Cain said with his eyes glowing blue, a dark haze covering his body, [Enchanting: Dark star] He covered his body with the spell. A massive gravitational force that crushes everything.

Mammon smiled, "That's a fancy armor you have there. Would you sell it to me? The price will be, hmmm…your life."

BAM! BAM! BAM! Mammon launched a barrage of swords at Cain in the blink of an eye.

[Fly] Cain flew directly toward him, cutting all the weapons in his path with a combination of [Blade dance] and [Twinfang]

Mammon teleported away and flung his staff, countless golden holes appeared and scrolls flew out. [Fire ball] [Acid Burst] [Flame of devastation] [Elemental burst: Akuma no jimon] [Steel lance]…Tens of spells rushed toward Cain. Some were unrecognizable to even him.

BOOOM! All the spells exploded at Cain's location, "That was quite the bill." Mammon growled, "But I bet your mana-infused body is worth much more."

Swoosh! As Mammon heard that, he stared up. From the smoke, Cain emerged [Polymorph: Eilistraee] His body transformed into a silver-haired dark elf and Mammon immediately recognized the name.

"You heretic! What makes you different than us?" Mammon screamed, swinging his staff with a worried face. He knew that it was over once Cain get into momentum, a perfected blade dance, and if that appearance was true of the goddess and not a bluff. This was bad.

Hundreds of spells and weapons flew toward Cain at once. CLANG! Cain deflected the first polearms reaching him with a swing from his blade. CLANG! CLANG! The shadows consumed his body and he appeared right behind Mammon.

[Blade Dance: Shadows of the moon light]

CLANG! An adamantine armor covered mammon's body out of nowhere, and the impact of Cain's slash sent him flying away. "I never expected that there was someone crazy enough to mix Shadows with the sacred dance of a goddess."

"Blade dance's only goal was to make an unstoppable fighter. A person who can swing his blade for all eternity. What's wrong in spicing it up with some magic from another legend." Cain (Now looking like a dark elf woman) smiled.

"I see, Mauzzkyl Jaezred and Eilistraee arts combined. How could you know the name of the great assassin?" Mammon screamed.

Mauzzkyl Jaezred was a pain to even devils. Hundreds of cults that summoned devils into the world have been eliminated by him. That has caused Mammon to lose a lot of wealth. He was infamous both in the mortal and living world.

Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Some said that Mauzzkyl was blessed by the death goddess, some say he was an avatar of her, and some even he was but a powerful shadow dragon. Nobody really knew, since no one saw him and lived to tell the tale.

BAM! Cain leaped toward Mammon at an incredible speed. Teleporting from left and right with the shadows.

"Damn you! Damn you! Damn you! Damn you! Damn you! Damn you!" Mammon screamed in anger as he teleported away again and again. Flinging spells and weapons at Cain over and over.

"To think I would waste so much money on a mere mage like you!" He growled.

Cain appeared behind his back, CLING! Mammon barely dodged and one of his horns got sliced. CLING! CLING! CLING! Cain didn't stop the second slice took an arm, then a leg, and the other horn.

As Mammon teleported away from the combo, Cain smiled at him. "A mere mage? Aren't you wrong about something, I'm not a mage." Cain tapped the white ground with his blade, Ting.

A ripple flew through the dimension, a chilling magic covered the blade.

"I am an Enchanter, those world is my weapons and spell. Here, you stand in my trap." The entire place turned black, the ground became mud, and Mammon got stuck. Tentacles wrapped around him as the sky got covered with multiple glaring red eyes.

"You bastard! What are you?" Mammon growled staring at Cain. What he saw wasn't the dark elf from earlier, nor the handsome white-haired mage.

Massive, like an islet of impossibilities. The being didn't seem to be of mortal origin. There was no language of such abysm of shrieking and immemorial lunacy, that eldritch contradiction of all matter.

…It all got dark.