Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Can appear back in Jangling Hitter unscathed. He looked around, Selena, his father, and the rest have subdued the chain devils.

"Boss, my back is hurting. Can you help this old man?" Cain heard a loud voice from underneath the city, Jorm was struggling to keep lifting the city.

Cain swung his staff, "Don't worry. I'm working on it." [Golden Chain] hundreds of golden chains emerged from the ground and flew up, hanging the city back from the sky.

"Cain, are you all right." Alice rushed toward him with a worried face.

Burp! "That was like eating a juicy larva. Disgusting…" Cain coughed, almost vomiting and Alice started healing him. He wasn't injured.

"Make some water and drink it, did you eat him?" She tapped his back while inspecting his face.

"Yeah, can't let such power escape. It's also the only way to make sure they won't resurrect." Cain smiled showing his stats to Alice.

------------------------------------------------

<Name: Cain Lisworth><Race: Star spawn of Cthulhu><Level: 61/80<Exp: 81200/5935000>

<HP: 8050/8050><MP: 18784/18784><SP: 7806/7806>

<(Passive Mana regeneration)PMR: 3130/min><(Active Mana regeneration)AMR: 6260/min><(Sleeping Mana regeneration)SMR: 9390/min>

<Strength: 30><Dexterity: 25><Constitution: 35>

<Intelligence: 50><Wisdom: 30><Charisma: 35>

------------------------------------------------

"Star spawn of Cthulhu?" she said with a puzzled face.

"A race of elder beings, the monsters who lived before the age of gods. If something was to beat the dragons, it need to be a bigger monster… hehe, let's see Kayden reach this." Thud! Cain fell unconscious, his body needing rest after such drastic acceleration in his growth.

Cain woke up a day later in Mammon's mansion. Alice and Gracie were sleeping by his side. He could feel that Chain devils were standing guard outside the room's iron door. His father and Ariel were just in the other room. He could also sense Jorm far down under the city.

"Cain, how do you feel?" Alice opened her sleepy eyes, smiling at his face as Gracie woke up as well. "You doing fine?" Gracie poked his side staring at another place.

"Yeah, I just had to shut down for some time. Those last evolutions are a bit exhausting." He said with a smile clenching his fist, he was really strong now.

"Some time? You were out for a whole day." Alice told him while standing fast. "We need to get to the ship as quickly as possible."

"I understand, you go get everything ready. I will farm a bit more before following you." Cain said standing up and tying his clothes up.

Gracie stood up staring at him, "Why do you need to be so strong? You can beat almost anything will face now, I don't dragons are a problem for you."

"Dragons aren't stupid, the human continent is weak so they send the weak troops that can't fight on the elvish front. Whether it was a retired old general or the king's half-assed daughter. Those two aren't as tough or battle-hardened."

Alice stared at him, "How strong can they get?"

Cain looked at them with a flat face, "Have any of the dragons we face worn clothes? Used weapons or cast a lot of spells, I'm sure we never faced a dragon versed in magic besides Zaleria and Morena who were quite young and relatively low level."

"Do you mean…"

"Yep, in the elvish continent dragons wear armor, use massive weapons and learn the craft of magic. On top of that, they fight in pairs. A rider (Dragon morphed into a humanoid form) will mount another dragon in battle making it double the pain. They also know tactics and formation, use the terrain for their advantage and exploit every weakness they find."

"I'm imagining them forming a shield wall and firing arrows," Alice said joking.

"They do, but you will see bolts the size of houses flying around with multiple breathes and spells instead of mere arrows. Even meteor fall can seem like a mere cannonball to their army, how much can I kill five, ten?"

"How can the elves survive such a war…" Gracie pondered.

Cain smiled, "Well, they have four broken people. The one who taught me magic, for example, can fire ten meteors in one second if she is feeling lazy. Motivated, I saw her conjure a massive howling (It sounded like laughter) tornado that lifted the dragons as if they were leaves, mountains as if they were mere houses. Dragons actively avoid her and prefer to fly around the whole continent than cross paths with her. She came here after our fight with Morena, remember?"

Both Alice and Gracie stared at him stunned, they did feel her at that moment.

'Fuck, is that little girl really that's strong…no, now that I'm looking at your memories, she far worse. And she is a half-elf half-halfling? A lot of halves.' Morena looked into Cain's memories, seeing Lilia carving a river into an isolated village using a small mountain as a shovel. 'And you sent her to find the Tarrasque? You want the world to end.'

Cain replied 'I bet she is the only one now who can find or get blood from the beast.'

'You can't?' Morena asked.

'Of course not. She has so much power that she needs to keep a secret from the goddess of the magic, less she tries stealing them.'

Cain then looked toward the two girls, "Time to put on some gains, otherwise, it will be hard for us in the elvish continent. And even in the sea if Umberlee decided to attack us, which is certain to happen. They don't call her bitch queen in vain, she does things just for spite and malice, fueling her sadistic desires of tormenting travelers."

After having a quick meal, Cain left the third layer in Alice's rule and jumped to the fourth layer which was more similar to Dis.

Cain leaped into the portal, creating a new enchantment on his way. Otherwise, he will die in the layer ahead of him. [Enchanting: Fire breathing]

Before he could even reach the layer, the blue haze of the portal started to turn slightly purplish until it eventually turned bright red. He could feel the blazing heat.

[Fire shield] [Investiture of flames]

'Phlegethos, a blazing desolation of fire and lava' Cain thought… 'It's no use dancing around to avoid the flames. If yer trespassin' hereabouts, the fire knows it and cuddles up close to ya bum, till the devils come to get those roasted chunks of flesh.' He remembered what he read in a book written by an old dwarf scholar.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

This layer has no air to breathe just like the elemental plane of fire. The entire atmosphere is burning. The ground had fissures that spewed jets of flames that flowed into rivers of liquid fire. It also contained countless volcanos whose eruptive materials flowed through rivers of lava into an incandescent ocean of magma.

Cain knew the layer is dangerous and got ready. Keeping his magic down from the get-go this time.

Puff, he leaped into the sea of flames. It looked like jumping into a blazing fire pit. Sinners here suffocate while getting grilled alive, again and again.

Yet surprisingly, the fire avoided Cain. Keeping him in a clean cocoon. He looked around as he landed on the ground, surprised at the event. "What is happening?" He mumbled and a woman's face manifested in the flames.

"I reached you in time, I was scared for a moment."

"Who are you?" Cain asked.

"Inanna, you can call me the will of the layer. Brother Dis told me about you. You went crazy on him. Please be a bit gentle here." She said with a worried face.