Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

As the door opened, the guards inside roared in rage seeing a pit fiend rush in terrified. "Insolent bastard, this court of utmost…"

"Urgent! A judge of Asmodeus has come!" As he cried.

TIP! TAP! TIP! TAP! Hearing the footsteps, everyone went silent. The pit fiend stared behind him in terror. An old man with white hair and a long beard, full black eyes, and two long curved horns on his head. Walked in slowly, leaning on his steel staff.

Fierna looked at Cain with scorn, twisting her lips as her long tail whipped across her stand "This old man is a judge of Asmodeus? Guards, drag him out!" she growled with a snore.

Her father almost panicked for a moment, "Don't touch him, let's listen to what he says first." He yelled.

The court guards were divided into two groups, one stood their ground following Belial's orders. While the other half charged toward Cain on Fierna's orders.

Cain just glanced at them [Telekinesis] SPLAT! SPLAT! SPLAT! Three of them got flattened on the ground immediately without him even moving a muscle, "Hmmm…mere idiots, no wonder the situation here got so grave." He glared toward the pissed Fierna.

"What do you want?" She growled.

"I want nothing, Asmodeus want nothing, he orders. Your stupid rise to power here ends, this layer is to be ruled by your father, and you helping him. The meaningless debate ends here." Cain growled.

"But…" The moment she showed signs of refusing, Cain released the full weight of his aura. The entire court cracked, the ground around him shattered and some devils vomited from the disgustingly dense aura. He ate both Dispater and Mammon, adding himself, Morena, and Grey. It was almost impossible to stand calm in front of him.L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Is…is this supposed to intimidate me…I request a meeting with Asmodeus himself…" Fierna growled and Cain immediately disappeared, appearing behind her back.

GH! She gasped turning around in surprise.

Tap! Cain grabbed one of her left horns, CRACK! Breaking it.

Fierna rolled on the ground growling in pain, grabbing her bleeding head. The entire court stood up whispering, Belial teleported to his daughter inspecting her with a worried face. He looked up at Cain with a fearful face, "Isn't this a bit excessive."

"She could have obeyed from the start. It's better to teach her a lesson now. If Asmodeus came in person, she would have more than regret to worry about." Cain growled.

"You bastard!" Fierna lashed out in rage, pushing her father away and swinging her claw at Cain with incredible force.

Cain grabbed her hand, diverging her attack, and then grabbed one of her wings. Swinging his staff down, he tore the wing apart. GRWAAAAAAAAAAAAA! She rolled on the grown wailing, crying, and cursing.

Cain stared at her coldly. His black eyes resembled the infinite abyss. "Why do you want to kick your father out?" He asked with a stare.

BAM! She leaped away, rushing toward the door. Attempting to run away presumably.

Ting! Cain tapped his staff on the ground, asking Inanna to clear her flames for a moment. All the fire covering the place disappeared in a moment.

The devils stared in shock, Belial couldn't believe his eyes. Some devils started laughing in madness, "The hellfire stopped…hehe!"

Even Fierna stopped glaring around, it was a strange feeling to have the flames gone for a moment.

[Cold burst] Cain immediately sent a wave of cold magic, flash-freezing Fierna, something that was thought to be impossible in this layer.

"Fierna!" Belial screamed.

"Don't worry, she can resurrect even after death. This is hell after all." Cain clenched his fist, breaking the ice with [Telekinesis]

[Exp: +500000]

Just after dying, she resurrected far away in the sea of flames.

Fierna looked up, it has been a long while since she last died. "The fucker, stepping over my…" At that moment, the flames of hell grabbed her body. She looked around in surprise, "The hell…"

PULL! A strong force dragged her suddenly, accelerating her toward the court. "Hold up…" she cried and then found herself before Cain again.

"Thank, Phlegethos. Such an obedient layer, Asmodeus will be pleased." Cain said with a smile, implying that the layer itself was helping as well. This further validated that he ordered by Asmodeus, an upper force. But in reality, it was just Inanna doing it.

"You again…" she cried.

"You and your father are the rulers…" Cain stared at her in the eyes.

"But…" FLASH! He immediately froze her, CRACK! And then shattered the ice.

"Sir judge…can you please give her time to speak?" Belial approached him fearfully.

"I don't have time to listen to her, this is the fastest way. Phlegethos is a layer of judgment, having only one ruler will cause the decision to be biased." Cain explained.

Then a really smart devil in the back had the funny idea of opening his foul mouth. "But Asmodeus is ruling hell alone…"

Hearing those words, Belial was ready to blast the devil to smithereens when Cain stopped him. "Asmodeus has us, advisors, to whom he listens. When he makes a decision, we suggest to him other ways, and he analyses them and then makes a final say. Even today's even, he first decided to kill both Belial and Fierna and assign two new rulers. I suggest that the two still had a chance, and this is why I am here."

"So you mean…"

"If she became the ruler, I will just permanently lock you two in torment and then assign two new rulers. There is no father where she rules alone."

Fierna got pulled Again.

"I need to rule…" Cain killed her again, and again, and again…He kept doing it for more than an hour until she finally gave up.

"I'm sorry, sorry…I won't do it again. I and father will rule together, I won't do it again…" she cried and Cain smiled. Patting head, "Good girl, don't do such a stupid thing again." He stood to leave, his job was done, and he even got a decent amount of Exp. To be honest, that was the only reason he killed her over and over as he could have convinced her with magic.

"Sir Judge. We will prepare a luxurious room for you to stay in. Care to stay a bit." Belial looked t Cain with a smile.

"Sorry, but I have a business to attend to. Another day if the chance came." Cain smiled, immediately teleporting away.

He immediately appeared in Phlegethos's wilderness to meet Inanna without anyone interrupting them. "Is this enough?" He asked the ancient flames.

Inanna appeared again smiling, "It was faster than I expected. Your raw power is impressive."

"I didn't do much fighting." He replied.

"But your aura showed them, you're not someone they want to fight. Especially since the power is divided between them, individually they are just half as strong as the other lords." Inanna showed Cain a small chart of how the power of the lords is divided.

A pit fiend 5

The dragon's queen Tiamat is unknown as she isn't a devil but is assumed to be around 3000 at her peak. (Explain why the mages wanted her help to save Asmodeus)

The Iron lord Dispater 50

The Greed lord Mammon 75

The Devil Judges Belial and Fierna 200 (100 for Belial and 100 for Fierna)

Levistus the frozen lord 600

Asmodeus's daughter Glasya, the whore queen and the goddess of the cubus 1200

Baalzebul, lord of the flies. 1600

Mephistopheles, the lord of hell fire and no mercy…well should have been around 2500 but Silver the Ice hero messed him up and froze his whole layer. Now Cania is ruled by him, and his power level is unknown.

Lastly Asmodeus, with an unknown amount of power. But he seems to have been imprisoned by a blond Archdevil of contradiction. "Probably a daughter of his, that is the only way I see him taken down," Inanna said scratching her fiery hair.