Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Now that they had some time on their hands, Cain decided to spend it working on his mansion.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

He walked inside, and the girls followed him and headed toward their rooms guided by the ghosts. Cain on the other hand walked toward the basement alone.

As he reached the old steel door, he lifted his staff and released just a bit of flame from Inanna to use to engrave a magic rune on the door. After writing it, he tapped his staff at the middle of the rune, [Enchanting: Gate] he linked the door to hell, specifically to Sofia's fortress.

After making sure the door was working, he went up and linked another door to the maze and the mansion at Furberg. Linking everything to a hub meant that he can stay even if he isn't staying. CRACK! Cain opened the door and looked inside, the door had opened inside Elsie's room, she was there naked changing her clothes, and stuck his head out.

"Nice." He said.

She stared at him, angry for a moment but then sighed. "If this is a common door then please change it to the hallway or to the backyard. You're on a ship full of sailors, I don't want them walking on us."

Cain smiled "So it's okay if it's me?"

"It's not like I have a reason for hating it. I thought you opened a common door but seeing it was only you calmed me down." She replied looking at him with a faint smile.

"Don't worry, sailor and Jack can't activate the door, see through it, or even perceive it. Even if one of them was standing by my side, the door will look empty to them like no magic was working." Cain replied.

"I see, so want to have some of us for a night, or is it something else?" She asked.

"That's a thing but I'm worried about food, could I trouble you by making something every now and then? The important thing is fresh fruit and vegetable, those are going to be good for our health on the trip." He said with a smile.

"Said the crew of monsters, I bet all of you can survive on just stone right?" She approached him.

"We can, Marina can't, and neither the sailors," Cain replied.

"The sailors, they do this for a living."

"Doesn't mean they can't get sick. I can't have the trip slow down."

"Can't you just fly there in hours and then open a gate?"

"And risk the dark elf shooting me down or perceiving me as a threat? Also, I do want to meet Umberlee."

"Don't get yourself killed…what am I saying, don't kill her, a goddess of the sea must be important," Elsie replied as she continued wearing her maid outfit.

"I can't kill her, gods always attack with an avatar. She can easily make another one, albeit it can take years or decades." As Cain said that, he thought about it. He should help Sofia make an avatar for herself as well, a duplicate body she can use to fight or rest in Avernus to rule.

"Anything else?"

"No, I will just move this door to the empty room in the corner of the hallway. If you had the time clean it a bit and make sure everyone knows it's there." Cain told her and closed the door to start working.

…

A calm week passed by, and the trip seemed to be going fine until the crow yelled from atop the mast. "A storm is upon us, I see black clouds."

Cain immediately took to the sky, he was right the storm was about two hours away. "What should we do?"

Charlotte waved to Cain and he used [Telekinesis] to lift her up so she can have a look.

"That looks bad, the storm is covering the red line. We must sail there." She said with a worried face.

"Can't we just wait for it to go away?"

"Storms at the red line stay for months or years, this one isn't going anytime soon. I would say we came at a bad time, we have to risk it through." Charlotte suggested staring at Cain.

"Okay, I will protect the ship with a barrier, Sail right through. If this went south, I have a trump card." Cain flew back down, put Charlotte on the ground, and rushed into the mansion. After a few minutes, he came out wearing a full black coat.

"What is that?" Alice who was sitting on the deck asked.

"A raincoat, I will head first to the storm and carve a path for us. If it seemed a bit wild I will just blow the clouds away." He replied.

"You can blow the clouds away? Just do that from the start." Charlotte heard him speak so asked him.

"Can't do that, those clouds usually end up on land watering farmland. Clearing them off here might cause a famine in a distant land, just like how the nastiest spell is snowfall." Cain replied.

"Snowfall? There is a spell like that?" Sofia asked approaching them.

"Meteor fall, a combination of earth and fire. Snowfall is a combination of Cold and water, Storm fall is a combination of lightning and wind, and so on. People can't really take cold that well, snowing before winter can cause hundreds if not thousands of commoners to just starve or freeze to death." Cain explained.

He then slowly levitated with a gust of air around him, "Am off to work."

"Hold up, I can give you a ride!" Zaleria approached them.

Cain thought about it for a moment, "It will be easier to cast magic while not worrying about being blown by the storm. But… "Won't Nemmoxon be better for the job? There's lightning there."

Zaleria scratched her head, she wanted to give him a ride but he is making a good point. Unlike her, Nemmoxon is an adult bronze dragon that specializes in lightning and seeing storms, her domain, and would be better in it. "Nemmoxon, heard that?"

Nemmoxon leaped out of the water and landed on the deck in her humanoid form, "Yes, I can take you there." The two of them flew to the air where she transformed and Cain mounted the back of her neck. She can't transform on the ship as she will drown it.

BAM! VAM! BAM! VAM! Nemmoxon blasted her wings, flying at top speed toward the storm. The air quickly got freezing cold and Cain could feel the air getting charged. This storm was up for weeks and can stay for probably months.

"I'm not an expert but I say we need to make a dome to protect the ship. The violent winds are our biggest problem." Nemmoxon suggested.

"And the high wave?"

"I will break those, all I need to do is swim in front of the ship." Nemmoxon was a large dragon, not as large as Zaleria, and certainly nowhere as titanic as Sofia but her weight and size are enough to beat the waves.

"Ok, Let's go with that plan," Cain replied.

"You said you have a trump card, can you tell me about it?"

"Well, I can levitate the ship and fly it away. I can also blast the storm with magic or control it…if everything failed, I can just use a secret weapon." Cain tapped his staff, "With this one, we might see the sea floor."

In the distance, he could see the red line, a series of stone formations akin to spikes growing from the sea.