Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

The sea rumbled, and the waves grew bigger and bigger. Umberlee's body flashed. [Divine Interference] At that moment, Sofia and Zaleria were forced back to their humanoid form falling into the water.

"What?" Both of them growled. Even their breaths stopped. The water felt heavy, and sticky and quickly drowned them.

"As expected, you aren't affected." Chad flew toward Umberlee with his fist lifted. BAM! Her body exploded and Chad's fist missed. SPLASH! From behind them, Umberlee rose again with a smile. "This is my domain, I'm the sea. And you shall not trample in my house."

[+EXP]…

Bump! Bump! Umberlee suddenly heard it, the beating of the eldritch hearts…She rapidly turned toward Cain, "Prepare to die, Primordial!"

Cain has disappeared, and only a haze of magic remained in his place, a terrifying sense of insignificance washed over the sailors. It was strange, this is a fight involving a god, and they could die at any moment. But they had stopped caring.

Smiling and laughing, they rejoiced, and a single woman walked ahead of them praying. "He is coming, you are coming. Please don't take those who serve you as well…" Said Marina as she was the first one to sense Cain's presence, she is the priestess to him and could tell.

Hati stared at her praying, unable to fathom what she was doing. Instead of just watching, she leaped from the ship, and with Skoll's help, she created a small piece of land with magic. "Sister, let's do it."

"(I gave you some armor filled with air pockets, at the right speed you can do it)" Hati immediately pulled the Eternal blade, grabbed it with her mouth, and transformed it into her Fenrir form. AWOOOOOOOOOOO! She blasted away, running as fast as she could toward Umberlee.

Thanks to skoll's special armor, she could barely run on water. Skoll handled charging magic and shooting it from the nine tails while Hati swung the blade with her mouth. The Fenrir leaped at Umberlee with unparalleled speed.

Umberlee lifted her hand, A powerful jet of water rushed toward Hati.

Hati leaped to the left, taking a sharp turn and then rushing ahead dodging every jet. Before she could swing at Umberlee, the goddess caused the sea beneath her to explode, blasting Hati away. But that didn't stop Skoll from getting a few hits in.

In the meantime, Nemmoxon was busy dragging the ship away to save the sailors, Alice couldn't transform into her devil form so she just sat there ready to heal anyone who get injured. Selena as well could do nothing but watch.

Ariel can't directly fight a god, Angels will fall if they did that and she sure didn't want to fall. Farryn leaped into the water and started diving after Zaleria and Sofia to pull them out. Umberlee was forcefully drowning them and only she can have enough strength to at least pull one out.

Chad fell toward the water, twisting his torso, BAM! He kicked the water as hard as he could, propelling his body faster than a fly spell could achieve.

"You restless!" Umberlee laughed. Disappearing again to dodge him. It was clear as day that she didn't want him laying a finger on her, no matter what.

BAM! BAM! Chad kept leaping at her over and over, each time she dodged and threw a spear toward him.

"You can…" This time, as she spoke, something sliced her head off. "What?" There was no one around her, and she barely dodged Chad.

"What was that?" She turned around and then, SLICE! Her head got sliced again, and again.

"STOP IT!" she roared smacking both her arms on the water causing a massive wave, [Divine sense] across the resonating waves, she saw her. A shadow-covered maid accompanied by a shadow devil rushed at her from the shadow realm.

"Assassins? You think I can't see you?" Umberlee twisted her finger, smiling. BAM! A gust of water burst from the shadows of the deep, forcefully dragging Gracie and Blagden out, drowning them slowly.

CLICK! CLICK! Cain was still in the middle of his last transformation, the Exp he is getting from Inanna in hell and that he got from killing the Kraken has pushed him to the limit. [Level: 79/80] He still needs time, and the only one who could buy him time is… The one broken friend he has.L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

DING! DING! DING! From the Far East, Cain called him, and he responded immediately.

TAP! Kayden stood on the surface of the water, silently looking toward Umberlee. His blade sheathed, and he tilted his head. "Is that a mermaid?"

"A demon? Where did you come from, accursed child?" Umberlee growled surprised at Kayden's appearance.

"I was called so…you have to die right?" he then nodded on his own, Cain had told him something, "I never sliced a god before, at least he remembered inviting me in." Kayden smiled putting his hand on his hilt.

"What are you…" Before Umberlee could finish her words. [Demon Blade: Extended blade] [Blade flow: Hundred strike dance] [Triple slash] [Eight demon dances: Muso Jikiden Eishin-ryu]

GAZON! Kayden blitzed through the goddess shredding her body before she could even get time to escape, as she looked behind, he has just sheathed his sword, exhaling with his six glowing eyes fixed on her.

"You demon!" Her body was easily reconstructed, she was made of water and physical strikes weren't of any real damage to her. She immediately swung a titanic harpoon at Kayden.

"I see, I can't kill you with one strike…" Kayden sighed, grabbing his sword again. A small sword got conjured on his second hand [Demon Blade: Extended blade] [Eight demon dances: Hyoho Niten Ichi-ryu]

CLANG! BAM! One sword deflected the harpoon and the other sliced it in half. BAM! Kayden leaped toward her leaving a massive explosion of water behind him. Umberlee swung her fist at him.

With one sword up and the other down, Kayden swung his body across the goddess's arm, ripping it apart before taking a swing at her neck! She instantly regenerated and encased him in a prison of water but that didn't last, Kayden slicked his way through and swung his blades down. What remained of the goddess's body got torn into three pieces.

"Ashura! This is your follower, right? Take him away, do you want to start a war with the storm?" Umberlee growled. She could feel it from Kayden's sword, Ashura the god of demons and destruction was powering him. This was a grave matter…

"KAYDEN!" A voice boomed, it was Ashura.

Umberlee smiled, a god has spoken, and she won.

"RIP HER APART! THE FINER THE BETTER!" Ashura said and then disappeared…

Umberlee stood baffled, "Then it's war!"

The water beneath Kayden's feet exploded consuming him to the depth of the sea. "Umberlee lifted her hands, increasing the power of the storm, and then conjured multiple spears of condensed water.

It was hard to keep Tiamat tied and now she has to keep Kayden as well, there are too many monsters here than she expected. Chad as well was a problem.

Sofia and Zaleria were boiling underwater, if Umberlee's bind on them weakened from even a moment they will explode to the surface. Kayden is restless slicing the water under the sea…and it was working…Hundreds of fast slashes eventually caused the water to boil and evaporate.

And at that moment, Cain's transformation finally finished…