Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"Mary, can't you do anything?" Alice rushed toward Mary who was standing on the ship watching.

"Umberlee isn't something we should have faced. I should have already restarted, but let's see what he can do." She looked behind.

The sky had become hazy, multiple glowing dots appeared from the mist. The green, tentacle-infused abomination.

The monster was a green titanic humanoid with massive draconic wings, demon claws, and a tentacle-filled face with multiple eyes. It grabbed the stone pillars, roaring with lightning.

RAZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZON! Sounding like a horrific mix between an elephant, a cow, and a wolf's howl.

As the waves raged, Jack hurried to turn the wheel, "Lady, get as away from those two as you can!" He yelled looking at Nemmoxon who was dragging the ship away.

"That's Cain, shouldn't we run to him?" She replied twisting her head and looking at him.

"He's going to fight a god, we shouldn't stand in his way," Jack replied twisting the wheel as fast as he could. He looked up at Cain.

Cain lifted his right hand, his eyes merged into two normal eyes in a moment. The water started vibrating, and BAM! Zaleria, Sofia, and Kayden got pulled from the depth. He immediately flung them toward the ship and started making his way toward Umberlee.

Everyone started retreating, watching him charging.

"Cthulhu, to think your kind still roamed the sea. Today I will bring you to extinction." Umberlee roared, conjuring a massive spear and pointing toward Cain.

Cain stared at her, "Want to not see something?"

"What?"

[Thunder Step] ZACLACK! The titanic body accelerated instantly. Leaving a gaping hole in the sea where he stood, and generating a massive explosion. Cain immediately reached Umberlee at a speed unbefitting for his size and swung a fist.

The moment his punch touched the sea queen, her body exploded from the sheer impact. "Am a massive monster, but I can use magic? Want to see me carry a weapon?" Unlike other monsters, he didn't completely rely on his innate power and size.

"Such a massive body, you will be torn apart moving like that!" Umberlee growled as she regenerated.

"I have my ancient ways, from today. I will make armor, artifacts, and weapons, and enchant them." Cain spread his wings, flapping them rapidly, and his body took to the sky.

Umberlee lifted her hand, firing multiple water spears at him. Cain dodged from left to right like a massive bee, but soon one of the spears pierced his left wing.

"Got you!" Umberlee screamed, firing double the amount of spears at him.

ZAP! Cain dodged, still flying without flapping his wings.

"What?" Umberlee gasped.

"Flight magic, the spell fly. Did you forget that thing exists?" Cain pointed his hand at her [Lightning Strike] [Enchanting: Electric discharge] CRACK! Lightning fell from the sky with a white flash, blinding the watchers and scorching the life in the sea beneath.

Umberlee cried as the lightning hit her, her body barely managed to form again.

"The current underwater, small living being. Those are the center of your avatar, killing them is simple." Cain growled sending another lightning strike.

Umberlee was using hundreds and thousands of small fishes and small sea life as a medium to channel her power. Their swimming paths are the currents of magic that Cain sensed before, to be exact it was Jack who noticed first.

From those creatures, she will cast magic to raise a water-made body to the surface and fight with it. As she has both an infinite amount of water and magic, she as a god can rule the sea with an iron fist.

This was the same reason she could restrain Sofia, Zaleria, and Kayden beneath the water. The closer to those creatures it got, the stronger her spells were.

The goddess takes a simple risk. She is fighting on the surface so she decided how close those creatures are going to be to the surface, the closer the stronger she got but the easier it is to detect and kill them.

Facing Cain, she can't pull punches but at the same time, she will risk her avatar's death. But unlike her, Cain wasn't bound by an avatar, this is his real body and contained all of his power.

Cain released his magic, falling directly on the goddess with a kick. A massive wave exploded as a lightning strike fell on the center again and again.

Cain swung a lightning fist from the right and Umberlee blocked and countered with a punch of her.

𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Charlotte cried, "Is he really brawling with the goddess?"

"That's sir Cain, told to hold your horses and say yes, 'cause he is a terrifying monster." Jack smiled steering the ship away.

"He might be the best pirate I've ever seen." Charlotte gasped imagining Cain sailing a massive ship as the overlord who beat the queen.

"Shut up, I'm the best pirate those seas will see," Jack replied with a massive grin and Charlotte sighed.

Sofia coughed all the salted water she drank, "The bitch…I'm going to kill her." She growled, her eyes flashing with multiple lights. Chad, Kayden, and Zaleria seemed to have similar opinions. But swimming there will just get them trapped again, flying isn't an option as well as she could possibly snap them away.

"Say lady… should I take you there?" Jack suggested. The ship is protected by Cain's magic and Umberlee can't seem to damage it.

"Can you?" Kayden glared at him and Jack smiled. "Of course, I can, multi-eye scary swordsman."

"Call me Kayden. Puppy."

"Puppy?"

"Do it if you can," Sofia replied and Jack smiled, grabbed the wheel tightly, and screamed. "MEN! Tighten the ropes, hasten the sails, and chant."

The wind blew and the waves raged

The ship groaned and the cannons fired

Blood in the water and screams in the wind

We face a Kraken and our life depend

He hay! Our sword and blood

He hay! Ha hoooo!

Nemmoxon dragged the ship as fast as she could, through the violent waves. Jack twisted the wheel left and right, raiding the waves as if they were a steed. "Come on baby, let's glide." He tapped the ship as they descended a massive wave.

Nemmoxon felt the ship hit her tail, they already got enough speed. She has to let go or she will get run over. She released her grip and flew away, leaving Jack to slide his way with the ship into a fight of galactic gods of absolute madness.

Water blasting everywhere, waves as high as mountains, with lightning storms and violent winds. Cain leaps in to hit the goddess and she leaps in and counters. He grabbed her by the head, flew up and smacked her back down, and punched him in the face.

"The ship is going to break!" Sofia cried.

"Don't worry. Cain's magic still seems to hold well." Jack could tell at a glance, the ship was really fine. The magic Cain cast was over the top. He was really serious about protecting the girls that he cast the spell multiple times and gave it full access to regenerate.

"Here is the last turn, get ready you all!" Jack screamed as the ship rose with a massive wave, everyone had to hold for their dear life as falling meant death.

After the steep climb, the ship stared down at the two being fighting. "Go!" Jack yelled

Chad leaped in, followed by Sofia and Kayden. Mary conjured a steel cannon and started shooting rapidly. Farryn looked down and then leaped as well.

Zaleria flew up to the sky and then dove down head first at the goddess.

[Lightning Breath] Sofia opened her mouth and a massive blast emerged.

Umberlee looked up surprised at the sudden flash. CRACKLE! Lightning stroked her. From it, Kayden and Chad emerged. Chad swung a fist and Kayden unleased his strike. CLING! BAM!

Kayden severed her body and Chad blasted it away. Umberlee felt her Divine energy weaken after Chad's strike, it was getting harder and harder for her to control this avatar.

As she was regenerating cannon balls smacked her contentiously and she raised a wall to block them. Instantly, Zaleria dived directly into her with a blast.

Cain lifted his hands trying to force the currents to the surface.

"Drown!" She first aimed at Chad but he got rescued by Ariel. Umberlee immediately aimed for Sofia.

A powerful wave engulfed Sofia trying to drag her to the depth…but…something was off. She felt tight, unmoving from her spot.

"Drown!" Umberlee screamed, and then noticed something…her water was disappearing.

Sofia was drinking it all up. She was a titanic dragon and did have a massive stomach. Her initial plan was to drink enough to buy time but quickly realized it, she is the chromatic dragon goddess. From her innate existence, she can tap into all the chromatic dragons, those who exist, and those who existed before.

Cyan dragons [Water Breath] her jaw opened sending a blast of water at the goddess. Umberlee blocked it with "Tch!" she seem to have known about this, there a dragon color for every element, and the dragon goddess is there.

"Haven't seen those in centuries, though I cut them all down." She growled.

Sofia blasted the water around her and clenched her fists. Lightning and fire rumbled beneath her feet. Water started boiling beneath her as she took a stance.

VROOOM! Blasting toward the goddess in a blast, [Burning feet] [Lightning Claw] She blasted the goddess's head. VROOM! Turning immediately [Poison Breath] she made sure the water got contaminated to kill all the living beings underneath. [Burning feet]

VROOOM! [Fire Strom] She blasted her again.

Kayden attacked her with Chad, and everyone blasted her with everything they got, slowly forcing her to use more and more power, getting her core up to the surface.

After a few minutes, a dark shadow appeared beneath the surface, a swarm of fish. Jack smiled from his ship, "You're mine." He saw it.