After a few hours of sailing, They finally spotted the Island of pirate heaven.

The place consisted of four small mountains, two stuck together and two separated. The main city and harbor were built on the two stuck mountains while the main keep was built on its separate mountain. The last mountain got left as a wilderness for herbs and other plants and animals.

Jack's ship slowly approached the harbor, they could see pirates lining up to see who came. The ship slowly docked and dropped the anchor.

CREEK! BAM! The sailors pushed the long wooden ramp down creating an easy exit. They all started packing things from the deck to hide them inside the quarterdeck.

Jack approached the ramp with Cain, stared down, and took a deep breath watching the ugly faces glaring at him. "A beautiful place isn't it?"

Cain looked down, "Smells like troubles, there is a hag here after all." He scanned the people but couldn't sense a thing between them, they were all regular pirates.

"Move!" Charlotte walked from behind and Smacked Jack's back. "We have a job to get done."

"The red hair?" The pirates on the deck gasped seeing her, "This isn't their ship, right?"

"It's only one, don't think too much about it." They started gossiping like hags in a meeting, mumbling without a sign of stopping.

Cain walked down ignoring everything and looked around, Jack and Charlotte behind him.

Just after walking a bit, the pirates cut their way.

"Hold up, need to introduce yourself first. This ship belongs to old black beard, I do recognize the faces of some sailors as well." The pirate growled. Reeking of alcohol as he stumbled around. The man then glared at Charlotte, "You even have a red hair chick, what happened to a black beard?"

CRACK! CRACK! CLICK! A dozen pirates stood and pointed their weapons at Jack, each of them was ready for blood.

Cain smiled, Grabbing the sword of the drunk pirate and pushing it down, a faint blue glow in his eyes. [Dominate person] [Suggestion] [Dragon's modify memory]

"You were a friend of his right? He must have told you, about his disease." Cain said glaring at the man.

"What, don't tell me it got to him?"

Cain shook his head, "Sadly, we lost him a few weeks ago. He assigned Jack as the new captain and asked a red hair to guide him here, we're going on our business so scram."

The man nodded, "Yeah, sorry for your loss…" He backed away and so did his men.

Cain walked with Jack and Charlotte in tow, the two just stared at him confused. After moving a fair distance away they asked, "What did you do to him?"

"Mind control, I don't want to waste time here." He replied with a serious face.

The two looked at each other, Cain was far more terrifying than they imagined. Jack looked behind at the ship, his men were going down to drink and sing while no one else came out. "Are they going to be fine staying at the ship?"

"The place is a bit dangerous, they can go down but it's better for them to stay at the ship," Cain replied. He wasn't worried about the pirates but about the hag who attacked him. With the distance of her attack, she must be quite powerful.

Charlotte nodded, she has been told by Alice about what happened. If someone could do that to the absolute monster Cain then they definitely should be wary.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"First we go to the bar, the manager keeps changing location so we must as the bartender to guide us," Charlotte said with a smile, swinging her blade in hand and then tucking it at her waist. "This is going to be fun."

Jack stared at her with a puzzled face, "You like dealing with hairy, and Stenchy drunken pirates? Well, that…" Before he could finish she swung her sword at him, which he blocked with a smile.

"Enough you two, let's head in," Cain said walking ahead. BAM! Zaleria, Kayden, And Chad appeared out of nowhere. "Yeah, we should get going."

"Want to join?" Cain asked.

"I want to check the place." Chad replied with a smile, "It looks unique."

"A lot of wild puppies, I bet troubles are going to arise." Replied Kayden.

"Need to find the hag, I want to stop her to death, or burn the whole place," Zaleria growled, barely quelling the flames wanting to sprout from her nose.

All six of them went to the bar, surrounded by pirates keeping an eye on them.

The massive wooden bar bustled with life, laughter, and chants. The stench of drinks and the sweet smell of roasted meat, and fish all mixed with the salty smell of the sea. A giggle here and curse there, those bunch of pirates grumbled at their empty time.

When Cain and his friends walked in, silence fell for a moment. Eyes focused on Charlotte who had red hair, Chad whose muscles are visible out of his shirt, and Cain who has his white hair stands out. Jack, Kayden, and Zaleria seemed like normal people to them.

Charlotte approached the counter and knocked on it, "We need six bone crows, good ones." The bartender paused for a moment and glared at them, scanning everyone with his eyes as if looking for something.

"One at a time, can't make more." He replied and Charlotte immediately punched the table, "Six, or we drag you to it."

"Not my problem, it won't even show up if I brought more than one." The bartender replied calmly as he wiped the wooden mug in his hand.

Thud! Thud! A pirate from the back rushed and Grabbed Zaleria, "This is enough, one move, and I will cut her throat!" He growled laughing.

Cain turned toward Zaleria, "Don't kill him, yet."

She sighed, gently grabbing the man's arm CRACK! With just tightening her grip, she dusted his wrist.

The man growled in agony, rolling on the ground until he hit the corner of the bar, and vomited all of what he had drunk. The other pirate stared in silence, they weren't stupid. This woman crushed a man's wrist by just grabbing it. They knew she was dangerous.

Cain turned toward the bartender, pushed Charlotte gently to the side, and faced him. "Listen, get whom she wants, now."

"She wants the king of the island, the bone crow. He won't show up to any meeting if he has to face more than one person." The bartender replied calmly.

"Where does he live?"

"I don't know, I can call him but I don't know anything else."

"Well then, I will just slowly stomp the place till he shows up."

"Someone tried it before you, killing over 200 pirates and almost destroying the place. The bone crow never showed up." The bartender replied with a sad smile and Cain sighed, "He isn't lying, we got to play by the rules."

The bartender stared at them, "Who's the new one?"

Jack approached him with a smug smile, "Yours truly here, Jack parrot is the name."

"I see…you have to face him alone. I will arrange the meeting as soon as possible and inform you of the time when decided. Please enjoy your stay till that time, and please don't cause any trouble." The bartender smiled, grabbing a bottle one wine and pushing it to them.