Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Charlotte approached Cain "Should we return to the ship?"

Cain pulled one of the chairs and sat on it. "I don't know, you and jack probably have to return and rest. I will explore the place searching for that woman."

"I see, see you later then," Charlotte replied as she dragged Jack away from his arm. Cain, Chad, Zaleria, and Kayden got left there to find the hag.

"How should we go about it?" Chad asked.

"A hag usually picks a remote place to settle in, we have a bigger chance searching the green island we saw." Cain referred to one of the pirate heavens parts.

Zaleria growled, her eyes glowing and the air around her heating up. "It will be faster to transform and search."

Cain stared at her. "You will give her a chance to run away,"

The four separated in their search.

…

Kayden walked across the city observing the pirates, "What am I looking for exactly?" The place looked peaceful with birds chirping and the pirates laughing.

They said an old hag, but he could only see dogs walking about.

"Kill him!"

"Honor among thieves!" Kayden stumbled upon a grim scene, an execution of a pirate. He only saw a bunch of dogs getting ready to hang one of their own.

People gathered around the large stand, and the convict walked up slowly, his head covered in a leather bag with armed pirates pushing him ahead. "Move it!" They screamed.

One of the two pirates approached the stand and pulled a large scroll, "Stealing, killing, and an attempt to usurp the captain's rule. The combination of those crimes has sentenced him to death by hanging, any objectors?"

"Kill him already! Stab him and be done with it!" The people started shouting.

As Kayden watched, he felt something grab his hand. As he turned, a small puppy was pulling on his hand. A young woman grabbed his hand and said with a troubled smile.

"I do need help, can you please help me?"

Kayden looked back at the execution and then at the woman. He prefers to help a puppy than watch a dog get executed for murder. "Fine…"

He followed her, and she eventually guided him away from the city into a desolate location.

"Look there." She pointed toward a hilltop overviewing a cliff with an olive tree growing on it. "My little brother fell from the cliff, can you pull him out?"

Kayden approached the cliff and stared down, "Sister, is that you?" A kid called from the dark depths. When Kayden stared closely, he could see the shadow of a small human kid sitting between the rocks.

He turned toward the woman and said, "I can't see your brother, I only see a human child." He turned around to leave but she stopped him. "That's worth saving as well, isn't it? My brother is there." She seemed a bit confused at his attitude, unable to guess what his problem was.

Kayden turned back and walked toward the cliff, stared down, and then sighed, "I will get him out, just wait." He leaped into the cliff without a moment of hesitation. The woman smiled.

CRIIIK! Kayden slid on the vertical walls and quickly descended to the bottom. Thud! He landed on the stone floor, the place had a foul scent to it, a musky old rotten one at that.

Kayden approached the child, "Stand, am getting you out of here. Did you see a small puppy?"

The kid wiped his tears, slowly standing up, "Puppy? It went down there…" He pointed to the dark depth of the cavern behind him.

Kayden slowly approached it to take a look, it was too dark for even him to see through it. CRACK! The ground beneath his feet instantly shattered and he fell down.

Looking up, a large umbilical cord connected the child's left foot.

The child's body slowly levitated, drawn to the darkness, and a large bloody mass absorbed him. "You here…" the child said, "Fell to us…today we eat you…"

The bloody mass took the shape of a large humanoid man wielding a one-sided battleaxe. His weathered skill and clear arm muscles made it apparent, he is a flesh golem.

Kayden pulled his sword as the golem leaped into the hole with him. BAM! He landed crushing the ground.

"You smell bad," Kayden said with a passive face.

"The ladies want you, want everyone…we only need your corpse." The golden swung his axe at Kayden.

Kayden pulled his sword, Clang! He easily deflected the golem's axe and countered with a quick swing. Thud! The golem leaped away with a wound on his chest. BOOOLMP! The wound immediately closed with bubbling blood.

"Fast and skillful swordsman." The golem growled as it stared at Kayden with a passive stare.

"A talkative monster, I rarely see things like you so I won't kill you immediately." Kayden zapped toward him in instant and the golden barely blocked it.

"By ladies, do you mean the hags, the witches?" Kayden twisted his sword with a second swing.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

The golem dodged at the last moment, only having his shoulder wounded. "Oh yes, the fives hags of pirate heaven. Ladies of the silent mount, and the witches of crooken berg…The crow, the finger, the tooth, the dimple, and the liver." The golem mumbled, trying to smile lifting his axe.

"I was created by the Lady Liver, she is one masterful crafter."

Kayden stared at him, "Crooken berg? Is that where they live?" the golem didn't respond and instead swung his axe at Kayden.

Kayden lifted his sword and deflected the attack. The golem swung again and again. It seemed that Kayden was on the defensive but that was far from the truth, till this point, he hadn't used anything.

BAM! BAM! After a couple of swings, Kayden took the chance and severed the golem's arm, "Where do they live."

The golem leaped away, grabbing his arm and immediately reattaching it with a growl. "You will die soon, no need for a corpse to know that."

Kayden nodded, "If you say that then, I have no need for you." Kayden's six eyes emerged, his grip tightened and for a moment, the golem knew he was done for. [Blade Flow]

Kayden's blade danced through the cavern, quickly reaching the golem and cutting him apart, [Demon Blade] He finished him off immediately.

"Now…" BAM! He leaped out of the hole in one go and landed in front of the woman who dragged him all the way here.

"Wait, you are still alive?" She gasped seeing his face.

"That means you sent me to die…Where are the people you call ladies." Kayden asked with a passive face.

The woman immediately turned around and rushed away as fast as she could, GAH! Kayden grabbed her hand.

"You won't speak?" He stared at her, all of his eyes scanning her.

"Never!" She cried.

"Fine, I know someone who can suck the information out of you." Kayden immediately started walking, dragging her behind him. She tried holding her ground for a while but his pull was absurdly strong.

She fell on the ground hoping he would stop but he didn't care. Dragging her screaming body on the ground till they reached the docks. A couple of pirates rushed to see what he was doing but he just punched them away.

When he reached the dock, he saw the other three arrive as well in a similar situation.

Zaleria was dragging a half-burned woman by the foot, uncaring about anything in the world. "She tried to kill me with a fireball scroll? Isn't she a bit stupid?"

Chad on the other hand dragged a half-beaten woman by the hair. "Do you believe it? She tried seducing me and then stabbed me in the back…When I tried to catch her she threw a man to the sea to distract me." Chad growled.

Cain was walking with a strange woman silently following him. "She honestly did nothing bad to me, she asked for my help and I sensed she has malicious intent so I mind-controlled her."