Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"It was us, sisters. Accursed one, leave our land, your presence is unwelcome here." The crows flapped their wings.

"I go wherever I want hag, I might have turned away had you spoken to me first." Cain smiled as his magic started expanding. The crows immediately flapped their wings, flying away as fast as they could.

Bell approached the shore holding her staff, "Shall we go?" She said stepping on the water, freezing it in a 6-foot radius. Jella approached her and stared down at the frozen water with a puzzled face. "Did you discharge the magic from your toes to the water? How did you make sure it's stable?"

"Look there, my staff tip is still touching the water. With it, I can create a complete circle where overflowing magic can flow back to me." Bela explained what she did and Jella seemed to take note of it.

Sofia stared at Zaleria, "You don't use a staff? I know we witches don't need them but they seem useful to have." She looked at Bela who always held a staff with her.

"We're dragons, don't compare me to that wimpy ice witch over there." Zaleria snorted and Bela glared at her for a moment.

Zaleria opened her palm, [Flame lance] BAM! A crimson lance appeared in her hand with a small explosion, she spun it around and smacked the back end on the ground causing a second blast.

As she stood with the spear standing as tall as her she grinned, "Catalysts are but objects with high mana density, they can be made from anything, from wood to metals. If the only important property is mana density, then there is nothing better than a catalyst made by a spell."

"You're wasting mana, on top of that you will need to concentrate on the spell and there is also the danger of hurting yourself if the spell exploded," Bela growled staring at Zaleria.

Zaleria stared back at her with a puzzled face, "Yeah, this is why I saw we dragons aren't wimpy ice witches like you. I have enough MP to spare, I can concentrate on the spell and fight normally as my brain is strong enough and I also have fire immunity."

Bela sighed. Even though it sounded like Zaleria was insulting her before, she was only spitting facts. Compared to dragons, she was but a wimpy witch."

Cain walked between them, "That isn't completely bound to stone. Zaleria can still be hurt by her white flames like a human can slap himself. Bela is now a lich which means she is quite resistant to cold and is immune to necrotic, she can create a staff from necrotic magic and have it function safely, and don't forget that she has infinite time to increase head strength. Jella, on the other hand, has already evolved into an ice devil, she is immune to colds which means she fine creating an ice staff." He looked around and Sofia was excited to hear her part.

"Sofia is a special case though, she is probably better fighting without a catalyst for now. Your nails are already too powerful to need assistance." A witch's nails are enchanted with magic to be used as catalysts. They have a limit on how much magic they can transfer at one time which limits the power and count of spells a witch can use.

For example.

Let's say a ninth-tier spell cost 1024MP. A witch has twenty nails, each with a 50MP/second capacity. This means she won't be able to cast the spell in one second even if she has the brain capacity because she is limited by her nails only reaching a total of 1000MP/second.

Zaleria, Bela, and Jella had their nails done by Cain and he is quite good at it. They can transfer around 100MP per nail, a total of 2000MP/second which should be more than any witch will ever need.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Sofia on the other hand, now that she became Tiamat, her nail…claws are ruby red from the tremendous magic cursing through them from Avernus. Each of them could possibly reach 500MP/second. For a total of 10000MP/second

A good quality staff usually gives around 1000MP/second. For Sofia, that's only a 10% increase while it's a whole 50%

"Let's go," Bela said as she already started getting bored from waiting. Cain was having some time explaining magic to Sofia which was only making her standing on the frozen water like that seem like she is wasting mana.

"Fine, let's go deal with them first. I will do a full lesson for you later." Cain said as he turned toward Bela, the rest followed him and slowly got onto the ice.

For a brief moment, the ice started melting beneath Sofia's feet. She immediately used her own cold magic to keep it stable and Bela stared at her. "Still can't control your magic well?"

"I did evolve rapidly, it's still a bit hard to keep up. I can keep it under control for now." Sofia replied with a wry smile. Her body is overcharged with all the draconic elements and oozing with power yet she can't effectively use everything due to a lack of skills and experience.

Slowly as they walked across the frozen path created by Bela, Cain could feel monsters looming underneath the surface. Patently waiting to make their strike, Cain never gave them chance by keeping a steady stream of his magic flowing downward alerting them.

After a few minutes, one of the monsters finally got tired from waiting and decided to attack. A shallow water demon shark, a monster similar to a shark but a lot more aggressive and tough. It leaped immediately from the water aiming at Cain's head with its maw.

Cain saw the razor-sharp teeth approach him at incredible speed and lifted his staff. CREEK! The staff transformed into its sword shape, but he didn't call on Inanna, doing that was just overkill. Cain instead flicked his fingers [Telekinesis] the sword flew ahead at incredible speed.

Spinning, the sword passed by the sharp before it could get close to Cain. CLINK! Its body got severed in two halves and then fell behind the ice path created by Bela. The sword quickly flew back to Cain's hand, who swung it to get rid of the blood.

CREEK! The sword turned back into a staff and the group kept walking, such a small monster, Cain isn't even forced to use his magic…well, he used [Telekinesis] but that is like a stable for him.

"As always, as strong as a monster," Jella mumbled seeing Cain dissect a monster whom she deemed dangerous.

Cain laughed, looking at her pouting face and then at her mother's smile. "Well, it's a good thing to have this monster at your side."

Zaleria stared toward their ship which was on the other side of the island behind them. "Cain, do you think the witch will attack the ship?"

Cain scratched his chin, "They might, but you don't have to worry. There is enough power there to deal with anything…" He replied with a smile.

"Ariel and Chad are there, Farryn as well, and…" As Zaleria was listing then Cain interrupted her, "And Kayden, remember that he hasn't transformed fully yet. He only manifested his six eyes even against Umberlee." Cain smiled, "I bet he would have slayed her alone had he fully transformed. I did feel him about to do it when he got trapped underwater…"

Kayden was sitting beside the skip, leaning on a pole and sharpening his blade while sipping on wine. "More work…" He said staring at the sea…