Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Sofia found herself tied by multiple fingers. She was disgusted, unable to stay calm. "The hell is this? Get away from me!" She cried, unleashing a blast of flames.

With a red flash, the cavern got illuminated. The fingers turned to ash at the incredible heat. Thud! Sofia landed, almost falling on her face.

"Are you here? The finger witch," she asked, staring at a shadowy figure that was standing a bit far away.

The figure approached her, a young woman that seemed around her early twenties. "You dared kill Umberlee's avatar."

Sofia gave her a puzzled face. "She attacked first. You call such a weakling the sea god?"

The witch's face turned red, glaring at Sofia with a raging face. "You dare insult a god?"

Sofia looked at her with a passive face, "Well…I can't see myself as a god. Such a title shouldn't be carried by mortals."

"You aren't a god. She is one. Learn your place," The witch screamed, kicking the ground.

"I can understand what Cain meant. A god must be omnipotent." Sofia smiled as her body ignited. As long as it can be defeated, it isn't at its peak yet.

The witch clicked her tongue, "You don't fear the wrath of the sea?" She conjured a wave of fingers behind her.

"Don't your god fear the wrath of dragons?" Sofia stepped on the ground, her body blazing red. BAM! The ground beneath her feet started melting into magma. She took a stance.

One foot at the back and one at the front. Lifting her fist and taking a deep breath. The flames circulated across her whole body, starting from her fundamentum.

"Draconic bloodline? You can die now." The witch said with a bored face, flicking her finger. A wave of fingers flowed toward Sofia. Crushing everything in its way.

BAM! She lunged forward, swinging her fist at the wave [Fire Burst] with her punch, and a cone of flames exploded. VROOOM! Sofia flew up, reaching the cavern ceiling and then blasting downward. [Firestorm] She released a powerful blast that burned all the fingers.Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

TING! The witch appeared behind her, touching her back. "You can die."

Sofia's body seemed to get consumed with a pile of fingers. CLING! The witch landed and took a wand from her pocket. "Blood to blood, by the sacrifice of a hundred blood, get turned into a horrendous creature of blood."

She stared at the pile of fingers, waiting for Sofia's body to get turned into fingers. FSHHHHH! Smoke started rising, and the fingers ignited instantly.

"What? I turned you to fingers!" The witch gasped, seeing Sofia burn everything as she stood in a blaze.

"Mere fingers against dragons. You picked the wrong opponent." Sofia said with a smile.

…

On the other side, Bela fell to the ground. She stood scratching her rear end. The fall hurt a lot. "Come on, at least be a bit civilized." She looked up at the swarm of crows.

A woman appeared flying on a broom in the middle of the swarm, "You attack our god." The witch growled.

Bela slowly stood, "I want to go see my daughter. Can you just die?" She said with a smile.

The witch laughed. "Not before…" She stooped from the stinging pain. Her arms were completely frozen.

Bela looked up at her, [Ice Storm] VAROOM! A violent wind of ice and snow blows away. Ripping the trees and freezing the water. Bela levitated with her staff in hand. [Ice Berg] ZON!

…

As Zaleria was just standing after being teleported to the other side of the island. VAROOM! BOOOM! She saw an ice storm rage in the distance, and then a mountain of solid ice emerged.

"That's Bela. Can't she take things slowly?" Zaleria scratched her head. Sofia and Zaleria knew their strength and were taking their time with the witches. Trying to learn anything if possible.

Bela, on the other hand, didn't hold back. She blasted the crow's witch instantly.

"Sister!" A voice growled behind Zaleria.

Zaleria smiled. "Care to tell me why I shouldn't kill you as well?" Zaleria's body started to shift and morph. She grew bigger, covered in red-hot scales as her wings extended.

The gargantuan dragon curled around the witch, glaring down at her. "You laid your hand on my mate. If not for him, I would have already devoured you and your sisters and burned this whole place to ash." BA! BOOOM! Flames burst from her body as she smacked her tail on the ground.

"You were a dragon?" The witch gasped, staring at the horrifying monster ahead of her.

"I will not use my flames, so try to survive," Zaleria growled, and her flames faded. She took a step back and swung her claw at the witch.

"NO!" The witch cried, barely flying away from the attack. Before she could take her breath, a second claw rushed at her.

The witch crossed her hands. Black markings appeared on the trees in the area. CRACK! Those trees flew in and formed a protective barrier around her to block Zaleria's claw. CRACK!

The barrier cracked, and the witch rolled on the ground. She immediately stood and flew away, "Die!" the black marking appeared on the ground, forcing the stones to fly at Zaleria's chest.

As the stones bounced from her rock-hard chest, Zaleria snorted. "You magic mark objects with those dimple-like markings, which you can control."

"Shut up!" She screamed, lifting a massive boulder with her magic. The boulder then disappeared. "I can do more than move things!" The boulder appeared above Zaleria's head. The witch can also teleport things. This is how she kidnapped Zaleria.

CRACK! The boulder cracked above Zaleria's head, doing almost no damage. "Why don't you mark me again? You would be able to teleport me away, won't you?"

The witch clicked her tongue. "Silence!" She caused the trees to wrap around Zaleria's body.

"Seven trees. You have a size limit, right?" Zaleria grinned. SWOSH! She swings her tail at the witch, smacking her on the ground with incredible force.

Almost dying, with her bones broken, "He is coming." The witch spoke before losing consciousness.

…

Cain was walking with Jella behind him as they met the remaining two witches. The tooth and the flesh.

"You wanted this. We told you to leave us alone." The liver's witch immediately raised a horde of flesh golems.

"But here you die." The tooth witch lifted her staff. Hundreds of sharp fangs extended from the golems toward Cain and Jella.

With a smile, Cain conjured two shadow swords and spun in place. CLANG! CLANG! TING! He deflected the fangs. He took a deep breath, [Twin fang: Resonance] CLING! CLING! He flew ahead, swinging his left and then right. Like thunder, he tore all the flesh golems apart. Thud! He landed behind the witches, exhaling FEEEWWW!

"Those moves." The tooth witch turned around rapidly, swinging her staff. CLING! Cain sliced the staff, "I hope your nails are done nicely."

"I will help!" Screamed Jella, [Ice spear] launching a frozen spear at the witch.

The liver witch growled. Clapping her hands together, "You aren't killing us. At least until he arrives!" Raising more flesh golems. She had kept corpses hidden underground.

Jella's spear froze one of the golems. The witch smiled, thinking she was safe. Then another spear appeared.

Cain swung his sword at the tooth witch.

From a distance. A white-haired figure rushed in, swinging a long black falchion.

Thud! Thud! CLING! CLANG! BAM! He sliced Jella's neck and her ice spear. He grabbed the liver and the tooth witches and deflected Cain's sword. BAM!

Cain barely blocked a slash that was aimed at his neck and ended up with a wound across his shoulder.

Looking back at the mysterious man patting the two witches…<Name: Abel Lisworth>