Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

BOOM! Sofia smashed Able to the ground in a rose of flames and lightning. Swoosh! She slid across the ground and eventually halted between Cain and the stomped Able.

"Don't kill him," Cain shouted, but she wasn't listening. Opening her jaw [Acid Breath] [Poison Breath]

Able stood up with a pearl in his hand. CRACK! He smashed it by clenching his fist.

[HP: 2110/6435] => [HP: 4560/6435]

His wounds and burns mostly healed. The pearl was called [Pearl Of life]

It's a rare gem of the sea. He only got it with Umberlee's help. It both heals and restores stamina and mana. The only downside is that overusing it could get you blind.

Able lifted his hands, sensing Sofia's incoming breath. [Water blade of Umberlee: Destructive Crescent Wave] Gripping his sword with both hands, he swung down.

An 80ft mighty wave rushed forward, "GRAAAAAAAAAA!" Able screamed, forcing his wave to contend with Sofia's breath.

As Sofia was watching the clash, waiting for it to fade. Able suddenly burst from her breath. His skin was half-melted, but he survived. "He diluted it?" As Sofia gasped, Able engulfed his blade with a compressed stream of water.

[Water blade of Umberlee: Steel Cutter]

Sofia leaned on her back foot. She sent a punch to stop his blade. 'It's fine. He won't be able to cut me.' Basing her thoughts on the previous clash.

CLING! SLICE! His blade sliced her from the knuckles to her elbow. Alarmed, she instantly engulfed her body in flames. Thwack! She then kicked him away with a straight kick.

Able spun mid-air and then landed on his feet. He looked at her with a smile. "I can do it."Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Sofia stood in place, surrounded by flames and burned ground. Her arm wasn't hurting at all. She felt like it was but a scratch.

Her sliced arm dangled. Thud! It was then reattached immediately, and the wound closed as she licked it. "It doesn't even hurt that much," Sofia said with a smile.

Able isn't facing a mere witch. He is facing Tiamat, the chromatic dragon goddess.

"You monster. I asked what you are." Able growled.

Sofia clenched her fists. Her body was engulfed in flames as she growled. "You beheaded my grandmother. I have no reason to reply."

At that moment, a flash of white magic hit Able. He got instantly frozen into an ice statue as Bela walked across the hill. Her face was deep blue, necrotic magic oozing from her orifices as she growled.

"Bastard! You did sneak one on me." She screamed.

"Absolute Peace." Bela started chanting. "Die, encased in layer upon layer of Ice." [Féretro Págou: Ice Coffin]

Hundreds of crystalline magic circles surrounded Able. Bela was trying to freeze him in a coffin of ice.

He lifted his sword and swung it in a circle, [Divine Favor: Water Rule]

From the tip of his blade, Bela's ice forcefully turned into water, which Able absorbed.

Without wasting any moment, Able leaped at her. "How did you survive?" He growled.

Before coming, Able saved all the witches he could find. With a sneak attack, he beheaded both Zaleria and Bela. He did try the same with Cain and Jella but only got the latter. Sofia was underground, so he didn't get her.

And then, from the sky, a man fell between them. Kayden has reached the place after sensing the fight. "You could have called me." Kayden stared at Cain.

BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! Everyone landed, and Cain's entire squad surrounded the place.

Alice rushed to check on Zaleria. Kayden, Mary, and Ariel held their blades to Able. Hati raised a massive wall to prevent Able and the witches from escaping. Gracie and the succubus squad stood guard at every shadow, and Selena rushed to Cain. Nemmoxon survived the sea for any other backup that Able might have. While Isbert carried her sword, getting an ice spell ready.

Able sensed the area around him. He was surrounded. Multiple powerful presences are blazing by his side, and all of the witches have been captured. Yet, there was a single strange presence.

"Who are you?" Able turned his head. Chad stood in the back. He didn't move a step from where he landed.

Cain could sense it in his father. Chad already realized that Able was his son. "I'm telling you, no one attacks him!" Cain shouted. This conflict needs to end peacefully.

Chad stared at Able with a passive face. He was debating internally, how did this happen?

Cain racked his brain, thinking of a way to mend this situation. He might be ready to forget it, but Jella and Bela sure wouldn't. He can't even be sure that Zaleria can sit silent after getting beheaded.

"Able, put your weapon down!" Cain shouted. "There is no reason for us to fight!"

Hearing Cain, everyone gave him a strange look. It isn't an understatement to say they came for blood, and hearing that was a bit disappointing. "Heal his head. He must have got a good smack." Kayden said.

Alice stared at Cain. She then looked at Chad and realized that something was off. "Do as he says, don't attack!" She shouted after Cain.

Able sensed the area around him. There was still a lot of bloodlust. But he could tell it significantly dropped. Whomever this man (Cain) was, he was the leader of the backup.

The presence of the witches still held strong. They didn't kill them. (Arguably kept for interrogation, but they were alive.) On the other hand. Jella's presence has disappeared.

The whole summary was Able killing one of Cain's people. And he received no casualty.

"Why should I believe you?" Able shouted. "I killed one of your own."

Cain scratched his head. He wouldn't believe himself if he was in Able's place. "She is going to be a bit salty about it, but she is fine." Cain lifted his finger and opened the gate of hell.

Able immediately took his stance, thinking it was an attack. Jella walked from the gate, and her corpse disintegrated. She was pissed off. "Who did it?" She growled. She stared at Cain.

"Well. Can you please forget it for now?" Cain smiled.

She glared at him as if disgusted but then sighed. "Fine, but you owe me one and an explanation." She did talk with Spindle before, and he told her. Devils should get used to dying in battle.

Zaleria then stood up. Cracking her neck. "I heard that." She looked at Cain.

"Want to fight?" Cain asked with a worried face.

"Nah, sneak attacks are a form of strength. I have more of an issue with him attacking you than him beheading me." She replied with a pained smile.

Cain then looked at his father. He was still debating. Unlike Cain, he can't appraise. "Father, he is a Lisworth too. Finally met another one." Cain said nonchalantly. This was the best way he thought of delivering the information.

At that moment, everyone else understood the problem. But then, a question ran through their minds. Cain took his white hair from his mother. Why does Able have white hair too?

Alice was the first one to guess the reason. Chad can only have children with High humans. They all had white hair.

"I have another son?" Chad gasped as the idea finally got into his head.

Cain wanted to shout, [Of course! You were going around the world doing it…] But that wouldn't be appropriate, so he sat silent for a moment.