Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

As the ship got struck down by the wave. It got slit in half, and all the people fell to the sea. Chad's unconscious charred body got immediately swept away by the waves.

Aqua's almost-dead body sunk deep into the vast ocean. Slowly fading from sight, the darkness claimed her.

After almost a day, a pirate ship passed by. They were on the other side, awaiting the storm to pass by. As they sailed, the ocean seemed clear, calm, and collected. It was too strange to feel such warmth after a storm.

"Captain! Something is coming from underwater." A sailor shouted, and the captain rushed about. He feared that it was a monster.

When he stared down, he saw a horrifying scene.

From the water, a newborn baby rose to the surface. "The hell? Bring a net immediately!" The captain shouted. What is he supposed to do?

"We're taking him?" A sailor shouted.

"Get the fucking baby out of the water, and then will think!" The captain smacked the sailor with his cane.

The sailors scrambled to fish the baby out of the water. For a moment, he seemed to be but a corpse. The captain stared at him. He wasn't breathing.

"Fuck! JINA, you lot." He screamed, and a woman walked out of the quarter room, followed by a dozen others. "Shut up, beard. I told you not to scream!" She scratched her head.

The captain lifted the baby, "Can you check this one?"

She stared at him, weirded out. "Did you just give birth? I'm sure you were a man last night?" She rushed toward him. "We came here for work, we made extra precautions to not get pregnant, and you gave us this. You have to pay more for taking care of a brat."

"Get the child to breathe first." The captain shouted. As the woman grabbed the baby, they noticed something on his neck. A birthmark in the shape of two waves clashing together.

"Umberlee's symbol? Whose son is this?" The woman asked. She lifted the child and started pressing on his chest to get the water out of his lungs.

"The sea, he rose from the deep." One of the sailors said.

The woman started at the baby, racking her brain. "Get me a barrel of seawater!" she screamed.

The sailors stopped for a second before rushing to work, filling a whole barrel. The woman rushed and lowered the baby into the water. It started breathing.

The captain stared at the barrel, baffled. Unable to believe seeing a child breathe seawater.

"Born from the sea and has Umberlee's symbol, we can only assume it's her child." The woman said with a worried face.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

All the sailor stopped their work and came to see the child. "Able, because he was able to survive being born from the sea." The captain said, and the woman grabbed him by the beard.

"What if he got that name? Don't joke like that." She growled, taking the baby for a short moment.

"What are you doing?" one of the sailors asked.

"We must teach him to breathe air. Umberlee got through the trouble of getting him to us for that reason, I reckon." She replied. "Otherwise, she would have dropped him to merfolk." She added.

"I will take care of him for this trip." The woman (Named Jina) decided. "But after, you have to find someone else." He started slowly moving the baby out of and into the water.

Surprisingly, he quickly started breathing air. Jina carried him to the quarter and asked the sailors to provide her with a fresh barrel of seawater each day.

The captain followed her in to find her breastfeeding the baby. "How is he doing?"

She looked at the captain, smiling. "Eating, he must have been starving."

The captain nodded, "No work tonight, right? Should I give you two the full room?" He asked.

"No need. If he fell asleep, I would prefer to play a bit. But if he didn't, that's another story." She smiled.

CRACK! The door opened, and the other girls stared at them. "We can take turns taking care of him." They said.

"No, you lot didn't care for children before. I will take care of him." She replied.

Later, Jina ended up settling with the captain as she got attached to the child. They discovered later that the child did carry the name Able, which caused the captain to have a few unpleasant nights.

…

A year later, Able finally started walking. But the shaking ship wasn't a place for a toddler to wander around. As the ship shook, he rolled over and fell to the sea.

"Able fell to the sea!" A sailor shouted.

As everyone was about to start panicking, they saw Able's hand emerge from the water. As if he was climbing stairs, Able climbed into the surface of the water and stood.

"What the…?" The sailors gasped, seeing the toddler standing on the surface of the sea.

Hehehehehe! Able started giggling, flapping his arms around in excitement. "Get over here!" The captain stared down at him. "Able, come back here," Jina added.

Able looked at them smiling, then turned around and started running away. Dying with laughter.

Five years later, Able joined the pirate on their first raid. Their aim was to a merchant ship carrying cargo from the human kingdom to the wood elves. The pirate took it as a target as it only had humans on it.

"Shoot!" After downing the masts and the sails. The pirates leaped in. Able was still afraid of using the rope, so he just jumped onto the surface of the water and ran toward the ship. That action baffled the merchant as they saw a brat run on the water toward them like it was a normal thing.

Able swung his oversized sword with the pirate, getting no kills on his first raid. Getting a bit depressed.

As they were plundering the ship, the captain asked Able to help them search for loot. Promising him that he can keep one thing that he finds. In reality, the captain only wanted him to get out of his depression.

Like any kid his age, Able started searching for anything resembling a toy. Looking in every nook and cranny till he found something strange. When he opened one of the barrels, he saw a girl that looked just a bit older than him inside.

The girl glared at him. Then grabbed the lid from his hands and closed the barrel. "Captain! I'm taking this one!" Able yelled, dragging the whole barrel.

The girl opened the ling and smacked him on the head with it. "Go away." She flicked her finger, and a ball of water appeared [Water splash]

Able immediately pulled his sword and attempted to slash the water. SPLASH! His entire body got splashed, and the girl laughed.

"Run in fear, brat! Did you see my sorcery?" She glared at him.

Able was awe-struck. This was the first time he saw magic. With a smile, he lifted his hands, mimicking the girl. "Go away!" He even said the same words.

The girls weren't expecting him to do anything, but then the ship started rumbling. Water seeped from the wood and gathered in front of Able's palm. BAM! A blast of water rushed ahead. The girl rolled to the side, barely dodging.

Able blew a hole in the ship's side. And then fell unconscious.

Later, when he woke up. He found himself in his room. The girl was in the middle of the room, tied with ropes to the supporting pillar.

"Who are you?" Able asked.

The girl told him her story. She was a witch that got persecuted in the human kingdom and is trying to escape.