Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The tooth witch stared at Able, surrounded by everyone. She couldn't understand what was going on. 'I have to act. Someone got to create an opening.'

From that day we met, I was already chased by death. This might be it for me, but you all should move forward.

She looked back. The other four witches have stood up as well. She smiled, turning toward approaching Chad.

Thud! She took a step forward, clenching her fist.

Cain's face instantly changed, "Father!" He could feel it. Five ninth-tier spells at once.

SWOOSH! A wave of water exploded behind the witch's back, [Maw of the Deep] she rushed ahead with a giant sea serpent, its maw filled with human teeth. VAM! Kayden cut her way, swinging his sword to stop her spell.

As the two clashed, Kayden noticed that no matter where he slashed, the serpent regenerated instantly.

CRACK! From behind her, other things exploded. [Call of a thousand birds] The crow witch's arm got covered in hundreds of scratching lightning birds. In almost an instant, she rushed ahead. Thud! Selena cut her way, swinging her fist at the lightning birds.

Lightning flashed as Selena pushed her fist ahead, [Thunder Step]

Clap! The liver witch clapped her hands. Her body turned purple and evaporated into a cloud of rotting Miasma. [Flesh Miasma] As she passed, the ground turned black, and the trees turned into dust. Rotting away as if hundreds of years had passed on them.

FLAP! Alice immediately transformed, flying directly into the Miasma. She alone could take it on, [Decay Curse: Condensation] with her magic. She tried to force the witch back into her human form.

The more Alice tried to condense the Miasma, the more she felt the witch resisting. She was aiming to swallow everyone. And rot their bodies to dust.

The dimple witch slammed her staff on the ground. And a huge black mark appeared. [Volcanic Mark] the mark quickly disappeared and appeared on the mountain behind her.

The ground shook and rumbled. And from the black mark, a stream of Lava gushed out. BAM! It shot forward, aiming at Cain.

Cain lifted his staff, about to dispel the spell but then saw Sofia fly forward. Instantly transforming into her draconic form. But this time, instead of going all out. She tried the trick Abornazine taught her.

"You rule over all the chromatic colors. Feel free to call only upon what you need. There is no need for you to use five heads at the same time. Some elements are compatible. Mix them and show the world what the dragon goddess can do. But be wary. The dragon king down there is also capable of such things." That is what Abornazine said.

VROOM! Sofia blasted in a red flash and instantly smashed into the mountain. [Brown Dragon] (Earth) [Red Dragon] (Fire)

ROOOOAAR! She rose on the volcano's peak, roaring and growling. Her skin is made of stones that sit on molten lava. The heat from her body burned the ground as the black cloud of dust clouded the sky.

"She's massive." The dimple witch gasped.

KA! BAM! ROOOAAR! Sofia seems to have gone on a rampage, flying directly toward the witch with her jaw open. Ready to Blast everything into dust with a breath?

"She lost it!" Ariel flew toward Sofia at an incredible speed, [Chains of Light] she tried to tie her down. "Damn it! Zaleria, Mary, help!" she screamed, unable to hold the raging goddess in place.

Mary flew toward her at an incredible speed, "She got too much power in a short amount of time, and this was bound to happen."

"How do we calm her down?" Zaleria screamed, Barely keeping Sofia in place.

~Father, we need to stop a raging Tiamat~ Mary shouted as Sofia kicked her in the face.

~What is she~ Bahamut replied immediately with a worried voice.

~Volcano~

~She is taking power from a nearby volcano. Trick her to fly away if possible, or drown her in water~ Bahamut seemed to have a solution just for this.

"Grab her wings!" Mary shouted, and Zaleria joined Sofia's wings together. Ariel tied them, and Mary double-kicked her into the ocean.

Thwack! BAM! Hati punched the dimple witch from the side, and Farryn gave her a second one knocking her out for good.

The Finger witch lifted her hand, taking the chance in the middle of chaos to aim at Cain. [Life Weaving] Ten ghost-like fingers appeared with a web of strings. They all pulled at the same time, and the threads closed at Cain.

Cain's shadow danced, and Gracie leaped out with Melissa and the succubi. CLING! At the same time, they sliced all the threads.

Thud! Thud! Thud! Able wasn't going to miss the chance. He slipped amidst the chaos and appeared in front of Cain. [Water blade of Umberlee: Foul Dance]

He swung his blade upward, and CLANG! Cain deflected the strike with Inanna. CLANG! CLANG! Able kept swinging, and Cain started blocking with his sword and Magic.

"Didn't you hear me earlier? We are brothers. We shouldn't fight." Cain shouted.

"Like I care about a family that I haven't seen from birth. I will cut whoever dares put his hands on my wives." Able shouted, swinging his blade. [Water blade of Umberlee: Crescent Blade]

Cain lifted his hand [Blade of Disaster: Dark star] [Lisworth's Enchantable sword: Lightning]

He conjured two swords. A ninth-tier sword made of spell [Black star] and an eight-tier sword made of lightning.

If he can't match him in skill, all he needs is more sword slashing. "Well, I'm going to give you a nice beating!" Cain shouted as he swung the blades with [Telekinesis] alongside Inanna, which was in his hand.

CLANG! SWOOSH! The two brothers flew away like two flashes of brilliant light. Able looked like an orb of black and blue light, while Cain flashed red, white, and black.

Farryn leaped to the side as the two passed by her, plowing the ground. "Someone stop those two." She yelled.

Suddenly, a meteor appeared out of nowhere and flew to the sky. After a second, the meteor fell into the ocean generating a massive wave. Then the wave magically turned toward the island, rushing at an incredible speed.

"Is this what two Lisworths fighting looks like?" Hati shouted.

"(Seems like it, one is a monster at magic, and the other is a sword master.)" Skoll replied to her. Wondering about the problem with Chad's family, all those of his blood seemed to grow too powerful.

Isbert, who was watching from the side, finally decided to step in. She lifted her sword and swung it down at the two brothers [Ice Burst]

A blue burst of cold magic rushed at Cain and Able. Cain teleported away to dodge it while Able got struck. For a brief moment, his water froze. [Ice Storm] [Snow wave] Bela and Jella joined in to freeze him.

"Don't think this will stop me." Able shouted [Edge Master: Ripping edge] [Sword Master: Flash Step] [Blade Master: Rapid Torrent].

Able's sword rumbled. THUD! Smacking his foot on the ground, he sliced all the spells.

BAM! Cain appeared by his side, "Fine, you want to die, then so be it. I can always drag you out from the depth of hell." Cain swung his sword, "Spirit of Phlegethos, Inanna!" He released the full power of Inanna, bringing hell to earth and turning the island into a blazing furnace.

BAM! The flames quickly got sucked all into the sword, covering the edge with black-blazing flames.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Able quickly turned to face him, "You die." [Water blade of Umberlee: Call of the depth] Able released the pressurized water of the ocean floor from the edge of his blade.

As the two were about to clash, Chad appeared by their side. His eyes glowed goldenly, and his fists lifted. CRACK!

As his fists fell, he smacked both of them on the head. Drilling their faces on the ground with his forearms covered in golden light. "No more fighting, Kids," Chad growled.