Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chad slowly lifted his hands. The two brothers are down.

CLICK! Able quickly stood up, swinging his sword at Chad's neck. Thwack! He got smacked again.

Cain rolled on his back, his head hurting. Even though he was dazing, he could still fully use his magic. But he isn't going to attack his father. He was just happy that he could finally take a beating without losing consciousness.

"I win at close range, give up," Chad growled. In reality, there was more to it. Able was exhausted from his fight with Cain, and Chad got a sneak attack on his head.

Able finally went down, and the witches were all captured as well.

Chad stared at Cain, "You tried to kill him."

"Do you think that someone who still had that much energy in him after getting kicked by Sofia will die easily?" Cain replied, "He deflected one of my meteors even." He sighed.

"Fair enough, a conflict like this needed to happen. Get up." Chad said, lifting Able.

[Telekinesis] Cain started floating with his arms dangling. His back and neck were hurting. Chad almost tore off his skull with that punch.

"I should create a cell for them. Just like the one I made for Lola." Cain said.

"Lola, the dragon king's daughter."

"Yeah, she is still rampaging inside."

Then Ariel dragged Sofia out of the water with her chains. Both Zaleria and Mary seemed to be injured. "Damn, catching a dragon alive is way harder than killing it," Ariel said, falling on her face.

"You kill her, and I will pluck your feathers out. But good job keeping her in check." Chad called her.

"I should tell her to stop using the shard's power like this. In the meantime, I will look into her power and how to control it efficiently." Cain said, trying to stand upright.

"Father should be able to help. Tiamat was his sister, and he knows her well." Mary suggested. "We should make a detour after the dark elves to head to the cloud fortress."

"Cloud fortress? The metallic dragons' castle. Wasn't it in the elemental plane of air?" Cain replied.

"That's a misconception. The castle flies by father's command. It can only appear in places dense in mana, but it can get to this realm." Mary added.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"On your way, ask him if he wants me to create a place for his castle in the maze. If he can train Sofia under my eyes, I would appreciate it."

"That won't be a problem," Mary replied.

Cain faced his father and then looked at Able. "Well, then. Can I leave him to you?"

Chad nodded, "It's my job. I will explain later."

Everyone returned to the ship exhausted. As Cain reached in and went into the mansion to rest, he started feeling a bit salty. The easy witch-hunting trip he expected has turned into an all-out brawl with a brother of his. On top of that, he learned that Sofia can't completely control her power and that he still sucks at swordplay.

"Damn it, I should get myself together," He banged his head on the wall.

Zaleria approached him, "Are you okay?"

Cain looked at her, "Not really, just need some time to process what happened." He sat down, "And what about you? Are you all right after...getting beheaded?"

Zaleria smiled, "It was my first time, but a good lesson nonetheless. My neck scales are flipped backward, making it easier to slash me from the back. I have to find a way to seal them off."

"It's called dragon armor. I will get you one when we get to the elvish continent. Elvish silver, Adamantite, Mithril, and Platinum. They are all available there." Cain then briefly explained the four metals to her.

Elvish Silver. It looks like ordinary silver but a bit whiter. Some call it pale silver. It isn't that durable and weighs just as much as normal silver. But it can conduct magic extremely well, a perfect enchanting material.

Adamantite, also called green steel. It's heavy but durable and sturdy. Probably the strongest natural material in the world. But its magic conduction is terrible.

Mithril is extremely light but as durable as steel. Most people use it as Chain mail or added protection. But it repels magic, making casting spells while wearing it almost impossible.

Platinum is light, sturdy, and has great magic conductivity. Almost a perfect material. If it didn't cost you more than what its uses are worth. Its sources are rare, and it's hard to work into shapes, so almost no blacksmith can work with it. You can spend years digging and only end up with less than a knife's worth of metal. The only reliable source of getting and forging it is non-other than Bahamut, the only platinum dragon alive and Mary's father. The metallic dragon god and king, Tiamat's older brother.

"So we're making it from Adamantite?" Zaleria asked about her armor, and Cain smiled.

"No, I'm going to make it with platinum." He grinned, "A whole dragon armor set." Bahamut will come to teach Sofia in the maze. Cain will use that chance to get some platinum out of him.

"You want to take it from Bahamut?" Zaleria asked. She heard him talk with Mary about it earlier.

"Peacefully. I promise I'm not going to start plucking his scales." Zaleria stared at Cain with a suspicious glare.

"Don't do it."

Cain laughed, "I know, I know." He is getting old but still can wipe the continent with us.

Cain was thinking of the exact opposite. Offering the old dragon a way to extend his life. The cure he sought for centuries.

Bahamut and Tiamat (The original one) are supposed to be linked together. When one of them dies, the other withers and dies. Cain could bet that the link is just between the purgatory shard and something else in Bahamut, probably another shard.

In this world, the only two people who have the skill to even attempt re-linking the two are Cain and Lilia. Bahamut won't go ask Lilia for help, and even she won't accept. But Cain wouldn't mind doing it.

Why would Lilia refuse? For her, the less competition, the better. Would she hate it if Cain helped Bahamut? No, she wouldn't care. She would find it amusing.

Cain stood up, stretching his arms like a cat. "I need a bath and a warm cup of tea." Flicking his fingers, a ghost approached them. "You heard me. Go inform the maids." Cain then walked toward the bath with Zaleria.

On their way, they found Mary, Bela, Jella, and Hati heading in as well. "Jella is coming as well? Should I stand down?" Cain said with a smile.

"No need, I don't mind you," Jella replied. She was a bit salty before. But now that she died and only survived, thanks to Cain. She was a bit more lenient.

Bela smiled, immediately leaping at Cain. "Is it finally my time? Is it?" She started rubbing her head on him. And something else on his shoulder.

"With your daughter around? Forget it." Cain replied with a passive face as he pushed her away.

"AHH! Please be gentler. I don't hate it rough, though." Bela gasped, and Cain almost blasted her into a teleport gate.