Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Soon enough, the sun started sinking into the horizon. Jack went alone to the mountain peak. Alone in the physical sense. Cain kept an eye on him with divination magic like Arcane eye and Scrying.

The road to the peak was harsh, filled with cliffs to climb and wild monsters to make it dangerous. Mundane travelers and adventurers might see this path as a regular hard road, but Cain saw otherwise.

"This road got designed to waste time, so you reach the peak at night. It also makes sending reinforcements harder." Cain explained, and everyone nodded. They could see that being a possibility.

Farryn approached the orb Cain was watching through. "But that doesn't matter to you."

Cain looked at her smiling, "Of course, it doesn't matter. I wouldn't have sent Jack if I couldn't reach him in the blink of an eye."

Jack walked on the stone path, humming. The bushes around him rustled, cracking as the wind blew past.

GRWA! A small, yellow coyote with red eyes and steel-like claws leaped at him. Jack quickly turned with his gun ready, and BANG! He shot the monster in the head.

Few! Blowing the smoke from the barrel, he approached the monster's corpse and lifted it. "This is a good-looking hide. It will go for quite a bit." He dragged it to the corner and hid it under the bushes.

He then continued his walk, humming while reloading his gun.

Cain flicked his finger, opening a small portal under the monster's corpse and teleporting it to him. "Will save this for him. Leaving a small corpse like this in the wild is dangerous."

Zaleria nodded, "Monsters won't touch it if it's big, but this looks like a good snake."

Isbert inspected the monster's corpse, "Surprisingly, a clean kill. A steel ball to the brain, right between the eyes."

Farryn glared at the corpse and snorted, "It's not clean. If he is after the hide, as he said, a shot to the eyes or inside the mouth would have been better." She inspected the wound, "Wasted the good head, elvish archers would have done a better job."

Cain stared at her with a passive face, "I was about to miss your nagging. The hide doesn't matter as long as he gets to the spot and finishes quickly.

After about half an hour of climbing, Jack reached the peak.

The peak was a small garden, 60ft in diameter. A small pond glittered in the middle, with a stone table to the side.

As Jack walked toward the table, a man approached from the shadows. "Bone crow, nice to meet you," Jack said with a smile.

The bone crow stared at him, "Do you know anything about the chaos there?" He pointed toward the burned island where Cain and Able fought.

Jack smiled, "The witches dared to mess with a friend of mine. He just gave them a little slap on the wrist."

The bone crow sat on the table, "There were dragons there. Did you bastard lead those monsters here?" He growled.

Jack lifted his hands, "Oi! Oi! Watch your mouth. Those are my friend's wives. You don't want to be on his bad side."

The bone crow laughed, "Stop the nonsense. Who sent you? I know you killed Arnold and stole his crew. Did you expect to live after that?"

"Yeah. I came to declare becoming a pirate captain, not to ask for your permission. I'm trying to keep the old custom. If you don't want to work together, that's your problem."

The bone crow stood, glaring at Jack with a deathly stare. CLICK! BAN! He immediately drew his gun, Shotting at Jack. To his surprise, Jack shot him at the same time.

GRWAA! Jack growled in pain, a hole in his shoulder. "Ah! You got me, but not like I got you."

The bone crow stood silent, his face red and the veins in his forehead popping. Blood dripped from between his legs, and he fell on his face.

"Bastard!" The bone crow growled, his jewels blasted to minced meat.

Jack slowly approached the bone crow, "Now, am I an official captain? Mr.Nutless."

Suddenly, ten pirates emerged from the shadows, aiming their guns at Jack. The bone crow didn't come alone. He had brought his guards.

Jack looked around. This situation is troublesome. "Captain, are you all right?" one of the pirates asked.

"No, he isn't, shitbucket. Can't you see his grandchildren scattered on the ground?" Jack was the one to reply.

"Shut up. You die here." One of the pirates growled.

Jack laughed, "Said the one following a nutless captain. Snap out of it. He has no more juice to give you."

Three of the ten pirates snapped, immediately shooting Jack.

Jack was awaiting it. He instantly ducked just before they could pull the trigger. Their bullets killed three of their comrades.

<Pirates: 7/10>

"Fucker!" They screamed.

As the other four pirates pointed their guns at Jack, he rolled on the ground and toppled one of the three pirates who shot first. BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! As they shot him, Jack used the pirate as a meat shield.

<Pirates: 6/10>

With them needing to reload, Jack, who carried four guns, had the advantage.

<Jack's loaded guns: 3/4>Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Jack pulled two and fired them. BANG! BANG! He immediately downed two more pirates.

<Pirates: 4/10>

<Jack's loaded guns: 1/4>

The pirates pulled their swords, and Jack did the same. But unlike them, he held his last loaded gun in his off-hand.

CLANG! One of the pirates rushed in with a downward swing and CLANG! Jack blocked it with his sword. BANG! He fired his last round at the pirate's chest.

<Pirates: 3/10>

<Jack's loaded guns: 0/4>

Thud! Jack then immediately kicked the corpse toward the other three pirates.

The pirates dodged the corpse and swung at Jack without hesitation. SWOSH! Jack rolled between them and evaded the attacks.

As the pirates turned around, they saw Jack pointing two guns at them. "You're out of ammo, idiot!" They growled.

<Jack's loaded guns: 2/4>

"I expect nothing less from the nutless captain lackeys." BANG! BANG! He shot two of them down. "Those aren't my guns," Jack pointed at the first three pirates he killed. Their guns were still loaded. He took their guns while rolling.

<Pirates: 1/10>

<Jack's loaded guns: 0/4> "AHHH!" Jack growled, probably rolling with a hole in his shoulder wasn't the smartest idea.

"Hold up, sir. No captain. We don't have to fight." The last pirates started talking.

"I see," Jack replied, pretending to look at the bone crow.

The pirate immediately bent over and snatched one of the guns, pointing it at Jack.

"The last loaded one. Drop your weapons." The pirate shouted.

Jack sighed, pointing at his jewels with the tip of his sword. "Those are my weapons. Neither you nor your captain has anything that matches them. Shot."

The pirate smiled, "Then you die." Pulling the trigger. CLICK! Nothing came out. "What?" the pirate cried, staring at his gun with an open mouth.

Thud! Jack took a heavy step forward, thrusting his sword. STAB! He got the pirate in the neck.

"That's my gun," He took the gun from the pirate's hand. "Thanks. I seem to have dropped it when rolling." He pulled his sword, kicking the pirate away.

<Pirates: 0/10>

Jack then approached the bone crow, squatting by his side. "Wake up, nutless. I have a position to claim."