Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

ZON! A portal opened right behind Jack, and Cain stepped out of it. Cain skimmed at the scattered corpses and then at Jack. "You all right?"

Jack smiled, waving his head and patting his wounded shoulder. "They got my shoulder. I should probably have Lady Alice take a look at it. After your permission, of course."

Cain then stared at the bone crow, "And this one?"

"I suggest giving him a potion. His marbles have burst away. I doubt that a thing which requires the lady's attention." Jack approached the bone crow and lifted him by the hair.

"I see. Weren't you two supposed to talk? We came here to get him to agree to you being a pirate captain." Cain asked, helping Jack lift the bone crow using [Telekinesis]

"He wasn't that cooperative at all, see all those idiots he brought. Wanted me dead, the bastard lucky I let him live." Jack growled.

"Fine, it doesn't matter. I will get the idiot patched up and tweak his nogging a bit." Cain threw the bone crow into the portal with a smile.

"His must be hard, a tough nut to crack. I hope you get it done." Jack smiled, approaching Cain.

"So now all that is holding is how fast I work, nice." Cain smiled, rolling his sleeves up.

"Got a plan?"

"A lot of them. Go see Alice, and she will fix you."

"Fix? I'm not a thing, you know?" Jack said, but Cain quickly disappeared with the bone crow.

"You hear me mate?" Jack shouted and then looked behind at the corpses. "You won't need those, right?"

Jack took his time looting the pirates, stripping them from their gold, weapons, and even clothes if he deemed them to have a price.

...

ZON! A portal opened up in Olivia's lab, "Olivia, do you have another potion?" Cain asked, looking for her. She was standing by the counter naked, mixing a yellow-looking solution.Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

"KYA! Master, you scared me." She jumped up, spilling the liquid on herself.

Then she quickly rushed to grab a close bucked of water and spilled it on herself.

"What are you doing?" Cain asked, staring at her chest and stomach, which were still dyed yellow.

"This? Don't worry. I already cleaned it off. The marks will go soon." She replied with a worried smile.

"What are you mixing?" He asked.

"An Acid for Lady Sofia, remember? We were working on it before." Olivia replied, showing some of it to Cain.

"I'm asking if you like being naked. Wear something for protection." Cain pointed at her clothes piled in the corner.

"Let me show you something." Olivia walked and grabbed one of her socks. She took it to the other corner and threw it inside an empty bucket.

She then walked to the counter and took a spoonful of the acid she was making.

"What are you doing?"

"Just watch." She poured the spoon on the sock and then ran away.

Sizzled! Puff! The sock burst into flames as high as the room's ceiling, and Olivia started giggling.

"See, this thing doesn't like clothes that much."

Cain stared at the flames and then pointed with his finger, [Create water]

"Since when can acid burn?"

"I discovered that by accident. I was lucky that I was naked. Want some?"

Cain shook his head, "I need a greater healing potion for an idiot pirate. Give me an extra strong one."

Olivia nodded and headed to the counter, searching in the boxes she hid underneath. She quickly pulled what Cain wanted.

"Here you go. But take this as well." She quickly filled a bottle of acid. "Please give this lady Sofia. She will appreciate it."

Cain nodded, "You know? Give me another bottle."

Olivia smiled, "For that dragon? Just make sure she behaves." She knew it was for Morena inside Cain.

After getting all that he needed, Cain headed back. He had the bone crow tied inside the ship while being guarded by everyone.

As Cain returned, he splashed the man with the potion healing him. [Dragons' Modify memory]

After the spell took effect, Cain splashed the man with water. "Wake up,"

The bone crow woke up, dazed. The wooden room around him was unfamiliar, but he recognized a single face.

"Lord Cain, where am I?" The bone crow asked with a smile.

Cain had saved his life from the disaster on the other island. The man will never forget such a favor.

"At Jack's ship, you were about to accept him as captain."

"Yeah! Right, I will get that done quickly." The bone crow stood, "I will send letters to all the pirates of the sea. In about a month, they all should know of Jack's flag, crew, and face."

The bone crow job was simple but crucial. Pirates already have a lot of enemies, so they usually attack at sight. He sends letters with the name, face, flag, ship type, and even a description of the crew to all the pirates of the sea.

"I should get it done by tomorrow at noon. Usually, I ask the pirates to stay in the harbor till a month pass. But I don't think it will be a problem for you. I will leave one of my letters with you. Use it as proof." The bone crow immediately excused himself.

"Is it fine to let him go like this?" Farryn asked.

"Yeah, he is under my mind's control and surveillance. We need him to work quickly, so let him go." Cain replied, walking toward the door. The night has already fallen.

"What now?" Asked Kayden. He was staring at Cain from the outside.

"We wait. Get the letter tomorrow and then leave immediately." Cain replied, getting back in.

"Sofia, take this." As he saw Sofia walking by, he threw the bottle at her. "It's from Olivia."

Sofia smiled, grabbed the battle, and smelled it. "This is it, the acid I asked for." Immediately chugging the whole thing down.

Cain slowly drank his as well.

"Bluh! It tastes disgusting," Cain almost spat his acid.

"Cain, let's go have something to eat," Mary called him. The dinner was ready.

At the same time, Marina walked out of the maze gate with a smile on her face. "Cain, do you have some time tonight?" She asked.

"Yes, why do you ask?"

"I was wondering if you could meet my maids, the twins. They need some [teaching]" She stressed that out, and Cain understood what she meant.

After dinner, Cain headed to his room with Mary by his side. He quickly called Marina, so she came over with her maids.

Cain sat on the bed with Mary and Marina. The two maids bowed to him. It wasn't their first night with him, but it was the first time after they made the oath.

"Like lady Marina. We agree to worship you in exchange for power." One of them said.

"She had already informed us of the details. Please accept us." The two of them bowed deeply, and Cain smiled.

"You don't have to be that stiff. I would like two have two capable people by Marina's side." He stood up, "Just answer a few questions."

The two maids nodded.