Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Cain looked at the two maids. Marina was by his side, and Mary was on the couch on the other side of the room.

<Stella Birsha> <Echidna Birsha>

'I should get them some spells,' Cain thought. Scanning them with his eyes, he couldn't guess why they agreed. Last time they asked him to build an orphan. This time it could be something else.

"Care to tell me what the problem is now?" Cain looked at them. "I know there is something you want."

The two maids looked at each other surprised, "Sister, did you tell him?"

"No, sister, did you tell him?"

"No one told me. It's obvious that you need something."

Marina stared at her two maids, smiling, "You didn't tell me you were after something." She slowly lifted her hand. Two tentacles emerged from her hand, grabbing the two maids.

"Let them be. Wanting something is better than wanting nothing." At least like this, he can understand what they are thinking about without magic.

Marina smiled, slowly putting the twin on the ground and sucking the tentacles back into her arm. She is the high priest of Cthulhu. That was the magic Cain gifted her.

"Both of you are level 1, so I can't grant you spells right now. You have to reach level 2, at least." Cain looked at them.

"We didn't come here for spells or magic," Stella said, or was it Echidna? Cain had to look at their stats to confirm. <Stella Birsha>

"We want to build a slave trading company." Echidna replied.

Cain had to stop for a moment and think about what this one had just said.

"Excuse me, why?"

"Right now, in Ourals, there is only the illegal trade."

"We noticed a lot of non-criminals sold and bought as slaves recently. We want to build a company that deals with that."

The two sisters explained their plan.

Usually, there are two types of criminals that can become slaves.

Thieves: If they can't pay back what they stole, they can work it.

Criminal with life sentence: Usually, those people can choose to spend the rest of their life as slaves working in the field than living in a locked cell.

But, illegal slave traders started trading with all manner of people. This act can't be allowed to happen. They tried legal pursuit, but taking one down only seemed to spawn more traders.

With it looking unstoppable, their only option is to monopolize the trade and get it under state control. That way, they can minimize the damage.

They will send wrongfully enslaved people back to their families, send the children to an orphanage, and get the elderly to care centers.

They can also send criminals back to the system.

Their idea seemed sound to Cain. The legal department of noble houses handled the slave circulation. But that isn't enough.

"We do need a department to handle those matters." Cain scratched his chin.

The two maids were right to give this pitch directly to Cain. He is the only one with enough strength to make it happen. Even if it were suggested to the state and accepted by Marina, the nobles would try and snatch the position for themselves, resulting in more illegal trade.

"You can build it. But I will inspect the place a month later and see how things are going."

The two maids nodded with happy faces.

Looking at them, Cain wondered. Those two maids are something.

"Marina, what is the Birsha family?"

Marina looked at him and then at the maids. "It isn't anything. As far as I know, they are the only Birsha in the city." She told Cain their story.

The twins were sold as slaves when they were only five years old. Luckily, a woman bought them and sent them to an orphanage. But after a few years, the orphanage went out of business, so the twins ended up working as maids for the Ourals family when they were nine.

"I see." Cain nodded, looking a the twin, "How do you feel?"

The two maids smiled, "Content, our life wasn't as hard as you think. All thanks to an old lady that we can't even remember." Stella replied.

"We want to repeat that for everyone, create a safe way for them to escape and start again," Echidna added.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"I understand. What now?" Cain asked, looking at them.

The twin stared at each other and smiled. "Right now, we play," they said in unison.

"Ahem." Mary, sitting at the side all this time, glared at Cain. "Did you forget I was here?"

Cain's head rapidly turned toward her, "Oh, no. I was just about to call you in. Come here." He scrambled to get things right.

...

The next day at noon, the bone crow arrived with the letter. "Sir Cain, please do have a safe trip." he handed the letter to Cain with both hands and a smile.

Cain took the letter, "You can go now. This letter will do it." He then turned back to where Jack was standing. "This is your's right?" Cain asked.

Jack approached him, only grabbing the letter with two fingers as if it was a rotten fish. "Ah! Written by the nutless."

"Stop joking." Cain sighed with a passive face.

"Your no fun at all." Cain took the letter and hid it in his pocket. "This is all we need." He smiled.

CLANG! Charlotte threw a steel bucket at Jack's head. The thing bounced off and almost hit Cain.

"You idiot, I told you to get enough wood for the ship!" She yelled.

"It's on the dock. Don't come throwing things at me like this!" Jack yelled back.

"I was calling you all morning. Next time listen, you idiot!" She shouted and left.

Jack scratched his head. A bump was forming under his hair. "Cain, we should throw her off the ship."

Cain stared at him with a wry smile, "Isn't she keeping you in check?" Cain was right. Charlotte is the only experienced pirate who can order Jack around.

"Guess you're right. If not for Charlotte's nagging. I would have spent the morning drinking at the bar, celebrating my new position." Jack replied, scratching his head.

"Come on, get on board. I will carry the wood inside." Cain patted Jack's back as he headed to the dock.

After walking just a bit, he saw a massive pile of wood. This pile should be their wood. Looking back, Jack was nodding, so this is the right one.

Cain lifted his right hand and grabbed his staff in his left. [Telekinesis] The wood crackled as it slowly flew to the sky.

All the people in the dock stopped what they were doing. "Look!" One of them screamed. Cain walked back to the ship with the wood above his head.

"Where should I drop it?"

Jack smiled, "On the deck is enough. The boys will take it to where it needs to be." He replied. Jack and Cain walked into the ship and laid the wood on the deck.

"Is everyone ready?" Jack yelled.

"AY! AY! Captain." The sailors shouted.

Cain lifted his hand and banged his staff on the ground. [Prismatic Dome] [Prismatic Dome] [Prismatic Dome] He immediately reinforced the ship, causing it to glow. All the people on the dock ran away in fear for their lives. It was the first time they saw such magic in action.

The ship Sailed.