Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Just around the elvish capital, a new dragon attack has taken place. An army of a thousand fully armed dragons attacked as they sensed Lilia's absence.

The dragon's surrounded the capital immediately, "Sylph, queen of the elves. Surrender the seed to us, and we will leave the city unharmed." The army leader growled. He was a massive green dragon of untold age.

No response came from the capital for a few seconds.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

CRACKLE! The forest beneath them raged, entangling half of the dragons. "Fire Squad, burn it!" As he shouted, all the red wyrms unleashed their breaths, burning the forest down.

The sky turned red, and the ground rumbled as the dragons pulled their massive swords and readied their spells. "Will get the seed by force, Charge!"

As they charged ahead, something strange happened. The entire world seemed to morph, twist, and crumble. The red sky cracked with a loud screech as the land turned into an empty wasteland.

"What happened?" the leader growled, landing on the ground and shattering it. CLICK! CLACK! They all felt it. Ahead of them, a single halfling walked.

She glared at them with blue eyes, a smile on her face as a gem appeared on her forehead. She giggled, "I was right. A lot of you came." Her red hair flowed with the wind, and they could sense the horrid magic inside her.

"The laughing tornado, what brought you here?" The massive dragon took a few steps back, activating nine barrier spells to protect himself.

She took a step forward, "What will a layer of cobweb do? Protect you from flies?" She then looked down, holding her chin, "I'm quite small, so I look like a fly to you." she burst laughing.

"This isn't cobweb. This barrier is the dragon's barrier." Lilia interrupted him, "I'm telling you it's a cobweb, don't try to make it sound strong." She lifted her hand.

The dragon took his stance, ready to blast her with his magic at any moment.

ZOR! In the blink of an eye, before he could even react. Lilia flew right through his shield, laying her hand on his forehead. [Spread the force on the surface to avoid punching through] She didn't use a spell. It was pure magic she created, naming it as she wanted.

A massive wave of telekinetic force fell on the dragon's body, spreading across his upper scales. CRACK! The dragon's body got pushed to the ground, smacking with tremendous energy.

Thud! she landed beside the dragon smiling, "See, cobweb." The dragon immediately swung his claw at her.

CLANG! Cis claws stopped right before reaching her. An invisible force blocked him.

"There are about a thousand of you idiots here. I do need about one hundred alive for my experiment. The rest will die." She twisted her fingers, and the dragon's body levitated.

CLACK! His body straightened from head to tail, and his legs and wings curled together like a ball. Lilia grabbed the tip of his draconic tail and held him above her like a mace.

With the size difference between her and the dragon, she looked like an ant lifting a whole human.

"Why are you doing this? What experiment are on now?" One of the dragons screamed in fear as he watched his captain get treated like that. There was a reason why they avoided conflict with her. She is a monster far above what they could understand.

"I don't mind telling you." she smiled, "A friend of mine asked me to get him the blood of the Tarrasque. In exchange, he will help create magic that can kill Mystra, the goddess of magic. I will use your bones to find the creature, that's all." She replied.

"The Tarrasque? Are you insane?"

Lilia smiled, "No, I'm not. I might even be the only sane person in the world. I could be the only one who isn't living in a dreamland of fake ambitions." She swung the dragon in her hand as a weapon, killing the one she was talking with immediately.

The dragons roared, charging at her like crazed wolves. "If magic can't make it happen, you're probably using it wrong." Click! she flicked her finger, and all the dragons got forced into their humanoid form.

The dragons stared at their hands, terrified. What did this crazy woman do to them?

"I only believe in myself. This whole world shall know. That magic is the supreme force of the world." Lilia said, walking with a smile as she remembered her past.

...

"Move away. It's going to explode!" A man screamed at a little red-haired half elf half halfling. Lilia smiled, with both her hands and feet chained, and walked toward the rumbling scroll.

"This expedition is a failure. Leave the slave to her death." He turned to run away. The scroll was the eight-tier spell [Elemental burst: Forceblast]

----------

<Name: Lilia Bodhimicah><Race: Half-elf Half-halfling><Level: 2/20<Exp: 20/900>

<HP: 6><MP: 2><SP: 3>

<Strength: 8><Dexterity: 12><Constitution: 11>

<Intelligence: 16><Wisdom: 12><Charisma: 14>

----------

"I don't even have the mana to use the first-tier spell. Could I survive this?" Lilia stared at her death, and she smiled and started laughing. "I'm going to die, splatter like a rotten tomato."

The slaver stopped a fair distance away, looking at her laughing. "Did she lose her mind?"

Lilia stared at the scroll that was about to explode, "I'm a worthless being, I never amounted to much, and I will never. And not just me; everyone amounts to nothing." She smiled, "I feel stupid being angry at being a slave, and now that I thought about it, it doesn't matter."

Lilia looked at the scroll, "You are worthless as well. I'm going to die, and you as well." The scroll will explode and die, and Lilia will die in the scroll's explosion.

Thud! She grabbed the scroll with her hand, "Choose, we die together or work together."

<MP: 2><MP: 1><MP: 0><MP: -1><MP: -2><MP: -12><MP: -45><MP: ##>

CRACKLE! KABOOM! The scroll seemed to explode, cracking the ground.

The slaver covered his eyes to protect them from the dust. When everything settled, he stared down.

Lilia stood there with the scroll in her hand, "We're both alive. What a bummer." Lilia giggled.

"You slave, give that scroll to me!" The slaver rushed in, yelling. He ordered her with the slave contract. The magic cast on her should force her to obey.

Lilia just stared at him, "I don't feel like giving to you. After all, you looked like a swollen pig." she started laughing maniacally.

The slaves got a weird feeling from her. Something was off about her now. "Bitch did you lose your mind. I told you to give me the scroll." He smacked her in the face with his cane.

She fell to the ground, missing a tooth and her cheek skin torn off. "Awe! That hurt, as if I got smacked by a wild boar." she started giggling again, and the slaver got afraid, taking a few steps back.

Lilia stood, keeping her hand on her cheek. "Couldn't you slap me instead? You know teeth don't grow back?" She glared at him.

"Shut up! I told you to give me the scroll!" The magic didn't work on her, "Why isn't it working? Why is the magic not working?" He cried.

Lilia stared at him with a puzzled face, "magic? You know that doesn't exist, right?"

"Ha?" he stared at her with a blank face.

"Why should I listen to you if you enslaved me with a contract? Why should canting cause fire to emerge? Nothing makes sense. Magic shouldn't exist." She smiled, "Why can't you cast magic without mana? Mana is everywhere, right?"

"What nonsense are you spotting?" He cried.

"I'm saying that magic doesn't exist. Spells aren't real. But mana is; it listens and acts upon our will." Lilia lifted her hand. Her slave contract burned, and the link between her and the slaver got severed as the mana forming it crumbled.

As if immediately, mana gathered in front of her, "I can kill you, but I won't." She closed her fist with a smile.

She walked toward the slaver giggling, patting his head with her hand. "Thanks for everything, pig. Don't forget to visit me later. Hold up; I don't have a home." She remembered and faced the slaver, "Can I borrow some money?"

He immediately grabbed his staff to hit her again. His cane stopped mid-air, and Lilia stared at him. "Why do I ask? I can kill you and take everything!" she got a brilliant idea.

Slowly, she lifted her foot and laid it on the slaver's face, CRACK! Smashing his head to the ground with a burst of mana as if it was an egg.