Thud! Lilia landed in front of the elvish capital, smiling. She looked at the glass bottle in her hand, filled with tiny orbs of light. "Welcome to my lab. I hope you like the place." she smiled.

VAN! She sensed it, quickly looking into the distance. "He's here." She could feel Cain landing on the dark elves' shore.

CLICK! "Lilia, did you sense that?" Sylph landed beside her with a big smile. "I did."

"Should I go get him now? With him here, I can turn the war around." Sylph said with a massive smile.

"That's none of my business. The winner doesn't matter to me." Lilia replied.

Sylph stared at Lilia. She was right. Lilia is now with the elves, but if the dragons won, they would still support her research.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"You're someone both sides know they can't win against." Sylph sighed, "Say, how much will it take to have you to the dragon's den and kill the king?"

Lilia shook her head, "The dragons are distracting the gods. Give me Mystra's head, and I will do it. That kid Cain is giving me that price. That's why I'm moving with his plan."

...

The ship finally could spot the continent. Charlotte looked down toward the sailors and screamed, "Get ready! I spotted the land."

"How much do we have?" Jack shouted back.

"I say a couple of hours. I will keep an eye for any rocks on the way." She replied, getting ready to scan the way to the shore for any place to dock.

Cain looked into the distance crossing his eyebrows, "That's the wood elves' shore. We're going to the dark elves first."

Sofia looked at him, "Did we get the direction wrong?"

"I'm sure the map says this is the dark elves' shore," Charlotte said from the crow nest.

"Come on. I thought you, red hair pirates, out of all people, should know it." Cain looked up at her.

"If it's something I don't know, then enlighten me. I don't have mother's experience, but I know my way around the sea." She replied with a confident face. Cain might be a great mage, but she should know more about the sea.

"Dark elves, no, we should call them drow. Sometimes they can get offended by being called dark elves. They live underground. Their kingdom is located directly under the wood elves. That's why they appear at the same spot on the map." Cain explained, pointing with his finger into the sea. When everyone looked, a small whirlpool twirled where he was pointing.

"Don't tell me." Charlotte gasped.

"That's the entrance to the drow kingdom. Everyone, including the sailors, hide inside the mansion." Cain shouted as he walked toward the wheel. "Jack, leave the wheel to me and go hide."

Jack smiled, "Don't break my baby. She is precious."

Sofia, Selena, and Farryn, out of all people, approached him, "We want to watch."

Cain smiled, "Everyone can watch through my magic, get inside. It's going to get quite dangerous."

As soon as everyone hid inside, Cain lifted his hand, "Time to set sail. I wish I had a sick bag." [Prismatic Dome] [Prismatic Dome] [Water Control] [Telekinesis]

Usually, the drows have special build ships that can turn into a cocoon and skin down. But since Jack's Ship is a traditional one. He has to compensate with magic.

CRACKLE! the whirlpool expanded as the ship got closer, and Cain smiled, "Time to take a dip."

BAM! A massive hole opened, and the ship quickly circulated toward the center. GRRRROW! The wood growled as Cain held the wheel tight, his magic blocked the waves, but it didn't slow the ship down.

[Arcane Eye]

"Look at this. Isn't it a bit scary?" Cain said as he sent the image to everyone inside the mansion.

One thing was clear, if anyone stood on deck, they would get thrown off the ship. Jack's pirate ship couldn't survive such a thing.

After a few minutes of shaking and rumbling, the arcane eye stopped sending them images. The whole mansion rumbled, which wasn't supposed to happen.

"Cain controls this place. Something must have happened to him." Sofia shouted as she rushed to punch the door. BANG! BANG! As she started to hit Harder, the door still refused to open.

"Cain!" I know you can hear us. Say something!" She shouted, but there was no reply.

"Let me try," Chad approached the door and punched it, but nothing happened.

"The mansion is still on. Cain is alive, don't panic." Alice approached them.

"It might be the case, for now, he isn't responding, and that's concerning."

CLACK! Gracie approached, "I will get us out. Get ready."

With a stomp, the whole place got covered in shadows.

Everyone got teleported to the outside, where their eyes opened wide. Blood covered the whole place with spider corpses and severed tentacles.

In that brief moment, a fight happened here. Jack rushed to look around the ship. Stone spikes, murky water, and floating spider corpses, the area around them looked horrid. But in the distance, he could see the purple glow of a city.

As he was looking, Screech! A spider climbed the ship and leaped back. Kayden approached the spiders and unsheathed his sword. "I don't sense Cain around. Can you tell if one of those things ate him?"

"The barrier is still on. Cain must be alive." Alice replied. Her link with him wasn't severed, but she couldn't teleport to him.

Kayden snorted, "He is either dead or too far away that I can't sense him."

"He could have stayed at the surface-nya," Selena suggested, but Kayden shook his head.

"I would have still sensed him." He stared at the giant spiders climbing the ship, "Let's deal with those first."

Thud! he rushed ahead, swinging his sword at the spiders. CLANG! The spider deflected his slash with one of its arms and went for a bite.

"Tough!" To his surprise, those things are powerful. Kayden immediately grew another pair of arms, [Demon Blade: Severing] With a precise slash, he sliced the spide's head off.

BANG! Sofia punched one of the spiders approaching her hard enough to shake the ship. The spider died, but its body was still in one piece. That was terrifying.

A fight started. Everyone rushed to kill the spiders. Chad tried pinching them, but they were tough, so he broke their legs. Farryn seemed to fight them well enough, only aiming for the joins in their exoskeleton.

Selena got disgusted enough not to go for the heads, but she started mimicking Chad and snapping their legs. Gracie followed Faryn going from the joints.

Hati, Mary and Nemmoxon had another plan, and they started blasting the spider away from the ship. Nemmoxon used her force breath, while Mary and Hati just threw the spider with sheer force.

Zaleria had her unique way of dealing with them. It was sticking her arm in their mouth or silk hole and then burning them from the inside.

As the fight continued, the spiders didn't seem to stop coming, and even Chad got concerned they might get exhausted before the monsters ended.

CLACK! At that moment, something flashed. Swosh! A dark elf woman holding a bright blue sword rushed in. ZAN! She sliced through the spiders as if they are made of butter. Behind her is a squad of fully armed dark elf knights.