Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chad immediately recognized her, "Cain? No, you're not him; you are..."

The dark elf woman stared at them and then looked at the dead spiders. Her eyes immediately shifted toward Sofia.

"An Avatar of Tiamat? No, Retreat!" She screamed, and all the dark elves leaped away, keeping their distance from Sofia.

"Why are you running? Who are you?" Chad yelled at her.

"Same to you. Why is Tiamat here? Was she the one fighting with Lolth's avatar?" The woman yelled. Chad wasn't happy as she didn't respond. He immediately grabbed a barrel full of water and tossed it at her. CLING! The woman immediately shredded it.

"We don't know anything about lolth's avatar. All we know is that my son has disappeared." Chad replied.

"My Name is Eilistraee, the strongest of Eilistraee's sword maidens and the current ruler of the drow. We sensed Lolth's avatar around here, so we came rushing. Such a thing didn't happen in the last century." Eilistraee replied, looking around. She could see traces of a big battle.

The blood scattered around, and the Kraken-like tentacles didn't belong to the avatar. But Eilistaee could see some severed fangs, arms, and webbing of the avatar floating in the water.Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Whoever fought the avatar did more damage than she could do.

"It's your son who did this? Is he strong? You said his name was Cain?" She replied.

"Cain Lisworth, he's quite strong. I can't imagine him losing, let alone getting kidnapped in such a short time." Chad replied.

"Cain Lisworth? Is that the name of the great enchanter that is supposed to be heading to the elvish capital? To Sylph?" She asked.

Alice took a step forward, "Sylph? Do you know her? We were heading toward her."

Eilistraee stared at her, "You shut up. I don't trust the word of devils."

Ariel approached, "This won't get us anywhere. Let me talk with her."

Eilistraee stared at Ariel, "Why is an angel of Chauntea, I presume? On the same boat with a devil, a demon, Tiamat in the flesh (You're supposed to be dead), a Rakshasa, a Fenrir, a Succubus with another devil in her shadow, a red dragon, a bronze dragon, a steel dragon (That's rare), and a few humans?"

Ariel looked behind her. She had never thought about it. "Cain likes diversity, but let's get on our subject. Do you know what happened to Cain?"

"He must have fought Lolth's avatar, and by what I see, he must have been taken by her," Eilistaee replied.

"Queen of the drow!" Farryn shouted from the back. Eilistraee stared at her for a few moments, "Aren't you that one serving Sylph?"

"She sent me to support Cain. He's a crucial person. We must find him and make sure he is safe." Farryn walked to Ariel's side, and Eilistraee nodded.

"Lolth's must have taken him to the demon web, her domain in the abyss. Reaching him will be tricky." Eilistraee said, sheathing her sword, "Lolth is cruel, evil, and misleading. I doubt he will survive long." She said.

"He will. His magic is still standing." Gracie said, staring at the spider corpses.

Eilistraee looked at her, "We don't have time. Let's head toward the castle to prepare." She said, and the drow warriors behind her leaped into action, cleaning the ship and getting ready to sail again.

Sofia approached Eilistraee, "Do you know how to get into the demon web?"

Eilistraee glared at her, "Don't even think about it. I'm not in the place to tell a god what to do. But you're divine rank ten, and she is fifteen. You will die facing her."

"Even if I can't defeat alone, as long as I find Cain, we both can take her down. My flames will burn the demon web to the ground while he shall finish her." Sofia growled, flames gushing from her nose.

Eilistraee could sense the monster rumbling inside her. Tiamat isn't joking.

"I doubt he is alive due to his strength. Lolth must have kept him alive for her purposes." Eilistraee growled.

One of the knights approached her, "You're highness, aren't you saying her name too much?"

"Worry not. The spider queen can't hear us while I have my blade."

After making sure the ship was ready, they sailed through the massive cavern until they reached the drow harbor. In the meantime, Eilistraee explained how things work around there.

The drow society has two factions: Lolth's and Eilistraee's factions. Both of them worship their respective goddess.

Lolth is the oldest drow goddess. Her portfolio revolves around the drow and spiders. Upon the eons, she has gotten countless nicknames.

Queen of spiders. Be wary of spiders, as she can control them at will. All spiders spotted within the city are to be killed. They are spies for the queen.

​ Demon queen of spiders. In her domain, she constantly mates with the horrid monstrosities and devils she captures in the abyss, resulting in the birth of demon spiders that she can control at will. (The spider boss Cain and the girls faced in Ourals mine dungeon was a weak demon spider.)

Queen of the demon web pit. That is the domain she rules over and where the avatar must have taken Cain.

Queen of darkness. She always lurks in the dark and watches. Always carry a light, or spiders will swarm you.

Dark mother. Whenever a drow is born without the symbol of Eilistraee close, Lolth will attempt to send a spider to the baby.

Mother of lusts. Because of her constant affair with devils and demons and her spawns. Lolth can sometimes take the shape of a regular drow woman and seduce someone. If a drow woman approached you without warning, you're probably dealing with Lolth.

The lady of chaos. All of her actions are chaotic, only aiming for havoc. Don't expect her to care about her servant when fighting.

The lady of shadows. She lurks in the shadows and can move through them like a shadow mage.

The mistress of lies. She lies a lot. Most of her words are lies, only meant for manipulation and control. Trusting the spider queen is like writing on air, meaningless.

Weaver of destiny. In her demon web, she has countless planes and demi-planes filled with slaves living there. Whole continents of enslaved believers empowered her with their prayers. Their destiny is in her hands.

Weaver of webs. She is the one who weaved the demon web pit. Her domain is larger than the mortal world in size.

The weaver. With her weaving the demon web. Underestimating her weaving skills is a grave mistake.

Fleshcarver. She fights with webs, whips, and a synth made of her severed arms, carving the flesh of anyone she faces.

Spider bitch. She is petty, going to great lengths and ordeal only to screw someone over, even a little bit. In the past, she kept getting her former husband, Corellon Larethian, into fighting Gruumsh, the god of the orcs. Later, Corellon Larethian discovered that it was her making him fight Gruumsh, and on top of that, she was having affairs with Gruumsh behind his back. Naturally, he kicked her out of his heavenly domain, which is located at the top of Yggdrasil, but she then took a group of elves and made them try burning the world tree.

And there is Eilistraee's (The goddess) faction, the one Eilistraee is following.