Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Walking across the bustling city, Chad noticed other races walking around. Dwarfs, demons, intelligent goblins, gnolls, and even a mind flayer. All of this caused him to get alerted, covering his fists in divine energy, ready to strike.

"I only see thieves, slavers, and hired killers around here. I doubt you're better than Lolth." Chad said, unable to trust the person running this place.

Eilistraee stared back at him, "Each race has its trade. This city, kingdom, is a safe oasis for all sorts of criminals as long as they don't break the minimal rules of morality agreed upon by the other races."

Farryn approached Chad, "Assassins here only work through verified contracts, the thieves specialize in retrieving stolen items, and the slavers only deal with dangerous individuals that countries find difficult to sell."

"That still isn't right," Chad replied.

"Don't waste your time with him. Some people can't understand." Eilistraee replied.

As they walked across the city, Gracie and Sofia suddenly felt a sudden pressure of magic. It was cold, sharp, heavy, and tasted like rusted iron in their mouths. The two looked around them, searching for the source, but it quickly disappeared.

From a distant food stall, a young drow kid with two toy wooden daggers on his back glared at them with glowing purple eyes. The moment they blinked, he disappeared.

"What is wrong with you two? Let's hurry." Eilistraee asked with a puzzled face seeing the two of them suddenly stop.

Sofia looked at her, still keeping her senses alerted, "For a moment, I sensed a dragon. His aura was muddled. I couldn't sense his color, as if he had none."

Gracie looked at her shadows, "I got a creepy feeling, like a knife drawn to my neck."

Eilistraee looked around, "I don't know, I felt nothing. Aren't you two being a bit too stiff?" She smiled, "This place might be full of criminals, but no one will attack you. They have a limited amount of mutual respect."

Zaleria looked back, "You said respect? They better keep it up."

Eilistraee giggled, "A threat from a red dragon. I will keep it in mind."

Chad approached Eilistraee with Alice and Mary, "The important matter is how do we get Cain." Chad said, and Alice added behind, "I don't think we have time to waste here walking." Mary also smiled, "I don't want to get the metallic dragons involved if possible so let's hurry."

Bahamut, the metallic dragon's god, is old and slowly dying since the death of his sister Tiamat. But even at his peak, he was only a divine-rank 10. Lolth, on the other hand, is at divine-rank 15, but most of the time, she is at divine rank 16 because of all the sacrifices that her priestess performs.

Eilistraee smiled, "We will bait the avatar out and then use him to travel to the demon web. We snatch Cain and run away immediately before she catches us."

"How do we bait it?" Gracie asked, and Farryn looked at her, "Lolth hate her spiders getting killed. We probably have to collect them."

Selena looked at them, "So we hunt spiders-nya? That would take a long time-nya."

"The Rakshasa is right. We can't use that plan." Elistraee replied.

"Then how? Do we wait for her to attack again?" Hati growled, "(Where do her people live? I will collapse the cave system on her whole civilization)" Skoll growled.

Eilistraee looked back, surprised, "Who are you? But you're right. I have a massive delivery of exploding black powder that got stuck in one of the cave systems. Retrieve it for me, and I will use it to blast Lolth's capital."

"So we're going to get explosive for you?" Kayden sighed. He wasn't excited about a job that didn't involve swinging his sword.Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

...

The demon web pit; Imagine a spider web, each crossing of the threads is another small web and repeats hundreds of times. When you reach the end, each conjunction of the web contains a cocoon engulfing a whole demi-plane where a civilization of slaves live and prays to the spider queen.

Now in a desolate demi-plane divided of life and fully covered with sticky thread, a country-sized spider web. In the middle of it, Lolth kept Cain at the heart of the demon web, rapidly absorbing his MP so he shall never wake from his slumber.

The massive spider slowly crept to him, giggling, "To think you would protect them; what so important about those mortals to you?" She circulated, admiring him. "I knew that if I aimed at them. You will take the hit."

In her fight against Cain, Lolth attempted to suck the mansion to her demon web. Cain protected the girls but ended up sucked into the demon web. The goddess wasted no time tying him to her web, using the vast realms she rules as a sponge to keep his MP drained to nothing.

"You shredded my avatar nicely, but the MP I get from you will be enough to fix her."

An evil grin crossed the goddess's horrid face, "Elder blood, it's not as concentrated as him but at least usable to us gods. So how should I use you?"

In a cocoon of webs, she transformed into a humanoid form, taking the shape of a beautiful drow woman, slowly walking across the web to Cain. "I can eat you whole, slowly sip on your blood, mate with you to create a divine child, mind wash you to create a powerful weapon, study your body to uncover the arcane secrets of your blood. What should I do?" she started wiggling.

"Let's start with mating. That should be the safest thing for your body. I don't want to ruin your blood yet." She grinned, slowly taking Cain's clothes off.

But, to her surprise, even after half a day of trying and using all of her magic. She wasn't able to get him up. "What is wrong with him? I never seen someone like this?" The goddess growled in frustration. "Can't he get it up unless he is awake? I can't do that."

Lolth was imprisoning Cain, but that was only possible while he was unconscious due to the lack of MP and her deadly poison. If he were to wake up, he could potentially burn the web before she could stop him.

Lolth stared at Cain, frustrated, grinding her teeth. The elder blood is within her web, yet she can't grab it.

After a moment of hesitation, She shifted back to her half-spider form. "Wait for a moment."

She headed toward the nearest demi-plane and entered it. Inside the plane, a whole kingdom of enslaved succubi stared up as Lolth emerged from the sky.

All the succubi there were but cursed Cubus. They are stuck in their succubus form since birth, as the queen of spiders wished.

Everyone halted their looms, shaking in fear. Did Lolth come to feast early this time?

CLANG! Lolth landed in the middle of the plane. The succubus queen prostrated herself in front of the spider queen. "Your majesty, have a nice meal." Behind her, tens of the most beautiful succubi lined up as a sacrifice for Lolth.

Lolth glared at her, stepping on her head. "Don't assume my intentions, slave. I have a task for you."

Behind lolth, a small cocoon emerged with Cain inside.