Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

After an hour, the girls have settled with Eilistraee to plan for Cain's rescue. But as they waited, Kayden and Chad each took their ways and started exploring the city of Vlyn'darastyl.

Chad looked around him. The streets were bustling, buzzing with life. Even with how grim it looked, everyone smiled. Showing weakness here is a deadly mistake.

Thud! He stepped on the stone road, looking to the side at the wooden stall selling fresh fish. The fish looked nice, but he could see small incisions at the fish's side. 'Smuggling, trying to poison someone? I can't trust anyone here.'

"Hey sir, you there!" A dwarf called him. Chad turned to the side, and the old dwarf had his beard at his knees, his face sweating like he just took a bath.

"A stumpy alcoholic? Sorry but I don't need a weapon right now." Chad replied, turning around to search for clues.

"Come on, man. At least look at my wares. I bet you'll find something decent." The dwarf called him again, and Chad looked a bit surprised.

"You dwarfs usually get furious when called a stumpy alcoholic. I don't want to talk to you if I said that." Chad replied. He was intentionally trying to get the dwarf off his back.

"What's the problem? People lie here all day, and you tell the truth. We dwarfs are stumpy and hopeless alcoholics; I, for once, haven't drank water in fifteen years, only beer." The dwarf patted his chest, smiling.

Chad slowly approached the shop. He can sense no malice from the old guy. "Fine old man, but I don't think you have a weapon for me."

The dwarf smiled, "Don't underestimate us. We, dwarves, know our craft. Better than those skinny elves." The dwarf smiled, showing his wares to Chad.

Swords, bows, greatswords, warhammers, axes, battleaxes, halberds, and maces, everything you could imagine emerged from the dwarf's shop.

"What do you think?" The dwarf asked with a confident smile.

Chad inspected the weapons, all steel, softer than his skin. "None is good, all too soft. With all respect, old man, this collection is an insult to dwarven craftsmanship."

The dwarf nodded, "I was right about you. Your eyes are sharp. Those aren't my weapons, those are second-hand, but items I'm reselling." The dwarf said with a sad face, looking down and remembering the old days.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

The dwarf then stood, turned around pushed the veil covering the door to the shops inside.

"See, this is my forge. It didn't see a fire in the last year. The adamantine mine to the north; Monsters have invaded it. I have no metal to work with." He stared at the cold ash, rusting tools, and cracking walls.

"Eilistraee's maidens are busy dealing with Lolth's ever-growing attacks. They can't spare time to rescue the mine of a single old dwarf. You look strong." As the dwarf turned around, Chad was already halfway down the street.

"Hold up, where are you going?" The dwarf shouted.

"I have no time to save your mine, be a man and do it yourself." Chad turned around, "I have a son to save." Chad kept walking.

The dwarf stared at him, "The mine is north behind the finger-looking rock," He shouted as Chad faded into the distance.

Chad kept looking around for an hour around the city, unable to find any traces of Cain or spiders.

'Don't wander alone into the darkness.' Chad remembered Eilistraee's words, and he stared north.

'I have no other destination.' Chad decided to check the mine. He hoped that Lolth's minions or avatars appear.

Chad walked slowly, keeping an eye on the area around him as he crossed the streets, any spider could be a clue, but he saw none. Till he reached the mine, his eyes never stopped darting around.

Standing in front of the dark cavern, he could feel the dreadful magic.

Thud! Thud! Thud! He slowly walked into the darkness, and each step felt heavier. Squish! He felt something strange. As if he stomped on a human hand, he knew it was starting.

A cold feeling ran down his ears, arms, and back. Something licked him. Chad took a step, the strange feeling again, but this time it was like stepping on something soft and bouncy.

"AHH!"

He immediately channeled some divine energy into his arms, causing them to glow just enough for him to blink. At that moment, the room seemed full of naked dark elves women. Chad was walking on them as they licked his legs and arms, caressing his whole body.

Crackle, in the second flash, all those women have turned into black spiders, surrounding Chad with deathly stares.

Chad's light faded, and only his eyes glowed in mesmerizing golden light.

BAM! A loud blast sound boomed from the mine.

...

At the same time Chad went out to search for Cain, Kayden also went to the city.

Kayden walked the city mesmerized. It looked fantastic. This place he has never seen something like it in his life. How could such a place even exist?

Kayden's eyes darted left and right, watching the beautiful, countless black doges populating the streets.

As he looked left, he saw a massive, fluffy, obsidian-colored Newfoundland dog. He stared at him for a while and then took a step forward, patting the impressive beast.

At the same time, a dark elf mafia boss was sitting in a pub waiting for the goods dealer to arrive. The boss sipped on his wine, enjoying the peace of his territory.

"Hey, boss, that man is giving you a weird look." One of his guards said, looking behind at Kayden, glaring at them with glowing eyes.

"Admiring my supreme existence, common fold around here admire's power. Let the man be. He might join our ranks." The boss said with a large, smug smile.

"Boss, he is approaching. Should we strike him down?"

"Now, he's coming to show his loyalty." The boss said, turning to face Kayden. "Want to join our ranks? Your clothes look strange."

With a massive smile, Kayden put his hand on the boss's head, ruffling his hair. "Aren't you a big, fat ball of fluffy dog fur?"

Everyone froze in place, unable to believe what was happening.

Kayden started patting the boss's cheek and ears, "Look at you, such a majestic beast. I would take you home, but sadly I have a pet."

"You insolent bastard!" The boss shouted, pulling his sword and swinging it at Kayden.

Kayden saw the dog get irritated, swinging its paw at him. CLANG! With his bare hands, Kayden grabbed the dog's paw.

As the boss stared in horror, Kayden's naked palm caught his sword. "Your claws are too long and sharp. Don't you have an owner to clip them for you?" Kayden smiled.

CLING! Without anyone even noticing, Kayden pulled his sword and slashed the boss's sword.

After having his fun, Kayden left, having humiliated a whole mafia gang. And from the shadows of the pub, a dark elf woman watched, trailing behind him.

As Kayden moved a fair distance away, the woman approached him. "Hey, you. Care to listen for a moment?"

Kayden turned around, and the woman smiled from ear to ear.