Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"Hey, you. Care to listen for a moment?"

Kayden stared at her, his eyes flashing. "Listen to what?"

The woman smiled, gently touching his shoulder. "A private dance and a song." She approached him, "I can even throw a service in there."

After lightly kissing his cheek, she turned around to guide him.

"AH!" She stopped, feeling a sharp pain eat her chest. As she looked down, Kayden's blade passed through her chest.

"BLUH!" She vomited blood, her shaking hand slowly approaching the blade.

"The elf said to be careful. I don't play with spiders." BAM! Kayden kicked her body to the ground.

Everyone in the street was in shock. A murder happened in the middle of the workday. Half of the people backed away, and half started looking for Eilistraee's maidens for help.

As the woman's body twitched on the ground, her face twisted, and her body morphed, changing into a human-sized black widow spider. It was then that everyone realized it.

The crowd gasped, staring at Kayden lifting his blade, swinging it to get the blood out, and then sheathing it.

Thud! Thud! He slowly approached the spider, "To think you attacked so quickly, I was getting bored." Kayden grabbed the spider from one of its legs and started dragging it.

As he walked across the street, heading toward Eilistraee's castle. Two maidens leaped from a building. "We're Eilistraee's maidens; when did the spider attack, and how many got injured?"

"The spider didn't attack, I attacked her first, and only she is injured." He said, almost ignoring them as he walked.

[The demon is dangerous, don't play too close to him.] Those are Eilistraee's words after hearing about Kayden from Sofia. Kayden's actions are unpredictable; he doesn't care and will act upon instinct.

The two maidens followed him silently. They can't tell him to leave the spider with them, as he might attack them.

...

In the cave, BAM! Chad grabbed one spider and punched its head with [Divine smite: Banishment]

Hundreds of tiny spiders crawled on his legs. BAM! Chad's whole body flashed with a bright light, blasting the monsters into mush.

With the flash of light, Chad saw the spiders around him weaving a web, aiming to trap him. THUD! He leaped toward them, and BAM! He then kicked a spider to the wall. [Divine smite: Banishment]

That spider hit the wall and stood back up, "His attacks are weak. We can defeat him." It growled.

Hearing her, Chad waved his arms, getting into a stance. "You think my attacks are weak? You're dumber than I expected."

From behind Chad, a spider morphed back into her dark elf form and tried to grapple him. She grabbed him from the back, tightening her grip on his neck.

Chad turned his arm behind his back, grabbing the woman by the hair. VAM! He pulled her with extreme force, BAM! and smacked her body on the ground.

"You have a better chance asking me to stay but then trying to force me to stay put." BAM! He stomped her face, knocking her out. [Divine smite: Banishment]

As the spiders rushed him again, his eye flashed with divine light. [Divine smite: Banishment]

He grabbed a spider by the arms, smacking her onto the others, and then kicked another. When they turned into their dark elf form, he grabbed one by the hand and punched her in the face.

Thud! Chad didn't stop. When the spiders attacked him, he beat them back to the ground with his Divine smite.

After about half an hour, the fight was over.

Chad slowly walked toward the, closing it. He then turned around and dragged a wooden box to sit on. His body started glowing with golden light and slightly illuminated the large room, revealing tens of naked, beaten, growling dark elf women and spiders.

"Say, how do you feel?" Chad asked as his light slightly illuminated them.

"Human, Lolth will punish you." One of them growled, looking around her, and she realized something unbelievable. Chad didn't kill a single one, only beat the hell out of them.

"Lolth? I do wish she comes to punish me." Chad replied with a smile, "Because then I can beat till she gives my son back."

"Insignificant dream that mortals can never achieve, kill us, will get nothing from us." She growled.

"I wonder about that. Do you still feel Lolth?" Chad asked, glaring directly at them.

It was then that the spiders realized it. The horror, the absolute monster they faced.

They couldn't sense Lolth, and how could they? Chad's [Divine smite: Banishment] is supposed to send them back to Lolth's realm and banish them from the mortal world. And yet, here they are.

"I can't sense her. What did you do, mortal?" The spider screamed, everyone else panicking. It was a first in their life. Lolth isn't by their side.

Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

The horrifying thing was just after that feeling faded, they could feel another presence, and it was none other than Chad himself.

"I used my [Divine smite: Banishment] to smash the link between you and Lolth. I then recreated an incident that happened with one of my friends." Chad said with a smile.

The spiders glared at him, speaking from the light to those who crawl in the dark.

Chad stood up, approached one of the spiders, and glared down at her. "Turn into a humanoid."

The spider silently shifted into her dark elf form, standing in front of Chad while shaking.

Chad grabbed her by the neck, lifting her, "Why don't you attack? Why do you obey my orders?"

"I can't disobey them. We were servants connected to Lolth, and now we're linked to you instead." She replied, and Chad smiled. The experiment worked.

It was the same with Ariel, who linked to him instead of Chauntea.

Ariel might seem harsh, sometimes, and uncooperative. But in reality, she can't reject Chad's orders.

"Ariel," Chad spoke.

BAM! From behind him, Ariel instantly appeared from thin air. In her angel form, she immediately kneeled.

"Take those under you, and beat them into submission. I want every bit of information they know about Lolth, the avatar, the demon web, and Cain's location." Chad said and then stared at the spiders, "Into your humanoid form. I don't want to see you as spiders outside of combat."

With his words, all the spiders took on their dark elf form.

Ariel approached them, a golden light dripping from her palm, BAM! A golden chain flashed ahead and chained all the women.

"69 ones. A nice collection." Ariel said, looking at Chad.

"You know you can act normally," Chad asked, and Ariel smiled.

"Come on, you know how we angels feel." she approached him with a smile. "We're but mere dolls, weapons of mass destruction in the hands of gods. But I alone, I'm a doll in your hands." She replied, spreading her wing behind his back.

"Do what pleases you. I don't care as long as it gets the job done." Chad replied, and Ariel grinned, caressing his chest with her hands.

"The dragon maid we left at the capital. Can I get her back?" Ariel looked at him and then at the women in the back, "It's you, then me, then her, and then those spiders. She should work as well."