Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"How long will it take you?" Lolth yelled from above the succubus castle.

The succubi down in the garden stared up at her. They still aren't able to get Cain to stand.

"His body doesn't seem to react to us. He seems to tolerate a toxin far denser than ours." Cubus doesn't have a toxin, but those who have specialized can. When a Cubus choose to spend the rest of its line as an incubus, for example, it will start developing a dangerous aphrodisiac toxin that works perfectly on women and decently on men.

The succubi here have all specialized as succubi. The spider queen has cursed them, so they can't change into Cubus or incubus.

Lolth leaped and landed between the crowds naked in her dark elf form. CRACK! She immediately grabbed one of the succubi by the neck.

"What do you mean?" She growled.

"This man has subdued a succubus far more powerful than us. Our aphrodisiac can't reach hers." One of the succubi replied with a scared face.

"Can't we get him to wake up? Then we can combine our charm to seduce him." Another succubus suggested.

"He stays asleep," Lolth growled at her. The succubus quickly closed her mouth and backed away.

Time was running away. She needs to get him back on the web. "Give him to me." Lolth immediately covered Cain in a cocoon of her web and lifted him to the sky. Two succubi got trapped in the cocoon with him.

"Please spare us!" They cried, thinking Lolth intended to kill them.

Lolth stared at them, "You have until I get him into the web. Get him up or be my meal after." Like a black widow, Lolth enjoyed eating her partners after mating. The succubus here are but a snake to her, a different taste from the horrid demons of the abyss.

On her way up, Lolth thought of a plan to get what she desired.

Lolth opened the cocoon when she reached the top. The two succubi fell and got stuck on the web, trembling in fear.

She gently tied Cain back to the web to keep his MP from regenerating.

"You two seem to have failed." She said with a grin, "But I admire your efforts."

The two succubi stared at her with puzzled faces.

"You take the front and you from the back. The one who gives me the most pleasure survives. And the other one is eating alive, slowly." Lolth growled with an evil smile.

The two succubi got released from the web, and they rushed toward her. Liking, since their life depends on it. The scary part about being eaten alive by Lolth is her poison.

Lolth can modify her poison at will, but the one she uses when eating is special. It had three dangerous effects.

[Paralyze] The target can't move.

[Pain sensitivity] Increase the target sensitivity to pain.

[Boost HP] Increase HP.

As she enjoyed herself, Lolth called her handmaidens. She is a god, and each god has them. The Yochlols are her angels, and ten of them appeared.

Their yellow, oozy bodies seemed to be constantly melting and piling back up like a sickening living candle.

Those eight armed beings wriggled around, glaring at the queen with their single, sinister, crimson-colored eye.

Lolth stared at them, "Take a humanoid shape. We have a lot of work to do."

The monsters changed their shape into beautiful maids, kneeling before the queen.

"Your orders." They said at the same time.

"See this man?" Lolth pointed toward the sleeping Cain. The Yochlols glared at him. "Even though I'm at divine rank 15, I can't risk him waking up here. What do you think?"

"Impossible. A mere mortal can't pose such a threat." They all replied at the same time.

"Oh, He is a threat. Even if I got some sacrifices and reached divine rank 16, It won't change anything." She said, looking at Cain with a smile.

"Then can't we just throw him out of the web and into the abyss?" One of the Yochlols suggested.

"He will wake up and fly back at us immediately. I also don't want to lose him." Lolth shook her head. BAM! She smacked the succubi, "Lick harder!"

"What do you want from him?"

"His child. He has the elder blood, and I want it."

"Elder blood? Do you mean AO's blood?" The Yochlols panicked, their faces twisting upon hearing the name of their previous master.

"I would have wanted to have his father, but sadly his blood is too concentrated to be used. It will instead consume me." Lolth sighed, "But what this man has is more usable,"

"How could AO's blood exist in the world?" One of the Yochlols gasped, "Could he still be out there?" Another said, BAM! Lolth immediately kicked her in the face.

"I'm your only god. Remember that." She growled, "Lick it."

The Yochlols who spoke crawled ahead and started licking Lolth's foot.

"What shall we do?" one of the Yochlols asked.

"I intend to get some of my priestess to sacrifice themselves. Such a ritual would boost me to divine rank 17 or even 18 with luck." Lolth said with a thinking face.

"But afterward, due to the lack of worship, you will drop to divine rank 13 or 12. We can't take such a risk." A Yochlols replied immediately.

"With the elder blood, I would bounce right back to divine rank 15. And after I regain my worshipers and priestess, I might even hit divine rank 19 with the higher gods." Lolth said with a smile, filled with an ancient lust for power.

"I can then get my revenge on Corellon Larethian. The bastard will be my slave for the rest of eternity." She started laughing, sinking into her dreams and fantasies.

Then it happened. For an instant, Lolth lost grip on Cain. The web didn't manage to absorb enough MP to keep him unconscious.

KA-BOOM! The whole place exploded. When the Yochlols woke up, their bodies had turned into minced meat. In the distance, Lolth stood with a missing eye and a hole in her stomach, Cain unconscious in her arms.

"What happened?" They gasped, immediately regenerating.

"He woke up. It was for a fraction of a second, but his consciousness returned. Damn it." She tied him back into the web, this time doubling his bindings.

"We couldn't react?" They gasped.

"No, look down at the succubi kingdom." Lolth opened a hole in the ground for them to look. The two succubi that were licking her had already died.

When the Yochlols stared down, they saw all the succubi laughing, licking the walls, and humping each other. "The moment he woke up, everyone drowned in madness. You idiots attacked me immediately." She growled.

The Yochlols couldn't believe their ears.

"This bastard is knocking on the doors of divinity, and he even has three worshipers." Lolth sighed, healing her body as if she was never injured.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

The Yochlols stood and approached her, staring at Cain. "I don't sense any divine power reaching. A mere three worshipers can't amount to anything." One of the Yochlols said with a worried voice.

"Exactly, I can already sense a portfolio from him." Lolth ground her teeth.

"A portfolio from a mortal?"

"Yes, Madness!" Loth approached Cain, "Cthulhu, the mad god, must never wake from his slumber, as when he does, the world will sink into madness."