Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Lolth swung her arm, creating tens of mirrors. Her spider spies were dying one after the other, squashed by Mauzzkyl Jaezred.

"No! No! No!" She cried, seeing all of her screens turn black. "Amaterasu? Tia!" She growled, unable to fathom what the divine rank 19 goddess thinks.

Lolth immediately closed her mirrors and directed her sense toward the divine realm. "Impossible! Talos killed Ashura?"

Ba-dump! Da-bump!

She heard something behind her, "He's awakening!" She immediately turned around, [Spider Storm] using her divine power. She conjured a rain of deadly spiders. A single bite is enough to kill a demon.

Splash! A wave of water washed them as the mass of tentacles morphed. "Say, Lolth. I'm willing to spare your life if you submit." A voice boomed.

Cthulhu rose from its slumber, glaring directly at the spider goddess.

"Heh! HAHAHAHAHA" She burst laughing, "I guess there is no other way with you."

Lolth smiled, staring at Cain.

"I started as a weak little spider stranded alone in a dungeon. I slowly climbed my way up, never giving up, never looking back." She growled.

"I will eat you whole. You and your domain belong to me now." Cain replied immediately.

Lolth went silent, "You know, it's been a long time since I felt this." She tore her arm, creating a massive white scythe.

"I was hunted all the time in the dungeon. Every monster and its mother wanted peace of my little spider flesh. Come on, try me." She smiled. "Let's forget the elegance of gods and fight like monsters. I, little spider Lolth shall survive again."

As the words escaped the spider goddess's lips, the whole web started shaking, and the entire plane rumbled. [Thread Manipulation]

In an instant, Cain's body got covered in a cocoon of steel-hard threads.

Thud! CLAP! Taking a stance in her half-spider form, she roared [Poision Creation: Level nine divine venom] Lolth filled the cocoon with a poison that broke divine energy which doesn't belong to her.Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

VAN! With a bright flash, the whole cocoon turned into a lump of iron. BANG! Cain punched a hole in the side and walked out.

*****

<Personal Name: Cain Lisworth>

<True Name: Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn>

<Divine Name: Cthulhu>

<Divine Rank: 5><Divine Nature: Demi-god>

<Portfolio: Horror, Insanity, Madness, Pain, Terror, spellcasting>

<Title: The Mad God, The old one, Hands of the Iron and Gold, The white mage of the apocalypse, The Mad soul, The world's abomination>

*****

"Trying to push me to divinity. Sadly it isn't that easy." Cain sighed, glaring at his hands, feeling the divine energy flowing in his veins. "But, it's better for me to stay as a demi-god. That allows me to walk the mortal world freely."

"What nonsense are you spitting?" Lolth growled at him.

"I'm saying that if I gained true divinity, controlling the madness seeping from my soul would be hard," Cain replied. ZON! He instantly disappeared and reappeared behind Lolth, sitting on her massive Spider back.

Lolth turned her head, looking at him, "I'm sure that bitch granted you enough divine energy to reach divine rank twelve at least. What did you do with the rest?"

Cain smiled, "Turned into a currency to empower my mortal body. I bet that's better than divinity for now."

*****

[The Enchanting System]

Soul fragment: 35000

[Divine Enchantment]: Enchant one stat permanently by one point. Use a thousand Enchanting stat points.

[Enchant divine weapon] Depends on the type of enchantment.

[Divine Alteration] Change the physical appearance of a thing or a person with divine energy. The cost depends on the changes.

[Increase Mana regeneration]: consume one soul fragment to increase PMR by 1, AMR by 2, and SMR by three permanently.

[Stat increase]: Enchant one stat temporarily by 1 for one minute. Use one Enchanting stat point.

[Permanently increase MP or HP or SP]: Permanently increase MP/HP/SP by 10 for one enchanting point.

[Empower spell]: Increase the power of a Spell by one tier; This won't use Enchanting points unless you are going for above ninth-tier

[Eldritch Gift] Use one Enchanting point to grant a first-level spell to a creature that serves you. The amount consumed is equivalent to the granted spell tier.

*****

"But I still need to create enchantments." He smiled.

VAM! Lolth immediately spun around, reaping Cain's head as if it was but a plant.

"You're all talks and no action." She said with a disappointed face.

Thud! Her arms fell on the ground, "What?" she stared at Cain's severed head.

"You're all action but no results." The head spoke. Tentacles extended from Cain's severed neck and reattached his head to the body.

"Is that all?" BAM! Lolth's arms regrew immediately.

Cain smiled, swinging his arms around with a smile. "This is only the warm-up. I don't was to fight seriously yet." He smiled, pretending to be cocky. But in reality, it was the opposite.

Cain's entire body was screaming in agony. He can't control divinity in an instant like this. 'Demi-gods usually spend years honing their souls and bodies to withstand divinity, don't expect me to get magically stronger by attaining it.' Cain thought.

Morena had a brilliant idea, 'Say, can you create an avatar?'

'I can,' Replied the first brain. 'But only one. I can't have more than that.' the second brain added.

'Then release me. I will buy you some time.' Morena suggested, and Cain smiled. She was right. With Avatars, he can release those who live inside him.

CLAP! Cain clapped his hands, [Create Undead] [Animate Dead] [True Polymorph]

Lolth leaped away immediately, "What are you doing?" she growled. "Do you think mere undead will stand a chance against a god?"

All gods can smite, which is the weakness of the undead. Even Cain should be able to use holy magic now.

"She isn't a normal undead. She's the creeping doom, Morena." Cain opened his arms, and a massive skeletal dragon appeared.

ROAR! As she roared, flesh covered her bones. In the blink of an eye, she had regained her draconic look.

"A black dracolich?" Lolth gasped.

BAM! Morena shifted into her humanoid form. Naked, she stood before Cain and bowed. "Thanks for releasing me. It feels refreshing to walk again."

Cain looked at her, from her tanned body to her freckle-filled face. She never changed at all. "We have to focus on Lolth," Cain said with a passive stare.

"As you order." She bowed and then turned to face Lolth.

"A mere dracolich stands no chance against a god." Lolth disappeared, appearing right behind Morena with a scythe swing.

"Ha?" Morena's quickly turned her head, Glaring at Lolth with a disgusted look.

CLANG! With her bare hands, Morena grabbed Lolth's Scythe. "You're getting weaker, aren't you?"

Morena was right. Lolth is slowly losing power as her churches are getting destroyed. She had already dropped to divine rank 15.

"You!" Lolth growled, swinging Scythe again and again. Morena blocked and punched Back.

"Morena is a part of me. She is a demi-god as well." Cain said, sitting on the side and watching them. He was using that time to get better control over his newfound power.

"Granting your power to a sentient entity, are you insane?" Lolth growled. Morena can attempt to steal control from Cain.

"You might think that, but she is quite submissive. I can trust her with such power." Cain replied.

"Foolish!" Lolth screamed. [Divine Severance] In an instant, she diced Morena into small cubes and appeared in front of Cain. "You shall die here."

Cain looked into her eyes with a smile, "You're even weaker. If you don't hurry, I will swallow in one bite." Cain could see her divine rank dropping.

She is a divine rank 13 now.