Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Sylph stared down at Lolth, "What are you doing?" She growled.

"Damn it!" Lolth cried, leaping away. She ran as fast as possible, only aiming to find a way out of Cain's head.

Thwack! A tree trunk smacked her to the ground, and the veins pulled her toward Sylph's throne.

"Let me go, queen of the elves!" Lolth screamed as loud as she could.

Sylph stared at her, "What are you doing here, queen of the spiders?" She dragged her closer to her, "Don't tell me. You're trying to lay your hand on my Cain?"

"Your Cain? What is your relationship with that man!" Lolth screamed, trying to gather her strength.

"It's no use to struggle here. This place is my and Cain's domain." Sylph smiled, "Lolth, oh, Lolth. You started as a pathetic spider, rose in power, attained divinity, married Corellon Larathian, the godfather of the elves, betrayed him for Gruumsh, the god of the orcs, got kicked from the elvish palace and finally found your nest in the abyss playing with succubi and the demons." Sylph grabbed Lolth by the face.

"Now tell me, what a bitch like you is doing around my Cain unchained?" Sylph's eyes started glowing red as she glared deep into her soul.

"Lady Sylph, who is that?" Amaya asked with a puzzled face.

Sylph stared at her, quickly shifting into a smile. "Amaya sweety, she is Lolth, the goddess of spiders. She is an untrustworthy woman. We need to be careful around her." She said with a gentle voice.

"Is she dangerous?"

"A lot. I won't trust her if she isn't fully enslaved and has a chain around her neck." Sylph replied, flying down with Lolth in her hand.

"Let me go!" Lolth growled.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Sylph glared at Lolth with red eyes, "Shut up!" Sylph growled, and a wooden spike grew from the ground.

STAB! The spike pierced Lolth from the crotch to the neck, killing her instantly.

Sylph threw the corpse on the ground, where it disintegrated, and then resurrected immediately.

Shaking, Lolth glared at Sylph, "What did you do?"

STAB! She killed her again in the same way. "This is a mental world. You will never die as long as I don't erase your soul."

"GAH!" Lolth revived again. The moment she saw Sylph, she growled, "You bitch!"

Sylph stared at her, "Wrong words." STAB! She killed her again.

Over and over, Sylph kept killing and riving Lolth until Amaya felt a bit sick.

"Lady Sylph, can you stop?" She asked with a worried face.

"Sorry, but I'm not as Soft as Cain. I don't care about what she feels or what her rights are. She is dangerous, and unless she is wagging her tail like a dog, I don't trust her." Sylph replied without stopping.

After a moment, Lolth finally gave up.

"Sorry, please forgive me." She said, shaking, "I will behave, please no more."

Thud! Slyph stepped on her head. "Thank you," Lolth cried.

"Good girl. Now tell me, what should I do with you?" Slyph smiled.

"Please enslave me. I don't want to suffer anymore." Lolth replied, half crying.

Sylph scratched her cheek, thinking, "I don't know the details, but you did give Cain a hard time. Care to tell me everything?"

"I learned of the elder blood. The one that Chad lisworth has. But his blood is too strong for me to handle, so I aimed for his son Cain." Lolth replied.

"Cain, you say?"

"Able's blood is too weak. He won't live much. Seth is with Moradin (Divine Rank 19), the soulforger and the godfather of the dwarfs." Lolth cried, "I only wanted a bit of the Elder's blood. With it, I might have gotten my revenge against Corellon."

"Why Can't you just go for Chad?" Sylph asked with a puzzled face.

"Chad's elder blood is too pure. It will consume us." Lolth's replied.

Sylph squatted down beside her head, Grabbing Lolth by the air. CRACK! She pulled her ear out.

"GRWAAAA!" Lolth rolled in agony, "Explain better, try to hold information, and you will suffer."

"I will speak, I will speak!" Lolth cried.

"Wait, come here so I can pull the second air first." Sylph waved her hand at her.

"But why?" Lolth cried.

"Objecting, are we?" Sylph flicked her finger, and Lolth's ear healed. "Come, I will pull them both out."

For a second, Lolth stared at Sylph's sinister smile, "Yes, mistress, please do what you want with me."

Lolth approaches Sylph slowly.

"Good girl," Sylph grabbed her by the ears and kissed her forehead, "I like you to be obedient like this all the time."

Lolth stared at her, terrified.

"I changed my mind," Sylph said, "I will keep pulling your ears over and over until I get bored. What do you say?"

"It will be my pleasure. Please use me to your heart's content."Lolth replied while shaking.

Sylph smiled. CRACK! She pulled both of loth ears at once. "I won't torture you anymore. Just tell me everything." Sylph said as Lolth writhed in agony.

"Lady Sylph, are you heartless?" Amaya asked.

"No, I'm not. It's just that I'm not playing games with this girl." Sylph smiled, healing Lolth's ears. Thud! She then stomped her head, "You aren't speaking."

"Chad has pure elder blood, and his whole body rages with divine energy similar to that of AO, the Overgod." Lolth looked Sylph in the face, "AO's divine energy is denser than all other gods. It consumes them. If I were to touch Chad without protection, I would get destroyed, and his divine energy will burn me."

"But only gods with a natural divine rank of 18 or higher can handle Chad. I heard of Chauntea and Mystra once trying to make a move at him, but the details are kept secret by the two." As Lolth was speaking, Sylph grabbed her ear and started rubbing it. "They look plump and ready for harvest," Sylph said with a smile.

Lolth froze in place, and Sylph started patting her head, "Listen, I know when someone is running in circles. First, make it for me, and then tell me how you intended to use Cain's blood, how useful it is." Slyph let go of Lolth's ear, gently tapping her cheek.

Lolth started at her, slowly crawling to her feet. She then started licking them. "Mistress, please forgive me."

Sylph stared at her, "I want to hear you cry. Do I have to spell it out to you?"

Lolth backed away and grabbed her ear, CRACK! "GRWAA!" she pulled it off and fell to the ground crying.

CLICK! Sylph immediately healed her, "Speak."

"His blood can turn us into concepts, integral beings to the function of the world. It's like death and life, natural forces. I don't know which one I might have attained, but I was hoping to get the threads of fate or the loom of destiny." Lolth sat down.

"But if we mate, I can bear a child, which might have such ability. Then it will be only a matter of extracting it." Lolth sighed, "But now I lost a lot of power. I doubt I can achieve such things." she looked at her hands, barely able to sustain herself as a demi-god.

"I heard enough," Sylph stood with a smile.

"I can go?"

Sylph immediately glared at her, "What is Cain to you?"

Lolth thought about it for a moment, "Whatever you wish him to be."

Sylph looked surprised, "Yeah, that also sounds like a good answer. He is your master, obey all of his orders and do your best to please him." She then faced her, "Now tell me, what are you to Cain?"

"An obedient slave," Lolth replied.

"And what you lack?"

"A slave contract, please enslave me. All of my remaining power and life shall be dedicated to Cain."

Sylph smiled, "This is what I like hearing." She flicked her finger, instantly putting a slave contract on Lolth under Cain's name.

"When I next meet Cain. I'm going to ask him about you." She grabbed Lolth's face in her hand, "You don't need me to tell you how I want him to describe you."

Lolth nodded.