Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Cain woke up with a horrible headache, and his eyes felt like popping from his head. Each time he moved, his bones ached. As he looked around, Morena, Lolth, and Gray. They all were naked and unconscious around him.

For a brief moment, he almost got alerted by Lolth. But he immediately sensed it. Just like Morena, she has become a part of him.

"Hey, wake up. Do any of remembers what happened?" Cain asked, shaking Morena's rear end.

Morena slowly woke up, holding her head, "Ahh, it hurts. It feels like something drilled a hole in my skull." She looked at Cain and the at Lolth and Gray around them.

"You might have to pull two of us inside. Keeping all three of us out is painful." She said, resting her head on Cain's lap.

"I guess you're right. I can only have two avatars at most." Cain replied.

The number of avatars a god can have corresponded to their divine rank; every five grants one avatar.

Cain is divine rank five, so he has one, and Lolth has degraded to a demi-god as well, so she is also ranked 5 with one avatar. In total, Cain has access to two. Since Lolth is Cain's slave and a part of him, her divine rank is capped by his.

Cain flicked his finger, "For the time being, let's have Gray inside." Gray was the weaker of the three, so that was it.

As Gray's body disappeared, Cain and Morena felt a lot better.

​ Morena stared at Lolth. BAM! She kicked her on the side.

"Wake up, spider bitch. I see you have fallen!" She yelled.

Cain looked at her, "Come on, it's all over." He patted Morena's head, "Give her a break, and for now, we need to focus on getting back."

"I understand, but she must at least wake up." Morena shook her again.

Lolth slowly woke up, "My head..." she growled.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Hey, you, finally awake?" Cain looked at her.

When she began thinking and realized Cain was beside her, she rushed to prostrate ahead of him. "Master Cain, sorry for the late response."

Cain looked at her for a moment, puzzled.

"Care to explain what happened?" He asked.

Lolth detailed all that entailed from the moment she entered his head.

"I see, so Sylph put you in place. She quite harsh and ruthless." Cain sighed, looking at the empty void above them.

Thud! Ten Yochlol landed in front of them, immediately morphing into drow women and prostrating. "Lady Lolth, great lord Cain, we're under your service."

"Great Lord Cain, we also have some news." one of the Yochlol approached him, "Umberlee, the goddess of the deep, is approaching this layer at an incredible speed."

"We suspect she wants to take over the demon web when Lady Lolth is weak."

CRACK! The ground suddenly cracked, and a wave rushed from it. The Yochlol got into combat mode. Even Lolth and Morena got to read for it. This being was Umberlee.

"Umberlee, scram back to your domain in the 13th layer of the abyss. The demon web pit is mine." Lolth growled.

"The demon web on the 66th layer now belongs to him, not you." From the water, Umberlee emerged.

Cain didn't bother moving. He just sat on the ground staring at them. "Say, Umberlee. You didn't come here to fight, right?"

Umberlee approached him and bowed, "I'm not stupid to start a fight that I can't win. I came here to pledge my alliance."

Lolth, Morena, and the Yochlol looked shocked. Cain stood, touching Umberlee's golden hair. "I don't know how to feel about that. You kill my brother's mother, after all."

"That was my predecessor. She got smitten by AO one day after the fact. When her position became empty, I, who had the same portfolio, rose to godhood instead." Umberlee explained.

"But you knew about me," Cain said, letting his tentacles engulf Umberlee's body.

"AO seeks change, not destruction. All of my predecessor's power and knowledge passed to me safely." Umberlee replied, "I do wish to grant a tribute from the seas in exchange for the Alliance."

Cain approached her, Grabbing her face in his palms. "I can kill you now and take all the power to myself. Why would I accept your offer?"

Umberlee nodded, "I changed my mind. I do not wish to ally." She bowed, kissing his foot, "I wish to serve you, Lord Cain. So please allow me to rein over my domain like before."

"I don't know about that." Cain scratched his chin, looking back at one of the Yochlol. "Say, what do you think?" Cain asked her. She was the first Yochlol to submit to him earlier.

"You ask me? I don't know." The Yochlol gasped with a confused face.

"Cain." Morena approached him, "I don't trust her." She said with a serious face.

Cain nodded and looked at Umberlee, "Open your mouth as wide as you can, and don't resist." Cain severed one of the tentacles and turned it into a worm.

Umberlee did just that, and the worm leaped into her throat, going down to her stomach.

"I won't enslave you. But this thing will keep an eye on you." The worm would enslave her if she did any tricks.

Umberlee stood to leave, but Cain called her, "Those two are a part of me,"

Umberlee looked back at him, "You like humiliating people. But I guess it's fine since it's you." She approached Lolth.

"Lady Lolth, I'm pleased to be at your service." She went down, kissing her foot. She then crawled to Morena, "Lady Morena, I'm pleased to be at your service." She kissed her foot as well.

"How did you know my name?" Morena asked.

"She is a god," Cain said as Umberless stood.

"I will be going now," Umberlee said as her body got engulfed in water.

Cain stretched his arms, "Now this place is mine. What should I do with it?"

"You can link it to the maze," Morena suggested.

"Master Cain, would you like me to tell you about the maze?" Lolth approached Cain.

"Go ahead."

"We now stand on the Succubi cocoon." Lolth looked down at the ground, "It hosts a whole kingdom of them as the space inside my cocoons is close to a continent." She explained.

The people inside those cocoons are technically dead. They are the people who worshiped Lolth in their life and ended in her domain after death.

The notable kingdoms are:

The Succubi kingdom.

The demons' kingdom.

The drow kingdom.

The human kingdom.

The orcs' kingdom.

The elves' kingdom.

The devil's kingdom.

The spiders' kingdom.

Lolth also had hundreds of dungeons, wastelands, wilderness, and webbing prisoners' cocoons.

The space between the Cocoons also adds up, making this place bigger by several folds than the mortal world.

"All the people under my rule shouldn't refuse any order you give them. Feel free to use them however you like. Of course, that includes me." Lolth said with a smile.

Cain lifted his hand, "It will take a while to link the maze to everything, but I should at least create a portal to get back. I'm sure everyone is ready so let's return."

Lolth flicked her fingers, and the webs around them twisted, forming clothes around herself and Morena. Cain looked at Lolth, "I doubt my wives are going to like seeing your face, be ready to have a confrontation with them."

Lolth nodded, "I will accept everything."