Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

CRACK! ZON! A portal opened on the deck of Jack's ship. Thud! Cain walked out, followed by Morena and Lolth.

Cain stretched his arms. "It's nice to be back."

Morena approached him and took a deep breath, "Speak for yourself. I have been here far longer."

Lolth glared at them, "I don't understand you at all. My web's air is fresher." She hated the salty breeze of the ocean.

"You say that, but I remember your web smelling like an old closed room," Cain replied, looking down at the dark elf city. "I'm sure Eilistraee is around here. Let's go meet her."

Morena stared at him, "You think the girls are with her?"

"I'm sure they are with her. I sensed her coming when I fought the avatar." He replied while staring at Lolth.

"Sorry about that," she mumbled.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Then suddenly, Cain felt a wave of mana approaching. KA-BAM! [Time Stop] He immediately stopped time.

Looking back, he saw Lolth surrounded. Sofia with a flying behind her head. His father from the right with a smite punch. Eilistraee from the front swinging her blade. Kayden from the right in his demonic form with six swings. Mary and Zaleria fell from the sky with their claws. Hati rushed in with a low stab with the eternal blade. Selena, Alice, and Gracie are just leaping from the shadow to attack.

Thud! Thud! Cain walked toward them in the stopped time, "Couldn't you speak to me first? But you can't be too careful when fighting a god."

One by one, Cain freed them from the stopped time and told them to wait.

After he got them all out of the stopped time, and Lolth was relatively safe, he looked at them.

"I will explain. Can you please listen?" He said.

Chad rushed at Cain, grabbing his face. "Are you all right?" He glared at his skin, "You look a bit paler. Is it her poison?"

"No, father. I'm fine. I just attained a bit of divinity, that's all." Cain replied as Chad squizzed his cheek. "Marina's plan worked. She managed to overcome Lolth's binding web."

Everyone knew of Marina's plan, but they still couldn't believe it. Cain had become a divine being of immense power.

"You attained divinity? What god are you?" Eilistraee asked.

Cain looked at his divine stats, "Horror, Insanity, Madness, Pain, Terror, spellcasting, drow, and spiders." Cain replied, "I naturally had six portfolios, and I took over the two Lolth had."

"All of those? They say only talented gods own more than one portfolio, and you naturally had six?" Eilistraee said, looking at Cain and smiling. "To think someone could reach so close to Eilistraee's talent." She smiled.

Cain looked at her face with a grin, "Said Eilistraee, don't worry, I will fix you soon." He said.

"What do you mean?"

"You will know soon enough."

As Cain turned, he saw the girls glaring at him. He immediately lifted his hands, "I'm not going anywhere. Let's calm down a bit."

Thud! Alice grabbed him by the head, "You will explain anything in detail, god Cain."

The girls dragged Cain into the maze. It was time for them to hear his story. It only took him half an hour to recite all that happened.

The girls also told him they blew all of Lolth's churches to weaken her. Cain took over Lolth thanks to Marina strengthening him and the girls weakening Lolth.

"Cain," Marina said, looking at Cain, "I rarely ask for things, but can I hit her?" She stared at Marina.

"Feel free to hit me as much as you like. I did expect to be beaten by every one of you." Lolth was the one to reply.

"It's between you two." Cain said and then looked at the girls, "I'm standing out of it. Feel free to reach an understanding with her."

All the girls stood there glaring at Lolth. Only Zaleria glared at her sister.

"It's been a while," Zaleria said.

Morena walked to the couch and sat down, "You know, it's strange that we aren't killing each other."

"You were the one always starting the attack, not me." Zaleria sighed, sitting beside her. "I did end up kicking you away each time, though."

"Think you can beat me now?" Morena smiled, "I'm a dracolich with divine energy flowing in my bones. I surpassed you long ago."

"Shall we test that?" Zaleria smiled.

Cain rested his arms on their shoulders as he sat between them. "Do you two have to fight?"

The two looked at each other, "I guess not." Morena replied. There was no need for her to fight Zaleria.

"Yeah, our fighting will cause a lot of collateral damage." Zaleria sighed, a bit disappointed.

After a short while, Cain looked at the girls, "Are you done?" He looked at Lolth, beaten up on the ground.

"Yeah, this got all the anger out of us," Sofia said, "I will heal her right now, but she stays at the bottom of the chain," Alice said with an exhausted face.

Cain smiled, "Let me help you." Cain released some divine energy into Alice to help her heal Lolth faster. But something strange happened.

"AH!" Alice moaned, falling on her knees while shaking, "Stop it!" She cried.

Cain immediately stopped the flow, "Alice, are you fine?" He rushed at her.

Alice lay on the ground with a smile on her slightly red face, her legs were shaking, and her breathing got heavy.

"I'm fine." She growled, barely standing up.

"What happened? That was just some divine energy."

Alice took a few deep breaths as the girls rushed to check on her, "It felt strange," She looked at the girls around her and decided to say, "It did feel like a climax. I felt a sharp wave of pleasure. It was too good to the point of being painful."

"You should dilute it before giving it to them," Lolth growled from the ground. Cain pointed his finger at her, [Greater Healing]

After seeing Lolth stand up fully healed, Cain inspected the situation. "It's like with the Pixies. I have to control everything." He said.

"You can leave that work to me." Lolth smiled, "I will link everyone with a web to your divine existence and manage their energy consumption."

"No, we don't trust you yet," Farryn growled from the back.

Cain looked at her, "You can trust her. Sylph was the one to cast the enslavement of her."

When Farryn heard Sylph's name, her face changed, "Lady Sylph enslaved her? Then fine, let her take the role."

"You changed your mind quickly," Cain smiled, looking at her.

"If Lady Sylph did it, then I trust it. But it's a different story if you cast the spell; it will be sloppy." She replied.

"The god of spellcasting has a sloppy casting?" Cain looked at her with a smile.

She stared at him with a pink face, "I mean, look at me. Do you call this an enslavement spell?"

Cain laughed, "I know you like being dragged with a chain and a collar, but that doesn't mean my spells are sloppy."

"Shut up!" Farryn grabbed the nearby pillow and threw it at him with a red face.