Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Eilistraee looked at them and then turned away, "I shall be leaving for now. Let's meet later at my castle." She grabbed the door's handle.

"I thought you were staying," Cain called her with a smile.

"We're maidens of Eilistraee. Maiden is an important word." She then slowly opened the door and left.

Cain then turned toward Lola, who stood in the corner, "How about you?"

She stared at him, "With Lolth added, I'm now second to last, so I shall wait." She replied, looking directly at Lolth.

Cain took his clothes and sat on the couch, looking at the girls. Sofia approached him first. And then, the moment she opened her mouth.

Thud! A foot pushed her face away, and Cain could feel a ball of immense magic sitting on his lap. "Look how long this thing is! Did you become a half-horse or something?"

When everyone looked toward them, Lilia was sitting in Cain's lap, laughing herself out.

FLASH! Lola rushed at her with a fist, CLING! Lilia just looked in her direction, and the dragon princess fell paralyzed.

"Couldn't you have come earlier and saved the day?" Cain looked down at her.

VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"Lolth is weaker than Mystra, surely taking her down won't be a problem," Lilia replied, standing up and staring at the girls. "You do have a lot, don't you?"

The girls stared back at her. They understood what sort of monster she was just by the look. The mana around Cain resembled a raging wave, but the mana around Lilia looked like a hard stone.

"So, did you find him?" Cain asked, and she looked back at him with a smile, lifting a peace sign.

"I managed to locate the Tarrasque, but sadly he's taking a nap close to the planet's core." Lilia said with her eyes closed, "It will be hard to get his blood without causing a disaster."

"We only need some of his blood." Cain looked at her. It shouldn't be that hard for her to do.

"if I poked him, he can wake up. I can't follow him if he started surfacing with his [Earth Glide], and from the earth's core, he can emerge at any point on the surface and cause a disaster." Lilia explained.

"[Earth Glide] can be tracked."

"Not the Tarrasque's [Earth Glide]. What he uses isn't magic but a natural property of his body. That monster can faze through the ground like a ghost, but unlike them, he won't appear in the ethereal world." Lilia explained, and all the girls stared at her with puzzled faces.

"So what shall we do? Take the blood and ignore the collateral damage of raising a 300-foot-tall lizard from ancient earth?" Cain looked at her.

"Well, I have a plan, but I need divine energy." She looked at him, one finger on her lip, "Can I have some?"

"Convenient that I became a divine being. What did you want to do if I didn't get this power?" Cain asked.

"Well, I heard that Talos killed Ashura lately. I would have gone on a trip to the astral world to find Ashura's corpse and take some divine energy from it." She sighed.

Cain stood up, "Talos killed Ashura? Isn't that Kayden's god?" Ashura is the demon god of destruction; he gave Kayden his powers.

"Don't worry about the six-eye boy. Ashura's daughter took over in his place. Her name is Kali, and she takes the form of a five-year-old girl, but don't get deceived by looks. Words are that she is the one who forced Talos to retreat, tearing his eye and limbs after he killed her father." Lilia smiled, "Right now, she is cared for by Amaterasu and Selune to fill her father's rule."

"Stop joking. I bet if Talos was serious, he could have crushed her." Cain sighed. There was no way a newborn goddess could have achieved such power.

"Kali took over her father's portfolio of destruction, demons, and chaos, and on top gained those: revenge (From her will to take revenge for her father's death), wrath (The sheer anger building inside her), orphans (She lost both her parents and now will be watching over all the orphans of the world), honor (Since she managed to kick Talos away even though she was a kid), perseverance (She will be watching over all the strugglers of the world)" Lilia explained with a serious face.

"In time, she alone might reach divine rank 19."

"And you were about to desecrate the corpse of her father?" Cain looked at Lilia with a wry smile.

"I bet she wouldn't mind. And if she did, I will give her a wrist slap."

Cain laughed, "A moment, you praise her as being a monster, and the next moment you treat her like a kid."

Lilia smiled, opening her arms, "What do I look to you?"

"Which answer do you want to hear?" Cain's face became serious, "The truth, what I see, what you see, what everyone sees, or the reality?"

Lilia smiled, "If you got them all right, a reward awaits you."

Lilia was confident that no one knew who she was or her true power. To everyone, she looked like a half-halfling with the strength to break the world.

"The truth is that you don't even exist. I see a walking abomination. You see mere dust, and everyone sees Lilia. But the reality is that you, Yog..." Lilia approached Cain, closing his lips with her finger, "That's it, you know more than you should, but I don't mind."

Lilia looked back at the girls with a smile, "Your man is standing at the gate, don't let him open it."

"Who are you?" Asked Sofia, who started to feel a strange presence from within Lilia.

"Believe me, little girl, besides your man here, everyone who knew had wished they never existed." She looked at Cain, and he nodded, "She is right. To you, she must stay as Lilia."

Cain sighed, and Lilia stared down at him, "You exhausted? I thought gods don't feel exhaustion?"

All the girls approached Cain, staring down at Lilia, "What? Did I say something wrong?" she looked back at them.

"You're in the way," Alice said. "She is right-nya!" Selena added.

"You, Eilistraee, Sylph, we already knew of you and won't mind you joining. But you have to wait till your turn." Sofia pointed back toward Lolth.

"Behind her," Gracie added.

Lilia smiled, "I would love to wait for my turn but ask your man about it." she pointed at Cain.

Cain looked at her, "Go sit on the couch. You're going last." Lilia froze in place upon hearing that. "Hold up, why?" she cried.

"Get on the couch, and don't ask any questions," Cain growled.

With a sad face, Lilia walked toward the couch and sat there.

The girls nodded happily and approached Cain as Lilia sat in the back. "Girls, you will regret it. Don't come crying to me later." Lilia growled as Lolth patted her head.

But then, Lilia felt something creep under her. The two tentacles dug their way inside both of her holes. She smiled, 'Of course, you don't want them to end like the rest. You can't explain the knowledge from behind the gate, so you enact it secretly.'