Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Lilia sat in the back watching. Cain's clean divine energy flew into her.

She started thinking.

The forbidden knowledge behind the gate, both you and I know it. But your understanding never reached mines.

Cain Lisworth, you're not ignorant of the world behind the gate.

I know of the world behind the gate and understand it.

AO has walked past the gate.

Divine energy is the raw energy of creation seeping from the gate; even gods can't understand its nature. How could they comprehend it when mortals so easily taint it?

Your divine power has four components, you, Morena, Lolth, and Gray. Those are integral to its existence. But the girls around you aren't.

I arrived too late. You have let the blond one, named Alice, touch it. It was already tainted and will take me over a week to clean.

f I have to wait until you had fun with the girls, it will be so tainted that it will take thousands of years to clean.

Since your father's divine energy comes straight from AO, the gods can't handle it. Their divine energy has been tainted beyond repair by their contact with mortals.

A god shouldn't interact with mortals. And even if he did, it should only be once in a thousand years. The gods have made the sin of meddling in mortal affairs, So their divine energy was tainted.

I could find a way to clean it faster, but with my current standing, it's impossible. I lack the tools, and they are in Mystra's hands.

Even now, I can see it. In the future, you shall destroy all magic. And I who hold the forbidden knowledge shall rebuild it from scratch.

I shall create a world where gods can't dabble in mortal life. And mortals are free to seek the magical knowledge they wish.

But you're still only aware of it. You don't understand it.

Lilia stood stretching her arms, looking at Mary.

The restart girl went through a lot. The path was painful, but she made it without remembering the whole story.

Thud! Thud! Thud! Lilia walked toward Mary. SLAP! She slapped her back end.

"KYA!" Mary screamed, grabbing her back end and leaping forward. "Why did you do that?" She looked back.

Lilia approached her, gently touching her head. "Little Mary, you've done well."

Looking at Lilia's smile, a tear fell from Mary's eye, "He? Why am I crying?" She couldn't understand what was happening. Quickly wiping her face, she looked at Lilia, "What did you do?"

"As I said, you've done well." Lilia smiled, poking Mary's head with her finger, "I will be taking my keepsake," As Lilia moved her finger away, a blue spark flashed from Mary's forehead.

...

The cosmic guards standing in front of the gate held their weapons. "You three shall not pass. He won't return." They growled, clashing their massive spears.

"You massive blockheads, can't you see it below? The world is falling apart without its creator!" An old mage with white hair growled, pointing his staff at the guards.

"Cain Lisworth, you and your comrades have been denied entry. Scram, let the world burn if that was the case." The guards growled.

Lilia approached Cain, "Let's leave. I got the knowledge of what lies behind the gate. We can try again."

CLACK! CLACK! A woman with orange hair, clad in heavy steel armor and wielding a massive greatsword, approached them. "She is right, Cain. We must leave for now." Mary said, grabbing his staff.

Cain cursed under his breath, "One year, and we will be back." As they turned to leave, the guards clashed their weapons.

"The halfling mage stays; here she dies." The guards growled, "We can't let you have any chance to pass the gate."

Cain stopped, his head boiling. Mary lifted her staff, ready to start blasting, "You want to rob us of our last hope?"

"That's our job. You should never succeed." One of the guards threw his spear at Lilia.

The fight started immediately. Lilia dodged to the side while Mary swung her sword at one of the guards killing him.

Taking that opening, another guard swung his spear at Mary, and Cain pulled her away, getting hit instead.

Enraged, Lilia blasted two guards into the abyss behind the gate.

Being mortally injured, Cain turned himself into a lich and started throwing spells at the guards.

Mary managed to kill two more guards but lost an arm. Cain teleported her to the back where she could heal and cast a spell with Lilia, blocking the guards from approaching them.

The guards attacked Lilia, aiming to kill her first.

Cain teleported Lilia away. Her knowledge was too precious to risk. After blasting five guards, he got stabbed again, and this time, his death approached.

Lilia unleashed a massive explosion, all flame, and sparks but no real power. She used it as a cover to teleport everyone away.

When they landed, Cain was dead, with Mary crying on his chest.

"We can't win this. I have a plan." Lilia took Cain's staff.

"What do you intend to do?" Mary asked.

"I will use a forbidden spell. Once you wake up, I want to find Cain and get him to marry as many powerful women as possible." She swung her staff.

"Hold up, what are you talking about?" Mary cried.

"I will reincarnate him and send you back in time after him. I will even give you the ability to rewind time, so no matter what, get as many people as possible." Hearing this, Mary knew Lilia wasn't joking.

"Do you want me to get my husband with other women? Are you joking?" Mary screamed.

"I know you can't possibly watch him do that. I will modify your memory to make it easier." Lilia bit her finger and drew a circle in the ground.

VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"I didn't agree to this. Do you know what you're saying?" Mary growled, "What about him?"

Lilia stared at Mary, "I know how hard it's for steel dragons to accept that. But we need more people in this battle. The three of us can't possibly win it." She laughed, "By the way, Cain cheated on you with me."

Mary screamed, "I know about it. He told before it even started." Mary looked up, "He asked me, and I allowed him to do it. I said I wouldn't mind if it's you."

"He told you?" Lilia gasped.

"He told me that he wanted to do some affairs with you. I got angry for a night but then thought about it." Mary sighed, "If it's Lilia, then it's fine. She has been with us for years." She stood up.

"The next morning, when I talked to him about it, he took the idea from his head. He said he wouldn't do it." Mary approached Lilia and patted her head, "I kicked him out, telling him not to return until he did it with you."

"You're a bit weird, you know?" Lilia stared at Mary.

"You are fine, but strangers, absolutely not." Mary growled, "I know what you're thinking, but we should find another plan."

Lilia smiled, "Sorry, but you will live through this one. There is no other choice."

"Are you sure?" Mary asked with a sad face.

"Yeah, I will change your and Cain's memories to make it easier to digest." Knock! Lilia touched Mary in the head, sending her to the past and reincarnating Cain.

After they disappeared, Lilia sighed, "I feel like crap. Can't someone kill me and end this mess?" She started laughing to drown her inner turmoil.

BAM! The guards surrounded her, "Where are the other two?" One of them yelled.

"Doesn't matter, as long as we kill this one." Another one said.

Lilia looked at them, "Puff, this is hilarious." she started giggling.

"What happened to you? Did you finally lose it?" One of the guards glared at her.

Lilia stared at them with a smile, "Since everything went to shit, I better shit it as well." She screamed.

"What nonsense are you, little mage spitting on us?" the guards stared at her laugh.

"I can't win against you, and that's a fact." She smiled, pointing her staff up, "But, I can show you hell before the round ends."

"The darkness of the world is born from my soul, and the monster guarding the gate shall lose control. Forbidden knowledge, born from the abyss." The air around them started to rumble, and the cosmic gate quivered.

"What are you doing, bitch?" One of the guards growled.

"I-" Lilia's whole body turned black and got covered with eyes, "Yog-Sothoth, shall give you a taste of the unknown."

After rampaging for a few seconds, Lilia disappeared as well.

She opened her eyes, looking at a scroll in her hand. The slaver who once owned her screamed behind her back.

...

'Sorry, I lied.' Lilia thought, looking at Mary, 'You shall never remember that grim future, as it has already been recorded in the forbidden library.'

"What did you do?" Mary asked, looking at Lilia.

"Nothing. If you're happy, then this should be your reality." Lilia smiled, looking at Cain. Even he still lacked what she knew. He is aware but not knowledgeable.

"Come on, what did you do?" Mary grabbed Lilia's hand.

With a smile, Lilia flicked her finger. Her staff flew at an incredible speed and penetrated Mary's back end. "KYA!" Mary screamed, and Lilia immediately suspended her mid-air with telekinesis.

"Hey, Cain!" Lilia called Cain, "Isn't it Mary's turn yet?" She glared at him with a massive grin. "I will play with her myself if you don't hurry!" She licked Mary's chest.

Cain lifted his hand and created a massive pair of tentacles. With them, he separated Lilia and Mary, "I never knew you had something for women." Cain glared at Lilia.

Lilia smiled, "She is a special case. I took a liking to her."

"It's never a good thing when you think someone is special." Cain started squizzing her, using enough force to kill a dragon which scared Zaleria and Morena.

"Ah!" Lilia smiled, "More!" She suddenly disappeared, appearing beside Cain with Mary in her arm.

"Since when?" Cain gasped, unable to comprehend his master's ability to escape his grasp.

Lilia hugged them both, "I like both of you. Let's stay like this for a while."

Cain was about to push her but then noticed something different. Her smile was genuine for the first time.

*****

Hello, I hope you liked this chapter.

I wanted to ask a simple question. Did you see any grammatical errors in the past few chapters?