Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

As Eilistraee walked back to her castle, she sensed someone in a nearby bar. With a smile, she turned and headed toward him.

Inside the musty bar, tens of drow were drinking merrily as the news of Lolth's fall reached their ears.

In the corner, while sitting at a table while being served by a young drow girl. A drow kid sat there drinking alone. The moment Eilistraee entered the bar, he stared at her, and she looked back at him.

"It's been a while." As she approached him, the whole bar disappeared into the darkness. The kid stood and looked at Eilistraee with a smile. The girl serving him took a step back and bowed lightly.

"How have you been?" He smiled, and Eilistraee sat beside him. The girl served them both drinks with a passive face.

"You like that form, don't you? Mauzzkyl." Eilistraee said, glaring at him and the girl with him.

"It's good for deceiving people. No one will expect me to be a kid." He smiled.

"And the girl?" she asked.

"The daughter of one of my clients. His payment was a bit lackluster, so I took her from him." Mauzzkyl replied, patting the girl on the back.

"I thought you killed both your clients and targets," Eilistraee asked.

"Of course, the man is dead. I had her kill him." He replied.

"You made her kill her father?"

"The bastard deserved it. He killed her mother and wanted me to clear some witnesses. Let's not talk about work. It's quite uncomfortable." Mauzzkyl smiled, flicking his finger and creating a chair for the girl to sit on.

"I heard that you fought someone last month," Eilistraee asked, glaring at his eyes. The whole drow kingdom rumbled with the shadows dancing.

Mauzzkyl sighed, "It was a succubus maid, a master of the shadows, and use my twin fang style. And guess what?"

"A maid gave you trouble? What should I guess?" Eilistraee looked at him, "You killed her?"

"Remember the guys you were with lately? That succubus maid, it was her. Or should I say they were identical twins that I almost sliced her head when they first came here?" He laughed, "Guess who appeared when I was about to carve her up?"

"Are you joking?"

"A hell gate opened up, and a woman proclaiming to be Asmodeus came up asking me to spare the maid. She looked the same as the blond girl that was with you." He banged the table, laughing.

"And what did you do?"

"They paid me with a contact line to Amaterasu, and I got ton contracts. I did let them go." Mauzzkyl smiled, "I think it was worth it."

"You finally letting go of a kill?"

"It wasn't a contract. So it won't count." He smiled, "I won't have such a big assassin guild if I killed everyone, would I?"Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Eilistraee smiled, "So, why did you call me here?"

Mauzzkyl looked at her, his face frozen solid with no emotion. "Amaterasu delivered me a contract on behalf of Eilistraee."

Eilistraee stood, "From Eilistraee herself? What does she ask? Do you need assistance around here?" Eilistraee worshiped Eilistraee, the goddess she was named after.

"The contract is to kill you," Mauzzkyl said, glaring at Eilistraee, and the girl beside him froze, her face sweating buckets as she felt Mauzzkyl's blood lust.

"What?" Eilistraee gasped, struggling to understand what he said.

"Albeit the contract is a bit special. I won't be the one killing you." He looked at the table, "The contract was for me to have you dual Cain Lisworth to death with [Blade Dance]."

"What are you talking about?" She stood, glaring at him.

"I will talk to him. Amaterasu said he should know me. Go get yourself ready." Mauzzkyl stood, and the whole shadow cover disappeared.

"Wait!" Before Eilistraee could catch him, he and the girl disappeared.

...

In the city, Kayden walked in the street with a voice bugging his head.

[Kayden-chan! Kayden-chan! What is that?]

"A food shop. They sell grilled fish." He replied, "And get out of my head!" He growled almost immediately.

[No way! It's more fun to watch the world through you than sitting idle here in heaven.]

Kayden sighed, deciding to ignore her for the time being.

[Kayden-chan! Kayden-chan!]

"What is your problem with the (-chan)? Drop it!" He growled, scaring everyone around him.

[Look in the corner, those kids?]

As Kayden looked in the dark alley, he saw three small pups curled in the corner. "Stray dogs. They will grow strong in time." He said, turning around to leave.

[Kayden-chan, look again.] Kali said with a worried voice.

As Kayden turned to look at them, his vision started to blur, and a glowing pair of pink eyes appeared on his forehead.

[I let you borrow my eyes, so look carefully, those are no dogs]

Upon closer inspection, Kayden saw the actual kids through Kali's vision. "Drow kids, where did the dogs go?" He gasped.

[There were no dogs. They are but helpless children. Carry them to the abandoned cavern to the east.]

Kayden stared at the six kids, "Come here," He created four arms for six in total and carried the kid.

"Let us go! Let us go!" They screamed and flailed their arms but to no avail. Everyone started glaring at Kayden, but he could care less about dogs. Eilistraee's maidens and the city guard silently followed him with a group of people. They knew he was an unbeatable monster.

After walking for a bit, Kayden reached the eastern cavern.

"What now?" He said, and everyone looked at him, wondering to whom he was talking.

[Drop there here.] Kali replied, [Do you see that big stone, can you make this from it?]

Kali's image flashed in Kayden's head, a four-armed woman in her early twenties. "I thought you were a little girl?" He scratched his head, "And you want me to make a statue of you?"

[We gods are timeless, that is the visage mortals will see upon invoicing my name.]

Kayden sighed, "But with all the fancy clothes, couldn't you wear something easier to engrave?"

[A god must look pretty, I had Amaterasu make the outfit for me.]

"Fine," Kayden sighed, "But I won't be engraving the clothes. Details are hard to make with sword swings."

[No! Please make them, Kayden-chan!] Kali cried, [I will lend you my arms,]

Two of Kayden's arms got covered in a big pink tattoo of scrambled lines. The people at the back could feel the divine energy flowing in the Demon's cursed body.

Kayden pulled his swords and approached the massive stone, took a deep breath, and invoked Kali's image in his head once again. CLANG! in the blink of an eye, his blade zapped across the stone.

A statue of Kali, the goddess of destruction, demons, chaos, revenge, wrath, orphans, honor, and perseverance, emerged in the middle of the abandoned cavern.

[My first Shrine. It's not much, but it will do the job.]

Kayden approached the statue and engraved Kali's name on it. He then turned toward the kid behind him, "This the shrine of Kali, the goddess of destruction, demons, chaos, revenge, wrath, orphans, honor, and perseverance. All of you who didn't find a home can rest here." He sheathed his blades.

"All offerings made to the goddess here are to be used by the orphans in her shrine. She shall grant spell to those who worship her and protect those who sleep on her land."

As Kayden walked away from the shrine, the cavern rumbled. A Luminant demonic mushroom grew on the ceiling. The ground got carpeted by moss, and the whole place flooded with holy magic. The children could feel their old scars and scratches disappear, their fatigued bodies gave up the pleasant feeling, and they fell asleep.