Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Lilia looked at Sofia, "You're a god as well. I want to see you fight Lolth."

Cain walked between them, "What does that have to do what magic and spells?"

"Unless they believe in their fake reality, Mystra can't restrain the gods or me," Lilia said, "This knowledge will cost you more," she smiled.

"What do you mean?"

"Let the two fight for a bit," Lilia said, poking Lolth and waking her from her nap.

Cain and Lilia stood away and let the two fight.

Lolth smiled, summoning her scythe, and stared at Sofia.

"I never fought the dragon queen. How will this go."

Sofia walked around Lolth with fire exploding beneath her feet. BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

"I will gladly kick you again," Sofia growled, lifting her hand.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

"I can fight back this time." Lolth smiled with a large grin, swinging her scythe toward Sofia and sending a massive slash of webs.

Sofia opened her mouth, exhaling a burst of the inferno. The scorched webs got blown like ash.

From the dust and smoke, Lolth emerged swinging her scythe at Sofia. CLANG!

With a kick, Sofia blocked the scythe. CRACKLE! An electric burst flashed from her body and zapped Lolth away.

"That was close." Lolth sighed, "But I got it in," She smiled.

Sofia felt a sharp pain in her leg, and upon closer inspection, a tiny spider has bitten her. "What is this?" She growled.

"Cain usually breaks my poison immediately, so this never worked against him, but you're a different story." Lolth rushed ahead, swinging her scythe.

KA-BOOM! Sofia stomped the ground with her poisoned leg, causing it to explode. "Do you think spiders' venom can beat a dragon?" She growled, "Let me show you what we can achieve."

Sofia took a deep breath inflating her stomach, GRWAAA! As she roared, a wave of deadly poison rushed at Lolth. "Hold up, what is this?" Lolth cried.

...

"What do you think of that poison?" Lilia asked while sitting on Cain's lap.

"It's a powerful attack with low magic output but shows the dragon's incredible innate power," Cain replied.

"Wrong, to an extent." Lilia sighed, elbowing him in the ribs. "That thing is magical, but it got created with magic inside the draconis fundamentum." Lilia opened her palm, "To create such a thing, you need power beyond ninth-tier, which Mystra forbids doing unless she allows you to do it."

"So you mean that no matter how much power you attain through the system, Mystra will always be able to nerf it?" Cain asked.

"Exactly, unless you attain godhood or are me." She smiled, grabbing Cain by the jewelry. "Mystra knew she was unable to beat me. That's why she hides in the divine realm and uses the world as a cover. I couldn't reach her."

Lilia turned to face Cain, "We can either go with your plan and drop her to the mortal world, or I can stick by your side until you reach her, and then I can strike."

"Can you stop shaking your hips then?" Cain stared at her, and she smiled.

"Sitting with you as this got me a bit excited. You're the only one I let ride me, after all." Thud! A hand rested on Lilia's head, "What are you doing there?" Sofia glared at her.

Lolth lay in the corner. She didn't stand a chance against Sofia.

"Say, Sofia, Can I have your husband again for a while? Alone this time." Lilia asked with a smile.

"Never. I can't trust you alone around Cain." Sofia growled.

Lilia looked at Cain and then back at Sofia, "Shall I prove you wrong?"

"Be my guest," Sofia growled.

"With or without you, I'm just as dangerous, right, Cain?" Lilia looked at Cain, liking his cheek.

"Sofia," Cain said with an empty face, "Leave. I don't want to see your face again."

Thud! Sofia grabbed Lilia by the head, "It isn't funny to control him like this. How did you manage to do it?" Sofia didn't believe it. She knew Cain and that Lilia was far more dangerous and powerful than him.

Lilia looked a bit sad, "You hurt my tiny half-heart."

"I don't care about your emotions. As long as you have your way with Cain, I'm happy." Sofia growled.

Lilia smiled, "Be free," Flicking her finger, only Sofia got freed from her mind control.

"You being here won't change anything," Lilia smiled, "Amusing me is your best at keeping me at bay."

Sofia glared at her, unable to respond. Lilia was far more than they could handle. "But don't worry, I will respect your leadership here." Lilia grabbed Sofia's hand and kissed it, "You have my words."

With the flick of a finger, she released Cain from mind control. Immediately, he grabbed Lilia by the neck, strangling her with one hand. "Master, I told you not to dabble in my head."

"AH! More. I bet the blond girl will like this. I saw her fantasize about it in her head." Lilia wiggled like a worm. She didn't seem bothered at all.

"You dabbled in Alice's head?" Cain growled, tightening his grip.

"Of course, I did that to everyone. Sofia here has been fantasizing about the day you enchanted her nail. She would appreciate a rough night every once in a while." Laughed.

"Say another word, and I will make sure..." Thud! Sofia grabbed his hand, "Let her be. We can't handle her for now." She sighed, "Look at this,"

Sofia immediately turned around and slapped Lilia. SLAP!

"My handed didn't even touch her. Reaching her both mentally and physically is impossible." Sofia said, and Lilia stood with a smile.

"You seem to learn quickly," Lilia smiled, approaching Sofia, "Feel free to try hitting me again,"

"Cain, consider her one of us. Take her to a private room. I will get anything you need ready in the meantime." Sofia said with an exhausted face.

"Are you sure about that?" Cain asked.

"She's sure, don't give her second thoughts." Lilia said with a smile, "Thanks, Sofia. I will make it up to you now. Get some girls ready to head with Cain to Lolth's domain." The moment Lilia spoke, Sofia felt a rush of magic inside her body. It got followed by a feeling akin to smelling mint.

"I cleaned your magic circuit, you still had some left from being a human, but now you're fully a dragon. Even magic would be able to detect you were a human once."

After that, Cain dragged Lilia to the corner and flicked his finger. ZON! A portal appeared, and behind it, a whole mansion.

"It's a demi-plane disguised as a mansion. Being a god is useful." Lilia looked excited, running around the place.

"Why did you do Sofia like that?" Cain asked, and Lilia stopped.

"They don't know me as you and Syplh do. What do you think of me?" She asked, approaching him with a smile.

"A free spirit of absolute power. You don't play tricks." Cain replied, "But I do remember what you didn't do to Farryn in the past life."

"That's a story for another time. Now let's play."

Cain pointed behind her, "To the bath first,"

"Of course. That would be fun as well."