Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Cain slowly walked toward the bath, Lilia strolling behind him. "Say, how did you grow so strong?" She asked.

"That a question I should ask," Cain replied as he walked into the changing room. Lilia walked after him.

"I refused to accept the reality of magic. How about you?" She poked his back.

"I just studied magic and kept seeking strength," Cain replied.

"Seeking strength, that's hard to believe with all the girls around you." She said, taking her shirt off.

"You realize that having you like this is a power in itself," Cain said, looking at her.Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

"You're right. There aren't that many people who can boast of having a goddess in their bed, let alone two. Let alone adding me at the top." she replied, staring back at Cain, "Did you know that Sylph's father kept begging me for two years to take him as a mere slave? Just him being a property of mine is enough to make most people think twice about him."

Cain giggled, "One about you and the second about his mental health, Sylph's father has always been a bad sucker for power."

Lilia sighed, "If I knew he would turn to dragons, I might have accepted him."

"Let's go wash," Cain left the changing room, and Lilia rushed after him, "At least wait for me."

As they entered the washing room, Cain glared at Lilia's naked body for a while, "Aren't you a bit taller than I remember?"

Lilia looked at him, "From the past life? I did tap more into my elf blood lately. That might be the cause." she stood tall, "I got one inch or two. Impressive isn't it."

Cain looked at her, "One inch from standing on your toes, you're still no longer than a dwarf." He said, and she smacked him in the stomach with a waterfall.

AGRAA! Cain grabbed his stomach, "Now you did it. When was the last time you felt pain." He glared at her.

"I don't even remember how it feels to be in pain. My magical defenses are impenetrable." she smiled, puffing her chest up.

Cain smiled, his eyes glowing blue, "Ha?" Suddenly, Lilia felt all of her magical defenses disappear. Zon! Cain appeared behind her swinging his palm.

SLAP! He smacked her back end as hard as possible, sending her to the other side of the bath.

"GRWAAA!" Lilia cried, grabbing her butt and running around in circles, tears dropping from her eyes.

"This for manipulating my wives. Going unscathed isn't an option for you?" Cain stared at her.

Lilia stood facing him, scratching her still-burning butt. "How did you disable my magic?" she cried.

"Turn around and lift your butt. I will keep hitting you until you figure it out." Cain glared at her.

"You know I can still kill you or forcibly absorb the information from your head," Lilia said, staring back at him.

"But will you do it or keep guessing?" Cain stared back at her. After a few seconds, Lilia slowly turned around and presented her butt.

"You used a fast pulse of magic to disable my defenses," She asked.

SLAP! "KYA!" She cried after Cain smacked her, "Guess again." He growled.

"You used a fracture in my magic to halt it," she said.

"Wrong, beg for it," Cain growled.

"Now way, I won't!" She replied, glaring at him.

CLENCH! Cain grabbed her cheek, "What did you say?"

She immediately changed her expression, "Please hit me twice for my rudeness." She said.

SLAP! SLAP!

Cain kept hitting her until she could barely stand. As Lilia fell on her knees and face, she cried, "I give up. Please tell me how you did it."

Cain looked at her, "I used the divine energy I gave you earlier as a tool to inject my magic into your body. Now I have direct access to your body."

After hearing that, a string snapped in Lilia's head, realizing that Cain had pulled a fast one on her. She immediately stood up, her body fully healed.

"How much control do you have?" She growled.

"Enough for this," As Cain stared at her, she felt all her magic turn off. For five seconds, the laughing tornado lost all of her power.

"I see. I shouldn't be able to get rid of it unless I create a new body for myself." Lilia said, smiling, "You got me on this one."

Cain flicked his finger, and the spell disappeared, "Why did you remove it?" Lilia stared at him, surprised.

"What will you do?" Cain looked at her. He knew her well enough to guess her following action.

Lilia approached him with a smile, grabbed his flesh with her hand, and licked his chest. "Don't take my amusement away. Give it back to me." She took all of his lengths inside her in one go.

"You're still the same," Cain said, looking at her face.

Lilia wrapped her legs around his waist, "I can't help it. Life is boring when you become the strongest. Nothing but work catch my interest." She started moving on her own.

"When I had such a fun and unpredictable ride as you, how could I not take it?" she grabbed his face in her hands, "You're the only man in the world whom I can't squash in the blink of an eye. Please stay like that for me, even if it's an illusion."

Cain kissed her, Slowly lifting her body and pulling out, "Fix yourself first." He said and smiled.

"Now that you mention it, I can do that." She ran her palm on her private parts, "Brand new for you, as much as you wish."

Cain rested the tip on her entrance, feeling her shaking body. His flesh grew a bit bigger. "And this is for you."

Lilia gasped, "This is a bit too big for me. I won't be able to bear the pain." but after staring at his flesh for a while, she smiled.

"Put me on the ground," she said.

Lilia slowly laid on her back and lifted her legs, "I disable all of my magical defenses. Please force it in." She said with a shaking crazy smile decorating her blushing face.

"You sure?"

"Please, let me feel it." she cried.

Cain approached her, "One in the past life, you told me something." He said, "You dream of the being that will defeat you," He grabbed her feet and spread them apart.

"I did declare multiple times," Lilia said, "That I will gladly serve whoever beat me for the rest of my life." She shook her butt as if Calling Cain in.

Cain rubbed himself on the entrance, tormenting her by not pushing in for a while. "Please do it."

"Say, I'm going to do something you hate a lot. I will expose you to someone else besides me."

"Please, no," Lilia cried.

"Want in or not?" Cain smiled, pushing one of his fingers into her back end.

"At least tell me who is it?"

"Gracie, my maid." Cain replied, "I'm sure her spit will help convert any pain you get into pleasure." He added.

After thinking for a moment, "Please, bring her."

"Good girl," Cain said, flicking his finger, and Gracie walked in, mistakenly stepping on Lilia's face with her shoe.

"What's going on?"