Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Cain looked at Gracie with a smile, "Can you give her some of your drool?" [Lesser healing] he cast on Lilia just in case.

Gracie looked at Cain and then at Lilia, "I can, but what's going on?"

Cain paused for a moment, "Didn't Sofia tell you?"

Gracie's face brightened, "I haven't met her yet. You can instead have me or Alice transfer the information. We're faster in that department."

"I will link you all to a [Message] network later that would help," Cain replied with a sigh.

"As you can see," Cain briefly explained what happened, and Gracie smiled, looking down at Lilia.

"I bet we would have reacted differently to you if we knew this."

"This stays between us, and no one else is to know. At least until it's time."

Gracie nodded, looking down at Lilia and then around her. "I see no cup to dilute the poison."

"Give it to her directly." Cain smiled, "She can handle it."

Gracie lowered her head above Lilia, slowly opening her mouth. The clear poison dripped from her fangs into Lilia's mouth.

In an instant, Lilia felt her heart racing. The pure aphrodisiac was a force to be feared.

"Let's go," Cain pushed inside Lilia in one go causing her to gasp.

***

As Zaleria was taking a nap on the deck, a drow kid approached her. "I want to meet Cain Lisworth. Can you inform him that someone is here to see him?" Mauzzkyl said with a smile.

Zaleria stood up, Thud! She leaped from the hammock and looked at his face. "Cain is busy right now. You can wait or come later."

"Call him now. It's urgent," Mauzzkyl growled. He hated waiting because he does it a lot in his job. But he then realized it. Why is a red dragon taking a drow kid seriously?

"I won't wait," He glared at her, "Go call him now."

Zaleria glared at him, a fire bursting in her eyes, "Listen, shadowspawn. You won't survive a fight."

Mauzzkyl went silent. It's been centuries since someone caught his draconic blood. He is a drow shadow dragon, half dark elf, half black shadow dragon.

'I can kill her instantly, but simultaneously, she will tear my arm. I also have to deal with the Red explosion after. She might blast the whole city and collapse the cavern.' Mauzzkyl thought a fight was worth it.

Then, Mauzzkyl saw something.

An old man with a short white beard approached Zaleria from the back, his footstep completely silent. He took a handful of Zaleria hair into his hand and, Sniff! Took a deep whiff, "Sir Lisworth really has a refined taste." He said, "Ash, sulfur, and brimstone. There is a hint of pumice as well." He smiled.

Zaleria calmly turned around, lifting her palm up, "Care to explain?" Her claws extended.

"Hoho!" The man got excited, "Look at his hands. They are perfect." He immediately grabbed her palm, "The forge will rumble, say little red, want to be a blacksmith?"

It was then that Mary finally reached them, pulling the old man by the hair, "I told you to stay close to me!" she flung a punch at him, and he took it in the face laughing.

"I couldn't help it. This flame is the second-best flame I saw since I went to Moradin's (The dwarf god) forge." He smiled, "Say, little red, care to be a blacksmith?"

"Who is this?" Zaleria asked, and Mary sighed.

"My father, Bahamut." She said with a sad face.

Mauzzkyl lifted his guard up, 'The metallic dragon god, here in the mortal world?' He was a bit confused for a second, but sensing the old man's presence was almost impossible, so it must be true.VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"This isn't an avatar?" He asked with a serious face.

Bahamut looked at Mauzzkyl with a smile, "Nice observation, little one. This body is a divine body of Platinum that Moradin forged for me." Bahamut smiled. "I paid him with Platinum, enough so he can create a body for himself."

Zaleria glared at him. 'I want to kick him, but I will destroy the ship.' she sighed.

"I need to meet Cain Lisworth for an important matter." Mauzzkyl restated himself, glaring at Zaleria and Mary.

"I want to see this girl Sofia. Does she really have my sister's power?" Bahamut combed his beard, looking at the mansion door.

"What's the noise about?" Jack leaped from the crow nest and descended with a rope. Thud! He landed beside them, "Old man, I've seen you harass one of my crew." Jack pointed his sword at Bahamut.

FUSH! Suddenly, Mauzzkyl disappeared in a weak shadow burst. After three seconds, he returned, "Sorry about that, just work."

Bahamut ignored Jack's threat and looked at Mauzzkyl, "I smell blood on you,"

"Someone called my name. I killed him and the man he asked me to kill. Let me reintroduce myself," Mauzzkyl sighed.

Cain had beaten Lolth, has Tiamat as a wife and has been recently visited by the laughing tornado, and now the metallic dragon god has shown up.

"Mauzzkyl Jaezred, the strongest assassin in the world."

Bahamut smiled, "Bahamut, the metallic dragon god." He looked at Mauzzkyl, extending his hand, "Nice to meet you, Mauzzkyl."

"I thought you Metalic hated us chromatic dragons," He hesitated to take his hand.

Bahamut made a confused face, "My sister is the chromatic dragon goddess. Of course, I won't hate the chromatic. I hate the one who killed her and the chromatic dragon king." Bahamut finally looked a bit serious.

Zaleria approached Jack, "Lower your sword. They aren't enemies."

"Cain is now dealing with the Laughing tornado. It's in your best interest to wait."

Bahamut and Mauzzkyl took a step backward, "She is still here?" Bahamut asked with a serious face.

"She doesn't linger long outside of the elvish capital." Mauzzkyl had enough information to stay away from Lilia's way.

The mansion door opened, and Sofia walked out, "Zaleria, we're adding Lilia to the group. But she will work independently."

Bahamut smiled upon seeing Sofia and feeling his sister's presence in her, but he thought about what she said.

"What do you mean?" He gasped.

"This is my father," She pointed at Bahamut, "This is Mauzzkyl Jaezred, the assassin." Mary quickly introduced them.

"We're accepting Lilia as one of Cain's wives, just checking if no one has an objection."

Bahamut and Mauzzkyl froze in place. The laughing tornado is getting married?

"I have no objection," Zaleria said with a smile, "Are Morena and Lolth also counted?"

Sofia thought about it. "Those two are already a part of him. We can't separate them."

Sofia then looked at Mary,

"I also don't have any objection, albeit being a bit worried about Lilia's behavior." Mary replied, with a smile, "But I'm sure Cain will handle her."

The two men listening has already given up. Is Cain a madman?

"Are you sure?" Mauzzkyl asked with a worried face.

Sofia stared at him, "Of course. Just wait a bit for them to finish a private discussion."

Bahamut patted Mauzzkyl's head, "Give up. We're facing a monster if the laughing tornado stuck to him."

He then looked at Sofia, "In the meantime, can we talk a bit?"

"You're the one who was supposed to teach me how to use my power." She said, "Let's go inside, the other girls would love to listen."