Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

It was midnight as Kayden leaped from the forest with a boom. Cain barely kept up with him, "Can't he slow down a bit? Charging blindly like this."

...

A fair distance away, Takeshi screamed, swinging his Nodashi.

"MAKOTO!"

The demon's king body morphed into a gigantic massive of flesh, arms, mangled faces, mouths, and eyes. Absorbing all of his subordinates and the samurais fighting him, he evolved into a giant abomination named Hecatoncheires.

Each of the demon king's endless arms held a weapon. Swords, bows, crossbows, shields, axes, maces, and even warhammers, most of which were magical weapons.

The demon king's body flowed like water but had the consistency of adamantine, each of his arms swung at the same target simultaneously like the blades of a blender.

CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! Takeshi deflected each hit coming at him, dancing amid the dust and shattered ground.

"It's useless and useless! Human!" The demon king screamed, his voice sounding like thousands of people crying.

CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! Swinging his sword like a crazed tornado, Takeshi growled, "We're not going to lose to a pile of minced meat."

To the other samurais, Takeshi's swings were just as monstrous as the demon king. "He's fast enough to fend off hundreds of swords. How did he grow so strong?" one of them gasped.

SMACK! Yamauba smacked him on the face with her staff, "Then go fight, coward." She then started walking toward Takeshi even though the fight didn't stop.

"It's you, demon!" One of the samurais cried.

Yamauba sighed, "I thought we got over that. I'm a wizard, not a demon."

"You're all the same. It's your kind's curses who called this disaster upon us!" One of them cried.

Yamauba ignored them and marched carefully toward Takeshi. He seems to be doing well fending the demon king's swords, but the best he can achieve is protecting himself. "Takeshi, let me stand beside you to cast magic."

"Approache slowly. Protecting you is hard." He screamed.

The samurai cried, "Stop demon, you will only harm Takeshi." Thud! As he said that, a man grabbed him by the head.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

"You live the good life, don't you?" Daraku said with a smile, grabbing the samurai with a dagger to the neck, "Yamauba is my friend's woman. I can't have run your mouth like that." He said.

"Don't kill him!" Miko screamed from the back, "There is no need for that now," She said, panting.

Daraku stared back at her. SLICE! He took the samurai's head, "Yamauba saved his whole family. If that wasn't enough to convince him. Then he should die." Daraku kicked the samurai's corpse to the side, "We don't need people like him,"

"That messed up!" Miko cried.

"That's why I'm your rogue. Leave the dirty work to me," Daraku said as his body disappeared. CLANG! He appeared on top of the demon king, stabbing him with his dagger. "I had this marinate in holy water for a month. Let's hope you like the taste."

The demon king screamed. His attacks stopped for a second, which allowed Yamauba to reach Takeshi.

"Die, you bastard!" The demon king cried, sending his swords toward Daraku, who leaped away. "You can move already?" CLANG! He deflected one, but the rest were impossible.

ZON! Luckily for him, Yamauba teleported him before he could be turned into minced meat. "Thank you!"

"I wanted to blow that idiot's head. But didn't want to waste the MP," Yamauba yelled, banging her staff on the ground.

[Blade Ward] a tiny chance to deflect a sword attack with a magical barrier.

[Magic Shield]: A crystal magic shield that floats around the target and protects him.

[Haste] Increase the target speed.

[Circle of Power] Passively regenerate stamina for one person standing in it. The circle is created beneath the caster's feet.

[Swiftness] Slightly increase the target speed.

[Lesser empowerment] Slightly increase the target strength.

Even if it was minimal, if she reduced the number of attacks reaching Takeshi, he would slowly dig his way toward the demon king.

The demon king started laughing, "He isn't here. You don't have a chance of winning!"

CRACK! From beneath Miko's feet, a hand emerged from the dirt and grabbed her ankle. SLAP! Her body was flung across the battlefield and smacked into a nearby house.

"Miko!" Daraku screamed. But the moment he looked away, the demon king swung all of his swords at him.

ZON! Yamauba managed to save Daraku from an imminent death, but that messed up her concentration.

Thwack! Takeshi pushed her away with a single kick as protecting her became impossible, "Run!" He screamed as the demon king's swords fell on him.

CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG!

Takeshi screamed as he tried deflecting all the attacks but to no avail. SLASH! He lost his left arm, and with a powerful mace strike, he flew backward with broken ribs. "Takeshi!" Yamauba cried, rushing toward him.

Yamauba looked around for Miko. She saw Daraku trying to force her bloodied, motionless body to drink a healing potion. Their healer was down, the formation crumbled, and the demon king won't wait.

It was then that Yamauba felt it, two masses approaching at an incredible speed.

The demon king stopped moving for a second, "Kayden, but who is the other one?" He wondered, "But you die first!" He swings his blades at Yamauba and Takeshi.

ZON! A small portal opened up between them and the demon king, and from it, Kayden emerged. Taking a deep breath, [Demon blade: Thousand slashes]

BAM! As if it was a single hit, Kayden deflected all the attacks. "HAAAA!" He exhaled, taking a stance [Demon Blade: Extended blade] [Blade flow: Hundred strike dance] [Triple slash] [Eight demon dances: Muso Jikiden Eishin-ryu]

Kayden's body disappeared. Only the flicker of his blade as it slicked the demon king's arms remained. CLANG! Kayden sheathed his blade behind the demon king, "HAAA!" He exhaled.

Almost immediately, the demon king regenerated all of his arms. "I have grown stronger, Kayden!" He growled, sending his swords at Kayden.

Before he could hit Kayden, a wave of telekinetic power struck the demon king, sending his body to the sky. "A Hecatoncheires, I won't if Master will find you interesting," Cain said, floating beside the demon king.

[Blood wave] The demon king finally used his magic, creating a massive explosion of blood that send Cain away.

"Did he just explode?" The sheer strength surprised Cain, "It's dangerous to fight this thing close to people!"

As Cain looked around, hundreds of swords swung at him. With a stern face, he lifted his hand and spoke, "Morena!" Like a shadow, Morena appeared behind Cain and punched all the swords away. "ARA! ARA! ARA! AAAA!"

As all the swords bounced back, Cain smiled, "Lolth!" Lolth appeared in front of Cain and swung her palms. Her web immediately entangled the demon king, "I hate demons like you." She smiled.

Thud! Thud! Thud! Thud! Kayden ran on the web and reached the demon king, [Demon Blade: Extended blade] [Blade flow: Hundred strike dance] [Triple slash] [Eight demon dances: Hyoho Niten Ichi-ryu]

Kayden tore the demon king apart.