Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

In a pile of disgusting flesh and bones, the demon king regenerated. His vile blood burned the ground as it rained down.

Scratches of evil laughter boomed across the newly created wasteland, "Kayden, today you die. I can regenerate faster than my HP!" From the disgusting pile of flesh. A man stood naked with a blade in his right hand.

The demon king pointed the blade at the sky where Cain and Kayden were.

Slowly, he lowered the sword.

"Cain, leave this fight to me," Kayden said, tearing his shirt up as he transformed.

"Why?"

"You will get in the way," Kayden replied, leaping from Lolth's web toward the demon king.

BAM! Kayden landed standing, and the ground around him exploded from the impact. Thud! Thud! With each step he took toward the demon king, his power grew.

Cain quickly flew toward the dragon's fang, "Here are some healing potions." He immediately threw them some potions and flicked his finger. [Prismatic dome]

As Yamauba stared around, Alice and Gracie leaped from Cain's shadow.

"Heal them and make sure they survive."

Alice rushed toward Miko, who had suffered the most injuries, "Broken back, ribs, hip, and multiple fractures." Alice said when inspecting her, "She might never stand again."

"Worry not. We can fix that later. Just make sure Miko recovers." Cain replied. "I will take care of her. You go heal the beefy one." Ariel flew in, with Chad grabbing her ankle.

The two immediately switched roles, Alice healing Takeshi while Ariel cared for Miko since she was a better healer.

Cain stared at his father, "Did you just hang to her?"

"She can't transform into a dragon." Chad replied, "Should we help him?"

"He asked not to. But will charge if things started going sour." Cain replied.

Bahamut appeared behind them, scratching his chin. "Two absolute demons. I wonder how it will end." He opened one eye and stared at Chad. "You smell like grandfather AO. You even have the same oppressive feeling."

Cain immediately spoke, "He's a paladin to AO. Not like your grandfather talk much."

Bahamut extended his hand to Chad, "I'm Bahamut, Mary's father. Nice to meet you."

"Chad, Cain's father." Chad took his hand. CLAP! "I feel like we could get along well." Chad smiled.

"Me too," Bahamut replied.

***

Kayden faced the demon king, "Today you die," Kayden growled. The ground trembles at his words.

"That's not for children to decide. You shall submit to my will like the others." The demon king stared at Kayden. His cursed aura burned the ground and formed a miasma cloud.

In the time it took a human to blink.

Kayden swung his six swords simultaneously. The force behind them was inhumane. Complete devastation and lack of restraint are the essences of destruction.

The demon king swirled his sword, making it resembles a thousand blade, "Swinging like an ape!" He growled.

CLANG! The demon king deflected Kayden's strikes, sending him backward.

[Blood Demon: Blood hunter]

Before Kayden could hit the ground, three copies of the demon king surrounded him, each swinging a sword.

Kayden twisted his body mid-air, kicking one of the copies in the face and slashing the other two. "Blood clones." Kayden said, "There is the real one."

Kayden blasted ahead, swinging his sword at the king's miasma. CLANG! A sword emerged and blocked his attack.

The blink ended.

Bahamut stared in surprise, "That's a fast boy, my money on the demon king."

Chad stared at him, "My money on Kayden. He has more sword skills than he showed us."

The two then looked at Cain, "Which one?"

Cain stared at them, "Me? My money on the third one." He smiled.

The two stopped to think, "Who?"

Then Lolth approached Cain and looked toward the battlefield, "Isn't that Dwiergus of the flesh forge? And I thought you died in some corner of the abyss." She said, waving her hand to the demon king.

The demon king stole a glance at her. Everyone could sense the utter confusion he was feeling.

Not only Lolth but behind her stood Bahamut, the metallic dragon god. And now that he carefully sensed his surroundings, Tiamat, the chromatic dragons' goddess, was around with around ten capable individuals.

"Am I surrounded?" He gasped.

"Pretty much, yes," Cain replied.

Chad and Bahamut approached Cain, "Do you know him?"

Cain shook his head, "Not me. She knows him." He had access to all of Lolth's memories.

"That man is a demon of flesh and bones that lives in layer 558 of the abyss. His domain is called the fleshforge." Cain explained.

Cain then walked a bit away and closed his eyes. ~Umberlee~

~Cain, god of madness. What do you need?~ She replied immediately.

Cain lifted an eyebrow, "I expected a more submissive answer, but that doesn't matter. Go to the fleshforge in layer 558 and bring me Dwiergus alive~

Umberlee sighed, ~You destroyed my Avatar. You can't expect me to go there with my real body~

~You have one hour, bring me Dwiergus alive, or I will come for you~

~I can't mean I can't~

~Fine~

Cain looked back at his father and Bahamut, "Please excuse me for a moment." And he disappeared with Lolth.

BAM! On the other side, Kayden and the demon king were wreaking havoc, destroying anything that entered their fight.

***

In the abyss, Cain and Lolth instantly appeared in the middle of Umberlee's domain. A long blue marble floor with a single pearl throne with countless mermaids serving her, as waterfalls surrounded the place.

The mermaids magically swam through the air.

But the goddess wasn't on her throne. She was on the ground writhing in agony with mermaids scrambling to treat her.

Cain looked to the side. The Avatar looked fine, "Umberlee, I knew you were lying." He said, smiling, "My tentacle is slowly munching on your insides. You better find me a good excuse." He walked toward her with Lolth behind him.

Two mermaids in a humanoid form cut his way, and Cain faced them in silence.

The two mermaids went on their knees, "Lord Cain, please spare our goddess. We offer you everything we have." They begged.

Cain silently walked, ignoring them. Umberlee, on the other hand, stepped on their heads, "I will take your everything, but forgiving you idiot goddess is master's decision."

"Please do," The two mermaids answered, trying their best to get any favor.

Cain walked past growling Umberlee and sat on her throne, resting his head on his hand, "What should I do with you?"

"My lord and master Cain, please forgive me." Umberlee cried.

Cain glared at her, "I don't feel like it," A massive gaping mouth appeared beside the throne.

"Jump in. I'm eating you and taking the domain." Cain said with a passive face.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Umberlee froze in place. Is this her end? She didn't expect him to be able to teleport to her domain. How did he know that she fixed the Avatar? The answer was the tentacle inside her stomach.

"Lolth, please say something!" Umberlee cried, staring at Lolth.

"Well, you got what you deserve. But since I'm a part of Cain, I will say one thing." Lolth smiled, and Cain glared at her, "You still have a chance to keep your domain and position, just think about it."