Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Cain stared at Lolth, "Who told you to speak?"

Her face went sour, his mind changed, and she felt it.

"I will let you keep your domain if you convince Lolth with something." Cain looked at Umberlee.

"What is it? Master Cain?" Umberlee asked with shaking lips.

"I like hearing her scream, so convince her to go through a month of torture, and I will let you go." Cain declared. Now it's a matter of what price Umberlee can pay Lolth to suffer in her place.

"No way, forget it." Lolth quickly spoke, "There is no way I will go through that for you."

Umberlee couldn't think of a way to convince Lolth. Her hands were tied.

The two mermaids from earlier rushed toward Cain, kneeling in front of him. "Lord Cain, we will go through that month. No, please make it a year of torture." They begged.

Swosh! Morena appeared beside Cain with a smile, sitting on his lap. Hugging his neck, she asked, "Why are you angry, my love?"

Cain glared at her, "I'm not angry, just disappointed."

Morena rubbed her head on his chest, "I want to watch the demon fight, so can you allow me to fix this situation? Please?"

Cain sighed, "Do what you like,"

Morena smiled, "Yay! Love you!" She kissed him on the cheek and stood.

"Lolth, you get back and get yourself ready for a beating. Never speak of Master's thoughts without his permission," Morena growled.

"But I wanted to help," Lolth cried.

Morena grabbed her by the neck, "Get back, and no more unnecessary words. You're still not trusted nor obedient." Lolth's body disappeared into smoke as she got absorbed by Cain.

Morena then walked toward Umberlee, "You got yourself in trouble by lying and refusing orders. Dig yourself out with truth and obedience."

Umberlee stared at Cain, shaking. "I wanted to get you to the fleshforge and weaken you there. I thought I could overtake you before you recover your strength from fighting Lolth."

Morena patted Umberlee on the head, "Good girl, now, make it up for him and go finish what he ordered you." Morena stood and kicked Umberlee toward Cain.

Umberlee was confused, unable to guess what she must do. With begging eyes, she stared back at Morena.

Morena sighed, "You'll owe me for this." She walked toward the mermaids, "Listen, can some of you help Umberlee?" She wrapped her arm around one of the mermaids, "But what could we do?" The mermaid asked with a confused face.

"Say, who is your Master? Think about it deeply before opening your mouth."

The mermaid thought of Umberlee but changed her mind, "We serve Lord Cain, whom Umberlee serves."

Morena smiled, "That's true. You're smart. I like you." Morena looked her in the eyes, "What do you do with a servant who disobeyed your master?"

"We punish them." The mermaid replied.

"Then what are you waiting for?" Morena said, pointing at Umberlee, "There is a disobedient servant there. Go punish her, beat her, so she obeys her Master."

Morena wanted the mermaids to beat Umberlee, and so they did, all ganged on her. Umberlee was alone, and Cain controlled her servants from that day.

The price of her actions was the loyalty of all of her servants.

Morena looked at the mermaids beating Umberlee with kicks. She turned and walked toward Cain with a smile.

"Say, Cain, can I sit on your lap again?" she asked with a smile.

"Of course, you can," Cain replied, and she leaped on his lap, laughing. Quickly, she started sniffing his chest, "Master, Master!" She giggled.

"What do you want? Just say it." Cain asked.

"Let's leave until it's only the two of us," She smiled.

Cain kissed her cheek, "I will one day provide you with a private body," He kissed her back.

After Umberlee was beaten up and on her way to get Dwiergus, Cain returned to the mortal world where Kayden and the demon king clashed.

BAM! BAM! Kayden and the demon lord race across the land, leaving a wake of destruction.

In the blink of an eye: Kayden landed on the ground, his eyes darting around with a red flare. VAM! Hundreds of swords appeared around him, rumbling.

Kayden took a deep breath, [Demon Blade: Extended blade] [Blade flow: Hundred strike dance] [Triple slash] [Eight demon dances: Jigen-ryu]

Holding all of his six swords up to his cheek, Kayden swung them in one powerful motion.

The simple yet powerful technique, enhanced with incredible demonic power, resulted in a massive storm that swiped all of the demon king's swords.

As the demon lord got flung back, Kayden leaped at him. CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! BAM! After a brief exchange, the king got kicked away.

As he rolled on the ground, Kayden kicked him again. Thwack!

The blink ended, and the demon lord barely stood, coughing blood. "You're strong, more than I expected," He laughed, "Then what about this?" The demon lord conjured a lump of flesh, and Kayden lifted his guard.

The demon lord plunged his hand into the lump of flesh, and from it, he pulled Lily out. The woman who was staying with Kayden. "Sorry, she's already dead," The demon lord ripped her head off.

Kayden stood there, staring in shock. His demonic form reverted. He only glared at the king in his six-eye form.

"This is it, despair demon. This is what you get for daring to lift your weapon against the king!" The demon lord laughed.

"[What did you do?]" Kayden spoke in a little girl's voice.

The demon lord froze, "Who?" He growled.

"[You dare lay your hand on my Lily]" Kali and Kayden started speaking in sync, and even though he was in a humanoid form, his demonic power spiked.

The demon lord lifted his blade, and then he saw her, A little girl glaring at him from the heavens with a maniac smile, [Kayden-chan, rip and tear until it is done.]

Kali is the goddess of destruction, demons, chaos, revenge, wrath, orphans, honor, and perseverance.

Two pairs of pink eyes appeared on Kayden's forehead. His whole torso was covered with a pink-glowing tattoo that mixed with his purple demonic aura into a chaotic flare of black abyss fire.

His aura spiked again, and even Bahamut gasped upon sensing it, "The genius goddess is letting her blood lust out,"

[KAYDEN] This time, everyone heard her voice, [I HAVE GIFTS FOR YOU]

Two swords appeared in Kayden's hands, a golden engraved Katana in his right and an eye-filled blue glowing Katana in his left.

[DEMONIC SUN BLADE CRAFTED BY AMATERASU]Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

[DEMON MOON BLADE OF THE ABYSS CRAFTED BY SELUNE]

[THE DEMON GOD'S EYES WHICH BELONGED TO FATHER ASHURA]

The demon lord stepped back, "What is this? Who is speaking?" He cried, seeing Kayden approaches him with a demonic, unlike anything he knew.

Staring at them, Yamauba said with a shocked face, "Lily has started worshiping Amaterasu and Selune. Killing her must have triggered the whole of Tia."

Cain reinforced his [Prismatic Dome], "Everyone hides inside. Kayden is about to explode on the demon lord!" He shouted, and all the girls in the area rushed in and dragged the people with them.

'Kayden was an agent of Ashura, the god of destruction. Now he is an agent of Tia, the only divine rank 20 goddesses.' Cain thought, "Let's hope he doesn't become a paladin on top of his demonic power."