Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

A few hours later, Lily opened her eyes inside the magnificent mansion with Kayden sitting beside her bed.

She slept on a massive bed that Cain had made specifically for her, as her knees would dangle from a regular bed. There was a small table with some fruits and a large water bottle beside the bed.

Cain infused the whole room with Kayden's demonic magic to accelerate Lily's healing, so he covered the walls with blood markings.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

For her clothes, Ariel and Alice have worked hard to get her to wear a massive-sized kimono. They first got one from a type of fighter called Somo in the nearby village, but then Cain smacked Lolth and forced her to sew a personal, Lily-sized kimono from her web.

******

<Name: Lily Daimon><Race: Blood Demon><Level: 3/20><Exp: 350/2700>

<HP: 93/93 ><MP: 36/36><SP: 81/81>

<Strength: 20/20><Dexterity: 12/12><Constitution: 20/20>

<Intelligence: 9/9><Wisdom: 11/11><Charisma: 18/18>

******

"GHA!" Lily instantly sat up, gasping for air.

"Good morning. Did you sleep well?" Kayden asked, staring at her face.

Lily slowly turned to the side, staring at him and then at the door behind him. She doesn't know this room. 'I remember a massive mass of flesh and swords attacking me.' she thought with a worried face.

"What happened to that thing?" She cried.

"Dead, I tore it apart, and Cain devoured its core," Kayden replied, lifting the bottle of water to the side of the bed and handing it to her.

Lily stopped for a moment, staring at his face. Having him by her side gave her a sense of safety and fear.

It was strange, and something was different about it. Lily immediately realized that she was looking down at him.

'Both of us sit on the same level, and he is supposed to be taller than me.' She thought, and it slowly came to her.

Blood-red arms and taller, she touched her cheek with a worried face. "What happened to me?" She gasped.

"You died and resurrected with my blood as a demon." Kayden looked at her face, "You don't like it?"

Kayden was worried. For the longest part, he thought she was a dog, and now he made her a demon.

Lily sat silent for a moment, thinking about it. "Hold up, you see me as a human?" She finally realized that Kayden wasn't treating her as a dog.

"Sorry about that. I can see you as a humanoid now." Kayden replied. And felt bad about treating her like a dog.

Lily giggled, "Don't worry about it. It was annoying, but then I got used to it." She grabbed his hand. It was small compared to her, "Say, how strong I am now?"

She smiled. 'I must be strong if Kayden can see me normally.'

"Weak, I say you have impressive starting stats, but you're weak enough to be killed by a gang of goons." Kayden replied without mercy, "But I don't see anyone attacking a massive creature like you."

"Creature?" She gasped, "What do you mean?"

"Creature, in a living being. Most people will see you as a monster. So to them, you're a creature, a blood demon." Kayden explained, "You're my Kin now, a demon that rose from my blood. What do you want to do?"

Lily stared at him, "Nothing. I want to live as usual by your side." She smiled, "What do you want to do?"

"Since I killed the demon king, I took his place and is a demon lord now. I should probably raise more demons." He stood up, "Can you walk?"

Lily stood, almost twice as tall as Kayden, "Of course, I can."

***

In another room, Miko woke up to find Daraku resting his legs on her knees, eating the fruits beside her bed. "I'm supposed to be sick, right?" Her memory wasn't as cloudy. She remembered taking the demon king's hit.

Daraku silently lifted one of his legs and immediately dropped it down on her knees. "AW!" Miko cried, "That hurts!"

Seeing her, Daraku pulled his legs and rested his face on her hips, "It worked," He sighed in relief.

"What is it?" she stared at him and sighed, combing his hair with her fingers. "I made you worry?" She smiled.

***

Takeshi opened his eyes and immediately sat up, "Yamauba, good morning!" He said energetically and with a smile.

Yamauba, who was reading a book beside his bed, glanced at him. "How much are those?" She lifted two fingers.

"Five!" Takeshi replied, and she immediately kicked him in the face. But no matter how much she pushed, she could get his face to budge an inch.

"Hahaha!" Takeshi laughed, "Is this revenge for me pushing you into the fight?"

"Shut up, idiot. You almost died there." She cried.

Takeshi grabbed her ankle and pulled her to the bed, sitting her on his lap. "I'm fine. My injury wasn't as severe as Miko's."

"Let me go!" She cried with a red face.

"I don't want to," Takeshi replied, hugging her tighter.

***

Cain walked into the mansion after his deal with Umberlee and Dwiergus.

Dwiergus had the arcane ability to morph his flesh and bones. Before, Cain could only slightly change his body, but now he can freely control it.

As he looked around, no one was there, so he activated it, [Dwiergus's flesh morpth]

Upon activating it, his body immediately transformed to resemble Alice. This transformation wasn't an illusion. His appearance changed.

Cain stared at his hands. It was almost impossible to distinguish them if he controlled his magic output.

"Alice." He called her, and she appeared beside him.

"What did you? AHAA!" She screamed, surprised to see another of herself.

"What is this? What did you do?" She stared at him, immediately recognizing his magic.

"I can shapeshift freely!" Cain smiled, taking on Farry's form, Sofia, Zaleria, Selena, and Lilia, then back to his Cain form.

Alice scratched her head, "Where did you get this ability? And did you call me just for this?"

Cain looked at her with a smile, "Is everyone ready for the Lolth domain?" He asked.

Alice nodded, "You will be taking Gracie and Selena with you. Of course, you can still call on reinforcements whenever you need them." She said, smiling, "Going by Lolth's words, your first destination is a succubus kingdom. Please be careful."

"A succubus kingdom. Did you do it?" Cain asked.

"Lilia and Lolth informed. You're free to use all the succubus there, but it will be best to leave it to Gracie." Alice sighed, "But be careful, don't let them drain you."

Cain patted her cheek and walked Alice to the other room, "Don't worry about me. I have enough stamina to take control of them. And even if I can't, I can get Lolth to deal with them."

"I don't trust that Lolth spider. Amaya told me that Sylph doesn't trust her." She whispered to Cain, "You know she's me?"

"I know, but she is dangerous. Make sure to remind her what she is at every possible moment." Alice approached him with a gentle hug.

Cain patted her hair, "Worry not. I can deal with her." He kissed her.

"Would you like some time with Lolth?" He asked, "I will make her unable to move, and you can interrogate her as long as you wish?"