Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Alice stared at Cain, "No need, be careful and call me the moment you feel anything strange."

He looked at her, smiling, his head slightly tilted to the side, "Don't worry, I will be all right."

As he said that, his body disappeared into a trail of silvery mist, leaving tiny sparkles of light in his place.

"He headed to Selena. I better move as well." She closed her eyes, and her body drowned in the ground.

PLUP! Alice leaped from the ground behind Cain. "You could at least take me with you." She said, glaring at him with a frown.

How do I look? Cain turned toward her, his hair three times longer, his eyes glowing blue, and his body donned into black leather armor.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"Suprise, how does this look?" He smiled.

"I prefer your regular look, nice and slick." She poked him in the side and disappeared.

Cain stared at the void around him, "Well, time to move." [Teleport] his body disappeared, and he emerged on the ship deck. Gracie and Selena were getting ready there.

The two girls stared at him, "Cain-nya, are we heading out-nya?"

Cain nodded, closing his eyes and letting the mana flow through his arms. ZON! ZON! ZON!

A large blue portal opened up, and Lolth walked from behind Cain, "What a beautiful portal."

***

Inside Lolth's succubi cocoon, a maid started cleaning the main library in the royal palace.

Looking around at the dusty shelves, she sighed. "No one uses this place besides Lady Lolth. We can't let it become dirty. I know that, but why?"

She started with a depressed face, "She never entered this place in the past century. Cleaning it twice a week seems excessive."

She grabbed her towel and started wiping the shelves and drying them.

As she cleaned and cleaned, her depression grew bigger and bigger. She stopped, taking a deep breath. "Another time, I can't take it." She closed her eyes and sat in the corner for a few moments.

"Doing the same work over and over for years, I can't take it."

This place operated like a bee hive, and each succubus had a role. Those roles were unchanging.

"I will volunteer for Lady Lolth's next feeding session." She sighed. Their only way to escape was to feed to Lolth, which any succubus can volunteer to do.

ZON! ZON! ZON!

A blue flare ignited in the middle of the library.

"Kya!" The maid leaped away, rolling like a hedgehog into the corner, as she turned and sensed the magic flowing from the gate. She started to tremble.

The greasy feeling of tentacles caressing her body as spiders crawled into her orifices. Then a predator glared at her as the sweet smell of a powerful succubus poured into her nose.

The maid didn't know whether to be disgusted, terrified or aroused. Her only option is to give up before the creatures from behind the gate have even appeared.

BAM! Cain walked out of the blue portal and glared at the shaking maid in the corner. His deep blue eyes looked down at her, sending a feeling of both awe and fear.

She tried to move, but her legs were frozen. She couldn't even open her mouth and speak.

From behind Cain, Lolth walked out with a straight face and glared at the maid. "Already found one of you," Lolth said with a smile.

Hearing Lolth's words, the maid bit the inside of her cheek and forced her body to move. She crawled to Lolth's feet and kneeled, ignoring Cain.

"Lady Lolth, what are your orders."

Lolth smiled. "First, let's start with AW!" Before she could finish talking, Cain grabbed her head and turned it to face him, "SAY IT!" He growled.

"I was about to punish her for bowing to me instead of your lordship!" Lolth cried, and Cain glared at her.

"Next time, I will make you bow to her instead. Don't go around bullying bottom workers."

Lolth cried, "You called her a bottom worker as well."

"That's a blessing, especially when the high worker gets into shady deals." Cain glared at her, "Like you, For your evil deeds, I can kill you a million times and never feel bad. But your servants like this maid have no sins."

Lolth grabbed Cain's arm, "I only recruit evil people. All the succubus here has at least assaulted people in their lifetime."

Cain looked at the maid, and Lolth growled, "Say it!"

"Lady Lolth is right. I worked as a maid from a noble to the other. Slowly draining their wives away." The maid said, scratching her cheek.

"What?"

"I worked as a maid, just like you see me here. But at night or when the master isn't away, I become an incubus and assault his wives." The maid continued, and Cain sighed.

ZON! Selena and Gracie walked out of the portal, having heard the maid talk.

They were a bit late since Selena kept chasing the sparkling light of the portal, and Gracie had to drag her out.

Gracie glared at the maid, and the maid glared at her. "A succubus maid, never seen one before." Gracie gasped.

"You're one-nya."

Cain let go of Lolth, sighing. "I don't care. Explain to her quickly."

Lolth cleared her throat, "As you see, I was defeated and absorbed by him. Now all of you here are managed by him."

The maid stared at them, confused. Her eyes darted between Cain and Lolth, unable to comprehend what she was hearing.

"I short, I own the place now." Cain said with an exhausted face, "You don't have to worry about Lolth coming to eat you again. But you have to worry about serving me instead."

The maid finally spoke, "Do you mean that Lady Lolth no longer controls the demon web?" She gasped.

Lolth scratched her cheek, "I will call it the tentacle sea instead now, but you don't have to worry about it." The area around the cocoons slowly started reflecting Cain's magic. Instead of spider webs, his tentacles engulfed the place in a sea of goo.

Cain coughed, "Well, care to tell me about the place? Where is your queen, and can I find some priestesses here?"

The maid stared at him, "This place is a regular castle in the capital of a kingdom." She looked at Lolth, "There are over fifty cities in the kingdom. Each one produces a specialty, much like a human kingdom."

Lolth nodded with a smile. She tried to tell Cain about the place, but he sprinkled salt on her words, so she needed another person to explain it.

"Even though we have regular food, we succubus need life energy sucked from mortal men to survive. That's the kingdom's currency." The maid looked at Lolth with a scared face.

"She used to drop a finite amount each year, which we trade for goods, clothes, and services like money. But, since we usually eat it, it runs away and needs to be replenished." The maid started shaking, "Since Lolth is no longer the ruler, does this mean we're going to starve to death?"

"That's how I keep a leash on them. Each year I decided if they served me well or not. That determines the amount I give them." Lolth said with a smile.

"Starving is horrible. I don't like it." Gracie knew how the maid felt. She can't stay more than a couple of days without gulping on Cain. She couldn't imagine living on diluted drops each year.