Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Cain smiled, lifting his hand. SWOSH! His finger transformed into a long tentacle.

Gracie glared at him, "You aren't going to feed her normally?"

Cain stared back at her with a puzzled. "It won't end if I do that to everyone."

Cain was right. Going around to all the succubus and feeding them is a stupid idea.

"Then how do you intend to feed them?" Lolth asked, and Cain turned toward her, "How did you feed them?"

"Took the banker of each city and had them lick me till they got filled. I then drop them back to spread the power." She explained, and Cain stared at her with a weird face.

"Then what are you going to do-nya?"

Cain smiled, his magic boiling, "I will build a dungeon in each city. It won't take that much time."

As they were talking, the maid stared at them for a while.

"Excuse me, my lord, but what is this?" she pointed at the wiggling green tentacle Cain had protruding from his hand.

Cain looked at her, "It's one of my tentacles. You will get accustomed to them well in the future. Just suck on it for some food."

As the maid started sucking, Cain smiled, "I will give you a diluted dose, so just take slow in the start." She hasn't eaten in years, and Cain can't guess how she will react.

As it flowed down her throat, the succubus's eyes glowed pink as her body shuddered, "This is enough for you." Cain quickly pulled his tentacle and chased it, "Please give me more!" The maid cried.

"You're already full. Giving you more is bad for your health." The tentacle disappeared, "But, if you stick with my maid, you might have a chance of getting a second meal." He pointed toward Gracie.

"The real thing belongs to me. You won't get it." Gracie said with a blank face, "But I can lend you the tentacles," She stared at the maid.

The succubus nodded. "So you're the head maid now?" The maid asked, trying to understand each one standing.

Cain stared at her with a smile, "You must be joking," He patted the maid's head, "To you all here, she is your new queen." He glared directly at her eyes.

A new ruler of the demon web only means a dramatic shift in the ruling power of all the kingdoms.

The maid directly kneeled before Gracie, "I pledge my loyalty to you, my queen." She kissed her shoe.

Gracie squatted to face her directly, "You did it on your own." she said.

The maid stared at Gracie, confused, "This is the bare minimum. The lowest show of loyalty, which won't get the clothes dirty, is kissing the queen's shoes."

Cain had then to remind Gracie of how the cubus operated. Those creatures are more like ants and bees than humans. Usually, the kingdom gets ruled by one king or queen, and all the rest are workers to entertain her/him. But since this place has only succubus, they have a queen.

Usually, when the kingdom has a queen, most residents will be incubi to fit the queen's desire. The reverse is also a thing.

Gracie helped the maid stand, "He's the lord," She pointed at Cain, "I'm your queen." And she then at Selena, "She is one of the lord's wives like me, so give her equal respect," she then looked at Lolth, "This is an object master owns. Please pay her no heed."

"That's cold! Why no one trusts me here?" Lolth cried.

"I mean, you're Lolth." Cain stared at her, "You're still a demi-god and could find a way to escape my complete control."

"Won't that make it more plausible to treat so nicely I get attached?" Lolth stared at Cain, and he sighed.

"I might trust more if you spoke the truth more often."

Lolth smiled, "You saw behind me?" She approached him and leaned on his shoulder.

Tuf! She spat on his cheek, "Of course, I won't find getting in this situation funny. Do you want me to keep grunting all the time?" She glared at him, and the maid got scared, "The only thing good about this is I have a chance of getting you to impregnate me. But you bastard went with my ass and even completely deactivated your sperm. Stop bullshitting me!" She growled at his face.

"That's more like it. Hearing your grunt after your fake smiles is always annoying." Cain replied.

Thud! CRACK! Selena grabbed Lolth by the head, her claws piercing into her skull, "You're a dead spider-gaw!"

Cain stopped her with a smile, "Come on, Selena. Let her speak her mind."

"She's dangerous-nya!" Selena growled.

Cain replied while patting Lolth and Selena's heads, "I know she is dangerous, but she won't get what she wants until she becomes a better girl."

As he said that, Cain looked at the maid and then back at Lolth, "Say, Lolth, would you rather be stepped on by this maid? Or me eating your existence as I did to Dwiergus?"

Immediately after hearing that, Lolth lay on the ground and stared at the maid, "Do it!"

The maid got confused as she was dragged into this argument, "My lord, what should I do?"

"As you can see, Lolth will do anything to get pregnant from me. Feel free to step on her." Cain replied with a smile.

The maid looked down at Lolth and then at Cain.

"Lady Lolth, you killed a lot of us." She stared down at her, "But you're still the one who kept us alive here." The maid bowed to Cain, "My lord, please end this argument."

Cain started laughing and helped Lolth stand with [Telekinesis]

"I like you. What's your name, maid?" Cain looked at her, asking even though he already knew her name.

******

<Name: Kai Bullwork><Race: Cubus (Cursed Succubus)><Level: 19/20><Exp: 37800/305000>

<HP: 399><MP: 570><SP: 559>

<Strength: 18><Dexterity: 22><Constitution: 16>

<Intelligence: 12><Wisdom: 16><Charisma: 30>

Cubus Innate Abilities:

[Shapeshift: Succubus/human]

[Seductive Gaze]

[Aphrodisiac Secretions]

[Limited Absorption]

******

"My name is Kai, Kai Bullwork." She said, looking at Cain's face. He smiled at her, "I like your kind, loyal but not blindly." He patted her head, and Gracie growled, so he patted her as well, and then Selena growled, and he did the same.

After that, Cain and the girls walked out of the library to see a long, sparkling clean hallway filled with golden chandeliers and expensive furniture.Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

"This place looks better than I expected," Cain stared around him, and so did the girls.

Gracie walked to a nearby wooden table, running her finger on it. "There is a bit of dust here. When was the last time you cleaned this place?" she stared at Kai.

"Sorry, my job is to clean the library. This hallway is Amanda's job, but she is on the queen's entertaining duty this week." Kai replied with a gentle bow.

"Alice whipped Klara after she almost caused a problem. I might ask for her help here." She said with a straight face.

"Wait, what?" Cain stared at her. He had never heard of Alice owning a whip.

Kai stared at Gracie with a scared face, "Please do it after we reform our rules."

Gracie smiled, "I wasn't talking about you. I was talking about the queen." Gracie smiled, a sinister feeling behind her grin.