Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Cain and the girls walked across the long hallway without meeting any other succubus for five minutes.

"How long is this hallway?" Cain asked, looking around while scratching his head.

The Kai looked at him, "The castle got built around a mountain. The library we were in is in its heart."

Lolth turned her face, "That place is at the heart of the cocoon. That's where your spell teleported us."

"Lady Lolth is right. We are getting out of the mountain now." The maid looked back.

"We rarely visit this place. I clean the library at the end, and Amanda takes care of the hallway." She looked ahead, "As I said before, Amanda is serving the queen now."

"How long does this service take?" Cain asked.

"From a day to a week, but it only happens once a year," Kai replied. "The queen likes to switch things."

Gracie stared at her, "Isn't that reasonable?"

"If only she didn't have a lot of whims. My turn is four months ahead, but just last week, I had to do it with the queen just because she felt like it." Kai replied with an exhausted face.

"Hopefully, that will change after we meet her," Cain said with a smile.

Kai stared at Cain for a moment and then approached him, covering her mouth with her hand and whispering, "Can I ask for something?"

"Speak. I don't mind." Cain replied.

"I will do anything willingly you want if you humiliated that queen once." She whispered again, and Lolth glared at her.

"Do you think he will do that?"

Cain thought about it and then replied. "I will see when I meet the queen."

After a while, they finally reached the end of the hallway. A massive golden door blocked their way.

"A moment, please. I will open the door." Kai said and then stopped, "You might want to get prepared." She said.

"Why?" Cain asked.

Kai lifted her skirt, showing him the dripping mess she was. "I can stay calm since you fed me, and thanks to the oppressive aura you four release." She lowered her skirt.

"When I open this door, your scent will immediately travel across the castle and attack every succubus. Like bees storming honey, they will attempt to suck you dry."

Cain looked at the door and said, "A single man in a kingdom of succubi, a death sentence?" He smiled, "No, all of you aren't enough for me." For a moment, he released all the seals on his magic.

Like how Melissa got knocked out by drinking Cain's sperm for the first time, Kai felt her consciousness fade away just standing near him. He is now a god and far beyond his past self.

'His presence alone is intoxicating. I feel numb and fuzzy.' Kai fell on her face, shaking in a violent climax.

Lolth started to feel weird. Her stomach tingled violently, and she barely stood.

Gracie and Selena, on the other hand, weren't affected. They are used to basking in Cain's presence all the time.

Gracie helped Kai stand, "Listen, focus on me." She said.

Cain looked at her and smiled, "This is my natural aura. Want me to amplify it just for you?"

Gracie stared at him with her eyes sparkling, "Please do!"

Cain did increase his aura a bit for her.

Gracie looked at him for a few seconds and then looked down at her stomach, "I can feel it. It's like charm magic. The strong will dominate the weak."

Lolth pretended to be calm, "Gods are beings of awe and inspiration, just glancing at them is enough to brainwash mortals into worshipping them." She explained with a slightly red face.

Cain nodded, walking toward the gate. "I'm opening it, just stay behind me and don't attack anyone."

He pushed the door open. BAM!

At that moment, all the maids and servants wandering around the castle stopped moving.

CRACK! In unison, all their heads turned to the side and faced Cain. FLASH! Their eyes started to glow in various shades of red.

"A MALE!" All of them said simultaneously, causing the castle to rumble. For the first time in forever, they could smell an active male.

Cain walked forward, taking his shirt off and opening his arms. "Show me what you have!" Cain said with a confident voice.

Immediately, Cain started releasing his divine aura mixed with tons of charm and psychic magic. From his back, two white wings grew as he stared at the rushing horde of succubi.

"Aren't a tentacle monster-nya?" Selena remembered seeing him in the sea.

Gracie stared at him with an amazed face, "That's just a facade. He looks majestic, but what's behind is even more magnificent." She liked the tentacles more.

As the succubi approached him, most of the weaker ones got knocked just by his scent alone.

FLAP! Cain flapped his wings and blasted out, immediately breaking through a window.

FLAP! FLAP! He flew up and looked around. Thousands of succubi surrounded him.

"A male!"

"The one Lady Lolth brought earlier!"

"Let's suck him dry!"

"He's mine! Hands off!"

"I saw him first!"

"AH!"

"Where is the queen?"

"Didn't Lady Lolth say to leave his sperm to her?"

"She won't know. Let's have a taste!"

Hearing their giggles reminded Cain of the fairies. He smiled and started clapping.

"Listen, I can be to subdue you all and look for some priestesses. Any one of you is willing?"

All the succubi went silent, listening to him. For a moment, they all smiled, "You're mere food, just moan and let us feast on you till your bones fall apart." they all growled.

"Well then, you like it the rough way." Cain opened his palms and clapped them together, [Weird] [Weird][Weird] [Weird] [Weird] [Weird] [Weird]

He cast multiple ninth-tier spells and caused an abnormally illusory wide range of mind control.

All the succubi in the area are aware of his presence yet are forced to act normal. Even though the desire kept burning, they were forced to decent and carry it with their lives.

Cain slowly descended to the ground and looked around. The succubi were walking around the market, buying and selling like any human city.

"This is what I like," Cain flicked his finger, and the girls appeared beside him.

"Cain, what happened?" Gracie asked, weirded by the calm atmosphere.

Cain quickly explained what he did.

"Each of those succubi is horny, wishing for me to do something to them. But I robbed their ability to initiate it. They can't make the first move or show their desire." Cain approached a random woman in the street.

"Can I ask you something?" Cain looked at her.

The succubus faced him with a smile, "Of course, my lord Cain. Feel free to ask me anything." She bowed down.

"About what happened just now, how do you feel?"

The woman giggled, "Honestly, I feel frustrated. When I first smelled you, my whole body burst into flames. I flew up as fast as I could to get a lick before the other drained the life out of you." She said with a pained smile.

"That's said. Do you hate me for that?" Cain asked. As if interviewing the woman.

"Yeah, I do," She burst laughing, "But please don't take it personally," She smiled.

"So, what would be your reaction if I grabbed you from the back?" He looked at her.

She smiled, "And did me here in the street? Honestly, I would die of happiness." She laughed, "Everyone here in the city feels the same. You just locked out urges away."

"You laugh a lot. Is that a quirk of you?"

She shook her head, "Standing before you makes me want to laugh. The idea of me probably getting a lick of you is driving me nuts."

Cain looked at the girls, "See? I can do some amazing things as the god of madness."ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m