Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Cain looked at the woman, "One last question. Would you rather me do you now or do two other random succubi?"

The woman thought, "That's a tough question. I want to say myself. But do two random succubi. That's more people receiving." She smiled.

Cain smiled as well, "Turn around. I will fill you quickly."

The woman happily turned, and Cain penetrated her with one of his tentacles. It only took a few seconds for it to be over.

The woman thanked Cain before leaving with a smile.

"You're a bit too wild, aren't you?" Lolth stared at him.

"This is a kingdom of succubi that you build. What do you expect me to do? Enlighten me if you can." He stared at her.

"I don't know. Kill a few as an example."

"That's a crime. Those people are succubi, so I'm giving them what they want." He said with a smile, flicking his finger. ZON! ZON! All of them disappeared.

When they opened their eyes, they all stood in the middle of a large hall. "This is the throne room," Cain said with a smile. "I located it when I was flying."

The girls stared around and saw a lot of succubi. All of them were powerful, but none reached Gracie's level.

"Your lordship, Lady Lolth." The succubi queen rushed from her throne and bowed down, "To grace us with your presence again, have you managed to awaken this man? Is there any service that you wish us to perform?"

Lolth sighed, "Don't look at me. Talk with him." She pointed toward Cain.

The succubi queen approached Cain, staring at his face, her eyes glowing. "You're the one who cast that magic earlier? Sorry but my court is immune to mind control."

The queen opened her mouth, exhaling in Cain's face. He would be lying if he said her breath didn't smell sweet.

Thud! Selena grabbed the queen by the head, "What are you doing-gaw?"

The queen looked at her with a smile, "I don't mind women," She exhaled in her face as well, "Now be my slave."

Selena stared at her for a moment. THWACK! She immediately punched the queen's guts while grabbing her by the head.

"GHA!" The queen gasped, almost throwing up, "You're like Gracie-gaw. Your breath is bad-gaw!" GRACK! She punched her again and all the succubi guarding the place charged.

Gracie looked at Selena, "My breath isn't bad," With those words, the succubi assassin squad she had been training rushed into action with Mellisa's lead.

Thud! Melissa jumped from Gracie's shadow and punched one of the succubi in the face, "Our queen has spoken. Your nest is ours to conquer!" They flew into a full-scale battle, all while Cain stood there calmly beside Lolth.

"Have anything to say?" Cain stared at her. His eyes glowed like a raging fire.

Lolth went on her knees, "I beg of you, forgive me this time alone."

"What did you think was going to happen? I can read your mind. Did you expect the queen's charm to work on me?" He growled.

"I thought it would give me enough of an opening to take over your mind," Lolth replied, her head still on the ground.

"This is it. You're going to Sylph. I bet she will have fun with you." Cain sighed, and Lolth cried. "Please, my lord, anything but that."

STOMP! Cain crushed her head to the ground.

When Lolth opened her eyes, she was beneath Sylph's throne.

Looking up, she saw Sylph dangling her foot with an evil smile and glowing red eyes.

"Welcome back, my adorable little Lolth," Sylph said.

***

The queen watched as Lolth's corpse disappeared into sparking silvery mist, "So, what will you do now?" Cain stared at her.

"Everyone, surrender. Lolth is no more." the queen shouted, and the battle stopped.

Cain squatted behind the queen and Glared into her eyes, "I don't like needless bloodshed. Will you surrender everything peacefully, or do I need to rule you with terror as Lolth did?"

"We give up everything. We offer you our complete submission, so please rule us fairly." She said, kneeling.

Cain smiled and stood up, looking around. All the succubi stared at him.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Looking ahead, he walked toward the massive gold-plated throne of the queen as every succubus that didn't belong to Gracie kneeled.

Gracie stood by his left and Selena by his right. As the two girls smiled, Cain sat on the throne, "I declare this kingdom under my rule. Any objection?"

One of the succubi lifted her hand. It made Cain want to smack his head on the wall. He could hear Selena growling by his side. He better finish this quickly.

"What are you objecting to?" Cain asked, not expecting anything useful.

"I refuse to accept a non-cubus as a ruler." She said, and it made sense to Cain.

He lifted his finger, trying to speak but then stopped, thinking again and again. "I will not be the one ruling you." He said, Dragging Gracie to sit on his left thigh and Selena onto his right thigh.

"Let me introduce you. Those are two of my wives. Selena, the rakshasa, and Gracie, the succubus." Cain explained, and the succubus stared at them.

"I will assign Gracie as your queen. You don't have a choice in this." Cain declared, "Any objection?"

No one spoke. It was determined, "So from this day, Gracie is your queen, make sure to give her the respect she deserves."

With that declaration, the queen approached the throne and kneeled, reaching toward Gracie's foot to show her loyalty.

Gracie immediately pulled her leg away, and the queen got perplexed, "Why?" she cried.

Gracie looked at her, "Where is Amanda?"

The queen looked back, and Amand rushed from between the maids, terrified at how the new queen knew her name.

"Cain, can I have her and Kai as my left and right arms?" She asked, and Cain smiled. You can assign them any role you want.

Kai, who stood at the back, stared at them, shocked.

Gracie waved at them, "You two come here!" She called them, and the two maids approached her.

"I'm your new queen. I need people to monitor the castle and report to me regularly." Gracie said, extending her legs.

"As you order, my queen." Kai kissed her right foot.

"As you say, my queen." Amanda kissed her left foot.

Seeing this, the queen stared at them with a sad face. "What about me?"

Gracie stared at her, "You tried to seduce Cain. I'm the only one allowed to do that, so now you're beneath them."

Cain started laughing, and Gracie noticed Melissa looking a bit depressed in the back.

"Melissa, what's the matter?" Gracie asked.

"You forget about me," She giggled.

"I didn't forget. You're my shadow, so you have a different role." Gracie replied.

The power dynamic was determined to be like this.

[Cain: The over-ruler]

[Gracie: The queen reporting to the over-ruler]

[Melissa: The assassin squad reporting directly to the queen]

[Kai: Right hand of the queen, acting as a direct advisor][Amanda: Left hand of the queen, acting as a direct advisor]

[Alora: the former succubus queen, is now the helper of the advisors]