Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chad and Kayden sat in a bar close to Eilistraee's castle, "How is the girl doing?" Chad asked with a worried face.

Kayden smiled, gently lifting his mug, and started shaking the drink, "Recovering quickly, but I say she became a less patient person." As the two of them chatted, A void called behind.

"Isn't that you, buff human?" A dwarf smacked Chad's back.

Chad looked at him, "You're that stumpy alcoholic. What do you need?"

The dwarf frowned, combing his three-foot-long beard. "Hoho! Do you think a dwarf will forget a favor?" The dwarf smirked, "You didn't come back to me after you cleared the mine."

Chad looked back to his mug, "I had some churches to blow up. I never got the chance to get back to you."

The dwarf took a step back, "Blow what?"

Kayden stared at the dwarf, "Churches, those belonging to your spider goddess."

Chad looked at the bartender, "I will feed the stumpy's addiction, give him a mug, and refill mine."

The dwarf sat beside them, "You laid your hands on Lolth's churches? I heard some maniacs attacked her churches. There have been words that her clerics are slowly losing power." The dwarf stared at them, glancing between the two.

"Her avatar kidnapped my son, so I had to teach her a lesson." Chad downed his mug in one go.

"We got the white bastard back. That spider woman is no longer a god." Kayden said, looking at the dwarf and feeling that something was off.

The dwarf started laughing, "Is that right? You're truly something. My eyes never lead me astray." The dwarf then stared at the bartender, "Hey," He growled, "This small mug is an insult to all dwarfs. You toothpick!"

The high elf bartender glared back at the dwarf, his golden hair waving and his eyes glowing with a faint light. He grabbed a mug filled with beer and splashed him. "Shut up, forgedweller. What do you want, a full barrel?"

The dwarf rinsed the beer from his face with his beard and stared directly at the bartender, "That's some quality beer. Yes, please, give me a barrel."

The bartender sighed, "You never change, Mora." BAM! He lifted the barrel with one hand and laid it on the table.

"Never thought to see your skinny ass around here, Core. Came to pay homage to your father?" Mora smiled, and the bartender nodded. Seeing his face is enough for me.

"Give me another beer!" Chad ordered, and the bartender replied with a smile, "As you wish,"

The voice of a giggling woman came from the back. As Kayden looked, he saw a woman in her early thirties squizzing a lemon into her drink. "Look at you two bickering like that." She then stood and approached the counter, sitting beside Kayden.

"Core, your drinks always lack a bit of freshness. You know I can source the fruits for you." She smiled, her golden hair trailing like ripe wheat.

"I would love to do that, but my cocktails are traditional elven style. I won't be adding flavors you provide, miss Chaun." The bartender took a glass and filled it for her.

The woman giggled, "Come on, how is an old woman like a hag? I like to be called an aunt. It has more warmth."

Kayden's eyes darted between the three strangers, and almost instantly. He pulled his blade at the woman who sat beside him. "Kayden, what are you doing?" Chad stared at him.

"I'm feeling uncomfortable with those three around us," Kayden replied, his blade at the woman's neck.

"Hoho, this is a nice blade!" The dwarf Mora suddenly appeared, sitting on the woman's lap and inspecting Kayden's blade.

Chaun cried, her face tensing up, "Get off me, you fat fuck!" She pushed Mora away, and he fell on his face.

The dwarf Mora glared at her, "Who's you calling a fat fuck? You old lettuce." He stood, smacking his stomach, "This is a dwarf's pride!"

The woman glared at him, "Don't just go around sitting on a woman's lap like this!" She then glared at the rest, "Come on, say something!"

Chad sipped his drink and looked at the dwarf, "The woman is right." He looked at Mora, "A man should never sit on a woman's lap like that." He sighed, gulping his drink and staring at Chaun, "You should get her to sit on your lap!"

Chaun froze, and the dwarf smiled, "Heard him, Chaun? You can sit on my lap whenever you like."

Core, the bartender, knocked on the table with one of the mugs, "Come on, you three, don't start a fight here." From underneath his counter, he pulled a tiny glowing wine bottle.

"I have only one shot of this," The bartender smiled, and his eyes glowed, "It's called wines of the gods, rumored to be made from the grapes of Eden, the first heaven." He then poured the shot for Chad, "It's strong."

"You call that amazing?" Chaun snorted, reaching between her chest. In her palm, she pulled a small red apple. "Look at this." She grinned.

Chad stared at her, "I bet it smells nice,"

Chaun wanted to scream, but she held it back, "It smells nice. Because it's a rare apple." She threw it to Chad, "Eat it before you drink that thing. It will help your stomach handle it."

Chad sniffed the apple, "It doesn't smell like anything." He gave the apple a weird stare.

"Not much of it grows, so it's called the forbidden apple. Please do enjoy it." Chaun smiled.

Chad munched the apple in one go. And then spat the seeds on the ground, "It's sour!" He cringed.

Chaun bent down and wiped the seeds, "I'm happy you enjoyed it."

The bartender smiled, handing a shot to Chad, "Wash her filth with this,"

Kayden stared at the bartender, "Nothing for me?"

The Core stared at him and then pulled a small glass bottle of clear liquid and put it in front of Kayden. "This one is called the demon tears, moonglow, have fun with it."

As Kayden stared at his regular-looking drink, Chad gulped down his shot.

"Damn, that hit hard. It burns my throat!" Chad growled, Smacking the glass on the table hard enough to shatter it.

The bartender smiled, and Moran approached Chad from the back, "You good? Here, I still haven't paid you for clearing the mine."

The dwarf presented Chad with a blade wrapped in clothes. Upon taking it out, it glowed bright golden. "My finest creations, this should serve you well. And if not, use it as a torch."

"I don't need a glowing blade," Chad put the sword on the table.

Mora smacked him on the back, "The more flashy it is, the stronger it becomes."VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Chad stared at the sword, "It's just a glowing long sword. It doesn't even have a single engraving!"

Mora waved his hand, "I hate that stupid aesthetic crap. I love to stick with tradition and functionality."

Chad sighed, "The sword is glowing like a torch."

Mora smiled, "My fashing is more light, fewer stickers. I already attuned the thing to you." He pointed the blade, "Carry it and whish it to be invisible."

Chad lifted the sowrd in his hand, and it disappeared. He smiled, "I'm still carrying it. Is this an invisible blade?"