Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Back in the succubi Castle, Cain stood and looked at Kai. "Can you lead us to a private room?"

She nodded, "Of course, please follow me."

Cain, Selena, Gracie, Kai, Amanda, and Alora headed toward the royal quarter.

As he sat down, Cain stared at Alora, "I want to create a few dungeons around the kingdom. Can you get all the necessary resources ready?"

The succubus queen Alora stared at him, confused, "I thought this was going to be another thing." She sighed.

"What are you doing? Daydreaming?" Cain lifted his hand, and it transformed into tens of wiggling tentacles. "I will create a tentacle dungeon in each city to feed your people. Of course, entry isn't free."

With a smile, the tentacles pointed at Alora, "Want to test it first?"

"O~Of course," She said with a crazed smile. Even she hadn't eaten her full in years.

The tentacles twisted and wriggled, rushing at Alora and engulfing her in a cocoon of slimy tentacles.

As Cain and the girls watched, listening to the queen's muffled moans, a voice came behind them.

"Look at you, my beautiful boy."

Cain turned immediately, his magic spiking to its utmost limits. Behind him, two women stood with smiles.

One had flowing black hair, pale skin, and glowing purple eyes. The woman had both Gracie and Selena enthralled between her hands.

The other stared at Cain with her flashing blue eyes, black hair a smooth pale skin. The woman slowly approached Cain, "You pushed the arcane arts forward."

Cain attempted to use his spells, but nothing activated, "You are!" He growled.

The woman approached him smiling. His body got suspended in the air as she touched his chest. "Your spells won't hurt their mother," She smiled.

"Mystra, and you at the back!"

"Shar, mistress of the night and the lady of loss. Some call me the dark goddess." The woman smiled, flicking her finger, so the girls disappeared, "Don't worry, I sent them to my shadow realm. Cooperate with us, and they shall return." She said with a smile, walking to stand beside Mystra.

'Mystra, the mother of all magic, and Shar, the goddess of darkness. What does two divine rank 18 goddess want from me now?'

Cain thought, but Mystra smiled, "That's a reasonable question," Liking her lips, "We want our share of you." Shar added.

Mystra turned around, flicking her finger, and Cain got tied to a magic pole that rose from the ground. "The old ones are taking action against him, so we decided to start working as well." She smiled, sitting on the bed.

Shar sat beside her, "But we aren't he to appease you. You will be our infinite supply of the elder blood. Milking you will be entertaining."

With that, Mystra stood, "All magic prays for me, and all darkness prays for her. You won't be able to pull a fast one on us as you did with the little spider." She approached him, CLICK! With a simple flick, she blew his clothes away.

Opening her mouth, she attempted to lick his chest. SHOVE! She froze in place as a foot got shoved in her mouth.

"How do you like it? Halfling feet?" From Cain's body, Lilia emerged as if she fazed through him.

"The laughing tornado?" Shar stood, shocked at seeing the monster before them.

Lilia giggled, "This boy is mine," Twirling her toes in Mystra's mouth, "Go fuck yourselves!" BAM! The entire room flashed white.

~Cain, you can't fight while Mystra is restraining your magic. Just sit tight and let me handle those two whores~

Three flashes of light blasted from the castle, a blue one, a purple one, and lastly red flash.

As all the succubi of the kingdom stared into the sky, the ground shook. The three lights broke out of the cocoon and flew into the abyss.

"A mortal like you dares to challenge the gods," Mystra screamed, sending a wave of pure magic toward Lilia.

Lilia smiled. Her nails flashed red as she blocked the wave with her palm, absorbing everything into her body. "Oh, my. Your juices are sweet!" she laughed, twirling her staff [Just Die]

From behind her, tens of meteors emerged from the abyss.

"Fuck! Stop her Magic!" Share screamed.

"I can't. The bitch isn't using the system or any regulated spells." Mystra yelled back, lifting her hand [Divine deflection]

A massive, tilted white barrier deflected the meters like softballs.

"I will deal with her. Darkness is my domain." The dark goddess growled. They were in the darkness of the abyss. She had the advantage in such a place.

The mistress of the night disappeared, her body melted into the darkness, engulfing Lilia, "This is the end for you, halfling!"

Lilia smiled, lifting her staff, "Darkness is the absence of light!" [Twinkle]CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

CRACK! Her staff flashed with an explosive light, blasting all the darkness around her for several miles.

"GRWAA!" As the light burned her, Shar growled, covering her face with her arms.

BAM! Lilia appeared, flicked her finger to force the goddess's arms to open, and then stomped her face. "Lilia twinkled on your face," She smiled, Thwack! Lilia kicked Shar away with a painful cracking noise.

ZON! Mystra teleported and caught Shar's body, "Wake up!" She screamed.

Swosh! Lilia flew behind them. Thud! She touched Mystra's back [Vibrator]

Mystra felt the violent vibration on her back, quickly tearing her apart. "Damn you!" ZON!

She teleported away with Shar's body, but the spell failed before they could reach their destination.

GRAB! Lilia grabbed them by their faces, "Hoho, are those your divine bodies? Well, well, you wanted to use my student after." She grinned, "I could just kill you two here."

Shar opened her eye, [Divine Call]

At that moment, the entire area flashed, and hundreds of archangels surrounded the place.

Lilia looked around, "Six winged, I see up to thirty wings on some of you." She smiled, "I bet you will make godly pillows,"

"Kill her!" the dark goddess screamed.

The angel looked down. Half of them served Mystra and the other half Shar.

"Mortal, do you challenge the heavens?" One of the angels, a massive man, slowly descended to face Lilia, "

Lilia smiled, "Two whores and their sex dolls, what a pathetic show." She disappeared.

"Where did she go?" The man gasped.

"Oh, you stink like a slaughtered chicken," Lilia appeared behind his back. CRACK! and immediately pulled his wings off.

BAM! She then kicked him into the darkness of the endless abyss.

Swinging her staff, she noticed Shar and Mystra trying to make a run for it.

Mystra flicked her finger, opening a portal to the heavens. As they tried to enter, Lilia emerged from it. "I still haven't killed you yet." [Your angles smell awful]

With her words, hundreds of bloodied feathers emerged behind her and flew directly at Mystra and Shar.

The two goddesses tried to fly away, but Lilia punched Mystra's face and kicked Shar away.

Two angles surrounded her, but she swung her staff, treating them apart.

"You insolent!" Mystra screamed, [Reality Break]

Lilia disappeared, CRACK! She immediately punched Mystra in the guts, "You can't break reality if it's already broken,"

All the Archangels charged, and Lilia smiled, pulling Mystra by the hair. "Today is a happy day!" She yelled, "Listen, angels. I have a heaven to burn!"