Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Lilia flew at an incredible speed, dodging all the angles like a lightning bolt. Flash! she appeared between Mystra and Shar. "Die!" With a crackle, a fiery explosion of lighting blasted the whole area.

Mystra teleported everyone away, "She's tearing the fabric of magic. Stop her from destroying it." And she flew toward Lilia, "Shar, support me!"

The darkness around Lilia condensed into spears that flew at Lilia. And that while Mystra conjured thousands of dark stars to erase her from existence.

Lilia weaved between the spells and then kicked one of the dark stars toward Mystra. "Sloppy!"

"Speak after you look at your leg!" Mystra deflected the dark star with a flick.

When Lilia looked at her leg, it was blue and inflated like a balloon. "That leg will never accept magic. Slowly and painfully, I will make sure you regret toying with magic."

Lilia looked at her leg, "I can just chop it off and regrow it." In an instant, Lilia tore her leg from the hip and forced it to regrow with magic. But her foot turned blue again.

Mystra started laughing, "You can't heal that. It's over for you, mortal."

SWOSH! the dark goddess Shar rushed Lilia with a wave of shadows, "In the darkness lie peace, sink, and relief the world from your existence."

[Twinkle] Lilia blasted the darkness away, "I don't need a leg to cast magic, and you shall know that!" She let go of her staff with an evil smile.

[Lilia's Original magic: Earth Piercing Rod] The magic she created to drill into the earth's cores and find the Tarrasque, the spell that required Cain's divine energy to cast.

A titanic rod, 4000*300*300 miles of condensed iron, appeared behind her. It barely fit in the demon web pit.

"What are you?" Mystra screamed, seeing the immense creation of magic start to move.

Lilia smiled, "And here is the other one!" [Lilia's Original magic: Fire burst of ten thousand dragon souls] At the backend of the rod, a massive flame burst to accelerate it rapidly. It was the energy harvested from the dragons she captured. All morphed into one ungodly arcane creation.

Mystra swung her arm, calling forth her staff and [Divine intervention: Sinkhole of magic]

There was no escaping the black rod. It was fast, thick, and heavy. The moment it impacts anything. It's going to explode, ending everything.

Mystra attempted to absorb the magic and deflect the damage to another realm of existence.

"Give up, You might be a god, but you're not stronger than me. That the reason you fear my existence." Lilia laughed.

SWOSH! Shar emerged from the darkness, swinging her fist at Lilia.

ZON! Cain teleported to Lilia, his eyes burning with blue flames. "Give my wives back!" He growled, swinging his fist at Shar.

Shar flung her hands, sending a dark barrier to push him away. Her main concern was Lilia. Cain isn't worth her time.

CRACK! Cain's fist blew right through her dark barrier, smacking her face instantly. Before her body could fly away, Cain pulled her in with one of his tentacles and punched her face again, "Spit them out!" He growled.

Shar's body disappeared, sinking into the darkness. "How could you?" She screamed and, for an instant, saw Chad's figure in Cain.

He flew at her, swinging a fist, engulfed in his divine magic. He was a god as well. Even if Mystra blocked his magic, he could still access his divine powers.

As fear seeped into her body, she started teleporting around in circles and firing shadow spears at Cain.

Hundreds of tentacles emerged from his back, punching all of the spears in an instant, [Demon web prison]ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

With a single glance, the whole place got covered in sticky webbing. Shar, entangled in the mess, tried to run away. BAM! Cain stomped her down, but she stabbed his torso with one of her spears.

"Don't overestimate yourself. You will never reach our level." She smiled, her body engulfed with darkness.

Thud! Cain grabbed her neck, glaring into her eyes. "Give them back!" His consciousness seemed deep into her mind, cracking all of her divine protection.

"How could he? No one of lower rank should be able to harm higher deities.

She wasn't wrong but wasn't right at the same time. Cain wasn't higher in rank than her, but he had a lot more power behind him than she could ever hope to achieve. It is one thing when a god gets a lot of mortal worshippers or when he gets gods serving him.

She had a lot of worshipers and an exceptional portfolio of darkness. But this was Cain's domain.

CRACK! In a move, Cain pulled Gracie and Selena from her. "Got them, now die!" As the two got absorbed into his tentacles, Shar flew away toward Mystra.

"Can't you do something about his divine power?"

Mystra glared at her for a moment, "Dealing with this bitch is all I can handle. Just kill him!"

"But what about the elder blood?"

"Will try it next time," As Mystra said that, Cain appeared beside them, swinging his fist.

"Just give me a second, will you?" Mystra glared at him, creating a barrier that Shar reinforced with her magic.

BAM! Cain punched the barrier. It didn't budge, so he hit it again and again. When his fist couldn't do it, he summoned all of his tentacles, and using them as fists, he lashed at the barrier.

After hundreds and thousands of punches, the barrier finally cracked, allowing Cain to punch Mystra in the face.

"You can fight like your father? What kind of monster are you?" Shar screamed, trying to protect Mystra.

BAM! BAM! Cain cracked her face with fists, and as she tried to counter, he grabbed her by the hair and smacked her at Mystra.

Now that Mystra couldn't concentrate, Lilia's rod hit her and Shar simultaneously, drilling them into the depth of the abyss.

Cain opened his mouth, gathering a massive blast of acid and poison. And just before he could release it, Lilia smacked his head with her staff, "You will poison your domain. Stop it." She looked down, "They ran away," She sighed.

Cain took a deep breath, concentrating on his magic. He could use it again. "I can use my magic again?"

"Mystra can only forbid someone from using magic if they are close to each other. You're free now." She explained. Mystra can't do it from her domain.

"What did they want from me?"

"Your blood, they called you elder blood. Or someone with a close relationship to AO." She looked at him, "To my knowledge, only Bahamut and his sister had anything close to the elder blood." She teleported them back to the succubi castle.

Bahamut and his sister Tiamat were the sons of Asgorath, the direct creation of AO, and shared his blood.

"How did I get the elder blood?"

"Probably since your father is a paladin to AO, you were unlucky to be born with the elder blood." Lilia vaguely answered him before disappearing as quickly as she appeared.

Cain looked around him. Gracie and Selena were still unconscious, but the succubus queen was ejected from the tentacles and witnessed the fight. She knew what kind of monsters Lilia and Cain were to face two higher gods.

Something tingled inside her.