Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"Can't I have a single quiet day?" Cain sighed as he lay on the bed and looked at the marble ceiling. Alora stared at him, unable to decide whether to approach him.

With each passing moment, she hesitated even more. To her, the previous fight took nearly a moment. Lolth was scary, but Cain and his girls are on another level.

Cain stared at her, "Say, do you have a bath here?" He asked, and Alora flinched, "Of course, we have a large bath downstairs."

Cain turned around, poking Gracie on her side, "Wake up. I know you're just sleeping." He doesn't know why, but Shar didn't hurt them but just knocked them out.

Selena was the first one to move, wriggling her body and stretching her arms, "Grrrrrrrrr." She growled, staring at Cain and then panicking.

"What happened-nya!" Her tail jolted.

Gracie slowly jerked to life, rolling around and hugging Cain's side, "What were we talking about?" She stared at him.

Cain explained to them. Mystra, the goddess of magic, and Shar, the goddess of Darkness, attacked them. But luckily, Cain and Lilia were able to fend them off.

"Lilia did most of the job. I only pushed the last button." Cain sighed, standing up and looking at Alora.

"Will use the bath. Go with Kai and Amanda and get it ready."

Alora might have been the queen before, but now she resolved to be a mere servant. Sticking with Cain had more prosperity chances than being alone.

She rushed, waking Kai and Amanda immediately. "Wake up. We have work to do!"

The three of them rushed out.

"Kai, go get the bath ready," she said, then turned toward Amanda, "Ask the kitchen to prepare a feast, and then follow us to the bath."

"What will you do?" Kai asked.

"I will select ten, no twenty, of the best succubi we have in the castle to populate the bath." She looked at them, worried, "You didn't see what I saw. That man's a monster."

"Like what?" Amanda asked.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"He and a strange halfling beat the crap out of Mystra and Shar. Seeing his angry face made me certain that getting on his bad side is a fate worse than death." She said, her legs shaking while she ran.

Kai stared at her with a passive face, "That got you excited,"

"How couldn't it?" She giggled, "We won't find a better man to rule this place."

Amanda stared at her, "His wife, the maid named Gracie, is the one ruling us."

"I don't mind, as long as he is there for us. I will accept Gracie as a queen or whatever." Alora smiled, rushing ahead at top speed.

It only took them a few minutes to get everything ready. Alora knocked on the door, "Lord Cain, the bath is ready."

Cain walked with Selena and Gracie toward the door. Upon opening it, he saw something strange.

Three wooden chairs, each carried by four naked succubi, with Alora smiling in the front, "Please relax. We will carry you there in a second." She bowed down.

Cain stared at her. And then at the girls, "I will walk," He walked ahead, and the two girls followed him.

Alora signaled to the succubi to take the chairs away, and she followed Cain.

"Lord Cain, should I carry you?" She asked with a smile.

"No, let me walk."

She bowed, "Sorry, I apologize."

"Lady Gracie, Lady Selena, do you need anything?" Alora turned toward the two of them.

Gracie and Selena stared at her, "How about you guide us to the bath?" Gracie asked.

Alora rushed ahead, guiding them to the bath.

Inside the bath's changing room, ten naked succubi lined the walls. "Please let them help you get undressed," Alora said with a smile.

"Fine." Cain stared at her. It might have been a better decision to go back to the mansion.

As Cain stood, the maids attempted to help him undress, but sadly they couldn't. All of them were mere maids, lacking a lot in strength. Just standing beside Cain was enough for them to faint.

"What are you doing?" Alora yelled at them, and Cain sighed. "Sorry, it's my bad." Cain dropped his aura as low as possible and started stripping.

Gracie approached him, "Do you need my help?"

Cain shook his head. I can do it on my own.

After taking their clothes, they headed inside the bath, where Cain saw more than forty succubi filling the place.

"I asked you to prepare the bath, not to fill it." Cain glared at her.

Alora bowed, "Lord Cain, those are here to help wash you. We also have physical experts for massage, dancers, nail experts, and singers, and some are here to carry things if needed."

All the succubi in the bath bowed down, "Please enjoy your bath, Lord Cain."

Gracie stared at them with a passive face, "It doesn't matter," She walked toward the shower, and Cain and Selena followed her.

As Cain sat down, one succubus washed his back; one washed his chest, another two washed his arms, and another two succubi washed his legs. And lastly, one started gently scrubbing his meat.

The girls had the same treatment, but Selena had an extra one brushing her tail.

While Cain and the girls relaxed, the singers in the back started singing. Alora observed.

And then, Kai and Amanda entered the bath. "Everything else is ready," Kai said, bowing toward Cain and then to Alora.

"Good job, you're dismissed," Alora replied to them, and Cain glared at her.

Cain looked at them, "Come here,"

Kai and Amanda approached him with fearful steps, "My lord, what do you need."

"I thought you two were higher than Alora. Why is she ordering you around?" He asked. From what Gracie said before, she has set them a strict hierarchy.

"It's just how we're used to doing things," Amanda replied, staring at Alora.

Alora approached them silently and bowed down, kissing their feet, "Mistress Kai, Mistress Amanda, sorry for my rudeness." Those two froze in place. They knew it but couldn't comprehend it.

Selena stared at them, "Cain, the more, the better-nya!" She was too relaxed, her tail wiggling as she let the succubi scratch her back.

Gracie stood up and approached Cain, "Cain, can we do it?" She asked, and all the succubi shuddered.

Cain looked at her with a smile, "What are you thinking about?"

She smiled, "Nothing,"

"Do what you like," Cain replied, letting his meat grow thicker and longer, shocking all the succubi there. It was far more massive than anything they had ever imagined.

Gracie kneeled before him, licking his shaft from the tip to the base. She then looked at Kai and Amanda, "Come lick me off."

Upon hearing her, the two maids threw their outfits and rushed at her. Each shoved her long tongue in one of her holes.

Selena also joined in, sitting on Cain's lap and presenting him with her chest.

Cain looked at her for a moment and then started licking. He wasn't going to waste this chance.

While all of this was taking place, Alice called him, ~Cain, do you have a moment~

~What, I'm doing you know what~

~Eilistraee and Mauzzkyl are looking for you~

~Tell them I will be back soon~