Evelyn stared at Ariel with a smile, "I was reborn just a few seconds ago. I don't want to fight you if possible."

Ariel pulled her sword, "You better start explaining quickly."

Evelyn smiled, "I will. You don't have to look that angry. You will get a lot of wrinkles."

Ariel put her sword away, feeling no malice from Evelyn.

Evelyn swung her hand, causing a robe of light to cover her body in one swoop. "The gods are debating how to handle Chad and Cain. And for the most part, they consider them worth eliminating." She then walked toward the corner and picked a chair to sit on.

"But the three high gods of the humans, elves, and dwarves decided to support Chad. My son Cain got nothing but negative interest from the gods, especially from the goddess of magic and the goddess of darkness."

"You aren't saying their names."

"Gods can listen to anyone who speaks their names. Your goddess told me never to utter the gods' names. " Evelyn looked at them with a smile, "You must do the same, act in secret until the end."

Alice stared at her, trying to understand what she meant. "The gods will target us?"

Evelyn nodded, "The magic and darkness goddesses have already attacked Cain, but you don't have to worry as long as Lilia keeps an eye on him."

At that moment, Chad sat up, staring around him. "Good morning, honey." Evelyn approached him with a smile.Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Chad scratched his head with a passive "Why do I know everything?"

Evelyn sat beside him and combed his hair with her fingers, "I'm a part of you. You and I share the same memory now."

Chad sighed, looking worried, "Then we're in a big mess. I hope this end well." He looked at Ariel and Alice, "If they went through with it, we might need to restart the whole journey from the start."

"What do you mean?" Alice started at him with a worried face.

"Things are spiraling out of control faster than they should be. Mary did make it possible, but now we have to deal with everything."

Chad started explaining.

Mary's restart kept Cain on a smooth track where everything was reasonable. She would restart if Cain pulled the attention of an evil god or made a wrong decision.

AO created the whole world; that is literal. AO Created the past, present, and future. He knew everything, decided everything, and had it all.

"The last attempt AO made to keep the world from collapsing is using that little mage to give Mary the restart. Now, his influence on the world is weakening."

"What would that mean? Can't the other gods rule?" Ariel stared at him.

"No, they can't. They aren't true gods. They will perish with this world that AO created." Chad replied, staring at Evelyn with a stern face.

"Is there anything we can do?" Alice asked.

"We have to reach the cosmic gate. That little mage knows its location." Chad stood, and Evelyn followed him, "I need to walk behind the gate and find a way to restore AO."

As they were speaking, Lilia teleported inside. "Hello there, did someone mention the gate?" She smiled, glaring at Chad.

"I need to walk past the cosmic gate," Chad said.

Lilia smiled, "You know that's useless. All you can do is restart everything and buy a few decades." She glared at Chad, "You will never reach AO. Adam,"

Chad giggled, "Adam, When was the last time I heard that name?"

Lilia stared at him, "Adam, father of humanity and AO's first creation. Your essence never died. It just lived through humans until you found a suitable host."

"I wouldn't call it a suitable host. Adam has died. I only have his memories and power." Chad walked toward her, "A human can be born with genetic identical to Adam."

Lilia started laughing, "AO began as a lonely being, and he created Adam, attempting to make a brother for himself. He created something resembling a clone, a being in his image."

"That's why I'm the only one who can walk behind the gate. The three gods are already supporting that." Chad said, glaring down at Lilia.

"I don't care what Moradin, Corellon, and Chauntea think. I already lived through this once, and I know it's a failed endeavor." Lilia growled.

"Don't speak their names." Evelyn glared at her, pointing a holy blade at Lilia. "Even with their names, other gods might find a way to spy on us."

Lilia stared at Evelyn, and her sword exploded, "I want them to look at me. I will find their location."

"Eve, Lilia is an exception." Chad said, blocking Evelyn from attacking Lilia, "This little mage is a god slayer. Unlike dragons who only killed their god and are attempting to finish the rest, she killed hundreds of demi-gods and deities."

"It's best to smash the eggs before they grow into monsters, right?" Lilia smiled, "But I do have respect for some."

"What do you mean?" the tables turned. Now Evelyn found herself lacking knowledge.

Chad is regaining his power as the original human, and Lilia the mage with the forbidden knowledge. Those two know more about the world than anyone else.

"Then what are the first problems we have to deal with?" Ariel asked, and Chad's face turned sour.

"The world system might collapse. We have to figure a way to maintain or recreate it." Chad glared at her, "With AO's influence waning, the world will slowly descend into chaos."

Lilia started floating and spinning, "I might be able to create a private system for us to work with, but we need a massive processing plant for it." She scratched her head, "A massive collection of brains linked with magic. We need something to support it."

Alice approached her, "Cain has a lot of brains. Can't you ask for his help?"

Lilia stared at her, "And use him as a hub? That would be a fate worse than death." But after a few seconds, Lilia's eyes flashed, "Hold up, there might be a way." She smiled, flying toward Alice and patting her head.

"Thank you, that's a smart idea." She giggled.

"What do you mean?" Alice asked, and everyone glared at Lilia.

"I will create a massive demi-plane in the abyss and have Cain fill it with flesh golems. I will then stick millions of brains to it and create a single wisdom vault using myself as a base."

"Wouldn't that kill you?" Evelyn glared at her.

Lilia smiled, "Hey Chad, do you know who I am?" She stared at him, and he nodded, "I know, I just learned that."

"What do you say of my plan?" She smiled.

Chad thought about it for a second, "Do what you want. I know you will be fine, Yog." Lilia smiled, disappearing into a fine mist.

Everyone stared at Chad, "What is going on?" Alice asked.

Chad sat on the bed, "Everything is going down," He then stared at Evelyn, "If you just know how angry I'm at the news you brought me." He sighed.

"Sorry, but this had to be done." Evelyn apologized.

Chad then stared at Alice, "Please leave us alone for a moment. I have an important discussion with those two."