Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chad sighed, sitting on the bed beside Evelyn and Ariel. "This is a problem. What should we do?" He rested his head on his hands.

Ariel and Evelyn stared at him, "Worry not. Three of the strongest gods are supporting us." Ariel said, patting his back.

"We should wait for Lilia to forge the brain network and get a second system ready. After that, we deal with the dragons and unite everyone." Evelyn explained with a smile, resting her head on Chad's shoulder.

"You are right. But did you have to give me such knowledge now? I could have used it before." Chad sighed, staring down.

"The knowledge was already in your head, say, who are the two devils you will never hurt?" Evelyn asked, and Ariel glared at her, "I know one is Alice, but who is the second one."

Chad's face twisted as if he remembered something important, "Lucifer, no Asmodeus!" He stood, staring at the door.

"The lord of lies, are you wishing to release him?" Evelyn asked with a smile.

Ariel panicked, "Are you going to release the betrayer of the heavens?"

Chad stared at her, "He is no betrayer. Asmodeus is the last son of AO, the one born of law and sacrifice."

Ariel stood, "AO only had three creations, humans, dragons, and elves."

"Then from where did you angels come? Your existence had to start somewhere, and it was him." Chad glared at her, "That's why he waged war against the gods who took AO's place."

"Are you going right now?" Evelyn asked.

Chad nodded, clenching his fist.

Thud! Evelyn grabbed his shoulder, "No, you aren't going anywhere," She said with a smile.

"Let go. I have work to do," Chad growled.

Evelyn smiled. Thwack! She punched Chad in the face, knocking him down.

"You still haven't fully recovered. Rest to regain your full power and then jump into hell." She dragged him to bed, "I know you like Asmodeus, but he will be fine waiting another day or two."

Ariel could only stare with a baffled face.

"Do you remember the dawn of time?" Chad asked.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"How couldn't I?" Evelyn smiled, "We both got reincarnated after all."

Chad smiled, remembering the old days.

***

KA-BOOOOM! A volcano exploded as an eldritch primordial of fire and smoke rushed ahead. "Today, you fall!" He roared.

Adam was sleeping beneath the world tree, "Asgorath, care to silence that thing?" He mumbled, and the mountain beside them started moving.

"Older brother, you always work me like this." The titanic dragon growled, staring down toward Adam.

BAM! Asgorath leaped forward, running on all four like a cat. Each of his steps caused the ground to rumble.

The world tree roots kept the ground beneath Adam stable, absorbing the earthquake and tremors of the battle.

"Thanks, sister, your roots are amazing." Adam curled to the side of the world tree, and the leaves covered him.

BOOOOM! Asgorath blew the primordial into ash.

After a few minutes, Asgorath returned to his place sleeping beside the world tree. But then, a scream reached them, and a little kid with two white wings rushed in, crying his eyes out.

"Adam! Save me!"

Adam slowly jerked from his sleep, looking in the kid's direction. "Lucifer, what did you do this time?" And he then saw it, in the distance, a massive sea horror of tentacles and gore rushed to eat the kid.

Adam stood, sighing, "Come here. I will handle it."

Asgorath panicked, "Older brother, are you going to fight?" He stood, spreading his wings, "I can handle this thing."

Adam shook his head, "My younger brother asked me for help. I will go personally."

Thud! Adam stepped forward, shaking the ground as divine energy started to flow from his body. The sheer power raging from his body caused the sky to turn golden, and his eyes flashed bright white.

Lucifer rushed and hid behind Adam, "Brother, it's that thing!" He pointed out, but Adam lifted him from the wings. "What did you do this time?"

Lucifer scratched his cheek, "I accidentally stumbled into their layer, but look what I found."

Lucifer showed Adam a large jade of magnificent green color, "Isn't it beautiful?"

"It is, but call us before you do anything." Adam threw Lucifer back, and the tree branches caught him, tightly squizzing his face silently.

"Sister, please forgive me. I won't wander alone again!" He cried, but the tree couldn't speak. She just slightly lowered him down.

Adam rushed toward the tentacle abomination, running at an incredible speed. BAM! In an instant, he leaped forward, swinging a fist.

The abomination tried to dodge, but it was futile. Adam was too fast.

The monster's body shattered into small pieces with a single punch. Adam stared at his fist with a stern face, "Not again. I lost control over it."

"Don't worry about it, brother. You will control your divine energy one day!" Asgorath replied with a cheerful voice.

Fast forward a few thousand years, Lucifer had grown big and strong. The world tree has learned to speak, and Asgorath managed to look like his beloved older brother.

Standing tall at six feet, Lucifer's white skin and ethereal hair emitted a faint glow. The thousands of wings tucked at his back could blot the sky if he spread them. He looked toward his sister Yggdrasil as she grew so large and magnificent.

The world tree Yggdrasil became taller than any mountain, and her roots dug deep into the ground as they spread across the continent. A feminine face emerged in the wood glaring at Lucifer, "How did it go?" She asked.

"The abominations are dead," He replied with a smile.

A man burst laughing in the back, "You became so strong, Lucifer. Your fight is a sight to behold."

Asgorath, the original dragon, was a buff middle-aged man with multicolored hair and a long beard. "What's up with your hair?" Lucifer asked, holding a laugh.

"Shut up! I can't control it." Asgorath yelled, quickly looking into the top of Yggdrasil. "Older brother, say something."

On the largest branch of the world tree, the one-hundred-foot tall man with black hair and eyes, outlined muscles, and a faint beard stared down at them with a divine flare in his eyes.

"It looks beautiful, like a rainbow." He gently tilted his head, falling to the ground.

BAM!

Lucifer stared up, almost breaking his neck, "You have grown so large, brother."

"This is to control my power," Adam replied, disappearing into a puff of smoke.

Thud! He landed beside Lucifer as a seven-foot-tall man, "How about this?" He said.

"You're still taller than me," Lucifer sighed.

Adam patted his head, "Sister is still taller than all of us." He smiled.

The three sat to eat, but the sky shattered, and a black ball fell. They all looked with happy faces, "Father!" They rushed to greet him.

"How are you doing?" A voice rumbled across the sky. "I see you have grown stronger."

Adam smiled, "Of course, father, but we're far from cleansing the land as you asked."

"I already know that. I'm here to give you the key to doing it." AO's voice rumbled across the sky.

"What is it, father?" Lucifer asked.