Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

AO stared at them, his being flickering in a black flame. "I divided the realms. That should make the fighter easier." The ground rumbled, "Heaven is for you, Lucifer. The earth is for Adam, and Asgorath and Yggdrassil will carry you through the other lesser worlds."

All four children stared at him, wondering how will that work.

"Worry not," AO stared at them, "Asgorath, you shall bear two eggs. Those are your kin and children. Lucifer, once you reach the heavens, your essence will spawn more of your kind, and they will be your men to command. Yggdrasil, the time for your first fruit has come near. From it, a race of servants will protect your roots."

Adam looked at AO, "What about me?"

AO sat silent for a second, "I found none. You took over my divine energy, and like me, can't bear children unless you create them. Creation is my power, not yours to command."

Adam stared at his father with a sad face, "Did I become too strong?"

"That's my fault. I shouldn't have granted you too much power." AO stared at him, "But I have something I was working on in the heavens. You have to wait for it to be ready."

After that, Years and decades passed while Adam awaited his father's response, but he got none.

The first elf was born from Yggdrasil's fruit, and their race quickly flourished, tending to the world tree.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Tiamat and Bahamut were born from Asgorath's eggs, growing as big as their father and spawning the dragons to dominate the war.

The heavens flourished faster than anyone expected, and the angels patroled the universe under Lucifer's command, eliminating all of the galactical threats before they could have a chance to fight back.

Through all those thousands of years, Adam sat silent, roaming the land and slaying any abomination he faced. None stood before him nor could take him for more than the blink of an eye. He slowly fell into depression.

Then one day, the sky turned dark as the archangel Lucifer flapped his wings down to the mortal world.

Yggdrasil grew so big she lost her ability to speak. But she could feel the presence of her brother, and her elves shuddered at the sight of the mighty archangel descending to the mortal realm.

Asgorath has lost most of his power, giving it to Tiamat and Bahamut, and was sleeping in his lair at the time, spending his last days. "Lucifer, what brought you back?"

Thud! Lucifer landed on a mountain, looking around for his older brother with an excited face. At the mountain foot, Adam stood unchanged. From all of his brothers. He alone gained true immortality, as time didn't weaken his power.

"Older brother!" Lucifer rushed down, breathing heavily with a red, sweaty face.

"Lucifer, what's wrong with you?" Adam asked, "I haven't seen you in a few decades, but I'm sure my brother isn't red."

Lucifer could sense the deep sadness inside his older brother. He only came down out of worry as he dreamt of his older brother attempting suicide countless times.

Adam needed something to compliment him, or they might lose him to madness.

"Look at this, Adam! Time is near!" He showed Adam a plump red apple. "You will have people of your own soon," Lucifer smiled.

"What do you mean?"

"This is something that father is working to make. It might grant your wish." Lucifer gave the apple to Adam. "But it isn't finished yet, you can get your people by eating it, but that would cost you all of your powers and immortality."

Adam stared at the apple, "This mundane apple?"

"All of your people will be weak as well. They will have no power. Just wait a bit. In a couple of thousand years, our father will finish it, and you can have your people and keep the power you have." Lucifer only aimed to encourage his brother, "Father didn't forget you. No one did."

Lucifer could read Adam's mind. For all of those years, he knew Adam slowly started losing faith, drowning in depression from being abandoned.

After staring at the apple for a few seconds, Adam attempted to bite it. "Brother! NO!" Lucifer rushed to stop him. VON! AO took notice and tried to catch Adam and take the apple back.

Thwack! Adam's body disappeared, using the divine magic from his father to hide away.

"Lucifer, you idiot, I told you never to bring it to him!" AO shouted, pulling Lucifer back to Heaven.

"I didn't know he would steal it. I tried to encourage him, that's all." Lucifer replied.

But to their surprise, Adam appeared in the same place, holding the apple in his hand.

"He didn't eat it?" Lucifer gasped.

"Adam, drop that thing. I still didn't finish making it." AO shouted.

"Father, I don't want to wait anymore," Adam replied.

"You will die in a thousand years. That apple isn't compatible with your power yet." AO replied.

Adam sighed, "I don't care about power. I lived long enough. The war ended, and there is no use for me anymore." Crunch! Adam bit the apple, "Thank you, Lucifer, for bringing this to me."

A few days later, Eve emerged from Adam's rib, setting a start to humanity. And as AO foretold, Adam died a thousand years later of old age.

Fast forward to the current time, Adam's genes have resurfaced, reincarnating his power and will into Chad. They are both the same person. Chad only needed to grow stronger to recover the memories of his past self.

***

Chad stood, staring around him. "I will wait one day and then leap into hell to save Lucifer, or Asmodeus as he is named now."

"What will you do then?" Ariel stared at him, having heard the story of the past.

"We kill the dragon king and restore peace. After that, we need to find a way to talk to sister Yggdrassil." He said, looking at Evelyn.

"The shards are the key if you want to talk to Yggdrasil." She stared at him.

"The world lemon, the world tree seed. The one having its power can open the route for us to reach the heart of the tree." She smiled, "That would be Sylph, the elvish queen."

"How about Asgorath?" Ariel asked, and Chad shook his head.

"I don't know about that," He looked down, "But I hope there is a way to bring him back."

"Let's say we did everything right. What then?" Ariel stared at Chad.

"Father did all of his work behind the cosmic gate. If we want to fix the world, we do it from there." Chad replied, "But I do not know what to expect to find, so we must ask the little wizard."

"She said forbidden knowledge. It's the place where no one should step." Ariel replied.

Evelyn stared at them, "Even the gods have no record of it, but there is one thing certain. It's the place where both salvation and destruction exist."

As they smiled, Chad fell on the bed, exhausted, "Let's rest first. We can then find a way to hell."

"I do want to hug my son before," Evelyn smiled, "I wish he would recognize me."