Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Thud! Lilia teleported to Cain. She landed beside him in the changing room.

Everyone froze except Cain, Gracie, and Selena.

"Cain, do you have a moment?" She asked with a smile, staring around at everyone.

"What is it? Did something happen?" Cain replied with a serious face.

"We talk in private. The girls can come." Lilia replied with a confident face.

Cain looked at the succubus queen, "Will be away for some time. Here is a list of all the items I need you to gather."

He then flicked his finger, causing the magic around him to shift, immediately teleporting him and the girls to the top of the cocoon. "Can we talk here?"

Lilia looked around, "Just a moment," she swung her staff and created a massive dome covering them. "Now, I can talk freely." She stared at Cain and quickly explained everything.

"The system is about to crumble. We must create a new one to keep the world stable for longer." Lilia explained, floating upside down as she thought.

Cain thought about the implication of the system disappearing. Most people would lose their power and become normal humans. Sorcerers might keep some abilities, and dragons will stay strong. He will retain his natural and godly power.

Gracie, for example, will her aphrodisiac drool and her skill with daggers. But she will lose all of her shadow magic which relies on the system.

"So you want me to create a system and make everyone use it?" Cain asked with a lifted eyebrow.

"Yes, once the current system crumbles, you will automatically replace it." She smiled, "That means I will make everyone use it." She flew around Cain.

"We need a hub for the system, a strong enough mind to calculate and memorize everything. You know how much of a pain that is to manage?" Cain said, glaring at her, but she laughed.

"Only you can do it, and I will support you." She sat on his shoulder, dangling her legs on his chest. "I will join the system if you own it. Don't you want to see my stats?" She tightened her legs around his neck.

"Showing me your stats?" Cain glared at her, "Isn't that like a woman telling strange she will strip for them?"

Lilia glared at him, "What are you talking about now? I already stripped for you."

Selena and Gracie glared at them, "What is going on?"

Cain explained, "The system everyone use might stop working soon. She wants me to create a new system to replace it."

"Wouldn't that mean you can spy on everyone who uses it?" Gracie said with a straight face, and both Cain and Lilia realized it. She was right.F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"I will start working right away. No, after I go around and assign a new priestess in the church of Lolth." Cain said, lifting his staff with a smile.

"Do you think they will accept in place of Lolth?" Lilia asked with a smile.

"Spiders have four legs, as do octopuses. They will accept me. Whether they like it or not." Cain smiled, and Lilia leaped from his shoulder.

"Then I will be going as well. Call me when you have the brains web ready." Lilia disappeared, and Cain took a deep breath.

"We have to work fast before the system crash. Let's go." Flicking his finger, they teleported back to the succubus castle.

CRACK! Cain landed beside Alora, scaring her to the bones, "My lord, is there anything I can help you with?" She asked with a scared face.

"Rally all the troops you have and come to me with Gracie. We're invading the abyss for brains." Cain smiled, ZON! And he immediately teleported away, leaving Gracie with Alora.

"Mystress, what is going on?" Alora asked, staring at Gracie.

"Do what he told you, and don't ask me for answers." Gracie replied, "Everything will be fine following Cain's orders."

***

ZON! Cain appeared inside another cocoon, "Lolth." He summoned her.

Lolth appeared by his side, "Yes, master," She said with a scared face.

"How was your time with Sylph? What did she do?"

"She slowly pulled my limbs apart over and over."

"I hope you get a bit more obedient from now on. Now tell me, what is this place?" Cain asked.

"This the Orc's cocoon. They are a bit barbarian but good as disposable troops." She replied.

"How do I control them?"

"There is a king. The faster way is to kill him. That is the language they understand." Lolth replied.

"I like you more this way. Stay with me for now."

ZON! Cain teleported directly down. His aim was the orc king.

Unlike before, Cain had no intention of going easy. It was domination and nothing less.

THUD! Cain appeared in the middle of the king's throne room, Lolth behind him.

"Lady Lolth? What brought you here?" The orc king immediately stood, and everyone else bowed.

"This is Cain lisworth, the new god of the demon web and your new ruler. Bow to him." Lolth immediately declared, hoping the king could bow down easily.

The king looked down, "I see. Kill the insolent bastard!" He screamed, leaping ahead with his massive mace.

Cain smiled, releasing his unfiltered aura. Human, magic, demon, devil, dragon, monster, abomination, spider, fire, curse, holy and divine magic.

Almost every kind of energy flowed out of his body in a disgusting stream. Tentacles exploded from his body and slammed the orc king back, restraining everyone in the room.

Cain walked toward the king, "Well, die. I can get someone else to take your place."

The king growled, "We orcs never retire. The throne is reserved for those strong to take it."

Cain smiled, "Fine, then I will make it reserved for those obedient to me."

Cain's tentacles grabbed the orc king, slowly crushing him to death as Cain opened his mouth.

A massive gaping maw of teeth and tentacles swallowed the orc king in one bite.

Everyone stared in shock, "My king!" A soldier screamed.

Cain turned toward them, "Who wants to follow him? Hurry, I don't have time."

The soldier tried to charge at Cain, but the tentacles kept him restrained, "This is one." Cain said, crushing the soldier and swallowing him.

"Gray, come out." Cain said, and a devil with white hair appeared by his side, "What do you need, father."

"This place is yours to rule as you see fit. Just rally the troop to invade the abyss." Cain looked at him, "You know the details, right?"

Gray stared at Cain with a smile, "We share a memory," He then approached Cain and bowed slightly.

"No need for you to bow down," Cain smiled, "Have fun remodeling the place."

Gray finally got his room.

"Lolth, what is the closet cocoon?" Cain asked, glaring at her.

"There a cocoon filed with demons to the left of here." She replied immediately.

"Demons? Let's go then." Cain flicked his finger and disappeared into the silvery mist.

Gray looked at the terrified orcs beside him, "Do I need to kill more of you?"

As silence fell, he walked toward the throne and sat on it. One leg on the other, "Father like magic, and mother like Alchemy, I want those two to be our main objectives." He said.

One of the orcs approached him, "But my lord, we orcs are barbarians. We can't do much of those two." He said, staring up at Gray.

"Then start learning," Gray replied, "For now, rally the troops for father and get me details about all of the kingdom."