Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

ZON! Cain appeared in the middle of a waste wasteland, staring at the desolate ground. "Are you sure anything can live here?" Cain asked.

Lolth stared around, "Demons can survive here. No, this is their favorite environment."

As she said that, the earth started to rumble, shattering into small pieces.

[Fly] Cain grabbed Lolth and flew away, pointing his staff at the ground, getting ready to fire.

A massive gray worm emerged From the shattered ground with a gaping maw of teeth and tongues. On its back, a humanoid creature hid inside a small cocoon.

"Isn't it, lady Lolth?" He yelled, pulling the trigger to his side, causing the worm to curl into a spring.

Swosh! The cocoon opened with a gust of steam as the hulking demon emerged. His skin was as brown as dirt, and his eyes glowed with a demonic red spark.

"A Gargoyle?" Cain stared at the demon.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"Ha? No, I'm an earth demon, even though one of my parents is a Gargoyle." The demon replied as she saw Cain and Lolth's land.

Thud! The demon smiled as he stood before Lolth, bowing down, "Lady Lolth, is there anything you need?" The demon asked.

"We need to meet the current ruler," She said, staring at Cain, "He owns the demon web and is your new Lord."

The demon's face twisted in surprise, and he stared at Cain, "Are you serious?"

"I'm serious,"

The demon quickly bowed to Cain, "I pledge my loyalty to you, my lord," He then stared at Lolth, "What's his name?"

"Cain!"

"My lord Cain," The demon smiled, "Anything you need?"

"As we said, take us to the current ruler," Cain replied immediately.

"Of course," The demon smiled, turning toward his worm and immediately stopping.

"AH! Shit, this thing only fits one person!" He realized, "Will you wait for me to grab a nice earth strider?" The demon said, scratching his head.

"No, lead the way. I will follow you." Cain's eyes flashed yellow, two horns emerged from his head, and his skin turned black.

Lolth's body faded away, merging back into Cain.

The demon backed away, feeling the oppressing pressure of the draconic aura. Cain's body got bigger, eventually transforming into a titanic black dragon.

"I will dig! lead the way!" Cain growled again, and the demon could feel the danger coming from the dragon.

"As per your orders, my lord!" The demon smiled, "The others are going to be surprised!" He rushed to mount his earth strider.

"Come on, baby! Take us to the city as fast as you can. But take us to the edges first." The demon didn't want Cain to cause a collapse by appearing in the city center.

The massive worm roared, as did the wyrm behind it. CRACK! It leaped up and plunged into the ground, rushing as fast as she could dig.

Cain opened his claws, looking down at the ground.

'You can let me take control if you want. I can dig better than you.' Morena spoke, 'I can do it.' Cain replied to her, swinging his claw at the ground.

BAM! BAM! BAM! Claw after the other, Cain dug his way after the demon.

The demon looked back, sweating, "Shit! This thing is scary." He smiled, "I know he isn't chasing me to kill me, but how would someone run from him?" He laughed.

The earth strider growled, and he petted her back, "Worry not. He won't eat you." The demon said, "We're leading him to the city. Calm down."

The earth strider got nervous, feeling the oppressive dragon chasing behind her.

"I read about dragons in ancient books." The demon looked back at Cain, "I hear they are one of the most dangerous creatures to live." He smiled, "I hope no major fight happens."

A few moments later, BAM! The worm burst from the ceiling of the cavern. "YAHOO!" The demon screamed as they fell. The worm coiled her tail and bounced back like a spring.

From the hole in the ceiling, a massive claw emerged. CRACK!

And then another claw emerged. CRACK!

Cain pulled his draconic body from the hole as he glared at the city below. ROAARRRR! His violent roar shocked the foundation to the core, taking everyone's attention and filling them with a sense of doom.

Lolth hurried to release her aura, making sure the demons knew of her presence.

FLAP! FLAP! Cain flapped his wing as he slowly descended beside the demon. BAM! He immediately turned back to his humanoid form, and Lolth appeared beside him.

"My lord, shall we head to the main fortress?" The demon asked, and Cain nodded. "Lead the way," Cain replied.

The guards charged in, trying to block their way. But they bowed the moment they saw Lolth. "It's lady Lolth. We weren't mistaken."

They thought the dragon faked Lolth's aura to deceive them. But it was her in the flesh.

Cain looked around at the stone building, the scared people, and the dimly lit streets. "This place looks nice," He said with a smile.

"We earth demons are master carvers. Want us to build something for you?" The demon asked with a smile, but Cain shook his head.

"I have a different work for you."

"Come on, one or two statues of your highness won't harm anyone." The demon replied.

"You're more obedient than I expected or more acceptance of the change." Cain glared at him, "Is there any motive behind it?"

The demon looked back at Cain, "Want the truth or the reality?"

"Both if you can."

"The truth is that we got enough of Lolth's bullshit," The demon stared at her, "She knew well how much we hated her guts."

"He's right. I'm more fond of the succubi and the orcs," Lolth replied.

The demon then stared at Cain, "The reality is that we have no choice if we want to live. Obedience is the only way." He looked down, but Cain patted his back.

"Worry not. It will be fine." Cain told him.

"We long for the days we can roam the abyss again." The demon sighed, "We miss the days of freedom,"

Cain looked at him, "Want to go outside on a war to conquer the abyss?"

The demon's eyes flashed, and a smile crossed his face, "Are you serious? Can I go outside and kill as much as I want?"

"It's war, do what you like as long as you report back." Cain replied, "I came here to order you to form an army to conquer the abyss. The succubi and the orcs are joining as well."

The demon leaped in joy, "It's war!" shouting, "My blood never boiled like this before,"

When Cain and the demon reached the fortress, the guards guided them inside to face the king and queen.

The throne room looked like a magnificent sculpture of stone and diorite. The guards banged their spears on the ground as the king and queen stood from their thrones, bowing down.

"Lady Lolth, what are your orders." The two said, and Lolth glared at them.

"I no longer own the place. From today Cain Lisworth is the one you bow to." She turned toward Cain, bowing to him.

Everyone didn't dare ask questions, immediately bowing to Cain.