Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Cain sat on the throne, looking down at the Earth demons. "It's a war against the abyss. Bring me as many brains as you can." Cain lifted his hand, and hundreds of tiny tentacles flew to the demons, latching to their hands.

"When you kill someone, touch their head, and they will get consumed. Those things will also count how many you killed. So I can reward the hard workers." Cain stood, "I will open a portal to the Orcs and Succubi for you to cooperate. But expect more people to join the war."

The demon king approached Cain, "What would we expect to be our allies? We don't want to have friendly fire, do we?"

Cain stared at him, "Undead, dragons, Tiamat, the queen of the dragons, and some angels, you could also expect a decent horde of devils from hell."

All the demons froze for a moment, "Tiamat?" They have seen a black dragon earlier, is he affiliated with her?

"She is my wife, and now that you mention it, I could ask Bahamut to join the war as well." Cain scratched his chin, thinking about it and sending all the demons into a panic.

"How many gods do you intend to bring?" The king gasped, "What is the goal of this war?"

"The system everyone use might collapse, and my goal is to build a new one. That's why I need brains." Cain explained, "You can expect Lolth and Umberlee to join."

"As you order, Lord Cain. Our troops shall be ready in two days." The king declared, but Cain seemed a bit angry.

"How long do you need?"

"In reality, a week would be best to rally the troops, but I can cram it into two days." The king replied.

"Then say you need a week," Cain glared at him, "I need you to gather as many brains as possible, not get exhausted quickly from poor preparation."

"Sorry," the king apologized, "But what about the demon lords?"

Cain thought about them. The demon lords, also known as the abyssal lords, are some of the rulers of the infinite abyss.

Lucemon: Pride. Obox-ob, the original demon lord.

Creepymon: Wrath. She is called the queen of chaos. Both her temper and layers are like explosions.

Beelzemon: Gluttony. Ugudenk, the squirming king of the infinite maws.

Lilithmon: Lust. Only her nickname is known, the mother of all demons.

Barbamon: Greed. Dwiergus, which Cain had already devoured.

Belphemon: Sloth. His real name is Pazuzu, the aerial demon lord.

Leviamon: Envy. Dagon, the lord of the deep.

"I already killed Barbamon, even though he was the weakest of the bunch. The flesh forge is already under my control." Cain declared, standing up, "I'm the mad god of the infinite abyss, so call my name when their lords show up. They are my prey." Cain declared that he couldn't wait to devour the rest and obtain their power.

"The mad god?" The demon king gasped, and Cain approached him.

"I'm lenient with the obedient. You can live freely as long as you heed my words." Cain looked at Lolth, "Time to leave," He flicked his finger, and two portals appeared.

The first portal linked the demons, the orcs, and the succubi cocoons. Cain used the second one to return to the succubi's castle.

"Everything seems to be okay. You keep going around and make sure everyone is ready for the war." Cain stared at Lolth, "Remember, no tricks, as I will know immediately." He then disappeared.

Thud! Cain landed back on the deck of Jack's ship, "Let's see what Eilistraee was about."

"You back?" The voice of a kid rang behind his head. Cain turned with a smile, "Ah! Mauzzkyl, how are you doing!" Cain waved his hand with a happy face.

Mauzzkyl glared at him, "You know me. What are you?"

"Does it matter? What do you need?" Cain smiled.

"I have a job for you, but that doesn't matter now. Someone wants to meet you." Mauzzkyl replied, pointing at the mansion door behind him.

Cain looked at the door, "The hell is going on?"

"You can notice it from here?"

"Father's divine energy has doubled several folds, and I sense an Archon inside." Cain scratched his head, "Yochlol!"

Ten dark elf angels surrounded Cain, fully armed. "Did you call us?" They bowed down.

"We might face an Archon. Get ready." Cain said, staring at the door.

"Can we beat such a thing?" One of the Yochlol gasped.

"I will go through the trouble of making one of you into an Archon if you beat this thing." Cain declared.

"You won't need to fight her, but I understand your caution against the god's royal guard." Mauzzkyl said, "I wouldn't be sitting here if we needed to fight."

Hearing those words, Cain walked toward the door, "I've seen my share of manipulation. I'm not going to let my guard down easily."

Cain opened the door and walked inside. After a few steps, he saw Sofia heading to the kitchen. "Who's our guest?" He asked. The Yochlol behind him started to shake, sensing Tiamat.

"That's a surprise. Are those Lolth angels?" She replied, and Cain nodded.

After a few steps, "AHAA!" A man yawned atop the couch, terrifying the already scared Yochlol.

"Ah, Cain, you back?" It was Bahamut, taking his nap like he owned the place. "Yeah, how's the training with Sofia going?"

"She lacks skill and patience, but her growth is fast," Bahamut replied, going to sleep.

Cain kept moving and crossed Kayden in the hallway with Lily. "Kayden, have you recovered well?" Cain asked, and Yochlol behind him started losing their mind. This man is a demon lord on his own.

"We recovered well. Even the dragon's fang is doing fine." Kayden replied with a smile. "Thanks for your help," Lily bowed slightly.

"I will have a war against the demons in the abyss. Care yo to join me?" Cain asked, and Kayden got visibly excited.

"When?" He asked, "We still have about a week. Get ready."

"Of course, I will sharpen my blades." Kayden couldn't wait to test his full power there. Monsters in this world die quickly from his slashes.

Cain then kept walking toward Chad's room. On the way, they met Amaya, who bowed immediately, "Master Cain, welcome back."

The Yochlol had enough. One of them poked Cain in the back, "My lord, why is there an Undead lord just walking around pretending to be a maid?"

"She is my maid. I turned her into an undead lord by mistake." Cain replied, and Amaya smiled, "A welcome change. I prefer myself this way." Amaya smiled.

"How are things going?" Cain asked, and Amaya smiled.

"Ellie's blood supply is about to dry. She asked me to inform you. My undeads are doing a great job protecting Furberg and Ourals. You don't have to worry." She bowed gently.

"Keep the good work," Cain patted her head, "How are you and the maids doing?"

"We've never been better. Visit later. We wish to play a bit." She smiledCH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"I will as soon as I get the time," Cain then kept walking toward Chad's room, slowly feeling the divine pressure building up.

"Get ready. The Archon is behind this door," Cain said, grabbing the doorknob.

"We know, lead the way." The Yochlol got ready to protect Cain.