Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Cain knocked on the door, listening carefully to any coming attack.

"Cain, you can come in," Chad replied.

Cain slowly pushed the door open, and the divine energy flooded. Waves after wave, it was far beyond anything he knew.

The yochlol backed away, their bodies unable to handle the divine energy bursting from Chad's body.

"Lord Cain, this is too much," they were like candles trying to stand against a flamethrower. No chance, not a single bit.

"We have nothing to worry about," Cain released a burst of his aura to protect them. His main worry was the Archon standing beside his father. She felt familiar for some reason.

Cain entered the room, his father sitting on the bed with the two angels beside him.

The appraisal doesn't work on any of them, showing their strength.

"Father, who's the Archon?" He stared at Evelyn. Something felt off.

"Can't you tell?" Chad replied, looking at Evelyn.

"My appraisal isn't working on her, and I only have bad memories of Archons. If there is something I should pick up on, decades of bloodshed mask it." Cain replied, creating a wooden chair to sit on, "But I have a weird feeling of nostalgia from her."

"See, you are smart," Chad replied with a smile. Evelyn also smiled.

"Nostalgia is the first step to mind control and manipulation," Cain said, his divine aura growing large enough to push on Chad.

"ARCHON!" Cain growled, staring at Evelyn, "WHO ARE YOU!" In the blink of an eye, his divine aura spiked higher, overpowering Chad and engulfing Evelyn.

"I see you have grown strong, Cain," Evelyn said, walking toward Cain.

Her voice rang in his ear, forcing his brain to work harder and harder, digging deep into memories he had long forgotten. The days he was but a baby.

'You're growing strong, Cain,' He could tap into his memories, hearing her voice again. His divine magic waned for a moment, and Chad stood walking in.

"She's your mother, the real one. Reincarnated as an Archon by Chauntea's help." Chad said with a smile.

Cain's head split into two, one trying to believe this and one trying to discern if this isn't another Mystra situation.

"I thought you'd be more emotional." Evelyn stared at him, checking his face.

"Being confused is more emotion than I can display," Cain stared at her, "I will give the benefit of the doubt," He sighed, and Evelyn hugged him. "Welcome back to mommy!"

Cain laughed, "This feels strange," He relaxed a bit but left all of his other brains alert.

"Did you hear about the system?" Cain asked, trying to push Evelyn away, but he failed. Her hug was too strong to resist.

"We talked about it with Lilia. How is the preparation on your side?" Ariel joined the conversation.

"It might be sudden, but I'm preparing for a war against the abyss. My goal is to collect brains for the system web." Cain replied. And then stared at his father, "Care to join the fight?"

Chad shook his head, "I'm going to hell to save Asmodeus. He can be a powerful ally." He replied, "Technically, he's your uncle." Chad stated, confusing Cain even more.

"Care to explain what I just heard." Cain's head started hurting.

"Asgorath, Asmodeus, and Yggdrassil are my siblings." Chad explained, "That would be the brother of Mary's grandfather. I'm Bahamut's uncle."

Cain glared at him, "Wouldn't that make you Sofia's uncle?"

"No, I'm Tiamat's uncle. Sofia only got her power." Chad smiled.

"That's a lot to take in." Cain scratched his head, "You're adam, AO's first son."

"His reincarnation, yes." Chad stared at Evelyn, "I'm not just your father. I'm everyone's grandfather."

Evelyn smiled, "In raw power, he could best rank 19 gods." She looked at Cain,

"Three gods of such rank helped him regain his power after all," Ariel stared at Cain, "The god of the elves, dwarves, and humans."

"You mean the goddess of agriculture. We, humans, farm more than we worship gods." Cain replied, and Ariel laughed, "More people pray to her than you think. There is a reason why she got that rank by the sheer following she had."

...

After discussing the past, Cain and his mother left the room to inspect the mansion while Chad rested with Ariel.

"This place is a mansion built with magic. It resides on a personal demi-plane floating in the Astral boundary between the mortal world and the infinite ethereal sea." Cain explained, and his mother grabbed his head, "I'm more interested in your wives." She grinned, "How come you have more women than I see in the street."

She grinned, staring at him. Cain laughed it off, walking toward the kitchen where he could feel Sofia.

"Cain, do you need something?" Sofia saw them, and she rushed to ask. She knew that Evelyn was Cain's mother.

"This Sofia. I met her a few months ago when I started as an adventurer. She couldn't use magic at the time and struggled to get money to bathe after a giant toad ate her." He started, and Sofia glared at him.

"That's the truth, but couldn't you word it a bit nicer?"

Cain scratched his head, "I left the part where you were stinking to high hell. But I should have mentioned how beautiful your green eyes were."

Sofia was about to kick, but she stopped, "Thanks," she mumbled.

"About what? The smell?" BAM! Sofia kicked him to the thighs, and as he fell, she caught him in a bear hug. CRACK!

"My ribs! My ribs are breaking!" Cain cried, and Evelyn started giggling, "You two love each other. Isn't it sweet when a man picks you up even when you stink like that?"

It was then it sparked in Sofia's head, realizing that truth. Cain didn't pick her up because of looks or anything else. It was just her.

"I hear some noise here-nya!" Selena poked her head from the door, "Isn't it mother-in-law-nya." She approached them.

"This is Selena. I saved her from the hand of bandits. She was caged and chained like a beast." Cain said, "But she saved me from those bandits just a few minutes later."

"I wouldn't have saved you-nya if you didn't save me first-nya." Selan smiled, approaching Cain and rubbing her shoulder at his.

"By the way, she is the only one in the wives advocating for me to marry more." Cain pointed at her.

"Is that true?" Evelyn stared at her, "Don't you want to keep him to yourself?"CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"The pride size is an indicator of the male's strength-nya. The more, the better-nya," Selena purred, "I can't have him alone-nya."

"You don't feel any jealousy?" Evelyn stared at Selena.

"Do you know how hard your son goes at night-nya? One woman will die immediately-nya. We gotta work together-nya!" Selena's tail spiked, "He's our Cain."

Cain squeezed her tail to silence her, "Selena." He stared at her, "What-nya!"

Evelyn started laughing. "He's just like his father, a never-ending ball of energy." She stared at Cain, "Go easy on them."

Cain sighed, "What are you talking about," He looked toward the door and saw Alice glaring at them, "What are you talking about without me?"