Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Cain waved to Alice, "Come in. Why are you skulking at the door?" He asked, and she walked in.

Alice looked at him with a smile, "Nothing, you just seemed to be having fun."

Cain looked at his mother, "Mom, this is Alice Furberg. The daughter of William Furberg, The lord of Furberg city."

"I know the name," Evelyn smiled, "I just didn't know the lord had a devil daughter."

"That's a long story, but we now know that devils are fallen, angels." Alice smiled, staring at Evelyn with a smug face.

"You're right. But wrong at the same time." Evelyn smiled, "Devils have strayed too far from angels that they became a new thing. But, you are different."

Evelyn opened her palm, generating a pulse of holy magic. "Magic isn't what identifies a race. It's their nature." She smiled, "Angels absorb a god's divine energy and turn it into holy magic. Devils absorb mana from the surrounding air and transform it into cursed magic."

"What do you mean?" Alice stared at her.

"You're different. You absorb divine magic from Amaterasu and transform it into either holy or cursed magic." Evelyn conjured a small ball of Chad's divine magic and sent it toward Alice.

Alice poked the ball, popping it like a bubble, "You mean I'm not a fallen angel?"

"The exact opposite. You might be the only fallen angel. The only natural born one." Evelyn approached Alice, "But let me ask you something. Can you siphon divine magic from Cain?"

Alice nodded, "I should be able to. Cain's divine magic is very moldable." She said, staring at him.

"See that? Amaterasu might not be able to grant you much power, but you can use Cain instead." Evelyn stared at her, "You're his archon, make sure to grow as many wings as you can."

Sofia stared at her, "If every god has an Archon, what do I have?" She was a dragon goddess.

"Roar, the Abishai, and the old dragons might heed your call." Evelyn smiled.

"I know about the Abishai, but I doubt dragons will respond to my call." Sofia sighed. The chromatic dragons aren't that religious.

"I'm not talking about the living. I'm talking about the great dead wyrms."

"She's right," Bahamut said from behind the door, "If you can't control your power, let other dragons use them to fight on your side." He added, walking in, "Both me and my sister can call the dragons who died praying to our names."

"Is he one of the wives?" Evelyn asked, staring at Cain.

"Hell no," Cain gasped, "He's here to train Sofia on how to use her power,"

Bahamut laughed, "My daughter is one of his wives. I guess we're a family now." He then stared at Cain, "Still want me to make some platinum armor and weapons for you? Give me a smithy to work in."

Cain flicked his finger, and a blue portal appeared, "There is a large demi-plane inside. You can connect to Furberg or any place to source your tools, and I will pay for them."

Bahamut smiled, turning toward the portal, "I only need a large enough space. I'm waiting to see what magic you would pull off." He said, referring to Cain linking him back to Tiamat.

Evelyn stared at Arad, "You know a lot of people,"

Cain giggled with a scared face, "This is the start,"

"Cain, wasn't father here?" Mary and Marina walked in, looking toward Cain.

"Mom, those are Marina and Mary," Cain looked at them, "Marina is the daughter of Ourals' previous lord and the current ruler of Ourals in my stead. She is also my only high priest."

He then looked at Mary, "You know her, the daughter of Bahamut. She saved my life more than I can remember."

The two girls bowed lightly, "We're in your care,"

Evelyn smiled, "You have a lot of wives," As she was about to speak, Hati, Zaleria, and Farryn walked into the room.

As Cain was about to introduce them, Isbert, Lola, and Nemmoxon walked in, "What are you talking about without us?" Sara and Noel followed them just a moment later.

Ding! Mei popped out of nowhere, Ishtar and Alva behind her, "We heard Cain's mother is here," She shouted like a little bell.

"Oh my, Chad," She stared at them, "The room got crowded," She looked around, trying to count them.

"Chad?" Cain stared at her.

"I mixed [oh my god] with trying to compare you to Chad when he was younger." She smiled, "But she isn't normal, is she?" Evelyn pointed toward Sara.

"She is Isbert's sister and is with us as a diplomat to the elves. She got her brain consumed by an Aboleth's tadpole." Cain explained, and Sara bowed slowly, "Lady Evelyn, we're in your care."

Evelyn smiled, "I was only asking,"

"There is still one named Gracie, but she is working right now," Cain added.

***

Kayden walked outside the ship with Lily, "This place is amazing," she said, looking around.

"Don't move away from me. There are a lot of spiders here." Kayden replied, grabbing her by the hand.

"You mean Lolth? Cain defeated her," Lily looked down at him. She was massive.

"You're right," Kayden stopped for a moment, "Do what you like," He sighed.

Lily rushed away, exploring the new city.

[Kayden-chan, how are you doing?]

"Why ask while you're in my head all the time?"

[I'm not. I wanted to ask if you could take some food to my temple.]

"Fine, I will get it done."

Kayden walked around the harbor going from one stall to the other, buying as much food as he could carry with his six arms.

Everyone in the city stared at this demon walking around, but no one dared to speak.

"Kayden Daimon, is that you?" A woman called him.

As Kayden turned around, he didn't recognize her, "I don't know that many dark elves. Who are you?" He asked.

"A maiden of Eilistraee. Just want to ask if you saw Eilistraee." She asked with a gentle bow.

"She is on the ship trying to get a word with Cain," Kayden replied and walked away immediately, "Wait a moment," She called him again,

Kayden stopped, glaring back at her, "What? I'm in a hurry, so speak up!" He growled.

"Is that red demon with you? She has been caught unable to pay for her food." She pointed into the distance.

Kayden looked in that direction, "She left without taking any money?" He spoke, "I will go to her right away. Thanks for your help."

He turned away and headed to grab Lily. The maiden rushed toward the ship to find Eilistraee.

[Kayden-chan, after you deliver the food. Would you be looking to create more demons?]

Kayden shook his head, "The more I thought about it, the more it sounded like a bad idea."

[It is not, the more demons you rule, the stronger you will get.]

"I will think about it,"F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

[Start making demons,]

Kayden shook his head, looking around him, "Could I control more demons? I can't exert anything over Lily."

[Agh! You're right,] Kali gasped, scratching her head, [But you need to practice, right?]

With Kayden now receiving direct support from her, his blood can turn people into demons. But that doesn't mean he can control them all. He has a lot of limits.

"I can only feel her general location,"

[You will unlock more abilities the more you turn people into demons] Kali explained.

[It's like swordsmanship, you unlock more skills by using the sword.]

Kayden finally found Lily standing outside a food stall, glaring down at the owner.

The poor man shook as the ninth-foot-tall behemoth glared at him with glowing red eyes. "Please pay up," He cried.

Lily froze, unable to speak, as her pocket was empty. But her stern expression only scared the owner more and more.

"Lily, come here," Kayden called from the side, and she turned toward him with a relieved face.

"Kayden!" She cried, rushing at him, "Money in my left pocket. Take some." Kayden said. Six arms aren't enough when carrying so much food on you.

"Thank you, I was scared of getting arrested," She cried,

Kayden glared at the terrified owner, "Don't forget to carry money next time, or at least check your pocket before buying anything."

[With her size, I doubt any regular citizen would dare to speak up to her.]

After Lily paid the terrified owner, she and Kayden headed toward Kali's shrine.

As they walked up the dark stony hill, they could see lights glimmering in the distance like jewels. "Someone is there?"

[A lot of orphans are waiting.]

"Sleep for a bit. Dinner will be ready soon." A dark elf boy said, urging the other small kids to sleep.

"It's been boiling for a while," a little kid said, refusing to sleep, Looking at the covered boiling pot in the corner.

"Food takes a lot of time to cook. Go to sleep," He covered him with a leather wrap.

Thud! Kayden and Lily stepped there, "Who are you?" The kid cried, lifting a wooden stick to fight.

Kayden ignored him and walked toward the pot, lifting the lid.

Bubble! Bubble!

"Boiling water? Nothing else inside."