Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Kayden dropped the bags and stared at the child, "The pot is empty,"

The kid growled, "This is nothing of your business, scram!" the kid yelled, swinging his stick at Kayden.Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Slack! The stick smacked into Kayden's leg without doing any damage. "Listen, kid. This food is for you and the others." Kayden pointed to the bags.

The kid growled, staring at the bags, confused.

[Kayden-chan, ask him about the whereabouts of the offerings.]

"Listen, what happened to Kali's offering," Kayden asked, glaring at the kid with his darting six eyes.

The kid shivered, took a step back, and cried. "AGWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!"

"Agha?" Kayden stepped back, confused about how to act.

"Let me handle this," Lily stepped forward, patting the kid's head. The little boy barely reached her knee in height.

"Don't be scared. We're here to help." She smiled, "Look, we even gave you food."

"I don't think that is the problem," Kayden said.

"I know, you scared him. Next time put your eyes away when speaking with children." She glared back at him.

After a few moments, the kid seemed to calm down.

"They stole them. Each time we got an offering, they came and took it."

[Who?] Kali growled with her divine power rumbling. Kayden's body flashed with a pink light which quickly turned crimson red.

"Kid, where did they go?" Kayden asked, glaring down at the kid.

"In that direction," He pointed, and Kayden nodded, "Lily, let's go. We have blood to spill."

"You'll kill them?"

[Stealing a god's offering is a sin punished by Death,] Kali growled, [Death is the only way for those stealing food from the orphans,]

"Of course, I can't let them live after what they did," Kayden replied as Kali's rage flew through his veins.

Lily stared at the kid with a smile, patting his head. "Here is the food. Eat your fill and feed the others." She said, "We will be back soon," Her eyes glowing red as she stood.

"I'm going with you?" Lily stared at Kayden.

"Of course, you're a demon now." He replied, "I want to see how you fight."

The two walked up the stone hill, "Look carefully for any movement,"

After a few moments, they saw two men walking downhill, "Nice day to you," The two men greeted Kayden and Lily and then kept walking.

Kayden looked back, "Lily," He said, and she stared at him, "Kill them!" He growled.

"Wait, why?" She gasped, and he pointed at them, "Listen carefully,"

Lily strained her ears, trying to catch any sound possible.

"Holy hell, did you that chick?" one of them whispered.

"The fuck is she? A giant?" The other whispered,

"No way, let's hurry and grab what they left in the shrine and leave. I don't want to fight them,"

"Damned monsters, at least we don't need to face them directly."

After listening for a while, Lily approached from the back silently.

Thud! One turned, swinging his sword, "Who is there?" CLACK!

His blade halted, stuck into the side of Lily's waste as she glared down with her red eyes.

The man started shaking, "Mo, mo, monster!" He cried, and Lily caught his face, Lifting him, "You're with the thieves?" She growled,

Thud! The other thief took a step forward, thrusting his sword.

Lily immediately swung the man in her hand, smacking the thief with him.

CRACK! The man rolled on the ground, coughing blood.

Thud! Thud! Thud! Lily approached the man, grabbing him by the head.

"Lily, wait a moment," Kayden called her, walking toward them.

Lily faced him, lifting the two men by the head. "You want to interrogate them?" She asked.

"I don't care about asking," Kayden said.

"You monsters, let us go!" One of them screamed.

Kayden stared at them, his eyes darting around as if possessed.

"I like you as dogs more,"

Kayden pushed his index fingers into their necks. "Let's see what you can do," He said.

GRWAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! The two men screamed in agony, their skin twisted, and their eyes bled. CRACK! CLACK! Lily could hear their bones and organs twirl inside their bodies.

"Drop them down. They are ready." Kayden said, and Lily let go.

Thud! They fell on their faces, slowly standing up with smoke gushing from their mouths. "Lead up to your den, and don't kill anyone," Kayden said, and the two men rushed forward.

"What did you do?" Lily asked with a terrified face.

"I turned them into demons. I can control them as I see fit." Kayden looked in the direction they ran in. "I can train them like dogs,"

"Am I the same?" she asked with a scared face,

"No, you're special. I'm not exercising any control over you." Kayden replied, staring at her.

Lily's body tensed up, her cells screaming, "See? I won't control you," Kayden released her immediately.

Lily gasped for air, "A demon lord, I understand it now." She sighed, "We borrowed our life and power from you. We don't own anything."

"That's right," Kayden replied, "Let's go. We have work."

Lily called him, "Hold up, doesn't that mean?"

"Yes, you won't die as long as I live." He replied as the two of them followed the thieves.

After reaching the den, Kayden found the two demons standing a bit away, "Our lord, this is the den," They kneeled immediately.

Kayden stared at them, "Good job, you served your purpose." POP! Their bodies exploded in a pool of blood. Only their clothes remained unharmed.

Lily leaped back, scared, "What happened to them?"

"I don't need them anymore," Kayden replied,

"You could have let them live till we finished clearing the place. We might have needed their help," Lily said, hiding her shivering knees. He could kill her in the same way.

"You're right," Kayden replied, lifting his hand, BLOP! The thieves' bodies reformed into their clothes. The two of them stared at Kayden silently and with deathly faces.

"You got to live a bit longer, thanks to her," Kayden said. He approached the door, "Come, we will see what's inside.

Knock! Knock!

"Who's there?" One of the bandits inside the cave yelled, approaching the door. "It's us. We got the food." One of the demons replied, and the man happily opened the door.

When he looked outside, he saw Lily glaring down at him, "Who are you?" He shouted, getting punched in the face a second later.

Thwack! He rolled inside with a broken nose. BAM! BAM! Lily rushed behind him and stomped him.

"Ugly monster!" One of the thieves flashed away, severing Lily's head with one swing of his sword. As her head flew away, the blood stopped in midair.

Thud! Her hand grabbed his wrist, and she glared at him.

"The blood is linking hear head to the body?" The man growled, pulling a dagger from his side. CLANG! He sliced her arm off and cut her torso in half with a solid swing.

SPLAT! Just before she could fall, the blood held her together. "Recover," Kayden said in the back.

Thud! Lily's body stuck together, and she felt no pain at all.

Lily lifted her fist, swinging a punch at the thief.

"All I need to do is cut you till you die!" He screamed, swinging his sword at her fist.

The blade sliced her from the knuckles up to the shoulder. But in a terrifying splatter, her arm stuck together, and the punch landed.

CRACK! The man flew back, bleeding from his nose, "Help!" He growled, looking back.

The other thieves were dead, killed by the two demons Kayden raised.

"It's your end!" Lily said, lifting her foot.

"Please, stop!" The man cried, CRACK! Lily stomped his head to the ground, killing him immediately.

"Nicely done," Kayden walked forward, slicing his wrist.

SPLASH! He swung his arm, splashing blood on all the corpses.

CRACKLE! The corpses jerked back to life. All but the one Lily stomped. She destroyed his brain.

The demons rose, and Kayden opened his arms, "How does it work again?" He asked.

[You need to focus more on an image, I will have the rest.] Kali replied.

[Blood Magic]

In a scream of agony, all the demons merged in a horrifying scene. Lily had to look away, almost throwing her lunch out.

After just a few seconds of screaming, two massive monsters emerged, Bulldog-shaped demons on the side of cows.

[Two Komainu, Guardian demon dogs.]

"Follow us," Kayden turned around, seeing Lily panting on the side.

"Are you alright," He patted her back,

"I'm fine," she gasped, "I'm not used to this, and my legs are feeling weak,"

She is used to seeing people die but not seeing them turning into a paste.

"I see," Kayden said, gripping her back and hips.

"Let me go. I can walk on my own!" Lily cried.

"You said your legs are weak. I will carry you back home," Kayden walked to the temple back with her.

As they approached, They could see the children eating.

"Are you satisfied?" Kayden asked.

[Thank you, Kayden-chan.]