Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Kayden looked at the shrine and the Komainu, "You two guard the place, don't move unless someone attacks the place."

The children ran inside the shrine, hiding behind Kali's statue as the monster sat at the door, waiting like solid rocks.

Lily approached the kid, "Don't worry, they won't hurt you." she smiled, "They are here to scare the bad guys away."

Kayden looked around, and his eyes stopped at the Komainu staring at him, "Have something to say?"

"Lord, are we here to guard? Is that our calling?" One of the Komainu spoke, growling.

"Yes, kill anyone who threatens the kids. Spare all those who surrender or run away, as long as they didn't steal or hurt anyone." Kayden glared at them, his eyes darting and glowing, "Don't make me come here again,"

"As you wish, my lord." The two Komainu replied with a deep bow, starting their mission right there and then.

Lily approached Kayden, "The kids have calmed down a bit. Should we leave?" She looked back.

"We gave them food and secured the place. Is this enough?" Kayden looked up. A pink light flashed in his eyes, radiating divine energy.

[The mission completed, thank you, Kayden-chan.] Kali replied happily, [Here is your new divine ability,]

[Demon Suns]

[Demon Moons]

[You can create specified demons with your blood. Demon Suns are like paladins, while the moons are curse demons.]

"What is Lily?"

[Both, She an eclipse demon created from your raw power. You can call her a demon queen, an Oni.]

"Does that mean the sun and moon demons are weaker?"

[No, they are specialized.]

[Lily has 50% holy magic and 50% cursed magic. Those two cancel each other but give her a massive physical power.]

[Sun demons have 100% holy magic.]

[Moon demons have 100% curse magic.]

Kayden nodded, looking at Lily. "We're done here. Let's go back."

Lily smiled, "I'm exhausted. Having my head cut off was painful." She looked back at the children, "I hope they can live better,"

"Yes, for now, let's leave," Kayden said with a smile.

The two of them walked away, heading toward the ship.

***

Knock! Knock! Mauzzkyl knocked on the mansion door, "I have other jobs to do. Can you just come out?"

CRACK! Cain opened the door, "You could have entered,"

"Not my thing," Mauzzkyl pointed back. Eilistraee stood in the corner, cleaning her sword. "A mission from Eilistraee, the goddess. She says to have Eilistraee fight you to death."

Cain looked toward Eilistraee, "Took her long enough. I was waiting for it." He smiled, "Let's finish it,"

Mauzzkyl stared at him, "You knew?"

Cain smiled, "Yes, It's the whole reason I learned [Blade Dance]" Cain looked at Eilisraee, "Will fight inside a demi-plane, follow me."

Eilistraee and Mauzzkyl followed him inside the mansion. On their way, they met Alice, "Where are you going?"

"To fight Eilistraee, care to watch?" Cain smiled, "You will never see such a thing in your life again."

Alice started following them, and so did all the girls. "What exactly is going to happen?"

"I will fight Eilistaee to death using [Blade Dance]." Cain explained, "It will be a long fight, be ready."

After reaching the hallway end, Cain conjured his staff. "Lilia, can you come for a moment?" He said, and Lilia walked like she was always there. "You don't call me that often. What happened today?" She smiled.

"Can you create a demi-plane for me?" Cain smiled, "A big and sturdy one, with extra special care."

Lilia smiled, "I will require payment later, but I can make it." She flicked her finger, and her staff appeared, "From one to a hundred, how much care do you want?" She smiled.

"One hundred, go all out." Cain replied, and Lilia smiled, "Nice, very nice!"

BAM! She smacked her staff on the ground, floated up, and swung it around.

"Setting everything to the maximum!" she yelled, her staff spun around her body.

Her mana rapidly expanded. Everyone felt the pressure from her even though Cain protected them with their aura.

Alice, who stood directly behind Cain, fell on her knees, shaking. Zaleria barely managed to stand, while Sofia found it hard to breathe.

Selena held to the wall with her claws, barely keeping her eyes open. Isbert, who was a bit away, fell unconscious, and so did Marina and Nemmoxon.

Mauzzkyl cringed, trying to keep a calm face in the face of the horrid wave, "What is this?" He gasped, "The sheer amount is ridiculous," Chad, who was in his room, walked out with Ariel and Evelyn, "What is this noise about?" He was unaffected.

Evelyn gave Lilia a concerned look, "Oh! Massively gross. It's fascinating."

Ariel almost panicked, "Holy heavens, what is that?" She hid behind Chad, who smiled, "Stay behind me. I will block it all."

"Thanks for the compliment, but I suggest you hide behind your son!" Lilia said with a wide grin.

Chad immediately felt it, dragging both of his wives and hiding behind Cain. "Can you handle it?"

"You will feel the hit for sure!" Cain replied, clapping his hands together and creating a barrier.

As Lilia's magic expanded again, Mauzzkyl felt as if he got hit with a hammer to the face, knocked out immediately. Cain protected the girls, but they couldn't resist it as well.

The only one who stood awake behind Cain was Chad, struggling to stand, "She isn't creating a simple demi-plane," Cain smiled.

Chad glared at her, remembering his father's AO, "The forbidden magic of creation?"

Cain smiled, "The one closer to godhood than the gods," He looked toward Lilia, "She is creating a small world, exploding it into existence."

In the void of nothing, a spark of magic started an explosion. Each flash conjured an element, accelerating them to unknown speeds. Colliding in the cosmic chaos, one after the other, they shattered and reformed.

The massive barrier of magic isolated the elements as they formed an intricate web, curling into a titanic flaming rock. Lilia smiled, "Let time pass, and rapidly!" She swung her staff with a smile.

Eons passed, the rock cooled down, and water filled its cracks. Mountains fell from the sky to anchor the ground, and pillars emerged on the surface to hold the sky up.

Magic concentrated in the sky, exploding a sun into existence to illuminate the land.

After a while, a flash appeared, and from it, Lilia and everyone emerged.

Thud! As she appeared, Lilia fell on the ground, puking, "Damn it, I have exerted myself like this in a long time," she started shaking, and Cain rushed to help her.

Her face looked pale, and the light in her eyes started to fade, "Here!" He touched her head, releasing his mana directly into her body.

Lilia smiled, "You have to pay a lot for this," He giggled, "But they seem to have passed out," She looked back.

Chad was sitting on the ground, panting, "The hell was that," And everyone else was unconscious.

"Forbidden magic," Cain replied.

"AO would create a world millions of times bigger than this without breaking a sweat," Lilia said.

"I'm by no means close to him in any way," Lilia giggled, lifting her hand, and touching Cain's face. "How did you survive it unfazed?"

Cain closed his eyes, and for an instant, his magic wave matched Lilia. She smiled, "You know I would prefer you piss on my face than coping my wave?"

"Do you have a problem with me doing either?" Cain patted her head, and she sighed.

"You're the only one who can do it. I must accept it," Lilia rested her head on his thigh, falling asleep.

After holding for a while, Chad fell asleep as well. Cain looked back at him, "To stand to her magic with your sheer might, you might be the only person in the world who could do it."

Cain closed his eyes, "It's my turn. To fill this place."

Crackle! Lightning fell from the sky, followed by rains, flooding the whole place. Cain transformed into Cthulhu, carrying everyone with his tentacles.

Lilia got special treatment as she lacked a lot of mana. Cain swallowed her into his body, filling her body with his tentacles to deliver a direct link of mana.

BAM! The massive beast stumbled, feeling a sharp pain in his chest as Lilia absorbed his magic. "Master is absorbing too much, but I can handle it," He sighed, taking a deep breath.

Cain flung his massive wings. FLAP! He flew into the sky, looking for a suitable arena to fight in.

After a while, he found what he wants. Cain used his magic to mold the ground, flattening it for the ascension fight.

After several minutes, It was all ready, and he sat on a nearby lake, waiting for everyone to wake up from the shock.

"Cain, do you have a moment?" Cain then heard a familiar voice behind him. He turned around to see Alice. No, something was different about her.

"Who are you? Alice is still inside me." Cain growled, "No living being should exist in this place."Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"I know," The woman replied, "We don't have much time. Come find me in the lowest layer of hell as soon as possible," She smiled, "Because it's about..." Her body disappeared before she could finish speaking.