Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Cain looked around, trying to guess what had happened. "Who was she?"

'That aura is similar to Alice, but it isn't her.' Morena replied.

'A more mature aura,' The first brain pointed out, 'It's a grown-up version of her, time message?' the second brain almost hit the mark.

"It's better if we hurry up," Cain stood, unfurling tentacles around the arena. CRACKLE! CRACKLE! Thunderstorm washed over the place.

ROAAAARRRR! His screech rumbled across the world.

Eilistraee opened her eyes, lying on the flat ground under the rain. Slowly lifting her head up, he saw the ineffable abomination growling in a lightning storm.

"What is this?" she gasped, unable to take her eyes from the terrible tentacle storm.

BAM! The entire undescribable crime of existence vanished, and Cain landed on the other side of the arena.

Cain walked toward her, his blade in hand. Lightning and firestorms burst from his back. Each step he took resembled a fireball exploding.

In his last step, his body disintegrated, and from his ashes, a naked dark elf woman materialized, her body swallowed in a silvery mist.

"Eilistraee, show me what you have," Cain said, swinging his blade to the side. TING! It resonated across the whole battlefield.

Eilistraee's eyes shivered, unable to understand what she was seeing, "Who are you? No, what are you?" She cried, "That form is our goddess!" She yelled.

"Gods are timeless. They have always existed and will exist forever since their birth." Cain said, "You shall discover the truth here, defeat the fake one and arise. The dancing queen of the moonlight."

Thud! He lashed toward her at a blinding speed, and Eilistraee barely dodged by bending her neck. CLANG! Deflecting his blade to the side.

CRACK! Cain kicked her in the face, sending her rolling at high speed.

"Hold on for a moment!" Eilistraee barely stood leaning on her sword. "Explain it to me!" She screamed.

Cain stared at her, lifting his blade, [Blade dance: Hoping Maiden under the moonlight]

Eilistraee recognized his stance, immediately lifting her guard up, "Who taught you that?" She cried, seeing his body disappear.

BOM! He appeared at her her side, swinging at her neck.

CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! She deflected his first clash, but more followed shortly after. Each hit was swifter and more potent than the latter.

"Damn you!" she swung her blade at him. Just before her slash could connect. CLANG! BAM! Cain disarmed her and then punched her in the face, blasting her body away.

BAM! BAM! CREEK! Eilistraee's body finally stopped. Thud! Her blade landed beside her head, "Eilistraee never stepped on her heels, always staying on the tips of her toes." Cain rushed at her.

Eilistraee barely stood up, lifting her blade. CLANG! She blocked Cain's slash with a shaking hand. SLIDE! Cain's sword slick across her. Slash! Cutting her across the chest.

BLAH! Eilistraee coughed blood as her lungs were sliced open, but before she could fall to her knees, the pain disappeared with her wounds.

'What is happening?' She looked down at her chest, 'Did he heal me?' She lifted her head.

SLICE! Cain sliced her head out, and her blood splattered on the ground.

Eilistraee opened her eyes, standing still in her place and blood covering her torso.

'I don't have time to think about it. I must cut him down.' She glared back at Cain.

"I thought the first ally I would kill would be Vars. To think it will be you. Sylph will be sad." Eilistraee grinned, blood covering her face.

[Blade dance: Flash of the Night!]

Eilistraee's sword gleamed bright as her hand vibrated. She slowly set it straight, moonwalking backwards.

ZAN! She vanished, leaving a small trail of dust where she stood.

Cain smiled, lifting his hand up. CLANG! He blocked the horrid strike reaching his back, "Imperfect. Look at all the dust you left?" He glared at her.

CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG!

She swung a sword of slashes at him, and he deflected each one of them. "Those gauntlets of yours have some weight to them. They are slowing you down." Cain said, deflecting her sword one last time [Blade dance: Backward slash]. He swung the back of his sword at her.

BAM! She dodged, but her solleret exploded, leaving her barefooted. "Damn it, I lost control again." She leapt away, trying to get her stance back.

"You didn't lose control. Fight as you see fit." Cain said with a smile, lifting his blade.

"Shut up! Blade dance is a sacred weapon art to use maidens of Eilistraee. We will not tamper with the goddess's teaching!" She shouted at him, "I failed my stance, and that's why my solleret shattered." She growled.

"Goddess teaching?" Cain grinned, "What bullshit are you spotting, Eilistraee."

Cain raised his blade, "Since when did you need instruction to follow? People should follow your teachings."

Eilistraee ground her teeth, "Shut up!" Her eyes started glowing, "None of us shall leave this place alive," She lifted her blade, getting ready for the last dance of her life.

[Blade Dance: Final Flash of life, a tribute to the moon.]

Cain imitated her stance, [Blade Dance: Final Flash of life, a tribute to the moon.]

"You bastard, who taught you those moves?" She growled, seeing a man taking Eilistraee's form and imitating her moves.

"I learned them from you, and to you, I'm returning them," Cain replied, his body disappearing into a trail of mist. "Nonsense, die! Saving you was a mistake!" Eilistraee disappeared as well. CLANG!

Mauzzkyl slowly opened his eyes. CLANG! CLANG!

"What happened?" He scratched his head, unable to believe he had passed out. "Damn her, laughing tornado."

CLANG! CLANG!

"What is this?" He looked toward the arena, his eyes fixated on the two fightings. "What is the?" He couldn't believe his eyes. The speed of their swords had already surpassed what should be possible, and with each clash, he could sense the both of them slowly dying.VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"STOP!" He shouted but then remembered that his quest was to get Eilistraee killed in a duel. "What is happening here?"

Chad woke up and stared toward the battlefield, immediately understanding it. "He's forcing her to understand her nature. Literally beating the talent of her skin."

Chad then glared at Cain, "The blade dance, your ability to take that form, and now mixed with your divine power. It isn't that Eilistraee is weak. You're setting her against unbeatable odds." Chad said with a straight face as the girls slowly woke up.

"Why are they killing each other? We must stop them!" Farryn yelled, pulling the hammer out, "Everyone assists me!"

Chad lifted his hand, "Stop right there. Don't interfere in the fight. You will die!"

Farryn glared back at Chad, "You aren't suggesting we let them kill each other?" she yelled, lifting her hammer up.

Sofia stopped her, "Calm down. Cain has a plan. I'm sure of it." She stared at the battlefield with a worried stare.

"But why did Cain ask Lilia to make a whole world?" Alice asked the important question, making everyone realize that the fight had just started.

Cain swings his sword horizontally, causing the wind around him to rumble, CLANG! Eilistraee deflected his strike, but the shock wave marched back, blasting a chunk of the battlefield in an instant.

As the debris rose to the sky, Eilistraee held her sword with one hand, swinging at Cain's head. He blocked her attack, causing her gauntlets to explode.

"This is it. Put more force behind it. Don't spare anything. Use all you get." Cain shouted, deflecting her sword and then kicking her away.

Eilistraee used the momentum of his kick to spin around, sending a rumbling slash at his torso.

Cain smiled, "How about this?" He swung his sword in the air, but Eilistraee felt threatened to the point she ducked down. TING! Above her head, a thin invisible like crossed the sky. It was spider webbing.

"Lolth's webbing? How dare you mix that filth into blade dance?" Eilistraee growled, swinging her blade at the thread, slicing it.

"It's my power now. I will use it as I see fit." Cain replied, stomping the ground, [Mammon's touch]

The whole arena turned into gold, the sunlight reflecting from the smooth surface. "Less friction, harder ground, and more. Let's see how you handle this!" Cain smiled. CRACKLE! A lightning bolt fell from the sky, quickly spreading on the ground.

GRWA! Eilistraee screamed as she got zapped. Thud! She immediately leapt into the air, "You bastard!"

"Yes, did you call me?" Cain appeared behind her back, Thwack! He punched her to the ground, GRWAAAAAAAA! Where she got zapped again.

Cain stared down at her, lying unconscious as lightning grilled her body. "I need you to understand how blade dance work. For that, I will make sure you never die here." He opened his palm and his divine energy cursed through the realm.

ZON! Eilistraee opened her eyes, felling the lightning burn her skin. Thud! She leapt toward Cain.