Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

BAM! Eilistraee rushed toward Cain, swinging her sword at him in a flash. CLANG! Cain deflected her blade to the side, grabbed her hand and swung at her neck. BAM! She headbutted him in the face and kicked him away. Thud! She then rushed at him at an incredible speed.

Cain swung as he saw her charging at him, CLING! Eilistraee blocked his swing and countered with a hit of her own.

Cain dodged her slash and then aimed at her chest. Eilistraee leapt away and held her blade above her head.

[Blade dance: Blade dance of Eilistraee]

Cain took a stance, knowing this was what he was waiting to see. "Come at me, Eilistraee." He smiled, "There are no orc hordes this time, but I will be enough to take their place."

Their swings slowly started to accelerate, and each clash flashed brightly.

Evelyn, who watched with the girls, stood, "We have to move away. They are about to start destroying the place."

Everyone looked at her, confused, "They are swinging swords. How bad could it be?" Sofia asked.

CLING! As Cain and Eilistraee's blades clashed, a nearby mountain got sliced in half.

"The hell was that-nya?" Selena cried, her tail frozen straight.

"When a blade dance user swings his blade and depending on his mastery, he can cut the reality ahead of him." Evelyn said with a serious face, "It's like the spell [Reality Break] but a weapon skill forces this one. It's why Cain had Lilia build a whole world, so they can break it without damaging the real world."

Sofia, Zaleria, Mary and Nemmoxon transformed into their draconic forms, Carrying everyone and flying away as fast as they could as the two clashed in the back.

Chad stared back, "This happens when two gods clash in the mortal world."

"What gods? Only Cain is a god there. How could Eilistraee hold up against him?" Alice asked, staring back with a worried face.

Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Can't you feel it?" Ariel said, staring back, "The divine energy slowly dripping from her blade."

Everyone looked back, and now they are focusing on it. There was indeed a hit of divine energy other than Cain's. The divine power that they had never felt before.

Evelyn stared back, "I guess that Eilistraee fighting Cain now is the goddess Eilistraee before she accended into godhood." she explained, "Out of all gods, she is the only one who punched her way to divinity by the sheer skill with the blade."

"A sword goddess, the dancing maiden of the moonlight." Mauzzkyl said, "So my job was to force her to ascend by pitting her against Cain?"

"I would guess so," Evelyn replied, and Chad smiled, "I'm happy that his skill with the blade improved, but will he survive Eilistraee's gradual ascension?"

"I would guess not. Eilistraee will eventually surpass him in sword skill." Evelyn replied. BAM! Eilistraee's body flew past them at that moment, even though they were flying pretty fast.

"What?" Farryn gasped, seeing Eilistraee crash into a massive rock and stand immediately. Thwack! She bounced back like a spring.

Farryn looked back, freezing in her place with a scared face, "What is that?"

A massive aura of darkness and a single bright light flashed. Cain wasn't holding back. He was fighting to kill Eilistraee.

"Faster, Sofia, or we will get caught in their fight!" Farryn screamed, knowing they could not survive a single hit of what Cain was throwing at Eilistraee.

Then, a voice spoke from the side. "Me and the girl there can survive. I bet sir chad and his wife could as well,"

To their said, a massive platinum dragon flew, his wings blotting the sun. "But I'm sure it will hurt as hell. Let's run just in case." He said.

"How did you get here?" Chad stared up at him. He was sure Cain didn't bring him here.

"Well, the lady here needed to find Lilia, and she managed to find a way after you." Bahamut turned his head, showing the back of his neck. And look and behold, none stood there beside Sylph herself.

"The dragons are preparing to attack the capital since Lilia disappeared again. Do you know where she is?" Sylph walked to the side, Staring down at the girls as if she wasn't standing on a flying dragon god.

"Is this Sylph?" Half of the girls gasped, looking up at the ruby eyes gleaming in the sky.

"She's back within Cain's body. I did feel her aura." Alice pointed back, "Thank you," Sylph nodded, and BAM! She leapt from Bahamut's back so hard that he almost dropped to the ground.

Before she could make it far enough, Chad leapt in front of her, causing Sofia to crash to the ground from his jump.

"Not so fast," Chad grabbed her, "Cain and Eilistraee are fighting. I can't have you interrupt the fight."

Sylph looked at him with a smile, "Isn't it father-in-law? Nice to meet you. But I have to take Lilia back quickly." She escaped his grasp, flying toward Cain at an unbelievable speed, leaving shock waves behind her.

"That's Yggdrassil's power." Chad said, "I can't catch her right now." He looked back at Ariel.

"No, stop!" Ariel cried, seeing him stare at her with a gentle smile.

As Sylph flew away, she suddenly heard a scream approaching her rapidly. KYAAAAAAAA! Ariel's body flung past her at a blinding speed.

"How?" Slyph gasped, seeing the angel's body thrown like a ragdoll. CRACK! From Ariel's back, Chad materialised instantly, cutting Slyph's way and Grabbing her by the face.

"Caught you!"

You can always hit them with a stone if you can't catch them by chasing. Chad did the same thing and threw Ariel toward Sylph as he couldn't physically reach her speed. And with Ariel being an angel to him, he fazed directly toward her, just like how Cain is linked with Alice.

"I told you I only need to take Lilia away." Slyph grabbed his wrist and flung his body back toward Ariel.

Chad's body flew toward the ground, but Ariel caught him. His [Fly] wasn't able to withstand Sylph's speed.

Sylph stared down with a smile and then flew away. "Like an arrow, I will enter from one side and exit from the other with Lilia in hand. Cain won't even feel me."

Swinging her finger, she tied Chad and Ariel with a massive tree root. "So sit there and wait." She smiled. Those roots are strong enough to keep two great wyrms tied. Chad couldn't possibly escape.

As she flew away, she felt something grab her ankle. Upon looking down, it was Chad, "I don't care, let Cain do what he wants." He growled, "Even such a minor interruption could mess up Eilistraee's ascension."

"Get away from me. I won't interrupt anything." She glared at the roots. They were torn apart. It wasn't magic, but he physically smashed them.

Slyph twisted her body and pulled a small orb from her pocket. She touched Chad's hand with it in one swift move to apprise him. Sylph's goal was to find a way to chain him down till she got Lilia back.

***********

<Name: Chad Lisworth><Race: Original Human><Level: 100><Exp: --- >

<HP: 9500><MP: 9500><SP: 9500>

<Strength: 60><Dexterity: 60><Constitution: 60>

<Intelligence: 60><Wisdom: 60><Charisma: 60>

<Adam's innate abilities>

[True Form: Adam's...]

***********

Chad pulled her down before she could fully apprise him. She twisted her body and pushed his wrist away. "I do want to kick you in the face, but I think that will be disrespectful to my Father-in-law," she said, flying out and avoiding a direct fight with him.

"What are you saying? You don't even listen to what I'm saying," Chad chased her with Ariel, "Wait till Cain finishes what he is doing!" Chad yelled at her.

"You don't know him, Eilistraee and Lilia more than I do. Let me handle this." Sylph stared at him with an exhausted face.

"You don't know my son better than me!" Chad yelled at her. He then used Ariel as a platform and grabbed Sylph again.

"Listen, I have a city to protect, and a horde of dragons is threatening it. I need Lilia back!" She glared at him, "You can't help me fight a horde of over a thousand dragons, can you?" She growled.

"I can," Chad replied, "Do you think only that will stand between Cain and me?"

Sylph stopped, looking at him, "You can fight?" She started thinking about it. Chad had the strength, "How about you go with me instead? You and I will drive the dragons away in the old fashion, beating them." She smiled.

"Fine by me, but Let Cain alone for now!" Chad agreed And Flicked his fingers. Evelyn appeared beside him.

"Me, Evelyn and Ariel should be a strong enough backup." He looked at her, "You can't ask more than two angels and me, right?" Chad smiled.

"Depending on the dragons, we might be lacking. But then I will bring Lilia, and It's all in your hand to make it happen." Sylph smiled, "But I won't be able to return you here until Cain Lilia returns. I hope you will find the stay entertaining, Father-in-law."