Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Cain fell on his back, closing his eyes and taking a deep breath. As he did that, the world relaxed, and it started to rain.

Eilistraee and Morena stared at him, and then something happened.

BAM! Sylph appeared, standing beside his head with a sore face, "Master," She said.

"Sylph?" Eilistraee gasped, "You." Morena stared at her.

"What is it? From your face, it's bad news." Cain replied, staring at her face.

"Vars and the wood elves betrayed us. They helped the dragons and resulted in Chad getting kidnapped." She said with a sore face.

"Let me be clear. It isn't you pulling the strings in the back?" Cain glared at her.

"No, I would tell you if that was the case." She replied.

Cain sighed, his head starting to hurt, "Things have been escalating since we reached this continent," He stared down, "I'm coming to the elvish capital soon. Prepare for me,"

"You aren't going to save Chad?" She asked.

"I doubt they captured father. He must have let them catch him." Cain said, standing.

"Chad shouldn't be able to counter Vars's toxins. The man is a master over poisons." Sylph said with a serious face.

"I think it's the reverse. Vars's toxin would not affect father with his overflowing divine energy." Cain clapped his hands, clearing the rain, "Give me a minute." Cain closed his eyes, concentrating.

"I can't find him," He kept searching for a while.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"Let me help!" Lilia crawled from the back.

Cain opened his eyes and stared at her, "Are you fine now?"

"What happened?" Sylph rushed to her.

"I'm fine. Just use a bit too much mana." Lilia stood, shaking her head. "Can't you see around you?"

When Sylph observed the world they were in, she started to feel it. Every single drop of mana belonged to Lilia. This place wasn't just a demi-plan. It is a full-blown plane of existence.

"Cain needed my help. I just made this place." He giggled.

"You're crazy. Even the gods couldn't create their worlds." Sylph sighed.

For example, the infinite Abyss is a plane of existence created by AO, and the demon web is a demi-plane created by Lolth inside it.

AO created the mortal world, and Cain made the magnificent mansion in a demi-plane. Lilia built a plane where people can start a demi-plane, a feat only achieved by AO, but her scale is far, much smaller than his.

Lilia touched Cain's back, "You can't search the mortal world from here. Let me get everyone out."

"I will be heading back then. See you in the elvish kingdom." Sylph turned around.

Cain looked at her, "Sylph, don't forget."

"I know. I will have the world tree extend to this plane." She replied with a smile, make sure to take care of yourself." She disappeared into a tree trunk like it was nothing.

Lilia closed her eyes and hit her staff on the ground. BAM!

They all appeared back on the ship, even Sofia and the girls.

"What?" Sylph and Bahamut gasped as they were forced back into their humanoid form, "I'm a god, and she can change my shape? What kind of monster is she?"

Lilia smiled, looking toward Bahamut, "In my eyes, you're the weak ones." She smiled, "You rely a lot on your divine magic without much refining or training. Just spend the eternity you have studying magic and learning weapon skills."

"We have to answer to our believers," Bahamut stared at her.

"That's your second weakness. You borrowed your power. It was never yours to cultivate." She swung her staff.

Lilia touched Cain's back, "You can now look for him. I will amplify your senses."

Cain closed his eyes. His consciousness traveled across the world, finally reaching his father.

~Father, are you all right~ Cain asked with a message spell.

~I'm fine~

~I heard the dragons captured you~

~I let them take me, I want to reach the king's lair, and this is the fastest way~

~Dragons are dangerous~

~And so am I. Don't worry. I can always have Your mother fly us away. She is far faster than you can expect~

~Fine, but here is something~

Chad felt a slight warmth on his left shoulder, tingling down to his bones.

~ It's An emergency teleport portal. It can't get you back to us, but it will put you several hundred miles away from your location~

~Thanks~

Chad replied, and the conversation stooped, "He should be fine, let's handle the wood elves." Cain said, looking back.

"That kid Vars is always a troublemaker. Doesn't he know I can smell him from here?" Lilia sighed.

"I know, I have the abyss war, creating the brain web, and more." Cain sighed.

"Like what?" Lilia looked at him.

"I wanted to have Bahamut create some equipment for us. Father also had plans to save Asmodeus from hell. I also wanted to check the ninth circle." He sighed, and Hati approached him.

"You better rest and collect your thoughts. Nothing good will come from overworking yourself." She said with a smile.

Mary and Marina agreed, and so did everyone, "Take a day's rest, and your mind will clear up," Farryn said.

"They are right, You have the power to do anything, but that won't matter if you aren't mentally prepared to use it." Zaleria smiled, "That last fight was insane,"

Cain sighed, "Fine. I will rest and think of how to deal with everything."

Cain took a few steps toward the door and stopped, looking toward the city.

Eilistraee smiled, immediately understanding what he was thinking about, "You're right. Right now, you're the only dark elf god."

Cain looked back at her, "I should start making spells for the clerics, the maidens, and the priests. Answering their prayer is still hard for me, a demi-god." He scratched his head.

"How about you create a drow pantheon? You are the leader, and Lolth and I are secondary deities." Eilistraee explained with a smile, and Cain nodded, "This will reduce my workload, but can you handle it?"

"I will do. If you grant me authority over Lolth." Eilistraee nodded.

"Hey, you can't come late and take my place." Lolth protested. She joined Cain before her. So she won't accept her as a boss.

Cain stared at her and then looked toward Sofia, "You're the first wife. What do you say?"

Sofia understood what Cain wanted, so she smiled, "Sylph, Eilistraee, and Lilia were with you from the previous life. Technically they are higher than even me."

"Heard her," Cain looked toward Lolth, "Eilistraee isn't just your boss, but everyone's boss."

"That can't be right. What does everyone think?" She looked toward the other girls with a sharp glare.

To her surprise, everyone was with Sofia and accepted Eilistraee as a higher power.

Eilistraee smiled, looking at Lolth, "Heard them. You're not the only one." She smiled, "You don't have to worry about me. Unless you're plotting something behind our backs."

Cain looked toward Eilistraee, "She has been slowly poisoning me each time she appeared, but that only helped me get immunity." Cain said with a smile, and everyone glared at her.

"No! I was trying to help. Did you hear him? He got immunity to poison," Lolth tried to brush it off, looking around with a worried face.

Cain wrapped his arm around her shoulder, "That's right, you were trying to help." He smiled, "Now, you won't mind telling me about your secret meeting with Umberlee?"

"I don't know what you are talking about," She looked the other way. CRACK! Cain forced her head to face him with magic.

"Listen, I'm not going to keep eating you over the trouble you're causing me." Cain sighed, flicking his finger.

SPLAT! A water gate appeared, "Umberlee, I heard you had a secret meeting with Lolth."

Umberlee froze when she heard Cain's voice, "My lord, please have mercy. That was her idea, not mine." Umberlee replied with a shaking voice.

"I already know what you talked about it, don't worry." Cain looked at her, "I'm not blaming any of you, for now."

Morena looked into the water gate. "Cain is saying that he will forgive the one who confesses the first."

Umberlee opened her mouth immediately, "She wanted me to contact Talos and see if we can ally to get rid of you. The plan is for her to be our way to deliver the killing blow."

Lolth glared at Umberlee, "What are you talking about?"

"Sorry, but I have no intention of having myself be associated with you," Umberlee replied, looking toward Cain. "You're not angry at me, are you?"

Cain smiled, "I'm not. Meet me here. I will send you the coordination now," Cain sent her directions to the plane Lilia made. That will be a whole world for them to play inside.

"As you order!" She bowed, and the water gate disappeared.

Cain looked toward Lolth, "I will have Sylph increase the intensity of her education later." He smiled.

"Can I play with her instead?" Lilia said, grabbing Cain's arm.

When Lolth looked directly into Lilia's eyes, she freaked out. She immediately leaped away, crying and screaming, "NO! Send me Sylph!" As she wept, Lilia sucked her into a small vial.