Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

After walking inside, Cain decided to visit Furberg. The maids there must have missed him. He approached a random door, "I'm going to Furberg. Anyone wants to follow?"

Sofia approached him with a smile, "I will go with you,"

Everyone else had their work to tend to. Cain won't be hanging long in Furberg after all.

CLICK! Cain hid his staff with a single flick, causing the door in front of him to crackle. "Let's go,"

The two walked through the portal, emerging in the hallway of Furberg's mansion. Cain stretched his arms and took a deep breath, "It's been a while,"

"It has. Should we see where the maids are?" Sofia said, walking ahead. Cain silently followed her.

As they reached the next door, it opened, and a maid walked out. "Kya!" She screamed in surprise, leaping back.

"Master, you scared me!" Jemima cried, almost dropping the flower vase in her hand.

"Careful, you almost dropped it," Cain grabbed the vase, supporting it with [Telekinesis]

"Whose fault it was?" She stared at him, "At least use the main door. For a moment, I thought you were a burglar." She sighed, sitting down to catch her breath.

"A burglar in my mansion? I don't think anyone is stupid enough to try it." Cain looked at her, "He's right,"

Jemima stared at them, "We had a burglar last week. Luckily Katherine chased him out."

Thud! Thud! Thud! Thud! Katherine rushed out from the other end of the hallway with a sword in hand, "Jemima, did the bastard return?"

At that moment, she noticed Cain and Sofia, "Master, Lady Sofia!" She stopped. "You returned?"

Cain stared at her, wearing steel plates riveted onto her maid uniform. She was carrying a greatsword and a one-handed crossbow on her waist.

"Is that maid armour?" Cain stared at her.

Katherine smiled, scratching her head, "Well, it was hard to change from a maid outfit to armour, so I just mixed them." She giggled, knocking on the steel plates on her waist and torso.

"That's nice, but it doesn't seem functional." Sofia approached her with a curious smile.

"It's hard to work in, but I got used to it," Katherine smiled, "By the way, where is the burglar?" She looked around, "Did master take care of him?"

"There is no burglar. Jemima got scared of us since we appeared out of nowhere." Cain sighed, helping Jemima stand, "What is the story of this burglar?"

​ "We don't know. The burglar snuck into the mansion last week, but I chased him away." Katherine explained, trying to describe the man.

"Come here. I have a faster way." Cain approached her, touching her forehead. "I will look into your memories and find him, relax for a moment."

Katherine closed her eyes and smiled, "Do it,"

Cain looked deep into her memories and quickly found the burglar. She was thinking about him, after all.

"I got him. I will be back in an hour. Get some tea ready in the meantime." ZON! Cain disappeared, leaving only a gentle gust of winds behind him.

"Will he be okay?" Jemima asked worriedly, "I know Master is strong, but shouldn't he at least take someone with him?" Katherine looked toward Sofia.

"Don't worry. Cain is capable." Sofia smiled, opening her eyes that flashed red, "I can see him from here as well,"

***

VON! Cain appeared in front of a cave with two bandits glaring at him, surprised. "Who are you?" One cried, "How did you appear like that!" the other screamed.

Cain looked around, his hair flowing with the wind, "This is the same cave Jack's bandits have used." He smiled, lifting his hand, and pointing toward the bandits.

"Where is the idiot who broke into my house?"

"Shut up!" One of them rushed toward Cain, swinging his axe.

"Morena!"

CLANG! In an instant, Morena appeared from behind Cain, punching the axe into pieces. The bandit cried in pain as his wrist twisted from the sheer force.

"You better start speaking!" Cain smiled, touching the bandit's head.

FLASH! Immediately, his body started turning into iron as he screamed. "What is this? Let me go!"

The other bandit stared in terror as Cain snuffed his friend into a pile of rust.

Morena smiled, "You better speak!" Glaring at the other bandit.

"AGAA!" He screamed, lifting his crossbow and firing at her.

FLUSH! The bolt melted before it could even reach her. Morena smiled, lifting her palm, "Melt into nothing!" A wave of acid rushed from her palm, consuming the bandit's whole.

"Let's head inside. Our man is in the inner room." Cain walked with her inside, eliminating every bandit they saw.

"You know, I feel like this is a date," Morena said with a smile, punching a bandit's brain out of his skull.

"What makes you think about that?" Cain stared at her with a passive face.

"We never had some time alone like this. Despite you being my son's father." she hugged his back.

"You're the one who did it, don't you remember?" Cain glared at her, "But I guess you're right." He scratched his head, "Let's clear this place quickly."

Hearing that, Morena smiled, "Can I go all out?" She asked with a smile.

"Do what you like, but no draconic form," Cain replied.

PINK! An arrow bounced off Morena's head as a bandit aimed at her. "I will make quick work of them!" She lifted her hand with a cheerful voice.

"ARISE!" She said, and the ground started to shake. Hundreds of zombies crammed the place. She scratched her chin, "Did I summon more than I need?" But then shrug it off, "The more he merrier, as Selena said. Rip them apart!"

The zombies rushed ahead as Cain stared at them.

"Isn't Amaya supposed to be guarding the place?" He mumbled, and Morena stared at him.

"Those are her zombies. She cannot just see, hear and act to everything. Amaya is a young undead, after all. Liches usually take hundreds of years to amass enough skill to control a whole army." Morena explained, "I will teach her what I know about necromancy later."

Morena quickly cleared the bandit cave again, heading out with Cain smiling. "That was a blast. Call me again!" She leapt back into Cain's body.

Cain stood in place for a moment, then summoned her again, "Why did you leave?" He stared at her.

"We finished, right?" She said with a passive face.

"No, we're going to take a bath first."

Cain opened a magical portal and stepped into it. Behind the blue haze emerged a magnificent mansion of sparking wood and glowing marble.

Thud! Morena stood behind him with a smile, "I sense no one. Is this my private time?" She asked.

"Stating the obvious? I will get more to join us later, but now, it's your time." Cain replied.

Hearing his words, Morena jumped in celebration, "Yay! Finally got it!" She then hugged Cain while giggling.

"You're too energetic," Cain replied as her chest covered his face.

"It's my time alone with you. Let me get some steam off." She hugged his head harder, "Do you know how many times I fantasized about you?"

Cain sighed in her chest, "I know, but not many people admit it as brazenly as you."

She lifted him from his sides, "Why I shouldn't? I need to be honest, at least to you."

Cain grabbed her hands and leapt down, "It took Alice a good while to admit that she loves getting her feet licked."

"I'm not her. I love having my nipples teased." Morena squeezed her chest and then looked at Cain, "Do you know what black dragons enjoy?"

Cain looked at her.

"Reds like dominance. They strive to rule. They conquer with power and might. "

"Black likes decay. They enjoy watching civilizations die and crumble from their schemes and manipulation." He said, and Morena stopped him by closing his mouth with her finger.

"You're right." she whispered, "When we black dragons seek a mate, we don't directly fight each other like Reds. We instead try ruining each other lives, and the one who succeeds takes the other as a mate." She said with shaking lips.

"You ruined my plans and whole life and pushed me to undeath. And even after that, you ruined my planes in hell and rendered me to this form." She said, staring into his eyes. "Do you know how much I like that? How many nights have I spent wishing it happened over and over?"

Cain looked at her with an exhausted face, "You're far weirder than Zaleria."

"I don't care. As long as I'm here with you, please always remind me how much I have fallen." She said, kissing him.

"Morena," Cain said.

"Cain, no, my master."

Cain immediately carried her toward the bath using [Telekinesis]. "Aren't we heading to the bedroom?"

"Will take a bath first. The place has its mood."

Cain opened the bath's glass door and walked with Morena into the changing room, where he let her stand. He then quickly took his clothes off, watching Morena strip.

She first took her top off, leaving her upper torso covered in a thin shirt on top of her bra. Cain stared at her beautiful, caramel-coloured arms.

"Nice."VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience