Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"Aren't you staring at me a bit too much?" Morena asked.

Cain kept looking at her, "You're just like Zaleria. I can feel the condensed muscles beneath your soft-looking skin."

She stared back at him. "Please stop! I might have some muscles, but I'm not like her." she sighed, touching her belly.

Cain smiled and approached her, "Can you turn around and bend down?" he asked.

Morena did ask he asked, "Like this?" Lifting her butt a bit.

Cain grabbed her two mounds, gently rubbing them with his hand, "They are soft when you're relaxed. Can you tighten a bit?"

Morena clenched her hip muscles.

Cain lifted his fist and knocked on her. KNOCK! KNOCK!

"Like knocking on hard stone." He looked amazed, "I prefer the relaxed soft feeling."

Morena turned her head toward him and replied, "I might look to have skin, but that is my scales. Remember that I'm a dragon, after all."

Cain stared at her butt for a moment, grabbing her pants and pulling them down in one go, revealing her dark-purple panties.

"Hmm." she gasped, stealing glances back at him as he rubbed her butt. "What are you admiring there?"

Cain inspected her slowly and with more concentration than he spent on anything else.

"Can you stop?" She cried, trying to pull away, but Cain held her, shoving his face onto her butt. THUD!

"YO!" Morena cried, turning toward him, "We still haven't taken a bath yet." She mumbled with her legs shaking.

"You just emerged from my body. There is no one cleaner than you in the world." Cain replied, speaking directly between her buns and causing her legs to tremble. His breath tingling down there tickled her.

When Morena, Lolth, Gray, or Eilistraee exit Cain's body, their bodies, and clothes get reconstructed from the start, making them far too clean.

Morena entered Cain's body and exited just before they came here.

"I know that, but let's get in the bath first!" She said, trying to pull away from him.

"Fine," Cain let her go. She took a few steps and stared back at him, "At least tell me before you do it again." She looked at him with a reddish face.

Cain smiled, "Can you turn around and lift your butt from?" He asked, and she sighed, doing as he said.

"This isn't what I meant."

Cain jammed his face back onto her butt, "You're surprisingly obedient. I expected you to refuse,"

"Don't speak with your face there," Morena cried, "This is just a bit embarrassing."

Cain waited a moment, "Okay, let's head to the bath." He stood up, still rubbing her butt with his hand.

"I still need to take my panties off," she looked at him.

Cain kept rubbing her butt with his hand, "I will take them off for you." He slowly pulled them down.

Morena sighed, heading to the bath with him.

As they entered the marble bath, Cain waved his hand, creating two wooden stools for them to sit on.

Seeing him sit on one of the stools, Morena slowly approached him, "Should I help you wash?"

"No, I have service," Cain smiled, clapping his hands.

With a spark, a gust of flame burst from behind him. From the fire, two devil women emerged. They had red skin, long leathery tails, and back horns.

Morena looked at them in surprise, "Pitfiends. You kept some alive?" She asked, looking at Cain.

Cain smiled, "Yes, those are from the ones I ate. I only kept those willing to serve without saying a word." He looked at the two devil women.

Morena approached them, grabbing one by the neck, "They aren't reacting at all, but I do sense sentient."

"Of course, please treat them nicely," Cain replied, and she let go of the woman. She then turned and sat on her stool.

Cain turned back, "Help us wash, and you're free to talk and act normally,"

Hearing his words, the two women sighed in relief, "Thank you, Lord Cain." The two bowed deeply.

"Don't worry about it. You deserve better. Only if you didn't act like devils." He glared at them, and they bowed again.

"Sorry about that, Lord Cain. It's in our nature."

Morena looked at him, "You kept those secrets from even me. What are they doing?"

Cain started explaining as one of the devils washed his back with a sponge.

"I kept the willing devils alive inside a demi-plane. Those two are from them." He looked back. "How is life there?"Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

"It's heaven compared to hell." One of the two devils bowed, "We don't have to suffer each day, the food is plentiful and varied, and we can even drink water that we never saw in thousands of years."

The other devil, washing Morena's back, turned toward Cain, "But some of us still yearn to get out, Can master please arrange it for us?"

Cain sighed, "Getting you out isn't the problem. What do you want to do outside?"

The two devils stared at each other, "Well, it's in our nature, isn't it?" they mumbled.

"Exactly. I can't have you go to the mortal world corrupting people left and right. I will find a place to make use..." Cain got an idea, "Finish washing us. I think I have an idea about where to send you." He grinned.

The two devil eyes sparkled, and Morena stared at Cain, "What did you think of?"

"Sending them to the wood elf kingdom." He smiled with a wide grin.

After a while, the devils finished washing Cain and Morena. "Good job, you can leave now. I will send you a mental note later,"

The two devils bowed deeply, disappearing as quickly as they appeared.

Cain and Morena walked toward the hot tub, slowly sitting inside. "Ahh! This water feels good!" Morena sighed, stretching her arms and cracking her neck.

Cain sat facing her, closing his eyes and feeling the warmth engulfing his bones. "I know. Nothing beats a hot bath to relax."

As Cain relaxed, thinking of how to send the devils to corrupt and brink the wood elves to their knees, he felt something touch his meat.

"Morena." He mumbled.

"What?" She replied, poking him with her foot, "Relax," she smiled.

"Fine, do what you like. I will get back to you in a second," Cain kept planning and ignoring Morena toying with his meat using her foot.

After a few moments, he opened his eyes to see her frustrated face, "What's the problem?" He asked.

Morena glared at him, "You're the problem," She growled. BANG! In a swift move, she kicked his jewels, causing the water to splash.

"Hey, that hurts!" Cain growled,

"Why are you still limp?" She glared at him, and he understood her problem. "Sorry. I forgot to get it up," Cain scratched his head, quickly getting his meat bigger.

"Not like this," She looked down, frustrated, "Was I that bad?"

Cain waved his hands, "No, it's not your problem. You know that I can control my..."

"I know," She sighed.

Cain pulled her toward him with [Telekinesis], sitting her on his lap, his meat jammed between her thighs. "Use those if you want to offer stimulation."

Morena looked back at him, "You're a hard one to satisfy," she mumbled, turning her head to kiss his lips while moving her hips up and down, rubbing on his meat.

"That's it. Do it a bit faster," Cain grabbed her chest, squizzing it.

"Cain," Morena mumbled,

"Come on, don't tell me this is getting you excited," Cain looked at her face, giving her a deep kiss.

"You're rubbing on me," She cried. Cain's meat got big, reaching her private parts, tickling the lone apple between the mounds.

Cain lowered his hand, grabbed it between his fingers, and started rubbing it, "Cain, stop!" Morena cried with her legs trembling.

"You're far too sensitive," Cain smiled, "Hold it a bit longer," He said, doing it faster and faster.

The moment he saw her approaching her limits, Cain stopped.

Morena stared at him, disappointed, "Why did you stop?" She looked at him.

Cain kissed her, standing up and sitting on the bathing edge, "Open your mouth," holding his meat out.

Morena pulled her hair back, approached his meant, and licked it from the base to the tip, "Isn't it a bit bigger than the last time?" she asked.

"I can go even bigger. I want to make sure I can push it all inside your throat." Cain replied with a smile, patting her head.

Morena kissed his tip, "You're underestimating me, don't worry and get as big as it can get." She started sucking slowly, and with each push, she took it deeper into her throat.

Cain gasped, feeling her acidic throat tingle on his meat, "This feels strange," He relaxed, remembering how Zaleria's throat felt strangely warm.

"Take it deeper," Cain grabbed her head and pushed it down a bit.

Morena took her hands from Cain's hips and put them behind her back, "AH!" She stopped, "I'm ready. Push it all the way inside," She opened her mouth.