Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Cain grabbed her head, slowly pushing in, and occasionally stopped when she tires to pull her head away.

"AH!" Morena took her head off and stared at Cain, "Aren't you a bit too gentle?"

"We're still in the bath. Come on." He helped her stand, "Put your hands on the wall and lift your butt."

Morena stared at him for a moment before doing as he said, slowly turning around and grabbing the wall, lifting her butt as high as she could.

Cain grabbed the two mounds staring between them, "This looks better than before,"

"Please don't start," Morena looked back at him. But Cain immediately shoved his face in.

"KYA!" Morena shuddered, her legs trembling, "You're far more sensitive than the rest." Cain gave her a long lick.

"That... isn't it." She mumbled, "This body is just weird."

"Yeah, you aren't used to a humanoid body? Or is it something else?"

"Becoming an undead and then getting a living body again caused me to become far too sensitive." She replied.

Cain grabbed his meat, rubbing it between the mounds, "Relax, and take a deep breath," He started to push in slowly, and Morena growled, "AGHHH!" She sighed as he jammed all of his lengths inside.

"AH!" Cain took a deep breath, "All in, you took it well,"

~Cain, we have a problem~

Cain froze in place, and Morena glared up at the ceiling. ~Deal with it on your own, Alice~ She growled.

~Morena? What is happening? Where is Cain~

~I don't care what problem you have, deal with it~ Morena tried to close the line, but Alice managed to keep the call stable. ~Cain, can you hear me~

~I can. What is it~ Cain replied. ~No, he cannot hear you. Leave him alone~

Alice sighed, ~Did I interrupt something~ She giggled, ~Sorry, but we have an emergency~

Morena sighed, standing while making sure Cain stayed inside. ~Spit it out~

~Asmodeus's daughter, Glasya, the goddess of all cubus, is attacking the fourth layer in search of Cain. She will ravage the first four layers if we don't stop her~ Alice explained.

~Why is she searching for Cain? Can't you just beat her away~

~We can't. Her charm is stronger than any mortal could resist. Chad is absent, and both Cain and Sofia are there with you~

~Fuck, I'm coming to tear her insides out~ Morena growled, two horns emerging from her head.

"AW! You'll snap it. Calm down!" Cain smacked her butt.

Alice laughed, ~Yeah, Morena. Don't damage it. It's our property~

Morena relaxed, looking back at Cain, "Sorry for that," She smiled.

"Don't worry," Cain smiled, releasing tens of tentacles from his back, "I still have hundreds of them."

Morena closed her eyes momentarily, opening them with a bright yellow flash. CRACK! Small black scales covered her shoulder and thighs, "Let's go!"

Cain flicked his finger. A blast of warm air dried them, and with another flick, they wore their cloth.

"Inanna, what is the situation there? Hurry," Cain summoned his sword, staring at it.

The blade engulfed in flames, and a vaguely female shake of pure crimson inferno emerged. "Glasya didn't use destructive force, but she brought her entire army."

"How is that an urgent problem?"

"Glasya seduced everyone in the layer and turned them into thralls, that include Fierna and Belial." Inanna looked Cain in the eyes, "She is a goddess. Only those with similar status can resist her power. I managed to keep away from her because she only saw me as a natural power of the layer."

Cain nodded, "Release all of your power and seal it in my sword for the time being. That will protect you from her seduction."

"What will you do?" Inanna asked with a worried face.

Morena growled, "I will melt her bones, nothing less for those who interrupt me." With those words, necrotic magic started flowing from Morena, death flashing from her eyes in an oozing black smoke.

Inanna looked at her, "The temporary ruler of the first layer, and now you're merged with Cain, the divine being. Do you think you can take her on?"

Morena only smiled, her aura enough to make Cain flinch, and undead dracolich was about to lose it.

Cain turned the blade into a staff and swung it. With one move, he opened a fiery portal to the fourth layer of hell.

"As you ordered, all of my power, the hell fire Inanna. I will hide inside your blade." Inanna disappeared, compressing her whole existence into Cain's blade."

***

In hell, Glasya sat on Fierna's throne, watching the burning hell of Phlegethos, putting one leg on the other, her leathery tail wiggled, "What a gorgeous scenery. It makes Malbolge look like a rotting dump." She smiled.

FLASH! In an instant, Phlegethos's hell fire disappeared. The immortal flames that burned the sinner for an infinity have vanished.

Glasya stood surprised, "What happened?" She screamed, sensing the necrotic pressure building in the distance.

CRACK! The sky shattered, breaking into a firey crack. BOM! And from it, A titanic skeletal dragon with glowing, burning yellow eyes flew with a sky-shattering roar.

"Glasya! You BITCH!" Morena roared, shaking the whole Phlegethos, "I'm coming to tear you apart!"

Terror crippled all of the lesser devils. Just sensing Morena's aura was enough to make them give up. She could give them a fate worse than death, the Undeath.

Glasya looked carefully, spotting a mage riding on Morena's back, "I see you! Cain Lisworth!" She smiled, flapping her wings and rushing to the sky with an army of incubi and succubi behind her, "All I need is to give you to him, and father shall be free!" She smiled, lifting her palm, [Devil Magic: The red gaze]F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Cain felt a slight headache, but his body resisted the spell. "Take this!" He swings his sword down, "Spirit of Phlegethos!" He screamed, unleashing the full power in his sword.

A massive blast of fire fell, and Morena didn't wait and unleashed her Breath at Glasya.

Glasya smiled, swinging her fist up. BAM! She punched right through the attacks, flying directly to Cain's face. "Do you think this will stop me?" THWACK! She smacked him in the face with a thundering punch.

Cain's body got flung from Morena's back, crashing to the ground.

THUD! In an instant, a skeletal hand grabbed Glasya by the neck. CRACK!

"You are?" Glasya growled, staring at the skeleton in front of her. "Are you that dracolich?" She couldn't see the dragon cain was riding anywhere.

Morena lifted her bone fist. CRACK! She punched Glasya in the face over and over.

CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK!

"STOP! IT!" Glasya swings her tail at Morena's torso, shattering her bones in one hit. That only left her neck and arms attached to her collarbone.

But instead of stopping, Morena's arm swung again.

CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK!

BAM! With the last punch, Morena sent Glasya flying down.

ROAR! Morena's body reformed, diving directly after Glasya with a raging bloodlust.

The army tried to catch Glasya, but Cain flew up, killing them. "Glasya," He shouted, lifting his sword, [Thunder Flash]

Engulfed in a lightning bolt, he flew at her with a single swing.

CRACK! Glasya kicked the blade at the side, shattering it. Thud! She grabbed him by the shoulders and opened her mouth. Her long tongue extended like a serpent, "Even as a god, you can't resist my power!" She tried to bite his neck.

BAM! Morena rushed in, Kicking Glasya's back and taking her down to the ground. "I'm your enemy here!"

As the dust reached the sky, Glasya flapped her wings and flew away, "What is that thing?" she glared back to see a whole dracolich emerge from the dust, roaring, "Glasya, come back here!" Morena's roar reached the other side of the layer.

Glasya flammed her wings and turned mid-air, "Fine, I will deal with you first," She growled [Devil Magic: Hell blast]

A massive ball of purple flames emerged from her hand, scorching the unburnable ground of Phlegethos. KA-BOOM! With an explosion, the inferno rushed toward Morena.

Morena's eyes flashed, her boney wings engulfed in a black necrotic flame. "Arise, you who just died!" With her words, all the cubus that Cain killed turned undead, flying between her and Glasya and forming a meat wall.

As the flames burned their flesh, they turned into skeletons.

From the back, Morena roared, charging a massive breath mixed with Acid and necrotic magic.

Glasya tried to escape, but a tentacle tied her in place. With a single swing, she tore it apart.

Thud! Cain landed beside her, "An aura that seduces and mind controls men. And weakens those who resisted it." He glared at her, "Nasty as expected from the succubi goddess,"

BAM! Cain punched her in the face. Glasya countered with a claw swing, but he dodged and grabbed her by the horns.

CRACK! Cain smacked his knee on her face, sending her rolling in the air.

Before her body could fly any further, Cain grabbed her by the tail and smacked her on the ground, stomping her face.

SLASH! With a sign from her claw, she severed his foot and attempted to fly away.

From his wound, a tentacle emerged, forming a fist and smacking her back to the ground.

BAM! Morena's breath washed them both.

ROAR! Morena roared, forcing half of the cubus to retreat, "It's a monster!" One of them cried.