Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chad and the dragon king glared at each other, and the ground started to shake. Rays of light flashed from behind Chad and down toward the king.

BAM! Chad leaped into the sky, crashing before the dragon king, standing still.

Thud! As Chad stepped forward, the king smiled, "You dare to approach me?"

Evelyn emerged from behind Chad. "Big words from someone who just got punched out of his house."

Ariel followed her, "This fight might not be as hard as we expected."

"I don't want to destroy my lab. Fighting all out inside the lair is inconvenient." The king replied, lifting his hand and creating a white fireball. "You're the first one who got me out in decades. As a gift from me, I will turn you into a piece of art."

Chad approached him, glowing with divine light.

SWOSH! Chad swung his fist. The divine magic crackled, generating a storm of holy light enough to blade half of the village away.

BAM! The dragon king caught it with ease. Smiling as the white flame in his palm crackled, He growled. "Is this all you got?"

CLENCH! When the king tightened his grasp, Chad swung his sword as fast as he could, causing a bright flash.

The flame in the king's palm exploded. It charred Chad's chest and sent Ariel into a panic. "Chad!" she screamed, rushing to heal him, but Evelyn stopped her.

"Don't panic, look, he is still standing," Evelyn smiled as Chad's chest regenerated, "Is this all you got?" He glared at the king.

SLAP! With a single swing from his palm, Chad slapped the king to the ground, shattering it. As the massive shockwave expanded, it boomed across the sky, alerting everyone in several mile radios.

The king's body bounced back from the ground. Thwack! Chad kicked him in the guts.

CRACK! The king caught Chad's leg, smiling. "You're strong for a human. But it isn't enough," He pulled Chad in and smacked him on the ground, opening his jaw and unleashing a massive Lightning breath.

Evelyn used her wings to protect herself and Ariel. The village got blasted into ash, and most citizens died. Aster hid behind Evelyn at the last moment, escaping with minor burns.

BAM! Chad looked unscathed, smacking the ground with his palm and standing. With a graceful move, he grabbed the king's neck and punched him in the face.

BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM!

As Chad unloaded the barrage, the king opened his jaw, biting his fist off.

Chad looked at his fist for a moment, making the king with it before it could regenerate.

The king waved around, pulling his neck from Chad's grasp and countering with a claw strike.

Chad's hands moved like a snake, deflecting the king's claw and glowing with divine light. [Divine smite] Pulling his muscles back, compressing them together strength, and then unloading everything like a spring. He punched the king's in the neck, following it with a swift kick to the ear.

The king's body blasted back, his ear ringing like hell. Chad leaped behind him.

BAM! BAM! BAM! SLASH! SLASH! SLASH! Three fist marks and three slashes appeared on the king's chest before he could even feel it.

"Die!" Chad appeared before him with his blade, his eyes glowing like a heavenly flame.

Chad pulled his fist back, exploding like lightning as his sword roared. A sword slash followed each fist, a barrage the king couldn't see coming.

BAM! SLASH! BAM! SLASH! BAM! SLASH! BAM! SLASH! BAM! SLASH! BAM! SLASH! BAM! SLASH! BAM! SLASH! BAM! SLASH! BAM! SLASH! BAM! SLASH! BAM! SLASH! BAM! SLASH! BAM! SLASH! BAM! SLASH! BAM! SLASH! BAM! SLASH! BAM! SLASH! BAM! SLASH! BAM! SLASH! BAM! SLASH! BAM! SLASH! BAM! SLASH! BAM! SLASH! BAM! SLASH! BAM! SLASH!

"Do you think I will fall easily?" The king leaped back, creating a magical barrier between him and Chad.

BAM! Chad punched the barrier, and hundreds of fists fell on it in the blink of an eye.

As Aster watched, she could swear the air around Chad shattered. She could see his image twisting, and so did the barrier. "He's punching it away," Evelyn said.

"The barrier?" Aster asked, hiding behind Ariel's white wings.

"No, the mana itself."

CRACK! The barrier cracked, exploding in multicolored light.

THWACK! Chad appeared before the king, swinging a fist unlike anything else. Only doom flashed behind it.

The king pulled his fist back, exploding with flame and lightning, "Take this!" He countered with his punch.

As the two fists clashed, the blast was strong enough that even Evelyn couldn't hold her ground.

As the violent wing blasted the two angels away, they could see the village shatter, fly to the sky, and get obliterated. The surviving dragons transformed and ran away as fast as they could.

"What fuck was that!" A dragon screamed in fear, flapping his wings as hard as he could.

Chad and the king flashed away, digging a trench across the forest and setting it ablaze.

"Those two are insane," Ariel cried, and Evelyn looked at her, "Chad is strong. But I can't help but feel the king is still hiding something."

Chad grabbed the king by the leg, swinging his sword down. CLANG! The king deflected the blade with his knee and opened his jaw.

A massive breath of fire, lightning, acid, poison, and cold exploded from his throat in a sky-rumbling roar. Chad stood there, cutting his way into the chaos with his sword. The clouds got blasted, revealing the sunny blue sky.

As the king closed his smoking mouth, he watched Chad slowly float to the ground with both arms missing. Without a sword.

"Did your weapon get sent away?" The king smiled, "Humans will never reach the dragons might,"

Chad looked around calmly. CRACK! His arms regrew immediately, glaring at the king, "Are you sure?"

The image of Chad flashed in the king's head, 'Brother, Adam. Could I be as strong as you one day?'

The king held his head, 'What are those?' His draconic blood boiled at the sight of Chad.

'Maybe, if you work hard enough.' The voice rang again, causing his knees to shake, 'Do your best, Asgorath.'

'I will make sure to grow strong, big brother.'

the king leaped back, 'It's my blood, memories of the past? Those aren't mine,'

BAM! Chad rushed ahead, punching the king in the face and sending him rolling like a ragdoll. "What a waste. Asgorath is crying in his grave at how weak his descendants are." Chad said with a passive face, grabbing the king by the neck and dragging him to the ground.

"Get away from me!" The king growled, breathing directly at Chad's chest, basting a hole.

As Chad's body rolled away, his beating heart exposed, the king transformed into his draconic form. A titanic multicolored dragon with ten wings and five tails, his eyes had five pupils. His massive body appeared like a cloud roaring in the sky as Chad's body flashed.

"He's doing it," Evelyn smiled. A golden light fell from the sky like a lightning bolt, exploding with enough divine magic to make even Ariel sick.

Chad stood a hundred feet in height. His eyes flashed green as the divine magic around his body burned red.

The surviving dragons cried in fear, "A titan! Run!" They didn't waste any time looking around and flew away.

"Is that Cronus, the king of titans?" Aster gasped, grabbing tightly onto Ariel's wings.

"No, that is Adam, the first human in his true form. Cronus is imprisoned behind time and won't be coming any time soon." She replied with a smile, "I see you still understand your history,"

"We dragons and titans have fought for supremacy in the old ages. The first dragon god, Asgorath, banished the Titans." Aster replied, but Evelyn shook her head.

"Asgorath lost to Cronus, his wounds from that battle were his doom," Evelyn said with a passive face.

"Then how did the titans back away?" Aster asked with a worried face.

"When he got beaten, Asgorath asked his big brother for help. Adam wiped the ground with the titans single-handedly." Evelyn smiled, "This king has no chance against Chad,"

Chad rushed ahead, and the king opened his jaw for another breath, "Die!"

Chad swung his fist up, deflecting the multi-elemental breath. Approaching the king, he slipped beneath his wings and grabbed him by the tail.

Clench, Using his whole back, Chad started swinging the king's around from his tail. BAM! THWACK! CRACK! He smacked him around like a doll. It didn't matter how much the king struggled. Chad always punched him back to the ground.Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

"Let go of me!" The king growled, flapping his wings as hard as possible, flying to the sky and dropping Chad.

Chad looked up, opening his palm and his sword flew toward him immediately.

"This is your end, dragon king!" Chad's sword grew in size, matching him.