Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

The dragon king twisted his body, roaring as Chad swung him around. Opening his jaw, he breathed directly at the ground, causing a massive explosion.

Ariel, Evelyn, and Aster watched as the flame rose to the sky, sending earthquakes for miles.

***

On the other side of the world, Cain rests inside one of the cocoons in the demon web. His body floated, and his staff circled him.

Sparks of bright blue light flashed from his body, sending a gentle pulse of vibration across the air.

BVROM! BAVROM!

The mana inside his body moved left and right as he tried to convert his spells into magic, walking the same path as his master. CRACKLE! A flash of lightning exploded from his staff, and his eyes opened.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"The first one is done."

Lifting his palm, a ball of lightning emerged from it with a flash. Cain closed his eyes and imagined it taking the shape of a cube, and the spell slowly followed his instruction.

"Yochlol!" With his words, one of the angels who once served Lolth appeared bowing before him. "What are you order, Lord Cain."

"Nothing major I just wanted you to touch this. Please tell me if you can feel it." He said, moving the lightning cube toward her.

The angel looked at him, confused, her face twisted for a moment before she hesitantly extended her hand toward the cube.

CRACK! Upon touching the cube, she felt a weak sting on her fingers, far lower than she expected.

"It stings, that's all," The Yochlol replied with a worried face, stealing glances at Cain, trying to determine his mood. But he didn't show any notable emotions.

Cain nodded. "Thank you. The magic still needs work." He smiled as the cube disappeared.

The angel looked around, and her worry increased, "Is there anything else you need, my lord?"

"Go to the succubi castle and tell Gracie to send me a report about the troops and how the preparations are progressing," Cain said, opening his blue eyes and looking toward the angel with a faint smile.

The angel bowed and then disappeared, "The spell shouldn't deal damage. I still need to tune the magic more." Cain mumbled, closing his eyes and starting the practice.

***

The angel appeared on the castle ground, seeing the succubi rush around in a hustle. This place looked busier than a bee colony.

Immediately after her appearance, Gracie leaped from the shadows and glared at the angel.

"Did Cain send you?" Gracie said in a cold voice, her face relaying no emotions.

The angel leaped away as Gracie scared her, appearing out of nowhere, especially since she was her god's wife, which wasn't good for her heart. "Lady Gracie. Sorry for the interruption, but I have a message from his lordship." The angel bowed.

Gracie approached her, "What did Cain say?"

"His lordship as you to write him a report about the troops and the preparation." The angel said with a second bow.

"You can leave now. I will get it done." Gracie replied, and the angel disappeared.

Without even moving, Gracie fell into her shadow, appearing again on her throne, glaring down at Melissa and the shadow devil bowing to her. "Melissa, check on the troops and bring me a detailed report."

Hearing those words, Melisa smiled, "As you say, my queen!" With a strong voice, she rushed out to carry the order.

Gracie looked at the shadow devil, "You go check on Gray at the Orc cocoon. Ask him to send me a detailed report as well. The reason is that we need to coordinate our attacks."

The shadow devil smiled, "As you say, my queen." She immediately disappeared into the shadow, leaving Gracie alone.

"I better check the dungeon progress." She stood.

In the blink of an eye, she disappeared into the shadows, appearing again outside. Before her eyes, the succubi are building a massive dungeon using Cain's plans.

Gracie walked toward the building manager, A tanned, half-naked blond succubus with a sharp, ear-piercing voice.

"AYO! Where are you taking those? Bring there back here and start working on the left section." She shouted.

"Yes, ma'am!" The succubi shouted back, but she glared at them, "I'm not your mother. Show me results and not words!"

"Lisa, how is the construction?" Gracie asked, scaring her to the bones.

"GYA!" Lisa leaped away, flapping her wings. "Who's there?" she shouted and realized it was Gracie.

Upon that, she crashed down on her face, "Please forgive me. I didn't mean to raise my voice at you and..."

Before she could finish, Gracie lifted her from the wings and glared into her eyes, "I don't care. How is the building doing?"

Lisa's expression changed from a frown to a smile, "Splendidly, we even have a room finished. Do you want to try it?" Saying that Lisa started dripping from her thighs, her face flushed red. "To think such a thing was possible."

"Show me," Gracie replied, and Lisa guided her toward the room. On their way, each succubus they passed across bowed immediately. The succubi who didn't bow got an earful. They only survived since Gracie dragged Lisa away.

"Here it is!" Lisa said, waving her arms around and showing the massive steel door, "Behind this lay the first tentacle room. I went there once, and I can't wait to return."

Gracie opened the door to see a room full of florescent tentacles of all shapes dripping in transparent goo. "It looks amazing. Did you get any soldiers to try it?"

Lisa smiled, "Yes, I got ten soldiers to try it, and the results were impressive." She almost jumped, "We didn't know how much starvation had affected our fighting power till that day." She said with sparkling eyes.

"What effects are you talking about?" Gracie asked, trying to assess how strong the soldiers got.

"They became more energetic, and their charm and seduction power increased, and their magic." Lisa stared at the room. "This place has multiple settings depending on time and intensity." She pointed to a weird sticky tentacle just behind the door.

"We can choose time by hours. A minimum of one and a maximum of twenty-four." She showed the first part, "And we can change the intensity from weak, gentle, medium, hard, rough, and torture. I like the rough, but the hard mode was the most popular," She pointed at the other control tentacle.

"How much time did it take one soldier?" Gracie asked.

"It took about two hours." Lisa replied, "The dungeon will have around two hundred rooms, each fitting ten people. We can serve twenty-four hundred people in one day, and that in the capital alone."

Hearing those words, Gracie stared at Lisa, "That isn't enough. The capital has over three hundred thousand succubi living inside the walls. That number will rise to four hundred thousand if we count the nearby villages."

Lisa giggled, "Did you read the reports?" She smiled, "I meant this is enough for the soldiers."

Gracie glared at her, "I don't care what the report says. What was Cain's order?" She grabbed Lisa by the neck.

"His lordship wished for the dungeon to be available to everyone," Lisa said, choking.

Gracie released her, "Make the rooms bigger and get me at least ten thousand rooms."

As Lisa gasped for air, "We don't have the space or resources for such a massive project. Building it will also take a long time,"

"Then say that before the project starts." Gracie glared at her, "I will ask Cain for help in the matter," She then turned to leave, Lisa walking behind her.

Thud! Gracie stopped, looking toward Lisa, "You stay here for twenty-four hours for not reporting earlier. Chose the intensity wisely," Following the instruction she got from the previous queen, Gracie walked out and stared at Lisa.

Lisa smiled, bowing deeply, "Thank you for your attention," She chose twenty-four hours, the intensity of torture, and locked herself inside.

Gracie teleported back to the throne and walked to her office to mark Lisa's words. The project is lacking in resources and succubi power.

Knock! Knock! As she was writing, a maid knocked on the door, opening it. "Your majesty, you have a guest." The maid said with a deep bow.

"Who is it?" Gracie asked.

"An angel of Umberlee. Said she bear news from the abyss." The maid replied with a smile.

"Did she look trustful?" Gracie asked.

"It seemed that way. Our team didn't get any suspicions from her." the maid replied, looking toward the door.

Gracie walked behind the maid toward the throne room, "Please wait here, your majesty." The maid said with a deep bow.

Gracie approached her throne, sitting on it and putting one leg on the other. After a few minutes, the throne room's massive door opened, and the angel walked inside, escorted by the maid.

The guards on the walls got ready, keeping their eyes open for anything.

When the angel approached Gracie, she bowed, "You majesty, Gracie of the Lisworth. Our goddess Umberlee asks for your assistance," She bowed deeper.

"Dagon, lord of the deep, is attacking our domain."