Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

As the flame reached the sky, The dragon king morphed back into his humanoid form, glaring down at his kingdom. "At this rate, we will burn everything." He growled, seeing the vast destruction.

VROOOM! Chad fell from the sky in a flash. KA-BOM! He kicked the king's head, sending him to the ground.

CRACK! The king landed on his feet, opening his palm, [Fire]+[Cold]=[Great draconic magic: Cumulonimbus]

The sky turned black with clouds storming about, [Poison]+[Acid]+[Lightning]= [Great draconic magic: Death Storm]

CRACKLE! Lightning crackled in the black clouds as it started to rain Poison and Acid.

"I will end you with one big hit," The king growled, staring at Chad.

[Great draconic magic: Cumulonimbus]+[Great draconic magic: Death Storm]= [Pandora's Great incantation: Incarnation of Chaos]

A tornado howled across the land, unleashing Fire, lighting, and hail of frozen Acid and Poison.

Chad whistled, summoning his spectral stead and coat, "Forward!" He shouted.

The golden horse charged forward into the storm, glowing like a magnificent star, leaving a holy trail as it leaped across the sky.

ROAR! The king roared, floating in the heart of the tornado. [Glacier]

Grom the black clouds, mountains of Ice fell toward Chad.

Chad lifted his sword, [Heven smite] Swinging his sword down, a crescent divine slash rushed forward, cutting a hole in the Glacier for Chad to use.

As Chad exited from the other side, he saw a magnificent blue light falling toward him.

"CHAD!" Evelyn flew like a flash, catching the Lightning with her bare hands. "Do you think this is enough?" With a single pull, she dragged the Lightning like a massive whip.

Right after it, they saw a massive wave of Acid and Poison falling from the sky.

Ariel rushed in, swinging her sword, [Cleanse] A flash of holy light blocked the waves, erasing most of them. "It's not enough?" Ariel gasped.

[Cleanse] Evelyn supported her with a similar spell, "We work together, remember!" She shouted.

Chad rushed forward, letting the two protect him on his way to the king. ROAR! Two meteors fell from the sky, and the king wasn't playing around.

The tornado howled, pulling debris from the ground and throwing it toward Chad.

"This horse is comfortable," Chad heard a familiar voice behind him. Looking back, it was Lilia riding behind him. "What are you doing here?"

"Nothing. I heard my father-in-law was fighting, so I came to help." He smiled, pointing her staff toward the tornado.

Everything stopped, frozen in place. Meteors, debris, flame, and dust, nothing moved as if time itself stopped. "What did you do?" Chad stared at her.

Crossing her eyebrows, Lilia frowned, "He isn't here. The bastard ran away," She swung her staff and cleared everything. The king wasn't there.

Chad stared around, "I didn't feel him escape."

"Most dragons are good at camouflage. That bastard is the best at it. He used this overly big magic as a smokescreen and escaped." Lilia explained, staring down at the devastated land. Half of the dragons have already escaped, leaving just a few numbers hiding underground.

Chad and Lilia landed on the ground, where she touched the charred, acid-eaten stones. [A blessing to this wonderful world]

A ray of light burst from her fingers, seeping into the ground and causing an expanding circle of grass.

"That's an amazing spell." Chad looked at the land slowly getting fixed.

"It's magic, not a spell. Seeds are a pain to destroy. I used magic to gather and rapidly grew them with water and light. I then accelerated their growth with time magic to get more seeds and repeated until I can rebuild the whole place." As Lilia explained what she did and looked at the scale, Chad quickly understood that she was far beyond the norms.

Evelyn, Ariel, and Aster landed behind them. "Is it over?" Aster asked.

Lilia glared back at her, "The king escaped. It's not over yet." She sighed, "I arrived late. It's my fault."

Chad shook his head, "No, I wasn't strong enough to kill him quickly."

"He will show eventually. For now, the dragons' attacks on the capital will stop."

Hundreds of dragons blotted the sky. One of them landed before Chad in his draconic form.

Evelyn prepared her sword, ready to strike the dragon.

"I will carry you back home." The dragon said, lowering his neck to Chad.

Chad silently turned around, ignoring the dragon.

Lilia waved her staff, teleporting them back.

The dragons stared at each other. Chad came out of nowhere, beat their king, toppled the kingdom, took one of their maids, and left without elaborating further.

****

In a flash, Lilia, Chad, Evelyn, Ariel, and Aster appeared above the Elvish kingdom.

ROAR! Aster transformed into her draconic form and caught them on her back, slowly flying them to the ground.

As They landed, the elves surrounded them, staring at the massive dragon.

"He came!" They started cheering and shouting.

"What is happening here?" Chad asked Lilia.

"I used scrying magic to allow them to watch your fight with the king. I also informed them that I'm marrying your son, Cain, and they are about to throw a whole party."

Evelyn looked at her, "This is a bit much."

"They were skeptical at first, thinking Cain married me just for my power. Now that they have seen how Chad fights, they expect more of Cain." Lilia explained, "Their strongest mage is marrying, wait till they know about Sylph. She giggled."

Chad walked toward the crowd, and Aster transformed into her humanoid form. Evelyn smiled, "They won't worry about the dragons for the time being."

******

In the abyss, a new war is about to start. The rumbling of the deep slowly shook Umberlee's domain as the ancient sea serpent leviathan rallied his troops.

Dagon, Lord of the deep, is facing the queen of the sea, Umberlee. A fight for dominance over the bottomless ocean.

"Dagon, you dare swim to my domain?" A rumbling voice roared through the black water, sending waves of magic.Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Dagon smiled, coiling his body like a snake as his eyes looked directly toward the mermaids standing guards in front of the domain. His sharp, opal teeth gleamed.

[Lightning snap] Like an electric eel, his body released an electric pulse across the salt water. The mermaids growled in pain as their muscles spazzed. They felt numb as their bodies drifted.

The horrid monster following Dagon rushed fromward, maws and teeth, long tentacles, and horrid waves of demonic piranha.

As they charged forward, they stopped at the sight of a horrid creature lurking beneath Umberlee's domain. The injured mermaids quickly swam into the creature's mouth without fear.

"Umberlee, did you get a new guardian?" Dagon growled, "I will take care of him myself," The massive serpent charged forward.

"Hehe!" Umberlee giggled, "A new guardian? Try your luck,"

At that moment, a massive tentacle grabbed Dagon, squizzing his body tightly.

The creature expanded, swallowing Umberlee's whole domain as his tentacles spread forward, entangling all of the troops.

"Who are you?" Dagon growled as he saw the creature swim toward the light. A massive mass of sticky green tentacles, strange physiology, and almost an endless presence.

"Dagon, care to serve me?" the creature growled, his tentacles holding the entire invading force.

"Me? Serve Umberlee's dog?" He growled, unleashing a lightning wave. It had no effect.

"Aren't you taking it backward? Look at my eyes." The creature growled, pulling Dagon toward his mouth.

Dagon finally felt it, "Divine magic? Are you a god as well?" He started panicking, "Wait, this is far more dense than Umberlee. Who are you? Stop!" He growled as Cain bit his head off.

Umberlee's voice rang from the water, "The ocean doesn't belong to you, and neither does it belong to me. All hair the unknown king of the sea, Cthulhu."

Thud! Cain landed inside Umberlee's throne room, seeing her bowing with her head on the ground, "Thanks for you saving us."

"The losses would have been great," Cain replied, "Call me if something like this happened again,"

Cain opened his massive chimera mouth and spat the mermaids hiding inside his stomach. Hundreds of them sprouted forward, barely able to stand.

Cain approached them, "Are you all right?"

One of the mermaids struggled to stand, holding her mouth closed, "It was a rough ride. I vomited twice."

"I didn't need to hear that," Cain turned away, "Rest for now." He said with a smile, looking back at them.

"I didn't expect you to run to my mouth like that," Cain said.

Another mermaid stared at him. She held better than the rest, "We prefer to be eaten by your majesty than being torn apart by those monsters."

Cain smiled, signaling for umberlee to stand, "Nice job around here. I will link this domain to a cocoon and use it as a base of operation,"

"Changing bases will take a lot of divine power. I can finish it in a month." Umberlee replied.

Cain looked at her with a smile, "You can always use my divine power. Move the base as quickly as you can. We need to unite our powers."