Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

After being sure that Umberlee's domain was safe, Cain teleported back to his cocoon to keep training. The magic Lilia used wasn't easy to master.

Thud! Cain landed on a large stone in the desolate rocky wasteland. He opened his palm and pointed his staff at the sky, creating a bright light source.

"The spells work differently, aren't they?" Morena appeared from his back, smiling as she glared up.

"When you heat the air, it starts emitting light. The same concept with flames, but now I'm adding an intermediate object in the middle to work as a conductor." Cain explained, swinging his staff around and creating multiple light sources.

After illuminating the whole place, Cain floated with his staff orbiting him, "If I wanted to create a new system, as Lilia said, I need to have a basic understanding of magic the same way she does. Otherwise, I might lose control of the whole thing," Cain replied with a smile, looking toward Morena as she hovered beside him.

"But it's worth the risk," She said, opening her hands, "I will train with you, but I will be testing my necromancy."

Cain nodded, "Fine, you create targets, and I will blast them with magic." Morena swung her hand, and an army of zombies rose from the ground, "All sinners from hell, don't worry and blast as you like."

Cain pointed his staff at them and closed his eyes, [Lisworth's exploding sphere]

A crystal sphere emerged from the tip of his staff and flew toward the zombies. Upon contact, the spell expanded, trapping tens of undead inside before a fiery explosion burned them.Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

"This spell prevents them from escaping and deals massive amounts of damage." Cain said smiling, "But I won't call it a spell. It's created purely by me compressing the magic into a small spot and then burning it."

"As long as it kills people and isn't that hard or costly to cast, I say it's good in my book." Morena smiled.

*****

Back in the elvish capital, Chad walked into the royal castle where Sylph had prepared a whole quarter for him, "Sir Chad, please follow us," three of the royal maids said with a gentle bow, leading him across the gold engraved hallways.

"This place is stuffy. Did you have to make it so yellow?" He asked, looking around.

Chad looked around at the golden furniture, the gold engraving on the walls and the ceiling, the bright golden glowing lanterns, and even the carpet had some in it.

"Sylph is a bit...spends too much?" Chad giggled, looking toward the maids.

One of the maids looked back at him, shaking her head. "It wasn't her majesty who decorated the place. Her father, king Balsmious, decorated the place."

Another maid looked back with a wry smile, "He liked gold and the fallen ash wood from the world tree. In his eyes, the royal palace had to be the most magnificent, exquisite, and good-looking place in the world, no matter the cost."

Chad shook his head, "In my opinion, he made the place look gross. There something nice about not going too far, you know?"

The third maid turned her head rapidly, "I know! Right!" she said with an energetic voice, "Cleaning the place was a pain. I can't believe were did for over a hundred years and stayed alive."

Evelyn looked around and then at Ariel, "This place reminds me of the heavens, but that place is more white than gold." She stated, and Chad cringed.

"Everything? All white?"

Ariel nodded, "Yeah, from the ground to the sky, the furniture, and the rest. Everything is a shade of white to the bright gray."

"That sound like torture. How could you stay sane in such a place?" He looked around, "I would much prefer a greener look, natural." The maids looked worried.

Evelyn looked at him with a smile, "You don't have to worry. Heaven gets personalized for each person, so after death, you get to rest in the best place to live in your eyes."

"So let's say I like to fight demons. Would my heaven look like hell?" Chad asked.

"Of course, and it will morph to your desire. People in the highest ranks of heaven can even create life in their heaven." Evelyn smiled, "Of course, by borrowing the power of their god."

Ariel looked at her. "Tell him about Sait al mirio."

Evelyn looked toward Chad, "The man was one of Chauntea's popes a thousand years ago. He was a devoted follower but found it hard to keep his sexual desires in check." She then looked at Chad, "He now has over a thousand women serving him in heaven,"

The maids looked at each other and then looked toward the wall at a painting depicting Corellon aiming with his bow. "Anything?" One of them said.

Evelyn stared at her and then at the painting, "You want to meet Corellon? That depends on your devotion, but usually, gods don't refuse to meet their followers in heaves, even if they passed with a hair strand."

"Did you meet him by any chance?" One of the maids stared at Evelyn, "I saw him once in a meeting between him, Chauntea, and Moradin. Out of all the gods, he's the most fun to listen to, especially when he decides to start playing his harp."

Chad glared at her, "You're awfully knowledgeable."

"I was Chauntea's right hand in many cases, so I was present in a lot of meetings." Evelyn smiled, "Chauntea is like a loving mother, Moradin is a worried father, and Corellon is a free spirit."

"We reach it," The maids stopped, opening the door to Chad's room. "You have a meeting with her majesty and the leading council tomorrow. Make sure to attend."

Chad stared at them, "I will try to attend."

"But please remember, her majesty Sylph is really busy. She won't refuse to meet you, but that would be straining her schedule." One of the maids said, and Ariel looked at her, "Can you say?"

"We are the ones working on her schedule, and it's a nightmare. It should get better now that we don't have to deal with the dragons, but still, please be considerate." The maid explained.

Chad walked toward his bed and relaxed, closing his eyes for a moment, "Where did that bastard escape to?" He mumbled, trying to guess.

*****

CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! Inside the maze. With Zaleria's blazing flames, Bahamut grabbed his hammer, smacking down on platinum. "Give it more heat!" He said, and Zaleria increased her output, turning the flames bright white."

Sofia walked from the side, covering her face with her arm, "This blase is hot, even for me." She growled,

"This will be the best blade ever made. Only Moradin can make weapons better than me, and that man won't work for free." Bahamut swung his hammer down, "What kind of swords does Cain like? Do you have any idea?"

"You ask now? You already started making it." Sofia growled, creating a barrier of cold magic to protect herself.

"I have the shaft hammered, but I still haven't decided on a shape," he replied.

Thud! Kayden walked in, sweat dripping from his forehead, "Make him one of those," He threw his old Katana toward Bahamut.

Bahamut lifted his hand and caught the blade, "The eastern sword, are you sure?"

"Both me and Cain like the long sword, but I started to like this blade more. He might like it as well." Kayden replied, "And Cain would like a staff more than a sword anyway."

Bahamut looked at the Katana. "How about all of them?" He smiled, "A longsword that Can morph into a staff and a Katana. It will take a bit longer, but I can make it."

"If you can make everything, then do it from the start," Zaleria growled, staring at him.

Bahamut laughed, looking down at the forge, "I still have to make you all armor. I wanted to cut some time."

The flame roared as Bahamut dropped his hammer, slowly melding the platinum into shape. Seeing him work, Sofia asked an important question, "Can't you manipulate it like Mary can manipulate steel?"

Bahamut stooped, staring at her, and then smiled, "I'm getting old. Just as human eyesight weakens, my ability to meld platinum is almost non-existent." He then looked at the ceiling, "Compared to my prime, I'm but a blind, paralyzed, dying old man." He sighed, "The old days, they can't return."

Zaleria stared at him, "This is the problem of the dragons. We live for so long that we don't even consider our end." She looked at her hands, "The twilight, the stage we're all destined to get to,"

As she said that, Bahamut stared at her, "I remember my father, Asgorath once saying that the twilight is but a test. Those who fail, die, and those who survive, get even more power."

Zaleria shook her head, "Hopeful wishing, we can't escape our end." She sighed.

"No, we can. I know of a dragon who surpassed his twilight."