Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"How could that be true?" Sofia said, staring at him, "Neither you, Asgorath, or Tiamat could surpass it. Then who did?"

Bahamut smiled, looking toward Zaleria, "She is the face of destruction, the one who killed Tiamat. A mighty red dragon with enough power to face the gods."

"Why are you staring at me?" Zaleria asked with a strange face.

Bahamut smiled, "You're a red dragon. Seeing your face reminds me of her. A humble, caring, and gentle woman she was. Till the threads of fates forced her away from her creed."

"Is she still alive?" Sofia asked.

"She went to the elemental place of fire, where Kussath, the lord of flame, lives," Bahamut said with a grin, hammering the platinum. CLANG! Sparks flew into the air, and each one flared deep red.

"She might be the strongest dragon alive. The one who represents our nature, the powerful, gold-hoarding, country burning, and firebreathing, apex predators." Bahamut swung his hammer, "A tribute to the inferno wyrm,"

***

A vast burned land, the sun blazed as close to the ground as a hundred feet. In the heart of that ball of cosmic infernal heat, a wyrm slept, fueling the star.

The wyrm opened one eye, glaring down at the mortal world upon hearing his presence mentioned by a god.

The sun rumbled, flashing from red to white and blue, sending waves of scorching heat. The elementals roaming around ran away, knowing that the beast was awakening.

BOOM! The sun exploded, erasing life for several miles around in an instant. From the dust, the dragon landed on the ground, shaking it.

Slowly tilting her long neck, she looked to the sky, "How is the world doing?"

***

Cain kept swinging left and right, sending waves of violent thunder across the land, scorching Morena's undead one after the other.

"Cain, if you don't have the power, why don't you concentrate on it?" Morena asked while flying beside him, "I'm already doing that. The magic requires a lot of mana and concentration."

"What did happen to that succubus?" Morena asked.

"She is still inside me. She was surprisingly submissive. People usually resist my mind reading, but she just spat everything." Cain pulled his sword, taking a deep breath. [Lightning acceleration]Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Cain's body flashed across the land, slicing the undead one after the other until he tripped and rolled for several meters. "Lost control. I will try again,"

I can ride an electric arc while holding a metal sword. That's the principle of [Thunder flash], but using it as magic gives the problem that I can eject from the arc.

Cain stopped, closing his eyes and pointing his sword toward the undead. "What if I had more than one arc? Let's say two, no, four to keep me in the middle." Lightning started crackling from shoulders as Morena ran away.

"Like Jack's gun, I will create a path for myself across all the undead. A rail to guide me." Cain sheathed his blade, [Cain's original magic: Rail Gun] BOOM! Cain flashed forward, encased by four rumbling arcs as his body sliced across the undead.

"Since I already have my path traced, I can focus on other things." Multiple small orbs of light illuminated the place. They were hundreds of swords taken from Mammon's vault.

[Cain's original magic: Rail Gun storm] Using the same magic, Cain unleashed the weapons around him like a storm.

CLANG! CLACK! CLANG! CLACK! CLANG! CLACK! CLANG! CLACK! CLANG! CLACK! CLANG! CLACK! CLANG! CLACK! CLANG! CLACK! CLANG! CLACK! CLANG! CLACK! CLANG! CLACK! CLANG! CLACK! CLANG! CLACK! CLANG! CLACK! CLANG! CLACK!

Cain rushed forward with the swords piercing the ground till he smiled, "For the final touch, Spirit of Phlegethos Inanna!" His sword flashed crimson as the entire hell fire landed, "Cain, this is no more just a part of me. My whole existence ties to you." The sword rumbled. "You can call on my full power."

As her voice reached Cain, his body got consumed by the flames, turning his skin into a dried ember, his eyes flashing a crimson light.

Morena had to fly far away to escape the hellscape Cain caused. As if hundreds of flying lightning swords weren't enough, he set the battlefield ablaze as his body merged with Inanna.

As she flew, she felt her body disappearing, "He's calling me in?" She vanished, returning to Cain's body so he could use her full power.

[MILF's Necrotic acid storm] Thousands of acid blades mixed with necrotic magic fell from the sky, fueling the chaos.

"I'm not done yet." Cain smiled, releasing his divine power as holy magic and mixing it with the acid.

"Who needs holy water when you can have holy acid?" Half of the acid blades remained, and the other transformed into [MILF's Holy acid storm]

'Cain, is your mind okay?' Morena asked with a worried voice, 'This much stress can't be good.'

"Don't worry. I still have more energy to spare. Using magic is fun when you get the hang of it," His body flashed. A wave of salt water drowned the plane as he transformed into Cthulhu.

A flaming, lightning-engulfed, titanic acid-drenched monster. With a thousand blades zapping around his body is a storm of holy and necrotic magic.

When Cain finally stopped, the plane had been devastated. "I would say this a good improvement, I'm no master, but I'm getting the hang over my god powers." Cain smiled, looking back into the sky, "Let's head to the mortal world."

***

Inside one of Lolth's churches, the high priest was sleeping, wishing for her goddess's reply. In her dreams, she saw a horrid tentacle monster glaring at her, "This church is mine," He growled.

Upon waking up, she saw Cain sitting beside her bed, "Who are you?" she shouted at the top of her lungs.

Cain smiled, touching her forehead, "She will answer that," Behind his back, Lolth appeared, "He is your new god. Make sure to follow his teaching. This is my last order."

Lolth disappeared as quickly as she appeared. The priestess was aware that she was the real deal.

"No more sacrifices, but I expect a constant stream of prayers instead." Cain smiled, "For now, feel at ease," Cain disappeared.

The priestess stood from her bed, terrified. "What was that?" She rushed out toward the church hall. For her, prayer was the only way she could feel at ease.

CRUSH! She stopped, glaring up in terror and awe. Seeing Lolth's statue hugged by a giant tentacle monster, she couldn't speak.

CLING! Cain appeared, hugging her from the back, "See, I told you." He whispered in her ear, "Trust me, this will be easier than before." He disappeared after patting her shoulder.

The priestess turned around rapidly, unable to determine if Cain is there or not. Is she dreaming?

She sighed, closing her eyes and walking to her bedroom, "This must be a dream. Everything will get back to normal tomorrow." She smiled.

After just a few moments of laying on the bed, she felt something heavy on her stomach, preventing her from breathing.

Opening her eyes, she saw Cain sitting crosslegged on her, "Hey, hey, left without saying a single prayer?" He said, glaring at her eyes, "I won't force you, but I would appreciate it if you did it."

She tried to shout but couldn't, "This is but an apparition sent directly to your mind. I won't be leaving until you pray a bit."

The Cain she was seeing wasn't real. It was an illusion sent directly to her mind through Lolth's link with her. "I won't she," she growled.

Thud! Cain kept poking her head with his leg, pinching her side, and speaking to her, "Go! Go!"

"Who are you, demon? Leave me alone," The priestess growled, closing her eyes and muffling her long ears with the pillow.

"Most of the churches have already converted. You have to obey if you want to avoid me driving you mad." Cain said with a smile, sleeping beside her.

"Leave me alone!" She screamed.

CREEK! Her door opened, "Who's there,"

The door slowly opened, and one of the sisters walked in, crying, "Priestess, there is this white-haired demon haunting me. Please help me," She said, shaking.

When the priestess blinked, she saw a second Cain standing beside the sister.

ZIIT! CLACK! The door closed, and the two Cains smiled.

"I guess one isn't enough," Cain said.

On the priestess's second blink, she saw ten Cains surrounding the sister, one hugging her from the back, one from the front, and the other eight standing around her. And where she looked around herself. Ten Cain was sleeping on her bed, piled around her.

"Come on!" the twenty Cains said at the same time, causing the whole room to rumble.

Terrified and crying, the sister tried to open the door and run away, but she couldn't. "I will let you out if you start praying," Cain said, grabbing her wrist.

"You're but an illusion. You can't affect the world!" The priestess stood, pushing the Cains around her and reaching the door. It was locked tighter than a cage.

Cain hugged her from the back, "I'm a god, and this is my church. Thank Lolth for convincing me not to use my tentacles