Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

"You are a hard-Headed one, aren't you?" Lolth said, glaring at her. Her eyes flashed red as she stared back at the sister behind her. "You shouldn't have been dragged here, but it's too late."

BONK! As she was speaking, Cain turned around and smacked her head. "Too late for what? I'm not going to kill everyone. I'm not you after all." Cain stared at her, and Morena emerged laughing.

"As you can see, it's the end," Morena said, staring at the priestess with a grin. "Lolth is no more, and you have a choice." She stared at her, "Start worshipping Cuthlhu and keep your powers. Or leave for another religion."

At that moment, Cain approached them with his sword in hand and Lolth beside him. "What do you say, Gandmora?"

The priestess stared at him, "You know my name?"

"Gandmora Deterious, daughter of Hatson Deterious and Kamina Joltrin. You joined the church at nine years old after your mother sacrificed your father to Lolth. Fast forward a year later, you sacrificed your mother to reach the priesthood. You like redfish, sour food. Hate the scream of children and get off sacrificing people." Cain started speaking like a machine.

"How do you know all of that?" Gandmora glared at him, taking a few steps back.

Cain smiled, "She knew. Now I have her knowledge." He pointed at Lolth behind him, "You would be surprised how much I know about you and everyone else."

Lolth stared at the sister at the back, "You there, come stand here beside me."

Hearing the words, the sister ran toward Lolth as fast as she could. But Cain extended his hand and stopped her. "Stay where you are," He said and glared back at Lolth.

"What? I'm just trying to help." She cried.VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"Be careful around her. Don't trust her. Not that you can trust me either." Cain told the sister as he sighed, staring back at Gandmora.

"Where were we? Yes, you not listening at all." Cain smiled, "Speak up. What do you want?"

"Release Lolth, you demon. She is our goddess," Gandmora growled at him.

Cain scratched his head, "Technically, Lolth is a spider demon. That's why her domain is called the demon web pit." He then looked at Lolth, "I can't release her, not because I don't want. It's impossible right now."

"What nonsense are you spitting?"

"You talk a lot for someone in tentacle distance. But I will answer your question. She is already dead. That is her consciousness living inside me."

Gandmora took a step forward, swinging her fist at Cain as hard as she could. Thud! The tentacles tied her arms as she growled, "Calm down,"

"Holy smite!" Gandmora yelled, but her magic didn't activate, leaving her staring at her hands. [Holy smite] [Holy smite] [Holy smite] [Holy smite] [Holy smite] [Holy smite] She kept shouting till she couldn't speak anymore.

"Do you realize your holy magic is coming from me now?" Cain approached, looking closely at her face. "From today on, if you want to use holy magic. You have to pray to me first at each spell." Cain released her.

Falling on her face, "Holy smite!" Nothing happened.

Gandmora stared back at Lolth, "In the name of Cthulhu, I ask thee for power [Holy smite]" Her hand flashed golden as Cain smiled, "See, it wasn't that hard."

Gandmora immediately stood swinging her fist at him. Thud! Cain grabbed her bare-handed, "Come on, use more, pray more." His eyes flashed blue as he glared at her soul.

"You damned pig!" She leaped back, glaring at him.

"I'm an octopus, not a pig." Cain smiled, "I can now understand why master doesn't care about an insult. She only sees two types of people, those who are too weak to be worth her time and those she respects." Cain opened his palm, and the tentacles surrounded Gandmora from every direction. She struggled to escape, but that only got them tighter.

"Look at the sister at the back. She is fine, her holy magic is still flowing, and she can even get promoted. All from doing nothing." Cain sighed, "The only meaningful change is that you won't need to sacrifice people."

"I told you to shut up! The words of a demon can never reach me." Gandmora growled.

Cain looked at her, "I'm trying to be nice here. What do you say, Lolth?" When he looked back, Lolth replied with a smile, "I would have killed her the moment she first refused."

"Heard that? Even your god says you should die. Come on. Either join or leave. There is no way for you to restore Lolth." Cain clenched his fist, squeezing harder on her.

Ting! Like a droplet falling in the water, a small bell ringing, Eilistraee walked from behind Cain, her eyes flashing with a silver light.

"Eilistraee!" Gandmora growled with a scared face, "I as well, am a part of him but with more freedom." she pulled her sword.

Cain moved to the side, "I'm the dancing guild of the drow who seek salvation. Go on pilgrimage, child. Till the moon dance began." Eilistraee swings her blade, cutting Gandmora in half.

Thud! Gandmora fell into a dark cave, naked and alone. She only carried a single-edged silver sword and a worn leather coat. Feeling her magic, she lost everything.

Grwa! She heard a growl coming from the distance. Upon closer inspection, it was two giant molerats. "Monsters." Gandmora gasped, grabbing the sword and hiding behind a stone with her knees shaking. "What should I do? I can't fight," she mumbled as the monsters approached her.

The image of Eilistraee swinging her sword at her kept flashing in her head as she gripped the blade. "Damn it, first this Cthulhu pig and now Eilistraee. Why is nothing going well?"

GRWA! One of the moderates leaped at her.

Gandmora closed her eyes, lifting the sword up, and the molerat stabbed itself. Feeling the warm blood drip on her chest, she growled. "HRAAAAAAAA!" She stood, pushing the molerat away, glaring at the second one.

"Damn you all!" she rushed forward, swinging the sword.

***

Cain looked at Eilistraee, "What did you do?"

"Destined her to a better life. Is that a problem?" She replied, smiling.

"Not at all. I might be the overgod of the drow, but I'm letting their guidance to you." He smiled, turning toward the sister.

Eilistraee smiled, "You focus on your goal. I will take care of the rest."

Cain approached the sister, "Now, how about you?" He stared at her, his eyes flashing deep blue as they looked into her soul.

The sister stared at him for a while before pissing herself and passing out. She couldn't withstand his divine presence. Morena looked at her, "She found you impressive."

After a while, when the sister woke up, she found Lolth sitting beside her. "Where am I?"

"You're still in the divine domain of Cthulhu. Relax, as he won't hurt you." Lolth said, and the priestess realized to whom she was speaking.

"You highness, no divinity, nn..."The sister started panicking.

"Calm down!" Cain pointed his finger toward her and cast a spell [Calm], it was a mind control spell, but it helped calm people.

The sister looked around her, "Lady Lolth and Lady Eilistraee. What are the two strongest drow goddesses doing here?" She asked.

Lolth stared at her with a smile, "The bastard defeated me. He now owns all my power."

Eilistraee smiled, "He helped me reach divinity, and now I serve him." She looked toward Cain, "It's the birth of a new pantheon under his mantle."

"Who is he?"

"A mortal, who is struggling against fate," Eilistraee replied as Cain approached them with a smile.

"Now, sister. How are you feeling?" Cain asked, and she nodded, Better.

"Gandmora is no more, so I want you to be the next priestess. What do you say?" Cain smiled, opening his palm, "If you say yes, then you have two choices."

"I would love to get a promotion. And from a god no less." She replied with a puzzled face.

Cain opened his hand, revealing a carrot-sized wiggling tentacle, "Either go alone, and you are responsible for your mistake. Or stick this inside your body, and you can call upon me to help you." He smiled.

"Can't we do that with just spells?" She asked with a puzzled face.

"With this inside you, I can use it as a medium to send more power. Like allowing you to summon an avatar of Lolth." Hearing those words. The sister's eyes sparkled, "Really? I will take it!" She grabbed the worm, "How do I get in it?"

"Just let it crawl up your back end." Cain said with a smile, "Right here?" She asked.

Lolth grabbed her by the hips, "Yes, here, are you embarrassed from being naked in front of your god?"

"That's not it!" The sister cried, "I'm embarrassed from shoving something up my ass in front of him!"

"Then it doesn't matter." Lolth stared at her and at Cain, "Am I wrong?"

"No?" Cain said, looking at Morena.

The sister lifted her robe and took off her panties. Approaching the worm to her back end, she noticed, "It's too big to fit!"