Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Hati dragged Cain to the other side of the plaza. Looking back, she didn't lose anyone. "Why run away?" Alice looked at her with a smile.

"All of you are too fast," She growled.

Cain just stood in his place, looking around at the stone building. Their structure looked astounding. He might be able to ask the earth demons to build a city like this for him inside one of the cocoons. "A cosmic trade center, a city with countless portals linking far away planes of existence." He smiled.

'A multi-dimensional kingdom linked with the maze and controls the new system brain.' the first brain smiled, 'Forget stopping the dragons from killing the gods or stabilizing the world. If we played our cards nicely, we might be able to artificially replace AO.' The second brain started planning.

As Cain was thinking, a massive stone hand sucked him to the ground as Hati kidnapped him.

"KYA!" Mei cried, holding tightly to Cain's neck. Ishtar leaped with Alva into his pocket while he remained emotionless.

"(Hold tightly. We might be able to lose them!)" Skoll said with a red face, suppressing Hati and wanting her own time with Cain.

"Cain belongs to us all," Gracie emerged from the shadows, squeezing herself into the tight space between them.

Skoll got pushed back. She only created enough space for her and Cain. "You are taking too much space. Leave!" Skoll growled, glaring at Gracie.

"Your chest is taking up too much space." Gracie squeezed them as hard as she could before disappearing with Cain.

Skoll growled in pain as Gracie almost crushed her, "You! That hurt!" She cried to find no one with her.

Thud! Gracie appeared on the surface carrying Cain.

"We're out," Mei sighed, "Where is the rest?" Ishtar looked around with a puzzled face. They were in an isolated cave above the city.

Gracie stared at Cain with flashing purple eyes, "Lunch, It's been a while." she licked her lips, and Mei shuddered.

"You too?" Mei flew out, wrapping Cain in her roots, and Ishtar joined her, "Cain, say something." She looked back at him.

Cain was out in his dreamland planning. He got used to having multiple brains working so he could use both his original ones. But now that he released Eilistraee, Morena, and Gray, he can't react while at full load.

CRACK! CRACK! The wall cracked, and a head emerged with flames gushing out. "Gracie, give Cain back." Sofia glared at her.

Gracie looked toward her with a worried face, "You dug all the way here?"

"I can use earth dragon power as well. Remember them?" Sofia said, stepping out of the wall with hints of brown scales on her neck.

"Say, how about we share him?" Gracie suggested.

Sofia stopped for a moment, "Why not,"

As the two approached Cain, burning all of Mei's defenses. They felt two hands grabbing the head.

Looking up, Alice sat on Cain's solid shoulders with a grin on her face. "What is the meaning of this?" She grinned.

"GRWA!" The two cried in pain, rolling on the ground.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Thud! Alice leaped from Cain's shoulder and looked closely at them, "Why didn't you invite me?" She patted their heads, "And why don't you say anything?" She looked back, but Cain disappeared.

The three of them froze, "Where did he go?" They gasped.

"YAHO!" Bela shouted in celebration as she flew with Jella carrying Cain, "We got him!" She smiled.

"Can you stop that, mom?" Jella looked at her with a worried face.

"Don't worry. Will have plenty of fun later." She looked at Cain's face.

"I'm your daughter, you know?" Jella stared at her with a disappointed glare.

"That's why I'm letting you join me. I wouldn't leave you out like them." Bela said with a smile, hugging Cain tightly.

VROOOM! As they flew, Zaleria and Morena appeared at their sides.

The sheer heat coming from Zaleria's body was enough to render Jella, who was an ice devil, sick. On the other hand, Morena grabbed Bela from the back, closing her mouth with one hand and pulling Cain with the other.

"Let go of him." Morena whispered in Bela's ear, sending waves of necrotic magic into her body, causing her to start getting a weird feeling, "I can control undead, remember? Being a lich is a detriment against me."

The two sisters took Cain away, flying as fast as they could. "We got him. How did things turn into a chase like this?" Zaleria asked.

"I don't know. Should we get him back?" Morena asked, looking at Cain's face.

"Why isn't he saying anything?"

"Cain's remaining two brains are at full load. He seems to have forgotten that all of us were out and used all he has." Morena replied.

"Can you fix him?" Zaleria asked while looking around. No one seemed to be chasing them at the moment.

"I can. Cain will be fine when I enter his mind again." Morena replied with a smile. Caressing his face in her hands.

"Then what are you doing? Get him back," Zaleria said, staring at her, "We need him to wake up."

Morena approached her with a smile, "Hold him facing me for a moment." she handed Cain to her. Zaleria grabbed him by the back, lifting him up.

Morena approached Cain's face, kissing him as her body faded directly into his. Cain shook for a moment, "What?" He looked around, seeing Zaleria flying with him in her hands.

"What did happen? Did I zone out?" He asked with a confused face.

Zaleria smiled, slowly landing, "Morena said you used all of your brains."

Cain scratched his head, "Yeah, I did start planning on how to build a city inside a cocoon and then link it to all dimensions with the maze."

He giggled, "It was more complicated since I wanted to use magic instead of spells."

As they landed, Zaleria stared at him, "Did you ask Lilia for advice? She knows more than you in magic."

"I want to, but I don't want to rely on her in everything," Cain replied, closing his eyes to reimagine the magic again.

Looking at him, Zaleria punched his face, "Wake up," She glared into his eyes, "As her for advice, not solving the problem."

Cain stopped for a moment, smiling. Zaleria never changed from his past life, she has always been a good mentor.

~Master, can you hear me?~

~No, I can't. Call me by my name~ Lilia replied immediately.

~Lilia, do you have a moment~

~Not really, I'm looking for the king's location. Your father managed to drive him away~

~As expected from my father, he was an absolute beast~

~More than you think. You might be having a second stepmom soon.~

Cain laughed, ~ That's just my father. But I have a question about magic~

~What is it~

Cain then quickly explained his plan, not going into too many details to not waste Lilia's time.

~Are you serious~ Lilia asked with a happy voice.

~I'm, it would help us immensely~

~I'm talking about how can't you figure this out, I will kick you in the face~

~That's a small price for advice from you~

~Just don't build it with magic. Wait till the brain system is ready, and then use spells linked to it instead. Won't that be easier for you~

Cain froze for a moment, she was right.

~I need someone to redo my nails enchantments, I'm counting on you~