Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Cain sighed, looking down. "I still have a long way to go,"

Zaleria smiled, patting his back, "She gave you good advice, didn't she?"

Cain looked back at her, "She did," he smiled as she looked at his face. "Let's head back,"

CLICK! Flicking his finger, a blue hazy light engulfed them as they zapped back to where they stared. BAM! As they landed, the other girls got pulled in as well.

"Cain!" Alice stared at Cain after being teleported, "I'm fine," He replied, staring at them.

"Master asked me to redo her nails. Do any of you care to join?" He looked at them, "The only requirement to using witch nails is having an innate magic power, and most of you do."

Sofia stared at him crossing her eyebrows, "And don't forget the pain," she looked back at the other girls, "I doubt Isbert could handle it."

"I will give enchantments depending on the person. Those who can tolerate sharper pain can get better enchantments." Cain explained as he looked back at the stalls. Thud! He stepped forward, "Let's finish our tour and buy anything we need first."

Walking across the city, the girls separated into small groups, each searching for what they wanted.

Sofia, Zaleria, and Morena headed together toward the magic street, looking for anything useful. Nemmoxon, Mary, and her father Bahamut headed out looking for jewelry that Cain could enchant for them. Alice, Marina, Isbert, Sara, and Noel headed toward the clothes market, looking for something that would look nice on Cain.

Bela disappeared with Jella while Gracie stuck with Cain and Melissa, and so did the pixies. Hati and Selena headed toward the meat street after smelling something exotic. Eilistraee headed out to meet Mauzzkyl and talk about her fight with Cain.

After walking for a while, Gracie pulled on Cain's shirt, pointing toward a shop in the corner that sells plants. "What is it?" He asked.

"Jemima would like to see that," she looked at him, "All those plants, they are like a certain book she showed me before."

"I see," Cain replied, "Can we get some for her?"

Cain nodded, "How about we get her here instead?" He disappeared for a moment.

Back home, Jemima was tripping the bushes in the garden when she heard something land behind her. "Who is there?" She turned around to see Cain standing on the grass.

"Jemima, I have something to show you." He said with a smile.

"KYA!" Jemima cried, grabbing Cain by the neck and shaking him away like a rag doll, "James! Don't step on him. He still hasn't taken root yet!" She cried, flinging Cain to the side on the marble walkway.

Cain rolled on the ground like a rag doll, "What are you doing?" Cain growled, "Do you know hard it's to turn off my magic defenses?"

Jemima wasn't listening. She instead looked at the newly set grass, "Do you know how much time it took me to convince Sebas to get this?" She stared at him.

Cain scratched his head, standing up, "Fine. What is so special about that grass?"

Jemima stood, "This grass is delicate and hard to maintain, but it repels bugs and pests. With it around the house, the other plants can thrive." She replied with an angry face.

"Then why didn't Sebas want it?"

Jemima church to the back, "Please forget that part," She took a step away.

Cain stared at her, "Speak. If I was about to get angry at you, I would have done it when you threw me." He sighed.

"The grass cost around one gold coin per square foot, and I might have told Sebas that you asked to buy it." She looked to the side, waiting for him to yell at her.

"How much did the whole house cost?" Cain stared at her, "Over a thousand gold coins, with discounts." She mumbled.

That was a disgusting about of money for just grass. No wonder Sebas refused at first. Cain looked at her, scratching his head, "Fine, it doesn't matter," He sighed, remembering he had access to both Mammon, Lolth, and Umberlee's vaults.

"I have enough money now, so it isn't a problem." Cains stared at her, "But a month earlier, I might have taken a more drastic measure."

"Sorry,"

"Well then, can you grow this thing and spread it?" Cain asked.

"I can, but it will need a lot of expensive tools and magic water." Jemima replied, "That's why I couldn't grow it myself."

Cain nodded, "How much will it cost?" He looked at her.

"I don't know exactly. I haven't looked at the market for a while. But It should be over a hundred thousand." She scratched her chin, "This grass is lucrative and only aimed toward royalty, after all."

"The king won't want mosquitoes in his castle after all." Cain smiled.

"Soon, I will be building a fortified castle. I want you to get this thing ready." Cain smiled, "I have the money to get everything we need."

Jemima felt her head hurting, "Do you know much that will cost? Are you building a kingdom?"

"Costes be damned, I can always make more. I want the best castle in the world." Cain smiled, knocking on the ground with his staff, "And a long, sturdy tower. No wizard can be whole without a good old stone rod." He said with a smile,

"You're serious about it?" Jemima stared at him in disbelief, "I'm serious. Some big changes are coming to the world, and I intended to take advantage of them."

Cain thought of the system collapse, which would throw the world into chaos, and only he would be able to provide a new system. He wasn't intending on charging people to use it, but he would do a few tricks to make sure no one gets above him.

"Let's go!" Cain said, flicking his finger. ZON! ZON!

Cain and Jemima disappeared, teleporting toward the dark elf kingdom using the maze as a medium. Thud! They landed beside Gracie. Just a few moments after he teleported.

"Cain, you returned with her," Gracie looked down at Jemima, who fell on her back with her head spinning.

Cain looked at her as well, "Teleporting for a long distance can sometimes cause motion sickness. Let her rest a bit."

After a few seconds, Jemima stood, "I'm fine," She said, leaning on Gracie, "Headmaid, where are we?" She asked.

"The other side of the world, the dark elf continent." Gracie replied, "There is something that Cain wanted to show you." Mei, who was flying around, said with a smile, hovering at the shop's door while the owner stared with a gaping mouth.

"A fairy, here in my shop!" The owner rushed out crying, Mei flew away dodging him as she kids behind Cain. The owner stopped in his place and looked at her from away with a sad face.

Ishtar looked at Cain, "Pixies and fairies were old friends of the elves, we lived together in the forests." She then looked toward the shop owner, "But after the drow tried burning the world tree, the relation between us only got worst."

Alva got her head out of Gracie's pocket and said, "The owner must have been thrilled to see a pixie hoving over his plants, but now he seems to have realized we're with you."

"We're getting into his shop anyway." Cain said, approaching the owner, "Can we look at your plants?" He asked with a smile.

The owner shook his head up and down rapidly, stealing glances at the pixies around Cain.

"Master, are they with you?" The owner whispered to Cain.

"We can hear you," Ishtar replied from the other side of the shop.

"We are his wives," Mei shouted with a smile, lifting one arm as if cheering for herself.Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

The owner froze in place, "How could a man get the favor of the forest spirits?"

Cain looked at him, "The favor?" Tilting his head, "Just be nice,"

Ishtar stared at them, "For them, that won't even cut it." She growled, "Since that day when their ancestors attempted to burn the world tree, our kind who lived under it couldn't stand them."

"Aren't you a bit harsh on them?" Cain replied.

"Would you befriend someone who burned your house with your entire family in it?" Ishtar glared at the owner, "Be realistic. Most people would cut ties completely. The hatred is far rooted now."

Cain looked at her, "Aren't you taking it a bit too far,"

"It isn't just my problem. All the pixes have this hatred. Solving it isn't a matter of convincing me alone." She pointed toward Alva, "I don't have a problem with them, but mother would kill drows on sight." She replied.

The owner looked down with a sad face, "We're trying to start a new page. Look at all those plants." He pointed around.

"It's easy to convince people that a single drow is a good person, but it's hard to clear your people's name. Especially when your kind worshipped Lolth."