Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Thud! Chad walked outside the palace after the bath, stretching his arms. "Want to go for a walk?" Aster said as she followed him.

Chad turned his head, "I want to move more than walk. Can you fight?"

A chill ran down her spine, "I can. Do you want us to spare?"

Chad nodded, "What does it mean to you then? Just a small exercise, nothing too dangerous."

"Please be gentle with me. I'm far softer than the king," She scratched her cheek, and a faint giggle escaped her mouth.

Chad smiled, pointing toward one of the guards, "Follow me," He said, approaching the man.

The guard tensed up when he saw Chad, saluting him, "Sir Chad, good day to you."

"We want to have a little sparring match. Can you direct us to a suitable place?" Chad asked with a smile.

The guard stared at him, stealing glances at Aster behind him, "You and the lady? I would suggest the royal guard training ground. It's just behind the castle."

"Thank you," Chad replied, patting the guard's shoulder as he left.

The guard looked toward Chad, fading into the distance. Thud! He fell to the ground, panting. "The man who defeated the dragon king, how could someone have such a presence?" He stared at his shoulder pad.

CLING! A faint, divine spark glittered from the metal. As if a god touched it, the divine aura flashed. "Is the queen sure he isn't an Avatar?"

The moment Chad stepped into the royal guard training ground, all of the people there halted, glaring at him. "Oh, god. It's him," One of the guards gasped.

"Sir Chad, what brought us to our humble barracks?" The captain of the guards rushed toward him, bowing.

"I wanted to have a little sparring match with her," Chad pointed toward Aster behind him, "One of the guards told me this is a good place. Don't worry. It's simple training."

The guard nodded, "Of course, you can use the place. We happen to have finished our training." The captain glared back, and everyone cleared the place.

"Thank you," Chad replied, approaching the center of the arena.

Aster stooped at the edge, taking her shoes and top shirt off, leaving only a tight shirt and her leather pants.

"Did you have to take them off?" Chad asked.

"Yeah, I will damage them. And those aren't that revealing, or do you have a problem with this?" She stared at him with a smile.

"No, not at all. I want to know your fighting style work as I might learn something." Chad cracked his neck, taking a stance with one fist forward.

Aster faced him and started gently hopping on one leg, keeping her eyes fixed on Chad.

"You can start," Chad said with a smile.

"Just be careful. I'm quite fast." Aster said, her heart beating faster and faster. Each time she stared at Chad, she could feel her stomach turn. Aster was getting more nervous with each step and imagined him countering her kick with a fist.

The guards were getting more nervous than her, staring at the arena with shaking breaths.

CLACK! Aster's body disappeared, and her sole approached Chad's face in a straight kick.

Chad smiled as he saw her muscles tense in the last moment before she charged. He Slightly tilted his head to the side and lifted his palm to block.Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

CRACK! Aster changed the direction of her kick to the ground, forcing her body to spin and send a kick directly at Chad's right ear. BAM! She got a solid hit, but Chad didn't budge.

"What?" Aster gasped, seeing Chad move his head to the side, pushing against her foot with his ear. "You should pull your leg as soon as you hit. Otherwise, I could break your knee." Chad grabbed the back of her knee and then immediately released it.

Aster switched her stance, pulling her leg back and swinging another kick at his stomach.

CRACK! Chad stomped to the ground, swinging his palm up and grabbing her ankle. VOOM! Aster's body swung violently. CRACK! Chad finished with a punch at her guts, which got blocked.

Chad smiled, seeing Aster get back on her feet and block his punch with her knee. "I could have shattered your kneecap, be careful," Chad warned her.

"We know from the start that I can't beat you," Aster growled, sending a lightning-fast triple kick at Chad's face.

Chad smiled, and his pals wiggled like a snake, deflecting the three kicks.

Clench! As he deflected the kicks, Aster grabbed his neck between her thighs, squeezing as hard as she could while clinging to the ground with her hands. She attempted to smack him on the floor, but Chad didn't budge.

Looking back at Chad, he stood there, slowly lifting his neck and pulling her whole body. "Hoi! Hoi! I'm using my draconic weight. Do you know how much that is?" She extended her claws to the ground, trying to resist his pull.

"You're heavy, I admit. But it isn't something I can't move." Chad replied, pulling her up with his just his neck.

The guards stared in silence, seeing Aster hanging from Chad's neck only with her thighs. "What are you made of?"

"Clay, flesh and bones," Chad replied, swinging his neck in circles to throw her away. "My time to attack back."

Staring at her, Chad threw his shirt and shoes off and started jumping as she did. But Unlike her, he had his arms wide open, "Let's start dancing,"

BAM! Chad leaped forward, swinging a kick at Aster's face.

"You!" Aster shouted, kicking forward.

KA-BOOM! The two kicks clashed, releasing a massive shockwave shaking the castle, "You think you can copy my move just like that?"

"You must be joking," Chad smiled, twisting his body and sending a kick at her ear.

BAM! Aster lifted her hands to block the kick, but the force sent her body rolling like a rag doll. CLACK! Aster got forced to extend her wings, using them to stabilize her body. "That was a nice..." Before she could finish speaking, she saw the bottom of Chad's foot about to smack her face. In the same way, she did before.

BAM! She didn't dodge, letting him smack her in the face. CLACK-BOM! Her face spun around, fueling a kick toward Chad's stomach.

Feeling the hit, Chad tried to leap back but couldn't. She had caught his ankle, "Got you!" Aster growled, her eyes flashing yellow as her muscles tensed up.

CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK!

Aster took hold of Chad and Unleashed a barrage of kicks at his torso and face, not allowing him to take a single step back.

"You like your kicks a bit too much," Chad growled.

BAM! Aster kicked him away, roaring as black scales covered her skin.

CREEK! Chad tapped the ground with his leg and stopped, looking toward Aster with a smile, "Put more weight in your kicks," He took a stance, one foot forward and one back.

***

BAM! Evelyn and Ariel woke up feeling Chad's magic shaking the whole castle, "Is he fighting something?" Ariel gasped.

Evelyn looked around, "No, he isn't using a tenth of his power. He's sparring with Aster. I can sense her magic mixed in." She stood up, extending her wings.

"Should we go check on them?" Ariel asked, looking around for her armor.

Evelyn curled back in the bed, "Let them be," She went back to sleep.

Ariel stared at her with a smile, slowly approaching the bed and pushing her to the side, "Leave some space for me."

"Go use the couch," Evelyn growled, hugging the blanket.

"This one is still warm," Ariel pushed Evelyn to the side and curled inside the bed with a smile.

***

Flying in the sky, Lilia stared at the fight with a smug face, "Look at them fight. That girl is something." a cheeky grin crossed her face.

"Chad is taking the fight slowly, inspecting her kicks and learning them." Lilia smiled, "She kicks him in the face because he spends more time analyzing her move than caring to dodge. He's built differently than other people."

Lilia took her staff out and spun it around, "Sadly, I can't carry you back home right now." She disappeared, leaving a trail of silver dust in her place.

Cain was walking in the city with the girls, returning after their shopping ended. "Cain!" Lilia appeared out of nowhere, sitting on his shoulder and grabbing his head between her hands.

"You bitch!" Ishtar growled as Lilia sat on her. "More your leg," Alva struggled to breathe,"

Mei used one hand to push Lilia's thighs away, and with her other hand, she conjured an inch-long needle, "Get off of Cain!" She stabbed forward.

"AW!" Lilia jumped up, flying with magic and scratching her rear end, "Mei, that was painful!" She cried with a sad face.

"You sat on us! Next time make sure no one is on Cain's shoulders!" Mei glared at her, and so did all the girls.

"Can you leave some space for me?" Lilia asked, and the fairies let her sit on Cain's shoulders while they sat on Cain's head.