Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Cain rested on a couch, closing his eyes before the flame of the fireplace of his mansion. Lilia sat on his lap, humming.

"Master, should I bring you anything to drink?" Lexi approached them with a smile.

"Tea if you have it ready. Don't go making it," Cain replied. "Make me some tea," Lilia added, and Cain glared at her.

"Don't overwork my maids."

"Even if there is tea, she would make you a new one anyway. Do you think they will listen and give you old stuff?" Lilia smiled, "I would dance naked if they did."

Lexi looked down, "She is right. As per Alice's orders, we must give you everything new."

"Heard that?" Lilia stared at Cain.

Hearing their conversation, Alice walked downstairs, "Are you talking about me?" She smiled, staring at Lexi.

"You're keeping them in line. Nice job!" Lilia smiled, giving Alice a thumbs up.

"Gracie is lenient with them. Someone needs to put limits." Alice stared at Lexi, "Bring me one as well,"

"As you say, lady Alice." Lexi bowed down, rushing toward the kitchen.

Cain stared at her, "What did you do to them?"

"I judge their mistakes and give punishments." Alice smiled, sitting beside Cain. Thud! Lilia rested her legs on Alice's lap.

"If it was a genuine mistake, they get away with a scolding," Alice said, grabbing Lilia's toe and trying to twist it. She achieved nothing.

"But if she brought you old tea, she would have gotten a few spankings. And no dinner." Alice smiled, panting after she couldn't get Lilia's leg off her.

"I see, just don't take it overboard." Cain sighed, "Did you give anyone an extreme punishment for something?"

Alice scratched her head, "No one did something big after Klara. She got a couple of nights of speaking."

Cain remembered what Klara did, working for Lisa as a double agent, "Yeah, I hope she won't try it again."

After a few moments, Selena walked in. "You're resting by the flames. Leave some for me-nya." She approached Cain, looking at his lap and seeing Lilia, "Move-nya."

"No, this is my place," Lilia replied, rubbing her head on Cain's chest.

Selena stared at her for a moment and then extended her claws. She grabbed Lilia by the head, threw her in the fireplace, and then curled on Cain's lap.

Lilia flew slowly from the flames, "I would have gotten seriously injured, you know?"

Selena didn't respond, only purring as her tails waved around.

"Ignoring me, are we?" Lilia stared at her, summoning her staff. "Amogus!" With a bright flash, Selen's body turned into a yellow-eyed black cat. "This should make space for both of us."

Selena looked at her limbs, confused for a moment, before starting to lick her front paws. This body was similar to her jaguar form but smaller.

Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Lilia approached her and took a spot on Cain's lap, patting Selena's back. "We reached an agreement," Lilia smiled.

After two strokes, Lilia stared at Selena, "You're muscles carried to this small body." she smiled. Selena was a jacked cat.

Thud! Lexi walked in with a large silver tray with tea cups on it. "Tea is ready," She looked back, and Katherine rushed in with a large wooden table.

"Can you carry that?" Cain asked, looking at her.

"No problem, Master," Katherine smiled, putting the table down slowly and showing her arm, "I've been training lately. I can lift heavier things."

"Just take care of your back, don't strain yourself too much," Cain replied with a smile.

As Lexi started pouring tea for them, Sofia walked in with Zaleria and Morena. "Are you having tea without us?" Zaleria stared at them.

"You drink tea?" Morena stared at her sister with a puzzled face.

"There is enough for everyone one and more. Please sit down." Lexi stared at them. At that moment, she felt a hand grab her head. "So this is why there is always old tea. How much did you make?" Alice glared at her.

"Sorry, lady Alice. We expected they might want to drink, so we prepared a bit extra tonight." Lexi cried, and Alice let go of her.

"I will let it slide this time, but no more wasting," Alice said, drinking her tea.

Cain lifted his cup and took a sip, "Master, can I look at your nail?"

Lilia smiled, extending her hands to him, "Look as much as you want." she smiled.

"How will you drink then?" Sofia said, staring at her from the other side of the table.

Lilia's cup started floating, approaching her lip. "Like this, I don't usually use my hands, to be honest," Lilia replied.

"You use magic for everything?" Alice asked, and Lilia nodded.

"From washing my teeth to changing clothes and eating, everything is done by my magic like this." She smiled. "I don't even use my senses most of the time."

"What?" Morena gasped, staring at her.

"Of course. I see, hear, smell, taste, and feel through magic." Lilia closed her eyes, "I have over a thousand arcane eyes in this room alone. All of them looked at everything with different degrees."

"Like what?" Sofia asked.

"For example, I see everyone here naked and from every angle possible." Lilia pointed with a magic arrow at Sofia, "I have eyes staring at you naked from every direction, noses smelling you, and tongues tasting you. I can even hear your heartbeat and organs moving and feel them."

"Can you stop that?" Sofia hugged herself.

"No," Lilia replied with a passive face.

​ "You must be lying," Zaleria stared at her, "Such sense would drive anyone crazy."

Lilia looked at her, and Zaleria jumped up, "KYA!"

"What is it?" Morena asked her.

Zaleria kept scratching her body, "What is this? Take it off me!"

Lilia stared, laughing, "Fine,"

"What did you do?" Sofia asked with a puzzled face.

"I had thousands of magic tongues lick her whole body. That must have felt disgusting." Lilia replied with a smile.

"Can you stop moving for a moment?" Cain said while looking directly at her nails, "Those things are unbelievable," He gasped.

First nail:

[Telekinetic Empowerment] Increase the power of the user's Psychic magic in proportion to the area of Mana they can control and the amount of MP they have stored. Current record: 9478543%

Second nail:

[Clones of the end] This nail holds a 1230 clone body ready to deploy. Those bodies are updated monthly to match the user's current power.

Third nail:

[Uncharted existence] This nail duplicates the user's existence through the ethereal realm, making them immune to damage that can't reach that realm.

Fourth finger:

[Key] The key to the unknown. Holds a copy of the user's mind and will immediately transfer it to her after the activation of [Clones of the end]

Fifth finger:

[Extra dimensional tornado] A violent storm of chaotic magic fueling the user's mana pool. The magic here contributes to [Telekinetic Empowerment]

Sixth finger:

[Extra dimensional storage] Hold the user's lab and all possession inside. The current numbers are as follows.

Gold: 98745625879554789965478 Coins worth of gems, currencies, arts, and magic items.

Slaves: 9521556 slaves of different origins contained within, but less than 1% are considered alive.

...

Seventh finger:

[Cognitive empowerment] This buff allows the user to enchant their mental capacity to process magic inscriptions and languages. It also works as a separate computing unit to handle small tasks.

Eighth finger:

[Library] This enchantment store everything the user sees, hears, or feels with any of his senses, magical or natural. The user has access to all the information at the same time in all circumstances.

Ninth finger:

[Fuel storage] This extra-dimensional pocket stores all manners of magic, spells, and natural effects to be used at a later date if needed. The effects stored here can be called upon at any moment as long as the user wishes to.

Tenth finger:

[Clensing dimension of the nine divines] This pocket contains nine creations of Lilia, used mainly to clean divine energy and restore it. Even though it can be used at all times, it suffers from degradation and needs to be fixed at ten years of use. The current durability is nine years.

Cain sighed, sitting back and staring at Lilia's hands with an exhausted face, "How the hell do you want me to reapply those?" He growled.

Lilia burst laughing, pointing her legs toward him, "That was just half, don't get discouraged like this." she grinned, poking him in the stomach.

"That's why I'm exhausted. Just looking at them drains my brain." Cain growled, staring at her face.

"Telling me to reapply them is like asking a humble builder to build a castle in a single night. He won't finish even if he spent his whole life." Cain added while scratching his head.

"Come on, Cain. That's why I'm here. I will teach you to be the best nail worker. After me of course." She smiled, resting her head on his chest.

"Are her nails that crazy?" Sofia asked.

"More than you can expect," Cain replied.