Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Cain sighed, cracking his neck while grabbing Lilia's hand. "I will start working," He closed his eyes, focusing on the reconstruction of her buff.

Morena, who sat beside them, suddenly felt her body itching, "He seems to need me. I will be going."

Morena's body disappeared in a haze of mist, "She went back inside him." Zaleria sighed, gulping her cup down.

Alice smiled, "He should finish soon," Alice with a smile, but Lilia's staff poked her head, "He will take a while. My buffs aren't that simple," Lilia replied with a smile.

"Why are you working him like this? You could have redone them yourself," Sofia, who sat in the back, said with a worried face.

Lilia turned around, her red hair waving as her blue eyes flashed. "I'm training him," she smiled, "For someone of Cain's caliber, there isn't much magic training to do, besides this."

Sofia stood, approaching Lilia, "And how would your TRAINING help him grow?" She glared at her with glowing eyes. The dragon queen wasn't pleased.

Lilia smiled, Lifting her second hand and touching Sofia's chest, "Draconis fundamentum, you have a beefy one." She smiled, gently stroking her chest.

"What do you mean?"

"It helps you process your power. Cain doesn't have one as strong as you." Lilia touched Cain's chest, "He needs to work for it, train his mind to face the difficulties of dabbling in magic. Otherwise, you might lose him to madness."

"Madness?" Zaleria growled, remembering the day she fought him with Sylph, "What is that?"

"Cain's soul is unstable, merely kept intact by his willpower," Lilia grabbed her staff and pointed it at Cain's head. "Inside this skull of his, there is nothing but madness. He will reach his peak when it's cleared."

"How do we clear it?" Sofia stared at her, grabbing the tornado by the head.

"Careful little girl, you'll mess my hair." Lilia pushed Sofia's hand away, "You can clean him in multiple ways." She looked toward them, "Kill the dragon king, or get Cain to not care about him anymore."

"I will kill the king," Sofia growled, her scales showing on her skin.

Lilia pointed at her with her staff, "Calm yourself down, girl. You can't kill him yet."

"Why?"

"He is stronger than you for now." Lilia stared with a straight face, "Chad failed to get him. You will suffer a similar fate."

"No offense to father-in-law, but I should be stronger now." Sofia wasn't joking or trying to sound arrogant. She was getting more attuned to her divine power by the moment.

Each second got her closer to Tiamat's true power. How could a mortal dream kill his god?

"Say that another time and I will hang you naked in the hallway," Lilia smacked Sofia's head with the staff.

"What did you do that for?" Sofia glared at her. To see Lilia pointed at Zaleria, "Her mother, the purgatory dragon, has the answer to that question."

"What?" Zaleria glared at her.

"Let me put it bluntly, as what I am about to say is forbidden," Lilia cleared her throat.

"AO is an idiot, weirdo. He created the first human, Adam, in his image to admire himself. When AO got an artistic whim, he made the world three graceful elves." Lilia Scratched her head.

"And you dragons, he created Asgorath when he wanted the most broken, overpowering alpha predators of the natural world. It's safe to say that the dragons are AO's true masterpiece, besides humans, as he created those based on himself."

"What do you mean?"

"You're stupid, aren't you?" Lilia looked at them with a faint smile. "Asgorath was alone. How did he have two children?"

"He could lay eggs?" Sofia stared at Lilia with a weird face.

"Exactly. AO gave the dragon every evolution possible." Lilia smiled, "Asgorath could eat anything, breathe everywhere, and doesn't even need to breathe. He was both a man and a woman. Asgorath used all elements, even the ones we don't know. He was the strongest, and only AO and Adam surpassed him."

"Get to the point."

"The twilight, Asgorath chose to die as he could do it. And it was the only way. All dragons must die in the last stage to achieve their greatest power." Lilia lifted her hand, "Kossuth, the fire lord."

"The god of fire?" Zaleria stared at her.

"He isn't a real god, even by the standard of the fake gods." Lilia smiled, "He's the one who killed Tiamat, or should I say, she killed Tiamat."

Lilia glared at Zaleria, "After refusing the dragon king's advances and even beating him down. Tiamat looked down, cursing the children of the wyrm who broke her rules."

Lilia opened her palm and ignited a crimson flame, "Kossuth approached me at midnight, begging for a cure for her cursed children. I didn't want to bother with a fight against Tiamat, so I just gave her a door to hell, telling her to settle her scores alone."

"I almost shat myself hearing the news a month later that she actually killed Tiamat." Lilia smiled, "But sadly, her flames have raged out of control, and even after cutting a part of her power in hell, she still couldn't return to the mortal world."

Zaleria stood, glaring at her, "Kossuth, or as you know it, Imvaernarhro Asgorborn. She's sleeping in the elemental plane of fire, forever waiting as the immortal flames."

Zaleria rushed in, grabbing Lilia by the neck, "Are you saying my mother is alive?"

"I don't know about that. I didn't hear from Imvaernarhro in centuries." Lilia giggled, "By the way, this is your sister. Kind of," Lilia pulled Cain's blade from his sheath, showing it to Zaleria.

"Inanna, the fake Kossuth, and the eternal flames of hell. It is the part Imvaernarhro cut to try and weaken herself to return to the mortal world." Lilia smiled.

Alice stood, "Are you saying that Zaleria's mother didn't stop at beating the dragon king but proceeded to kill Tiamat as well?" She glared at Lilia, "That doesn't sound believable."

"That's what I'm trying to explain. Dragons are powerful when they need to be." Lilia sat on the couch, closing her eyes.

"Imvaernarhro wasn't special. I would even say she is a pacifistic submissive dragon, and a disgrace for the red dragon pride." Lilia smiled, "That was her strength. She wasn't arrogant but instead knew when to ask for help." Lilia looked at the door, "She didn't spend years looking for a way to do something big and instead chose to ask for my help to lift the curse. When I gave her the gate to hell, she simply went in like an angry mother, Wiped the floor with Tiamat."

"Can you send me to her?" Zaleria asked.

"No, you will get burned to ash. Your mother has long surpassed her twilight." Lilia looked at Zaleria with a smile, "You will meet her. When you get strong enough to stand in her presence."

​ "Cain is a god. We can go together."

Hearing those words, Lilia shook her head, "He will die faster than you. He is a god of the sea, remembers?" She touched Cain's chest, "Want him to become a roasted octopus?"Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

"Then how do I get strong enough to reach her?" Zaleria asked.

"Let me make this straight. Your mother never intended to become strong. She learned acid magic from your father because using it in small concentration helped her clean their lair. Her fight with the dragon king was her first, and she with Tiamat was probably the second. You will need great power to surpass such talent."

Alice looked at Lilia, "What curse Tiamat gave Zaleria and Morena?"

"The curse to kill each other, they were destined to spill their own blood. Killing Tiamat indirectly broke the curse because it led to Cain meeting Sofia and eventually managing to marry the sisters." Lilia smiled.

Zaleria sat back on her chair, scratching her head, "Where did everything start? What happened in Cain's original life, and what happened in this one?"

"I would say one thing, the only one who matters here is Cain. As long as you stick with him, you will meet your mother eventually." Lilia smiled, "And if you want to power. I can help you get some for free."

"What are you talking about?" Cain woke up after fixing one finger and stared at Lilia.

"Cain, you're awake?" Lilia stared at him with a smile.

Cain grabbed her by the head, "I was listening from the start, left some strength to stay conscious and not repeat a recent mistake," He remembered when he zoned out last time.

"Kossuth is Zaleria's mother? Why didn't you tell me before?" Cain picked her up by the head, "Speak,"

"I knew you would try to do something about it. Telling you wasn't the best option." She cried.

"Then why tell them when I'm not listening?"

"I need them to get strong enough to stand by your side." Lilia stared at him.