Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Cain stood, heading back, "Strong enough to stand by my side? Are you comparing them to yourself?"

Lilia sighed, "You're starting a war with the gods and dragons. Do you think Gracie there can survive an attack from Mystra?"

Cain stopped, "I don't think so," He looked back at her, "But don't just start hiding things from me. What if I started a fight with Kossuth?"

"You might start it, but she will never take the bait. I told you she is a pacifist at heart." Lilia flew toward him, "Now, how about you finish my nails?"

"I will start, by everyone else, and you're the last." Cain looked at her with a smile, "You asked me to make them stronger, didn't you?"

Lilia sighed, "Fine,"

Zaleria and Sofia stood, "This is going to hurt," Sofia said while thinking Lilia didn't seem bothered when Cain tinkered with her finger.

"Not just you. All of you must follow me." Cain said with a straight face.

"What?" Zaleria stared at him.

"Alice, Selena, Gracie, the fairies, and even the maids. Follow me to the bath. I'm going to make you all witches to an extent." Cain said with a smile.

"Hold up. We need innate magic power to become witches." Alice stared at him.

"If being a devil from birth doesn't scream innate magic, then I don't know what will." Cain pointed at her, "Everyone here can become a witch, and those who don't can absorb power directly from me."

With those words, Alice nodded and headed to call the maids. Cain headed toward the bath Lilia and Sofia to expand it in the meantime.

"Klara, are you here?" Alice said, entering the kitchen.

Klara put the ladle in the pot and rushed to greet Alice, "Lady Alice, did you call me?"

Alice nodded with a smile, "Cain asked for all the maids to follow him to the bath. This also includes us."

Klara stared at her for a moment, "All of us? Someone needs to stay and keep an eye on everything here." She pointed toward the food cooking. They can't leave the kitchen alone.

~Cain, you heard her. What will you do~

~Leave it to them~

As Cain replied, a horde of ghosts appeared from the walls, "Lord Cain called us,"

"The ones serving in the mansion." Alice looked around with a smile.

Seeing everyone, Klara nodded with a smile, "I will call everyone. But should we expect some service?"

Alice thought about it, "I don't know about service. But Cain said he wanted to give everyone power, mostly Witchcraft."

Klara stared at her, surprised, "Witchcraft? He can give power just like that?"

"Don't get too excited. From what I heard from Sofia, it will hurt like hell." Alice said with a worried face.

Klara smiled, "That's fine in my book, but I wonder about the rest." She grinned with a shiver. Alice gave her a disappointed look. Klara liked that.

After a while, Klara returned, "Everyone didn't mind taking a beating."

"It isn't. Cain will just enchant your nails, but it will hurt like pulling a tooth," Alice replied.

"It's the same." Klara smiled, "Will he enchant both our hands?"

Alice scratched her head, "Both hands and feet. Unless the pain stopped you mid-enchanting."

"Master doing our nails? I won't have dreamed of such a thing. I will let everyone know immediately." Klara rushed away again.

Looking at her, Alice smiled and headed toward the bath, meeting Ellie going there.

"Ellie, you look pale," Alice asked with a smile.

"Yeah, my skin is getting worse." Ellie smiled, scratching her chin.

"Is Cain's blood not enough?"

Ellie shook her head, "I thought of the same thing and tried to drink Olivia's blood. Let's just say it was disgusting."

"Cain's blood is full of mana. You won't find something better than it." Alice replied with a smile.

Ellie looked at her, "Can I try yours?"

"I'm a devil. Let's see what Cain has to say about it first," Alice replied, worried that her blood might hurt Ellie.

A metallic doll shaped like an elvish woman awaited them. "What is this?" Ellie gasped.

The doll's head moved, "Mistress Alice, Mistress Ellie. My name is 00, a servant of her majesty Lilia." The doll bowed.

"Did she bring you here?"

"I was tasked with helping you change," She doll proceeded to help them as she was tasked.

"What are you exactly?" Ellie asked, touching the doll's shoulder.

"I'm an aluminum golem made by fusing a soul into a construct." the doll replied, "I sadly don't have any blood."

Ellie leaped back, "You know I'm a vampire?"

"I was one in my life before Mistress captured me." The doll replied, "Make sure to not anger her."

"Don't worry about that," Alice replied, standing and heading inside the bath with Ellie.

***

AOW! Zaleria cried, pulling her hand from Cain's palms. "Be more gentle." She stared at him with Mei laughing in the back.

Sofia sat beside Cain, relaxing in the hot water with Lilia sitting beside her.

In the back, Ishtar lay on the ground with Alva massaging her back with a strange face. "Lady Ishtar, do you like this?"

"More to the left." She replied.

Selena swam underwater with Eilistraee, all while Gracie, Morena, Lolth, and Mellissa chatted in the back.

"This is a bit much," Alice said, and then looked to the side where Farryn, Isbert, Bela, and Jella sat washing their bodies.

"Everyone is here," Ellie said, staring around and then hearing the other maids reaching the changing room.

"It's strange, isn't it." A hand grabbed Ellie from the back.

Surprised, Ellie turned and saw an unfamiliar face. "Who are you?" She asked, focusing on her massive chest.

Alice smiled, "She is Sara, the first princess. Isbert and Noel are her sisters." Alice replied with a smile.

Ellie freaked out for a moment, "What is she doing here?"

"She was following us as a diplomate between the elves and humans," Alice replied with a smile.

"You can't just have a princess here and not tell me," Ellie took a step back. She expected Isbert, but Sara was a whole surprise to her.

Sara hugged Ellie from the back, "Don't worry, little vamp." She smiled, "We're all equal here."

Hearing those words confused Ellie even more, "How could you tell?"Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

"An aboleth tadpole ate my whole brain. I can tell you aren't a human." Sara smiled.

Noel approached from the back, "She is lying. Alice told her before."

"Lady Alice!" Ellie stared back at Alice, shaking her, "Why did you tell them? Her mother is the pope, you know?"

Sara giggled, "Mother isn't a straight pope," She smiled.

"What do you mean?"

"We talk about that when we get familiar with each other," Sara smiled, pulling Ellie by the hand toward the water.

***

"Cain, I'm hungry." Gracie looked toward Cain from her seat beside Morena.

"Right now? Can't you wait a bit?" Cain replied, "I'm trying to focus on enchanting Zaleria."

"You want to do it now? In front of everyone?" Eilistraee asked, staring at her.

Gracie nodded, "To be honest, I don't really care." Gracie replied. "I know it's improper, but I don't feel embarrassed about it."

Melissa looked down, "That was my mistake."

Gracie looked at her, "I already settled my score with Meliliana. It's not your fault." She smiled, "I'm a succubus now."

Lilia stared at them, "I think it's both from her cubus blood and her mental state. Succubus sees sexual stuff like that as normal."

"That's a bit hard to deny." Melissa sighed.

At that moment, all the maids entered at once, stopping at the door to look around.

"One, two, three, twenty? How many women are here?" Everly looked around, counting everyone. "Is this some kind of a party?"

Klara looked at her, "You can't complain. Master is free to do what he likes."

"This isn't what she was talking about." Amara stared at her with a disappointed face, "Come on! Let's wash first," Katherine pulled them over.

Nemmoxon stared at Cain, "I have to agree. This is a lot of women in one place."

"Is this the place?" A voice boomed from underneath the water, and a blond woman with grills on her neck emerged.

"Who are you?" Ellie fell on her rear end, glaring ahead.

"She is Umberlee. Treat her nicely." Cain replied with a smile.

HAAA! Everly cried in the back, "Umberlee? Master, please stop joking."

"I'm not. She is Umberlee, the sea goddess." He then pointed toward Lolth in the back, "That the spider goddess, and she is the dancing goddess of the drow, Eilistraee." He then smiled, "And just in case you don't know, Sofia is Tiamat, the chromatic dragon goddess."

The maids found it hard to believe, especially since all the people here seemed normal enough.

"I'm the mad god, by the way," Cain smiled, "Call me Cthulhu. Marina, there is my high priestess." Marina showed them her holy symbol, a necklace with a tentacle mark on it.

"Who knew of this?" Amara looked at the maids.

"I did," Amaya replied, looking at them from the corner.