Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

"I finished with Zaleria. Who is next?" Cain stared at the crowd.

"How about Sofia?" Alice asked, approaching him with the maids.

"I finished her first. I'm quite fast now." Cain looked around, "Would you want to be next?"

"I'm a cleric. What would witchcraft and wizardry give me?" Alice smiled, sitting in front of him.

"You won't need to use a holy symbol and be like Ariel. You will also have more control over your abilities." Cain replied, "What to give it a try?"

Alice looked at her hand and slowly extended it to Cain, "I heard it's painful, be gentle." She said, with her eyes quivering.

Cain gently grabbed her hand, "Take a deep breath and get ready. I'm about to start."

Alice closed her eyes and relaxed, "You can start."

As Cain started enchanting her nails, she flinched, opening her eyes and staring at him, "You know this is agonizing?"

"You aren't crying."

"I'm used to pain, remember. But if any of the maids felt this, I bet they won't be that happy." She stared at him with a smile, "But please don't hold back on me. I can take more than this."

Hearing that, Cain slowly ramped up his speed and the amount of mana charging into her. "Ok, please stop."

Cain laughed, "I'm about to finish. The last part will hurt a bit more, so clench your teeth,"

"I will," Alice said, holding her breath and staring at her hands. "OH!" She gasped, curling forward and clenching her fist, "That last one was weird. I felt the pain rush to my teeth,"

"Now give me your feet. Need to finish those as well." Cain said with a smile, and Alice lept away, "No, thank you. Another time, I had enough." She replied with a wry smile.

Cain sighed, looking back at the maids, "Anyone wants a part?"

"Me." The voice came from the corner. When Cain looked in that direction, it was Amaya standing all alone.

"Why are you there? Come here and have fun." Cain called her.

"I can't. I have a slight problem." Amaya said with a passive face, "I stink."

"Then this is a bath. It's perfect."

"No, the polymorph isn't holding up well. With all the soldiers I hold." Amaya replied, looking at her hands.

'So it smells of the thousands of rotting corpses inside her body. The polymorph I used isn't strong enough' Cain smiled, "I can cast it again,"

Amaya sat ahead of him, "Please do,"

"I'm next," Ellie said with a smile, rushing toward Cain and almost slipping.

As Cain grabbed Amaya's hand, a pulse of magic coursed across the bath, causing it to vibrate. "What is this?" Cain gasped, staring at Lilia, thinking she was behind it.

"Don't look at me. I'm not doing anything." Lilia gasped, extending her hand and attempting to balance the powers in the bath.

"Hold your magic, laughing tornado." A voice came from nowhere as the lights flickered. Eerie darkness engulfed the momentarily, and the water turned into blood.

The maids screamed, leaping out of the blood bath. Two figures emerged from the wall, walking gracefully toward Cain. A white-haired maid with red eyes and a black-haired one with blue eyes, "Master, it's been a long time, in many ways." The white-haired maid bowed.

"Who are you?" Cain asked, standing up. "Be careful. Those two are bad news," Lilia smiled, summoning her staff.

"We're not here to fight. Please let us explain." The white-haired maid spoke, "I'm Ellie Brown, you maid sitting there." She pointed toward Ellie.

"Amaya Bennett, the one in front of you." The black-haired maid spoke, pointing toward Amaya.

"What?"

"Your wives from the previous lives have fought against each other, breaking apart after your death," Ellie said, staring at Cain in the eyes.

"Each one seeks redemption for her own, forgetting their duty and place. They even went as far as sealing us the maids." Amaya said with a monotonous voice.

Lilia smiled, "Time travelers?"

"No, we're a mere projection of a destroyed world," Amaya replied.

"Gracie tried to stop us when we escaped. We killed her just moments ago. Don't let the shadows of a long failed life lead you astray." Ellie said, giving Cain a slight bow.

"That includes you. What could justify killing my wives? Even if they aren't what I know of?" Cain growled, unpleasant to hear they killed Gracie, even though it was from another world.

"Of course, that includes us. We came here to die." Ellie bowed, "Alice, Sofia, and Selena are in the ninth layer of hell. The Abominable lisworth castle with all the maids is sealed in the heart of the abyss." Ellie bowed, "Please be careful from here onward."

BAM! Morena stood, leaping at Ellie with a punch, "Like's will believe you."

THUD! CLACK! Amaya took a step to the side, catching Morena's fist while glaring at her, "The creeping doom. You took a better path this life, but it made you far weaker," Amaya's eyes flashed blue, and a wave of necrotic magic flooded, falling on Morena's head like a stone wall.

"The uncanny evil of the abyss, the personification of the undeath." Morena growled, barely able to stand, "You're a pain to deal with, but I can still beat you." Amaya smiled.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"Stop. We didn't come here to fight. But to die." Ellie grabbed her hand.

Amaya looked back at her, "We're already dead, remember? Powers don't die, merely change shape."

The white-haired Ellie approached Ellie from our time, touching her head, "This is the end for me. One last word," She looked at Cain with her skin withering, "Put them to rest. They deserve peace."

Amaya bowed gently to the ashes of her comrade, approaching Amaya, "We don't claim to guide you, Master. We only hope no one clouds your judgments." Amaya smiled, Grabbing the current Amaya by the head, "Remember, death isn't the end. It's merely the beginning of something greater." As her body disappeared, her last words echoed, "The goal of all lives is death, a peaceful rest, clean of lingering regret."

With a flicker, the blood disappeared, returning to water as the aura of the two maids cleared.

Shaking, Ellie looked back, "Who was she?" She asked, her hair slowly shifting to white, and her eyes turned red.

Amaya's body quivered momentarily as her skin started to fall, revealing a disgusting corpse that quickly morphed into a skeleton. Her aura spiked as all the undead linked to her growled, "The goal of all life is death." She mumbled, looking around her. "I can understand."

"Are you two all right?" Cain rushed to them, inspecting their bodies but finding nothing strange except the high mana density in their bodies.

"Haya!" Lilia sighed, staring at the two maids, "What the hell was those two thinking? They transferred everything to those two."

"What are you talking about?"

"You're a real idiot. Inspect them for a moment."

"A vampirelord and a deathlord? This isn't an evolution. It is madness." Cain gasped.

Lilia approached Amaya, "A deathlord, haven't seen one before." She smiled, touching her chest bones.

"You don't need sustenance, nor rest, and have power over life and death and absolute control over the undead. Your phylactery is the concept of death itself. So you will never be destroyed." Lilia smiled and giggled, "Cain, can I take you here for some experiments?"

"No,"

"Shame." she then looked at Ellie, "Free control over blood, extreme mind control, the ability to create vampire thralls, and an immortal body. And you can even call on the power of all those whose blood you sucked." She started laughing out loud. Everyone stared at her, even the maids in the back.

Lilia then glared back at Sofia, "Say, Tiamat. Those two are stronger than you if they could utilize their power."

"I would love it if it was true. More power is better. It doesn't matter who holds it as long as it's to help Cain." Sofia replied while standing beside Cain, "I did hate him having more women at the start. But I long changed my mind."

"Your self from the otherworld doesn't seem to have learned that," Lilia glared at her.

At that moment, The image of the old lady owning the bath crossed her mind. "The old lady, that was me?" She looked back at Cain, "That hag who owned the bathhouse. It was me all along."

"Calm down. It doesn't matter now." Cain replied, remembering the Alice who called him to the first layer of hell.

CLAP! Cain smalled his hands together, "I hate to do it, but I have to act quickly." His palms flashed bright white, "Come, I need to speak with you."

From the light, a naked woman with a long leathery tail and bat-like wings emerged, stretching her arms. "AHH! I thought you would never let me out,"

"Shut up! You kept moaning inside my head. It was painful. Tell me, what is happening in the first layer of hell?" Cain glared at Glasya.