Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Glasya stared at Cain with a grin, "You didn't feed me for the entire time. I can't speak on an empty stomach." She replied.

Tip! Tap! Tip! Tap! Ellie approached her.

"What are you looking at?" Glasya growled, "I'm talking with Cain..." She froze in place, losing herself in Ellie's eyes.

Thud! Ellie grabbed Glasya by the head, glaring at her eyes so close that their noses touched. "Cain told you to speak,"

"He!" Glasya mocked her, "Even your master failed to resist my charm. What could you do?" Her eyes flashed pink, making everyone in the bath feel weird.

"You know?" Ellie mumbled, "Your blood is disgusting," Her nails grew, digging into Glasya's skull. "Your charm shall never work,"

Cain smiled, "Glasya, do you know how many people here are facing your charm?" He smiled, looking around.

A single person can be charmed by only one person at a time.

Glasya's charm is useless as long as the girls are charmed by someone else.

"I bet it will be better for me to charm them than you," Gracie said, standing beside Cain. "They tried to resist your charm. But they surrendered to Gracie without hesitation." Cain stated, smiling as Gracie sat on his lap.

"Heard that?" Ellie said, "I never worked with Master, but from the power I just got from myself, I can attempt to help."

Glasya's blood started boiling. Her skin turned red, and her heartbeat accelerated.

"Master, who is this succubus?" Ellie said, looking toward Cain.

"She is the goddess of the cubus and Asmodeus's daughter." Cain replied with a grin, "She should be able to switch between a succubus and an incubus at will. But she fears I might tear her apart."

"Tear me apart?" Glasya stared at him.

Cain smiled, "You are already dead, remember?" He glared at her, "I already consumed you, show some respect toward my girls."

"Why would I do that? I won't bow as long as I can think." Glasya growled.

Cain looked toward Lolth, "You convince her," He pointed toward Glasya, "I will reward you if you manage to do it."

Lolth rushed toward Glasya, pulling her from Ellie's hands, "Mistress Ellie, please excuse me with her for a second." She bowed, dragging the succubus away.

Ellie looked at her, confused. "It doesn't matter." she then walked toward Cain, staring at Gracie. "Head maid, leave some space for me."

"No, he's my food," Graice replied, hugging Cain.

"I will only eat blood," Ellie replied, grabbing Graice by the shoulder and pushing her to the side.

At that moment, everyone approached Cain simultaneously, staring at him. "What just happened?"

"Ellie, are you okay?" Klara approached Ellie with a worried face, inspecting her pale face. "I'm fine, probably better than I had ever been." she looked toward Cain, smiling.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Lilia floated above Cain's head, almost sitting on him with her legs dangling down. She occasionally kicked those away to keep the girls from piling on him.

Sniff! Sniff! Selena started sniffing Amaya's bones, "You look weird as a skeleton-nya."

Amaya stared at her with a blue flame blazing in her eyes, "Lady Selena. I can cover my bones with flesh, but the rotting stench would kill your nose." She replied, "I will use this shape until Master gives me a body with polymorph."

"You're stronger, right?" Sofia stared at her, poking the bones. "Did the other you give you a shard?"

Amaya faced Sofia, "No, she just transferred her magic and undead to me. I used to have around twenty thousand undead soldiers. Now I have close to half a million. With most of them being powerful devils and Demons. There is even a bunch of dracoliches."

"Dracoliches? Are you stronger than Morena?" Sofia stared at her.

"Personally, no. But the army should be able to take her down. Also, my power over the undead is strong enough to control her."

"That's powerful enough to cause an apocalypse." Farryn smiled, "I remember the undead plague that happened several years ago in the southern human continent."

"Don't worry. I'm not a problem." Amaya stared at her.

Farryn laughed, patting her boney back. "I didn't say that. Having your strength on our side is amazing." She smiled, "Say, did you get any memories about the maid castle those two mentioned?"

Amaya shook her head, "No." she replied.

Eilistraee approached them, "Can you turn people into undead?"

Amaya nodded, "I can turn the most corpse into undead. All I need to do is chant [Dance of the dead] [Arise] [Growl] [Consume]."

"Is there any difference?" Sofia asked.

"Dance of the dead creates undead who attack everyone at random. Arise, resurrect them passively. Growl make them scare people and consume is for them to bite."

"Death maid of the apocalypse, and the blood maid of the end." Eilistraee smiled, looking toward Ellie.

"Cain should give us better titles," Amaya replied, approaching Cain. "Master, can you give me a body?" She asked with a slight bow.

"Yeah, I will get it done immediately," Cain replied, but Lilia kicked him in the nose with her ankle. "You enchant their fingers. I will take care of her." She smiled, pushing Amaya away by the skull.

"Take your foot from my skull," Amaya pushed her leg away, and Lilia smiled, "Do what you like," She sat in front of her.

CLANG! Amaya sat on the floor, "Do it,"

Lilia stared at her, "Care if we tested something first?" She touched her back with a smile, "Can we contest our necrotic magic?"

"Contest? You're not even undead." Amaya replied. She didn't understand the direct meaning of a contest of necrotic magic, but she took it similar to how her previous self dominated Morena.

Lilia smiled, "I'm not undead, for now." Her skin turned blue as a while flame consumed her flesh, leaving only the bones.

Cain panicked momentarily, "Master, what are you doing?" He stood, summoning his staff and attempting to stop her magic.

"I'm transforming into a lich. What does this look like to you?" Lilia looked at him.

"Don't just do it like that! You abandoned life!" Cain wasn't able to stop her.

"Don't worry. I have countless clones. I can get a living body. It isn't the first time I turned into an undead, and it won't be the last." Lilia smiled as her face turned into a skull.

"You can get your life back?" Amaya stared at her.

"Of course. Who said undead can't be alive?" Lilia smiled, "It was Mystra, and I hate that bitch."

"Can you give me my life back?" Amaya stared at her.

"She is right. Can you do it?" Even Cain was interested.

Lilia looked at them, "Of course, I can. A living creature is a mixture of a soul, a body, and a medium."

"I have a soul, and you can make a body, but how do you get the medium?" Amaya asked with a glare.

"Bussiness secret. I will tell you if you become my test subject." Lilia smiled, putting her hands on her boney hips.

Amaya shook her head, "I only serve Master Cain." She replied, "Just give me my life back."

"Shall we contest first? You are mine if I win." Lilia stated, staring into Amaya's eyes.

"You can't sneak it behind me. I won't."

"Shee, you are sharp." Lilia sighed, "Let's just do it."

"No, I won't. Stop playing with words." Thud! Amaya grabbed Lilia by the head.

"You picked up on that as well? You're smarter than Cain." Lilia started clapping.

"Fine. I take everything back," Lilia said.

"No, you aren't taking me back." Amaya grabbed her by the neck bone.

"By tentacles of Cain, can you read my mind?" Lilia stared at her with a shocked face.

"What was that?" Zaleria burst laugting.

"No, I can't read your mind. I have my way of thinking." Amaya replied, and Cain started laughing.

"I get it now," He looked at Lilia, "Can't you guess it, master?" At that moment, Gracie grabbed him by the jewels, "Focus on my nails. It hurt."

"I'm created from thousands of undead. When you say something, everyone hears it." Amaya said, looking at Lilia, "A decent number called out your wordplay."

Lilia smiled, "I see. Thanks for the knowledge. I will give you a customizable body in return."

"What?"

Lilia touched Amaya's chest, "This might hurt like hell. I will use magic to keep you in place no matter what. So get ready."

"Wait, how much will it hurt?"

"Enough for you to change your mind about getting back to life." Lilia smiled, tieing Amaya with magic and locking her in a cocoon.

"Wait, I don't want to get a body if it hurt like that," Amaya shouted at her, but Lilia had already locked her in, and now one could hear her.

"And we start," Lilia pointed her staff at the cocoon with a smile.

After about three minutes, the cocoon opened, and Amaya fell on her face in a humanoid body. She was shaking violently, as if dying, "Come on, wake up."

Lilia splashed her with some water, waking her.

Amaya woke up, but she was still in shock after the agonizing three minutes she went through.

"You can switch between an undead and living body at will. You also change your appearance as hair color, body size, and shape at will." Lilia smiled, helping her sit.