Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Cain looked at Amaya with a worried face, "Don't force yourself. It is the first time you joined a battle of this scale."

"I'm fine," Amaya replied.

"No, you aren't." Cain replied, patting her head, "What would you do if a demon lord appeared? You should rest."

Gracie sat beside Amaya, "Cain is right. Rest for now. She then looked at Elllie, "You as well." She smiled.

Ding! "I have never seen someone with maids around here," A voice rang beside them.

Thud! Without hesitation, Cain swung a fist at the voice as hard as he could. CRACK! The mountain cracked, sending waves across the ground.

As the dust cleared, Cain found his hand caught by a three-eyed little girl, "Cain Lisworth, mother said to see what you can do." The girl said as another pair of arms sprouted from her back, conjuring a long red spear.

Thud! In the blink of an eye, the maids aimed their weapons at the little girl. CLANG! As simply as she blocked Cain's fist, she deflected their blades and smacked them away.

"A demon, the pale night sent you?" Cain flicked his finger, absorbing the maids into the maze and searching for Lolth and Eilistraee. The two were unconscious, far in the field.

'This little shit beat Lolth and Eilistraee just like that? I couldn't even feel them go down,'

"Calling me a little shit is rude. My name is Cecelia. Daughter of the mother of all demons." She smiled, sniffing around Cain, "I smell it on you," Her grin extended from ear to ear.

"I can smell a powerful demon on you," As she focused on the magic stuck on Cain, she quickly reached the shape of Kayden, glaring at her with Kali behind his back.

Cecelia burst laughing, "A demon lord, no demon demi-god. Mother hates Kali and Ashura. She won't like him. Can you guide me to him?"

"What? No, it's here that you die. And your mother is next," Cain clenched his fist with divine magic.

"Mother seems to fancy you. She will approach when she feels like it. All she asked me to do is beat you to death." Cecelia grew a total of twelve eyes, and her demonic aura exploded.

BAM! Cain made the first move, kicking her in the face away from the mountain. Tch! Drip! His leg started bleeding as the demon bit his ankle off.

CLANG! As Cecelia stood with her face dripping with Cain's blood, she stared at him with a grin.

"That little girl's appearance is just for show, monster," Cain growled as his leg healed.

"Humanoids find it hard to hurt their children. That's what mother said." Cecelia said as she disappeared and swung her spear at Cain. CLACK! With an upward kick, Cain deflected the spear by kicking the shaft, "Aren't you demons the same?"

"No, Mother eats the weak children. We demons won't repeat human mistakes and halt our evolution by allowing the weak to survive." Cecelia swung her spear and smacked Cain on the head.

When She thought Cain was taking a sold hit, she got kicked in the face again.

"You're insane, and so is your mother." Cain stared at her. This time he protected his leg with a barrier.

"All demons are insane, and our life is harsh." Cecelia stood laughing, "We children are cruel, Cain. And this wasted land is our paradise."

Cain smiled, "Red sun."

"What?" Cecelia stared at him.

"Red sun over your paradise," BAM! Golden rays of the glorious sunshine pierced the clouds and sent down a blood-red glow. The demons slowly retreated to the shadows, out of sight.

Arid winds blew across the mountains, giving flight to the demons to run away.

Cecelia stared at the red ball of flames falling down, her skin sizzling from the heat. "What is that?" She gasped as Cain opened his arm, walking forward like his father.

"A big meteor, do you like it?" Cain smiled.

BAM! Cecelia turned around, flying away as fast as she could. That thing is dangerous. CRACK! Before she could make it far, Cain stomped her head to the ground.

BOM! Cecelia didn't bother attempting to resist. She instead dug directly into the ground, going as deep as she could to escape the disaster.

Cain teleported away to watch the meteor blow the whole mountain range. "The only thing you demon can't understand is that people can be stronger than you even if they seem nice." He smiled, "And who said I would have a problem killing you if you looked like a little girl?"

KABOOM! A bright white light flashed across the massive mountains as the red fireball burned everything to the ground, lifting the dust and ashes higher than any demon could hope to reach.

CLANG! A spear flew toward Cain at an extreme speed. He deflected it with his palm as the time around his body was slowed with [time slow]

"Finally showed you true form, that's more attractive, you know?" From the ash, a half-burned woman stood, glaring at Cain with her eyes darting around.

Brown hair, red eyes, and black nails, "You're a monster." She growled, "But this is your end," She pointed at him.

"I like this look of yours more. And to make you even uglier," Cain fell down, landing in front of her.

Thud! Cecelia swung her claw at Cain's neck, attempting to cut his throat. CLAP! He caught her wrist and swung his hand up, snapping her elbow.

CRACK! Cecelia's arm immediately healed as she kicked Cain between the legs with enough strength to send him flying. ZON! Cain teleported directly behind her and gave her a solid backhand to the ear. As her body spun around, he attempted to smash her spine with an elbow to the back that sent her rolling.

TUCK! TACK! With two kicks on the ground, Cecelia's body spun around, and she landed upright, summoning her spear, [Rite of Passage]

Red sparks exploded from the spear tip into a storm of crimson flames, incinerating everything in its way.

Thud! Thud! Thud! Cain rushed across the flames as if it was nothing, swinging a fist at Cecelia's face, "The inside of one of my wives feels warmer than this. Put more strength into it."

Cecelia opened her mouth, biting his fist off. CRACK! She stopped the ground, swinging two fists at Cain. One he blocked with his forearm, and the other hit him in the face. BA! BAM! BA! BAM! BA! BAM! BA! BAM! BA! BAM! BA! BAM! BA! BAM! BA! BAM! BA! BAM! BA! BAM! BA! BAM! BA! BAM! BA! BAM! BA! BAM! BA! BAM! BA! BAM! BA! BAM! BA! BAM! BA! BAM! BA! BAM! BA! BAM! BA! BAM!

The two exchanged strikes across the burned wasteland, killing more demons by accident than the meteor. "Who taught you to fight?" Cecelia growled.

"Your mother taught you to be a demon, and my father taught me how to fight with my hands." Cain smiled, grabbing her by the hair and kneecapping her face over and over.

"RED FLAMES OF THE ABYSS!" Cecelia screamed, causing her spear to explode. The blast sent Cain away.

Thud! Cecelia stood there, her body burning from head to toe. She stared at Cain with a smile as her body cracked, "Why do we fight? Why do we bother living when we can always be replaced?" She took a step toward Cain.

"Mother can always give birth to more of us. Even now, more demons are born," She pointed her hand toward Cain.

"I'm not here to answer your questions." Cain stood, glaring at her, as he said in a calm voice, "That's what you get from living as an expandable resource to others."

"I see, I hear, and I feel," Cecelia waved her hand around, creating a stream of flames, "It all doesn't matter in the end. We demons lived without having a life, and today, I'm thankful to die after I had lived,"

Cain stared at her, weirded by her strange sentence, "Are you okay? Or did I punch a bit too hard?"

"Keep joking," Cecelia stared at him, her body pulsing, "Watch the glory of demons."

Cain's vision blurred as white light exploded from Cecelia. 'What?' Cain gasped, taking a step back.

SWOSH! CLANG! Cecelia rushed forward in a blast of pure white flames, stabbing him with her spear in the torso and unloading all that head directly into him.

"BURN TO CINDER! INVADING OUTER GOD!" Cecelia screamed at the top of her lungs as she used all her power in one last hit, betting everything on it.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"I see," Cain said, looking down at her as his abs clenched down on the spear, cracking it. Cecelia looked up to see his chest move as his arms opened up, divine magic surging in his palms.

"I have a red draconis fundamentum and Inanna inside my body. On top of countless magical enchantments," Cain stated, staring down at her with his eyes glowing with a deep blue arcane light.

CLAP! Cain clamped his palms on her head, crushing it into a paste.

"Damn it," Cain immediately glared into the distance, "Your mother like you after all," The pale night, the mother of all demons, saved her in the last moment by rebirthing her into a new body.