Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Cain looked around him at the ashes, "You didn't even call me." Inanna appeared by his side in the form of a woman of flames.

"This wasn't even a demon lord. It's her daughter." Cain replied. "It would be a problem if I needed to use you in such a fight."

"But if you did, she wouldn't have run away."

"The pale night would have acted earlier." Cain replied, "There was no way for us to prevent this without knowing she was watching."

​ The demons slowly crawled back, staring at the wasted land, "You're still alive." Cain said with a smile, "I need more brains, so sorry in advance." cain lifted his staff, pointing at the sky, [Acid Rain] [Enchanting: Avoid nerves]

"This is just about one percent of what I need." Cain sighed, "I hope the abyss has enough brains to work with."

"Don't drop your guard," Inanna said with a smile, "The abyss is infinite, and the monsters lurking down there aren't something we should underestimate."

Cain nodded, "I know, ancient primordial entities lay dormant. Awaiting the right shake to wake them up from their endless slumber."

Cain teleported back to his girls, seeing Gracie and knocked out with Ellie and Amaya caring for her. Eilistraee and Loth have recovered and were sitting in the corner, depressed.

"Are you okay?" Cain asked, staring at them.

"We gods lost to a mortal, she took us by surprise, but we should have detected her," Lolth mumbled.

"I failed to cut her head off," Eilistraee mumbled.

Cain giggled, "Don't worry about it. I dealt with her, so everything is fine."

Lolth stood, glaring at him, "This might be fine for miss Eilistraee here, but I was a god for thousands of years. And now a kid knocked me off!"

"It's not like you are weak." Cain replied, "You're strong, but you still can't fear mortals." He stared at her with a smile, "You are used to ignoring the signal of anything weaker than a god. That's why she slipped through your senses."

"What did you say?" Lolth growled.

"It's the same with humans. We don't bother with flies at all. Until one enters our eyes when we fly or ride horses, blinding us." Cain stared at her, "Respect the mortals, and keep an eye for anything that moves."

Inanna appeared behind him, "He missed her as well, don't worry about it."

"Don't burn me like that!"

"It's the truth," Inanna smiled, "Your reaction might have been just a bit faster than theirs."

Lolth started laughing, "At least follow your advice."

"At least I'm not the one who got slapped by a mortal." Cain replied, approaching Gracie, "How is she doing?"

"She's hungry," Ellie replied.

"What?"

"When that little girl attacked, Gracie attempted to teleport her away with her shadows but failed. That drained her out," Ellie replied, "I did the same thing, but I kept some to keep me moving." She added with a smile, her fangs flashing while.

Cain sighed, staring at his mana pool, "I still have a lot," He replied, "Let's get out and keep pushing forward." He then walked toward Gracie and touched her belly. VAM!

Gracie woke up immediately, "What happened?"

"Your Mana dropped to 0. I just gave you a bit so you can wake up." Cain replied.

Gracie stood, touching her stomach. GRRWWR! "I'm starving." She said, glaring at Cain like he was exquisite food.

"Let's get out first. I want to watch the battlefield," Cain said, flicking his finger.

Everyone stood back on the top of the mountain, "Did you two blow this place up?" Ellie asked.

"This isn't the same mountain. I advanced our position a bit." Cain replied, staring down, "Look, this isn't the same place."

When everyone confirmed that, Cain lifted his staff and cast a big spell, turning the mountaintop into a bland balcony made of grey stone.

"Don't tell me." Ellie stared at him.

Cain smiled, [Half mansion of Lisworth] it was magic.

Cain took his [Lisworth's magnificent mansion], chopped it in half, and took only the furniture. "This is an open room looking down on the battlefield."

"You want us to do it outside?" Ellie stared at him with a puzzled face. "Does it matter? No one can see us here anywhere. And those who can are going to die soon." Cain replied, smiling, sitting on the bed as Gracie rushed at him.

"Head maid, stop!" Ellie grabbed her by the hip, "You can't. Stop for a moment!"

Amaya approached Ellie from the back as she struggled to hold Gracie, pulling her back zipper down. "You're going in as well," Amaya said, pushing them toward the bed.

"Cain, the demons are climbing the mountain," Eilistraee said, looking down from the balcony.

Cain nodded, "Amaya, can I take control of you for a moment?" He asked, looking at her with a smile.

Amaya nodded with a smile, "You don't even have to ask," No matter how much time passed or how strong she is, in the end, she was still an undead raised by him, and he had control over her.

Cain exerted his control over her power, calling upon all the undead stored inside her shadow using his mana. "Flow down, and kill everyone!" He said with a smile. "KYA!" Bela appeared from the ceiling, falling on her face.

"What happened?" She scratched her head, staring around.

"Sorry." Cain laughed. "I forgot about you." He summoned everything, and that included Bela the lich.

"Cain!" Gracie glared at him, and he kissed her. "Sorry for making you wait," He pushed her toward the bed. He then stared at Bela, "Join in since your here." He smiled.

With a large grin, Bela flicked her finger, causing all her clothes to disappear.

"You're going to do it here?" Ellie sighed, taking her clothes off.

"Can I join?" Lolth stared at them, "You can, and you as well, Eilistraee." Cain replied immediately.

The moment Cain snapped his clothes out of existence, Gracie leaped at his meat, sucking it harder than a starving calf. "Ow! Slowly down," Cain stared at her taking his whole length deep in her throat so fast her forehead banged his hips.

Ellie approached him from the side, slowly licking from the chest and up to his neck, "I can smell it from here," She mumbled as her lips trembled.

Amaya said on his left tight, putting his under beneath her for him to pleasure her. Cain knew what she want. So he kept his fingers full of magic, tingling her very being.

Lolth stared at the three maids covering Cain, "There is no space for us." She sighed, "Move to the side," Bela pushed her away, leaping at Cain. She sat on Cain's hip with Gracie's head below her butt. She cupped Cain's face, giving him a deep kiss.

"There is always space," she stared back at Lolth and Eilistraee.

"What?" Lolth glared at her. Just to see Eilistraee walk forward, "Gracie, leave some space for me,"

"OW!" Cain cried, "Don't move her. She's biting." Gracie growled at Eilistaree with Cain's meat still wedged in her throat. She isn't sharing it.

Eilistraee grabbed Gracie by the hips and curled below her, hugging her from the front, "Keep that for yourself. I will take those." she started sucking on his jewels.

Lolth stood there watching, alone, "Can't you leave some space for me?" She asked with a sad face.

Gracie stared at Cain for a moment as of asking for something, "Do what you want," He replied.

Gracie extended her hand back to her hip, opening her flower wide. She then slowly pulled Cain out of her mouth and looked at Lolth, "Lick me until I'm satisfied, and I will let you take it before me."

"No, I won't," Lolth replied immediately. Quickly stealing glances at Cain.

"You have to lick Eilistraee as well," Cain said with a smile. "No," Eilistaree was the one to object. "Let her do it," Cain asked, and Eilistraee changed her mind. "Fine."

"Aren't you trying to bully me a bit too much?" Lolth sighed.

"Sofia would have done it without anyone asking. You're just slowly." Cain replied, "I will give you want if you do great." Cain added.

Lolth looked down, sighting, "I understand, I understand," She approached Gracie's butt, "Can you give me a fair chance at your life?" She started licking.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"I know you want to have a kid and kill me immediately. But that will never happen." Cain replied, "Did Morena tell you what happened when she tried that?"

"Her kid became a copy of you," Lolth replied, "But I'm a goddess. I can exert some control over my offspring."

"That won't work," Eilistraee replied, "Both of us know we're already a part of him." She pinched Lolth's chest.

"I know," Lolth pushed her fingers inside Eilistraee, "To him, we're like his hands, a part of him." As Lolth was speaking, Gracie extended her hands back and grabbed her by the head, pushing her face into her butt, "Lick harder,"

Bela stared at Cain with a smile, "What are you looking at?"

"Someone avoided all the undead and is climbing here," Cain replied, looking at the balcony.

"What?" Bela gasped.

Thud! A tall, blue-skinned woman landed on the balcony, staring directly at them doing it with a large sword on her back. "A challenger, welcome!" Cain smiled.