Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

The woman stared with a worried face, "I'm no challenger," She mumbled.

"Then what brought you to my domain?" Cain tilted his head to the side to look at her from behind Bela.

"Hey! Cain. We should stop, right?" Ellie poked Cain glaring at his face, "This isn't the time for us to be doing this."

Cain smiled, staring at the woman, "Speak. As you can see, I'm busy. Unless you want to join us,"

The woman dropped her great sword, slowly approaching Cain and the girls, then bowing down, "The undead are about to ravage our city to the north. Please halt your attack."

"You're strong enough to put up a fight. Wouldn't your city's army be able to defend it? Why surrender like this?"

"We saw your fight with Cecelia in the distance. We will never raise a weapon against someone with your power." The woman bowed deeply, keeping her head on the ground.

"I already stopped the attack, but you don't expect it to be free, do you?" Cain looked at her, "You look like a moon Oni by your look."

Cain inspected her. The woman was around ten feet tall, mildly muscular, with two long fangs and one large Horne on her forehead.

"You're right. What should I call you?" The woman slowly lifted her head, staring at Cain with red eyes.

"The mad god Cthulhu, the name is Cain." Cain smiled, "Those are my maids, and those two are Lolth and Eilistraee."

The woman looked at Lolth vigorously, licking Gracie and Eilistraee, taking her time with the jewels. "The spider and sword goddess?" The woman gasped, "We did sense multiple divine presences, but to think it's like this."

"Then speak, what do you intend to pay? I have more use for your people dead than alive." Cain stared at her, "Can you shift that?"

The woman stared at him worried, "No, we can't," she looked down, "We can't possibly have anything to interest a god. We only ask for your mercy and offer anything we can."

Cain started thinking about it, "What could I use you for," He looked up, "Can your people use magic?"

The woman's face paled, "Sorry, we can't." she mumbled, "We're mostly warriors."

"Do you worship any god?"

The woman's face turned paler, "We worshiped Ashura. But lately, we switched to his daughter, Kali." She explained, "Please, give us another chance. I promise we will prove useful for you."

Cain looked at the sky, closing his eyes, "Kali, Can you hear me?"

The woman froze. Her bones shuddered when she felt Kali's divine presence appearing. Of course, gods can talk with each other. How didn't she think of that?

[Cain-chan, what do PIKYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!] Kali cried when she looked down, [Don't call me when you're doing it!]

"Come on. You're a god. Do you want me to believe this is the first time you have seen such a thing?" Cain sighed.

[I won't deny it, but it's still surprising, especially when it's someone I know. And I can't spy on you like mortals.] Kali replied with a cheerful voice, [Did you need something?]

"Is there a need for you to ask? I'm talking about those Onis." Cain looked at the woman.

Kali thought about it for a moment, [Kill them all, as painfully as you can.] she said with a rumbling voice, bringing death upon the woman facing Cain.

"Hold up! What are you doing?" Cain protected the woman from Kali's smite with his divine aura.

[When father fell, they switched to Talos.] Kali growled, [They only returned to me after I defeated Talos.]

"They worship you now, aren't they?"

[They are. But I would have informed you about them earlier if I cared.] Kali growled, [Do what you like with them. They can call Talos for help if they want,]

Cain stared at the woman, "This is bad. Even your goddess abandoned you. Hold a moment," Cain looked at Gracie as he emptied a load into her throat. He kept going for a while.

"How much do you have?" Eilistraee asked, seeing Gracie swallow constantly.

"Enough to fill a lake." Cain replied, "Remember how large my real body is?"

When Gracie finished, she took it out of her mouth and smiled, staring back at the woman. "Kali, can you hear me?" Gracie said with a smile.

[What? I won't accept them back,] Surprisingly, Kali replied to Gracie through Cain.

The woman knew Cain was a god, but she could also tell that Gracie was a mortal, a mere maid, a servant. Yet Kali responded to her, which was unheard of even between priests.

"Can I have them then?" Gracie smiled, "I'm sure Cain won't mind as well."

[You're a mortal. Do you want to take believers?]

"I see. I get it." Cain smiled, "Do you want to take Glasya's place,"

"Can I?" Gracie looked at Cain, and he patted her head, "What do you think, Kali,"

[They are yours, but you don't have a divine domain yet.]

"They can pray to you and Cain instead for now," Gracie replied with a smile.

[I did send a decree to their church with all they need to know,]

The woman stared up, shaking, [Garnora Floran, don't look at me, but at her.] Kali's presence disappeared, and the woman looked at Gracie with a terrified face.

Cain scratched his cheek, "It seems you lot worship my maid now." He stared at her, "This is a reason for me not to attack,"

Gracie stood, pushing Lolth and Eilistraee back and Bela to the side. She then slowly grabbed Cain's meat, putting it inside in one go.

"You said you would let me go?" Lolth stared at her with a sad face.

"I said after I finish," Gracie replied, extending her right leg up, staring at the woman(Garnora), "Lick it,"

"What?" Garnora gasped, staring at her.

"You too, Lolth." Gracie stared at Lolth, and she acted immediately. She grabbed Gracie's foot, sucking in her toes.

Garnora slowly approached Gracie after seeing Lolth committed. Gracie handed her the second foot, "You're starting to like that." Cain said, giving Gracie a deep thrust.

"You got the succubi to do it first," Gracie stared back at him. Cain then kissed her, quickly increasing his speed. Ellie And Amaya joined in the kiss, sticking their tongues in the middle as Gracie growled at them.

"Does this mean the city is safe?" Garnora asked, looking at Gracie.

"I already stopped the undead, and right now, they should be protecting the city from other demons. You don't have to worry about them." Cain was the one to reply.

It didn't take Gracie a long time to reach her limit, shuddering as she splashed all over the two below her. Cain slowly lifted her to the side with [Telekinesis], and Lolth rushed in to take her place. "You said it was my turn, right?" She glared at her.

Lolth grabbed Cain's flesh with a red, excited face, about to push it when she noticed Cain smiling.

"Come on, Can I please put it in front?" She looked at Cain with a smile, "Pretty please?"

"You have the choice," Cain looked at her, "Do it how you think it's a good thing."Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Lolth thought about it for a moment and then sighed, pushing Cain's flesh in her ass, "Didn't you want in the front?" Cain stared at her, smiling.

"I'm not risking you," Lolth sighted, "I will never ask again. Just do it when you feel like it."

Cain pulled her toward him, kissing her, "You're getting tighter. What's the problem?" He smiled, thrusting faster and faster.

"More," Lolth mumbled as her hips trembled, "I didn't hear you."

"Do it faster." Lolth cried, "I like it like this,"

"I like you like this," Cain whispered in her ear, "You're a part of me. I know what you like and fantasize about. Just give up." Cain pulled his flesh from her ass and pushed it in the front, but Lolth rushed in to put it back in her ass.

"Don't stop!" Lolth cried. In the last thrust, Cain extended his length a bit and emptied a heavy load inside her. Her hips jolted as she fell on his chest, trembling.

Cain pulled his dripping flesh from her, looking for the next one with a smile.

Garnora Looked at Cain's flesh, slowly approaching it as if she wanted something, just for Bela to push her away and take the whole thing in her mouth.

Cain stared at Garnora with a smile, "Want to go?" He asked.

"Can I?" she stared back with a purple tint on her face.

"Did you think you're leaving without joining in?" Cain stared at her with a smile, snipping his finger to blast her clothes away.

"You can really read minds," Garnora bowed down, kissing his foot, "Mad god Cthulhu, I'm in your care." she said with a smile, "But I shall no dare step over anyone else," she grabbed Ellie foot, kissing it which caused the later to panic. "What are you doing?"

Garnora then grabbed Amaya's foot, giving it the same treatment before going to Bela and Eilistraee.

Cain stood, Pushing everyone away and laying Bela on the bed on all four.