Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"Master!" Bela moaned, shaking her rear. "Come on. I can't wait,"

Cain grabbed her butt in his hands, inspecting the two white mounts, "Look at you," He said, slowly inserting two fingers into her, "It's still tight."

Bela looked back at him with a smile, "I do keep it in shape with magic,"

Cain ruffled her inside, slowly getting her trying to get her loose a bit. "Master, please put in," Bela extended her hand back, grabbing his shaft and jamming her butt toward his hips.

Clap! Cain smacked her but, bending on her back and whispering in her ears, "Be patient," He then turned around, "Ellie, Amaya, come here." He called the two to sit by his side.

Ellie opened her mouth, extending her tongue and sucking on Cain's lips while Amaya aimed for his nipple while rubbed his shaft with her hand.

Cain grabbed Bela's butt, shoving all his length in one push. GRWAA! Bela cried, her face resting on the bed. "Master, it hurts a lot. But don't stop," Her body started shaking.

Cain grabbed her from the back, rubbing her stomach, "I see. I'm over your limit." He said, tickling her nipples, "You would die from that if you weren't undead," Cain said without moving.

"I know. You almost tore my womb open, but it felt amazing," Bela mumbled, feeling Cain pull out slowly till the last bit and then make another powerful thrust.

GRWAA! Bela cried as a pure white spring rushed from her. She could feel each thrust deep into her bones, "More," She mumbled,

Cain grabbed her by the neck, pulling her head toward him, gently pushing his tongue deep into her mouth, "That was just two thrusts,"

Without finishing the sentence, Cain did a third powerful thrust without warning her. Bela's body jolted as she read climaxed a second time, "How did Gracie take this," She said with her hips shaking.

Cain pushed her flat on her stomach, whispering in her ears, "I used a bigger one for Gracie," BAM! BAM! BAM! AH! AH! AH! Bela climaxed on every thrust, each one harder than the last. She might be undead with infinite stamina and durability, yet her mind slowly got exhausted from the constant stimulation.

When Cain unloaded inside her, she passed out from the pleasure, leaving a strange smile on her face.

Cain pulled out of Bela and looked at the maids, "Who of you is next?"

Amaya and Ellie stared at each other, "Rock, paper, scissors!" They swung their fists with passive faces.

Ellie: Scissors.

Amaya: Paper.

"I won!" Ellie celebrated while Amaya stared at her palm with a sad face. "Come, you lost fairly."

After just a glance, Ellie approached Amaya cupping her face, "Remember the day you broke that vase at Willam's mansion?" Ellie said, smiling, "Lisa spanked me the whole night till I couldn't sit properly for days. It all got wiped on me,"

AGUH! Amaya looked to the side, "I forgot about that,"

CLAP! Ellie gently hugged Amaya, clapping her butt, "I will forget it as well. And let you take Cain first if you make it up for me. I did take that personally,"

Amaya looked at her, "How can I do that?"

Ellie smiled, cupping her chest, "Just do what I say for a while," She walked Amaya toward Cain, who was watching with an interested face.

"Lay on your back," Ellie said, pushing Amaya down, "Master, here she is ready,"

Cain stared at them, "And what will you do to her," He asked. "This, if you don't mind." Ellie sat directly on Amaya's face, rubbing herself on her. "Lick, and suck." She said with a shaking voice.

Amaya lifted a thumb up, "I can do it," she spoke, breathing directly into Ellie and causing her to shudder.

"If both of you are fine," Cain smiled, lifting Amaya's feet and spreading her legs apart while kissing Ellie, who sat ahead of him. "Get ready. This might hurt," Cain rubbed his shaft on the outside before slowly pushing it inside. He could hear Amaya growling beneath Ellie's wide butt, but she didn't signal him to stop, so everything was fine.

Unlike Bela, Amaya didn't climax on each thrust.

AH! Ellie cried as Amaya found her good spot, "Slowly down," she cried. Cain pulled her face toward him, kissing her as he thrust forward. Slowly after, he pulled Amaya's soles together, getting a deeper thrust while he and Ellie licked them.

Slowly, Ellie shifted from licking Amaya's toes to licking Cain's neck, smelling the hot blood in his veins. Cain noticed her hunger, pushing one finger into her butt.

"You can bite if you want," He whispered in her ear while his finger tickled her inside, "But expect a rougher outcome,"

Ellie's body shuddered at his words, and a grin covered her face, "That would be my pleasure," She kissed him, slowly going down to his neck and biting the biggest vein she could find.

"Don't worry about anything," Cain whispered to her, "I have more blood than you can drink, and I'm a god. So you won't get rejected by the sun."

Cain kept thrusting into Amaya until the three of them reached their limit, "AH!" Ellie moaned, clenching her hips on Amaya's face until spring flooded.

AGRA! Amaya growled, moaning as she reached her limit, suffocated by Ellie's soft flesh. Cain thrusts as hard as he could, filling Amaya's insides to the brim as her body jolted.

"AH!" Ellie sighed, moving from Amaya's face, "Are you all right?" She asked, looking at her.

Looking back, Amaya opened her mouth, filled with Ellie's fresh juices, and then swallowed it. "We're even now," She said with a smile.

"Of course not! Why did you swallow that?" Ellie stared at her, confused.

Amaya stood, "Wasn't I supposed to do it?" She looked at her with a confused face.

"No, you aren't," Ellie gasped.

"It tasted a bit strange but sweet. I don't mind it," Amaya grabbed Ellie, putting two fingers in her and then licking them. She then put two fingers inside herself and licked what Cain left inside, "But this is far better,"

Ellie stared at her for a moment before turning toward Cain, "Shall we start?" She coughed.

Cain kissed her, "Regret doing that?"

"I don't know," She whispered, going down to suck him dry, "Let me have taste, and I will tell you,"

Cain stared at her, "Is that what you're stuck on?"

Ellie gave him a long lick, looking at him confused for a moment and then taking the whole thing in her mouth, "I do like it," She scratched her chin, "Strange,"

"What gotten into the two of you?" Cain looked at her. But then noticed Eilistraee sitting at the side, glaring at him, "I will give any treatment you want. Can you please wait a bit?"

Eilistraee sighed, "Do what you like,"Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Cain shifted his attention back to Ellie. [Telekinesis] He flipped her upside down, "Tap me if you want to stop, make a thumb up if you want me to go harder."

Cain started licking her while thrusting his hips going deep into her throat. Ellie lifted him a thumb up. He thrust with his entire weight. "Amaya is right. You taste a bit sweet." He said with a surprised face.

TAP! Ellie tapped him, so he stopped, "Are you okay?" He asked, pulling out.

"Yeah," Ellie replied, gulping down, "Can we go with something else?"

"Of course," Cain replied, opening her legs and rubbing his meat on her. She used her hands to open herself up with a smile, "Please come in,"

Cain kissed her, smiling, "Do you have anything to say?"

Ellie paused for a moment, remembering what he said earlier and staring to the side, "Oh," She scratched her chin, "Can we not?"

"We're doing it," Cain kissed her, "Now, say it, or no more blood outside of your time,"

Ellie stared at him with a red face, gently touching his meat with her hand, "It's too big," She then grabbed Cain's neck and Kissed him.

"Master," she looked at him with a red face, "Please ravage my ass, don't stop until you're satisfied." She slowly closed her mouth and Cain's hand.

Cain immediately started thrusting into her without a moment of rest, causing her body to jolt and writhe as she moaned, yet he kept a mental note on her, making sure she is feeling good as well.

Garnora stared at them do it while sitting beside Eilistraee, "Say, can I ask you something?" She asked.

Eilistraee looked at her, "What is it?"

"You're a god as well, right?"

"Yeah, is that a problem?"

Garnora Shook her head, "No, no," She looked to the side, "It's nothing,"

Eilistraee stared at her, "Speak up,"

Garnora jolted, "I know it's rude to ask, but I heard gods can grant mortals power..."

"Want me to grant you power without worship?" Eilistraee stared at her.

"No, I wouldn't dare." She looked to the side, "I know it's not my place to ask,"

Eilistraee stared at her, closing her eyes for a moment and consulting with Cain's brains. All his mind said was to do what she wanted.