Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Eilistraee smiled, looking at Garnora. "This is going to be fun," But then, she frowned, "Seriously?" Cain sighed, looking into the distance.

"What is it?" Garnora gasped, scared of Cain's raging divine magic.

"A dragon is attacking Cain's home city," Eilistraee growled, standing up. "Cain, send me to take care of it,"

"No need," Cain replied, "I'm not weak enough to be bothered by that. I will deal with it from here," He stared at the sky, his eyes flashing blue.

***

In Furberg. BOOM! A massive red dragon exhaled at the [Prismatic dome] protecting the city. "White mage! Get out!" The dragon roared, "I can be here to challenge you!"

Leon rushed out on his horse, quickly reaching the outer wall to watch. Amaya's zombies stood no chance against the raging inferno of the dragon. "Can't we call Cain?" He stared at one of his subordinates.

"Sebas said that Cain should feel any damage happening to the dome. He's coming." The soldier replied with a worried face, "I'm not that familiar with dragons, but that one is big,"

Leon sighed, "I don't think it's ancient. We might be facing something bigger," After running it through his head, "This might be a trap," It clicked in his head.

"What do you mean?"

"Someone is trying to bait Cain out." Leon stared at the soldier, "This dragon could have killed us,"

"Should we tell Sebas about it? Have him tell Cain to stay away?" The soldier gulped. Leon stared at him, smiling, "You want to die to protect him?"

"He saved our lives once. I'm fine gambling my life for him." The soldier pulled his sword, pointing it at the dragon.

CRACKLE! Black clouds blotted the sky as thunder roared, "What did you do?" Leon glared at the man.

"Nothing, I swear," The soldier cried.

[I HAVE GROWN TIRED!] A booming voice roared in the sky, crackling like thunder as the wing pulled trees from the ground.

"Cain?" Leon gasped, glaring at the sky gaping with a black crack.

Sebas and the maids looked up, "Master,"

"Show yourself white magic!" The dragon roared, unleashing a breath toward the sky.

Everyone hid behind the walls, "Hide if you value your lives!" Leon shouted, curling behind some barrels. He knew Cain was about to blast the whole place.

[I HATE HAVING TO RESPOND TO YOUR PITY TRICKS. LEARN THAT NO MATTER HOW MUCH OF YOUR KIND COMES, YOUR PLANS WILL NEVER SUCCEED] Cain growled, his voice crackling with a divine boom from the sky as tentacles sprout from the ground, entangling the dragon.

"Where are you? Coward!" The dragon roared, unleashing a breath at the ground and burning the tentacles. KABOOM! The entire city shook from the explosion, "They started!" Leon screamed.

[ISN'T THAT RIGHT? LIZARD!] Cain said with a passive voice, ignoring the dragon flying toward the sky.

The wind howled, pulling the dragon back to the ground and stripping the forest. CRACK! He smacked into the ground, rolling.

CRACKLE! The dragon regained his balance and glared up, "Come out!"

BAM! The black sky suddenly flashed golden as a divine light fell, blasting the grown alongside the dragon in the blink of an eye. BOOM The whole forest exploded, sending debris to the sky and raining them down.

A warm light followed the destruction, growing the forest back with a gentle breeze. [COME AT ME IN PERSON...cough! Caugh! Master, are you okay? He some water! I'm okay, just not used to speaking like this...]

Sebas looked up, "Ellie? Amaya?"

"Aren't those some of his maids?" Even Leon recognized their voices, "Yeah, that's the undead one," One of the guards said, scratching his head. The higher up in the command chain knew about Amaya protecting the city with her army.

[AHEM! AS I SAID. DRAGON KING, I KNOW YOU SENT THIS ONE. COME AT ME IN PERSON, OR ARE YOU SCARED, LIZARD.] The voice cut off as the sky cleared as if it was nothing.

The entire population of the city stared at the sky, confused. They knew it was Cain, but what in the nine hells was that light? Then they saw a priest crying, "Are you okay?"

"That was a divine smite!" The priest lifted his hands to the sky, "The holy light of a divine being reached our land!" He shouted. SMACK! Another priest smacked him, "You worship Chauntea, remember?"

"But the people need to know," The priest stared back at him, "That was a divine light! The white magic is no longer a mortal. He's a GOD!"

The priest glared down, "That's but pity magic tricks...is what I want to say." He sighed, looking up, "But that was the power of a god,"

"Who are those who spoke? Angels?" The priest glared back.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"Like I know," The other one cried, "As him, if you want,"

The head priest of the church walked out with a smile, "You two, calm down," He looked at them.

"Head priest!" the two gasped,

"Even if he reached divinity, that is a good thing," The priest lifted his hands, "A new god is born, and he's protecting Chauntea's people. A new ally to her eminence is a cause of celebration."

Two of the sisters looked at him, "Are you serious?"

The head priest stared back at them, "Of course," The priest smiled, "Send a letter to the lord's house. We need to make this a special day."

***

Cain sighed, clearing his throat. "Speaking like that is painful," He gulped down a water glass.

"Take it easy," Ellie looked at him from below.

Lolth stood, cracking her neck. "You're an amateur at that. Use magic to amplify your voice." She looked at him with a smile.

"I see," He looked at her, "I will keep that in mind next time." He then turned back to Ellie. His meat was still inside her back end.

"Sorry for the cut," He smiled, bending down to kiss her.

"What are you talking about?" Ellie smiled, locking him in with her legs, "It's our city you protected,"

Cain smiled, pulling out of her butt and jamming it in the front. "AH!" Ellie's body jolted, and she bit down on her lips, "Be gentler,"

"I know, just relax," Cain whispered in her ear.

"It hurt," Ellie said, looking him in the eyes.

"Take a deep breath, and relax. I still haven't got fully inside." Cain tickled her bosom with his lips as he slowly pushed inside.

"You reached the deepest part," Ellie replied, "No, there is still some space,"

Cain slowly pushed everything inside, giving Ellie a moment to catch her breath, "Look, it fits,"

Ellie stared back at Cain, pushing on his face with her foot, "It hurt, you know?" She then smiled, locking him by the hip. "Don't stop. Start moving."

***

Eilistraee watched the two of them from the side. She then noticed Garnora staring at her, "Sorry, almost forgot." she smiled. "What kind of power do you want?" She asked.

Garnora jolted, sitting straight and staring at Eilistraee, "I honestly didn't think about that," She giggled, scratching her cheek.

"Do you like to dance?" Eilistraee looked at her, grinning, "I can teach you one thing or two,"

Garnora looked at her, confused, "Would a dance help with fighting?"

"It's sword dance. You won't find someone better than me to teach you." Eilistraee smiled, "But there is a catch, an always."

Garnora gulped, "What do you want,"

"Multiple things," Eilistraee smiled, "I want you to be fully obedient when you are here,"

"Is that all?" Garnora smiled, "I will do as you say,"

"That includes orders from me, Cain, and anyone else with him except Lolth for the time being." Eilistraee smiled, seeing Gracie approach them.

"What are you two talking about?" Gracie asked with a smile.

"You must have heard us," Eilistraee looked at her, "You have strong hearing after all."

Gracie smiled, "It's not like Cain doesn't let us make choices. It's that we most of the times get him in trouble if we did," Gracie sat down, "But we save him some time," She patted Garnora's head, "We want to keep that balance,"

"I can understand," Garnora replied, and Eilistraee nodded, "I'm happy you understand. We will start training at a later date."

Garnora paused for a moment, "Training? I thought it was a power that you can grant,"

"I can grant you the power, but you need to learn how to use it," Eilistraee looked at her, "I also need you to learn how to dance for entertainment."

"What?"

"You will understand later," Eilistraee stood, "It's my turn. Follow me," She looked at Cain as he finished with Ellie.

Garnora stood, walking behind Eilistraee as they approached the bed, "You brought her with you?" Cain asked with a smile.

Eilistraee patted Garnora's back, looking at Cain with a grin, "I can do how I pleased, right?" She smiled.

Cain nodded, "Of course, that what I said earlier,"

Eilistraee looked at Garnora, "Are you ready?"

Garnora nodded, "Do as you please."