Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chad sighed, sitting in the elvish plaza and watching the clouds pass. "Chad, are you okay?" Evelyn approached him with a smile.

"I'm just bored," Chad replied, "I want to return to Cain. Staying around him is much more fun."

"We also need to go to hell to free Asmodeus," Evelyn sighed, "He's an important piece of the world balance,"

"Getting to him won't be easy," Ariel walked toward them and sat beside Chad, "If he's stuck, then getting him out is almost impossible."

Chad looked at her, "You're right. Someone with his strength should be able to break free from anything.

"Unless the one who jailed him is much stronger." Evelyn stared and sat beside them, "His prison isn't something we can easily break,"

CLACK! Sylph landed beside them, "What are you talking about?" She asked with a smile.

"Just what to do from now on." Chad replied, "I'm bored and was thinking of having a trip to hell,"

Sylph pinched her forehead, staring at him, "Going to hell just cause you're bored?" She sighed, "I'm going to the slave market. Care to join?" She asked with a smile.

"To what?" Chad stood, staring at her.

"The slave market, it's like an auction. Never heard of them before?" Sylph pointed back with her thumb, "Aster should be there already. You might find something useful as well,"

"Slavery is bad," Chad said, looking at her face.

"Depending on what we're talking about," Sylph turned around, "I already banned the humanoid slavery around the kingdom, even though most people hated that."

"Then what can you get there?" Chad approached her, "A slave market without slaves?"

"They sell more than just slaves." Sylph smiled, "Right now, we're mainly looking for sub-intelligent beasts," She smiled.

"Are you talking about things like unicorns or trolls?" Chad started to get interested.

"That's right," Sylph smiled, "If they can't sell human slaves, they can train goblins and sell them instead. There are words of new mages managing to train undead as laborers and selling them." She smiled, "The world is advancing fast,"

Chad stood, "Let's go have a look then. I do want a horse."

Sylph looked at him, "You might want to look for a mystical mount. Regular horses won't do it for you."

Chad opened his palm. [Find Greater Steed] He summoned the golden spectral horse he had. "I doubt I could find something better than this guy,"

"A ghost horse?" Sylph looked at him.

"I don't know. I never learned this guy's name." Chad patted the golden horse.

"I do know his name," Evelyn smiled, "But you need to learn it on your own, and only then will you be able to use his full power."

Chad looked back at her, "Tell me that beforehand,"

Sylph patted the horse. She could remember Chad's horse emerging on its own when he faced the dragon king in the past life, "How good is he?"

"Almost three times as faster as a horse and can run on air," Chad looked at Sylph. "He can also fight if needed,"

"Then you're better going with a unicorn, for now. Those things are faster and stronger." She smiled, and Evelyn laughed.

"I can't imagine you riding a unicorn into a battle. Those things are pink and white and flash with a rainbow light." She kept laughing.

Ariel stared at them, "They are holy creatures with a great affinity for good magic. I can see why they would help a paladin, but they don't fit Chad's look."

The horse looked at Chad, snorting, "Neigha!" Chad patted his head with a smile, "What is it? Don't worry. I won't change you."

"Let's go," said Sylph.Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

As they walked across the street, the people opened a path between them, whispering as they saw their queen walk between them without any guard.

"Your majesty!" Two guards approached them, "We've been looking for you everywhere. Please allow us to escort you back to the castle." They said, saluting her.

"I won't go back now." Sylph replied, "Head back, and I will return later,"

The guards looked at each other, "But, your majesty, the place is dangerous." They don't know where the dragon king is, so an assassination is possible. "Can we ask where you are heading? For safety."

"The slave market," Sylph replied.

"That's more dangerous," the guards gasped, "Please reconsider returning to the castle. We will bring you any item you wish to buy."

Sylph sighed, looking back at Chad, "Please excuse me for a minute," she bowed gently, flicking her finger.

Sylph and the two guards disappeared as a plant swallowed them.

Thud! The two guards fell onto the sold ground, confused, "Where are we?" One of them asked.

"One of my domains," Sylphs said from behind them. "What did the head captain of the royal guard say last month?"

"Guard the southern gate?" One of them mumbled, and Sylph glared at him. "He said, keep the hell away from Sylph and obey her orders." Sylph glared at them.

"No!" One of the guards panicked, "The head captain will never address you without honorification,"

Sylph smiled, "I was the one who told him to say that. I even punished him for not finishing the sentence," Slyph approached the guards, "That crazy queen will torture you if you did," she smiled, finishing the sentence.

The guards looked at each other, "Why did you call us here?"

Sylph smiled, "Face on the ground and extend your hands, now." She growled at them.

The guards did as she said. Sylph approached them, stomping their hands with her heel. "Do you think you can protect me?" she growled as one of the guards screamed.

"But, your majesty, it's our duty." The guard cried.

"No, it isn't." Sylph stomped his other hand, "Your job is to protect the people and maintain order. You can't protect someone if you're weaker than him. Drill that into your minds!" She kicked him in the face.

"Your majesty. Even if we can't provide much. It is our job to die protecting the royal lineage." The second guard said.

Sylph glared at him with her eyes glowing red. CRACK! She stomped his right hand, drilling a hole with her heel.

"Your job is to get alive to your family, not die meaninglessly like an ant." She stomped his hand again, "How many times do I need to tell you, idiots? I'm not the one you need to die protecting." She kicked him in the face, sending him rolling away.

"Protect the people since your families are there. I can protect myself." Slyph sighed, turning away to leave.

"Your majesty, please wait," One of the guards barely stood up, "Why do you act like this,"

Sylph glared back at him, "That's none of your business. Keep following me, and I will make sure you regret it." She flicked her fingers, sending them back to the castle, and Sylph appeared before Chad and the rest.

"Sorry for being late."

Chad looked at her, "Did you finish with them?" He asked with a worried face.

"Yeah, the idiots think they can protect me," She sighed.

"They will die in vain," Chad looked back at Evelyn and Ariel.

Evelyn smiled, "With two angels and you, who need more protection?" She looked toward Chad and Sylph.

"Let's go," Sylph said and walked toward the auction.

"Have you seen Lilia lately?" Chad asked.

"She's flying across the world trying to locate the Tarrasque and the dragon king," Sylph replied.

"Didn't she already find him?" Evelyn asked with a puzzled face. The Tarrasque wasn't known to move a lot without causing damage.

"She did," Sylph replied, "But sadly, she expanded the divine energy she got from Cain in a fight with Mystra." She sighed, "Now she needs to find a way to reach the beast without that,"

"Can't she just take more?" Ariel looked at her confused, "Cain is a god now,"

"In her words, the divine energy gets dirty quickly. Cleansing it takes years, if not decades." Sylph looked back, "Cain's divine energy isn't useful to her anymore."

Evelyn looked at her, confused, "Chad's divine energy should be clean."

"I don't know about that. Lilia must have her reasons to avoid using Chad's divine magic." Sylph scratched her head, "If only I could know what she is thinking about,"

"You can ask me!" Lilia appeared from nowhere, "How are you doing?" She smiled.

"Where did you come from?" Sylph glared at her, taking a step backward.

"The ethereal world. I was looking for something when I passed by you." She smiled, sitting on Sylph's neck with a smile.

"Say, can't you just use Chad's magic?" Sylph asked her immediately.

Lilia scratched her head, "Rationally, that would be the best course of action." She said with a worried face, "But no, I won't do it."

"Why?" Evelyn stared at her.

"The amount I need is massive." Lilia looked at her, "And I will only sleep with Cain,"

"Oh, that's the reason." Evelyn looked at Chad, "I can understand it now." she giggled. "But I have a suggestion."

"If It can help, then I'm listening." Lilia smiled.

"I can suck the divine energy from Chad. So...will you be fine doing it with me?" Evelyn gave her a smug smile.

"Hell no, hag." Lilia glared at her, "Hey Chad, hold her horses!" She pointed toward Chad.

Chad approached Evelyn and lifted her up, "Ara! Chad," She smiled, looking at him, "Calm down,"