Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Garnora gulped down, staring at Eilistraee's teasing smile, "What should I do?" she asked.

Eilistraee looked at Cain, "Say. Can I use some of your divine magic?"

"You already own a part of it, remember? No need to ask me about every little detail." Cain replied, almost guessing what she wanted.

Eilistraee closed her eyes, putting her hands together and conjuring her blade.

"What are you doing?" Gracie asked as the wind blew violently, "Eilistraee, what is this?" Ellie and Amaya held for dear life. Lightning crackled from Eilistraee's blade.

"This is my divine domain. We're moving there." Eilistraee smiled, "You're building it from scratch." Cain commented as he felt his divine magic getting drained.

"You let tap into your magic. Don't cry about it now," Eilistraee stared back at him with a grin.

"I'm not crying about it. I'm just replying to the maids." Cain smiled.

"They asked me."

"But we're the same person,"

"Fair enough."

***

In the blink of an eye, they disappeared from the mountaintop, only leaving a ball of pure magic which Cain used to monitor the battlefield.

DING! Ellie opened her eyes to see a vast, dark forest spanning her vision. "Where are we?" She stood, looking around.

Amaya was just behind her, "Probably Eilistraee's domain." she said, looking around, "A dark forest in the middle of a moonlit night?" She mumbled.

"You're right. Let's move." Cain said, appearing behind them with Garnora.

"Where is Eilistraee?"

"She should be on the lake, getting ready to dance," Cain replied with a smile.

After walking a bit, they could see the violet lake.

Between the dark branches and under the silver moonlight, the lake glittered with dots of light akin to gems as the fireflies danced.

Ding! Eilistraee stood naked on the water's surface on her toes, staring at the sky while holding her sword up. Her silver hair glows like ethereal magic.

Her body slowly jerked to life, bending backward as she lifted one leg to her chest.

"Dance of the moonlight, a tribute to the lost souls." She said in a ringing voice. Cain found a sport beside the lake to sit and watch her dance, "Sit, this isn't something you see every day," He said while keeping his eyes on Eilistraee.

"Weren't I supposed to do something?" Garnora whispered to Cain.

Cain looked at her with a smile, "You better watch. As you will dance next." He stated.

Garnora stepped back, "I can't dance to save my life," She cried.

"Then you will dance to save your city." Cain smiled, "Each time you fail, I will take one person."

"You must be joking!" Garnora gasped.

"I'm joking, but please give it a try." He smiled, pointing toward the dancing Eilistraee.

"Those moves are strange." Garnora mumbled while glaring at Eilistraee, "They are fighting moves." Cain replied. "Her dance is a combination of all her moves and stances."

"What?"

"Blade dance is, just as the name implies, a dance." Cain explained, "It reaches that level of power by chaining the moves one after the other."

"I see," It was then that Garnora realized, "She's teaching me that?"

"If you can master it," Cain smiled, "Eilistraee doesn't hide a drop of her power and technic. You're free to reach her level of mastery if you can,"

"Won't a god-like her fear their power being stolen?"

"No, when it relies on pure skill." Cain replied, "I'm the only one who saw her true dance. This dance is not it."

"What is the difference?"

"She is dancing for entertainment now. But in the true dance, she will do it to die, devoting all of her life and strength to reach almost an infinite cycle of slashes."

After half an hour, Eilistraee finally stopped and looked at Cain. He started clapping immediately, and so did the maids. DING! In the blink of an eye, she appeared before Cain with a smile as her eyes flashed with a silver light.

"How was it?" Eilistraee asked in a quiet voice. "I would say seven out of ten. Not your best." Cain replied immediately.

"Is that right? I thought you would say six," She replied with a smile. "It's been a while since you danced like this. You need to get used to it." Cain replied with a smile as he called her to stand before him.

Eilistraee looked at Garnora, "Do you remember the moves?"

"Not one bit," She replied, shaking her hand, "I don't even remember how you started,"

"I see. I didn't expect more than that after all," Eilistraee looked at her, "Stand,"

Garnora stood, giving Eilistraee a terrified gaze, "Can I see it again?"

"No," Eilistraee replied, "Go there and do what you know," you will be punished depending on how much Cain will give you.

"What if I got a zero?" Garnora asked, playing with her fingers.

"I will have you dance till you die once," Eilistraee replied, "And I will lick your feet if you got a score higher than me,"

Cain smiled as Eilistraee said, "Ok! I give her seven, now do it."

"What?" Eilistraee glared at him, "What are you saying?"

"I want to see you do it," Cain replied with a grin, "Come on, Cain. Take the test seriously,"

Cain sighed, "Fine," He looked at Garnora, "I can give you one for a half-decent attempt, so do your best."

Garnora nodded, approaching the lake and looking back, "How do I walk on water?"

Eilistraee looked at her, "I didn't think about that,"

"Come here, I will get it done," Cain called her in and cast an enchantment on her legs to allow her to walk on water.

Garnora looked at Cain when she reached the middle of the lake, just to see Eilistraee vigorously sucking on Cain's meat. "You aren't even watching!" She gasped.

"Don't worry, you be here after you finish dancing, "Cain replied, grabbing Eilistraee by the head and pushing all the way into her throat.

Gracie approached Cain, dragging Lolth with her, and sat beside him, "What are you doing?" Cain asked, and she kissed him, "I still want more," She pushed her tongue all the way into his mouth as her wings extended.

"You're a succubus, after all," Cain smiled, "I should do you until you pass out,"

Gracie smiled, "Excuse me for a moment," She grabbed Lolth by the head, "Open your mouth,"

When Lolth opened her mouth, Gracie spat in it a lot. "My toxin. Cain, you take it?" She said with her eyes glowing pink.

"It's nothing I can't..." Lolth wasn't pleased with Gracie spitting in her mouth, but she was ready to boast about her resistance. But her vision suddenly blurred, her body started aching, and her knees shook.

"What is it?" Gracie smiled, glaring down at her.

"I...can't..." Lolth mumbled, her mind unable to work, "What am I to you?" Gracie asked with a smile.

"Mistress, my everything," Lolth replied with a red face and a horny glare.

"Your toxin has reached a new level. Even a goddess can't resist it." Cain replied, smiling, "Said the one who took it without flinching," Gracie replied, licking his chest as she pushed Lolth to lick her.

"You're the one who taught me feeling and granted me the power to reach this. You have to take responsibility." She stayed stuck to him.

Lolth could wait to start slurping on Gracie's flower. The toxin has scrambled her mind harder than any spell should face.

Gracie then stared at Ellie and Amaya, who stared at them from the side, "What? What me to give you a kiss?" She smiled, letting her nature take over.

"Hell no!" Ellie waved her hand, sitting to the side. "I would consider it if not for the poison," Amaya said.

Ellie looked at her, "She can't control us without that. Just look at Lolth,"

"I can charm you if you want," Gracie said, pointing out that her toxin isn't her only way of controlling people.

"I'm a vampire and can control people with my glare. Do you think you can beat me?" Ellie smiled.

"A vampire charm against a succubus, even I don't know who would dominate." Cain looked at them with a smile, "You, of course," Gracie replied, "Even now, I can feel your tentacles wrapping around my mind."Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Cain laughed, "You can feel it?"

"Of course, everyone here is under the mercy of your charm." she smiled, "I bet that only Sofia could resist it,"

Ellie looked at Gracie, "Let's see who wins,"

When the two glared at each other, their gazes clashed, "Come on, beg for it," Gracie said with a grin.

Ellie went on her knees, opening her mouth, "Please give me your spit!"

CLICK! Gracie flicked her finger and released Ellie immediately, "You lack experience when using your charisma. I learned it by staying the succubus for a while."

Ellie looked at her hands, shaking, "I lost." She mumbled, "I didn't even know when the charm started,"

AH! Eilistraee stood after getting her to fill from Cain, "You were already charmed by her," She said.

"What?" Ellie gasped.

"All of you maids are already under Gracie's spell," Eilistraee explained.

"Since when?" Amaya looked at her.

"I won't tell you," Gracie smiled, "But I can release you if you want," she smiled.

Ellie and Amaya looked at each other, "The wives are under her charm as well. A layer of protection under mind control," Eilistraee explained, and Cain looked at the maids. "You can't be mind controlled if someone else is controlling you."

"Why don't you charm us directly?" Ellie looked at him.

"It's layered. My charm is above Gracie's." Cain replied, "Don't like it?"

Ellie shook her head, "No, I'm fine with it." She replied, "Me as well," Amaya added as well.