Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chad sighed, staring up at the wall of the slave market with a confused face. "This place is bigger than I expected."

Sylph smiled, "They had to make it bigger to accommodate all the new monsters inside."

"Chad! Are you there?" Aster waved her hand, calling them from the front door, "Of course, I'm here," Chad sighed.

"She can't see you from there," Sylph explained. The whole place is locked inside an ethereal realm. The beasts won't escape to the city.

"She can sense your divine magic," Lilia replied, sitting above Sylph's head.

"I see." Chad replied, "How long are you going to stay here?" He stared at her.

"Just an hour or two. After that, I will leave again," Lilia smiled, "I called an army of constructs from Mechanus to do all the searching."

"The what?" Aster stared at her.

"The Nirvana, Mechanus? Never heard of it before?" Lilia stared at her, confused.

"Of course, I didn't!" Aster glared at her, "I can't possibly know as much as someone like you,"

"Then let me explain it briefly," Lilia smiled, "It's the plane of pure neutral, inhabited by sentient iron golems and constructs. It's a world ruled by pure law and logic. No one there is evil or good. They are only logical."

"That doesn't sound good," Aster stared at her.

"They are a bunch of golems premade for me to hijack and control. They can't even get angry at me if I gave them a half-decent reason." Lilia smiled, "Ah! I lost this key who can help the kingdom thrive, so I kidnapped a thousand of your people to search for it." Lilia said, pretending to be a little girl, "Reason analyzed, demand accepted," Lilia then replied to herself in a strange voice, "Those things are easy to manipulate." She explained.

Ariel pinched her forehead, "Hold up, you're messing with Mechanus? What about the cosmic guards?" She glared at her.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"The inevitables?" Lilia stared at her and then flicked her finger. ZON! A doll in the shape of an elvish woman wearing a maid outfit appeared out of nowhere, "GAIA, can you explain what you are to them?"

The maid turned toward Evelyn and Ariel, "My name is GAIA, an inevitable tasked with killing the laughing tornado for breaking the cosmic laws. After a detailed investigation, I determined it would be more protective for me to serve her instead." GAIA replied with a bow.

"Hold up, wait?" Ariel and Sylph glared at her, "You keep an inevitable around?" Ariel gasped, "What about the other dolls?"

Lilia looked at GAIA, "Explain everything in detail."

"The other dolls are my sisters. We all reached the same conclusion." GAIA stared at Lilia, "We all determined that pleasing Lilia in any possible way would be far less destructive than attempting to kill her."

Lilia smiled, leaping from Sylph's shoulder to her doll, "As you can see, they prefer to work under me than fight."

"I can't believe that. Even the gods can't negotiate with Mechanus's law." Evelyn stared at her.

Lilia smiled, pulling on the doll's face, "They start a fight with me, I will blast Mechanus first, and there will be no law. They suck my toes, and I leave them and their law alone." Lilia stared down at the doll. Isn't that right?

"She's right, but this doesn't apply to the high guards." GAIA replied, "Those inevitables don't care if the world ends or falls into chaos," She explained.

"How many of them had you and your sisters killed so far?" Lilia asked.

"One thousand, nine hundred and sixty nines ones. The last one stopped functioning this morning." The doll replied.

"This is the first time I'm hearing of this. Since when?" Sylph glared at Lilia with a confused face, "You could have had them protect the kingdom."

"Yes and no. Primus is finicky to deal with." Lilia sighed, "Those can only protect me. For them to protect something else, multiple conditions are to be met,"

"Like what?" Sylph glared at her, "Just tell me?"

"To be frank. I need to care enough to break Mechanus for it." Lilia sighed, staring at Sylph, "The elvish kingdom in and of itself isn't something I mind losing for the bigger picture."

"So even if the kingdom turned to ash. You're fine as long as you achieve your goals?" Sylph glared at her.

"Yes, and I'm with you as long as you are on my side." Lilia smiled, "There is nothing more important," She smiled.

GAIA looked at her, "The individual named Cain Lisworth, the current Mad god, is subject to be protected at all costs." She said in a monotone voice, "The algorithm determined that his loss will lead the laughing tornado to go on a catastrophic rampage,"

CLANG! Lilia punched GAIA in the head. Denting her skull, "Can you shut up, scrap?" She then immediately fixed her with some magic, "What is Cain doing now?"

GAIA's eyes flashed blue for a moment, "I will send the image directly into your head. It's a sensitive material,"

Lilia's eyes flashed as she saw Cain going crazy with the girls in the abyss, "He's conquering the abyss," she smiled.

Sylph scratched her head, "What should I do to make you protect the kingdom with the inevitables?"

Lilia scratched her chin, "I need some elves for experiments. Can I pick from the capital as I like?"

"No," Sylph replied, "I can't let you touch innocent people,"

Lilia sighed, "Fine, I will think of something else." She then stared at the slave market, "Can we enter?"

Chad glared at them, "I've heard enough. Let's see it," He walked in the front, leading them inside, where the woman owning the place greeted them.

The young woman rushed toward Sylph, "Your majesty. We're please to have you in our establishment, you and your honored guests." the woman shifted her head, looking at Chad and the rest, but her eyes stopped at Lilia. Her face paled, and her knees started to shake.

"Where is your father?" Sylph asked, but the woman was frozen.

"I killed him," Lilia stated from the back with her eyes glowing red, "Even after the bane of slavery, he kept trading with them in the black market, and what made it worse, he didn't care where they came from or if they were elderly or children."

"You killed him without telling me? Without a trial?" Sylph glared at her, and Lilia smiled, "Why do I need to do that?"

"How did you even know about him?" Sylph glared at her.

"I was in the black market looking for some slaves myself." She smiled, "Even after the ban, some had to still be for sale." She grinned, "I would have ignored him if he sold legitimate slaves and not kidnapped people."

"You're in the game as well!" Sylph sighed, "Fine, but what now?"

"His daughter here will be leading the auction and supplying me with what I need. I believe you won't mind it this way?" Lilia stared at the woman.

"Do what you want, but next time tell me beforehand. I promise not to try and stop you," Sylph sighed, staring at her.

Everyone walked toward their seat in the VIP room. Chad sat between Aster and Ariel while Evelyn decided to sit on his lap. He didn't mind her, so that is what they did.

Sylph sat on her pre-prepared royal chair while Lilia sat in her doll's lap in the front, "Call the owner for me!" Lilia glared back at the guards, and the woman rushed in.

"What might you need, Mistress Lilia?" She rushed with a terrified face.

"Do you have any work now?" Lilia asked with a smile.

The woman sighed in relief, "No, everything is already prepared. But I will have work if a problem occurs."

Lilia nodded, "Then sit in front of me. I need someone to give me a massage."

The woman rushed in to massage Lilia's feet without a moment of hesitation, "Listen," Lilia whispered to her with magic, "I need some items. Bring them to me." She handed her a small piece of paper.

"Is there anything else you need?" The woman asked with a smile.

"Want me to tell Sylph that you're the one who dealt with elvish slaves and not your father?" Lilia whispered to her.

The woman froze. Her face worked mainly with human trafficking while she dealt with the elvish ones. Lilia killed her father not because of that. But because he spoiled a deal she was getting for Lilia.

"Please don't. I will make sure to get you all the elves you requested." The woman said, sneaking a kiss into her foot.

"You're surprisingly obedient for one of the people on that list," Lilia smiled at her, "But don't worry. This time, none of you will get hurt." She smiled.

"What is the worst that can happen to us?" The woman asked.

"I need you to teach people into another plane," Lilia smiled, "The worst is that you won't return here ever again. But live comfortably there."