Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Cain stared at Garnora in the back, "Did you finish?"

"I did a while ago," she replied. "Then come here!" Said Cain as he was still doing it with the girls. Garnora approached them and stood by the side, watching.

Cain grabbed Eilistraee by the arms and drilled her ass harder than before. Garnora could see her front dripping. This has been going on for a while.

"When is my turn?" Garnora found herself asking loudly. Cain and Eilistraee stopped, "Aren't you eager?" Eilistraee smiled, waving a finger at her, "Come closer.

Garnora approached them, terrified, "Sorry for asking. I shouldn't be interrupting you." she apologized, and Eilistraee smiled, looking at Cain and then standing up.

Eilistraee approached Garnora and pushed her fingers into her crotch, kissing her, "It only happened once or twice, but Cain like seeing us like this," She smiled.

Garnora stared at her.

"Go, it's your turn," She smiled, pushing her toward Cain.

Cain smiled, staring at her. Garnora was taller than him as she stood ten feet high. "What should I start with?"

Gracie approached Cain, "Cain, use her fully," she said, standing beside him. "She can't go without experiencing everything."

Cain flicked his finger, and they returned to the top of the mountain. He then looked at Garnora, "Your score is one. At least you tried."

Gracie grabbed Garnora by the head, "What are you waiting for? Start sucking, and don't take it out of your mouth without his permission." She said, pushing her to sit.

Garnora sat down, looking at Cain's flesh for a moment before opening her mouth and swallowing the whole thing. He grabbed her by the head and started moving. Gracie kissed him while toying with herself. Amaya and Ellie stood there watching while Lolth sat beside Eilistraee.

Lolth stole a glance at Eilistraee, "To think the two of us are sitting in the same place, naked like this," She growled.

Eilistraee smiled, grabbing her palm, "And what do you think of it? It's better than us trying to kill each other."

"No way, I will never give up on killing you and concurring the drow," Lolth exclaimed.

Eilistraee smiled, wrapping her hand around Lolth's neck, and fondled her chest. Lolth immediately stared at Cain, "Can you stop?"

Eilistraee smiled, "You can't help it."

Lolth sighed, "I know he likes women and that his mind is influencing us. I asked if he can stop it."

Eilistraee hugged Lolth, "Listen, we're a part of him." She whispered in her ear, "Using us is no different than using his hand. How about you give up?"

"I will never give up," Lolth growled, "I'm not like you,"

"Come on," Eilistraee stared at her, "Just this one time. Allow his mind to fully override yours."

Lolth glared at her, "Never!"

"Accept it," Eilistraee smiled, "That's the only way out,"

Lolth sighed, "Fine, fine!" She glared at her, "Stop nagging at my head,"

Eilistraee smiled, "See? It wasn't that hard. Now tell me, what are you?"

Lolth closed her eyes, "Lolth Lisworth, a mere part of the great Cthulhu power." She then kissed Eilistraee, "Like this?"

"That's it," Eilistraee stood, "Cain, Morena, Gray, and I now have full access to your brain. We know everything and see everything."

As the two goddesses kissed each other, their divine magic merged as they got inside Cain.

Cain felt it, Eilistraee's power becoming one with Lolth's magic, This was his signal to finally start trusting Lolth, and she gave in completely.

Cain flicked his finger and summoned them again. The two stood before him as if nothing happened, "Lolth, what do you think now?" He asked while hammering Garnora.

Lolth bowed down, "I'm sorry for all the trouble I caused so far. Please count on me from now on." Cain could sense Lolth's mental stats. She was finally at ease.

"Stand there and watch," He said, pulling Garnora's head away from his meat.

"Did you like it?" He asked.

Garnora smiled, "Not at all," she sighed, "How much can you ejaculate?"

Cain smiled, "Enough to burst your stomach open. Now stand," She stood, towering over him.

At that moment, Cain's body started stretching as he grew taller, reaching her in height and then exceeding her. twelve feet tall, he glared down at her and everyone else, "You're a giant?" Garnora gasped.

"No, I can control my size." Cain smiled, "This body is fake after all," He grabbed her by the shoulders and lifted her up, sitting her on his hips.

"It has grown bigger," Garnora said, worried as she looked at his meat.

"Lift your hips and take all in a single thrust. You do it," Cain stated as he relaxed.

Garnora stood, putting the tip at her entrance, and then took a deep breath, "Here I go." Closing her eyes, she used all her strength to squat down, "AGRAAA!" She growled as his meat stretched her apart, "AHH!" She took a deep breath, "Start moving," Cain said staring at her, "You need to fill all of your holes,"

Garnora started moving while growing, it was both pleasing and agonizing to take such a big hunk of flesh. After a while, she stopped, "I can't, move." She stared at him,"

Gracie glared at her, disappointed, "Move away!" She growled at her.

Garnora stared back at her, "It's too big," she said.

"I told you to move."

Garnora stood immediately, "What do you want?"

"Sit and watch," Gracie climbed Cain and stared at his face.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"Should I get smaller for you?" He said, but at that moment she kicked him in the face. Gracie's face was red, and her eyes flashed pink, "No!" She cried, sitting on top of him.

Gracie smiled, licking her lips, "First the tentacle room, and now this," She lay on his chest, licking his nipples with a grin on her face. "I like with even more now," She stood, pushing all of his girths inside, inflating her stomach. GRAAAAA! She cried, tearing up as her legs started to shake, "It's too much for you," Cain said, trying to stop her, but she stepped on his face, pushing him down. She was climaxing over and over from the massive thing inside her.

"This is the best," she smiled, her tail extending and her wings flapping. Cain could feel his consciousness failing, "Gracie, stop," He growled as she lost it for a moment. He could Ellie and Amaya spacing out and walking like corpses to lick her feet, even Garnora crawled to his side.

"GRACIE!" As he growled, Cain lost conciseness under Gracie's charm.

After a while...CLANG! A hunk of steel landed beside the bed, staring at them. Moving like a zombie, Cain continued to hump Gracie while Ellie and Amaya licked her feet and Garnora sat on her face.

"What are you doing?" GAIA asked, "Lilia sent me since she felt Cain's aura disappearing, did you kill him?" She asked.

Gracie didn't reply, they only kept going at it.

"I repeat," GAIA growled pointing her arm at them, "Cain Lisworth seems to be still alive, please release him before I start the elimination process."

"HAAA!" Gracie moaned, "Who are you?" She stood, pushing Cain to the side with a grin.

GAIA glared at her, "I see, you aren't Gracie." Her arms flashed white, "Glasya, you dominated her mind."

"You can tell? Scrap?" She smiled, "I'm the goddess of all succubus, I could pull a trick like this from time to time," She smiled, approaching her.

"I'm not like that spider idiot who couldn't hide her mind from him." She smiled, "I even avoided that elf bitch by masking myself as Gracie." She lifted her palm,

"I will start the elimination," GAIA said in a monotone voice, lifting her arm and blasting the whole place. Gracie (Glasya) flew to the sky and created a scythe in her hand, "To thin Lilia had her hands on an inevitable. What did that midget have you do?"

​ "Wash her body, lick her feet, and wash her clothes. She also used us as punching bags when she got angry." GAIA replied, "But that is is none of your business,"

CLANG! Gracie swung the scythe at her but GAIA blocked it without a problem, grabbing her by the arm and tearing one of her wings.

GRWAA! Gracie growled, "Just kidding!" She smiled as her wing grew back, she rushed forward and Kicked her in the face.

As GAIA's body rolled on the ground, she immediately blasted back up and punched Gracie. "I'm here to kill you and save Cain, All until the help can arrive,"

"Inevitables can move freely between dimensions, nothing beat your speed." She smiled, "But that means that help will only take longer to arrive,"

As the two fought, Cain, Ellie, Amaya, and Garnora sat in the rubble.

BAM! BOM! BAM! BOM! The two blasted away, turning the mountain range into a wasted land, and all of that continued into a light fall from the sky. Stomping Gracie in the face, "Calm down, girl!" The woman growled.