Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

CRACK! Gracie(Glasya) smacked into the ground, staring at the woman who kicked her, "What are you doing here, sea bitch," she growled.

Umberlee glared down at her, "Here to help an ally. Is that a problem with you?"

"You were threatened by him as well. What do you think you're doing?"

"Me?" Umberlee smiled, "I'm doing the right thing. Do you think your petty trick will hold him for long?"

"He shall never wake up, and you will follow him to the grave. As a god, the slightest mistake can spell your doom, and that idiot will learn it the hard way,"

TICK! Umberlee landed a fair distance away, "Cthulhu will soon wake up, or should I say, the mistress inside is pissed off." She looked back at Cain with a grin.

When Glasya stared toward him, she could sense necrotic magic dripping from his body, "That dracolich!" She gasped, feeling Morena taking control of Cain's body.

"Damn it!" Glasya growled, leaping toward Cain as fast as she could. CLANG! Umberlee summoned her trident, smacking her away. "Nah!" She said with a grin, "Let her wake up. You're going to have a bad day."

"Move away!" Glasya growled.

"In your dreams," Umberlee smiled, cutting her way again, "You're only advantage is taking over Gracie's body, but Mistress will care less."

Glasya smacked her hands together, opening a gate to hell, "All of you, come out!" As she screamed, swarms of incubus rushed out like raging wasps. She then turned to run away to hell. SPLASH! Umberlee summoned a massive wave, sweeping the incubi away with a smile, "Why are you running? You're a goddess, right?"

Glasya didn't listen, leaping into hell. ^I need to hide,^ CLENSH! She felt something grab her ankle, pulling her back to the abyss, "Who is it?" she looked back and saw Morena glaring at her dead in the eyes.

"Get out of her body," Morena growled, blocking the gate with a compressed wall of acid and necrotic magic.

"Damn you!" Glasya summoned a spear, stabbing Morena in the face. CLANG! Morena caught the attack with her teeth, smashing the blade.

"Cain only let me use my power, but now I can freely control all of his might." Morena glared at her. "Mind if I showed you the horrid might he never use?"

"What are you talking about?" Glasya cried,

[Enchanting] Thousands of magic circles covered the sky as hordes of devils, demons, horrid monsters, and angels flew in. "I summoned Eilistraee's and Lolth's angels, the demons and devils worshipping him, and even the flesh demon lords he ate."

The sky flashed with a red light as tens of meteors appeared out of nowhere, sitting still while burning red. "Would you raise your hand against the might of such a monster?" Morena grabbed Glasya by the neck.

Umberlee gulped, looking around at the armies watching down, "Umberlee, nice call." Morena looked at her, smiling, "I would have skinned you alive had you betrayed Cain."

"You know I would never betray him," Umberlee gasped, but Morena glared at her.

"Sorry, I did think of betraying him for a moment. But I made the right choice." She replied, and Morena smiled.

"That's how I like you,"

BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! Glasya started punching Morena relentlessly, but she didn't budge.

"Give up," Morena growled at her, "I enchanted my scales and bones. I can even tank father-in-law punches."

Cain never went overboard. Since he got strong enough to be confident, he started optimizing his fighting style. Cain used the bare minimum amount of MP needed to guarantee a win. He respected Eilistraee and Lolth's powers and never abused them.

Morena is different, she called everyone, and by the nine hells, they better come immediately. Every angel working for the two goddesses felt her presence, and she forcefully pulled everyone out.

"What exactly are you?" Glasya cried, kicking Morena in the guts.

Morena didn't budge an inch, "I'm the dragon sleeping beneath the primordial monster. The creeping doom." THUD! She grabbed Glasya by the head, "Let's get you out of her first, and then I will dive into hell and tear your domain into shreds,"

Struggling like a fish, Glasya caught Morena's wrist, trying to escape. "Two souls in one body. Good Luck that I'm a necromancer. Moving souls from one body to another is my job." ZON! Glasya's body flashed with divine light, burning Morena, "I'm still a goddess. Your necrotic body can never stand against holy light."

The divine light flashing from Glasya burned the angels flying around and fried the demons on the ground, Yet Morena just stood there, staring down at her with glowing yellow eyes.

"Why aren't you burning?" Glasya cried.

"A holy light from the like of you? You must be joking," Morena sighed, "I don't want to punch Gracie, so get out of her body," CRACK! BAM! With a divine explosion, Morena pulled Glasya's soul out of Gracie.

"Iron Maid, Umberlee, take care of her," Morena said, glaring at the ghostly figure of Glasya.

GAIA and Umberlee caught Gracie, checking her body for any damage, "Her soul is clear," Umberlee sighed in relief, "But Divine and necrotic magic has mixed into her body," GAIA analyzed her body, "She absorbed some of Glasya's power,"

Umberlee inspected her closer, "A godling, she is approaching demi-god status." She smiled, staring at Morena, "Kill that bitch! Gracie might absorb her portfolio!"

"I can't kill her until we find Asmodeus," Morena replied, and Glasya smiled, "But I can seal her into a rotting corpse where she will suffer till that time,"

"What?" Glasya gasped, flying away in her ethereal form, "Come here," Morena caught her, "You gods are hardy. Even your souls can survive like this," She smiled.

"Let go of me!" Glasya growled.

"Sorry, I'm not Cain!" Morena pulled her soul, trapping it into one of her zombies, a limbless half-mummified corpse, and then sealed it inside her body.

SWOSH! Lolth's angels, the Yochlol, flew toward her and bowed down, "Lady Morena, what should we do?" Their leader asked.

"Fly across the abyss and conquer the whole thing, massacre anyone who opposes you, and minimize the damage to our troops." Morena stared at them, "And don't forget to use the succubi and earth devils to your advantage,"

"As you order," The angel replied, "But where are you going?" She asked as she saw Morena peek through the hell gate.

"Cain will stay unconscious for a few moments. I will do some of his jobs in the meantime." Morena transformed into her draconic form, glaring down at the abyss.

"I can feel it from here. Levistus is fighting Sofia and the rest. He is winning." Morena growled, "I need to go help them,"

"Should we send reinforcements with you?" The angel asked with a worried face. Levistus wasn't an easy opponent to deal with.

Morena shook her head, "No need. I can create an army there." She glared at them with glowing golden eyes, "You better concur a good chunk of the abyss while I'm down there.

Morena then leaped across the portal into Malbolg, "This one blows Stygia. I need to dig up," She glared at the red, dusty sky.

FLAP! Quickly she flew toward the sky, smacking into the ceiling between the layers and digging like a zombie getting out of his grave.

***Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Facing Levistus, Sofia, Alice, and Selena had been slowed down by the bone-cracking cold. Only Sofia could move naturally with her flames, "Stay behind me,"

"No use! Give up!" Levistus laughed, frozen in his ice coffin, "I might be stuck here, but it is the best in this layer," He attempted to freeze them.

CRACK! The ground shattered in the distance, and a horrid roar filled the sky.