Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Meliliana stared at her mother in shock, "What happened?"

Melissa turned toward Gracie, "Is it?"

"Yes, I promised you w have her, and here she is," Gracie said. She then looked at Cain, "Can you pull her out?"

With his eyes closed, Cain lifted his staff, "I don't think anyone would mind now," PING! His hand flashed as a red inscription appeared on Meliliana's back, "You can take her out safely,"

Melissa faced Cain, bowing deeply, "Thanks for giving my stupid daughter a second chance,"

"I wouldn't care less, thank Gracie." Cain turned toward the other cubus while Melissa thanked Gracie before taking Meliliana out.

"What did you do?" One of the cubus asked with a puzzled face.

"Freed her from hell," Cain replied, "That was a permanent summon spell,"

The cubus stared at each other, "You summoned her out?"

Cain stared at them, "Of course, I don't intend or restricting her freedom too much." Cain walked toward the corner, "I will be monitoring her, and she won't be able to refuse or object to me or any of my wives. I also set it so that she will feel pain in proportion to how much Gracie likes her." Cain stared at Gracie, "The more she makes you angry or uncomfortable, the more pain she will feel. And the less, the better for her,"

Alice smiled, "That should keep her in check,"

"What should we do now-nya?" Selena looked around, "This place looks uncomfortable."

"We should stock up on some things before venturing down to Maladomini. That lair isn't any better than this one."

"The deeper we go, the more disgusting and ugly it gets," Sofia said, looking out the window.

"This is hell, after all. We can't expect gardens and roses," Alice said with a wry smile.

Cain then stared at the succubi, "Bring me a pen and paper. I do have some things I need you to fetch. I also want a room and a bath prepared,"

The succubus leading them bowed, "Do you need me to prepare some cubus for you as well?"

Cain glared at her, "Prepare everyone at all times,"

The succubus bowed immediately, "Sorry for my rudeness. It won't happen again."

"That would be for the best," Cain said, sitting on his chair.

The succubi left the room, leaving only two behind, who stayed in case Cain or the girls needed something, "Let's see now," CLICK! Cain flicked his finger. Both Meliliana and her mother, Melissa, appeared before him.

"Did you two reach an Understanding?" He asked with a passive face.

Melissa bowed deeply, "Master, I can promise you this idiot daughter of mine will atone for all her deeds and more."

Gracie stared at them, "It isn't a matter of atonement. It's a matter of what you will do in the future."

Melissa looked at her with a smile, "Of course." She then grabbed Meliliana by the head and pushed it to the ground, "Speak!"

"My master Cain, please accept the absolute submission of this one," Meliliana cried, "Lady Gracie, you're my mistress. I apologize for everything I did and wish you punish me for it to your heart's content."

Gracie glared at her, "As long as you're obedient," she sat beside Cain.

CRACK! Cain felt the ground shaking, and that didn't sound pleasant. "What is this?" He looked around, trying to sense the area around the fortress. Selena noticed the two maids standing at the door looking worried, so she approached them, "Do you know what it is-nya?"

The maids looked at each other, "The giant Hamos, he always comes here for fun but destroys the walls. Lady Glasya tried killing him several times, but since this is hell, he always came back."

"Found it!" Cain smiled, "Is that a troll-oger? Or is it a zombie titan? It looks gross."

"They say it's a giant named Hamos-nya," Selena looked at Cain, and he smiled.

"I heard them," Cain replied, lifting one finger up with a smile, "I don't care if he came for fun, but breaking the walls is another story," Cain closed his eyes, and the two succubi maids fell on their knees feeling the magic flowing from him.

"Ninth tier? No, it's more than that!" one of them cried, crawling back.

Hamos stared at the sky, seeing a massive ice spear flying toward him at a tremendous speed.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"He should stay frozen till the end of times," Cain smiled, a blue flare gushing from his eyes.

The succubi maids stared at him, "What are you?"

"Me?" Cain smiled, "The mad god of spell casting."

A few hours passed, and Cain sat in the bath, relaxing. "This never gets old,"

"Sir, are you really okay being here?" An incubus said while bowing. Cain stared at him with an exhausted face, "There aren't that many bathes around here, are they?" He sighed. Glasya filled the place with men's baths. That is what she cares for.

The girls are washing in their room upstairs with the maids. Alice did as him to keep an eye on them with magic due to the dangers of the place.

The incubi stared at Cain, puzzled. Their charm meant nothing to him if face he gave them a strange feeling. A true god sat there, and it wasn't abusive like Glasya was. They kept whispering, and Cain took his time spreading his [Arcane eyes] Across the whole fortress and the forest.

"Say," Cain stared at them, "Are any of you interested in migrating to the abyss?" This was the reason he came here with them in the first place.

"Leave hell?" The incubi stared at him, confused, "I don't think that place is any better," One of them asked.

"There is a kingdom of succubus there. Lolth cursed them to that form." Cain explained, "I'm using my tentacles to feed them across the whole place, but I need some people to increase the population." He lifted his hand and turned his fingers into a sprout of tentacles.

Cain is a god. He can't just create thousands of demi-god children all over the place, "Want to go have some fun there?"

The incubi stared at each other, "You want us to live in a succubus-only kingdom? And impregnate as many as we can?"

"What do you say? Want to serve me?" Cain smiled.

"Of course! OUR LORD CAIN!" They shouted, excited to check the place.

"But there is one thing I need to warn you about," Cain stared at them, and one of the incubi smiled. "You don't want us to touch the queen, the royal court, and anyone related to them."

"You're smarter than I thought." Cain smiled, "Yep, those are managed by me alone. Touch them, and I will hang you by the jewels." Cain stood, stretching his arms, "And one last thing," He glared at them.

"What is it?"

"Remember the black-haired maid who came with me?" Cain asked.

"That powerful succubus? Her aura is almost as oppressive as Glasya,"

Cain nodded, "Yeah, I want to start worshipping her. Pray to her each day. I do want to make her a goddess in Glasya's place."

"The new goddess of the cubus." They gasped and then smiled, "Count on us. We didn't like Glasya anyway."

***

After a while, Cain left the bath with a smile and headed toward the room. Inside he found the girls sitting around a table, reading some books. For a moment, that looked normal until he noticed something strange. Gracie was using Meliliana as a chair, Melissa was teaching Sofia something, and Alice had a succubus maid massage her legs under the table. Only Selena looked normal until he saw her munching on raw meat hiding behind her book.

"How are you girls doing?" He asked.

"Been better," Alice smiled, "The service here is a bit lackluster, I would say."

"You have someone massaging your legs," Cain sighed, but Alice stared at him, "Klara is better than this one by miles."

"Why is that?" He sat beside them, looking at what the cubus got him.

"Klara has studied it, and she knows how to massage. This one here is just squeezing her hands," Alice replied, poking Cain with her legs.

"I would ask her to give me a massage when we get back," Cain sighed, "Or I can ask her now," He closed his eyes, "Ok, she said yes."

Cain flicked his finger and Klara emerged from nowhere. The succubus in the room took a step back as they felt normal and weak, and a pathetic human appears.

Cain looked at the one massaging Alice and smiled, "This is my maid Klara, please greet her."

The succubus maid stood, giving Klara a gentle bow, "Nice to meet you."

"Klara, can you give me a massage?"

"Of course, my lord. Please lay on the bed and relax as much as you can. I lack the strength to match you, remember?" Klara said, pointing toward the bed.

"I know," Cain laid on his stomach on the bed and started using [Arcane eye] to read the books and [Telekinesis] to flip the pages.

Klara climbed the bed and started by stepping on his shoulders, using all her weight to push in, and barely managed to crack them.

"What do you think you're doing? Stepping on the lord!" The succubus maid growled, and Cain glared at her.

"Where did that come from?" He sighed, turning around and kissing Klara's legs, "She does what she thinks is best." He glared at her.