Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"That's it," Cain stretched like a cat as Klara squeezed his shoulders with her hands. "Where are we exactly?" Klara asked, looking around at the strange furniture and the winged succubus maids.

"The sixth layer of hell, Malbolge." Cain replied, "But don't worry, it isn't that dangerous with me around."

"I see...Hell?" Klara gasped, she knew Cain was going to some crazy places, but she never expected to land in one with him. "Those are devils, aren't they?"

"Succubus. Each of them should be able to wipe the entirety of Furburg."

"You were the one who killed that dragon? Smit him from the heavens?" Klara started thinking, "Just how much stronger are you now?"

"I'm a god, as you might have heard. My power keeps increasing as time passes," Cain sighed, "But things are getting boring. I can power through almost anything," He then stared at the succubus maids, "Conquering this place should take more time and a lot more intrigue than me walking in with Glasya's head."

"This was just like when the Ice Hero passed through in the past," One of the maids sighed.

"Is that so?" Cain stared at her, "How did that go? Care to tell me the story?"

The maid glared at him, "There wasn't much to it. The slayer fell from Stygia and came here seeking rations. But he was nothing like a traveler."

***

In the past, when Silver came to Malbolg for the first time.

CRACK! The sky froze in the middle. Shattering as a humanoid fell from it and landed in the middle of the hair forest.

The man was in his late forties with a bright, almost glowing white color, reminiscent of the ice magic flowing through his veins. He had a close-cropped and sharply defined beard as a scar ran from it to his forehead across his left eye. His glowing, blueish-purple eyes burned with an arcane light that most devils found extremely disturbing.

"AH! AH! My head hurts!" The man growled, standing up and cracking his back. CLANG! A piece of his armor fell on the ground, and he frowned, "This was supposed to last a lifetime, was I scammed?" He sighed, lifting the piece.

Thud! In a single step, Silver created a massive ice pillar below his feet and rose to the sky, "I see a fortress there. Do they have a blacksmith?"

FLAP! FLAP! FLAP! Flocks of cubus surrounded him like bees, "Who are you? Identify yourself immediately!" They shouted, pointing their spears at him.

Silver stared at them, inspecting their skimpy armor, "The heck? Is your blacksmith this shitty?" He then lifted his palm, "My name is Silver. Can I find some rations in your fortress?"

The cubus glared at him, and then one threw his spear at him, "What do you think of us?" He growled.

CLANG! An ice wall emerged ahead of Silver and blocked the spear, "I'm not here for trouble. I know you aren't bad." He stared at them with a passive face.

"What is your goal?" The leader of the cubus growled at him.

"I want to kill Asmodeus." Silver smiled, "I know you are all soldiers forced to fight in this stupid war. We humans also had idiot kings sending armies into meaningless fights."

The cubus leader charged at him, growling, "Shut your mouth! This layer is her majesty, Glasya's domain. Do you think we would let someone attach her father?"

Thud! Silver caught him by the head, "I only got decent hospitality in Averneus. You people here lack manners," With those words, the cubus's body exploded into shards of ice.

"Frozen like this, resurrection is impossible." Silver smiled, lifting his arm. BAM! A chain of ice flew from his palm, latching onto one of the flying cubus, and Silver pulled himself toward him. Thud! A single punch to the chest was enough to freeze the helpless fiend.

"Kill him!" They all charged at once.

CLANG! Ice chains emerged from Silvier's muscular back, pulling his body toward the ground and dodging all the spears. "Your moves are simple. You are cubus, right?" Silver smiled. He used the chains to swing from one tree (They are in the Hair forest, so the trees are massive hair) to the other.

Swosh! Silver flung his body up, glaring at the cubus with a smile, "Can I get some hospitality?" CLAP! Countless ice spears flew toward the fiends, killing half of them.

"You bastard!" The remaining cubus cast [Fireball] on him.

With a gaze, Silver froze all the spells mid-air, "I got serviced once by a succubus of your kind." He smiled, "I admit she was wild, but I would have to say she lacked any resemblance of skill," CRACK! He froze them all and landed on the ground.

"Relying on your charm, you neglect your fighting skills." Silver glared at the corpses. "Rest in peace."

He then walked toward the fortress gate. CRACK! Luckily, they opened the door without him needing to say a word. "HO!" Silver smiled, seeing a succubus standing behind the door, "This way," She pointed with her thumb.

Silver rushed toward, "Look at you! Now, this is what I call beautiful!"

The cubus hiding in the back sighed in relief as Silver seemed to fall for it.

The succubus turned around, and Silver wrapped his arm on her shoulder, touching her chest. She smiled, pleased that her skills worked.

CREEK! She couldn't move, "We're going this way. I know of a quiet place where we could take out time." She stared at Silver, confused as to why he wasn't moving.

"I do need to get my armor and weapons fixed. Should we go to the blacksmith first? I also need some rations," Silver replied with a smile.

"We don't have time for that," The succubus increased her charm, hoping to sway him away.

"Come on!" Hugging her from the side, Silver squeezed her chest harder and harder, reaching with his hand between her legs, "You can wait a bit, can't you," He started walking toward the blacksmith in the distance, dragging her with him.

"Listen to me! Let's head the other way," The succubus cried, trying to drag him away, but she didn't have enough strength.

Silver smiled at her, "You struggle a lot," With a swift move, he carried her on one arm, "Finish work first, chase ass later." Silver said, smiling, "Those are the words of the fighter I admired. We will have fun later,"

the succubus couldn't oppose any longer. Pushing against him further could break her charm if it worked in the first place.

***

The maid stared at Cain, "After fixing his armor, the ice hero dragged the succubus to an inn, where they did it till she lost consciousness." The maid said with a scared face, "None of our charms were working. He walked across the city like his playground, picking any succubus he fancied and using them to his heart's content."

"Glaysa didn't do anything?" Cain asked.

"The plan was to let him have his way while she collected information about him. It wasn't like the succubus hated it. In fact, they couldn't help but wish he picked them."

"That's strange," Klara sighed.

Cain looked at her, "They are cubus, remember? Doing such a thing for humans is bad, but for them is like someone giving them free money." Cain smiled, "If a rich man walked in Furberg approached any woman he liked and give her a gold coin and then left." Klara scratched her head, "It's strange, but free money is free money. People would like it."

"That's the same situation, even with her." Cain stared at the succubus maid.

The maid sighed, "As much as I hate to admit it, the only god here before you was Glasya, and she wasn't that funny." The maid sat on the chair, "Before I entered this room, I kept wishing you will push me down." She smiled, "We even had the fight to determine who would be the maids staying with you for that,"

Gracie glared at her, "Cain is mine, hands off,"

The maid looked at her, "I know," She sighed, "Can't you share him a bit with me? I would do whatever you say,"

"We are here as well," Alice glared at her, "That's right," Sofia said with a spark escaping her mouth.

"Even the infamous succubus submits to him-nya," Selena said with her tail wiggling. Thud! she leaped toward Cain, "We're the strongest pride in the world-nya!"

Cain giggled, ruffling her hair, "Is that so?" He then stared at the maid, "What happened later?"

"After repairing his armor and having fun, the ice hero was about to leave but Glasya cut his way." The maid said with a scared face, "One slap was enough to knock her unconscious, and on top of that, he took the succubus she used as Royal guard with him."

Cain scratched his head, "The royal guards?"

"Ten succubi trained by Glasya herself for killing, but they stood no chance against the hero." The maid explained.

"Could they be alive?" Alice asked.Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

"Who knows?" Cain sighed.