Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Cain flipped on the bed and stared at the ceiling, "Next layer is Maladomini. Baalzebul domain," He sighed, "I should probably leave you here."

CRACK! Sofia stood, "Wait, what do you mean?"

Alice stood, "We intended to go down on our own."

"You failed to beat Levistus. There is no way you will survive against the lord of flies." Cain sat and opened his palm, projecting the image of a slug, "This is how he should look like,"

"A slug-nya?" Selena leaped in, clawing at the shiny ball of light.

"Now that we know that devils are the descendant of fallen angels, his powers make more sense." Cain explained, "Baalzebul can control bugs, create undead and brainwash people. He is also a master of fire, light, and lightning magic."

"We can just blast him, can't we?" Sofia stared at him.

"The moment enters the lair, swarms of flies will come to suck our blood dry. If we landed, we would drown in a sea of maggots and cockroaches. If we fought back, lightning would fall from the sky, and an inferno would consume the ground beneath our feet." Cain stood, "This is why I asked the succubus to buy some needed items for me."

Sofia and Alice looked at each other, "If he's that strong, can you beat him alone?"

Cain looked up, "I should be able to," ZON! Morena appeared from his back, smiling, "Even if he couldn't, I would clean after him." She rested her arm on his shoulder.

The succubus maid, who stood beside Cain, leaped back, terrified at the sudden presence. The one at the door fell on the ground, shaking. "A...dracolich?" they gasped.

Morena stared at them, "Hello there, oh! Look who's there, isn't it Meliliana?" Morena smiled, staring at Meliliana, who acted as Gracie's chair.

"You're alive?" Meliliana growled, staring away from her.

"Technically not. I'm undead." Morena smiled, and Gracie stood from Meliliana's back. "We just got her," Gracie said, smiling.

"Good for her," Morena smiled, approaching Meliliana, "I will give you some valuable advice. Be obedient if you want a better life," She patted her head.

"Back to the topic, Baalzebul is annoying to fight. I prefer to go alone." Cain said, looking at Sofia.

"I'm going with you anyway," Gracie smiled, looking at Cain's shadow. "Me as well," Alice walked ahead. She as well could keep an eye on him using that.

"That isn't fair. What about us?" Sofia sighed, "Let him do what he want-nya." Selena patted her back.

"I could take you, but I need to prepare first. That will take a few hours." Cain smiled.

"Really? How?" Sofia stared at Arad, "I will make a room in my shadow to house you, but that will take time since I'm thinking of shoving Tiamat in there." He stared at her. She was a heavy object to carry. It didn't matter if she could make her body smaller or lighter. Inside the shadow, she will be in her draconic form. She had several hundred tons of compressed magic, bones, and muscles.

Cain sat on the bed, "Will spend the night here and embark tomorrow. That will give me enough time to prepare everything."

Sofia approached him, "Should we leave you alone to concentrate?"Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Cain shook his head, "No, I already started. I can still move and fight." He smiled and lay on the bed while hugging Klara.

"Master, the ladies are staring at us," She said, but he shoved his face into her chest. "You have a more mature scent to you. It's relaxing," He mumbled into her chest, "How old are you?"

Klara stared at him, with one of her eyebrows flickering, "You can't just go around asking women about their age." she patted his head, "But. I'm twenty-nine, quite old,"

"Is that a bad thing? I love it like that more," Cain replied, and Klara pinched him, "Shut up for a moment! Alice would give you a spanking if you kept going!"

"They will get old one day. You're just testing the water for them, right?" He looked at Alice. Her eyes were closed, and her smile seemed evil, "You're right." she said.

"Fine," Cain sighed, "But I'm not letting go of her unless you do something." Cain wrapped his legs around Klara's hips, shoved his face into her chest, and tied her with a hug.

CRACK! Sofia stood, "Fine. Will join as well." She said, rushing toward the bed. Alice sighed, "Did you use too much brain power to make the magic and dropped your intelligence?"

Morena stared at her, "You aren't that far from the mark," She sat on Meliliana's back in place of Gracie, "Cain's brain is the combination of hundreds, if not thousands, of brains that he consumed. Depending on which part of them is doing the thinking for him, his intellectual capacity will drop or increase."

Morena smiled, "But he has a lower limit, so don't worry." She stood, patting Meliliana's head, "I should get inside him and act as the main brain. I can't let him freeze like the last time in the dark elf capital." She vanished into the silvery mist.

"Say, do you want to join or not?" Cain called them, and Alice smiled, "Back to normal, just like that." She approached the bed with Selena.

"Aeemm!" Meliliana looked at them, "Can I join? Please?" SMACK! Melissa kicked her in the side, "You dare ask?"

Gracie stared at her. And then at Cain, "No, he's mine." She then smiled. Cain noticed that her grin was more than true. It was coming from the heart.

Meliliana sated at her with a smile, "Is there a way I can join?"

Gracie looked at Cain, "Can you brainwash her? Erase her memories?"

Cain thought about it momentarily, "You want me to do to her? What did she do to you?"

"Is that bad?" Gracie stared at him.

"Honestly, yes. Can't you think of another way?" Cain replied.

Melissa rushed to bow, "Master Cain, Lady Gracie. Please don't listen to this stupid daughter of mine. I will deal with her."

Gracie looked at her, "We agreed that in return for getting her out of hell for you, I can do anything to you, right?"

"Yes, please do," Melissa bowed deeper.

Cain stared at them, "Sorry, but I need to end it here. You two sit there silently until I allow you to move." Cain interfered, "Gracie, you prefer doing it to talking. Come here."

Gracie turned toward Cain with a smile, "Of course!"

The four girls sat around him. Sofia, Selena, Alice, and Gracie, "I will start first." Sofia, smiling, "Selena after me, then Alice and Gracie."

Cain patted her head, "What did you say?"

After looking at his face momentarily, she sighed, "Sorry, Klara, you go first."

"What-nya?" Selena gasped.

"Is that all?" Cain stared at her.

"Sorry, Klara." Sofia apologized, "In bed, we're all equal, and it was rude of me to push you away after you started before us."

Gracie nodded, "She was in Cain's bed before we decided to join. We have to wait for her to finish first."

Klara looked at Cain, worried, "Master, please let them start first. I don't want to annoy the ladies."

"They aren't annoyed at all." Cain replied, whispering into her chest, "Get it going!" Sofia patted Klara's back, "We're waiting."

Klara scratched her chin, "We can all go together if you want?" She looked at Sofia with a quivering eye.

"You asked for it," Sofia smiled, staring at Cain, and threw her clothes away. Alice, Selena, and Gracie did the same. Meliliana was about to strip as well, but Melissa smacked her in the head, "Don't you dare cause me more trouble!"

"But mom! He's a god!" Meliliana cried.

"You aren't getting anywhere near him. Do you want the queen to hang us?" Melissa growled at her.

"Is the queen still alive?" Meliliana asked with a puzzled face. She expected her to be dead since her mother wasn't working as a royal guard.

"That's her over there," Melissa pointed toward Gracie, "She is our queen and future goddess. You better start worshipping her like your life depends on it,"

"She is the queen? Half blood?" SMACK! "How many times do I need to tell you? She's the queen. Stop insulting her."

"GUH!" Half crying with her head smoking, "What about the godhood thing?"

"Lord Cain is slowly turning her into a goddess to replace Glasya." Melissa replied, "You better gain favor with her now, especially with what you did you her in the past."

***On the bed***

Cain sucked on Klara's puffed bosom while Alice and Selena sucked on his nipples. Sofia and Gracie shared sucking his meat since they could.

"Melissa!" Gracie called her.

"Yes, your majesty." Melissa bowed immediately.

"Come lay below me and lick those," Gracie replied, dangling Cain's jewels.

Melissa rushed in, lay on the bed and Gracie lay on top of her.

"Meliliana!" Gracie called Meliliana.

"What? I mean...yes, your majesty." she put her head to the ground remembering how furious her mother was.