Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Gracie stared back at Meliliana, "Stand up straight, arms and legs spread, and don't move a muscle until I tell you."

"Excuse me?" Meliliana gasped.

"You heard me, do it, and don't move." Gracie pointed at her for a moment before going back to sucking.

'Yeah.' Cain thought, 'To a succubus, leaving them out of the action like this is more painful,' He sighed.

"Your majesty, can't I play with myself?" Meliliana stared at them.

"No," Gracie mumbled with Cain's meat in her mouth.

"Your majesty, I want to go to the toilet,"

"No,"

"I will do it here,"

"No,"

...

"AH!" Gracie let go of Cain's flesh and approached Meliliana. "Don't move, play with yourself, go to the toilet, or eat without my permission." She patted her head, "I don't need maids who are obedient," She then approached Kalra on the bed, extending her foot to her.

"Lick it,"

Klara rushed in with over-the-top enthusiasm.

~Hey, are you always like this~ Cain asked Klara.

~I'm just going with the flow. Gracie rarely asks us to do anything besides our job. The most sexual thing she asked us before was to teach her how to shave. That was a long time ago.~ Klara replied on Cain's link.

Gracie stared at Meliliana, "The more disobedient you become, the tighter your chains will be." Gracie smiled, pulling her leg from Klara and Looking at her, "It's your time," She slowly pulled her over Cain's flesh.

"It hurt!" Klara cried. Cain was too big for her.

Cain pulled her toward him, caressing her butt in his hand and whispering to her, "You like it a bit rough, don't you?"

"Not like this," Klara rested her chest on him, "I like to get slapped, bitten, and choked a bit. It is just too big for me,"

Cain sucked on her bosom, biting her nipples as he patted her back, "Okay, here you go," she shrunk his size just enough to fit all inside her.

SLAP! Gracie smacked Klara's butt as hard as she could without hurting her, "Weak!"

"Head maid! I'm not like you!" Klara stared back at her.

Cain started moving slowly, but Gracie kept urging them to get rougher. A part of it was that she wanted her time to come as quickly as possible, and she was the last. He started smacking her with each thrust, feeling her insides tighter with each hit.

"Master, Master! Ahhh!" Klara cried, and her hips writhed as Cain unloaded inside her the moment she reached her limit. Her body fell limp on his chest as a weird smile crossed her face.

Sofia rushed in, pulling Cain's flesh from inside Klara and shoving it down her throat, "My turn,"

Alice stared at her, "It was inside her right now." She said with a frown, "You sure?"

"I don't care," Sofia mumbled without stopping her work, glaring at Alice with one eye.

Alice stared at Cain, "She has a problem," she sighed.

"I don't see any problem," Cain replied, pulling Selena toward him, "It's been a while,"

"Yes-nya!" Selena replied with a smile, and Cain kissed her. Sofia stopped sucking and mounted Cain humping on his meat with an excited smile.

Cain stopped with Selena and pulled Sofia toward him, kissing her neck and chest and then sucking on her nipples as he slowly increased his size, pounding her insides.

"AH!" Surprisingly, she didn't last long. "You done already?" Cain asked.

Sofia giggled, scratching her chin, "We haven't done it like this in a while..." She looked at Selena, Alice, and Gracie with a wry smile. "Can I go for a second round?"

"Go ahead," Alice replied with a smile, nodding. "I Don't mind-nya!"

Gracie stared at her, "Open your mouth,"

Sofia stared at her, "Ah! That!" She smiled and opened her mouth. Gracie cupped her cheek and spat in, "Aphrodisiac. It will help you last longer." she gently closed her mouth, and Sofia swallowed it, feeling the heat rush from her toes to her eyes.

"But, you owe me one," Gracie smiled, patting her back.

"What?"

"Wait until my turn. We can discuss it then," Gracie smiled, liking Cain's chest with Selena.

"AH! AH!" Sofia moaned as Cain hammered her with full force. After a long while, she finally couldn't take it and fell.

It was Selena's turn. Cain stood and asked her to lie on her stomach. She did just that, and he grabbed her butt in his palms, "It's soft, yet hard inside."FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"Nya!" Selena flinched as she felt him licking her, pushing his tongue inside her back end. "Cain! Not there!"

Cain smiled, "You forgot the nya." he went at it harder, Causing Selena to start wiggling like a dying worm. "You like it like this, don't you,"

"Prrrrr!" Selena couldn't even speak. She only lay there panting with a purr mixed in her breath.

Cain lay on her back, resting his flesh on her rear entrance. "I'm pushing in, relax," He whispered in her ears. Slowly pushing inside

"AH!" Selena growled, her feet quivering as he slowly sank into her butt, "AH!"

"AGHAAA!" Cain sighed, grabbing her hands. Alice stared at him, 'This reaction is a bit strong for him...' she looked down to see his flesh missing.

"AG!" Alice gasped. But then saw veins rush from Cain's empty stomp into Selena's butt, pulling his flesh back out, reattaching it.

"Cain-nya!" Selena looked at him, "You can start moving-nya!"

'She clenched her butt and ripped him off.' Alice sat a bit away from them, wondering how did it happen.

Cain pulled out, leaving only the tip in, and grabbed Selena by the neck, "I'm going inside with everything I got. Are you okay?"

Selena slowly turned her head toward him, "Please don't. Use that instead-nya."

"What are you talking about?" Alice asked, looking at them. Gracie seemed to remember something, "Ah! That thing, it was amazing," She smiled.

"What are you talking about?" Alice stared at her.

THUD! Cain pummeled down. CRACKLE! CRACKLE! Sparks of lightning zapped from his flesh, stirring Selena's insides. "AHH!" Selena moaned, "This is it...nya!"

CRACK! Cain stopped, and she ripped him off again. "Hey, are you doing it on purpose?" Cain glared at her, pinning her head down.

"What are you talking about-nya?" She stared back at him with a grin. She was doing it on purpose.

"You asked for it then. I won't stop even if you cried." Cain glared at her.

"That's more like it. Make it like the first time-nya," Selena smiled. She remembered the first time he did her butt.

It was painful, yet she liked it. Selena was a wild beast. And she wanted Cain to do her like one.

Cain poured massive amounts of magic into his flesh, hardening and making it longer and bigger. And with a powerful thrust, he forced everything into her.

"KYA!" Selena cried, holding her claws into the bed sheet while tearing up, "You okay?" Cain asked.

"Don't stop! Go until you're satisfied," Selena cried, and Cain started humping without a sign of stopping as her moans filled the room. The succubus maids standing at the door shook in horror. Each of those trusts could turn their organs into mush. How could that rakshasa make such an ecstatic face while under it?

The maids quickly realized it was only possible with her strength.

"AH!" When Cain finished, he emptied a load inside Selena. And he did a few extra trusts to mix everything. Selena crawled to the side, her but spazzing out as the white cream spilled from her.

Cain took a deep breath and stared at Alice, "Your turn." He smiled.

Alice stared at his flesh, dripping with cream and Selena's juices. She hesitated to do anything.

"What are you waiting for?" Cain asked.

"Want me to clean it with my mouth?" she stared at him, "I don't fancy it like this."

"What if I told you I would do the thing?" Cain said, and Alice's eyes lit up, "Really? Are you sure? Here?" she couldn't contain her excitement.

"Of course," Cain smiled.

Alice grabbed his meat, opening her mouth but quickly pulling away, "I can't do like this," She sighed, staring at Cain, "Why don't you make me do it?"

"Fine," Cain looked at her, and her body froze. He grabbed her by the neck with one hand and started squeezing. SPLASH! She climaxed immediately, and Cain released her.

"Did you just?"

"I didn't expect you to do it first." Alice sighed, "Weren't you going to make me lick you first,"

"Of, is that the order you wanted? Okay," Cain started controlling her, making her take his length in her mouth.

Alice closed her eyes, trying to relax and let everything in, but then she felt something rush down her throat, so she glared at Cain. ~You as well?~

Cain patted her head, "Swallow everything," As he unloaded into her, he saw Gracie sneaking around, approaching Selena's butt. Thud! He grabbed her by the head, "What are you doing?"

Gracie looked away, "Nothing."

"Speak,"

"She's wasting food, and I'm getting hungry." She pointed at Selena's dripping butt.