Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Thud! Cain grabbed Gracie by the head, "You can wait for your turn. The problem isn't that you are hungry," Cain stared into her eyes.

Gracie looked at him with a straight face, "Because it looks delicious,"

"You know what that is?"

"But to me, it smells like freshly grilled meat. Just looking at it makes me feel like a hole exists in my stomach," Gracie explained, and Cain sighed. "You're a succubus, and I'm the one who got you to this point." He stared at her, exhausted, "Fine, but keep it in moderation. And don't stick your tongue inside her."

"Why?" Gracie asked as if she was thinking of doing it.

"Selena might absorb your aphrodisiac. That would be bad news for us," Cain warned her. Even in her normal status, Selena was hard to satisfy.

Gracie nodded and immediately leaped over Selena, slurping what dripped from her rear end. Cain turned toward Alice, who finished drinking directly from him. He pulled his meat from her throat, and she started coughing, "How was it?"

"I was delicious, but my throat still can't take you in," She rubbed her neck. Cain then lifted her and sat her on the bed. He whispered in her ear, "I would do what you like, but since I don't like it and we aren't alone. I will have you do something you hate as well. Are you okay?"

Alice nodded, "Of course, but who should start?"

Cain thought about it for a moment, "I would start first. That would be for the best,"

Cain sat on the ground as Alice looked at him from the bed. 'Alice didn't have the most pleasant body in the past, considering her condition before we met.' Cain thought, looking at her, 'To be honest, she was as gross and disgusting as a rotting zombie because that is what she was, a pile of rotting skin on failing muscles and cracked bones,'

Cain started by kissing her feet, 'Right now, she gets off from any form of appreciation to her body. Deep down, she still thinks her body is gross, so seeing me kiss her like this makes her happy.' He sucked on her toes for a bit, 'But she also admitted that she loves stepping on someone stronger than her. She also told me she could get off humiliating me and asked if that is twisted of her.' he joined her feet to suck on them at the same time.

'I told her that it wasn't a problem as long as it remains in bed, between us. Since that won't hurt her or me in any way.' He then went up from her feet to her knees and thighs.

"Ah! Do it slower!" Alice moaned.

'Another secret the two of us keep together is that her body isn't that durable.' Cain slowed down at her thighs. 'Alice doesn't have the durability of Selena and Sofia or the capacity of Gracie.'

Cain skipped over her flower and headed for her stomach. That part is for last. 'She only recently told me about it, but for a while, she was using healing magic to keep her inside from tearing apart in bed. And to that end, I started reducing my size to normal with her.' Cain started sucking on her chest, 'But, she started having problems. It seems she was getting off the pain, which was surprising.'

As Cain licked her chest, Alice rubbed his meat with her feet. She hugged him to her chest, "Do you like this?"

Cain knew what she was playing. Trying to make it seem like she is talking about her chest and then switching it to her feet when he answers. She won't deceive him to answer yes. 'I have just the right answer for her,'

Alice stared at him with a smug smile, awaiting his answer.

Cain smiled, "I like your feet,"

"Yes. Yes, you do...wait, what did you say?" Alice stared at him, confused.

Melissa and Meliliana caught on to Alice's intention and were watching in amusement until Gracie noticed and glared at them. "Melissa! Come here!"

Melissa rushed toward her, "Yes, your majesty."Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Gracie extended her foot toward her, "Suck on my toes, and each time you climax, I will give Meliliana ten whip lashes when we get back."

Melissa smacked her head to the ground, "You majesty, please no!"

"Huh! Do you think mother will fall that easily?" Meliliana said with a smug face, and Melissa glared at her.

"Since you spoke back, you will get whipped as well. Now start licking," Gracie glared at her.

With shaking lips, Melissa slowly approached Gracie's foot, taking her toes inside her mouth. SPLASH! She immediately climaxed.

"Huh?" Meliliana gasped, staring at her mother's shaking, wet hips, "What?"

Gracie glared at them, "Next time, how about you stare at yourself in amusement?"

"What did you do to mother?" Meliliana growled, "Nothing. She is just addicted after licking them for so long." Gracie replied, watching Melissa climax with each lick.

"Mom! Please stop! We're over a hundred lashes!" Meliliana cried, but her mother didn't listen. She only cared about licking Gracie's toes.

"What did you do to her!" Meliliana cried.

Gracie looked at her, "She asked me to get you out of hell. And in exchange, I ordered her to never sleep with anyone again,"

"You were starving her?" Meliliana shouted.

"She could get nourishment from licking my feet. Melissa herself said it. The previous queen did that, so I took it at face value." Gracie explained, "I just didn't know she would get addicted,"

"Just what are?"

"Me?" Gracie said with a puzzled face, "I'm Gracie. Your queen and soon-to-be goddess. Don't worry about her Melissa, as you will join her soon." She smiled.

As Gracie teased the two succubi, the succubus maids stood there with passive faces. To those who lived with Glasya, this was normal.

SPLASH! Cain emptied a load on Alice's feet, splashing her to the face. "Good, I stopped it," He sighed. With how much his true body has, he could have flooded the whole room.

"All of this?" Alice smiled, licking a bit of what was on her face.

Gracie's eyes glared toward Alice like a hungry beast. She immediately approached and started licking her chest and neck, "Don't waste food,"

"Gracie! Cain! What are you doing!" Alice gasped as she saw Cain hand her feet to Gracie to clean them.

"I thought you would like it?" Cain stared at her with a smug face.

"I like it when you do it!" Alice cried, unable to watch Gracie lick her.

Gracie stared at Alice's face, "What?"

Cain seemed to remember something, "Gracie, give some aphrodisiac, a healthy dose." It would lessen the pain and help her feel better. Alice knew that but still shook her head. "No, I can't drink her spit."

Cain smiled, "What did we agree on before?"

"Ugh!" Alice froze, "Fine, do it," She closed her eyes and opened her mouth. Gracie nodded and started jiggling the spit in her mouth.

"What are you waiting for?" Alice opened her eyes after waiting a bit.

"I getting a big dose for you," Gracie mumbled, getting a mouthful ready,

"Please just give me a little bit," Alice sighed.

"You're taking too long," Gracie glared at her, "Either take the full dose or let me in,"

Cain laid on Alice's chest, "Say, Alice, I did what you like without complaint. Can you give up this time?"

Alice stared at him momentarily, "Fine, do whatever you like."

"Good girl," He patted her head, "Gracie, please do it,"

Gracie nodded and approached Alice's scared face. Alice closed her eyes and opened her mouth, getting ready for Gracie to spit in. But instead, She kissed her, pushing everything into her mouth.

Alice's head started to spin, the about of spit Gracie had in her mouth was insane, and it was all pure aphrodisiac. It was both disgusting and delicious due to the toxin effect.

When Gracie lifted her head, Alice's face was beet red, and her tongue dangled out.

"Even if it usually disgusts you. Gracie's toxin will make it acceptable." Cain said, looking toward Klara who just woke up. "Klara, do you mind helping me here a bit?"

Klara stared at him, "Of course, Master. What do you need?"

"Do you mind sitting on Alice's face?"

"Of course...what did you just say?" She paused. "Come here," Cain waved his hand, and she approached. "Are you sure?" She looked at Alice. And then whispered in Cain's ear, "She hates this kind of contact with women, you know?"

"I know. She agreed to this. And It isn't the first time." Cain smiled,

Klara nodded, sitting on Alice's face. "KYA!" She immediately cried, unable to believe how aggressive Alice was.

"Master! She's too good!" Klara wriggled immediately, "AHHH!" Splashing directly into Alice's face.

Cain quickly pushed his entire length inside Alice, "See, even if she hates it, she has a talent for it for some reason." Cain smiled, Kissing Klara as he started moving.

"I can't believe it," Klara clenched her arms around Cain's neck as Alice's aggressiveness didn't stop. "How did you know about this?"

"I'm her husband. She told me a lot of secrets." Cain started thrusting harder, "You can ask her yourself, but believe me, she wouldn't tell you."