Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Cain stared at Alice, emptying a load inside her. He then lifted her, touching her head with his palm. [Clenseing]

"How are you feeling?" He asked with a smile.

Alice stared at his face, confused, "I still can't break Gracie's toxin." She sighed, "Since it affects your mind, you quickly lose concentration before breaking it." Cain said, patting her back.

"I know," Alice sighed.

"Lady Alice, I'm sorry for earlier," Klara bowed to her.

"Ah! I don't mind," Alice looked at her with a smile. She then patted her head.

Gracie poked Alice's shoulder, "Are you done yet?"

Alice gave her a wry smile, "I'm," She slowly crawled away from Cain, "But aren't you already full?" She looked at Selena.

Gracie shook her head, "That doesn't even qualify as an appetizer," She looked at Cain, "I do get nourishment from you all, but it doesn't even compare to Cain." Gracie smiled.

"Heh?" One of the succubus maids gasped. Gracie stared at her, "Suprised?"

"We succubus can get nourishment even from women, and all of them are extremely powerful." One of the maids exclaimed.

Gracie nodded, pointing at Melissa, "I know. She can get more nourishment from licking my feet than any human could give her in a week." she then stared at Cain, "I don't know how he does it, but he changes the nourishment he gives."

Cain smiled, "Compressed mana, just how I feed the fairies." He lifted his hand, creating a small ball of MP. "The delivery format is the only difference."

"How much do you give her?" One of the maids stared at Cain.

"Enough to kill any of you," Cain smiled, "It's several times what Melissa got from Gracie."

"How could any succubus endure all of that?" One of the maids gasped, taking a step back.

"I rode him before I evolved into a succubus. I'm used to him," Gracie said with a smile.

"But, with that. Every other man would taste bad enough to make you throw up,"

"I only intend to be with Cain." Gracie glared at them. She quickly grabbed Cain's flesh, "Give me a regular load,"

"You asked for it," Cain replied as Gracie started sucking him. He released the load in her mouth, and her face turned sour.

Bleh! She spits everything to the side, "It tastes like dry, old bread." Gracie kept spitting to clear her mouth.

Cain looked at the maids, "By the way, look at this," he picked a bit at the tip of his finger and extended it to them, "Give it a taste, but be careful."

Gulping down, one of the succubus maids approached him, licking it from his finger.

"GRWA!" She fell on the floor, feeling her body burning, and her skirt almost became transparent from the flooding spring. "Are you alright?" Her friend rushed to check on her.

"This should show you the difference between you and Gracie." Cain stared at them, "The stronger the succubus is, the greater her hunger is. Gracie might not be at Glasya's level yet, but she is sure the one behind her." Cain smiled, patting Gracie's head.

"Goddess Gracie," One of the maids stared at her, "Will you be a better god than Glasya?"

Gracie looked at them with a blank face. "I would be worse." She said, "I only care about Cain and if things are to him."

Cain patted her head, "You would be better than Glasya,"

The maids stood, bowing down, "We understand, goddess Gracie." They then looked at each other, "Possibly, no theoretically, can you allow us one day to feed on Master Cain?"

Gracie looked at them, "You need to be obedient. And strong enough to not pass out from licking my feet." Gracie looked at Cain, "If you can't handle such a thing, you will only die with him." She sat on Cain's lap, licking his chest.

"Cain, can I let loose?" She growled.

"A moment, please," Cain said, checking all the presence with him, and he then set a barrier around the room, causing darkness to cover the place.

Even though the succubus maids could see in the dark, they were blinded by Cain's domain, "What happened?"

Slip! One of the maids felt her leg sink into the slimy ground. SPLAT! She felt it on her face, hitting something soft and wet.

Flash! The lights returned, and the entire room looked different. It was like the inside of a monster's stomach, filled with wiggling reddish-purple tentacles. On top of a meat slap, Gracie sat there in her succubus form. She had four bat-like wings, glowing purple eyes, and two long thin horns.

A small stream of black smoke rose from her long black nails as her body seemed to faze between the shadows and reality.

Cain stood on the ground, staring at her with tentacles sprouting from his back, "A queen of the night, the alluring existence of the darkest desires. You can even be an emotionless shadow that stalks its prey." He looked at her.

Gracie smiled, Licking her finger, "This is the result of all the magic you kept feeding me." She looked at him, taking a step forward.

The two maids fell on their knees, shaking and unable to take their eyes off her.

"Your majesty!" one of the succubus maids cried, crawling toward her.

"You will die,"

"Please,"

Cain scratched his head, "This is hell. She will resurrect."

Gracie nodded, approached the maid, and helped her stand, "You asked for," She kissed her, and the maid's body withered into a shriveled husk. The corpse then fell to the ground, absorbed by Cain's stomach.

THUD! The maid's body reappeared mid-air, falling in the back. "She resurrected quickly," Gracie said with a passive face.

"I did that," Cain said, "But to think your life absorption is that strong,"Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

The girls woke up, confused. "Ah, it's Cain-nya!" Selena relaxed immediately.

Meliliana fell on her knees, pissing herself in fear. She wasn't scared of Cain's current power. But she was terrified of how quickly he became that strong.

Cain stared at her, "Come on! This is my stomach. Hold yourself,"

Instinctively, Meliliana glared back at him, "I did drink..." She quickly remembered he was Cain.

"Please forgive me. I will clean it immediately," Meliliana stared around, only seeing flesh and tentacles. As she found nothing to clean with. She attempted to lick it clean, but Cain caught her with his tentacles.

"Don't do it, weirdo," He stared at her, "That's gross," He pulled her toward him.

Meliliana started crying, "Please forgive me! I won't do it again,"

"Why are you freaking out?" Cain sighed, "I didn't say I'm going to hurt you."

Thud! Gracie approached, "It's not like you care, right?" She looked at where Meliliana stood. The place was already clean.

Guh! Cain gasped, looking away, and Gracie caught his shoulder, "It's not like you bother cleaning the corpses you eat. You swallow them whole with what's inside them."

DRIP! Cain heard something beside him. Meliliana fell unconscious, thinking he was about to eat her whole, and she emptied the rest of her bladder.

"Hey, Melissa! What's your daughter's problem?" Cain poked her with his tentacles, waking her up.

After waking up, "Please excuse me. I will clean the place immediately."

Cain sighed, "Don't bother. Just tell her not to do it again."

Melissa stared beneath Meliliana. It was clean, "Oh, please forgive her. I will accept punishment in her stead,"

"Your punishment is to teach her not to do it again," Cain threw Meliliana toward Melissa. Thud! She caught her.

Melissa patted Meliliana's head. And then turned toward Cain, putting her head to the ground, "Master Cain, I cannot express my gratitude for saving my daughter from hell. You did it even with how much bad blood is between her and her majesty Gracie. Please use us as you please."

Gracie stared at her, "Bad blood between her and I?" She smiled, "I already got past that the day I killed her. From what I heard from Alice, I should never forgive her for what she did." Gracie approached Melissa, "I still lack emotions to this day. Even when I remember what she did, I only feel excited." She helped her stand.

"Your majesty," Melissa gasped.

"I don't care as long as you are useful to Cain." Gracie cupped her face, "We don't need your thanks. We need your obedience." She let go of her and walked toward Cain, "Should we start?"

Cain's tentacles approached Gracie, penetrating both her holes and lifting her. "AGRAA!" She growled, holding her stomach.

Cain pulled her closer to him, kissing her.

Gracie held his head, sucking his life force as hard as she could. "AHH!" After a while, Gracie pulled away, panting, "Are you done?" Cain smiled.

Even though she could such a succubus dry in seconds, Cain's life force was too much to handle.

Gracie looked at him with a face burning with desire, "As I expected, I still can't take you on,"

Cain approached her, kissing her forehead, "What do you want me to do?"