Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The new night queen stared down at Malbolge, the darkness of her shadow extending to every crevice of the city. With it, she can see and hear all. ZON! A divine existence emerged behind her. She turned around, shadows covering her body momentarily, and a maid garment took place soon after.

"Is there a reason to stand here?" Cain asked, looking at her back with a smile.

"Can't I?" Gracie replied, tilting her head to the side.

"I expected you to stay in the cocoon, not immediately teleport here." Cain approached her.

For a moment, Gracie's expression changed as she realized Cain's ignorance of the monster approaching. "She's coming rapidly,"

"Who?" Cain took a moment to sense the divine being rushing down the layers of hell. "Ah! She did have a contract with Glasya, after all." He looked up.

Malbolge's hellish winds turned into a clean breeze as the dark sky flashed with a golden light. A blond woman fell, landing in the rotten wilderness.

TING! The first touch of her bare toes on the ground caused a massive radiance, forcing the dead land to sprout back to life. The dry, cursed soil, unfit for anything, turned into sprawling green hills.

The goddess lifted her head, staring directly at where Gracie stood. TING! With a single leap, her body rushed into the sky.

FLAP! A pit fiend flew toward her, swinging his greatsword, engulfed in a hellish flame.

CLANG! Before the two could get close to each other, the devil's body turned into dust, burned by the holy light of an angel's sword. A six-winged blond woman, closely resembling a younger form of the goddess, rushed to the front, followed by hundreds of angels.

The divine swarm rushed toward the top of Malbolge's fort, enclosing the whole premise as the goddess sat foot in front of Gracie. The touch of her feet caused the rusted fortress to be purged clean into gleaming black iron.

"So Glasya died," The woman stared at Gracie, "Do you know who am I?"

Cain spoke from the back, "Chauntea in the flesh, it's rare that you leave your divine realm." Several angels surrounded him, putting their blades to his throat.

"Another word and you're dead." The six-winged angel growled, "This is between them. You have no right to speak,"

Gracie looked back, then slowly glanced at Chauntea, "Care to pull your angels away from him? I don't want to make Jemima sad," She pulled out two knives.

"Enough, all of you," Chauntea said, staring at her angels.

"He's too dangerous to keep unguarded." The six-winged angel growled.

Cain smiled, "Let them be. It's not like their existence changes anything,"

CLANG! The six-wing angel immediately swung her sword at Cain's neck, attempting to cleave his head clean off. CRACK! Cain quickly swung his fist up, jabbing her blade before it could reach him, shattering it.

"Kill him!" The angels screamed as Cain stepped forward, rushing at him like crazed wolves. CLANG! CRACK! CLANG! CRACK! CLANG! CRACK! CLANG! CRACK! CLANG! CRACK! CLANG! CRACK!

Cain slowly walked forward as each sword near him shattered, and even though his hands didn't seem to move, the angels' weapons couldn't reach him. He approached Chauntea without a problem, extending his hand to her for a shake.

Chauntea giggled, taking his hand, smiling as the angels fell, exhausted to the bones. "You speak the truth," Chauntea smiled, "Albite, your friends did most of the job," Behind Cain, she could see Morena, Eilistraee, Lolth, and even Gray. They are the unseen ghostly beings extending from his divine existence, standing behind him.

Cain smiled, "I do lie a lot, but not to an old lady like you,"

Chauntea closed her eyes, "An old lady, you say?" In a single move, she pulled him closer, throwing him on the ground and stomping his head into mush. "I can see right through your lies,"

In the blink of an eye, Cain's body had disappeared. He appeared behind Chauntea, resting his arm around her neck with a smile, "Is that so? I, too, can see right through you, soul, clothes, and all."

Chauntea turned her head, "What do you wish to see of me?"

"I agree most women wither with time. But you have aged like fine wine." Cain clenched his hand around her hip.

"I see you're still an old man to the core," Chauntea smiled, relaxing her divine power.

Gracie approached them, "What are you two talking about?"

Chauntea smiled, pointing at Cain with her thumb, "Your man here is hitting on me. Can't you hold him down?"

Gracie looked at them and then nodded, "I understand," she smiled, "I will inform the girls of your addiction, so get ready to show respect to all those before you."

"Hold up! What are you talking about?" Chauntea called her, almost panicking, "Can't you read the mood?"

Gracie glared back at her, "It doesn't matter both ways," She opened her arms, absorbing her maid uniform into the shadows.

As Gracie's half-naked body stood there, her seductive charisma ran amok, causing all the angels to fall to their knees. She slowly approached the six-winged angel and lifted her up with the hair. "You tell her," She pointed the angel's head toward Chauntea.

"Ah! He...AH!" The angel mumbled, and Gracie dropped her with a disappointed face. "Used too much on her?"

Chauntea smiled, "Even as a newborn, you're quite accustomed to your power." She stared at her, "I came here to discuss the matter of my Contract with Glasya,"

"Contract?" Gracie got confused for a moment. Before remembering it from Glasya's divine memories, "That is still held. I won't interfere with it,"

Chauntea shook her shoulders, "The contract is of utmost importance to the prosperity of many lives. I can't take it lightly,"Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Cain sighed, stretching his arms, "Can we sit down and relax?" He rubbed Chauntea's face, "Stress will only increase your wrinkles,"

CLAP! Cain clapped his hands, teleporting them down. Cain, Gracie, Chantea. And the six-winged angel.

Thud! As they landed in the room, the succubi maids fainted from seeing another god and angel.

***

After an hour, after a few minutes, Glasya's former assistant succubus walked into the room with a tray of tea. Her knees shook as Chauntea stared at her, and she almost dropped everything.

"P-please...enjoy," She mumbled, stumbling to the corner.

The six-winged angel stared at the tea, frowning, "You dare serve Chuntea filth boiled in acid?" She glared at Cain and then at the succubus.

"Calm down, Serin. Water cannot exist in hell, and I won't expect them to have decent tea here." She looked at Cain, smiling. "Isn't that right?"

"It's decent anyway," Sofia said, drinking her cup. Out of everyone, she was the only one who found it palatable.

"Water doesn't exist here-nya?" Selena gasped, staring at Alice.

"We talked about it the first time we entered hell," Alice replied.

The succubus in the back had already started begging for her life.

"Klara, go brew us something nice." Cain looked at her with a smile.

"From the mansion, I assume?"

"Yes,"

She bowed immediately, "As you order,"

Chauntea smiled, looking her go, "A mere human, walking between the gods, isn't that strange?" She stared at Cain.

"It's only a matter of choosing the right side," Cain replied.