Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Cain smiled, putting one leg on the other and looking at Chauntea's face, "Say, there has to be a second reason for you to come here." He stared at her with a smile.

Chauntea smiled, grabbing her teacup. The touch of her fingers turned the acidic solution into a nectar-sweet drink. "I did come here to make a deal with you as well. What kind of payment do you accept?"

Cain grabbed his cup, drinking from it without a care. He might hate it, but his body can take it. "Depend on what you are asking for."

"I want to buy two cocoons in the abyss. One to use as a divine garden to preserve rare species of plants and the second as a starting point," Chauntea smiled.

"I can understand the first, but what of the second?"

"I want to spread farming into the abyss," Chauntea replied.

"So you want me to make everyone on the same page? All so you can avoid conflict with Kali and Umberlee?" Cain replied, putting his cup down and staring at her face.

​ "Of course, if the land is yours. I won't want to start fights on it, would I." Chauntea smiled. "There are multiple things I can offer as payment."

Cain looked at her face, "I will build a kingdom there after the collapse. I want you to be responsible for everything green and a part of the divine table." Cain stared at her, "You know about the collapse, right?"

"The world system is crumbling. I won't be able to grant my Clerics spells after its fall." She stared at him, "You and the laughing tornado are making a new one. Do you want the gods to bow to you for help?"

Serin glared at Cain, ready to strike. Chauntea glared at her, "Calm down." She then looked at Cain, "Is this plan for you or Lilia?" She asked, looking for the mastermind who controls the new world.

Cain smiled, closing his eyes for a moment, "Why don't you ask her yourself," He flicked his finger, "Master, I created a portal for you. Do you have a moment?"

A small, blue hazy door appeared, and from it, Lilia walked with a smile. "Cain! What did you need?" She waved her hand, freezing momentarily, "Why are there so many gods here?"

Cain smiled, "Said the one who could beat us." he then stared at Chauntea, "She wants to know who will control the new system and world."

Lilia stared at Chauntea with a passive face, "Of course it's Cain. Why did you even call me?"

"You? The monster that even the gods fear is giving up such an opportunity?" Chauntea glared at her, and Lilia smiled.

"Cain is the only one who can do it. There is no question about that." Lilia sat beside Cain's lap, getting a sharp glare from Gracie.

"Let me be honest with you," Lilia said, smiling, "If you made an enemy of Cain, the only way for you to survive in the new world is by sucking him off and begging for a spot. That is what Umberlee is doing, and it is working." She pointed at Chauntea, "But your relation with Cain is still neutral. So it is a great chance for you to kiss his hand and form an alliance."

Chauntea stared at Cain, "You owe me a few things. Don't you?" She smiled, "To be honest, your mother was a sex worker. She should have been cast into this city to get pummeled for all eternity." Chauntea put one leg on the other, "I pulled her soul out and made her an archon like Serin over there. I even returned her to your father. Don't forget Ariel and our deals in the past." She leaped forward, "What do I get for that?"

Lilia stared at Cain's face, "You're stuck. Did she think of this all the way back?"

Cain scratched his head, staring at her. "Fine, you can have those cocoons. I will get Umberlee to provide fresh water and corpses from the war to use as fertilizer."

Chauntea clapped her hands, "Thank you," She smiled, "Can you call Jemima?"

Cain closed his eyes for a moment, "I called her. She will be here when Klara returns."

After a few minutes, Klara walked in with the tea and Jemima behind her. "Master, what did you need." She asked, giving Cain a slight bow.

Cain pointed at Chauntea, "Listen to her."

Chauntea smiled, "It's nice to see you. Here is something for you," She opened her palm, and a vase with a sunflower emerged.

Jemima stared at it for a second before screaming, "SUZAAAAN!" She rushed in, taking the vase and staring at the plant with tears in her eyes.

Cain looked at Chauntea, "Are you trying to make more debts?"

Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

"Yes and no," Chauntea smiled, "If I was to spread my domain and power to you, I need a powerful catalyst in your kingdom." She pointed at Jemima, "Build me a church and make her the pope. I will channel my power through her."

Sofia glared at Chauntea, "You're trying to level the deal, right?"

Alice added, "Sofia is right." Gracie stared at Chauntea, "He tastes good," Thud! Lilia poked her, "That isn't the problem."

Chauntea giggled, "I bet he does," She smiled, "But for now. It's better for me to play all of my cards."

Selena's ears wiggled, looking at Chauntea with a passive face, "A good female bringing prey as a gift-nya," She then stared at Serin, "You brought her since you think you won't be enough-nya?"

Chauntea looked down, "You seemed silent, but you're the one who thought the furthest." She stared at Selena with a smile, "Rakshasas' minds are really keen,"

Chauntea stood, approaching Cain and bowing before him, "I offer you her and myself all that I did so far and what I will do in the future. My angles are up, so pick from them as you like." She kissed his leg, "I ask of you but one thing, allow the poor farmers of the mortal realm to thrive in your new world."

"What?" Serin gasped.

"A god exists for the prosperity of his believers. That is what I think. I shall prove myself useful so my people would find a living place in the future." She kept her head down.

As everyone froze momentarily, Serin growled, "That can't be!"

Cain looked down at Chauntea, "You brought her to me, but she doesn't seem open to the idea of lying in my bed." He pointed at Serin.

"I created her in my image for this very moment. Her opinion doesn't matter to you. I will carry the burn of it all." As Chauntea said, Cain felt his head aching.

Thud! He rested his foot on Chauntea's head, "I don't like that. Stand up,"

Chauntea stood, "So a divine rank 19 goddess came here to offer herself to me? What should I do with you?"

Lilia scratched her chin, "Her power is useful, and she is strong on her own."

Gracie stared at Chauntea, "You look in your middle forties. Is there a reason why a goddess is aging?"

Chauntea smiled, "This might seem strange, but I'm the oldest god after him."

"AO?" Cain looked at her.

Chauntea smiled, "Humans farmed since their early days. Asgorath and the original Adam died, and even Corellon was born after me. We divine age, but ever so slowly."