Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Cain stared at Chauntea, confused for a moment. "Divine beings are supposed to be immortal. The only thing that could age is..." He lifted his hand, closing his eyes and collecting a vast amount of mana in his palm.

The room rumbled as a ghostly figure of Glasya appeared. She didn't move or slowly any signs of life. She was but a semi-transparent white projection.

Lilia leaped from Cain's lap and glared at the ghost, "I will check the front, and you check the back," She said, standing in front of Glasya and extending her palms.

Cain stood behind Glasya and did the same, focusing on Analysing this divine soul.

"What are you two doing?" Chauntea asked, confused at their actions.

"Inspecting Glasya's soul and searching for how she's aging," Lilia explained. "I bet she is losing energy from somewhere. Otherwise, she shouldn't age,"

"The gods researched the subject for millennia. You won't find anything they already didn't find." Chauntea said, sitting on the couch.

Lilia looked at her, "You say that, but we found something interesting."

"Yeah," Cain replied with a smile, "How much to bet that this is it?" He looked at Chauntea.

"All the gods failed to find it. If you two did, that mean you're better than them." Chauntea replied.

Lilia looked at her, "I want to catch Mystra, and you're leading her to me,"

"This must be it," Cain nodded, lowering his hands. "Ho! It was exhausting," Lilia stretched her arms.

"You can't be exhausted," Cain looked at Lilia with a smile, and she giggled, "I'm a mortal, remember?"

Chauntea stared at them, "So what did you find?"

Cain looked at her, "Gods naturally expand power to get stronger. Your divine rank increases slightly with time, giving the old gods an edge over the young ones."

"That's a good thing. We want to know why we age." Chauntea stared at him.

​ Lilia stared at her, "No, that's a bad thing. AO is the only true god, all of you are but husks attempting to reach his greatness," She approached Chauntea, glaring at her eyes, "Oh! I'm going to have fun with you."

Cain sat down, "That expanded energy has to come from somewhere. It's sapping the soul, causing it to age."

Chauntea stood, "That's wrong. Everyone looked into it and found no relation." She stated.

Cain stood, approaching Chauntea, "All we need to do is stop you from getting more power with time, and you will stop aging. You can always rank up by getting more followers or training."

"As if that would work," Chauntea growled.

"It will work," Lilia smiled, "Look at his soul. What do you see?"

Chauntea glared at his soul for a moment and stepped back, "A crazed mage with a vast array of knowledge, but." she gasped, "You aren't,"

Lilia approached Chauntea, grabbing her by the back and rubbing her neck, "Relax, I will make you immortal like him soon,"

"Let go of her!" Serin raged, conjuring a divine sword and swinging it toward Lilia. CLANG! Cain caught it, quickly tieing her hands behind her back.

"Serin, let them be," Chauntea said, gulping down, "Do whatever you like with me, her as well."

"Why?" Serin growled.

"It won't hurt to try." Chauntea replied, "Just let them do whatever they want,"

Lilia smiled, "We should start now," TAP! TAP! As she was about to start explaining, someone knocked on her head. When she turned around, Gracie glared down at her.

"Not now," Gracie said.

Lilia started sweating, "Oh, yeah. Sorry." She giggled, "I will start the preparation with Chauntea. You enjoy your time,"

Gracie smiled at her, heading toward Cain, who sat on the couch. She went on her knees, bending her head and kissing his right foot.

"Cain, no, Master. Would you please allow me to act as my instincts wish, as the succubus goddess?" She looked up at him, "I might do things unfit for a maid to you and the others," she kissed his foot again.

"Do as you like. You don't have to get my permission," Cain replied.

Gracie nodded, standing up with a smile. Her maid clothes evaporated, and she kneeled over Cain, pushing him to lie on the sofa.

Gracie slowly climbed on him, sitting on his face while drumming his meat with her feet. She then looked back, "Sofia, care to join?"

Sofia stared at her momentarily, "What do you want me to do?"

Gracie signaled for her to come closer. As she approached, Gracie pulled her by the hair and stopped. "I will start," Gracie whispered in her ear, and Sofia sighed.

"Cain said you can do whatever you like, just this time," Sofia replied, understanding what was to come. Gracie pulled her closer, kissing her while ticking her lower parts. "Go suck him,"

"Fine," Sofia replied, pulling her mouth away from Gracie and sitting between Cain's legs. Gracie had been rubbing his meat with her feet all this time, and she didn't slow down.

Sofia sat for a moment before Grabbing Gracie's ankles, stopping her movements. She started sucking on the tip and occasionally on Gracie's sharp toenails.

Gracie looked back again, "Selena, come here,"ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Unlike Sofia, Selena didn't hesitate to leap, "What should I do?-nya?"

Gracie kissed her as well, "Just wait a moment," Just as Gracie said that Cain emptied a load into Sofia's mouth. "Let it spill," She added.

Sofia took a mouthful and let the rest spill on Gracie's feet.

Gracie stood, approaching Sofia and pushing her back. She then slowly pushed Cain's meat inside her with a smile, "This is the best. Make it bigger." Cain did just that, and Gracie growled.

"Alice, come here," As Gracie called her, Alice turned away to hide. "I can see you. Come here,"

With sight and an unsatisfied face, Alice approached them. "What do you need?"

Gracie stretched her rear hole, "Lick me here, pushing your tongue all the way inside,"

"Excuse me? No!" Alice shook her head.

"Come on," Gracie called her again, "Come on,"

After a few calls, Alice sighed, "But you will pay for it later, understood?"

Gracie smiled, "That would be my pleasure,"

Alice slowly crawled behind her and started licking. With each suck, she felt her head spin, but she kept pushing forward with closed eyes.

Gracie then had Selena sit on Cain's face.

Sofia sat on Cain's chest, facing Gracie.

Gracie then looked to the corner, "Melissa, Meliliana, lick my feet clean, and after you finish, start licking Cain's," The two succubus panicked, rushing into action without a moment of hesitation. But as Melissa licked Graice's toes, scoping a little bit of Cain's load, she died. The same happens to Meliliana. She passed away immediately.

Cain lifted Selena's butt to speak, "Those two could barely handle you as a mortal. They cannot withstand you now as a divine, let alone me." He touched the two corpses, resurrecting them with hell.

As the two gasped to life, they saw Gracie's toes in front of their faces and climaxed immediately.

"What are you waiting for?" Gracie stared at them, and the two licked her toes again, dying as quickly as before.

Cain started resurrecting them each time they died, making sure they keep licking without a stop and watching their bodies grow stronger after each death.