Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Gracie could feel Cain moving inside her. Each thrust shook her bones, parting her hips with a feint crack.

Lilia and chauntea watched them go at it, "We're still here," Chauntea looked at Lilia.

"Is there a problem with that? Those girls have secured the highest place in the coming new world. It's a spot that even you desire." Lilia smiled, "The god controlling the new world's system and the one who links the planes. He's the AO of the new world, albeit far weaker."

Chauntea nodded, "They were but mortal a few months ago," She sighed, "How did it turn like this?"

Lilia patted her on the back, "That man over there can get the world turning, and those girls knew sticking to his side was the right choice. But as time pass, the space around him is getting cluttered. You have to hurry if you want a spot."

"You said you wanted to kill Mystra, won't taking her in would be best?" Chauntea changed the subject as she wanted to know more about how the laughing tornado saw the whole ordeal.

"I'm taking the power of the magic goddess. I don't care what happens to Mystra's husk. Albite, after our last fight, I'm starting to get an urge to enslave her for a while." Lilia smiled, flicking her finger, and created a magic table.

"Lay on this. I would start the preparation," Lilia said with a large smile.

"AHHH!" Gracie moaned as loud as she could as Cain filled her insides.

Cain stood, laying Gracie on the bed and Sofa, Selena, and Alice beside them. "Come here," he looked at Melissa and Meliliana.

The two succubi approached him with fearful steps, "Clean it," He said, and two gulped. His meat would tear their throat apart with the size alone.

"Master, please spare up," Melissa mustered her courage to speak.

"I lowered the magic. You can lick it without dying," Cain replied, and the two didn't speak any further.

Behind him, Gracie wasn't satisfied. It was the opposite. Doing it made her hungrier. Her stomach rumbled, craving more. She wrapped her legs around Cain's hip from the back, kicking Melissa and Meliliana away and pulling him toward her.

Cain turned toward her, smiling, "Want more?"

Grace nodded, spreading her rear hole with a smile, "Use this,"

Cain looked at Alice with a smile, and she kicked him in the face, "Don't even think about it!"

"Come on. I knew you liked it," Smiling, Cain lifted her up, ignoring the kicking he was receiving. He then laid her on Gracie.

Gracie didn't waste a moment and started licking Alice like crazy. To her, she was but an appetizer in comparison to Cain.

Sofia and Selena started sucking on Gracie's chest while Cain fingered them. Each of them moaned, occasionally biting Gracie a bit too hard.

Alice watched Cain thrust into Gracie's but closer than anyone could. Every once in a while, he would pull out, thrusting in her throat instead.

Cain turned back, Calling Klara and Jemima, who stood in the back.

The two maids stood by Cain's side, kissing him simultaneously. Melissa started licking Cain's rear end on her own, while Meliliana licked her.

Chauntea watched them, baffled, "They are loud," she mumbled laying on the magical bed Lilia created. "Don't move," Lilia told her as she was calibrating the magic.

Watching silently, Chauntea watched her head angel standing in the corner with a passive face. She looked calm and collected, but Chauntea could tell since she could read her mind. Serin's hips were drenched wet, and she could barely hold it in. The only reason she looked unfazed was that her mind was off to dreamland, swimming in her own fantasy.

After a few violent thrusts, Cain unloaded everything into the screaming Gracie, bulging her belly ever so slightly.

After pulling out, he immediately had Alice throat it. To his surprise, she didn't oppose at all. Pulling from her mouth, he asked, "You took that without complaints?"

"Gracie is still one of the maids," She smiled, licking Gracie on her own.

Klara immediately whispered in Cain's ear, "She intends to whip her later as she did me. She can heal most injuries so even torture is valid to her, for me,"

Cain looked at Alice, "Is that true?"

Alice looked at Gracie, "What do you say?"

"It's fine by me. In fact, you let Cain join you?" Gracie stared at them with a weird smile.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Cain sighed, "Fine since you seem to like it," He then turned toward Serin in the back, "So, when will you join?"

Serin snapped back into reality, "Who would join you?" She growled at her.

Cain glared at her with a dubious face. He immediately used a mixture of Messages and psychic manipulation to read her mind. ~I wish I could join. But Lady Chauntea is watching. I can't disgrace her.~ Serin's mind screamed.

Cain approached her, "Is there anything wrong in joining? Chauntea brought you here for this reason."

SLAP! Serin slapped him, "Get away from me. No means no," She glared at him, but her mind screamed, ~Don't get any closer. I can't hold myself any longer~ her legs started shaking, and she preferred to die than do it in front of Chauntea.

Cain glared at her, taking another step forward, "Come, why are you hesitating?" Looked at her with a smile, unfazed.

SLAP! Serin slapped him again but he didn't seem to be affected at all, "Move away from me!" She tried to push him away but ended up cornering herself to the wall. ~Chauntea is watching, please leave me alone. I swear to do it later~ She wanted to do it badly, but not in front of Chauntea.

Cain could read her mind, and the smirk didn't leave his face. He grabbed the screaming Serin by the shoulder, lifting her up while enduring her kicks and slaps with a smile.

"Let me go! I don't want to do it!" she started screaming.

Cain carried her to Chauntea's face, his flesh poking the goddess's mouth. "Get that filth off her!" Serin growled.

On the other hand, Chauntea opened her mouth, sucking the tip.

Lilia looked at her, "You call yourself a goddess?" She pushed the back of her head, forcing all of Cain deep into Chauntea's throat.

Serin was furious, conjuring her holy blade and attempting to stab Cain. Each of her attacks failed, and Chauntea took Cain's flesh from her mouth. "Did you like it?" Cain asked, "It's decent," Chauntea replied, lifting her head up.

Cain used his hands to lift Serin's leg's up, tearing her clothes off. She screamed but immediately went silent when Chauntea licked her. "I made you as a clone of my body. You don't want to use that body to do anything like this in front of me." Chauntea said with a sad smile, "To be honest, I made you an Avatar for this very day. I feared I would be rejected," Chauntea looked Serin in the eyes, "You don't have to worry about me, do what you want."

"Lady Chauntea?"

Chauntea nodded, "You doing it will also help me immensely, keeping the monster carrying you on our side," she then stared at Cain, "Do it!"

"I assume this angel is mine now? Serin the archon." Cain looked at Chauntea, "Yep, please treat her well as your wife,"

"What do you say?" Cain whispered in Serin's eyes.

"Please let me down," Serina said, half crying. ~Please let me down~ She wasn't putting a front so Cain let her down.

"Sorry for slapping you earlier," She bowed her head, "Please punish me as you like,"

Cain shook his head, "You worried about a mere slap? Come here, follow me." He smiled and pointed toward the bed.