Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Cain walked toward the bed with Serin. He gently lay her on the bed beside the other girls.

"We should start," Cain said with a smile.

CRACK! The ground started to shake violently, and everyone looked at the walls cracking. "Damn it," Cain growled, "Can't I have a quiet day now?"

Chauntea stood, "Flora, report!" She said, and one of her angels immediately teleported into the room. Bowing down, she explained, "The titan of the hair forest is waking up. He will soon stand,"

BAM! The head succubus kicked the door open, "Mistress Gracie, the titans are waking up." She shouted, and soon as she realized herself, she bowed, apologizing, "Sorry for the intrusion,"

Cain stood, "I will go put him under the ground. Why did it wake now?"

"Mistress Glasya was keeping him unconscious under the ground with her charm. Now he will wake up, and the other titans buried beneath him will do the same." The succubus explained.

Gracie looked at her hand, "They are praying, the people." She stood, "They want me to stop the titans,"

Cain looked back at her, "If Glasya failed to do it, I doubt you can do it alone." His eyes flashed blue, "Let's get this done quickly. I want to have some quiet time."

ZON! After getting ready, Cain and the girls teleported up the fortress. Upon appearing, they got surrounded by angels, devils, and cubus. The crowd didn't see that cooperative as the angels and devils kept bickering about how to act, while the cubus still tried to use this chance and suck on some angels.

The moment everyone saw Cain and the girls, they went silent, awaiting them to speak. "Sofia, there he is, the titan." Cain pointed.

The titan was larger than the mountains around him, carrying the entire hair forest on his rotten scalp. Each move he made caused the ground to shake as fire escaped his nose. This absolute existence was a remnant of the ancient angel and devil war. Those titans were heaven's most powerful front liners.

Sofia nodded, stepping forward. CRACK! The ground beneath her feet shattered, and she blasted toward the titan. Her body exploded into a magnificent flare of fire and light, transforming into her draconic form.

The five-headed dragon queen roared, opening her blue head and breathing a flashing black of lightning.

The titan stumbled back and quickly growled. "GROOOOOOO!"

"That thing is durable. We should take it to an isolated place so I can..." When Cain turned to look at the girls, he noticed Selena was missing. "Where did she go?" He looked around, seeing her running out of the city in her Jaguar form, charging toward the titan.

BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! Selena rushed toward the titan, 'Cain want us to hunt, and I'm going to get it,'

Seeing Cain order Sofia to take the titan down got her excited. It's been a long time since Cain asked them to hunt. Since Sofia was first, she would be the second one to go, and she won't need orders to do it. But in reality, Cain asked Sofia to attack the titan since she has the biggest form.

GROOOO! The titan growled, kicking the ground as hard as he could and sending debris toward Sofia, raining stones from the sky.

Selena raced between the falling stones, evading them from left and right, slowly increasing her speed. [Thunder Step] [Thunder Step] [Thunder Step] [Thunder Step] [Thunder Step] She started leaping forward with magic, each step longer than the first till she reached the titan's foot.

"GAW!" Using her claws, she pulled the titan's toenail off, causing it to growl in agony. The moment it looked down, Selena started climbing its leg like it was a tree.

In size comparison, it was like an ant climbing a massive muscular man.

The titan swung his palm at her, attempting to smack her like a bug, but she dodged by using [Thunder Step] to accelerate.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The titan wobbled, attempting to stop her from climbing his body, but it was too late. Selena reached his neck.

Selena Opened her claws and sliced as she rushed up, cutting the skin of his throat open.

CRACK! With the blood splashing, she grabbed into his chin, cracking the jaw and leaping at the nose. SPLAT! With a swift claw swing, Selena blinded the titan's left eye and swung a fist at its forehead. CRACK! A loud and painful cracking sound filled the sky as a massive shockwave exploded on the titan's face. Its body stumbled back, falling on its ass/

GROOOOOOOOO! Suddenly, the titan whipped his face, catching Selena and throwing her back.

Selena flew back toward the city, unable to stop mid-air. [Thunder Step] [Thunder Step] [Thunder Step] [Thunder Step] She used it a few times to change her direction, finally landing where she started beside Cain in her humanoid form.

Selena glared forward, Squatting with all her muscles tensed up and claws extended. Her tails spiked up, and her ears folded back, "GAW!" She growled, staring at the titan in the distance.

The devils and cubus stepped back, mumbling. "A rakshasa? What is it doing here?"

"No, only the Maharaja should be this strong."

"She didn't kill the titan. A Maharaja would have killed it instantly."

Thud! Cain patted her head, "Calm down,"

Selena's body relaxed, and she stared at him, "Nya?"

"Look, it has already regenerated." Cain pointed at the titan.

"NYA!" Selena cried, looking at stand without a scratch, "Unless you can kill it in one strike, it won't go down." He explained.

BAM! Lilia smacked Cain's head, "Idiot. Even if you killed it in one strike, it will just resurrect immediately. This is hell."

Clensh! Gracie caught Lilia by the head, "Glasya sealed it with charm. We need to do the same."

"Leave it to me," Alice said, stepping forward.

"You alone don't have enough power to slay it," Serin stared at her, "That thing is resistance to almost anything from hell."

Alice smiled, "Cain, can I have complete access?" She looked at him.

"Use as much as you want. Go all out." Cain replied, causing Chauntea to gasp. "She will kill herself. To allow mortal access to a divine being's power is reckless."

Cain shook his head, "They always had access to my power. She is asking out of manners and not need."

Alice stepped forward, taking a deep breath and closing her eyes. For a moment, a gust of air flowed around her from her legs up to her hair.

"Cursed mana is moving." A devil said with a smile.

"Holy mana is moving?" An angel wondered.

The two looked at each other, staring at Alice, terrified.

Alice's shoes melted, rotting into nothing as her nails radiated with decay magic. She immediately transformed into her devil form, spreading her massive black feathery wings, and opening her eyes. One resembled the eclipse, and the other flashed with golden rays of light like the sun.

"Please, grant me your strenght," She mumbled and the ghostly figure of Cthulhu appeared behind her back, towering the sky.

[Hehe]

A faint giggle boomed in the sky, causing Chauntea to shiver, staring at the clouds with a sweaty face. "It's her!"

A woman wearing a black and red floppy kimono stood behind Alice's back. Laying her palms on her shoulder. [It's been a while, Alice. I can't let him be the only one helping, can't I?] She smiled, disappearing into the mist.

The woman's figure appeared in the sky, sitting on Cthulhu's shoulder.

Cain smiled, "Amaterasu? What is a part of the divine rank 20 goddess Tia doing here?"

[This is but a mere projection. I felt you slowly taking over my place as Alice's god, so I'm stepping in to help.]

Alice opened her palms, conjuring two swords. A cursed and holy blade. SWHOSH! Suddenly, all of Alice's magic stopped, disappearing without a trace, leaving her standing there, looking dead in the eyes.

Cain smiled while everyone panicked, "She's coming," He said.

Alice's eyes started to wiggle, twisting back into her head as her hair and feathers fell. Her skin bubbled, rotting like boiling oil.

A dark stream of goo light fell from the sky, a holy curse from the heavens sent down by Amaterasu. [Chauntea offered an Archon. I would hurt my pride to offer anything less.]

"What are you creating?" Chauntea shouted, "This magic belongs to them!"

[Of course, Unlike you, I don't mind admitting we gods were wrong. Everyone is accepted in my domain, angels, and devils alike.]

"That and this are two different matters! You can forgive as many devils as you want! Don't bring the weapons of the ancient war!"

Amaterasu smiled, [Weapons, you call them? I admit they are dangerous but they also deserve their place in the heavens. They are the heroes who sacrificed themselves for the world.]

From the dark light, Alice emerged. She was a ten-winged black blob of boiling mixture of curse and holy magic.

Her eyes flashed white as her body emerged from the blob.

[A fallen Archon, fueled by two gods of equal power!] Amaterasu shouted.