Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Alice's body got reconstructed, and she stood there wearing a robe of mixed magic. Her body slowly levitated as her massive wings gently flapped.

"Asmodeus!" The titan growled, glaring directly at Alice. "Today, your judgment has come. For the crime of killing our people, here you will perish by my hands, Alroris of the high mountains."

The devils panicked, "That thing can speak? Is he talking with her?"

"Is that so?" Alice replied, looking at him, "My name is Alice Furberg of the Lisworth family. I'm pleased to meet you," She gave the titan a gentle bow before glaring back at him. "But I'm afraid it's here where we say goodbye!"

Alice's eyes flashed with a black divine light, and the magic inside her rumbled like thunder. ZONZON! BAM! She blasted toward the titan with a single flap of her wings.

The titan glared at her, zapping toward him, clenching his teeth as his magic increased. 'Don't let her take the lead, and blast her right away,' He thought, swinging his palm. Sparks of flames flashed, creating a massive fireball.

"Taste the titans' wrath!" He swung his palm down, [Blasting Inferno]. He smacked Alice down with the fireball as if she was a fly. The flames expanded into a raging inferno, rising to Malbolge's ceiling and illuminating the whole layer.

Cain flicked his finger, covering the city in multiple layers of [Prismatic Dome]

"Is she okay?" the angels screamed, covering their faces with their forearms due to the intense heat.

"They are unharmed," Cain said, smiling.

SWOSH! The flames started disappearing. Sofia opened her red jaw and started swallowing the heat. The devils cheered, "That's right! Tiamat is still down there!"

"Cain, I'm going in as well," Gracie approached Cain, bowing slightly before disappearing. When Cain looked around, Selena was nowhere to be seen. She sneaked out again.

BAM! Alice flew from the dust and flames, her eyes fixated on the titan as she rushed toward him at an incredible speed.

The titan growled, feeling four monstrous beings rushing at him. "I can't die! Not before the reinforcements are here!" He opened his arms, and thousands of tiny blue lights formed on his back, charging and blasting into the sky.

Alice looked up, and those beams bent and raced toward her. She flew to the side, dodging one, but another came at her.

'Fast, sharp, and above all carry an immense power.' Alice thought.

BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! Alice flew between the falling beams, and each one that missed her exploded on the ground.

ZAP! Finally, one of the beams gazed at her wings, pushing toward the ground with an explosion. Before she could even touch the soil, other beams pierced her body, forming holes in her torso and head.

Sofia rushed forward, swinging one of her claws at the titan.

The titan grabbed Sofia's claw and threw her up with a growl, "Don't underestimate us, Lizards!"

ZON! the shadows beneath his feet expanded, causing his foot to sink, breaking his balance. "What is this?" The titan growled, Just for Selena to emerge mid-air for a shadow. CRACK! She punched the titan in the face, dropping him to the ground.

FLASH! Alice hit the ground but flew back up without a single wound on her body, racing toward the fallen titan. A massive, black and white bow appeared in her palm, resembling burning flames.

PEW! PEW! PEW! PEW! PEW! PEW! PEW! PEW! PEW! PEW! PEW! PEW! PEW! PEW! PEW! PEW! PEW! PEW! PEW! PEW! PEW! PEW! PEW! PEW! PEW! PEW! She started firing multiple arrows, the golden holy ones burned the titan's flesh, and the black decay bearing caused his flesh to rot into dust.

Lilia stared at them, "Alice's body has an extreme regeneration that I have never seen before. The holy and cursed magic inside her are at constant war, resulting in that power she can exhibit."

"But there is a catch," Cain sighed.

Lilia looked at the sky, "Gods are annoying," She scratched her head, "Alice can't keep that balance alone. She doesn't have enough magic. She needs someone to keep supplying her with mana to stay alive."

"I'm her life support," Cain scratched his head, "That Amaterasu,"

"Without you, Alice will wither and die in hours. Make sure to have enough MP regeneration to keep up with her." Lilia smiled.

"What MP are you talking about?" Cain looked at Lilia, "She is sucking my divine energy,"

Lilia looked at him, surprised, "Was I wrong?" She quickly approached him, touching his back, "You're right! She's consuming divine energy!" Lilia shouted, smiling, "You finally corrected me on something!"

"It doesn't count since it happened inside my body,"

Lilia smiled, "Think again!"

When Cain thought about it, he could feel Lilia's magical sensors all around and inside his body. "You're weird," He sighed,

"I'm already used to those kinds of senses. I will fill like getting blinded by removing them." Lilia waved her hand. And then approached Cain, "I'm going to fight as well,"

Cain stared at her, "Don't destroy the whole place,"

Lilia started floating, "Won't you open the dome for me?"

"It's not like you can't faze through," Cain replied.

Lilia looked at him, puffing her cheek, "Let me rely on you from time to time,"

She disappeared.

The titan was durable, but Alice's decay slowly hindered his regeneration. Gracie and Selena kept hitting from blind spots as Sofia drew his attention with attacks. It was only a matter of time before he was defeated.

"I can feel them! They are close!" The titan growled, smiling, "You won't kill me before that!"

"You scream a lot, don't you?" Lilia said, sitting on his shoulder.

The titan glared at her, and for a moment, he saw a horror worse than anything he had seen.

"A cursed god!" He leaped back, swatting her with his hand like a fly.

"A cursed god? Sadly I'm still a mortal. Technically that is." Lilia appeared on his other shoulder.

The girls rushed to attack him, but blue chains held them in place. "Come on! Give me a moment," Lilia said to them with a smile.

Chauntea growled, "Impossible! For her to hold two gods and a fallen angel!"

"Don't forget Selena. She isn't any weaker than the rest," Cain sighed.

The girls relaxed, "Fine, what do you want to do?" Alice asked.

Lilia touched her lips with her finger, thinking, "A titan's body is a valuable ingredient. I want to catch him alive and butcher him slowly. With his regeneration, I can have unlimited access to such rare materials,"

Lilia conjured her staff, pointing it at the titan. "Come on, little mouse." She smiled as her magic spiked.

"Huh?" Chauntea gasped, seeing the extent of Lilia's aura. It is made of pure mana, not a single drop of divine magic. Yet, it overpowered her divine power.

"Listen to my words, you gods!" Lilia shouted, "Divine energy is limited, but mana is infinite. Magic is the stuff of dreams and the only conduit of true power in the world." she pointed her staff at the titan, causing a wave of mana to engulf his body.

The titan screamed, struggled, and wiggled, trying to run away, but it was to no avail. His body shrunk and shrunk till he became the size of a small worm.

Lilia caught him in a small glass bottle, smiling, "Welcome to my collection. Please enjoy your stay." She looked at the ground cracking. Hundreds of smaller titans and giants rose from the ground. They are the reinforcement he was talking about.

Lilia looked down, "Nothing special about you besides numbers," she flicked her fingers, lifting a couple of them and bottling them up.

"The rest of you can just die," she turned around, and a massive slab of compressed magic fell down, crushing them into a paste.

"They will regenerate!" Alice called Lilia.

"Don't worry, I took care of that with a seal." Lilia smiled, "Their bodies will rot over and over, acting as an infinite fertilizer for this desolate layer."

Lilia and the girls returned to Cain, "You did a great job," He said with a smile.

Sofia looked down, "She did everything," Pointing at Lilia.

"Even though I got stronger," Alice sighed with a sad face.

"She took my prey-nya," Selena cried,ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"Thanks for your help with the cleaning," Gracie stared at Lilia with a smile.

Cain patted their heads, "Don't worry, everything will be okay," He smiled and looked at Chauntea, "Can I ask you to turn this layer into a green garden?"

"You want me to make a heaven in hell?" Chauntea stared back at Cain.

Cain shook his head, "This layer has never been about the harsh environment. It was all about what transpired here in the city."

"I still don't agree, but I will do it," Chauntea sighed.

"You surprisingly obedient," Cain smiled.

"Have you seen what Lilia did? Do you want me to go against that?" Chauntea sighed, flying away to terraform the layer.

Lilia laughed, "If I'm willing to be beneath you, most people won't dare resist your orders."