Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Thud! Thud! Cain turned around, staring at the steel door leading downstairs. The disgusting air of Malbolg had started to clear with Chauntea working. Stopping her's aging will have to wait a day or two, but that won't be a problem for her.

'The titan called Alice Asmodeus. That's odd,' Cain walked downstairs, 'Why did Glasya stop him? What is going on?'

"Cain, are you okay?" Alice asked, staring at his face from the side.

Cain smiled, shaking his head, "I'm okay, just thinking about some things." He extended his hand, ruffling her head. He looked away, veins bulging on his face and arms, 'Who's behind all this? Is it you, Silver?'

Alice flinched, sensing something boiling inside Cain. It was the first time she felt his rage. It wasn't pleasant. She wanted to call him but feared he might snap at any moment.

~Umberlee, how is the progress over there?~

~Going well, we're almost at a million brains collected. Of course, we didn't hurt any settlement that surrendered. There has been no sighting of the demon lords so far, but we got mixed reports about the daughters of the pale night watching from afar~

~The demon lords are waiting for her to make her move first, be a sacrificial lamb. Send a summon for me in case she appears,~

~Understood,~

"Cain, what are you thinking about-nya?" Selena approached Cain, leaping on his back.

Cain faced her with a smile, "I was checking on the abyss war. Everything seems to be okay,"

Lilia approached them, "What about the other thing? You looked unpleased, to say the least, earlier."

"It's nothing," Cain shook his head, "I will figure it out,"

Lilia nodded, "I see...But you won't figure it out as long as you keep it to yourself,"

"I'm serious. I might even be worrying for nothing." Cain smiled, "You won't need to tire yourself with it,"

Lilia closed her eyes, "I see. Well then, I don't need to tell you who is planning all of this, do I?" She turned around.

"Wait! You already know?" Cain gasped.

"Yeah! I thought you would figure it out alone?" Lilia looked back at him.

"Tell me! It would be safer if we attacked first, clearing all those unexpected events," Cain stared at her.

"No, I won't tell you." Lilia stared back at him, "You're a hard head and only learn by experience. If I told you now, you would keep ignoring help."

"You're endangering everyone," Cain growled.

"I'm not. I'm watching everything, so it should be okay." Lilia approached Cain, touching his stomach with her palm, "The culprit is just like this, in the palm of my hand,"

"What will it take to make you speak?"

"I won't speak, give up and start thinking." Lilia smiled as they entered the bedroom. With a tip tap, she leaped toward the couch and laid on her stomach, "GAIA, a massage!"

ZON! The inevitable maid appeared out of nowhere, "As you order,"

Cain sighed, dropping on the bed, his eyes closed, "Someone is watching us and planning in the background, and it isn't Mary this time."

Thud! Sofia sat beside him, combing his hair, "We will figure it out. Calm down,"

"I'm calm, as much as I should be," Cain looked at her with a wry smile.

"Can we help you?" Alice stared at him, her eyes focused on his face.

"Who do you think it is? That titan called you Asmodeus. He knows about the one at Nessus. Why did Glasya seal him if he was against her father's enemy?"

"That Asmodeus is supposed to be me. Why are we considering her bad? Could it be that Glasya and the titans got fed the wrong information to make them fight?" Alice said with a thinking face.

Gracie looked at them, "It doesn't matter who is behind all of this. As long as the new system arrives, it's our win." An objective answer built upon all that she knows.

"What do you think, Selena?" Cain looked at Selena, who sat cross-legged on the ground with her eyes closed.

"A strong and crafty person-nya!" Selena growled, racking her brain to think.

"That's right. Who do you think it might be?" Cain asked, looking at her.

"AH!" Selena opened her eyes. And she found an answer. With eyes sparkling and tail spiked, she turned around, pointing at Lilia, "Her!"

Everyone stared at her with a dumbfounded faces, "What?"

Lilia opened her eyes, "Ara! You make me feel sad. I might start laughing. Why do you say it's me?" Lilia replied, looking at Selena.

"You're the only one Cain can't control-nya" Selena stood, glaring at Lilia with a worried face.

Lilia laughed, "Sorry to disappoint, but it ain't me. If I wanted something, I would take it. It's someone else. You don't have to worry about this midget going rogue."

Cain sighed, "She's right. She has no reason to go against us. We're helping her take Mystra down,"

Lilia nodded, "That's my Cain, but I have one reason to turn around against you," she smiled, "You're not giving me enough love," She stared at Cain with a smirk.

"Fine, come here," BONK! Sofia smacked him on the head.

"What is it?" Cain stared at her, scratching his scalp.

Sofia pointed to the back where Serin stood, staring at the ground with a slightly pinkish face. "She's already waiting,"

Cain giggled. He almost forgot about her.

Lilia nodded, hopping toward Serin, "You're that angel sent by Chauntea, want to go before me?"

Serin shook her head, "No, I won't dare make you wait. Please go ahead. I go later."

Lilia smiled, "You know what? Let's go together. If you are alone. I bet you will feel lonely,"

Serin bowed deeply, "I will gladly accept that offer,"

With a smirk, Lilia teleported behind Serin and grabbed her chest, squeezing it. "Look, Cain. They are big and soft!" She smiled before grabbing Serin's butt, "This down here is also good. My fingers are sinking in."

Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

"Lady Lilia," Serin cried.

"Say, do you have any preference?" Lilia started floating, lifting Serin with her.

"No, no..." Serin cried, glaring at the ground.

"Then you're okay with anything." Lilia smiled, staring at Cain, "Heard that. Feel free to tease her as much as you want."

The two approached Cain, sitting between his legs. With shaking hands, Serin pulled Cain's pants down and took his meat in her hands. Her fingers couldn't close around it, and there was no way such a long thing could fit inside her.

"Should I start with my mouth?" Serin asked, staring at Cain with a puzzled face. "Do as you like," Cain replied, smiling.

Serin glared at his meat for a second. She opened her mouth and licked the tip, slowly sucking on the head. Lilia looked at her with a smile and lifted her hand up, grabbing her by the hair, "Take it deeper. You can do it!"

With that, Lilia forced Serin to take the whole head in her mouth. It could barely fit through her lips.

Gracie in the back stared at them with a passive face and then lifted her skirt. She slowly lowered her panties, sitting them on the table. Without hesitation, she pugged a finger in the front and in her rear, wiggling them like crazy as she moaned loudly.

Lilia stood, sitting on Cain's thigh, and started licking his nipples, "Come on, Cain. Get her over with quickly so we can play,"

"Waiting to make things better. Bear with it," Cain kissed her, and her hips wiggled, writhing on his thigh.

Serin stopped licking and stood up, "Can you please?" She looked down, "Put it in?"

Lilia stared at her, "An advice. Push that whole thing down your throat. Unless you get it nice and wet, you will be the one to suffer."

With a red face and tearing up, Serin replied, "Sorry, I'm not used to putting such a thing in my mouth. I would throw up,"

"Don't worry, I will go slowly," Cain said, getting ready, but Lilia stopped him. "Hold on a bit," She stared at Serin with a smile, "See all the girls around here?" She looked at Sofia, Alice, Selena, Melissa, and everyone else.

"I can read your mind. In fact, I hear what everyone here is thinking. And I don't like the thought I heard in your head now," Lilia stood, approaching Serin and glaring into her eyes.

Serin's knees started shaking, and her face turned pale, "Say it to my face, and you will get off with a simple humiliation."

Serin fell on her knees as they gave up, "Please, I won't do it again,"

Lilia started thinking, "Cain already knows, so how about you take responsibility? I'm sure that will be better for you."

"Master, don't tease her too much. It wasn't that bad," Cain sighed.

"It might be for you, but that's an insult to me." Lilia glared at him. And then back at Serin, "This is the man I chose to step over me. What should I do with you now?" Lilia glared at Serin, grabbing her by the hair.