Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"What did she call me?" Cain asked, staring at Lilia, who glared at Serin.

"Why don't you ask her? I'm sure she will be pleased to answer your question, hear it from her mouth," Lilia smiled, "Or was you listening to her mind?"

Cain shook his head, "I only listen when I feel something needs it. I don't go around peeking into people's minds like you."ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"I..." Serin stared at Cain, looking down, "Don't worry about it. Words alone don't carry power. And thoughts are even less significant." Cain pulled her in, "Let's get down to business. I do want to get back to work."

Serin stared at him, her face slightly turning red.

Lilia stared at them, "He was being literal. Cain meant he thought about going down to Maladomini." She giggled, "I'm still bugging his head. And his eyes are Silver, the ice hero."

Serin stared at Cain, "You can't. That man isn't normal,"

Cain shook his head, "Neither am I," Clenching his fist, his magic spiked momentarily before calming down. "Forget it, for now. I will deal with him later." He pulled Serin toward him, turned her around, and sat her on his lap.

FLAP! Serin's wings almost smacked him in the face. Cain looked at them, extending his hand to touch the base. "Depending on the god. True-born angels find it hard to hide their wings."

As strange as it may seem, humanoid angels with white wings and halos are rare. Since most of them are the gods' special guards, they got designed for power rather than beauty and elegance.

Some angels have weird shapes, like Lolth Yochlol, who are eyes blobs of goo, Mystra's magic cubes, and Primus's steel modrons.

[Polymorph] With a single touch, Cain hid Serin's wings, causing her to gasp. "What did you do?" She writhed, feeling the wings sink back into her body.

"Those wings can get in the way, so I hid them." Cain replied, his hand slowly touching her back, "I can get them back," [Polymorph]

"AHHH!" Serin growled, her back contorting as the wings came back. She gasped, feeling like taking a satisfying shit.

[Polymorph] Cain cast the spell again, hiding her wings, and she fell on her face, "Can you stop? I'm not used to that spell,"

"They stay hidden for now. Come closer," Cain replied, and Serin pushed her butt closer to him. With his hand, he moved one bun to the side and stared inside. After resting his meat on the entrance, he slowly applied force to push inside.

It was tighter than Cain expected, but the entrance was slimmer than any woman he had seen. Even Gracie wasn't like this. 'I feel like someone had a complex to make it like this. That old goddess must be getting dry,'

"AH!" Serin growled, feeling the pressure build below her. "It can't fit,"

Cain grabbed both but and turned Serin to face him, "Say, do I make it small or force it inside? I can do both,"

Serin looked around. Her body contorting, she could see how massive Cain was. He could punch her liver with that thing.

"Are you scared?" Lilia stared at her with a smirk, "You're the only one scared to do it,"

Serin looked around, and all the girls nodded. Sofia looked at her with a smile, "I won't lie. It will hurt. But you will get used to it quickly,"

"Close your eyes and push it in," Alice nodded.

Serin glared down with a worried face, and then Gracie approached her, "Come here, open your mouth,"

"Why?" Serin stared at her. And then remembered, "Your spit? I won't eat that,"

Gracie nodded, "You're pushing it inside whether you like it or not. This spit here will make it feel better for you," She grabbed Serin by the face and glared into her eyes, "Open your mouth. I got a big one for you,"

Serin hesitated for a moment before opening her mouth and closing her eyes. Gracie poured the spit directly into her mouth, finishing it with a long kiss just because she could.

Serin's eyes almost rolled back, her head cleared, and she felt like swimming in foam. Gracie's spit tasted sweet and had a strange mint and blood smell lingering in her throat. Her body relaxed, slowly falling.

Cain's meat slowly pushed in, tearing her insides and causing her to bleed. The pain felt like an itch, and clenching her insides felt satisfying.

Cain extended his hand, pointing at her stomach and closing his eyes. With a gust of magic, all the blood disappeared, "It worked," He grabbed her by the hips and started moving, listening to her growl with each move.

"How do you feel?" Cain asked, staring at her with a smile.

"It's strange," Serin mumbled, "I know it hurt, but it isn't painful, more like itchy. Your meat is scratching my insides." She fell on his chest, panting.

Thud! Lilia lay beside Cain, staring at the side of his face with a smile, "I'm feeling lonely," She said with a smile.

Cain looked at Lilia for a moment, "Just wait a bit. I will finish with her soon, and it will be your turn,"

Lilia licked his ear, "Can I borrow Gracie?"

Cain glared at her, "You should ask her, not me,"

Lilia smiled, turning toward Gracie, "Yo! Do you mind if we played a bit? I'm sure you don't. Care to lick me for a start?"

Gracie glared at her for a moment. And then grabbed her by the head, "What?" Lilia gasped as Gracie lifted her and sat in her place, "What are you doing?" She growled, wiggling her arms.

"You're licking me," Gracie put Lilia between her legs.

Lilia looked at her, smiling, "Fine, fine," She nodded, opening her mouth and licking. Gracie growled.

After a few licks, Lilia's eyes opened wide, "It's amazing," She gasped, standing up. Sofia and Alice stared at her, confused.

"What are you doing?" Alice asked.

"It's sweet! No, the taste is a bit strange. It's delicious," Lilia bent, sniffing Gracie, "I knew it. It is an aphrodisiac!" She started to lick vigorously, "Not only your spit, is it this too now?"

After a while, Lilia looked at Gracie, "I would like to test something. Can you help?"

Gracie nodded.

"Okay, Then, wait a moment," Lilia said, flicking her fingers to create a small magic circle and swallowing it. "Okay, I'm done. I got the lab ready to move,"

Lilia started licking again, "The concentration is high, a lot," She pushed one finger inside Gracie, "I will set a controller for you. It will make it possible to control your output,"

"AH!" Gracie gasped, feeling a sting inside her.

Lilia then scratched her chin, "There is something else I'm worried about..." she looked at Gracie's crotch and then opened her mouth, pushing on the whole thing.

"I can't get to it like this," Lilia looked at Gracie, "Can you pee a bit? I'm worried it has an aphrodisiac as well, which will contaminate the whole city you live in,"

Gracie didn't care, she just nodded, and Lilia took what little she left out. "I know it. It isn't piss. it's pure aphrodisiac!" Lilia looked at Gracie, "I bet all of your bodily fluids have turned into pure aphrodisiac after becoming the goddess of succubus."

Gracie looked confused for the first time, "That's a problem,"

Lilia nodded, "We here are a different story. The people who knew you before should be able to resist it, but to a stranger, you're a walking brainwash."

Cain looked at them, "Can you do something about it?" He asked Lilia, who quickly replied, "Yeah, of course, I can,"

Lilia pulled Gracie closer to her, "You're working me to the bone." She looked at Cain, "Do you know much people pay to have me look at their problems?"

"I know you're services aren't cheap," Cain said with a wry smile.

"Considering that I can guarantee a solution to anything I accept, my prices make sense. But I don't usually take money." Lilia explained, "I prefer to get rare things. Or what I need."

Cain giggled, "I remember the western noble of Alseria,"

"He died, and his wife wanted me to resurrect him. So as payment, I took her. I used her in many experiments, and now she lives inside one of my domains."

"Since you're speaking of this, what payment do you want?" Cain knew she was getting onto something.

"Let's see...how about Mystra. Can you help me keep her alive?" Lilia stared at him with a grin, "I can kill her. And get the power, but I want to annoy her."

"Hmmm," Cain glared at her, "So you want me to eat her, take her power, and give it to you? How will you take it?"

"I can extract it, but it won't be pleasant, add the fact I have to enslave you for the time. It's too much to ask just for my fun," Lilia looked at him.