Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"It's not like you can't do it anyway." Cain sighed, "Fine. I will help when we catch Mystra." He replied and then turned back to Serin. She had already climaxed a few times.

Cain grabbed Serin by the chest and slowly increased his speed, "Here is it, your first load." CLAP! With one last powerful thrust, Cain's flesh pierced her deepest spot, unloading everything there until she was about to burst.

"GRWAAAA!" Serin growled as her eyes teared up. Tights shook in ecstasy as she felt a hint of Cain's divine energy burning her inside.

Cain watched her fall on his chest with a smile. He quickly pushed her away and looked at Lilia, "What are you doing?"

"AH!" Lilia pulled her lips from between Gracie's legs, "Making sure she has no more aphrodisiac," Lilia said with a smile.

Cain looked at Gracie's crotch, having a pink tattoo on it, "Did the magic work?"

Lilia nodded, "By the taste. It worked like a charm." She then approached Cain, "Is it my turn,"

Cain stared at her, "Did you just?"

"Multiple doctors did it to diagnose people with sweet blood. It's not strange to have a small taste." Lilia shook her shoulder. And then stat between Cain's legs, "But I don't mind drinking yours if you felt jealous."

Lilia grabbed Arad's meat in her hands. SPLAT! It was already dripping with Serin's cream, and Lilia's fingers almost got covered.

"Nah, thanks. Just clean it," Cain sighed and lay down.

Lilia grabbed his flesh from the base, licking it to the tip and slurping everything on it. She sneaked one of her fingers into Cain's rear end. [Lilia's fingy-dingy] She smiled, causing her finger to grow longer, reaching the prostate.

"Do you know about these?" Lilia smiled.

Cain stared down at her, "Know about what?" He moved them up to his torso.

"Hey! Don't cheat. Pull them back to their place!" Lilia cried, gripping his jewels in her palm and squizzing them.

"Use your tongue, and I will do that," Cain replied, staring at her.

Lilia smiled, "You little rascal," She pulled her finger, licking it. "I told you I will do anything,"

Lilia opened her mouth and extended her tongue, pushing into Cain's rear end.

Cain returned his prostate to their original place as he felt Lilia's tongue inside.

"Hehe," Lilia giggled, CLICK! With magic, her tongue extended deeper into Cain and engulfed the prostate.

"Hey!" Cain stared at her.

~Caught you~ Lilia sent a message to his head.

"Let go!" Cain growled at her, but Lilia didn't care to listen. CRACK! Cain felt a sharp pain in his lower spine as he tried to disable the senses of his lower part.

Lilia's finger was touching his tailbone and was using something to prevent Cain from controlling his body. ~You won't escape~

Cain quickly reached his limit, he couldn't take any longer, and Lilia felt that. She pulled her tongue from his rear end and shoved his meat deep into her throat.

Cain immediately released a while blast into her stomach, filling it up.

"AH!" Lilia took Cain's flesh from her mouth and looked at him with a smile, "You treat more a bit too nicely for my taste," She stood, "Everyone either fear or respect me. Can't you show me something different?" She stepped on Cain's flesh momentarily before sitting.

"She everyone that I, who they fear, is nothing but a stepping stone to you," Lilia said with a grin.

Cain sighed, "Fine, but only you." He looked back, glaring at Gracie, "You heard me, don't mimic her."

Gracie stared at them, "What are you going to do?"

Cain felt that if she saw anything, Gracie would attempt to mimic it. FLICK! Cain flicked his finger, and he and Lilia disappeared. Going into a private dimension where no one would find them.

Lilia looked around her at the empty white room, "Shame, I wanted an audience," She sighed.

Cain approached her, SLAP! Smacking her face, "You wanted this, so close your mouth."

Lilia grinned, "There is no one besides you who can treat me like this. It makes my heart race."

"Come here," Cain pulled her by the hair, [Bed] He pulled a bed from the mansion and sat on it, pushing Lilia to kneel between his legs.

"You were always like this. What do you like about this?" Cain asked.

"People who are always lonely seek the company of others. And I the one always respected and feared, I see to be humiliated, to feel fear, and to be abused like the people I experiment on daily." She kissed the tip of his meat, and Cain forced the whole thing down her throat.

Lilia smiled, feeling it hot dripping down her throat. ~This is more like it,~

After a moment, Cain pulled her from the leg and threw her to the bed. Thud! The moment she landed, she could feel Cain's flesh dig into her rear end.

"AGRAA!"Lilia cried, sensing her butt expand beyond its natural capacity. GR! GRA! GRA! Lilia kept screaming as Cain messed her insides, almost tearing them apart with his bulk.

But even with that, it only took Lilia a few seconds to start taunting Cain to do better. She did that by moving her hips on her own.

Cain grabbed Lilia by the ankle and flipped her on her back. He then lifted her hips and started thrusting while his foot pushed down on her face. To his surprise, Lilia started licking his toes.

As Cain knew that he couldn't beat her like this, he immediately released a load inside her. He then flipped her, so her head dangled from the bed's side.

Cain stood there, grabbed her long ears, and rested his flesh on her face. With his jewels on her mouth, he made himself long enough that his tip reached her belly button and wide enough to be half her throat size.

Cain then pulled back and immediately thrust deep into her throat with a single move. Lilia's body stopped moving for a second before he felt her teeth gently biting into his meat.

~Come on, show me more~

Cain almost gave up. No matter what he does, it doesn't affect her. He started thrusting as hard as he could. "AH!" He emptied another load in her stomach.

He quickly sat on the bed, and Lilia stared at him, "Are you done? I still hadn't had my fun yet." She smiled.

Cain didn't reply to her and closed his eyes. What should he do..."I got it!" He stood.

"Did you call me?" Morena said with a smile, and Lolth appeared behind her. Cain looked at them smiling, "Care to help me with this one?"

Morena looked at Lilia, thinking.

Lilia giggled, walking on all four toward Lolth and licking her toes, "Please, show me something."

Lolth got terrified of the bones from Lilia's action, and she lept to the back, clinging to the ceiling's surface like a spider.

With a nod, Morena, who just ran across Cain's memories, smiled, "I will help." She approached the bad and sat, "Lick them," Extending her feet toward Lilia.

With a smile, Lilia started licking without hesitation. Thud! Morena kicked her in the face, "I can't hear you!" Morena growled at her.

A faint smile ran on Lilia's face, and she kept licking, "Mistress Morena, Mistress Morena." she mumbled.

Morena smiled and turned toward Cain, kissing him, "Eilistraee is dealing with her church now. I can have you all for myself,"

Cain grabbed her chest, squizzing it with one hand while his other hand toyed with her crotch.RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

"Let's put it in," Morena whispered to Cain and sat on his lap. Using her hand, she directed his flesh to her rear end instead of the front. "AH!" She moaned and then looked at Lilia, opening her crotch, "Come here,"

Lilia crawled on all four and quickly put her mouth on Morena's flower.

Morena extended her arms, grabbing Cain's neck, "Please move. Slowly," Cain kissed her.

"AH! AH! That's the spot," Morena moaned, grabbing Lilia's hair and pushing her face into her crotch. "AH!" Morena moaned, letting it in Lilia's mouth.

Morena felt Lilia trying to pull away for a moment and then stopping. She would have been okay with Cain, but she is a bit much. Knowing this, Morena found her way to give Lilia the hell she wanted.

Lilia drank, and drank, and drank, but it never stopped. Morena stared down at her, "I'm a dragon, did you know?"

Cain looked at her, "Dracolich shouldn't be able to do it,"

"I'm special," Morena smiled, finally letting go of Lilia.

Lilia sat on the ground, sighting. "That was delicious, mistress Morena." She bowed down, kissing her toes, "Can I have more?"

"I heard you didn't like Lolth, how about you start with her," Morena kicked Lilia in the face, sending her rolling, "Cain is mine now,"

***

After half an hour, Cain and Lilia walked out of the dimension, stretching their arms, "That was amazing," Lilia said with a smile.

"It was stressful. I hate it. This is the last time." Cain sighed, opening his eyes to see something.

Gracie's naked body hanging from the wall with ropes, and Alice standing beside her with a whip in hand, "Cain, your returned?"