Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

to Cain sighed, staring at Alice getting ready to whip Gracie. "I'm going to sleep," Mentally exhausted after dealing with his peculiar master. He couldn't bother anymore.

Cain crawled to the bed, falling on his face with a thud. Klara approached him, "Master, are you alright?" she asked.

Cain slowly turned his head. Thud! He pulled Klara toward him, hugging her like a teddy bear.

"Master?" she gasped but soon found him fast asleep. "Rest well," combing his hair.

Alice stared at Gracie, "We will save this for later," Everyone went to sleep. They already had enough for one day. They still have work to do later.

Cain opened his yes the next day, drawing between the girls. Klara on top of him, Selena purring on his legs and Alice at his head, Gracie and Sofia stacked beside him, and the succubi curled at his legs. He struggled to sit and then walked out, stretching his arms. "We ended up spending the night."

After wearing his clothes, he exited the room and walked toward Glasya's throne room. Right after getting in, he spotted the succubus he tasked with gathering what he needed. She was talking with one of Chauntea's angels beside the throne.

"Did you get everything I asked for?" Cain called her, and her body shuddered. Unlike Glasya, Cain didn't have his aura blasting all the time. It was almost for the succubi to sense him unless they saw or heard him directly.

"Yes, your lordship. All the items you asked for are ready." She put her head on the ground.

"Stand. There is no need for that." Cain said, approaching the throne. "You're serving my wife and me. So there is no need for you to fear my presence."

The succubus stood, glaring at the angel beside her, who remained standing, "What if he got angry at us? Want him to wipe the whole place?"

The angel shook his head, "I only bow to Chauntea." He stated, staring at Cain, "Well, I don't really mind." Cain replied, sitting on the throne, "That only means I won't go out of my way to help you either."

"Your lordship, where should we move the items?" The succubus gave Cain a slight bow.

"Bring them here if possible. I would take them." Cain replied, "But what were you two talking about?"

The angel looked at Cain, "This place is too filthy. We need to give it an order." The angel replied, "I was talking with her about the possibility of banning all the disgusting sexual activities in the fortress."

Cain scratched his chin, "I can understand if we were somewhere else, but this is the domain of the succubus goddess. You can't bane the essence of the place." He replied.

"Everyone has a chance to repent, and it would be a gloriously deep to cleanse a layer of hell." The angel replied.

"Why do I need to explain this to an angel? A god's domain is a personification of his power and nature." Cain sighed, "Umberlee's domain is an underwater city, Lolth's domain is a spider web, Chauntea's domain is an endless garden, and the succubus goddess's domain is a free sex city. You can't change that."

"The succubi originated from the fallen angels of love. We could return them to their previous glory." The angel stated with confidence.

"That might be possible, but even if I didn't see it, I'm sure you kicked from the heavens because they were angels of love." Cain replied, "True love will always end up with you sticking it in something, so either take or leave both."

"That isn't the case, and we can prove it. No, all love needs to fall into this low disgusting mess," The angel replied.

"I will discuss the matter with Chauntea at a later time. For now. You're dismissed." Cain said.

"Thanks for your time," the angel gave Cain a slight bow before leaving.

"A hard head, isn't he?" The succubus smiled.

"What about the items I asked you for?" Cain stared at her.

ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"I already called the others to bring them here," She replied.

"I see," Cain said, looking up. He then noticed the succubus stealing glances at him every now and then.

"How long are you going to stand here?" Cain asked, staring at her.

"I don't have anything to do now," She replied, looking down.

"Do you want something? You look nervous." Cain asked.

The succubus looked away, "It's nothing,"

For a while, she kept glancing at Cain randomly until he asked again, "You want something, speak,"

"Eh!" the succubus gasped, "Sorry,"

"Don't 'Sorry' me. What do you want?"

Looking at him with a red face, she stared down, "Can I. Suck you for a bit? I never had a god before...No. Please forget what I said."

"You had your fill of Glasya. What are you talking about,"

"I never had a male god," She looked away.

"Just a moment," Cain said, looking away, "No, the other refused." Cain told her, and Gracie immediately appeared beside him, glaring at the succubus, "He's mine." She looked at her with a passive face.

"Sorry, you ladyship Gracie," The succubus bowed.

KNOCK! KNOCK! After a few knocks, the door to the throne room opened, and ten succubi walked in carrying what Cain asked for. A few boxes are full of antidots, antibug chemicals, and ration.

"All of those should be enough," Cain smiled, absorbing everything into the maze with his tentacles.

"Gracie, call everyone here. I need to ask them about something,"

"As you say," Gracie disappeared immediately, appearing a few seconds later with everyone emerging from her shadow.

"The next lair is a bug lair. Does any of you have a problem being covered with spiders, cockroaches, or other insects? She should speak now," Cain said with a smile.

"Bugs are sour-nya. They taste bad." Selena looked down with her tail flailing.

"How do you know?" Cain asked.

Klara stepped forward, "I found her hunting cockroaches and mice around the mansion before. But she told me she is throwing them away." She glared at Selena.

"I only tasted one or two-nya," Selena growled.

Cain sighed, "It won't hurt you to eat them, but please don't do it again. We have enough meat."

Cain then looked at them. Alice was the next one to speak, "I can't let you go without a healer."

"Y-yeah! I won't let you go alone," Sofia puffed her chest.

Lilia smiled, "I'm not going. I will head back to the mortal world and keep doing my work. Call me if you need something. Tell Chauntea I will return to her when she is done with the terraforming."

Cain looked at them, "Fine, you can get back home. Gracie, you will stay here for a while. Get accustomed to your domain."

Gracie bowed, "I do need to beat them into shape."

"You can't go alone," Sofia said, looking at Cain.

"I'm not going alone," Cain smiled, standing up, "Morena, Lolth, and Eilistraee are with me all the time. I will also call the other to accompany me."

Cain clapped his hands together, and a magical door opened. From it, Zaleria, Bela, Hati, and Farryn walked out.

"You called us out of nowhere. Do you need something?" Zaleria looked at Cain with a smile.

"I'm going to dive deeper into hell. Do any of you want to tag along? There are bugs ahead." Cain said with a grin.

Bela smiled, "I did need some centipedes for experiments. Do you think will find some?"

"A single breath is all I need to kill them,"

"Bugs? I don't mind," Hati sighed.

"If course, I will accompany you," Farryn said with a straight face.

"You heard them," Cain said, looking at Alice and the girls, "You can rest. I will take care of the rest for now,"

After the girls left, Cain stood getting ready to go when Bela approached him. "Master, I do have a small request. Care to listen?"

"What is it?" Cain looked at her.

"I can sense the magic of my former husband in this city. Could we pay him a visit?" she said with a smile.

"Want me to free him?"

Bela shook her head, "There is a reason he ended up in this layer. I didn't agree to be his wife." She looked back, "I just wanted to show you off to him."

Cain closed his eyes, "Fine. This is that kind of layer, after all."

Cain grabbed Bela's hand, "You pick the destination, I will teleport us there,"

Bela closed her eyes, and they disappeared.

ZON! They appeared on a spot at the west of the city. Bela's husband was tied to a red hot steel pole, getting whipped by the succubi around there.

"You! It's been a while," Bela called to him. The succubi there glared at her but froze when they saw Cain.

The man turned his dead eyes toward her, "Bela...you ended here as well," He growled.

"No! I'm here with my new husband," She said with a smile, hugging Cain's side.

"Wh...you?" He glared at them, recognizing Cain.

The succubus rushed toward Cain, bowing down with their knees shaking. "Your lordship, how can we help you,"

Bela looked at them with a smile, "That man over there is my former husband,"

"We will release him immediately," The succubi started shaking, thinking they had messed up.

Bela shook her head, "No, I was wondering if you could do me a favor," She crouched to look at the succubi's faces, "I don't want succubi to take care of him. Send him some incubus. I'm sure he will like those more."

"Bela! What are spitting!" The man screamed his lungs out.

Bela stared at him with a smile, "Have fun with them. I'm going to have fun with my new husband," She waved her hand, approaching Cain, "Let's go,"

"YOU!!!!!!!!" The screamed as the succubi around him turned into incubi.