Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Baalzebul stared at Cain, "I'm not used to transforming into a humanoid shape, but I will do my best,"

The massive slug's body started to shake, shrinking and compressing into a humanoid form. It took the shape of a gray-skinned woman with golden lines covering her body and two red eyes. "I will need some time to get used to it."

Cain nodded, smiling. "Take your time. For now, I need to take a nape." He turned around and headed toward the bed to sleep. He was awake for over a day and wanted to rest.

Baalzebul stared at him, "What should I do?"

"Rest for a bit. I will have you tell me about the place in detail when I wake up." Cain curled on the bed.

Lolth, who stood at the side, stepped forward, "Baal, it's been a while."

Baalzebul looked at her, "The goddess of spiders, are you under him as well?"

"Yeah, fought him and lost." Lolth replied, "I'm more interested in knowing how you ended up like this?"

Baalzebul shook her head, "That isn't important. We need to focus on stopping the roaches." She looked at the wall, "Hulking cockroach devils, there are monsters like them in the outside world."

"I know the hulking cockroaches, and they are weak," Lolth replied, gently waving one hand, "They provide a crunchy snack for my spiders."

"Bad news, they are a problem here." Baalzebul said, "With numbers in the millions, a mountain of resistance and terrifyingly strong bodies."

"Come on. I cannot imagine a roach that strong." Zaleria said from the corner.

"I used them for experiments. But those here are devils, not monsters." Bela said, smiling. "They could be a different breed."

"Like demons are to humans?" Hati suggested, "Demon hulking cockroaches?"

"They aren't demons. but pure-blooded devils." Baalzebul explained, "Those bastards get everywhere. A batch of them might have escaped outside and multiplied, adapting to the environment."

Morena snorted, "Roaches are roaches. They are numerous, that would be good. It will just give me more corpses to work with."

Morena was strong against armies since she could turn the soldiers into zombies. With time, she should be able to use the roaches' numbers against them.

"I also don't have a problem against large numbers. I can fly and blast down at them." Zaleria said with a smile.

Baalzebul stared at her, "Those things can fly. They are fast and attack in swarms. Underestimate them. And they will crawl up your ass to eat your insides."

Zaleria smiled, "Good luck with that. My draconic body is hot enough to cook them before they even touch me. Sister, there doesn't even have an ass for them to crawl in."

"She's a dracolich, I see." Baalzebul said, "And you two are...A Fenrir and a lich. Is master a necromancer?"

"It's one of his strong points, but he had divided the power between one of his maids and me. You won't see him use much of it." Morena explained, "But he can still be terrifying if he took all his power back."

Baalzebul nodded, "No wonder he was able to pull me from the cycle of death. How well can he fight? Do we need to worry about protecting him from swarms?"

Zaleria shook her head, "No, he is more powerful with an area of effect magic."

Morena looked at them, "But we have to worry about mental attacks. It's not that his mind is weak, but with the number of things going in his head, the points of failure are numerous."

Bela nodded, "You're a part of him, after all,"

Morena nodded, and so did Lolth, and spoke, "We're parts of his consciousness. Cain has multiple brains in his head, and they all have a small chance of being broken into." Lolth stared at Baalzebul with a terrified face, "But just above his soul, a terrifying elf is sitting."

"An elf?" Baalzebul gasped.

Morena looked at them, "I have some news. Lilia is there as well. To take full control of Cain, you must get their permission." She smiled, "You could say that Cain let them control him so no one else would do."

"Lilia? Are you talking about the laughing tornado?" Baalzebul gasped, taking a step back. "That monster came here a few years before I was dethroned. No one could stop her from taking a bunch of devils and leaving." She sighed, "So master Cain works for her. No wonder he's so strong."

Morena looked at her, "That isn't true. It's true that Lilia taught him magic, but for now, she's one of his wives, and I would dare say she works for him."

"And that elf? What is she?" Baalzebul asked.

"The herald of the world tree. She's strong but not as much as Lilia." Morena explained.

"I would disagree." Lolth said, staring at them with a dead face, "She might be weaker, but she's far more ruthless. Lilia will kill you in one blast, while she would skin you alive."

Morena giggled, "You had a few bad experiences with her."

"Bad doesn't come close. She skinned me alive twice and even made a tree growing inside me." Lolth sighed.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Morena looked at Baalzebul, "Don't try anything funny, and make sure to show proper respect, and they won't harm you. She tried to kill Cain, and that is why she got beaten." She pointed at Lolth with a finger.

Baalzebul nodded, "I don't intend on doing anything stupid. I already made my decision."

Zaleria smiled, "That's good. You will get integrated into the wives when we get back."

"Wives?" Baalzebul shook her head, "I won't dare. To master Cain, I'm but a mere pet. Or at least, a summoned devil."

"Do what you like," Bela shook her head, "But how strong are you?"

"I can control bugs and lightning. And I'm quite fast for a slug," Baalzebul replied, smiling.

"Then get ready. Cain doesn't sleep for a long time. He would be up in about five hours. We might attack at that time." Bela said, turning around, "He already built a shower. I will help myself."

Everyone sat to rest. Bela went to take a shower while Zaleria and Morena started a conversation. Lolth, on the other hand, sat with Hati, doing nothing.

After about half an hour, Hati stood. "Did you feel that?"

"Feel what?" Lolth stared at her.

"I don't. A small disturbance in magic."

"I didn't feel anything. And those would have felt it." She pointed at Zaleria and Morena. Those two were arguing, so they might have missed it. Even Baalzebul had been staring at Cain with a distant look.

"I will ask Bela. She might know." Hati stood and went to the shower.

KNOCK! KNOCK! "Bela! Bela! Did you feel that?"

...

BAM! The door slammed open, and a hulking cockroach emerged, holding Bela's head in his palm, "JOOO!"