Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Huh?" Hati gasped.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

SWOSH! A flesh blob appeared behind her, quickly covered with a brown exoskeleton. "(Behind you!)" Skoll shouted inside her head, conjuring a stone wall to protect Hati from a solid punch.

Morena and Zaleria stood, ready to attack.

SWOSH! Multiple cockroaches appeared out of thin air, blocking their way. "Jojo!"

"Where are they coming from?" Lolth growled, tying them in her web.

"Those bastards!" Baalzebul shouted, looking at the wall.

Outside the stone, hundreds of thousands of cockroaches gathered and cut their throats to die and resurrect inside the stone.

SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH! SWOSH!

The entire room quickly filled with the hulking cockroaches, and Cain woke up to being pushed against the wall with them.

Zaleria, Morena, and Loth got pushed against the wall as well. The whole room flooded with bodies till it exploded.

GHA! Cain gasped, opening his eyes and looking at the sky. ^They filled the room till it exploded. We would have died if we weren't that durable.^

"JOjooooo!" The sky above Cain turned back. The swarms of cockroaches blotted the clouds and filled the air with a menacing rumble.

"Where were all of those hiding?" Cain shouted. FLASH! Crimson red flames rose behind him, "I don't care," Zaleria roared, transforming into her draconic form.

ROAR! Opening her jaw, she unleashed a massive fireblast at the ground. As the flames rose to the sky, Zaleria followed it up. The cockroaches rushed at her, covering her body till they appeared like one massive dark ball in the sky.

CRACK! The cockroach ball cracked with embers of flames rushing out. KABOOM! It exploded in a firestorm as Zaleria flapped her wings fast enough that they seemed invisible. "It's hell, just hell!" Her body ignited, flying over the land at an extreme speed and dropping fireballs.

Morena smiled, "She's going crazy. I should do the same," she transformed, opening her skeletal wings, [Acid Hurricane] Violent winds and droplets of acid swoop by, melting everything in their way.

Hati leaped up, pulling the eternal sword from her palm, "Sister, go all out. We can rely on Cain for MP this time."

"(Got it! Inspired from him, and used with his MP, we're awfully dependant.)" Skoll giggled as Hati swung her blade. [Rods from God]

Hundreds of stone pillars appeared in the higher spot in the sky, falling at an immense speed. "Rods from god. His name is Cain," Hati said, watching the pillars fall on the ground, exploding from their momentum.

"(The hell sky isn't as high as the outer world. The rods didn't get over a fifth of their expected momentum)" Skoll sighed, "(But I was to pull them from the ceiling instead of conjuring them. So we only used out MP instead of pulling from Cain.)"

Hati nodded, "Trading MP for power due to the environmental restriction."

Baalzebul stood on the ruined stone, glaring at the cockroaches, "To think the chance to pay you back came so close." She smiled, "I might still be weak from those years, but feel free to die." She opened her arms.

CRACKLE! Sparks of electricity rushed Across Morena's acidic clouds, quickly evolving into lightning. "You don't mind me joining, do you?" she asked.

Morena smiled, "Do it. I've never been one to refuse to suck an offer." She kept her clouds active while allowing Baalzebul's magic to course through them.

The electricity quickly evolved into black lightning, falling from the sky with booming thunder. Thousands of bolts fell, charring the already ashen ground from Zaleria's fire.

The cockroaches tried to charge in, but their bodies got sliced into tiny bits. Thin threads of slick cut their way and tied them in place. "Since where have Cockroaches dared to enter a spider's layer?" Lolth smiled in her half-spider form.

CRACK! Morena's acidic rain started to freeze, "I'm...as..." Bela stood, her head re-attached to her body. "I'm going to kill you!" she shouted, releasing a gust of cold wind across the sky, turning the place into a frigid wasteland of acid and ice.

As the girls rampaged, the clouds in the sky started to swirl, turning purple-ish-blue. Magic accumulated, and a voice boomed across the sky.

[I didn't expect such a move from mere bugs,] Cain's divine energy started to explode.

"Eh!" Zaleria gasped, looking up at Cain, pointing his staff down, "Hold up! I'm still here!" She cried, flying toward the other girls. "On my back, hurry!" Everyone beside Morena leaped in, then flew up behind Cain.

"What is this magic?" Baalzebul gasped, feeling her stomach turn from the compressed magic.

"I don't know, but my instincts are screaming its death." Zaleria cried.

Morena looked at Cain, "It's telekinetic magic. We should be fine even on the ground. He won't hit us." She explained as if she was a part of him.

The veins on Cain's head bulged, [Telekinetic Splat]

The spell was simple, using telekinetic magic to apply a downward force on a target and attempting to flatten them paper thin. The scary part was the size of the spell as Cain aimed it at every cockroach in the area.

SPLAT! With a loud, disgusting squishing sound, Cain's magic flattened all the cockroaches in one hit, leaving the land dripping with juice.

"HA!" Cain gasped, panting to catch his breath, "I feel lightheaded." He said as Morena grabbed him, "I still have MP, but it was mentally exhausting to use."

"You didn't use that many brains as usual." Morena looked at him, smiling, "You could have been fine had you absorbed Lolth or me."

Cain shook his head, "I just wanted to see how far I can go,"

"It's not over yet! We are in hell!" Baalzebul Shouted, waving her hand from above Zaleria, "We need to run away!"

"JO!"

All the cockroaches immediately resurrected as if nothing happened. There was no stopping their army.

"Another time!" Cain shouted, [Telekinetic Splat]. With a sudden surge of magic, he flattened them all.

Morena turned around and flew as fast as she could, followed by Zaleria, "Where could we even run to?" Zaleria sighed.

"If you can fly, retreat to Malbolg if you can!" Baalzebul, "They shouldn't be able to follow us,"