Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"As you say, my lord," the demon replied, wiggling like a possessed corpse.

Kayden pulled his sword, walking toward the cave.

Thud! One of the bandits leaped out. Pointing a crossbow at Kayden, "Die!" He shouted. Release the bolt.

Kayden's eyes wiggled as he saw the bolt slowly approach him. The veins on his arms bulged as he held the sword. Swosh! CLANG! He cut the bolt in one swing cleanly from the tip to the feather.

The bandit quickly reloaded the crossbow, breaking one of his nails as he pulled the string quickly with extreme force. Luck only hit one. If the intruder deflected one bolt the second would land on his neck.

BAM! The bandit fired the second bolt, dropping the crossbow and reaching for his sword. He didn't bother to make sure if the bolt hit or not. He rushed forward to stab Kayden anyway.

Kayden saw the second bolt rush at him. It was slower than the first and wouldn't even hit him. Even so, he was impressed to see a dog shoot a crossbow. As a warrior, he needs to pay him respect. With his blade pointing up from the first swing, Kayden slashed down, cutting the bolt in half.

Thud! Thud! Thud! The bandit rushed in, stabbing with his sword.

Kayden swung his left palm to the left, deflecting the attack. Pointing his blade forward was all he needed so the bandit would stab himself.

BLUH! The bandit puked blood as Kayden's sword pierced his guts.

"This is the end," Kayden said with a passive face, staring at the bandit with six glowing red eyes.

"Demon..." The bandit growled, his head looking down. Thud! He wasn't done yet, pulling a dagger from his waist and swinging at Kayden's neck.

CLANG! The dagger hit Kayden's neck, finding it as hard as stones.

Kayden turned his sword, making the edge point upward. "A good attempt, but you lack strength." SWOSH! Kayden swung his blade up, cutting the bandit from the guts to the head.

As the corpse fell on the ground, Kayden dripped some of his blood on it, turning the bandit into another demon. "Guard the place. Don't let anyone escape."

The newborn demon rose up, bowing as it leaped into the shadows of the cavern.

Cain watched, smiling while the woman shook in terror. Kayden's moves were fast. She couldn't even see them. What kind of monster was he? A six-eyed race? She never heard of such a thing. The closest she can think of is Lolth arachnoids. But those have eight eyes and most on the forehead.

Kayden had six eyes; two in the regular place, two on his cheek, and two in his eyebrows.

"What is he?" She gasped.

"A demon lord. No, He is THE DEMON LORD." Cain replied, smiling. "Have you heard of the unholy child of devils and humanoids? Those are demons and albeit created with magic. Kayden stole the title from the previous demon lord." He explained.

"Demons? Those people are insane," The woman growled. "And he sees you as a dog, and everyone weaker than him is the same," Cain said.

Kayden stepped forward, the sword in his hand, as he glared at the cave entrance.

Five people hid behind the entrance, ready to leap at any moment.

Confidently, Kayden walked in.

THUD! THUD! THUD! THUD! THUD! The bandits leaped in. two swinging at Kayden's neck. One stabbing at his side and one at his guts. The last one aimed at his knees.

Kayden's body started bending backward. Quickly his neck was out of the range of the first two attacks, and the other two missed as his torso went flat. When the sword approached his knees, Kayden's legs levitated with a small jump, and his body was perfectly horizontal in the blink of an eye.

Those moves were inhuman, confusing the bandits as they saw Kayden make such a strange dodge.

Thud! Kayden switched into a reverse grip and plunged his blade into the ground, supporting his whole body with just that. The bandits backed away.

Kayden's eyes glared at them, "You aren't attacking anymore?" He asked while lying perfectly flat, supported only by his sword.

"GRWA!" One of the bandits screamed, rushing forward with a downward swing. Kayden lifted his left hand. Thud! He caught the bandit's sword with ease. "You lack strength," CRACK! The blade shattered under Kayden's immense grip strength.

"AHH!" The bandit shouted, swinging a kick at Kayden's side. CRACK! Kayden didn't move and let the hit get in. Sadly, the bandit broke the tibia bone on Kayden's hard hip.

"What are you made of?" The man growled, falling on his face. He cried in agony.

Kayden stood, "Flesh and bones," He looked at the bandit, swinging his sword. CLING! The bandit's head rolled on the ground, blood splashing everywhere.

"Why did you attack Kali's shrine? Don't you have a better place to steal from than children?" Kayden growled, "But, guess dogs can't understand." SWOSH! His body disappeared. THWACK! Moving at a supersonic speed, Kayden left a shockwave behind him as he rushed toward the bandits.

They couldn't even see him, let alone react. They were dead before they could hear his last sentence.

Kayden's blade sliced through the bandit's torso like butter, But with the swing being even faster than Kayden himself, their organs accelerated enough to explode. BAM! In a splash of blood, the remaining four bandits died with a bang loud enough to alarm everyone in the cave.

"I see him!" A bandit shouted, pointing a staff at Kayden. [Fireball]

Kayden saw the raging ball of flames approach him. He took a stance and ran at a normal speed. Swinging his sword up while taking a deep breath. CLANG! He cut the Fireball in half.

"What?" The mage gasped. [Lightning bolt] [Fireball]

Kayden's sword flashed purple as he covered it with demonic magic. Exhaling, he swings sideways and cut the lightning. For a moment it seemed strange, but looking closely, his demonic magic consumed the mage's magic stored in the spell, cutting it. So the lightning bolt turned purple just a moment before fading.

The mage's third spell, a second Fireball approached Kayden. But this time he didn't swing his sword and instead lifted his palm. Clenching a fist, he punched the flames.

BAM! The Fireball turned purple, deflecting back at the mage.

"This bastard!" The mage lifted his staff, conjuring a glass-like barrier. BOOM! The Fireball hit the barrier and exploded in a purple rose of flames, shattering it.

"On him!" The mage cried, and two heavily armored bandits rushed forward. Ting! He poked the ground with his staff, [Stone spear]

Just behind the two armored Bandits, tens of stones and spikes rose from the ground, rushing toward Kayden.

Kayden sheathed his sword, looking forward. This would have been the perfect opportunity to use his demon sword art, but those dogs are too squishy, and the cave won't hold against the impact.

But there is one skill he can use that won't destroy everything. Thud! Firmly planting his foot on the ground, Kayden took a deep breath. [Demon Sword Art: Flesh Blade]

Kayden pulled his sword from the sheath. It has turned fully black with red eyes on its whole length, with has increased to double.

Kayden thrusts his sword forward, and the blade weaved between the bandits and stones like a snake, stabbing the mage in the back.

Kayden then pulled his sword, causing the snake-like twisted blade to snap back into a straight edge, cutting everything that it wiggled around, including the two armored bandits.

Cain and the woman walked into the cave behind Kayden, seeing the carnage he left behind. "They didn't stand a chance." Cain smiled, "Well, they are regular drow,"Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The woman looked in terror, her knees shaking just from seeing the corpses of the people she considered comrades for years.

After a while, Kayden appeared, walking out from the darkness, His clothes clean without a single drop of blood on them. "You done?" Cain asked.

Kayden nodded, "One ran from the back, but my demons ate him. Sadly, they have already eaten all the food." He said, looking sad.

"Don't worry, we can always buy more," Cain replied.

"Listen to your own words," Kayden replied. "WE can, not the children. What would happen after we leave? Bastards like those would only leave the kids at the shrine to die of starvation."

Cain scratched his head, "If I remember correctly, you left two demon dogs guarding that place. How did those bandits manage to steal the food in the first place."

"They bait the children, ask them to bring the food out away from the shrine," Kayden replied.

"So it's their problem?"

"No, children are the last I would blame. It isn't their fault they were tricked, and they shouldn't even need to think of such things." Kayden replied, staring at the corpses, "Those dogs are to all the blame."

Cain nodded, "How about I help you make the demons you make more intelligent?"