Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The orc's rushed across the mountain, "Trample all! Trample all!" Growling as they killed everyone in their way.

The villages were evacuated, and the people ran away without second thoughts. There was no negotiating with the orcs, and only death awaited those who were brave enough to fight.

As the ground shook and soaked with blood, the orcs stopped, glaring at the sky in terror, "Look!" One of them shouted, his eyes opening wide.

A whole flock of dragons emerged from the far mountains, flying across the sky like migrating birds.

"What are they doing here?" the orc leader growled, "Retreat to the caves and let them pass," He shouted, and the army retreated.

When the dragons arrived, they landed beside the villages instead of flying away. The people living there gave up running, and everyone made peace with their death until one of the dragons opened his mouth.

"Under Tiamat's order," The old dragon growled, coughing.

"Tiamat?" The orc leader gasped, "She is dead, is their king spotting some stupid plan?" He was confused.

"We're here to massacre all the orcs and protect the humans." The dragon declared, glaring at the mountains, "Spawns of Gruumsh, the one-eyed orc god. Nothing personal, but our goddess wants you dead," He opened his jaw, unleashing a lightning blast toward the mountain, tearing it apart.

"Kill them!" The other dragons roared, rushing at the mountains with everything they got. Most of them were too old to fight, falling after unleashing a single breath, and some could barely jump around.

But dragons are still dragons. The orcs stood no chance. They all got trampled against the unstoppable might of the apex predators.

***

Cain watched from his mansion, smiling, "They are working, but won't this anger Gruumsh?"

Sofia looked at him, "Who is Gruumsh?" tilted her head with a puzzled face.

"Gruumsh, the one-eyed Orc god? Usually, when those idiots move like this, it's his orders. You didn't know?" Cain stared at her.

Sofia stood there and then panicked, "Did I start a war with another god?"

Cain nodded, "Of course you did. But don't worry, I will deal with him," Cain sighed, another god on his list.

Sofia remained frozen. She couldn't believe she just made herself the enemy of a god. "Cain, I'm sorry..." She was about to cry, but Cain laughed.

"I would have attacked him eventually, don't worry about it." He smiled, "Lolth,"

Lolth appeared in front of Cain, "Did you call me?"

"You were Corellon's wife for some time and then betrayed him for Gruumsh. Is that true?" Cain asked.

"Yes," She replied.

"Care to tell me about Gruumsh's weakness?"

"Gruumsh is stupid. His mental capacity is so low it's a shame on the gods to call him an equal. He literally can't tell if an action is sane or not, starting war all over the place." She looked at Sofia, "Just like her now."

"Hey, did you just call me stupid?" Sofia growled.

"Sofia didn't know, but Gruumsh doesn't care. That's the difference." Cain said, staring at her, "How could we kill him?"

"Like all other gods, you can only kill him in his domain. I suggest a confrontation as that would be the simplest way. He has the most resistance of all the gods. So he is quite durable." Lolth explained.

"Direct confrontation, and he's tough. What else do you have?" Cain looked at Lolth.

"Nothing, he's just a thought existence. If you want to kill him, there is no other way than the grind," Lolth sighed, "That's why most gods ignore his actions as they know dealing with him is a pain."

"But Corellon fought him and won." Cain looked at Lolth.

"Corellon used his special sword to blind Gruumsh's left eye. That was enough to win him the fight." Lolth sighed, sitting on the couch facing Cain.

"You really cause a god's fight," Cain sighed.

"First Corellon, then Gruumsh, and now you." She smiled, looking at Cain. "Multiple gods chased after me, what do I say?"

Cain sighed, "I would say you jumped from one to the other. You had no need to betray Corellon. You even tried to do the same to me at the start."

"But now I changed my mind." Lolth smiled.

"I find it hard to believe." Cain relaxed on the cough.

"It will take Gruumsh a bit to notice that his army is crushed, relax for now," Lolth closed her eyes.

Cain stood, "Since I have the time, let's go see what Bahamut has made," He smiled.

Everyone stood and followed him to the forge. "Cain, can I have a moment?" Sara called him.

"Did you need something?" Cain replied.

Sara looked down, "I just wanted to say thank you. For taking care of orcs." She mumbled.

Cain looked back, "Sofia, come here for a moment," Sofia approached them.

"The one who dealt with the orc is her, not me." Cain pushed Sofia forward.

"Lady Sofia, thank you for dealing with the orcs." Sara bowed to her.

Sofia shook her head, "No," she got confused. In one part, Sara was the princess of her kingdom, and then in the other part. She is a part of the wives. "You're one of the wives. Of course, I would help you."

Sara shook her head, "I'm not a part of the wives. I and Noel are but consort. We wouldn't dare to call ourselves wives." she looked down.

Thud! Cain grabbed her by the head and glared at her, "Who said that?"

Sara panicked for a moment and then looked down, "We can't stand with the wives. Compared to them, we're mere shadows in the background."

"That isn't true." Cain replied, "Come to me after we finish inspecting the armor and weapons and I will have a solution." He smiled, trying to think of a way to fix things.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

***

Into the forge, Cain got the first glimpse of what Bahamut made, starting with his own set.

Cain got a set of platinum armor with unbelievable mana conductivity and durability. The set was easily enchantable, so Cain did just that and made it blend into his skin.

"The new system is about to start, and I want to enchant them there. For now, let's use them as they are." Cain looked at the armor. Its base stats were enough.

The next this was his weapon, and Bahamut only left a plain cylinder of platinum. When Cain lifted it, his steel staff vibrated, consuming it. He was left with a single staff, a mixture alloy between steel and platinum.

"Inanna, how is it?" Cain asked, and a flaming woman appeared beside him, "It's amazing. The metal's durability is unbelievable." she smiled, "I don't have to worry about melting it,"

"Since platinum is one of the hardest materials in the world, and now added your and mine magic." Cain said, smiling, "This staff has become an indestructible magic item."

Inanna nodded and looked across the forge. "All the weapons here are blank, they lack any magical properties."

Cain nodded, "They are intended for me to enchant them." Cain looked at her, "I need to make sure I give each weapon and armor enchantments that compliment the user or buff them."

"Why don't you enchant your weapons?" Inanna asked.

"I'm trying to develop a new enchantment method using the magic I learned from Lilia." Cain smiled, "I have plans for a dimensional sword that can create portals when swung. And an armor that fully absorbs spells that hit it."

"You have the plans? Did you figure out their magic circuit?" Inanna glared at Cain, surprised.

Cain shook his head, "Not fully. There are some parts that I still need to work on them."

"Cain!" Alice rushed to Cain with a chain shirt, "Look at this. It's amazing." She gave it to him.

When Cain lifted it, it was light. "As if it was made of mithril, but this is platinum. How did Bahamut achieve this?"

"It's really a masterpiece," Inanna nodded.

Cain looked around, everything that Bahamut made looked bland from the outside, yet it help so much power. He didn't care about the flashy look or jagged edges.

Everything that the metallic dragon made was simple, and generic in look. If someone looked at them, he would swear they were but mundane weapons and armor crafted at a local smithy.

"Going simple. Nothing fancy and just functionality, I can respect that," Cain gave the chain shirt back to Alice and turned around.

"Well, I still have to get ready to enchant everything, but that won't be easy." Cain smiled, "Everyone!" He shouted.

All the girls stooped and stared at him, "I will enchant all of your weapons and armor later. So take your time to think of what I should enchant it with." Cain stated. It was better for the girls to pick what they think is best for them.

Everyone started inspecting what Bahamut made for them. Some focused on the design while others started testing what they got immediately. But Cain had something else to do. He walked immediately toward his room, calling Sara and Noel.