Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Sara slowly opened the room's door, peeking her head from the crack. "Cain, are you here?" She called.

"Come in," Cain replied from the inside, and she slowly pushed the door open. "Is Noel with you?"

Sara looked behind her. Noel hid behind the door, "Come in as well. You're the one who asked me to open the door." She pulled her in and closed the door.

"Do you know why I called you here?" Cain asked with a smile, and Sara looked away, "Of course, I'm not stupid." her face was slightly red.

Noel pushed her, "Come on, you go first." But Sara stared at her, "No, you go first."

"You brought me here," Noel pushed Sara forward.

"It wasn't me. Cain called us both here," Sara replied, pulling Noel by the wrist.

Cain looked at them with a smile, "Here, use this," He threw them a coin.

Noel caught the coin and stared at it, "I see," She smiled, "Heads or tails?" Said, looking at Sara.

"Heads," Sara replied with a firm voice, staring at the shiny gold coin.

With a smile, Noel threw the coin up and let it fall on the ground, no touching or anything.

Sara gulped down, stealing glances at Cain as the coin bounced. She didn't want to go first. She had no idea how to act alone and didn't want to embarrass herself. Her best Chance was letting Noel be the sacrificial sheep.

Noel smiled as the coin rolled on the ground. To her, it didn't matter. If she went first, it was all good, but she wanted to see her sister scrambling to get anything done alone. 'Come on, sister. Lose,' She smiled inside.

The coin rolled and finally reached a stop. The two girls gasped, stepping away from it in shock. "That can't be!" Sara gasped as her eyes opened wide.

"Impossible. What are the chances?" Noel stared at the coin in disbelief.

The coin stood straight. It landed upright with no face-winning.

The two girls stared at Cain. He was smiling. "It seems like you will go together," He said, calling them in.

It only took Sara a few seconds to realize it, "It can't be. It was you!" She gasped. Noel stared at her, "What do you mean?"

"He tampered with the result. Just look at that smile." Sara replied.

Cain giggled, "I called you both for a reason," He said, "Do you understand?"

Sara stared at him, "I see! If you wanted to take each of us alone, you would have called us separately. Instead, you called us together." She said.

"Was this your plan?" Noel stared at Cain, "Yes, do you have a problem?"

Noel and Sara looked at each other, "No, we don't mind going together." They replied, "But can you take the lead?" Sara asked Cain.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

Noel nodded, "Yeah, I would agree."

Cain smiled, "Well them, come closer." He called them.

The two girls approached Cain, "Should we take out cloth first?" Sara asked.

"No need, for now. We will take them off as we need," Cain replied, pulling her toward him.

Sara sat on Cain's left hip while Noel sat on his right. The two girls started at each nervously, "What should we do?" Sara mumbled.

"You two just relax," Cain replied, his hand slowly creeping at Sara's chest and Noel's butt, rubbing them slowly.

"AH!" Sara moaned. Her chest was the biggest one Cain had and the most sensitive. As soft as dough yet firm enough to offer some resistance, coupled with her heavy breathing, it felt amazing.

On the other hand, Noel's butt was a bit hard and stiff. She was a soldier, and all those muscles had to stay. But they were nowhere near Selena's, whose butt could get harder than steel.

Cain could squeeze Neol's tighter, but he feared hurting her. To him, she was far more fragile than the other girls.

"Since we're here. Say, what do you want to do?" Cain looked at them with an amused smile.

The two girls looked at each other, "Can we not say?"

"You're going to watch each other doing it anyway. Where is the problem in speaking?" Cain looked at them. "If you kept shying like this, I would have to call the maids to help you get in the mood,"

Surprisingly, Sara was the one to speak first, "I do feel better with my chest. Can we stay like this a bit more?" She asked. Cain nodded with a smile, "Of course, I will focus more on that. What about you, Noel?"

Noel looked away, "I don't know," She mumbled with a slightly reddish face.

Cain stared at her for a moment and then smiled, "Well then,"

Knock! Knock! After just two knocks, the room's door opened, and Katherine walked in, "Master did you call me?"

Noel panicked for a short moment, but she quickly calmed down.

"Yes, Noel here doesn't seem to have confidence, and I was thinking you might be able to help her," Cain replied.

Katherine looked at Noel, "That's the princess. I suck at bed assistance, you know?"

Cain smiled, "I know, but I think you will be more of a help to Noel specifically. Both of our energetic and I think she might learn a thing or two,"

Katherine bowed slightly, "I understand," She replied and then stared at Noel and Sara, trying to remember what she was supposed to say. "I'm here as an assistant and by no means trying to take your places. Feel free to kick me out if you feel uncomfortable," She struggled to remember each word.

The last thing a maid wants is to get on the lady's bad side. Even if Cain himself didn't care and even if most of the ladies didn't mind. Some might still feel uncomfortable deep down. Those worries were magnified even more when the subject is the eldest princess Sara and the general princess Noel.

Katherine then stared at Noel, "Let's start by explaining the basics," She smiled, "Master Cain doesn't really mind what your fantasies are. He can pretty much accept most things. So you don't need to fear him getting angry,"

"That isn't the problem," Noel mumbled.

"The problem is that you're embarrassed to speak." Katherine said with a smile, "I also felt like you the first time, but that feeling usually goes away after the first time you start what you want. Lady Alice was the one who allegedly suffered the most from it."

"What?" Noel stared at Katherine.

"No matter how weird the things you want, there is always someone with something weirder. And now, probably no one can beat headmaid Gracie in that," Katherine smiled, "She told me earlier that she wanted to ask Cain to erase her memories, and give her a fresh first time."

Noel shook her head, "That isn't what we're talking about."

"So speak, what do you like?" Katherine glared at her.

"I don't know," Noel mumbled.

"Then we will have to try everything," Katherine smiled, "Lady Sofia likes to suck him, so you should start with that,"

Katherine went on her knees between Cain's legs and slowly pulled his meat out, giving the tip a kiss. "Lady Noel, please come closer," She said and then looked at Cain, "Master, please enjoy your time with Lady Sara in the meantime,"

Cain grabbed Sara by the shoulder, kissing her while squeezing her chest.

Noel looked closer at Cain's flesh. It was larger than to fit in her mouth. "I can't do it,"

Katherine looked at Cain, "Master,"

Cain stopped kissing Sara and replied, "You have permission to act as you please."

Katherine smiled, bowing down and kissing Cain's foot, "Thanks," She then stood and grabbed Noel by the hair, "Since you're so hesitant, I will resort to more in-hand methods," She said with a smile, "Open your mouth," She pulled Noel's head toward Cain's flesh.

Noel opened her mouth, "Wait, I will do it alone..." Katherine didn't wait. She immediately pushed Noel's head forward, jamming the tip inside her mouth.

"I know you don't do it alone," Katherine replied, "I will give you the push you need," Seh smiled, Moving Noel's head back and forth.

"By the way, I didn't tell what I asked from Cain." Katherine smiled, "I asked him if I could do this, and he gave me the green light."

"AH!" Sara moved her mouth away from Cain, "What does she mean?"

Cain smiled, "Katherine like to see other girls having a hard time. She enjoys the pain of others,"

Cain then approached Sara's ear, "She also likes the smell of sweat. And doing it right after training,"

"Hey! You weren't supposed to say that!" Katherine heard him and gasped.

"What's the harm?" Cain smiled, "You didn't ask me not to tell anyone."

"That isn't the point," Katherine sighed.

"What's the point then?" Cain looked at Katherine with a smug smile. "I have another thing to say about you. Care to risk it?"

Katherine stared at Cain for a while. "Please don't."