Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Cain laughed, looking at Katherine with a smug face, "You worry too much. I won't say anything, relax,"

Katherine sighed, "Fine, I understand." She grabbed Noel by the head and pulled her away. "Let Lady Sara have him for now," She said.

Sara sat on Cain's lap, her hips shaking as she felt something poke between her legs.

"Cain..." Sara mumbled, resting her head on Cain's chest with her eyes closed.

"Relax," Cain said, pushing two fingers inside her, "You're still a bit stiff." He said with a smile.

Sara slowly lifted her head, looking at him with a red face, "But..." She closed her eyes and looked down, "It's bigger than before,"

Cain kissed her, "You can take it," He smiled, "Relax," He started putting it in.

Sara tightened her insides as if resisting the push. "Take a deep breath and relax. You're making it harder on yourself," Cain said, pushing two fingers in her butt.

"AHHH!" Sara cried as Cain's flesh slowly pushed inside, stretching her to the limit. She could feel him inside her belly.

"It's in," Sara panted, looking at Cain with a smug smile.

"Look down," Cain said, and Sara looked at her crotch, Cain still a fist length to go. "No way, it can't get in,"

"It can," Cain said, grabbing Sara by the hips and pulling her down.

AW! Sara cried, "It can't fit," She looked at Cain with tearing eyes.

"You still haven't relaxed," Cain replied. He then looked at Katherine, "Care to help?"

Katherine had pushed Noel onto the ground and started fingering her to death, "Of course," She stopped, standing and leaving Noel panting on the ground.

Katherine stared at Sara, "There are multiple ways I can help. What should I use? Rough, soft, or mixed?" She asked, looking at Cain and Sara.

"What do you say?" Cain looked at Sara.

Sara turned back and looked at Katherine, "Soft, please," She replied.

Katherine's face twisted a bit, "Well, fine," She said.

Sara blinked twice, "Is there a problem?" She asked, looking at Katherine.

Katherine shook her head, "There isn't a problem. I just don't like the Soft method." She replied and approached Sara.

Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Thud! Katherine cupped Sara's face in her palm and gave her a deep kiss, pushing her tongue all the way inside. Sara struggled to move away. But she had no strength over the trained Katherine.

At that moment, Sara was distracted by Katherine's sudden kiss. Her lower half relaxed, allowing Cain to slide right in.

Fowah! Katherine pulled away from Sara, leaving her confused, "Why did you kiss me?" She cried.

"I needed a way to distract you. The soft method was a kiss, the mixed is tickling, and the rough is a spank." Katherine replied.

"Tell me beforehand!" Sara cried, "I would have taken the spank!" She waved her arms, but Katherine dodged with a passive face. SLAP! Katherine swung her palm and spanked Sara's peach as hard as she could.

"AWAAAA!" Sara cried as a red hand mark got left on her.

"Self-defence, you're the one who swung first. And you said you like getting spanked." Katherine looked at her with a smile.

With tears in her eyes, Sara glared at Katherine with a sharp glare, "Where did all the respect from earlier go?"

"Respect?" Katherine looked at Sara with a puzzled face, tilting her head to the side, "I'm here to help you, not be respectful." She then smiled, "And you like it, be honest," She looked at her with a smug face.

Sara looked away, "That's none of your business,"

"It is. I was called here to make sure you two get the best." Katherine said and looked at Cain, "You heard her,"

Cain nodded, "That for the help,"

Sara looked down. Cain was fully inside her before she could realize it. All it needed was her getting distracted for a bit. SLAP! Cain smacked Sara's hip as he saw her getting distracted for a moment.

"AWAW!" Suddenly, a clear stream came from her. "That got you off?" Cain looked at her with a smile. "No, it didn't," Sara mumbled.

Cain lifted her up and sat her on the bed, "Get on all four," He said.

"What?" Sara looked at him, confused.

"Do what I told you," Cain turned her around, "I'm sure you will like it, hurry." He smiled as she got on all four and lifted her butt.

"Like this?" Sara asked, looking back at Cain with a red face.

"Yes, looking at those nice, boiled eggs," Cain said, resting at her entrance.

"Do it slowly," Sara mumbled.

Cain looked at her, "An old woman once said when they say no, they mean yes." CLAP! In a single thrust, Cain pushed all the way in immediately.

"OH!" Sara gasped, climaxing again just from that. Her face fell on the bed. "I see, you like it rough. Don't worry, I got more from where that came from."

"Aren't you a bit rough on her?" Noel asked, looking at them.

Katherine was the one to reply, "Master can read minds. He already knows what she wants, and only follows it. She says no, or go slow, but that has no meaning."

CLAP! CLAP! SLAP! SLAP! Cain started thrusting as hard as possible while keeping Sara's durability in mind.

AW! AW! AW! AW! AW! AW! AW! AW! AW! AW! AW! AW! AW! AW! AW! AW! AW! AW! AW! AW! AW! AW! Sara's moans and screams filled the room, she slowly lost her senses and started asking Cain to go harder. The elegant royal front she was keeping has already melted.

AGAAA! With the last thrust, Sara's leg trembled as she splashed everything behind her. Cain didn't skimp and filled her till she started spilling.

Cain let Sara rest on the bed as he stood, approaching Katherine.

Katherine went on her knees and opened her mouth, sucking Cain clean without saying a word.

"Noel, your turn," Cain said with a smile.

"Me? I will get on the bed." Noel replied with a red face, standing up.

"No, stay standing there," Cain replied, he pulled from Katherine's throat and approached Noel.

Katherine gulped what Cain left for her and stood, grabbing a towel she approached the half-unconscious Sara and started cleaning her.

Noel stared at Cain, confused, "We'll do it standing?" She asked with a red face, quickly looking away, "What did you read in my mind?"

"I found something about doing it standing from the back," Cain replied with a smile, hugging Noel's back and rubbing his flesh between her thighs. His hands grabbed her bosom, fondling it.

"Be more gentle," Noel cried.

Cain smiled, "How about you say the truth?" He whispered in her ear.

Noel looked away with a red face. "Fine," She mumbled, "Please be gentle with my chest, I don't mind anywhere else."

"See? You can express yourself." Cain got more gentle with her chest and licked her ear. "I'm going to put it in." He let go of her chest and lifted his hands up, closing her mouth with one, and grabbing her neck with the second.

CLAP!

"OH!" Noel gasped as Cain's massive flesh suddenly burst into her back end, stretching it more than it has ever been. "My ass," Noel cried, her voice muffled by Cain's palm.

"Say the woman playing with her butt each night." Cain whispered in her ear, "How many times did you dream of this? Or of me choking you?" CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP!

Cain started thrusting without a sign of stopping, Noel was just getting her wettest dream, and she didn't even care to protest after the first few thrusts. She only stood there, talking it while drolling and smiling.

Katherine looked at them with a passive face, she then looked at Sara, "You two sisters both like it rough, you could have just said from the start." She smiled.

Sara slowly woke up, looking at Katherine, "You say that. But why don't you share what you like?"

Katherine smiled, "There are a lot of things that I like. Sword fighting is one of them," she replied.

"I'm not talking about that," Sara glared at her, "Speak!"

Katherine looked at Sara with a smug face, "Well, I can tell you. I like being drained," She replied.

"Drained?" Sara looked at her, confused.

"I simply like doing it till I fell asleep," Katherine replied with a pink tint to her face, "Last time I asked him to keep doing it, I eventually bled from the inside."

"That's going overboard!" Sara gasped.

Katherine shook her head, "I just have an itch inside. He's the only one who can scratch it. And Like any itch, scratching too much can damage your skin." Katherine replied with a smile.

Sara sighed, laying on the bed and looking at the ceiling, "I give up,"

Katherine looked at her, "You have to get used to it," she smiled.