Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"Monster?" Cain looked at Aria, "I know she's strong, but I can't see her having more stats than me. It's a skill and knowledge problem."

Aria shook her head, "Lilia's stats are something else. I barely believed what I saw."

ZON! As they were speaking, Lilia popped out of nowhere. "Cain! Did the new system work?"

Aria jumped away while Cain looked at Lilia, "You came quick. I guess even you couldn't move while the system was out,"

Lilia shook her head, "No, I was flying around looking for the dragon king," She said, smiling. "I can use magic even without a system. I haven't used the system in years."

Cain looked at her, peeking at her skill.

*************

[Name: Lilia Bodhimicah? (Yog-sothoth)][Race: Half-elf Half-halfling? (Outerbeing)][Class: Wizard? (Guardian)]

[Level: 100/120][Exp: 0/12665000][Sub-class: Aracane-conjurer? (Keeper).]

[Strength: 687] [Agility: 784] [Constitution: 653]

[Magic: 9645] [Intelligence: ---] [Wisdom: ----]

[HP: 98753?(654863 clones)] [MP: -----] [SP: 65423?(654863 clones)]

Skills:

[Decree of the Gate] Yog-sothoth knows the gate. Yog-sothoth is the gate. Yog-sothoth is the key and guardian of the gate. Past, present, and future are all one in Yog-sothoth.

[The gate of cosmic Ignorance] Locked away at the border of reality, there exists an Intelligence, rather, the Intelligence, all of it. Yog-sothoth holds the knowledge of all that is, all that was, and all that will be.

[The key of the forbidden knowledge] Yog-sothoth guards the gate of cosmic ignorance. And for those who worship her, she represents the key. Her name is constantly invoked in the ritual and incantation of those who seek hidden knowledge. And after, she answers. Sadly for the ones who call on her, the knowledge she grants always leads to madness and self destruct.

[Forbidden Knowledge] Yog-sothoth isn't evil or malevolent. She doesn't force anyone to turn the key or step through the gate. She only lurks at the thresholds, now and then opening the way to paths no mind was ever meant to travel. Knowledge differs, and what is forbidden to someone isn't for another. Forbidden knowledge is what a specific person shouldn't learn, and Yog-sothoth is always happy to tell someone what they shouldn't hear.

[Rival of Creation] Yog-sothoth has always been and will always be. She might lack omnipotent power, but the disabled sister is just as unfit for the world as her brother.

[The one closest] Yog-sothoth is everywhere and nowhere. Wherever forbidden knowledge resides, she stands.

[Attunment to the infinity] Even Yog-sothoth has things she must never know, her forbidden knowledge. But to her name be praise, as she survived the ultimate truth.

[AO's favorit] Yog-sothoth what AO made to accompany him in the dark infinity of before existence. To him, she was a source of amusement, joy, and laughs. She still holds the font of magic from the world.

*************

Cain stared at the smiling Lilia, "What is this?" He is confused. None of those skills made any sense. They only left a deep feeling of discomfort.

"Impressive. Isn't it? You can worship me if you want." Lilia smiled, resting her palms on her hip and puffing her chest.

Cain looked at her, "What is the forbidden knowledge I shouldn't know?"

Lilia stopped laughing, "It's in the name. The knowledge you shouldn't know is something you shouldn't know."

"Tell me." Cain glared at her.

Lilia sighed, "Fine, but you will regret it," She looked at him.

"I told you to speak," Cain stared at her.

Lilia looked at him, opening her mouth, only uttering a few words. Gracie and Aria looked confused, and Cain stood there for a moment. He then lifted his hand, sending a pulse of magic, killing all the girls, and then staring at Lilia, "You should have never told me." POP! he killed himself.

Lilia sighed, "You can't take it. That's why I'm going through all the troubles to set things right," She flicked her fingers [Restart] Time re-winded just a few moments in the past, to the time before she told Cain what he shouldn't know.

"I told you to speak," Cain stared at her.

Lilia sighed, "I already told you, and it ended badly." She shook her head, "I can't tell you now."

"You didn't tell me," Cain didn't know she did and was confused at her response.

Lilia looked at him and floated, patting his head, "Children shouldn't strive to know what they shouldn't know. Some things need the right time and place. I will tell you when you're ready."

Cain sighed, "It's fine if you don't want to speak," He then whispered in her ears, "Can you tell me what someone else will consider forbidden?"

"I can't since you might tell them," Lilia replied.

"Come on, just one," Cain looked at her.

Lilia sighed, "Fine, but I will tell you the one which could cause the least problems," She glared at him.please visit

"Come on, tell me," Cain replied.

Lilia whispered in his ear, "Sofia never liked magic as a kid, her father abused her to learn it, and her mother took all of her anger on her. In the end, Sofia set their home ablaze and killed them. Albite she was only four years old and knew nothing. She doesn't even remember."

"What?" Cain gasped.

"When weak people die, they turn into soul worms in hell." Lilia said, "The soul worms that Sofia ate in the devil's village in Avernus were her parents." Lilia kept talking.

"Wait, what are you talking about?" Cain stepped back, glaring at Lilia.

"I told you before. This is Sofia's forbidden knowledge, a part of it at least." Lilia smiled.

"Okay, sorry about that." Cain sighed, looking back, "It doesn't seem that Gracie and Aria were listening,"

"There is some forbidden knowledge that we can use," Lilia smiled.

"Then why don't you just find the dragon king? You know where he is, don't you?" Cain stared at her irritated that she said forbidden knowledge can be used, but that she doesn't use it.

Lilia smiled, "Path of the least resistance. You're right that I know where the dragon king is, what he's doing, and even how many times he said the damn today. But, just like how I can't tell you who is behind everything, going to the dragon king now will only make things worse." She smiled.

"That doesn't make any sense," Cain sighed.

"It doesn't make sense just like how you know my true name is Yog-sothoth. But you're only aware. You don't understand the forces you're playing around." She looked at Gracie, "The girls don't deserve to be dragged down with you,"

Cain scratched his head, "Fine, forget our conversation. I don't need to know the forbidden knowledge."

Lilia smiled, "But, there is something safe to tell you now."

Cain jerked back to life, "What is it?"

"You can't know the true forbidden knowledge, But that doesn't mean I can't teach you what other people think is forbidden." She smiled, "The knowledge of necromancy is forbidden by mortals. But you can still learn it,"

"Magic, what do you intend to teach me?" Cain asked.

"A lot of things," Lilia smiled, "But for a price,"

Cain sighed, "Knowing you. Your price is going to be something stupid."

"That's more fun, isn't it?" Lilia smiled and then looked at Aria, "You, the system is ready, isn't it?"

Aria nodded, "It's been ready for a while,"

Lilia pulled her staff, "Don't mind me," she poked the ground with her staff, sending her consciousness through the system network in a flash of magic.

"What did you do?" Cain asked.

Lilia looked at him, "I encrypted a message. It will reveal itself when the time is right." She then smiled, "Let's go back," ZON!

The three of them teleported back into the mansion.

Thud! Cain, Gracie, and Aria appeared standing while Lilia fell on the bed, "A soft one!" She said with a smile.Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

The girls rushed at Cain, asking if he was okay if things went well, and the like. Lilia watched them from the side with Katherine sitting beside her.

"You won't go with them?" Lilia asked Katherine.

"I'm a maid. I shouldn't stand between the wives." Katherine replied.

"A maid, you say?" Lilia looked at her with a smile. She laid on her back, "Take my clothes off. I'm exhausted," She said.

Katherine bowed, "As you order, Lady Lilia." She started by removing her shoes, then slowly pulled all of her clothes off. "Should I bring you a change?"

"Of course. Do you want me to stay naked?" Lilia stared at Katherine with a smile.

Cain turned around, "What around two doing?" He asked.

"I'm helping Lady Lilia change her clothes. She's exhausted," Katherine replied to him while looking in the wardrobe. There was nothing that could fit Lilia.

Cain smiled, "You won't find anything here," He was right, Lilia didn't leave any clothes with them, and this was his room. They can't be storing them here.

"Should I ask someone to buy her a change?" Katherine asked.

Cain shook his head, "No, GAIA!" He called, and Lilia's inevitable maid appeared out of nowhere.

GAIA looked at Lilia with a disgusted glare.