Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"You can change your clothes alone, can't you?" GAIA glared at Lilia with a disgusted face.

Lilia giggled, "Come on, I wasn't the one to call you, was I?"

Cain looked at them, "Is there a problem?"

GAIA turned toward Cain, smiling, "No, it's okay. I'm just getting a bit irritated at Lady Lilia." She replied.

The Inevitables are Constructs void of emotions. It was strange for GAIA to feel like that. "Master, did you do something to her?" Cain stared at Lilia with a worried face.

Lilia smiled, shaking her head, "There were getting annoying to deal with, so I wanted to make them human-like."

"Human-like? What did you do?" Cain sighed.

"I locked them in a time-accelerated chamber and had them live there for a while. They spent the whole time mimicking the life of a human, from being a baby to growing up." Lilia looked at GAIA, "She seems to have liked living there. She says it was a blessing not having to deal with my nagging."

GAIA looked at Cain, "We lived there merely four years, but we learned a lot."

"Four years? How far did you accelerate it, and how?" Cain asked.

"You know the spell [time slow]? I made its counter, [Time acceleration], and pushed the output." Lilia explained, lifting her hand, and a small magic circle appeared.

Cain approached and took a closer look, "I see. [time slow] slows time by a magnitude. This one accelerates by that same magnitude." Can then smiled, "What would happen if I hit someone with it?"

Lilia replied with a smile, "They will wither and die. GAIA and the inevitable are constructs that are unaffected by time."

Cain sat on the bed and stared at Lilia, "Forget about that. We still need to deal with hell's cockroaches." He stared at her, "It's not like we have much time for it."

Sofia approached Cain, "If you control the new system, how about you just shut them down?"

Cain shook his head, "I can't shut specific people. Those cockroaches are devils, so I need to shut all the devils at once." He sighed, "There is a reason why Mystra didn't just prevent me from using magic. With such things, you can only apply general changes."

"You're right," Lilia said, smiling, "I have something to clear the cockroaches, as I said before. You can say it's a type of poison that can disable them completely. A rare anti-insect destroyer."

Cain nodded, "Anti-insect destroyer? AID."

"AID doesn't sound like a good name." Sofia sighed, "We're not aiding the cockroaches."

GAIA looked at them, "Just added the rare R, and it will be RAID. you're going to raid them." Sofia and Alice seemed to agree.

Lilia looked at them, "It doesn't really matter. Name it whatever you like." She then opened her palm and showed them an image of what they needed to gather.

"RAID needs multiple ingredients," Lilia said. "And we need a ton on them," Cain added.

"True, you need a significant amount of RAID." Lilia thought. "The first ingredient is the boric plant,"

Farryn approached, "Boric? I heard about it before somewhere."

Lilia smiled, "The boric plant thrives in the mountains of the high elves. The place is crawling with monsters, but nothing you can't take care of." She looked at Cain.

Cain smiled, "With the new system, you don't have to worry about anything. I even have the itch to try my luck alone against the cockroaches." He opened his palm and summoned two swords, the steel blade made by Mary and the platinum sword made by Bahamut. "The real fights start from here."

"You can try that when you get back to hell with RAID. For now, focus on gathering what I asked for." Lilia looked at him.

"What else do we need?" Cain sat on the bed and smiled, "Boric isn't the only ingredient? Otherwise, it will be Borid,"

Lilia stared at him with a smile, "You really tried to make it work," Lilia was disappointed at Cain's weak comedic sense. "The next ingredient is a stone called Kieselgur."

Hati looked at them, "(Kieselgur? how do you intend on mining such a thing?)" Skoll was the one to speak.

"Kieselgur is a brittle stone that is easy to mine If it isn't located deep into the ground." Lilia smiled, "You need to dig deeper than the drow's Underdark to reach it. It's too dangerous to carry a large mining operation."

"(You want us to mine such a thing? How do we do that without collapsing the whole cave system above us?)"

Lilia shook her head, "That's for you to figure out," she smiled.

"So we have boric and Kieselgur. Let me guess, does it need a large amount of mana?" Cain looked at Lilia with a passive face.

Lilia smiled, "Of course, we need concentrated thick mana. And we need a lot of it,"

"Can't we just your blood?" Sofia looked at Cain.

"What about Lilia? I'm sure her blood is richer than mine." Cain replied with a smile.please visit

Lilia shook her head and stared at Cain, "That might be true, but you have more volume than me. Remember that we need a lot of blood. Look at how small I am." Lilia stood and spun around. It was clear that her tiny body wouldn't have enough blood. On the other hand, Cain's large size would allow them to get as much blood as they needed.

"In my eyes, at least, your blood is far better than mine." Lilia said, smiling, "You're a magical monster now, after all," She laughed.

"Fine, is that all we need?" Cain sighed, laying on his back.

Lilia shook her head, "No, we need one last ingredient which can be a pain to get," She scratched her head.

"What is it?"

Lilia looked at Cain, "Fairy dust,"

"Yeah, I bet that won't be easy," Cain replied, lifting his palm, "Mei."

With a green light, Mei appeared on his palm. " Cain!" She shouted with a smile, sticking to his nose, "It's been a while." she cried.

Cain smiled, "I called you for something," Cain looked at her with a smile.

Mei floated before Cain, resting her fists on her him and puffing her chest. She shouted in a high-pitched voice. "What do you need?"

"We need fairy dust, if you don't mind," Cain looked at her.

Mei blinked twice, "I can give you mine. How much do you need?" she smiled, "I pinch? Or maybe two?"

Cain looked at Lilia. With her eyes closed, Lilia said, "About a hundred pounds,"

"A hundred pounds," Mei scratched her chin..."Wait, do you say a hundred pounds?" She gasped.

𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Lilia nodded.

Mei scratched her head, "Even with my colony, I doubt we can provide one pound." She sighed, "Excuse me for a moment," She disappeared.

After just a few moments, she returned with Ishtar and Alva.

"What is this talk about a hundred pounds of fairy dust?" Ishtar looked at Cain.

Cain took a few minutes to explain what happens to them. "I see, but that amount is just too high," After a moment of thought, Ishtar looked at Cain with a smile, "I might be able to provide it, but I need you to cooperate with me on a few things,"

"Like what?" Cain asked.

"Fairy dust is the protective coat of our wings. Removing it is painful, and uncomfortable at best." Ishtar stared at Cain, "If you want such a large amount, we have to ask the citizen of the fairy kingdom to donate."

"A FOREST SPIRIT!" Lilia shouted, hugging the small Mei. "Let go of me, Lilia!" Mei cried, trying to escape.

Everyone looked at the, "What are you doing? They asked Lilia,"

"She's a forest spirit. Since when she became like this?" Lilia asked.

"A forest spirit? You mean like Ishtar?" Cain asked, looking at Lilia.

"Yeah, it's rare for pixies or fairies to get that rare trait. I expected Ishtar to have it as she is the queen, but not Mei." Lilia laughed.

"That's a royal mark. Even I don't know why it appeared on her," Ishtar sighed.

Alva approached Ishtar, "Your majesty, could it be because she has her own city to rule?"

"That might be true," Ishtar said with a smile and quickly shifted her attention back to Cain.

"Words have spread across the fairy kingdom about your mana balls. I don't know how, but some of it seems to have started circulating around." Ishtar sighed, glaring at Mei.

Mei bowed with a sad face, "Sorry, some of my people sent their share of Cain's magic to their families in the capital as gifts. I suspect it's there where it got out."

Ishtar shook her head, "Don't worry, it isn't that big of a problem now." She looked at Cain with a smug face.

"I want you to come to the fairy kingdom as a guest of honor. I will use that opportunity to spread the word about your mana balls." Ishtar smiled.

Alva approached Cain, "She wants to monopolize your mana balls and sell them in exchange for the fairy dust."

"Is collecting it really that hard?" Sara looked at Alva.

Alva stared back at Sara, "It is, you can't just go and ask people for their hair, do you?"