Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Ishtar approached Cain, "As you see, I can't suppress the information about your mana, and you need a lot of fairy dust." She smiled, "How about we use that to get you what you need?"

Cain nodded, "So, how much will it take to have a fairy give up its dust?"

Ishtar looked up, scratching her chin, "Let me think. They won't be able to fly for at least two days. And they will suffer from a horrible itch at the base of their wings."

Alva approached her, "Seven hundred MP should be enough," She said.

"I know, but that is barely an offer. I think most will ignore it. We need to make it a good deal." Ishtar said.

Cain looked at them, "How about a thousand MP? "Would that be enough?"

Ishtar and Alva stared at him, "A thousand? That's a great deal, but can you afford that?"

Cain smiled, "I can passively offer 141 orbs a minute. And three times as much if I let one of my brains sleep to recover MP." He looked at Ishtar, "About 423 orbs a minute, would that be enough?"

Ishtar stepped back, "Wait, how much will that be in a day?" She gasped.

"Over half a million orbs," Cain replied. Lilia stepped forward, "That would be 609120 orbs exactly. How much is the fairy kingdom population?"

Ishtar looked at her, "The last count reached forty million souls across the elvish continent.

"Well, we only need fairy dust from around two million fairies, so he should be able to supply that in four days." Lilia smiled.

Ishtar looked at them, "You know, people would still want it afterward," She looked at Cain.

𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"Fine, I can offer more later." He smiled. That would be a nice source of income.

"How about the elves?" Lilia asked, "Some villagers are your long-time mana orb suppliers. You can't just ditch them for Cain."

Ishtra thought, "I doubt it will be a problem. Cain's mana orbs are going to be a delicacy, and not many people will afford it."

Lilia giggled, "You want to get them addicted now so you can sell to them later."

"It's called business, and they are getting something they like, so what's the problem?" Ishtar smiled.

Alva nodded, "She's right. Cain's mana is something fairies can barely resist." Ishtar looked at them, "Even so, isn't Sylph more twisted than me?" She sighed.

Cain and Lilia looked at each other, "We can't disagree with that,"

Sofia looked at them. For the longest time, she had been curious about this Sylph woman. She never got to have a proper conversation with her. "Why is that?" She asked.

Cain looked at Sofia, "Well, Sylph is a bit peculiar." He scratched his chin.

Lilia stared at Sofia, "In simpler terms, she only cares about Cain."

"Isn't that a good thing?" Sofia replied.

"Key word is only." Lilia smiled, "She won't care about anything. As long it can help Cain. She won't have a problem killing any of you in case you harmed Cain."

Cain looked at the girls, "You will understand when you meet her," He smiled.

Lilia then looked at Cain, "By the way, do you know that Sylph's father is still alive?" She smiled.

Cain nodded, "Probably kept him for information,"

Lilia sighed, "You're no fun. That's true. She asked me to keep him alive and extract all the information from his head." She poked Cain, "She paid me a lot for that. The bastard was locking his brain, and traditional methods would kill him before any information is leaked."

"So, what did you learn?" Cain asked.

"You won't ask about what Sylph paid me with? Shame," She smiled, "We got to know that the dragons approached him ten decades ago and suggested an alliance. The bastard paid the dragon with Sylph's mother and got an artifact."

Cain scratched his chin, "The artifact that was supposed to control Sylph when she get the world seed. So the idiot paid with his wife to get an item that will take his daughter?"

Lilia nodded, "Pretty much, but there is more that I know, and the man didn't say,"

Cain sighed, "Forbidden knowledge, let it rest for now," He sat on the couch and sighed, "Don't tell me. We would know when the time comes."

Lilia nodded, "That's it." Then smiled, looking at all the girls, "What should you do now?"

Cain looked back, "I can't use magic or enchant anything as I'm making the orbs." He then looked at Lilia, "Relax, probably?"

"The ship will take a few days to reach its destination," Farryn said, "You should rest before that,"

Cain stretched his arms, "Is everyone here?" He asked.

"Yeah," Sofia replied.

Cain stood, "Tell the maids to prepare a bath," He smiled.

***

A few moments later, the bath was ready. "Master, the bath is ready," Klara said with a bow.

Cain nodded, "Good, get everyone in," He said, and she stared at him.please visit

"Everyone? The maids included?"

"Yeah, the ghosts will take care of the mansion in the meantime," Cain replied.

"As you order," Klara bowed.

"Taking all, isn't that a bit too much?" Aria said, looking at Cain from the side.

"You didn't have a problem before." Cain looked at her. "I don't remember hearing you complain."

"I'm not against it," Aria smiled.

Cain looked at her. She had white hair and blue eyes, just like him. That was expected since she is him, or to be more specific, she is the second brain.

"It took you an awfully long time to name me," Aria smiled.

Cain looked at her, "Before you were my second brain. Your name should be Cain lisworth as well."

Aria shook her head, "Well, look at you," She smiled, "I got everything that you didn't need," She giggled.

"Come on, you're like Morena and Lolth," Cain replied, looking at her.

"I didn't start as an independent creature, you know?" She smiled, "And right now, I'm reborn as your Archon."

"You're me," Cain sighed,

"Do you remember your mother? She was born from your father's rib as an archon. I'm the same as you." She smiled, "But instead of a rib, it's a brain."

Cain stood, "Let's go to the bath," He said, and Aria stood with a smile, "You don't have to rush," she said.

"With how things have been going, I'm sure something will happen to interfere with my rest," Cain replied.

A smug grin grew on Aria's face, "Hehe," she giggled, "What will you give me if I told you that no one will bother you ever again,"

Cain stared at her, "What are you talking about?"

"Mystra had been pulling the strings in the back. With the system, I can track her moves. I made sure she won't see, hear, or even know where we are." Aria smiled, resting her fists on her hips and puffing her chest.

"Are you sure she didn't outplay you?" Cain asked. It was hard to believe that an Archon tricked a god. It wasn't a problem with Aria's skills. It was just that gods can sense divine and holy magic, which Aria is oozing with.

"Fine, I will take your words on it," Cain smiled, "I will be happy if that takes care of most troubles,"

Aria jumped, "Yes!" She stared at Cain, "Will you do me a favor?"

"What is it?" Cain looked at her, waiting to hear what she wanted.

"Can you put me first? Before Sofia?" She asked.

Cain shook his head, "I can't do it. Sofia came first," Cain replied immediately.

"Technically, I was with you before her," Aria smiled.

"That isn't the point. You can talk with Sofia in the bath," Cain walked ahead toward the changing room.

When Cain opened the door, he saw all the maids inside changing. They seem to have helped the girls take their clothes first, and now they were just getting in.

The maids bowed deeply, "Welcome, master Cain," Lexi then approached him, "I will help take your clothes first," She bowed.

Aria poked her head from behind Cain, staring into Lexi's eyes, "You look like Sofia, body-wise." She said.

Lexi lifted her head, "Thanks for the compliment,"

"Hmm," Aria looked closely at Lexi's face, "My lady, what are you doing?" Lexi asked.

"If you feel jealous of Sofia, why don't you try to be better than her?" Aria said, and Lexi stepped away.

Cain looked at Aria, "What are you doing?"

Aria smiled, "Ellie is addicted to your blood. But devlopping an attachment to Amaya," She stared looking around.

"Amara there wanted to suck you off multiple times, but she couldn't bring herself to speak," Aria stared approaching each maid.

"Klara...She had been stirring troubles lately in the hope you get angry at her, but she only faced Alice and disappointment. I suggest you punish her from time to time."

"Everly there like reading books, she might be the most educated of the maids. She is wanting to use her body to get you to find her some rare books."

"Elsie had made a huge mistake, and no one wanted to tell you about it. She has been having panic attacks each night remembering it." Aria looked at Cain.

"What happened?" Cain asked, and Elise started to panic.

"Selena has been sharpening her claws on the walls and curtains. Elise has some anger issues, and once she got so angry she slapped Selena." Aria smiled, "Selena didn't feel a thing. And decided it wasn't a big matte. But Elise here has been dead white thinking of the day you knew."

Elise was about to panic, but Aria looked at her, "Don't worry, Cain isn't angry,"