Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Aria then shifted her attention to Jemima, "You are surprisingly clean. Besides still being salty about Suzan, you don't have that much bad things around you, good job,"

Jemima stared at her, "Thanks, I guess?"

Aria smiled, approaching Diana, "You're quite the pushover, aren't you?" She stared at her, "You rarely speak your mind or resist what others say. It would be better to learn how to stand your ground."

"Hee?" Diana moved back, staring at Aria with quivering eyes. "What do you mean?"

Aria ignored her question and looked at Katherine, "You are..." But before she could finish, Katherine stopped her. "Fine, I got it," She sighed.

"Got what? I haven't said anything yet," Aria glared at her with a smug smile.

"It doesn't matter. I know what you're going to say." Katherine sighed, staring at Cain, "Can you grow a beard? Or at least get some muscles on your shoulders."

Cain stared at Aria, and she smiled, "Katherine doesn't like your clean look,"

Katherine sighed, "It's not that I don't like it. I would prefer it if you looked a bit more...manly?"

Aria looked at Cain, "You could benefit from some heavy muscles, a beard, and some hands and chest hair," She smiled, "Like your father,"

Cain sighed, "Fine, but it will take some time."

Katherine looked at Cain with a smile, "You should focus more on what the ladies want," She looked away.

Aria stared at Cain, "Did you hear that?" She smiled, but he grabbed her by the head, "AW! AW! Let go of me!" She cried.

"You can stop reading their minds." Cain glared at her.

"It's not like I can help it. As long as I can see them, and they are linked to the system, I naturally read their minds. Unless they use mind protection or something like it." Aria cried.

"Who can do that?" Cain looked at her face, "You need to learn how to stop,"

"Lilia does it. Whenever I look at her mind, she has one word floating." Cain looked at Lilia and attempted to listen to her thoughts.

~Tits! Tits! Tits! Tits! Tits! Tits! Tits! Tits! Tits! Tits!~ Cain sighed, "Master, why is that the only thing on your mind?" He asked.

"I thought it would be funny. Look I can change it."

~Goat cheese wheel! Goat cheese wheel! Goat cheese wheel! Goat cheese wheel! Goat cheese wheel! Goat cheese wheel! Goat cheese wheel!~

Lilia smiled, "All I have to do is get a single thought floating between my clones and then project that to myself." She lifted one finger, "It's a simple concept. If you screamed potato at a crowd, for the next moment all of them will think of a potato."

Cain closed his eyes, "I should be able to do it," He tried to move a single thought between his brains.

Lilia approached Cain and started whispering in his ear, "Lilia! Lilia! Lilia! Lilia! Lilia! Lilia! Lilia! Lilia!"

She then listened to his thoughts. Everything was her name. It worked.

"Good job, you seem to have gotten the hang of it." She smiled, "As a technique, this won't use any mana unlike magic as you're using your natural body." Lilia smiled.

Amaya approached Cain, "I want to try it as well," She smiled. She closed her eyes, and Cain was about to listen to her thoughts.

"Don't!" Lilia cried, "Cain, no!" Aria tried to stop him.

Cain looked into Amaya's mind, and his vision immediately blacked out.

~It hurts. Kill me. My hands. That bastard. Am I dead? GRww. Save us...~ They didn't stop. The cries of the corpses inside her. Thousands of souls, infinite regret, and anger.

GAH! Cain gasped, sitting on the ground. "We warned you." Lilia sighed. "Amaya is not a normal undead. Looking into her mind means listening to the dead residing inside her. People can get mad listening to her mind."

Cain looked at Amaya, "Are you all right with those?"

Amaya stared at him, "The voices? Yeah, they get quiet when I tell them." She didn't seem to have a problem. Everything was under her control.

Aria looked at the remaining four maids, "Scarlett, you were one of the five servants that Wiliam sent. In reality. You're been skipping work a lot." She smiled.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"I don't know what you're talking about," Scarlett looked away.

Aria patted her head, "Well, you've been doing a decent job since you came here,"

Aria then looked at Lucy, "For someone who talks with their fists. You cleanly avoided standing out here. A part of it is that you love having a strong master."

Lucy immediately swung a punch at Aria with a red face. Aria caught the attack and smiled, "Feel free to let loose. You can't hurt any one of us anyway."

Lucy pulled her hand away and bowed, "Sorry,"

Aria quickly shifted her attention to Lia, "About you..."

Lia looked away.

Cain sighed, "Let it go. I know she's been stealing from the mansion. Alice brought it before, and I say I don't mind losing a few silvers here and there."

Lia could look at Cain, but he smiled, "You don't have to worry about it."

Aria smiled, "So lastly, we have you, Olivia," She looked at the corner. Olivia was there alone, reading a small paper.

"Ah! Did you call me?" Olivia gasped.

"I hate to admit it, but you're a natural when it comes to potions." Aria sighed, "I can't even nitpick you when you have such skills."

"Excuse me?" Olivia wasn't listening, so she was out of the loop.

Aria looked at her, "I can't say it's a bad thing that you tasted Cain's blood that he left for Elise. I won't even bother with how you tried to get a sample from his hair or skin. Or the fact that sometimes you see him as a chunk of valuable alchemical ingredient."

Olivia looked at Cain, "I mean, Cain is a god, isn't he?" She smiled, "What can you expect from a healing potion made from the blood of a god? Just a strand of his hair Can make artifacts."

Lilia looked at her. And then at Cain, "I can see that," she smiled, "Do you have a potion?"

Cain pulled out a potion and handed it to Lilia.

Lilia opened the potion, smelled it, and took a sip. Her eyes opened wide, "The hell is this?" She stared at Olivia, "Even the elvish alchemists can't make something like this!" She gasped.

Olivia scratched her cheek, "Well, I have access to a premium ingredient called Cain."

"I can see why Aria can't critique you. No one would when you make things like this." Lilia smiled.

"Is it really that good?" Ellie asked.

Lilia stared at her, "Just so you know, the best healing potion in the world can heal for around ten thousand HP. This one here can heal for eight thousand HP."

Olivia might not create the best in the world. But with her growth speed and access to Cain's resources. She could very well be the next big alchemist in the world.

"How much of those do you have?" Lilia asked.

Cain sighed, "A few full warehouses. She can't seem to stop making potions,"

Aria's eyes flashed as if she figured something out, "I know! I can understand it now!" She shouted, "When you make a potion, you can expect a result, but the true amount of healing can vary."

"Like if you made a thousand HP potion, the amount healed can vary from five hundred to one thousand five hundred," Lilia explained.

Aria nodded, "Olivia is addicted to those numbers, always gambling to see if she gets a high score. And to her luck, Cain is supplying her with an endless amount of resources to feed her addiction."

If a regular alchemist got a drop of Cain's blood, using it in a potion would be the high point of their life. They will do anything to hit that jackpot of the highest result possible. Olivia on the other hand doesn't need to care. She just spent Cain's blood like water.

"Let's go in the bath," Cain sighed, walking out of the changing room and to the bath with the maids behind him.

"Cain! You finally came!" Zaleria shouted, waving her hand from the hot tub.

Everyone was there. Zaleria and Morena sat together in the water, chatting. Sofia was helping Selena wash her tail. Alice had Gracie tied to the ceiling and was whipping her for the last time. Farryn seemed to be relaxing in the water with Mary, Nemmoxon, and Isbert. Marina approached Cain the moment she saw him, and Jela seemed to be wrestling her mother, Bela on the side.

Melissa and her daughter Meliliana seemed to be talking on the side as well.

Elistraee and Hati seemed to be talking with a brown-haired cat girl, Cain recognized her as Rahana, Selena's friend that he killed.

Mei seemed to be drinking alone in the side, while Cain catches a glimpse of Alva trying to sneak touches at Ishtar.

Lolth and Serina seemed to be about to fight, and one of Lolth's angels was trying to split them apart.

Marina touched Cain's hand, "Can I wash you?" she said with a smile.