Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"I've been waiting," Marina said, smiling at Cain.𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Cain looked away, "I need to wash first. Would you mind sitting down?"

Marina approached him, "That won't be necessary," Thud! She tried to grab Cain, but Aria caught her by the face.

"I said to leave me to wash," Aria said with a smile.

"I talked to Cain, no you," Marina kept pushing forward.

Aria stared at her, "Cain and I are the same. If you want to play with him, you have to go through me first," With a swift move, she moved behind Marina and grabbed her by the chest.

"Hoi! Be gentle!" Marina cried as Aria pulled her toward the water.

Aria smiled as she lifted Marina, suplexing her into the water. Splash! With a splash, everyone stared at Aria.

Marina emerged from the water, glaring at Aria, "For what did you do that?"

Aria smiled, resting her fists on her hip and puffing her chest, "Cain said to sit, so you should sit,"

Sofia stared at her, "Strong words for someone who just came in,"

Aria glared at her, "Notice: Strong words coming from number one. I'm number zero."

Sofia glared at her, "Let's see," Her eyes flashed red.

Lilia lifted her palm, [Barrier] She reinforced the bath and the whole mansion with her magic, temporarily turning it from [Lisworth's magnificent mansion] to [Bodhimicah's magnificent mansion].

Cain opened his eyes, "Did you just override my magic like it was nothing?" He stared at Lilia.

Lilia smiled, "Praise me more,"

"That wasn't a compliment," Cain sighed. Even now, Lilia's magical power is far above him. She can understand and recreate everything he used with just a glimpse.

The maids began helping Cain wash.

"Please sit here, Master," Klara brought a chair.

Cain looked at the chair, "Thanks," He sat down, and the maids surrounded him.

Ellie and Amaya started scrubbing Cain's legs as soon as he sat. While Klara took care of his meat stick, gently cleaning it with a sponge. Amara took Cain's right arm while Everly washed his left.

When Cain thought they couldn't increase, Elsie walked above Klara's head and scrubbed his chest. Lexi sat behind him and started washing his back.

Diana gently his hair while Jemima grabbed a sponge and went ham on his face.

Katherine started rushing from right to left, bringing water to the other maids while Olivia pulled a few slabs of soap.

Lia rushed away to prepare the massage while Lucy went to the changing room to retrieve a few scented herbs that were left there. Scarlet, on the other hand, didn't seem to find anything to do, so she went to help Lilia wash.

"Can I help you with anything?" Scarlet said, looking at Lilia.

Lilia glared back at Scarlet with a disappointed face, "I only get one?" She looked at Cain with all the maids rushing around him.

Scarlet stared at Cain and back at Lilia with a scared face, "Sorry, but Cain took priority," She looked down.

Lilia sighed, "Fine, I have my own." With a single flick of her fingers, GAIA and five other maids appeared out of nowhere. "Wash me," Lilia said, and the maids bowed down, rushing into action.

Scarlet stared at them, "Is there anything I can do?"

Lilia stared at her, "Not really," But seeing her sad made her sigh, "Fine, come here,"

With a smile, Scarelt approached Lilia, "What do you want?"

"Just sitting here and waiting is boring. Can you dance or sing?" Lilia asked, and Scarlet froze.

"I can dance, but I'm not that good," Scarlet looked down.

"That would be for the best. I can laugh at you." Lilia replied with a smile. Scarlet wanted to cry, but she started dancing, "Fine," She said.

BAM! The girls have already started fighting in the water. Sofia flew at Aria with a flaming kick.

Aria smiled, "Is that all you have?" She said, and Sofia's flame faded. Thud! She grabbed her foot and smacked her in the water.

Sofia growled, "What happened?"

"Dropped your stats to 0. You're as weak as the first day you met Cain," Aria said. She's the one controlling the system. Everyone here is under her mercy except Lilia and Cain.

Sofia stood, clenching her fist, "That won't work on a god," she tried to call on her Tiamat powers, but nothing came. Thud! Aria grabbed her fist and flipped her to the ground.

"You have to be stronger than Cain for that to work," Aria smiled, "None of you can match him, so you're stuck at Level 0 against me," She laughed, opening her arms wide.

KA-DON! Zaleria stepped forward, flame gushing from her back as the bath water boiled enough that all the girls jumped out. "What did you say?" she glared down at Aria.

"I removed your system, right?" Aria stared at her.

"And what if you did? You can't remove my race or inborn attunement to flames." She grabbed Aria by the head.

Aria smiled, "Well, that's a pickle for me," She then grabbed Zaleria's fist, "You have one three seconds to start begging,"

Zaleria smiled, "I would like to see your try." But her expression suddenly changed, "GRWAAAAAAAAAAAAA!" Zaleria cried in pain, jumping away from Aria. "Cain did enchant your nails, didn't he?" She looked at the rolling Zaleria with a smug face.

Thud! Thud! Selena approached Aria, "Well then, that's enough-nya," she said with a smile.

"He enchanted your nails as well," Aria smiled, sending a wave of sharp pain across Selena's body.

Selena stood still. She didn't even flinch, "Take this-gaw!" She grabbed Aria by the arm and flung her into the water. SPLASH! But she quickly fell to her knees. She couldn't bear the pain for longer.

Aria then stared at the girls with a smug face, "Fine, I won't use overpowered abilities against you. Let's fight fair and square." She smiled, clenching her fist. "Anyone I knock down will be licking my feet." She shouted.

"Why?" Alice sighed, releasing Gracie.

Aria stared at Gracie, "I helped Cain put on with your feet-licking hobbies. You can't fault me now," Aria lept at Alice, swinging a punch.

Thud! Alice caught the hit with a smile, "A fallen archon against an archon, who would win?" She smiled.

Thud! BAM! BAM! Thwack! Aria lifted Alice up, punched her in the guts twice, and kicked her away, "Me since I have more close-quarter combat experience." Aria said with a smile. She had access to all of Cain's abilities and skills.

All the girls rushed at her at once, kicking and punching while she dodged and fought back.

Cain looked at them, "What are they doing?" He sighed, seeing their brawl in the water. He could realize something that not all girls felt. Aria didn't remove their systems to give herself an advantage but to prevent them from doing any serious damage. They are like a bunch of normal girls squaring up.

"Let them be," Lilia said with a smile, "They need to introduce each other." She added.

"Master, we finished washing you." Klara said, "We will take you now to the massaging booth," She smiled.

Cain was about to stand and walk, but the maids lifted him up. "What are you doing?" Cain asked.

"I said we would take you," Klara replied, and the maids carried him instantly.

Lilia looked at them, "GAIA, It's massage time," She smiled.

GAIA glared at her, "No," She shook her head and pushed her back down, "Sit still,"

"Why!" Lilia cried, waving her arms like an angry kid.

"You're hair is bigger than Cain's. It takes longer to wash," GAIA replied, "And you only summoned five of us," She added.

With a sigh, Lilia sat and looked down.

GAIA stared at Scarlet, "Dance harder. Mistress Lilia is getting gloomy,"

"Me?" Scarlet stared at them with a confused face, "I'm already doing my best!" She cried.

"Dance," GAIA said with a passive face. "No one wants Lilia to throw a tantrum here," She added.

Cain heard them and spoke, "Are you really getting angry for not getting into a massage before me?"

Lilia stared at him, "I don't want to hear that from someone who is stepped on my two maids,"

Lilia was right. Diana and Katherine have climbed on Cain's back and are stepping on his back, trying to crack his spine and shoulder.

"I don't have the luxury of overpowered inevitables serving me," Cain replied, "Those maids are still human, and they can barely muster the strength to mold my muscles."

"Legs are the strongest limb a human can have," Lilia said, "GAIA, care to step on my back later?"

"Can I kill you?" GAIA asked.

"No,"

"Then no,"

Lilia sighed, "How long do you need to finish?" She asked.

"We have finished," GAIA replied,

Lilia smiled, "Well then, carry me to the massage booth!"

GAIA stared at her, "How about you walk?"

Lilia stared at her, "Did the last experiment fail that bad?" She sighed. "Fine, Just carry me there,"

GAIA nodded, "As you order, I assume we need to break the training protocol?"

Lilia shook her head, "No, just edit it,"

"CAIN!" Aria rushed at Cain with a smile, Leaving the girls piled behind her like a flesh mountain. She won the brawl.