Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"What do you want?" GAIA asked while staring at Cain.

Cain smiled, "Tell Primos to look beyond the phlogiston, far behind the crystal sphere,"

"Leaving the crystal sphere is forbidden. Traveling the phlogiston is the same." GAIA stared at Cain.

"Just tell him. He will decide for himself," Cain stood and patted her shoulder, "This is a matter that he can't ignore,"

"You're sending him to the world's end?" Lilia looked at Cain with a smug face.

"Primos should be smart enough not to jump into the void," Cain looked at her and then walked toward the bath, slowly sitting inside.

"AHHH!" Cain stretched, "Nothing beats relaxing in hot water,"

"GHAA!" Sofia growled, crawling up after Aria beat her.

"You okay?" Cain asked, looking at the barely sitting.

"I'm fine," Sofia replied, "She spun me so fast that my head still hurt,"

Cain closed his eyes and leaned back, "You won't beat her directly," He said. Aria was as strong as him and could freely tamper with the girls' stats. Fighting her is always unfair.

CLENCH! As Cain relaxed, he felt something bite his leg, "Marina, I know that's you," He mumbled.

"We're here as well," Hati said, approaching from his right. The girls started swarming him like flies.

"I thought getting beaten would calm you down a bit. Was Aria soft on you?" Cain replied, not bothering to move a muscle.

"That only got their blood pumping," Alice replied, bending closer to his face.

"Not all at once. You'll crush my tiny body," Cain sighed,

"Don't worry, we will cut you equally," Alice replied with a smile, looking at the other girls, "Each one takes a part of him,"

Sofia smiled, bending down toward Cain's him and taking him in her mouth. Selena crawled to her side and joined in as well.

Alice smiled, shifting her position and sitting on Cain's face, "Please," Cain opened one eye and looked at her, "I never said no," He started licking immediately, but to his surprise, she immediately splashed his face with a moan.

"That was quick," Cain said, and Alice looked away with a red face, "Sorry, I was thinking of this for a while,"

"Fine by me," Cain replied and continued licking,

Gracie crawled beneath Sofia and Selena, sneaking a few licks at them in her way. She then grabbed Cain's jewels and jammed them in her mouth.

Marina went down and started sucking on Cain's toes with a red face, Cain tried to pull away for a moment, but she bit him. Hati saw her and joined in, taking on the second foot, "(Are you for real?)." Skoll sighed.

Farryn looked around, seeing most places locked, so she went for Cain's chest, liking on his neck and down to his torso. Nemmoxon joined her, and the two of them ended up almost fighting in space.

Zaleria crawled beneath Sofia, slowly pushing herself down, and started licking Cain's rear end. Sofia tried to push her away, but Zaleria wrapped her legs around Sofia's hips, hanging in place.

Isbert looked back at her sisters, Sara and Noel with a worried face, "There doesn't seem to be any space left," she said, looking at Cain. They can barely see his body.

Sara smiled, approaching her, "It doesn't matter what you get. The important part is that you got it," She approached Cain and pushed Farryn's large butt away.

"Are you trying to pull me away?" Farryn growled at her, but Sara smiled, smacking her butt as hard as she could, "Move a bit. I want to get his hand,"

With the strength difference, Farryn felt it as a light tap and slowly moved away. "Thanks," Sara smiled, pulling Cain's arm straight, "Come here," she called her sisters.

"I'm the oldest. I should be able to help find a solution, am I not," Sara pulled her chest, and Isbert and Neol smiled, hugging her for a moment. The three sisters then lined on Cain's arm, rubbing themselves on it.

"Did you see that?" Bela said with a horny smile and a red face, glaring at Jella.

Jella glared at her, "Calm down, Mom. We can wait for our turn,"

Bela shook her head and grabbed Jella by the wrist, pulling her like a doll. "The last mouse won't get any cheese," She rushed toward Cain's other arm and pulled it from underneath Nemmoxon, but to their surprise, she didn't let go.

Nemmoxon kept Cain's arms tucked tightly between her thighs. When Bela pulled harder, Nemmoxon growled at her.

"I see. This is how are you going to play it," Bela smiled, opening her palm and conjury an ice rod. "Move away,"

Nemmoxon kept refusing to move, so Bela jammed the ice rod in her butt with a single powerful push. "KYA!" Nemmxon cried, her leg spread, and she let go of Cain's arm.

"Why did you do that?" Nemmxon cried, looking at Bela.

Bela was already sitting on Cain's arm, calling Jella in. Nemmxon sighed, "Fine," and she pulled the ice out.

Jella sat on Cain's arms and looked down, "Don't give me your back. Face me,"

"Never!" Jella cried.

"You're heavy," Cain said, mumbling beneath Alice's hips.

Lilia watched from the side as the girls swarmed Cain, never giving him a moment of rest. "The young ones," She mumbled.

GAIA started at her, "Then why are you having me lick you?"

Lilia smiled, looking at her, "I can't just watch and do nothing," She smiled. She then looked at the remaining inevitable maids, "You as well," They started licking her back end and feet.

Lilia looked toward Aria, "You won't join them?" She asked.

Aria shook her head, "Why would I do that?" She smiled, "Cain and I are the same." She replied and then looked at the maids behind her.

"Any one of you care to service me? I must warn you. I'm more outgoing than him," She smiled, waving her hand to the maids.

The maids stared at each other, "I will," Klara took the lead, "I'm the substitute to Gracie, the head maid. It's my job to answer even if it's just the lady," She said with a serious face.

"Then start immediately. I've been looking through Elistraee and Morena's memories and I learned a lot." Aria smiled, opening her legs.

Klara stared at her, "You say you're Master Cain, but you two can't be as different,"

Aria shook her head, "Being the same person doesn't mean agreeing or acting the same. Just ask your ladies,"

Klara started licking her, and Aria moaned, "That's it, keep it going," She smiled and then looked at the other maids, "I need two to lick my feet. Any volunteer?" She looked at them with a smug grin.

The maids looked at each other, and then Katherine and Elise walked out, "We will do it," The two said, bending before Aria. As the two started licking her toes, Aria started giggling, "That tickle, go slower,"

"Do you need anything else?" Lexi asked, looking at Aria.

"You can lick my back end," Aria replied immediately, making Lexi regret asking.

Aria started moaning loudly, and her thighs clenched on Klara's face several times. She then suddenly grabbed Klara's head and pushed her in, moaning as she released all that was in her.

After that, Klara stood, "We finished," she turned to move away, but Aria called her, "Second round!"

Thud! But before Klara could come back. Aria felt something grab her head, she looked back, and it was Lilia, staring at her with a smile.

"You're playing with me," She pulled her away from the maids, "But I like maids!" Aria cried.

***

Cain stood, pushing all the girls away, and stretched his arms, "Well, it's my turn now," He said with a smile.

The girls looked at each other and then at him, "Who is going first?" They asked.

Cain looked around. He has too many choices. Every girl in this bath is ready to spread her legs. But there was that stood out a bit to him, "Marina, it's been a while, so you're first," He said, and Marina smiled.

Cain looked at the girls and then smiled, "You can either wait. Or I would the tentacles take care of it." As he said that, the tentacles quickly snatched Gracie away. He didn't need to hear the answer to know what she would choose.

Marina looked at Cain with a smile, "How should we do it?"

"You take the lead. I can't keep hogging it," Cain replied, and she giggled, "I'm honest. I like it when you lead." she approached Cain, "But I wouldn't mind if you went overboard every now and then,"

Cain lifted her and rested his meat on her stomach, "It's too big," she gasped, seeing his flesh surpassing her belly button.Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"Should I make it smaller?" Cain asked, but Marina shook her head, "They will laugh at me. Please put me down and lay on the ground,"

Cain did as she said, and Marina climbed above him, taking a deep breath before attempting an insertion.