Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Marina slowly lowered herself, pushing Cain deep inside. "AH!" She moaned, stopping midway to breathe, "Are you okay?" Cain asked.

"Don't worry," She panted, closing her eyes before continuing to push. She then stopped soon after, unable to reach close to three-quarters.

"Don't push yourself too hard." Cain grabbed her by the hip, "There is a size limit, no matter how you push," He started making himself smaller.

"Stop! I can take it in," Marina cried, glaring at Cain with a red face.

Cain sighed, "Fine, but use the other hole," He smiled, "The track is longer."

Marina stared at Cain with a worried face and then glared back at the girls.

"How about you use that?" Farryn said with a smile.

"No way!" Marina gasped, "It looks ugly,"

Cain looked at them, "What are you talking about?"

Marina shook her head. It's nothing.

"You granted her power to summon tentacles. She has taken that a step further," Aria shouted from the back,

Marina quickly turned her head toward Aria, opening her palm and shooting a lightning bolt at her.

Aria lifted one finger and vanquished the magic, "Be careful, the maids are here licking me, AH!" She writhed with a smile.

"Who asked you to speak!" Marina stared at her.

"I'm a part of Cain. Of course, I will answer his question," Aria smiled, "You should be thankful I didn't tell him you keep some of his pants in a shrine in your room," Aria said, but then blinked, "Ops! That slipped out,"

Marina clenched her fist. Her eyes flashed red as tentacles emerged from her back and pointed forward.

CRACKLE! Lightning crackled between the tentacles as a massive bullet of water formed, "Die!" With a roar, Marina fired a blinding-fast, lightning-infused water bullet.

Aria lifted her leg and pointed at Marina with her toe, conjuring a magic barrier and canceling the spell, "Nice try, but you're far from the others. I would say a fourth-tier spell at best," She smiled.

"Marina, calm down," Cain called from beneath her, patting her thigh with a smile.

"But she..." Marina tried to speak but remembered she was busted. She looked away, "Sorry,"

"Don't mind her or anyone, do what you like," Cain replied, taking a deep breath, "Aria, stop teasing them,"

Aria shook her head, "Fine. I won't tease her anymore,"

Marina looked at Cain and sighed, "Can I use something? It might not look pleasing,"

"Fine by me. Show me what you can do." Cain replied with a smile.

Marina smiled and closed her eyes, and her skin started to move and wiggle. Cain could see her eyes darting below her eyelid as two small tentacles emerged from her ears.

Eight tentacles emerged from her hips, wiggling as if they had a separate life. Her upper body seemed softer with her chest inflating.

Marina opened her eyes, staring at Cain with a red glare.

"Do I look ugly?" Marina asked with a worried face.

Cain shook his head, "Not at all,"

Marina smiled, "Instead of just summoning the tentacles. I tried to merge with them." She then grabbed her arm and twisted it, "As you can see, even though I keep a humanoid shape, I don't have any bones." She smiled, using the tentacles to grab into the ground.

Marina forced herself down with a powerful pull, pushing Cain fully inside. "AGHAAA!" She cried, her eyes tearing, "My flesh is soft and stretchy. You can push any length inside me," She said.

"See? I told you it's fine," Farryn said from the side, waving her hand with a grin.

Marina looked back at Farryn with a thumb up. She then turned toward Cain and tried to smile, "Please let me do the moving," She growled, slowly moving up and down, using her tentacles as leverage.

Cain remained motionless, watching her gently move up and down. She was tighter than he expected, but this speed wasn't enough for him.

After a while, Marina stopped moving and growled, "AHH!" She seemed to climax, so Cain released a load inside her. He can't disappoint her by not getting it together.

"AHH!" After shaking a bit, Marina fell on Cain's chest, panting. Her legs trembled as she almost bit her lips.

Cain caressed her butt with a smile, "You okay?"

Marina slowly opened her eyes, staring at him, "Yeah,"

Cain teased her butt with one finger, "I will do the moving here. Can you handle it?"

Marina looked at him with quivering eyes, "It will hurt?"

"Probably a lot," Cain replied, "Should we skip it?"

Marina shook her head, "No. I will do my best," She smiled, "Move as fast as you can, don't mind me," She said with confidence, but then added, "Unless I tap out,"

Cain rested at the entrance and gently forced the tip in, "AHH!" Marina moaned, staring at his face, "It feels good. Please go faster,"

Cain knew it wasn't a problem of getting in or not. It was the size. Could she take everything inside?

Cain started pushing deeper. With each slight movement, he could see Marina's face twisting. She smiled at times and seemed about to cry at others.

After just a second, Cain was fully inside her, and she panted, falling on his chest again. "Please...give me a moment to catch my breath," Marina moaned, grasping with her hands on Cain's shoulder.

Cain gave her a moment, and she soon opened her eyes, "Pleased move,"

Cain patted her butt and smiled, "Should I move gently, or do a few fast thrusts?"

Marina seemed deep in thought. She then kissed him, "I know you didn't feel the first time. I was too slow," Marina smiled, "Please move as fast as you can even if I told you to stop. I can't be the only one who played,"

"Are you sure?" Cain stared at her.

"She's sure!" Farryn shouted from the back, "Don't underestimate her determination."

"Farryn is right," Marina looked at Cain with determination in her eyes, "Sofia, Selena, Alice, and Gracie. All of them can take you at full force with ease. I feel ashamed each time I walk before you that I can't reach them,"

Cain nodded, "Fine, just this time." He smiled, "Clench your teeth,"

Marima smiled, taking a deep breath, "Do it."

CLAP! Cain swung as fast he could, "GRAAA!" Marina's body jerked, and her spine twisted, her toes curled together, and a stream rushed from her. With an open mouth, she fell on Cain's chest.

CLAP! Cain swung again, and her body jolted. Her fingers tightly grasped his shoulders as a painful moan escaped her mouth, "GWAAA!"

CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP!

Cain started moving faster and faster. Marina's body writhed with each thrust, but she never asked him to stop once. After a few minutes, Cain unleashed a true load inside her, bulging her stomach with all he got.

Marina lay motionless as Cain pulled her meat from her back end. Everything spilled out, "How are you?" Cain looked at her.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Marina lifted her hand up, "I didn't resist for a moment," she smiled.

Cain patted her head with a smile, "Yes, you did," He then kissed her, "I love you,"

"Me as well," she said and went to sleep.

Cain turned toward the girls, "Who is next?" He smiled.

The girls looked at each other. They have already decided on the next one. To Cain's surprise, it was two rather than one. Bela and her daughter Jella approached him.

Cain looked at them, "Both?"

Bela smiled, "I managed to make a deal with the rest," she patted Jella's back, "We go together,"

"That wasn't the problem," Cain sighed.

Bela stared at Jella with a smile, "You kill him, and I will deal with the rest,"

Jella nodded, "You sure?"

SLAP! Bala smacked Jella's butt with a smile, "Go ahead!"

Jella approached Cain and started at his face, "I will have you know, I don't like this," She growled, kissing him.

Bela, on the other hand, kneeled down, looking at Cain's dripping meat. It was still drenched in what came from Marina. She smiled and opened her mouth, licking him from the base to the tip. "I still like the taste," she said, kissing the tip before bushing half in her mouth.

After the kiss, Cain looked at Jella, "You don't have to do it if you hate it," He said.

Jella glared at him, "Shut up," she growled.

Aria stared at them, "Weren't you masturbating to him each night since you two met? You said something about..." Before Aria could finish, a massive ice spear flew at her.

Again, using her toe she created a magic barrier and blocked the spell, "Come on. I said the truth." Aria stared at Jella with a smile.

"Shut up!" Jella glared at Aria, "Didn't Cain tell you not to butt in before?"

"I said I won't with Marina, not with anyone else," Aria smiled, "And I'm technically him. I could even do you a favor if you came straight."

"Really?" Jella stared at her.