Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Jella stared at Aria with a worried face, "Are you for real?" She asked and then looked at Cain,

"Yeah, just tell me," Aria smiled, "I can get it done rather quickly."

Jella gulped, she then started at the girls, and Bela below her, "Aria, can you please throw everyone out? I want some private time with Cain,"

Bela stood, staring at Jella, "What are you..." Poff!

In the next moment, Cain found himself alone with Jella inside a hot tub in one of the maze rooms. Jella teleported them instead of everyone else as that is easier.

"What did you want?" Cain asked with a smile.

Jella was confused for a moment. She didn't expect that to work that easily.

"Ah, yes. Are we alone here?" Jella looked around, trying to sense the magic around them, but felt nothing.

Cain nodded, "This room is isolated from the rest of the world. You can fell free to let loose. I even blocked Gracie's access to my shadow,"

Jella looked down, "Now that I'm here, it's hard to speak," She scratched her chin with a wry smile.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"Take your time, I'm here," Cain replied, resting in the hot water.

Jella took a few deep breaths and then looked at Cain. "First, let me thank you again for pulling me from hell," She said with a bow.

"We already talked about that, don't mind it," Cain replied. "There is something else you want to talk about, right,"

"I said first," Jella smiled, "I wanted to ask you for a favor. Can you separate me and Mom for a while? I can't stand how clingy she gets at times."

Cain stared at her, "Now that you mentioned it, She was a bit too active lately, right?"

"Yeah, I don't know if it's because of the becoming a lich or something else. But I couldn't imagine her pushing me toward a man or being as horny as she is now after she transformed." Jella said with a worried face.

"Becoming a lich can relieve someone from their mortal worries and morals. If she was secretly a pervert. Become a lich will only cause those traits to come out," Cain replied.

"Are you saying she was like this from the start? That becoming a lich only made her inner desires come out to the light?" Jella sighed.

"Yeah, a lich projects his soul from a phylactery to his body. That means there is a way for him to hide the true color of his soul," Cain replied, "Take Morena for an example. Even though she fought Zaleria all the time, she was a bit jealous of her."

"What are you talking about?" Jella gasped.

"Morena was jealous of her sister, and that only got fueled more when she learned of her relationship with me. Now how do you see her act?" Cain asked.

"Morena? She actively starts pity fights with Zaleria, and sometimes brags about how she is the only one who had your child." Jella replied.

"Exactly," Cain looked at her, and Jella smiled.

"I see," Jella looked up, "But please separate us for a while. It's really getting uncomfortable,"

"Got it," Cain replied.

Jella smiled and then looked at his face, "Shall we do it?" She asked.

"Are you sure?"

"Of course, but to be honest, I don't really care that much," She sat beside Cain and grabbed his meat with her hand. "But I would say you aren't half bad,"

"I'm not half bad? What is it that you don't like about me?" Cain asked, slipping his hand between her legs.

"Probably since mom can't shut up about you? Or that this one here is too big. It's intimidating," Jella replied, wrapping her arm around Cain's neck and pressing her chest on his shoulder.

"I can make it smaller. That isn't a problem," Cain replied, shrinking his meat to half the size.

Jella giggled, "This is what I like," She smiled and licked Cain's ears.

"I made it smaller for you," Cain pushed his fingers further between her legs, "What can you do?"

"I'm alone here with a god. Can I have a taste?" She licked his lips, whispering gently as she tried to stand with him.

Cain stood, "Fine, do what you like," He smiled, "But I get to do what I like after.

Jella stood facing him, pressing her bosom onto his chest with a smile, "I won't cry like Marina. Can you please lay down?" She caressed his back from the front in a hug.

Cain lay on the ground, looking up, "Like this?"

Jella smiled. But then looked at him with a worried face. "You won't get angry no matter what, right?" She looked at him.

"Why would you think that?" Cain sighed.

"Sorry, I still can imagine myself doing something that offends you and then ending up getting smacked across the room." She sighed.

"Don't worry," Cain replied, "Just give it a try,"

Jella nodded and then bent over Cain and stared at his meat. She then opened her mouth and licked the tip, giving it a gentle kiss. After that she went up to Cain's stomach, licking his abs as if she wanted milk to come out of them.

"I can count ten," Jella mumbled, "A whole ten," She then went up and started licking Cain's chest, and from there she moved to his neck and upper arms.

"You do like muscles?" Cain asked.

"Just let me go for a moment," Jella mumbled, going down to his palms. "They are big and look soft. But with a single touch, I can feel they are rough," She started sucking on his fingers.

With heavy breaths. Jella then went back to Cain's hips, taking his meat in her mouth and pushing it deeper into her throat, making sure to taste every bit. "Cain," she looked up at him with a red face, "Alice said you can release at will. Can I get some?"

Cain smiled, "Turn your butt toward me,"

"Can I sit on your face," Jella stared at him, confused.

"That's the plan, do it," Cain replied, and Jella slowly turned, resting her butt on his face while keeping his meat in her mouth.

As he promised her, Cain immediately started releasing a load in her mouth while he inspected her two eggs.

Jella's skin was as white as the snow, yet her insides were burning hot when Cain pushed a finger inside her. Her butt trembled each time he licked her, and gentle moans escaped her blocked throat.

"AHHH!" Jella took Cain's flesh from her mouth, gulping down every last drop, "I can see why Mom is addicted to you," she gasped.

"I'm happy you liked it," Cain said, gently biting her.

"AW!" Jella jumped out, smiling as she turned around, looking at Cain's face, "I'm not done yet," With a grin on her face, she turned toward his things, licking them.

"Look how thick and hard they are," She gasped, kissing his knees.

"Now for the part, I'm scared about," Jella stood and approached Cain's head, running her fingers like crazy between her legs, "I'm about to..." She as reaching her limits. She then looked at Cain, "Please don't get angry," she cried, sitting on his face.

With a loud moan, she climaxed on his face.

************************************

Far, far away!

As Cain was having fun in the bath with the girls, his father, Chad, finally had something massive to do in the elvish kingdom. He met a second goddess.

"What is this?" Chad screamed, glaring at the table before him. He couldn't take his eyes off the plate.

"I would say. This is a pleasant surprise," Evelyn smiled, "You're right. I never tried something like this before," Ariel added with a grin.

Aster stared at them, "It's just cheese, calm down," She took a bite, "MORE!" She glared at the old lady watching them.

"Hee?" The old lady cried, her long ears falling, "But, you already ate a lot." She replied.

"I'm a dragon. I can eat a lot," Aster replied with a serious face.

Chad smiled and looked a the old lady, "How could you make such cheese? I never tasted something like it before. And I traveled a lot,"

"Elves don't really like cheese. I had to make something amazing for my business to be viable." The old lady smiled, "If not for her majesty. Queen sylph. I would have closed my shop long ago."

Chad nodded, "No wonder, she recommended us to visit this place."

"I wish Cain would taste this. I bet he will cry," Evelyn smiled.

"Cry?" Ariel stared at her, "I don't think so. That man loves Mabel's bread."

Chad stood, pushing his chair back. "I got an Idea!" He glared at them, "What if we took this cheese, and put it on Mabel's bread?" He smiled, "That would be something out of this world."

"Bread?" the old woman stared at Chad, "You say someone can make amazing bread?"

"Yeah," Chad nodded, "And not just amazing. What she makes isn't the creation of a mortal."

"Would it be possible for me to taste her bread? Elves here do like bread a lot," The old lady said with a smile.

Evelyn looked at her with a smile, "We should be able to when our son comes here,"