Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Cain stood, putting Jella on her stomach, "Get ready," He whispered in her ear.

"Please, be gentle," She said, looking back at him. Cain took that chance to kill her, shoving his meat inside. "AH!" She moaned.

****

After a few minutes, Cain appeared back in the bath carrying the exhausted Jella, both her holes dripping. Bela approached them with a smile, "How did she do?" She asked with a smile.

"She was good," Cain patted Bela's head, "Let's see what you can do," Cain put Jella on the ground and grabbed Bela's wrist, pulling her away.

"Aren't you but rough with me?" Bela gasped with a smile, "I won't say I hate it," she jumped toward him.

Cain grabbed her by the shoulders and kissed her, pushing her toward the ground and lifting her legs. "You're already wet," He said with a smile.

Bela smiled, "Please, put it in. I can't wait," she moaned, and Cain shoved his entire flesh inside her, pushing deeper and deeper into her.

"GAH!" She gasped, her toes curling and a smile crossing her face, "That's it," She mumbled.

"Cain!" Aria called to Cain, "Strangle her. She will like it. You don't have to worry since she's a lich," She waved her hands.

Cain looked down at Bela, and she grabbed his hands and moved them to her neck, "Please,"

"Fine," Cain sighed, squizzing her neck as he increased his speed. To Bela, it was that simple, hammer her as hard as you could, and it will be enough.

When Cain was done with Bela, he left her shivering on the ground and turned toward the other girls. But at that moment, the bath door got kicked open.

"My Majesty has returned!" Lola shouted, opening her arms wide, "The dragon queen has returned!" Everyone stared at her.

"Don't break the door!" Klara shouted at her.

"Silence, human!" Lola stared at her, "Cain! I came here to challenge you again! Are you worthy of the dragon queen!"

Cain looked at Lola and then at Sofia. 'She's the dragon goddess but called the dragon queen. So I guess Sofia is their goddess, and Lola is now the queen?'

"I refuse. We're in the middle of some important business now," Cain replied. He sighed and stared at me, "If you attacked me, I would shove it inside you until I felt like letting you go," He poked his meat. "Why are you naked anyway if you came to fight?"

"Big words for someone I'm going to beat!" Lola clenched her fist, "Do it if you can!" She jumped at Cain with all her might, swinging a fist.

Cain waved his palm, deflecting her fist with ease.

Lola smiled, twisting her body and swinging a kick at Cain's head. Thud! Cain grabbed her foot with a smile, "Is this all you got?"

Lola smiled. ZON! Her body disappeared, "How about this?" She appeared in the back, holding Sofia with a claw to the neck. "One move and I will cut her throat open,"

Cain sighed, "I understand it. You want me to beat you. You could have just asked."

Sofia smiled, looking at Lola, "Even so, what are you doing?" Sofia turned her hand and grabbed Lola's wrist.

"GA!" Lola swung her second hand at Sofia's neck, but her claws couldn't scratch her.

With a smile, Sofia grabbed Lola by the head and slowly pushed her down to her knees, "I'm your goddess, show some respect," Sofia looked at her with a grin.𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"Like I would bow to the like of you!" Lola growled.

Sofia smiled, grabbing Lola by the face and forcing her mouth open, shoving her foot inside. "Let me correct myself. You won't show respect. I will make you show respect,"

Morena burst laughing, "Our queen, why are you putting on this show?" She smiled, "Probably pride?" Zaleria sighed.

Sofia looked at them, "Would that really matter here?" She looked at Cain, and then at Lola, "Go fight him if you want," Sofia then threw Lola at Cain.

"Thanks!" Cain grabbed the struggling Lola. She couldn't even escape his grasp.

"Cain, you have to beat her like you did Zaleria and Morena. Remember that both of them got a beating before." Aria called from the side.

"I see," Cain nodded, "A dragon marriage,"

"Exactly," Aria smiled, flicking her finger and transporting them to the maze. Lola stared at all the empty space around her and smiled.

"I can finally go all out!" She roared, starting her transformation.

BAM! Before she could transform, Cain punched her in the face, sending her body rolling on the ground. "GAH!" She gasped, looking up, only to see Cain's foot about to stomp her face. CRACK! Cain stomped her to the ground and kicked her away.

Thud! Using her claws, she regained her balance and searched for Cain. She couldn't find him. But then, she suddenly felt a hand on her butt, "You're soft," Cain said behind her.

"GA!" Lola screamed, turning around and swinging her claw at his neck.

Thud! CRACK! Cain deflected her claw, grabbed her face, and smacked her on the ground.

"You weren't this strong," Lola growled, glaring at Cain's face.

"I'm always growing stronger," Cain smiled.

"You won't even let me transform," She growled.

"You aren't good enough to transform while fighting me. Sofia could it before I can stop her, but you can't." Cain replied, letting go of Lola's face.

BAM! Lola jumped away, glaring at Cain, "I will beat you,"

Cain smiled, "I have an idea. Suck it, and I will let you transform," He pointed at his flesh.

"Are you messing with me?" Lola growled.

"Of course I am. What could this be otherwise?" Cain stared at her with a puzzled face.

"GRWAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!" Lola growled in rage, leaping at him with a lightning claw infused with fire.

Thud! Cain dodged her attack with ease, "Take this!" Lola shouted, opening her mouth and releasing a lightning-fire breath.

SWOSH! Cain swung his hand, pushing two fingers in her mouth and stopping her breath. As she gasped, "Cain dropped her on the ground and stomped her stomach, kicking the air out of her lungs to make sure she won't unleash another breath anytime soon.

GAH! Lola gasped, and then start at Cain with an embarrassed face, "Does the other from earlier still stand?" She mumbled.

"I was joking, you said it yourself. I was messing with you." Cain stared at her.

Lola scratched her, "I mean, could you..."

Cain sighed, his head hurting, "Fine, but ask nicely,"

"I will suck you off, so please let me transform. Please," She begged.

Cain sighed, "This seems like a trap, but I will play with you,"

Bela smiled, grabbing Cain's flesh in her hand and staring at it. She then slowly started licking it.

"Take it all the way into your throat. Licking won't get you anywhere," Cain said, smiling.

Lola opened her mouth and shoved his meat deep into her throat, sucking while toying with his jewels with her hands. After a few minutes of hard work, Cain finally unloaded deep in her throat. "That's it," He said with a smile.

Lola looked at him, smiling inside. She gathered all of her strength and bite down. At the same time, she tried to crush his jewels in her palm.

CLACK! To her surprise, even her bite couldn't would Cain. His meat remained shoved in her mouth without a scratch. Even his jewels were hard.

THUD! Cain grabbed her head, "You tried to bite me off?" He stared at her with a smile, "You brought this on yourself,"

Lola struggled to run away, but Cain held her head in place, keeping his flesh deep into her throat. She then felt something warm flow into her throat. She struggled even harder, but couldn't escape.

"Wait, there is a bit left," Cain said and released her a few moments later.

"GA!" Lola cried, glaring at him, "You pissed in my throat!" She cried.

"Said the dragon who eats humans whole with all that inside them. You even tried to bite me off." Cain stared at her, "You brought it on yourself,"

Lola growled and lept back, transforming into her draconic form in rage.

"I can't believe you have done that!"

"I bet Sofia will do it with a smile if I asked," Cain looked at Lola, "You aren't close to her,"

Lola stopped and stared at him, "How much do you bet?"

"What do you want?"

"I will do the same to you if she refused," Lola growled, and then opened her claw, "For now, I will beat you to a pulp first,"

ZON! Cain disappeared and appeared beside her head, "You just became a bigger target," He said in a menacing voice, swinging a fist at Lola's cheek.

CRACK! BAM! With a shock wave, Cain's punch blasted Lola away, knocking a few of her teeth out as she rolled on the ground. "Where did you go?" She gasped.

"I'm here," Cain said, standing beside the tip of her tail. Before She could react, he swung her like a doll and smacked her on the ground, breaking her transformation.

GAH! Lola woke up in her human form, her head spinning. When she looked up, Cain was stepping on her chest and looking at her eyes. "Still want more?"

"I didn't lose yet," Lola growled.

"There is something I wanted to mention," Cain looked at her, "With your strength, you aren't even an opponent worth using magic against,"

Lola closed her eyes, "You're holding back even now," she sighed.

"Then? Are you satisfied?" Cain stared at her.

"Yeah, It's my loss. I approve of you as my husband, and the domination is in your hands," Lola replied with a smile, and Cain lifted his foot from her.

Lola turned her place and showed her butt to Cain, opening it up with her hands, "It's all yours," She said with a red face and flashing eyes.