Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Bahamut flew over the sea, spotting Lola fly right into the ship, "The dragon king's daughter?" she mumbled, "Guess she was out doing something?" He looked in the direction she came from.

"I heard she was a bit of an idiot, but to think it's this bad," Bahamut sighed, transforming into his human form and floating in the air.

"It's no use hiding," Bahamut roared, "You might trick her, but not me,"

From the clouds, ten dragons emerged. Three red, one blue and white, two black, and lastly one green and purple.

"Who are you?" One of the red dragons growled.

"Just an old steel dragon," Bahamut smiled.

"Steel? We heard that the steel dragon in this ship was a woman, and your draconic form barely looked like one,"

Bahamut glared at them, "It cannot be helped. You chromatic are a bunch of idiots,"

The dragons glared at Bahamut, "Are you seeking death?" They growled, "We're here to avenge our king. That bastard Lisworth won't survive us together,"

"You followed your princess all the way here. Do you think she will be happy with what you are doing?" Bahamut smiled, opening his arms.

"She thinks the dragons will simply accept her as a queen. She cannot be more wrong." One of the dragons growled, "We will kill the white mage and dragon her out. The winner between us will take her and become the next dragon king,"

Bahamut smiled, "I see," He cracked his neck, "It's a shame, but I will teach you a lesson." He clenched his fist, "Pray to your goddess. Only she can save you,"

"Tiamat is dead," The purple dragon growled.

DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"Dead? Didn't you feel her awakening?"

"But pity magic. She won't ever come back." The green dragon growled, opening his jaw. With a deep roar, a blast of poison rushed toward Bahamut, engulfing him in a cloud of toxic gas. "Soon you will die,"

Bahamut smiled, taking a deep breath and sucking all the poison into his body. The dragons backed away, seeing him, standing still with a smile. "I see, a paralyzing poison that attacks the nervous system and cause all the organs to shut down,"

"How can you still move?" The green dragon growled.

"I might be on my deathbed, but you kids aren't enough to push over the edge, not by a long shot," Bahamut smiled. CRACK! With a thunderclap, his body flashed toward the green dragon and touched his head with his palm.

"FIRST FORM: ROAR!" CRACKLE! BOOM! A shock wave exploded from Bahamut's hand, and a painful creek resembling that of metal clashing boomed.

The green dragon's body flew backward, his bones cracking from the impact. The other dragons rushed in to attack, "Who are you?" they screamed.

"Who am I?" Bahamut smiled, "SECOND FORM: SHATTER!" CRASH! The air around him cracked, and his body disappeared, leaving an empty void in the air that collapsed and pulled all the dragons together.

"I'm the king who drinks under the sunlight!" Bahamut shouted in the sky, staring at the dragon while floating upside down, "The one who will teach a lesson about life!"

The dragons bumped into each other, quickly separating and staring up at Bahamut, "Die!" one of the red dragons opened his jaw, unleashing a massive fire breath.

"THIRD FORM: CLAP!" Bahamut clapped his hands, sending a sound shockwave downward, extinguishing the dragon's breath and blasting the dragon into the water. SPLASH! The dragons fell deep into the seawater, unable to fathom what kind of monster they faced.

Ting! Bahamut flew down, touching the water with his palm, "FIRST FORM: ROAR!" BOOM! The sea exploded, sending massive amounts of water into the sky.

SWOSH! The blue dragon rushed at him in human form with a lighting fist. CLANG! Bahamut deflected it, but the dragon spun and kicked him in the side, sending him away. Bahamut immediately regained his balance, and the blue dragon growled, "You bastard," His leg was broken.

One of the red dragons rushed out and healed the blue one, "Be careful. This bastard isn't a random dragon. I have a feeling he's special."

"All those who work for the white mage are the same, empowered with magic. All we need is to force him to exhaust his mana, and it will be over," The blue dragon growled.

"You lot really lack manners," Bahamut stared at them, scratching his chin.

"Do you need help?" A voice came from the ship, and when everyone looked. It's an old man. "Jorm, did I wake you up?" Bahamut looked down.

"You know I like to nap at noon," Jorm floated toward Bahamut, "We're old and need rest,"

"It's not my fault," Bahamut shook his head, "Those young ones came here looking for a fight,"

Jorm stared toward the ten dragons surrounding them, "We heard that the whole mage like to collect women, but until now, we only saw old farts like you," the black dragon growled.

Jorm turned toward him, "Then consider yourself lucky," He said with a passive face and took his shirt off, revealing a battle-hardened body, "Lord Cain healed my thousand-year-old wounds, let's see how you fare." Jorm had been fighting devils in hell for centuries. Those dragons weren't even born when he caused mayhem in hell.

"Who are you?" The white dragon growled.

"I'm a mere worm," Jorm said and then looked at Bahamut, "And he's a lizard,"

"Are you fucking with us?" The blue dragon screamed, blitzing at Jorm with a punch.

CRACK! Jorm caught the dragon by the face with ease, "You're slowly," He said as the dragon growled. BAM! BAM! The dragon started punching at kicking, but Jorm didn't even budge, taking all the hits as if they were nothing.

The other nine dragons opened their jaws, unleashing a combined breath attack.

THUD! Bahamut clenched his fist, smiling at the terrifying attack approaching him, "FIFTH FORM: HYPER BLAST!" He shouted as his fists flashed, sending a blast of air to block all the breaths at once.

"Impossible! That wasn't even a breath!" One of the red dragons cried.

"He stopped our breaths?"

The dragons couldn't believe what happens before their eyes. They had no idea they were facing the Metalic dragon god himself. And that the old man holding their friend was an ancient fragment of the world serpent.

As the blast pushed the dragons away, Bahamut smiled, "Jorm, let's show those kids how was it in our days,"

Jorm smiled, throwing the dragon in his hand at the others and flying toward Bahamut, "Let's do it,"

Bahamut opened his palm and smiled, "I haven't worked out like this in a thousand years. TENTH FORM! GRAVITY BLAST!"

The sky turned purple, and the dragons got suspended mid-air. The seawater started floating as the gravity of the whole area got decimated. His aura engulfed the whole ocean, and almost overpowered Umberlee's domain over the realm.

"Me as well. but you never used your metal." Jorm clenched his fists, [FIRE OF THE GODS] Jorm's body cracked with embers of flames, transforming into his massive serpent form. From head to tail, his body spanned across the horizon as if he was as large as the world itself,

The sheer heat of his body caused the sea to boil and evaporate.

Bahamut swung his fist down, "See you later! ELEVENTH FORM! THUNDERING HAMMER OF THE PLATINUM GOD!"

"Ah! I see," One of the dragons mumbled, "He's Bahamut," He realized at the last moment before he got blasted into the ocean floor.

***

In the abyss, umberlee was overseeing the war when she felt something ominous over her domain, "Wait? Why is that old man going crazy there?" She gasped, feeling Bahamut's aura in her realm. She dropped what she was doing and looked over, "It can't be," She couldn't believe her eyes. The dying metallic dragon god was fighting again, "His divine rank is slowly increasing. He already reached eleven!"

Bahamut who was slowly getting weak, and approaching his death was now regaining his former power and glory, all thanks to Cain healing him. One of the most terrifying gods is returning to the world.

"My lady, is there a problem?" Umberlee's archon approached her.

"No, it's nothing," Umberlee replied, "He's on our side, so it isn't a problem," She smiled, "Mystra, how are you going to deal with this one?"

***

In the realm of magic, Mystra screamed, "The bastard! How more does he need to mess with the world order to be satisfied?" She cried, glaring from her realm at Cain's ship.

Shar, the goddess of darkness approached her, "Calm down. We can still take him down." She said.

"You say that as if it's easy." Mystra growled, "It was hard enough dealing with Lilia, and now we have to worry about Bahamut coming back. Platinum is the best metal at conducting magic. That dragon can eat the raw fabric of magic itself,"

"I know, but as long as we..." Shar was about to speak. But she fell silent, "Shit, she's trying to come back. I can feel her light across the dark void of the ethereal realm,"

"Don't tell me!" Mystra stood.

"The one who killed Tiamat, Kossuth Shadowned, the fire goddess."