Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The dragons fell into the sea as Bahamut and Jorm stared at them, "Fools, can't you even sense Bahamut's aura? How could you miss a god's mighty existence?" Jorm sighed.

"Come on, I'm old and weak," Bahamut said, "I can't blame the young ones for not recognizing my aura. I'm worried more that they couldn't sense your power,"

"I'm not that strong to be known," Jorm replied, "I'm but a shard of my former self, weak and fragile,"

"I heard from Cain that Mammon was aiming to absorb your power," Bahamut smiled, "He at least knew the worth of a fragment of the world serpent. Do you know where are the other parts of you?"

Jorm combed his beard, "I fell through hell. I bet the other parts and in the lower layers,"

"Nessus? I guess that is the only place to look in," Bahamut said, and then looked at the sky, "The sun is weirdly hot today," He mumbled, seeing god rays pierce the sky.

"Let's get some rest," Jorm flew down to the ship, sitting there to crack his back, "I shouldn't have stretched like that,"

Bahamut flew down after Jorm and lay on the deck, watching the clouds pass by, "Days come, and days go. The dragon will keep attacking us as long as they don't understand the difference in power between us."

"I wouldn't say it's a problem of power. It's a problem of understanding." Jorm said. "Even though we're traveling with Tiamat, a red dragon, and a dracolich, we still haven't been attacked by a metallic dragon, not even once."

Bahamut smiled, "My people understand their limits and won't be attacking randomly. It might strike you as strange, but metallic dragons don't hate chromatic dragons. They worship me as well as Tiamat. That is why both me and I got stuck at Divine rank ten."

Jorm stared at him, "I felt you getting stronger, but that isn't because Cain healed you, is it?"

Bahamut smiled, "That is a part of it. My body won't be able to take that power if Cain didn't heal me." Bahamut looked at the sky, "Some old chromatic dragons started worshipping Tiamat again. I could sense their souls perish in a fight in her name. That is what caused me to gain some power,"

"So you're saying both you and Tiamat share the power of your worshippers?" Jorm stared at Bahamut.

"Yes, My father, Asgorath, the father of all dragons, was a divine rank twenty. He split his power between Tiamat and me. The truth is that the chromatic dragon saw that splitting as a sign of weakness, and their worship of Tiamat only grew weaker. At some point, we only had the worship of the metallic dragons to sustain us," Bahamut explained.

𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Jorm stared at him, "You two sound like poor siblings splitting a single loaf of bread."

Bahamut laughed, "To be fair, Moradin used that analogy. But right now, chromatic dragons are starting to worship Tiamat again. The metallic dragon's beliefs never grew weak. We're getting back on our feet."

Jorm stared at Bahamut, "But Sofia isn't your sister, is she?"

"Of course, she isn't," Bahamut looked at Jorm, "It was never about us being siblings. It was about the power split between us, and Sofia holds the other half of the power I have,"

"I see," Jorm sighed, looking at the mansion's door, "Why didn't Cain react to those dragons?"

"He reacted," Bahamut said with a smile, "With all our fighting and destruction. Why do you think the ship survived?" He looked at Jorm, "Cain saw the attack coming and saw us going to stop the dragons. He just decided to protect the ship and leave us to finish the work we started."

"You sure?" Jorm laughed, "I don't think he is listening. Cain already had the ship protected with magic,"

~I can hear you, Jorm~

Cain called into Jorm's head, scaring him.

"AH! Cain!" Jorm jumped, almost hurting his back, "You were listening?"

~Yeah.~ Cain replied, ~To tell you the truth, I rather not fight or use magic in the coming few days. I need to save on MP~

Bahamut looked up, "Save MP? You? I thought you had a boatload of that?"

~I do, but it's barely enough with what I am planning. I would appreciate it if you could protect us while I'm focusing on that.~

After hearing Cain's explanation, Bahamut smiled, "You don't have to worry. I will keep everyone safe with the help of Jorm here. You just relax in the coming days. I will deal with everything else.

~Thanks, see you later~

Cain closed the call and sighed, "I didn't expect him to accept so easily. Maybe he's eager to use his newfound power." Cain looked at the sleeping Lola, "I should take her back to the bath," He carried her and teleported back to the bath.

ZON! When Cain appeared, all the girls have been waiting for him.

"Here she is. Let her rest," Cain lay Lola on the ground. He had filled her to the brim.

Sofia then approached Cain with a smile, "When you were out. I talked with the girls here about something." She said.

"What is it?" Cain looked at her, noticing the maids coming closer.

"We decided that each of us should have a personal maid. Marina is the one who suggested it." Sofia said with a smile.

"Why is that?" Cain asked, and Zaleria approached him. "Let's say some of us need a little care." she looked at Selena, "And lessons about not damaging things."

The girls nodded, "So who, will be with whom?" Cain asked, looking at the girls staring at each other.

Sofia smiled, walking toward the maids and pulling Lexi with her. "I'm taking her. Lexi is my personal maid." She said with a smile.

Katherine walked out and caught Selena who was playing in the water, "I'm the only one who has enough stamina to keep her in check,"

Alice smiled. Pulling Klara out of the maids with a grin, "I will be taking her. She quite skillful, I would say."

Klara giggled, "I expected as much,"

Alice smiled and looked at all the maids, "This doesn't mean I won't beat you if you did something wrong." All the maids nodded.

Gracie looked around and then approached Cain, "I'm your personal maid, so I will not be having a personal maid," She said.

Cain looked at her, "That can't be," He smiled, "You might need some help," He looked around, "Is there anyone that you want to be your sidearm?"

Gracie looked around and stopped. "Then, can I take Melissa, Meliliana, and Kai?"

Cain looked at her, "Who's Kai?"

Gracie looked at him, tilting her head, "The shadow devil you met in hell, the one we fought in the dungeon in the past."

"But she isn't here," Cain replied.

Gracie bent down, pushing her hand into her shadow, "AW! Let me go! I don't want to get out!" Everyone heard a scream coming from the shadows. Gracie then pulled Kai by her hair, lifting her like a doll.

"She's here,"

Kai curled on herself, trying to cover her naked body, "I don't want to get in the bath with you all," she cried.

"I need to show you to Cain," Gracie said.

Kai looked at Cain for a moment, and she immediately lost consciousness, falling motionless on the ground. Lilia approached her and laughed, "She couldn't handle the aura of all the gods here," She lifted Kai with magic.

"She only stared at your eyes, but that was enough to knock her out,"

"Will she be fine?" Cain asked.

"She will be," Lilia smiled, "Just imagine your idol seeing you naked. She could have died of embarrassment," She then threw Kai back into Gracie's shadow.

"Those three are going to be my servants," Gracie said.

"Are you sure about Meliliana?" Cain looked at her, "Yes, we're over that problem," Gracie replied.

Cain then looked at Marina, "What about you?"

"I already have my twin maids. They are enough for me," She smiled.

Cain scratched his head, turning toward Mary, "Who would you take?"

Mary smiled, looking at the maids, "I would like to take Everly. She is smart and would be helpful to have around," she approached her with a smile. Everly bowed in response, "As you wish,"

"What about you, Zaleria?" Cain smiled, looking at the eager red dragon waiting in the back with a grin on her face, "I would like to take Elsie, she might get angry often, but I won't mind that?"

"Lady Zaleria," Elise stared at her.

"Well, I don't like it when you wake me up from having a nap on the roof," Zaleria said with a wry smile. For some reason, Elsie face twisted a bit, "That day, you remained there for three days! Even pigeons pooped on you. You slept like a log,"

"The moment I woke up, my flames burned everything, so it's fine," Zaleria waved her hand.

"No, it isn't, my lady." Elsie growled at Zaleria, "For that reason, you keep smelling of sulfur and pumice. You shouldn't clean yourself with your flames like wild dragons."

Zaleria shrunk to the side, looking away, "I get it, I get it," She sighed.

Cain smiled, knowing that Zaleria picked Elise just to keep herself in check. Only a fearless angry maid can scold a city-burning red dragon.