Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Farryn stared at Zaleria, who kept arguing with Elsie, "Cain, who do you think I should take?"

"Why are you asking me?" Cain replied, staring at her.

Farryn shook her head, "Who knows? I just wanted to hear your opinion,"

Cain looked at the maids, "How about Amara?" Cain looked at the maids and then att Farryn, "I'm sure you will learn a thing or two from her,"

"Like what? Are you sure about her?" Farryn stared at Cain with a dubious face.

"Sorry, but..." Amara stared at them and approached Cain, looking at Farryn, "You asked for his advice. Should you be saying that?" She said.

Cain looked at Farryn and smiled, "You heard her. This is why." He patted Amara's head, "She's cheerful but doesn't fear speaking her mind. For you who can easily irritate others, having her around can help you immensely," Cain smiled.

Farryn stared at him, "Fine," She smiled, "I just wanted to know what you have to say. I was a maid, after all," That was true. Farryn was Sylph's maid and slave before she released her to head to Cain. She was almost in the same position as Gracie.

Nemmoxon approached Cain, "I will be with Diana. She's been caring for me for a while now," She said with a smile, "I like talking to her,"

Cain patted Nemmoxon, "Bronze dragons like conversations, that's a good decision," He then looked at Diana, "If you please,"

Diana bowed slightly, "Of course. I was about to ask the same," She looked at them with a smile, approaching Nemmoxon.

Isbert looked around, "Can I sort my own maids from the castle? I did have some," She said with a smile. "Same for us," Sara and Noel walked forward.

"Of course, It's the same with Marina. I can't push people onto you." Cain replied. And then looked at the rest, "This only leaves Lola, Hati, and Serin," He smiled.

The three girls looked at each other, "Please choose. I will not stand before you." Serin said with a smile.

"No," Cain approached them and turned toward the maids, "Jemima, you're a worshipper of Chauntea, right?"

Jemima stared at him, "You want me to serve Serin?" She gasped, never expecting to end up serving the Archon of her belief.

"It will help strengthen your powers as an agent of Chantea," Cain said with a smile. He didn't intend on standing between Jemima and what she wants.

"Thank you," Jemima bowed slightly and approached Serin, "Don't be stiff," Serin said,

"I mean," Jemima scratched her head, "Standing before someone from the scripture. At first, I kept myself calm, saying it's all because of Master Cain." She has started feeling nervous talking directly with Serin.

"I will take Amaya if you don't mind," Hati said with a smile, "We've been working together for a while now." She smiled.

"Working together?" Cain looked at them.

"She controls zombies, and I have earth magic. We make a great team," Hati said with a smile, and Amaya stared at her, "I would have preferred to serve Master Cain directly," She sighed.

"You don't like me?" Hati stared at Amaya with a sad face.

"I serve Master Cain as his maid. And I serve you as his ladies. I wouldn't say I like or hate anyone." Amaya replied, looking at Cain, "I like Master Cain, though. He's special."

"In what way?" Hati asked.

"He has my soul in his hands," Amaya replied with a smile. The girls stared at her before they heard Aria speak, "Quite literally. Amaya's soul is inside Cain's body. He is her phylactery."

"Ahem!" Cain then looked down at the still-sleeping Lola, "What about her,"

Aria stood, approaching them with a smile, "Lola can have Ellie. To keep her in check,"

"Me?" Ellie pointed at herself, "You want me to keep an eye on a dragon princess?"

"You're stronger than her right now. Make sure she doesn't do anything stupid," Aria said and looked at Cain, "You've been sucking his blood all this time. Don't underestimate your own strength."

"I understand. You can count on me." Ellie replied with a smile.

"How about you two?" Cain looked toward Jella and her mother, Bela.

"I work for Amaya as a part of the undead army," Bela replied, smiling, "You shouldn't concern yourself with me. I have countless undead serving me," she then looked at her daughter.

"Lucy take care of her," Cain said with a smile, and Lucy approached Jella, "Nice to work with you," she bowed slightly.

"Wait, why?" Jella stared at Cain, but Aria stood between them, "Good for you. Or should I spell it for you?"

"Spell what?" Jella asked, glaring at Aria.

"Lucy will help you, so focus on your magic," Aria said with a smile, "Let me be honest. You're talented as a witch, but you're weak compared to everyone else here,"

Jella looked down, "I understand. I will work more on my witchcraft,"

"Don't forget you're an ice devil. That power will surely be of help,"

Jella looked at Aria with a smile, "Yes! I will do my best,"

Cain looked at them, smiling with his fists on his hip, "You speak like that, but what about you?" He looked at Aria.

Aria smiled, looking at Cain with a stream of magic flowing from her eyes, "Notice: My name is Aria Lisworth. A mass of brains that separated from Cain Lisworth and still operate. My whole existence is one with you. We are the same being, but with different shapes," Aria said in a monotonous voice.

Cain smiled, "Why do you speak like that? You might be a part of me, but could have your own maids,"

Aria approached Cain, standing beside him, "Do you tell your arm she's a different being? You took Gracie, and I'm you," She smiled, looking at Gracie.

"I don't mind," Gracie said.

"What?" Both Aria and Cain stared at her.

"Cain can have a maid serve each of his limbs," Gracie approached Cain and then looked at the maids, "You can have one lick each of your limbs,"

Aria laughed, "Are you saying you would lick me?"

"You smell like Cain," Gracie replied, "My sole job is to serve Cain as his shadow, and I won't mind anything,"

Aria looked at Cain, "You heard her," She smiled, "You have me, Eilistraee, Morena, and Lolth as parts of you. Do you think Gracie, Melissa, and Meliliana alone are enough?"

"Hold up, that makes you seven," Cain stared at her.

"Six, don't count me in," Aria smiled, "I won't be sucking myself anytime soon," She looked at the girls, "But I don't mind being served by you,"

ZON! Morena emerged from behind Cain and looked at Aria, "What are you talking about?"

Aria smiled, "Exactly what it means," She looked at them, "I'm not an outsider brain who still lives within Cain. I'm the other half of his soul. I merely took the shape of a woman as it was simpler to manifest, and will spare us the confusion,"Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Serin glared at them, "Can you stop lying?" She said, "It's not like you didn't want to. You can't take Cain's shape,"

"What are you talking about?" Aria glared at her.

"Cain was unconscious when you manifested. To us Archons it's forbidden to take the liking of our god. Unless granted permission at the spot," Serin approached Aria, "If Cain was awake at that moment and he said yes to you, we would have two Cains standing here,"

"Stop right there!" Lilia approached them with a smile, "End the conversation here,"

The two archons stared at her. Their glares indicate that they won't listen. "I warned you,"

Aria sighed, "As you say,"

"Are you listening to her?" Serin said, staring at Aria with a smug face.

Aria glared back, "You don't know who Lilia is," She said, "If you knew, you won't have that smirk on your face,"

"Come on, you control the system, and she is in it. Show us what you can do?" Serin said.

Lilia burst laughing, "How amusing, how amusing," She floated toward Serin, glaring at her eyes, "How is a godless Archon still standing? Yeah, I'm keeping you alive,"

Serin stoped, "What are..." Her face turned pale, and she screamed, "Chauntea!" She felt her goddess die, and her link transferred to Lilia. "Didn't Chauntea warn you about me?" Lilia glared at her with an evil grin.

"What do you do?" Serin cried,

"Killed her since you were annoying," Lilia said, but Cain grabbed her head, "Master, please stop it,"

Lilia glared back at him, "Fine," Her glare turned into a smile, "How about now?"

Serin stood there dumbfounded, "I can feel Chauntea again," she was about to cry when a voice screamed in her head, [YOU IDIOT! WHAT DID YOU DO?]

"Lady Chauntea?" Serin gasped, "Are you safe?"

[DID YOU MESS WITH THE LAUGHING TORNADO? APOLOGIZE RIGHT NOW!]

"What do you mean?" Serin gasped.

Lilia sat on Cain's shoulders and opened her palm. A golden heart emerged, radiating with green magic, "I used your link to sneak my power to Chantea, and I have her divine core here in my palm."

"Give that back," Cain sighed, "Chauntea is an ally. And I don't think that Serin did anything that could anger you,"

Lilia looked at Cain, "You're right. I'm not angry at her. I'm amused," She smiled, "She doesn't have the same faith the other girls have," Lilia sent the divine heart back to Chauntea without any issues.

"Let's take Alice, for example." Lilia smiled, "She was uncomfortable with me at the start, but when she saw your trust in me, she changed her mind." Lilia looked at the girls, "They will do anything you ask, no matter how absurd it is, and that's what I like about them. Even if Alice insulted, and punched me in the face, I can laugh it off because I know she won't hesitate when things are serious,"

"What do you mean?" Serin gasped.

"They will die if Cain told them to do it, but you are different," Lilia smiled,

"I said everyone stops!" Cain stopped the conversation, "Cain is right, stop," Aria looked at Lilia.

"Fine," Lilia sighed.

Cain looked at Serin, "Don't question Lilia and don't disobey her when she is serious. That always ends badly," He then lifted Lilia and put her on the ground.

Lilia smiled, "You're lucky I'm a sucker for Cain. I will accept anything as long as it's him,"

Serin stared at them, confused, "What?"