Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Lilia flew behind Cain and landed in GAIA's arms, "I have my maid, so call me when you need my help. I am always listening," Clothes covered Lilia and GAIA as the rest of the inevitable maids approached and were clothed as well.

Cain looked at them, ~You found the tarrasque?~

Lilia stared at Cain with a smile, "OH! No, please don't peek into my mind," she wiggled like a worm getting out of the ground.

Cain smiled, "I didn't say anything. I was thinking that you are the one listening to my mind," He approached her with a grin, "Where is he?"

"Deep under the east elvish mountains. What I found is a cave that will lead me closer to where the beast is hibernating," She smiled, explaining what she found.

"So, who found the cave?"

"One of us," GAIA replied. "Since they are built to search and destroy greater powers like me, I thought they could help get to the tarrasque," Lilia said, and with a smile, they disappeared.

Cain looked back at the girls, "We should move to. We've been here for a long time,"

"Heh!" Hati stared at him, "What about me? I still didn't have my turn?"

"We can then stay in my room," Cain cracked his neck.

Cain walked toward the changing room, followed by Gracie, Melissa, Meliliana, and Kai. Their clothes were already waiting, as the ghosts serving the mansion prepared everything.

"GEH!" Kai gasped, seeing her new pair of panties floating in the air with a robe, "What is this?" She cried.

"Ah! You can't see them, can you?" Cain touched her head, and she saw the transparent figure of a woman handing the panties to her. "Ghosts, I have them work around the mansion."

"I can see her," Kai gasped.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"I had to let you see them. They are usually invisible," Cain explained, "This mansion is on a dimension of its own, a demi-plan. To see the ghosts you have to be connected to the ethereal plane, which you can't do from here without my permission," He then looked away, "Or being Lilia and cracking the spell on your own," He looked sad.

Kai stared at him, "You control ghosts?"

Cain looked at her, smiling. "Of course, I can. Necromancy is one of my strongest arts,"

"But I never saw you summon an undead. I don't sense necrotic magic from you either. Your maid Amaya and that lich Bela seemed more skilled in necromancy than you," Kai stared at him.

Cain laughed, and Gracie glared at Kai, "Cain is the one who raised them from death."

Thud! Melissa grabbed Kai's shoulder, "Don't think too much about it, I saw the undead army he raised for Amaya, and that thing is bones chilling,"

Meliliana stared at Cain, "You were using some weird magic when we fought,"

"You mean this?" Blue cracks filled Cain's body as necrotic magic flooded his veins. "Necrotic control using raise dead. A simple trick in which I use necrotic magic to move my body like a doll,"

"You call it a simple trick," Meliliana sighed, "But that would make some mages go insane."

"I just mean I can't be paralyzed or killed unless inside an anti-magic field by someone stronger than me," Cain replied.

"And that only person is that short brat?" Meliliana. SMACK! Melissa smacked her head, "Don't you dare insult her. Do you want us to get killed?"

Cain waved his hand, "You don't have to worry. Lilia doesn't care about things like that." He smiled, "What you should avoid is peeking at her interest as Serin did,"

Both Melissa and Meliliana bowed, apologizing.

After wearing their clothes, Cain walked out and headed toward the living room where he relaxed on the couch, "Should I bring you anything?" Gracie asked with a smile.

"Tea if you please," He closed his eyes, leaning on the couch, and took a deep breath. ~Bahamut, how did the fight go~

~We cleared the dragon, and I have their bodies stored. You don't have to worry about anything. Jorm and I are enough to fend off the little bastards~

~I don't want to overwork you two~

~Said another white beard. Don't worry about us. This amount of exercise is necessary to keep us in shape~

"Cain," Aira approached the couch and sat beside Cain, "You relaxing?"

"Where did you come from?"

"The door?" She pointed toward the living room door.

"Forget I even asked. What do you need?" Cain stared at her.

Aria lay on the couch and rested her head on his lap, "I just wanted to relax by your side,"

CREEK! The door opened, and Gracie walked in with a tray full of tea and sweets. She gently laid them on the table and bowed, "Cain, lady Aria, tea is ready," She then lifted her head.

'Why did she call Aria a lady?' Cain felt that something was wrong.

"Here! Thank you, Gracie," Aria closed her eyes, trying to take a nap on Cain's lap.

Gracie slowly lifted her skirt and then her foot. She glared at Aria's head with glowing purple eyes, "Hem!" She dropped a stomp at her head.

In the blink of an eye, Aria looked up to see the bottom of Gracie's shoe accelerating toward her head. She immediately rolled away, and Gracie ended up stomping Cain's jewelry.

"AW! That hurts!" Cain cried, curling into a ball as Gracie glared at Aria, "Come back here,"

"Are you crazy? You almost hit my face," Aria cried.

"Failing doesn't mean I am crazy," Gracie replied, "He's mine,"

"He's our Cain," Aria stared at her, "Can't you let me relax in his lap for a while?"

"Why was your magic mixing with his shadow? That's my place," Gracie pulled a knife.

"I'm a part of him. Of course, my magic would blend into his shadow, body, and everything!" Aria explained.

Gracie thought about it for a moment. Aria was right. She could feel Morena and Eilistraee's presence from Cain's shadow.

"Sorry," Gracie said, staring at Aria.

"What about me?" Cain growled on the couch, crawling into a ball, "That hurt,"

Melissa patted his head, "Here, here. Don't worry about it too much. You would heal soon," She said with a smile.

Meliliana stared at them, "Would he even feel such a hit?" She asked, "With how strong he is, I doubt that blowing his lower half would even faze him," She added.

"You're technically right," Morena emerged from Cain's back, "But he doesn't use that many defenses against the girls. And it's true that Gracie's kick didn't harm him at all,"

Eilistraee appeared, "But you all seem to be underestimating Gracie." She smiled, "Aren't we talking about a goddess?"

"Did it hurt you?" Morena stared at Cain.

"In fact," Cain growled, "She did. But regeneration healed everything immediately."

Aria stared at them, "She was trying to crush my head. Of course, she would use force,"

Gracie approached Cain, "Are you all right?"

"Yeah. Don't worry about it." Cain replied with a smile.

Meliliana sighed, "She is the cubus queen and goddess. What did you expect?" She looked at Cain and Gracie, "Do you know dangerous it is that multiple gods are even standing on the material plane?"

Cain sat properly and looked at her, "Me, Eilistraee, Lolth, Sofia, Bahamut, and even Gracie." He looked up, "Have you noticed something?"

Eilistraee and Lolth looked at each other and smiled, "She won't know," Eilistraee smiled, "Of course, she won't,"

"What are you talking about? That's a cosmological law that even Glasya had to obey," Meliliana said with a sight.

"But, the fact we're here means something is off," Eilistraee giggled.

"What are you talking about?"

"The only god standing here is Cain, and he can't be touched by the cosmological law," Lolth said with a smile, "You saw the inevitable with Lilia, they have decided Cain was too much of a problem to deal with,"

"That him, not you," Meliliana argued.

"Who said that?" Lolth smiled, "Eilistraee and I are both parts of Cain. I'm not the goddess of spiders, he is the god of spiders and is still letting me use that power,"

"What about Gracie and Sofia?"

"What is your point?" Morena stared at her, "All of his wives are linked to him in one way or another,"

"What?"

"Sofia submitted as a dragon, Alice is his slave, Gracie was Sofia's slave but now belongs to Cain. No matter how you look at it, as long as the inevitables cannot deal with Cain, even someone like Klara can be considered a world power," Morena explained.

"That can't be true," Meliliana gasped.

"What matters is the connection to Cain, not the individual power," Aria said with a smile, "You must experience it first hand,"

"What are you talking about?" Meliliana stared at Aria.

"If you Melissa, your mother didn't find Cain and get close to him, if she didn't put in the effort to gain Gracie's trust, so she can ask Cain to pull out of hell for her, you wouldn't be here," Aria looked at Melissa, "She is smart, saw the better way and followed it,"

Melissa smiled, "I wouldn't say I know it," She looked at Meliliana. "At first, I approached him as he was strong, and I wanted someone to protect the succubus refugees. But with each passing day, I became certain, he is different than other powerful people,"