Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Cain smiled, looking at the ceiling, "I wonder if Master will reach the tarrasque. All hell would get loose if she did,"

***

Lilia floated above the mountain, looking down at the lush forest, "This is the one?" She asked.

"Yes. The cave can be accessed from the western side." GAIA replied with a passive face, "But there is a problem,"

Lilia looked around, "Villagers, and a lot of them," She sighed,

"Yes. They seem to be thriving under the mountain's forest and river," GAIA replied, pointing at several villages across the mountain foot.

"Why haven't you evacuated them yet?" Lilia asked.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"We only found the cave a minute ago. We couldn't have possibly evacuated them," GAIA replied.

"Well, I teleported here after all," Lilia sighed, "Are they informed?"

"No, no actions have been taken yet," GAIA replied, "We await your orders. Evacuating the villages will only happen when you decided to explore the cave."

Lilia smiled, "I see. Let's evacuate them now. I will be going into the cave immediately. We can't the tarrasque rampage and stomp them to death, can we?"

GAIA and Lilia floated down and landed at the village gate, hearing the cows mows in the back. And the children rush around with a stick, pretending to fight.

"Welcome," A slender elvish man with tanned skin approached them, smiling as he rested his hand on the knife strapped to his waist, "I'm the village gate guard, is there any way I could help you with?" He smiled, bowing slightly.

"I will get straight to the problem. A massive monster might emerge from the mountain soon, and you don't want to be around at that time. I want you to evacuate the whole village," Lilia said with a straight face.

"You don't expect me to say yes to such a story, do you?" The guard replied, dumbfounded.

"No," Lilia laughed, "But I'm surprised you even took my words seriously," instead of mocking her, he tried to understand what was going on, and to her, that was a good thing.

"You flew here. I know you must be capable of something at least." The guard sighed, "Enough for me to listen to you like a reasonable person,"

"I see," Lilia smiled, opening her palm, "Where did I put that thing..." She mumbled as multiple lights flashed in her palm, and a pendant emerged.

"The royal insignia?" The man gasped, "How could it be," He glared at Lilia with a dumbfounded face.

"I'm the royal court mage, and I wasn't joking earlier. As much as I like jokes," She smiled, "I want the village empty in an hour," She said.

The guard looked at her and at GAIA standing silently in the back, "I heard the court mage is the infamous laughing tornado. Are you her?"

Lilia smiled, puffing her chest, "That's me, with my blood, bones, and hair," She started laughing on her own.

"I find it hard to believe," The guard sighed, "Can I ask you to prove it?"

Lilia lifted her hands, "I can't blow the village, can I?"

"Of course not," The guard stared at her, "I heard you are a mage unlike any other, and some merchants said you can throw mountains with ease. Are those claims real?"

Lilia nodded, "They are real. That's tame compared to what I can do," She smiled.

"If the monster you talk about came and destroyed our homes, we would be in a difficult spot later. With your all-mighty magic, can you do something about that?" The guard asked, trying his luck.

"I can teleport the whole village to the capital premises if you wish. That would be faster in fact. Can we talk to the chief?" Lilia smiled. Thud! GAIA grabbed her by the head, glaring down, "No, you can't. What if they had a pregnant woman?"

"I already cracked that problem," Lilia cried, "They will be fine, probably,"

"I don't believe we are expecting any kids at the moment,"

The three of them approached the chief house, and the man called from the outside, "Cheif, we have a messenger,"

Two men walked out of the house and signaled for them, "Please come inside. The chief is waiting for you,"

Lilia, GAIA, and the guard walked inside the house and found the village chief waiting for them inside a large room. He sat on his chair. For an elf, he looked as old as a ninety-year-old man.

"Are you the village chief?" Lilia asked with a smile. "Are you sure you're still alive?" She burst laughing

The village chief opened his eyes, glaring closely at her face, "Lilia, is that you?" He gasped, "You never changed," He tried to stand but couldn't.

Lilia stared at him, tilting her head, "Should I know you?"

"Lilia Bodhimicah, I won't ever forget that face." He barely stood, lifting his shaking hands. A ball of light emerged, displaying the image of Lilia in a tattered one-piece cloth with shackles on her hands.

"Grandfather's father left this image to us. He said it belongs to someone named Lilia Bodhimicah. The one who freed him from the slavers," He cried.

Lilia stared at the man, lifting her hand and pointing to the chief. PEW! A small beam of light flashed from her finger, grazing the chief's arm and drawing a droplet of blood.

"Let me see," Lilia said, glaring at the droplet floating on her palm with magic flowing from it. "I see! It was Alex!" She smiled.

"You remember him," The chief smiled.

"He was but a brat. He was even shorter than me at the time," Lilia opened her hands, showing everyone an image of Alex.

The image of a kid, barely looking like a five-year-old, smiling as he stood beside Lilia, chained like her. "He was a good kid. But I would say he was lucky. We escaped the slaver just seven years after he joined us. Where is he now?"

The chief smiled, "Look at me," He giggled, "There is no way he's still around. Not even my father could be."

Lilia stared at him, scratching her head, "Sorry, I sometimes forget how time work," She tried not to laugh.

"Do not fret," The chief smiled, "Your outliving us is a testament to his words. Describing you a goddess's incarnation," He walked back to his chair and sat. His back won't allow him to stand any longer. "My grandfather won't shut up about how he praised you, saying that mere years after your escape, the whole elvish kingdom was burning with tornados ravaging every slaver camp."

Lilia giggled, looking away, "I do remember that. I went on a rampage right after. I got my title laughing tornado since I was laughing my guts off, blasting everyone with tornados,"

GAIA glared at her, "How many have you killed?"

"I didn't count," She looked away, "I was like a kid who got bitten by an ant and then started pissing over every ant nest he found,"

"So, how could we serve you? Savior Lilia." The chief said, smiling, "You sure have a reason to visit us,"

"Ah! About that," Lilia smiled, "There is a large monster beneath the mountain, and I might end up pulling it out." She looked at the chief, "I want to teleport the whole village away so you won't get killed as collateral damage,"

One of the guards in the back stepped forward, "What if we refused?" He asked, and the village chief glared at him with rage.

"You die," Lilia replied, "I have no intention of holding back, and when the beast comes out, I won't bother protecting you," She replied.

The chief glared at the man, "Get out! Another word and I will have you exiled!" he growled hard enough that it hurt his throat. He then looked at Lilia, smiling, "Of course, we oblige. Please teleport us away,"

"Ok, just let me see if anyone in the village is pregnant," Lilia smiled, lifting her hands, "No one is pregnant," The chief replied.

"You, sir. Seems to be wrong," Lilia smiled, "Three women are pregnant!" She smiled, showing their faces.

"AHAAAAAA!" The guard who brought them cried, glaring at one of the women, "You know her?" Lilia stared at him.

"That's my wife!" He cried.

"Congratulation," GAIA said with a passive face, lightly clapping her hands.

"Well then, see you later," Lilia said with a smile, and in a flash, they all disappeared alongside the houses and everything. Only Lilia and GAIA remained standing in an empty field.

"What about the pregnant women?" GAIA asked,

"I tried my best to prevent any deformities by shielding them," Lilia smiled, "It's up to their luck,"

"Considering it was you, they are safe," GAIA said as the two flew to the next village.

"I won't say that," Lilia sighed, "I saw how ridiculous bad luck can be,"

After an hour, Lilia teleported all the villages away, except one who refused.

"You sure?" Lilia asked, looking at the old hag leading the village.

"I don't know who you are. I don't believe your pendant is valid. If you want us to believe your claims, you're dreaming," The old hag growled.

Lilia looked at GAIA, "Well, we look like a brat and a maid." she laughed.

"Then scram," The hag shouted.

Lilia looked at her with a smile, "Based on the peace treaty the kingdom signed with me, as long as I don't go on a mass-slather rampage for a thousand years, I have the right to do whatever I want, whenever I want, with any less than one thousand citizens a month."

"What are you babbling?" The hag stared at her.

"And even if they refused to comply with the ancient contract, I challenge them to bind me with law," Lilia smiled, lifting one finger.

The guards pointed their weapons at her, "Stop that magic,"

"I only listen to one man!" With her smile, the whole village disappeared.

"You killed them?"

"No, I just teleported them to a safe place near the capital." Lilia replied, "I don't need their permission to do anything. I only asked out of manners,"

"You have manners?" GAIA glared at her with a disappointed face.

"Sorry, I don't. Do they matter now?" Lilia sighed.

"That's not what I meant." GAIA sighed.