Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Thud! Chad stepped into the elvish sacred forest, "You there! Stop!" A platoon of elvish soldiers rushed at him, shouting orders.

"Stop!"

"Turn around!"

"Who are you?"

Chad ignored their screams and walked, "The tree is calling me, move away," He said with a smile.

One of the soldiers stared at Chad's face, grabbing his sword tightly and gulping down. He could feel that Chad was on another level. Just glaring at his eyes made him feel numb from head to toe.

"HAAAA!" Gathering his courage, the elvish soldier rushed forward, "For Yggdrasil's chastity," He swung his down, trying to hit Chad's shoulder.

Chad didn't attack back. He opened his arms and stepped forward, hugging the elf and killing his momentum, "What?" As the elf gasped, he realized that Chad had him grappled.

"Let go of me!" The soldier growled, and Chad smiled, "Here you go!" Chad twisted his torso and lifted the soldier with one arm, throwing him at the other soldiers.

"GAH!" The soldiers growled as they got smacked by their friend. Most dodged and swarmed at Chad, "Surround him, don't let him catch you!"

They swung their swords simultaneously, but Chad's body weaved like a snake, dodging their slashes without moving from his place. "You are slow,"

"What is this?" One of the soldiers cried, swinging until his hands bled, yet he could even scratch Chad. "Just leave! Leave the tree alone!" The soldier shouted, stepping back and opening his palm, "I call upon you, spirits of the wood. The gentle spring's breeze bursts forth, calling upon the howling thunder of the night. What I seek is the power to blast forth all those who dare overstep their boundary." Green veins emerged on the soldier's forearms, and the mana around him rumbled as a massive ball of compressed wind emerged.

"Howl! [Roar of Zhphyr]" With the soldier's scream, a massive burst of air rushed at Chad, tearing the ground apart.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

SWOSH! Chad turned toward the spell, opening his palms. CLAP! Clapping his hands, he created a massive shockwave, overpowering the magic and blasting all the soldiers away.

"GAH!" The soldiers couldn't move. The shockwave rattled their bones. With each breath, they coughed blood.

"Stop!" Their commander barely lifted his hand, staring at Chad's back as he left, walking away from them as if they were nothing. "AH!" He fell unconscious.

"You there!" just after a few moments, the arrow hit the ground in front of Chad. More soldiers cut his way. The protection the tree has was impressive, but to Chad, it was nothing.

"I only want to speak with the tree," Chad said, "No, she wants to speak with me. Can't you just let me see her?"

"Stop spitting nonsense," One of the elves growled, "Our mission is to protect the tree without lives. There is no way a human should be allowed here!" BAM! BAM! BAM! He fired multiple arrows at Chad.

Thud! Chad swings his arms, catching the arrows between his fingers. "Bows are bad weapons," Chad said, looking at the elves.

"What?" The elves gasped, unable to believe what they saw.

"No matter how strong you get, the power of your shots is always caped by your bow," Chad pulled his hand back, swinging his arm forward. PEW! He sent the arrows at a mind-boggling speed. CRACK! CRACK! Each arrow shattered the branches of the trees the elves stood on, dropping them to the ground.

"GAH!" The elf commander looked up, seeing Chad staring down at him, "You bastard!" The elf stood and swung a dagger at Chad's neck.

CLANG! Chad stopped the dagger with his chin, smiling at the elf, "You missed. Now it's my turn,"

Chad grabbed the elf's wrist, squeezing it hard enough that he dropped the dagger. SLAP! He slapped him to the other side of the field, "Who's next?" Chad smiled, and the elves rushed at him, "Bring the whole army!" One of them shouted. SLAP! Chad slapped him faster than he could blink, sending his body rolling.

After Chad slapped most of the elves away, an elvish woman approached him, dropping her weapons, "Hold your weapons. Can we speak?" She said.

Chad stared at his palms, "I never carried a weapon," He smiled.

"Please step back," The woman said with a shaking voice. She was awaiting for Chad to slap her like the rest.

"I won't," Chad replied with a smile.

"This is the elvish sacred forest. Approaching the world tree is forbidden by a decree as old as time. Please understand and turn back," She said.

"Those are elvish rules. Why do I have to care about them?" Chad replied, "And I'm not coming here on my own. The tree is calling me,"

"The tree only speaks to the herald, and that is rare. Please understand that it might be someone manipulating you to cause trouble, retreat." The woman said.

"No one is manipulating me," Chad stepped forward, opening his arms, "Please stop! Don't get closer!" The woman cried, stepping back.

"You don't seem to understand," Chad stared at her, "I'm going to the tree, and you can't stop me. Now move!"

"STOP!" The woman shouted, with shaking knees and tears in her eyes, "Please stop!" She cried.

Chad stood beside her, and she didn't dare even turn her head to look at him, "You aren't...going to stop me?" Chad said. And the woman felt like the whole world fell on her.

"Gih!" She gasped. Chad's intense aura stood beside her body. She felt like a candle falling into a volcano. Her heart twisted. Her lungs stopped working, her throat felt dryer than sand, and she emptied her bowls as her consciousness quickly got snuffed into blackness.

THUD! The elvish woman fell on her face, unconscious just from standing too close to Chad. But as soon as Chad started moving, more elves showed up, shouting at him to stop.

"Intruder, stop right there!" The elves shouted, and Chad has gotten tired of their interference.

"Fine," Chad sighed, "I will leave after I speak with the tree," He looked at them with a smile.

The elves pulled their bow, firing a rain of arrows at Chad.

CLACK! Chad stopped the ground, shaking the whole forest, and the elves froze.

The arrows fell on Chad, but they bounced off his skin, "This is your last warning," Chad glared at the elves, "I want you no harm. Just let me meet the tree,"

"No, you aren't!" The elves growled, getting their magic ready.

Chad sighed, "Fine, you like it the hard way," The wind stopped, and Chad's aura expanded.

[Divine Existance]

The elves' magic started flickering, becoming unstable, and then shattering. "We can't maintain magic?" One of the elves growled. Chad's divine aura is growing dense enough to mess with magic by crushing the mana in the air.

The elves started throwing up and bleeding just by being near Chad. His aura expanded over the whole forest, crushing anyone there to the ground.

From the elvish capital, the people saw a massive golden ball of divine magic engulf the sacred forest, illuminating the sky.

Sylph was outside the city inspecting the villages that Lilia sent when she noticed the massive aura in the distance, "Wait! That's Chad!" She cried, calling Lilia immediately.

"Your Highness, we will dispatch everyone immediately," An elvish soldier said, saluting her as his platoon got ready.

"No, you stay here," Sylph growled, "That's Chad, the one who defeated the dragon king," BOOM! She jumped into the sky, flying at top speed toward the sacred forest.

"The one who defeated the dragon king," The soldier gasped, "Do we have no chance of winning?"

"Commander!" A young soldier approached him with a stern face, "We can't just stand here. We should go as well,"

"The queen won't like it. We have to leave the matter to her," The commander replied.

"Sir, but there are other soldiers in the forest. Even if we can't fight, we should try to retrieve them," The young soldier said with a fiery glare.

"You are right. Someone has to offer medical assistance," The commander smiled, glaring back at the soldiers, "Our mission is to search and save lives! Avoid any contact with the queen or the opponent she is fighting, and make sure you won't die!"

"As you order!" The soldiers shouted, rushing toward the sacred forest.

When the soldiers got close, they saw something strange "Sir! A drow!" One of the soldiers shouted, pointing at a dark elf woman wearing high elf armor, laying unconscious at the forest entrance.

"What?" The commander rushed in, looking at the woman's face, "How did they get here?" He growled, but then another soldier approached, "It can't be," He gasped.

"What is it?" The commander glared at him.

The soldier fell to his knees, "Sister?"

"What? She can't be your sister!" The commander growled, but another soldier affirmed, "I can confirm. She is his older sister. Why is her skin ashen black like the drow?"

"Sir!" We found more drow!" The soldiers rushed, "Something isn't right,"

The commander stared around and gasped, "If those are our soldiers," He looked at the woman, "The tree rejected them,"