Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Thud! Chad stepped in front of the tree, gently touching its trunk.

CRACK! Sylph landed a fair distance behind him, "Chad!" She shouted.

~It's been a long time, old brother.~ A voice rang in their heads.

"What?" Sylph gasped, "The world tree?" She looked up at the three branches, "Yggdrasil, is that you?"

"Yggdrasil," Chad smiled, "I'm not exactly Adam, you know?"

~You are him, indeed. Not be the same flesh, but you are him in the soul. Mankinds are called as such because of you, the Man who started it all. They are all your kind, Adam's descendants.~

Chad smiled, "Why did you call me here?"

~There are multiple things I wanted to confirm with you. And her as well.~ The voice shifted toward Sylph. ~Sylph, bring me the children whom I rejected today. They must learn of my brother.~

"Brother?"

~I'm the mother of Corellon, and he is my older brother. Corellon's uncle, the first human Adam,~

"I will bring them right away," Sylph said, jumping away immediately.

Chad looked at the tree, smiling, "Why did you reject them? You should have informed them before."

~Their souls are too weak for divine messages. I tried informing them in dreams for a weak now, but they ignored my words~

"Why did you call me?" Chad asked, looking at the tree and sensing that divine energy moved violently inside her.

~I seek to grant you what you have long forgotten. My child will help you remember~

"I have brought them," Sylph said as she landed in the back with a massive branch carrying all the elves cursed to be a drow.

The world tree branches danced with the wind. ~He shall speak in my stead,~

"He?" Sylph gasped but suddenly felt like a stone fell on her head. Even Chad could feel it. A monster was emerging.

The unconscious elves were forced awake as they could barely breathe, "What is this!" one of them cried.

The tree's branches started moving, its bark cracked, and its trunk shed a faint green light as a massive lemon emerged high up. The amount of divine energy concentrated there was sickening. Even Sylph could barely stare at it.

The lemon shriveled, dripping a single drop of a brown liquid that fell a few feet behind Chad.

The liquid boiled, eating the grass as it turned blood red, and the fetus grew from it. "PIKYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!" The being screamed, his screech so loud the elves fell on their knees. POP! And then it explodes, leaving no traces of its existence.

"What was that?" Sylph gasped, surprised at the disappearance of all divine magic. But then she froze in place, realizing what happened, and she didn't dare look up.

Chad lifted his head, and he saw him. A slender man with blond hair, glowing green eyes, and long ears. He sat on the tree branches and looked down.

"You there," Chad called him, and the elvish man looked down with a smile, "Greeting, Uncle Adam. Or should I call you Uncle Chad,"

"Corellon Larethian," Sylph gasped. She could feel it in her bones without looking up. The progenitor of the elves was up there.

Corellon jumped from the tree, landing before Chad with a smile, "Mother said I should teach fencing and bow arts," He looked at Chad, "I doubt I will be of help, though,"

"What about them?" Chad pointed back at the elves.

"Them?" Corellon smiled, "Mother said I could do what I like. I don't like how didn't listen to her,"

"You can't leave them like that, can you?" Chad asked.

"You seem to want me to revert them back to high elves," Corellon smiled, "That isn't a problem," With a flick of his fingers, the elves got back to their original form, and even their wounds were healed.

"Chad!" Sylph screamed, "Gods shouldn't be able to walk the mortal world! Be careful!" She wrapped the elves in her branches and jumped away.

"You're right," Sylph heard a voice behind her, when she turned, Corellon sat on her branch with a smile.

"When did you get there!" She cried, and Corellon swung his palm, cutting her branches apart and dropping her and the elves to the ground.

"I'm going to respectfully share what I know with Uncle Chad. It's better for the elves to watch, so they won't dare disrespect him again," Corellon said as he landed on the ground.

"You aren't the real Corellon, are you?" Sylph stood, opening her palm and gathering her magic, "I'm the real one," Corellon smiled, "And I'm impressed you can still stand in front of me like this."

"I find it easier to believe someone tampered with the tree," Sylph flung a tree branch at Corellon. The magic disappeared as soon as it close to him.

"I do want to fight you, but sadly, I can't lay my hands on you." Corellon looked back at Chad, "Both Uncle Chad and his son Cain aren't the people I want to enrage," He jumped back to face Chad.

"Sorry for keeping you waiting," Corellon bowed gently to Chad, "Let's start it, the tournament of the gods,"

With Corellon's smile, a portal appeared in the tree base.

"What is this?" Chad asked.

"It's a gate to my domain," Corellon explained, but suddenly one of the elves stood, rushing at the gate at a godly speed.

"The bastard!" Corellon growled, "He was here after all!" Pulling his sword and swinging at the elf but missing. CRACK! Chad stomped to the ground, swinging his palm at the man's face.

CRUNCH!

"Was that the dragon king?" Chad growled.

"All dragons can camouflage. To think the dragon king could deceive gods!" Corellon growled, rushing toward the gate.

Both Corellon and Chad jumped into the gate after the dragon king, "Wait!" Sylph shouted, rushing after them as the elves stared in shock.

FLAP! FLAP! FLAP! Aster flew in from the castle as fast as she could, barely transforming and going through the gate. Evelyn and Ariel suddenly disappeared when they were talking. She won't be left behind.

Thud! Corellon and Chad landed inside the divine realm, "Where is that bastard?" Corellon growled, "I was supposed to just have to fight Uncle Chad,"

"Core...llon..." A voice cried in the distance. BAM! Corellon rushed to find his angels torn to shred. CLAP! He immediately clapped his hands, healing them, "Where did the bastard go?"

"One of the angels pointed to the back, gate number 65," She mumbled.

"That Moradin's direction. I hope he can contain him," Corellon said, and Chad stared at him, "Let's hurry,"

BAM! Something exploded behind them, and when they turned, Sylph and Aster crashed after jumping from the gate.

"This might be unexpected," A deep voice boomed in the sky.

"Moradin," Corellon smiled.

"But none shall stop it," Moradin growled.

Corellon and Chad rushed to Moradin's domain. They saw the dragon king fly toward Moradin, swinging a fist.

THUD! Moradin caught the dragon's king's fist with a smile. "Our uninvited guest, it's too late to kick you out, so why don't you join the fight?"

"I'm not here to fight," The dragon king growled, "I'm here to kill all of you delusional bastards. This dream shall end today."

"You call it a dream, and we call it our reality," SMACK! Moradin, the dwarf god smacked the dragon king with his hammer, sending him to the ground with a massive blast.

"Today, we shall decide on the new order on which the world would rely," Moradin opened his arms, "Who shall remain gods? Who shall fall from grace?"

Chad looked up, "The hell is going on?"

"I was supposed to teach how to fight with swords and bows for this event." Corellon explained, "Adam, sadly died before the god's age. Now that you're back, we need to find a place for you in the heavens." He then looked away.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"Your son as well, that kid got so much power it's honestly scary,"

Chad smiled, "That's my son. But I don't want to be a god, I'm a mere human,"

"For the longest time, humans lacked a dedicated god who will speak for them. Every other race has one." Corellon said with a smile, "Chad, god of mankind,"

"How about Chauntea?" Chad sighed.

"I'm the goddess of agriculture, farming, and tamed nature. I don't belong to just the humans," Chauntea landed beside them with a smile.

The dragon king stood, scratching his head from the heavy hit he got, "I will murder every last one of you," His aura started increasing.

"We should stop him," Chad clenched his fist, "Leave him be, Amaterasu will teach him his place,"

As the dragon king growled, he heard a woman's voice behind him.

"Can you shut up for a moment? You aren't killing anyone." The dragon king turned when he heard her, and he saw a woman in a white kimono with blood-red eyes glaring at him.

SWOSH! The king swung a fist at her, but she weaved beneath his punch and grabbed his beard, "If you want to kill any god and take his portfolio, do it in the rankings," SMACK! She threw the dragon king away.

As the dragon king rolled away, Amaterasu smiled, "This might be a bit too soon, but I will call the other seedling gods," She opened her palms.