Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Talos glared at Zeus with a smile, his eye glowing faintly blue. "To think this will come so soon,"

"Empty words," Zeus glared at Talos with a growl, "You do not know what awaits you. I don't see her around," CRACKLE! Lightning flashed in Zeus's palm, illuminating the arena.

Talos stopped smiling, "Who cares about her? I killed her father, and she's next. War and destruction should stay in the same hand,"

"I killed countless Titans like you," Zeus lifted his arm, and the lightning in his palm expanded. "It's my responsibility as your ancestor to stop people like you in their tracks," He flung the lightning bolt at Talos.

A great flash of light engulfed the arena. Even Chad had to cover his face.

CLACK! Talos spun his spear, deflecting the lightning bolt and jumping to the sky, "Your lightning is getting as old as you. How about you surrender it to me?" Clenching his fist, "Air type: Hyper storm!" SWOSH! Talos punched the air, sending a blast of compressed wind at Zeus, but the moment It moved away from him, it exploded into a small storm.

BAM! Zeus jumped to the sky, grabbing the clouds with his fist and squeezing a lightning bolt from them.

"Is throwing those all you can do? No wonder you're getting senile!" Talos laughed, pointing his spear at the old Titan.

"Silence, Kid!" Zeus growled, "I have no respect nor care for the views and ideology of a rogue god who orphaned a little girl," He threw the lightning at Talos.

CLANG! Talos deflected the lightning, smiling. "Is this all you have?"

FLASH! The lightning bolt morphed, and Zeus emerged, grabbing Talos by the neck.

"What did you say?" CRACKLE! Lightning fell from the sky and rose from the ground, all rushing to grill Talos alive.

"Is that so?" Talos smiled, lifting his spear and shouting, "HA!" A shockwave exploded from his mouth, blasting Zeus away to the ground.

"Do you know?"Talos flew to the sky, "The wind is heavier than mountains," The storms started moving.

***

In the mortal world, the sky turned black with clouds, and the wind blew violently, giving Cain's ship a hard time sailing. "What is this luck? The fuck this storm comes from, woman!" Jack growled.

BANG! Charlotte shot a bullet at Jack, barely missing him, "Shut up! You saw it come from nowhere like me!"

"You're an expert sailer! You should know more about the storms than me and predict them!" Jack replied.

"This isn't something I can predict! The sky was blue a second ago!" Charlotte shouted again so Jack could hear her from the crow nest.

Unknown to them. This storm was happening across the whole world. Talos is furious, and the sky reflects his rage.

Lightning flashed in the sky, rumbling between the clouds and striking the waves, "What now?" Jack cried.

"This is looking bad!" Charlotte said, holding for dear life in the crow nest.

***

Zeus stared at the storm brewing in the sky, "Then I shall put an end to this!" His body flashed with lightning. His body disappeared and rushed toward Talso.

The two clashed.

Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

CLICK! Amaterasu flicked her finger, and the whole arena disappeared into another dimension, giving the two gods enough space to let loose.

Talos started lifting chunks of the ground to the sky and throwing them at Zeus, who screamed his lungs out, charging the whole dimension with lightning.

CLANG! CLANG! Talos flew down, swinging his wind-engulfed spear at Zeus, lifting the weight of a whole mountain from the ground, "You old fart, hurry and die!"

SWOSH! Zeus deflected the spear with a lightning lance he conjured, flipping back and causing lightning to fall from the sky on Talos, "Said the wind god, you're the old fart," At that moment, he rushed forward and kicked Talos in the face.

Talos rolled on the ground and then flew to the sky. How could this geezer still move like that? BAM! Zeus jumped after Talos, smiling as he flexed his shoulder back, "Why are you running?" CLAP! He smacked Talos in the face with his elbow.

Talos ground his teeth, swinging his spear back at Zeus, "Don't make me laugh. Who is running from someone so close to his grave?" CLANG! Swinging his spear, Zeus deflected the attack with his palm and thrust a lightning lance at Talos.

Talos deflected the lance and thrust at Zeus's neck, which the old god grabbed, lightning crackling from his muscular body, "Slow, naive, yet strong and unhinged, the power of the young," Zeus said. BAM! Headbutting Talos in the face and stomping his head to the ground.

"It infuriates me beyond belief," Zeus said, "When young ones like you separate families," He lifted his fist to the sky, "How dare you kill the parents of a mere child?" Remembering the old days when he had to kill his son, Chronos, who started a rebellion against the gods, just like the dragon king today.

"Hehe," Talos laughed, standing up, "A god falls in love with a human woman. And even births a half-baked being?" He lifted his spear, "Don't mess with me! Asura was a disgrace to the gods. He and his wife deserved death," Talos swung his spear at Zeus, but the old god caught it.

"I don't disagree that it's disgraceful," Zeus said, "But that isn't a reason to orphan a child. Asura had his things, and you had no right butting in," SMACK! Zeus punched Talos in the face and sent him blasting through mountains of pure lightning.

"GRWAAAAAAAAA!" Talos shouted, conjuring a storm to lift Zeus to the sky, "Your ideology is what got us weak! Do you think we would be standing on this holy ground with mortals if the likes of you and Asura were dead? No!" Talos growled, "Just as the mortals see it unnatural to have offspring with animals, we gods shouldn't dabble in mortals. What was forbidden by the old laws shouldn't be broken. You know that more than me!" Talos grabbed Zeus by the beard, swinging him around like a rag doll, and smacked him on the ground. BANG!

***

Moradin, the dwarf god, looked into the sky, "You didn't bring Kali, did you?"

"She is still a child, Zeus is like a grandfather to her, and she would be upset to see Talos." Amaterasu replied, "She still can't control her powers. Having her fight would be a death sentence for her,"

"I see," Moradin combed his beard, "I guess the other gods are busy?"

"Yeah, I will bring them to fight when they have time. Selune is dealing with some worshipers now," Amaterasu explained.

"I don't feel right letting Kali out of the fight," Moradin sighed, "She could end up bullied by the other gods for ranking last,"

"She's a strong lass." Amaterasu smiled, "And do you think I would let anyone touch her?" She glared down at Moradin.

"Pride of the gods, lady," Moradin glared back at her, "You can't expect her to be happy with you protecting her,"

"Huh!" Amaterasu sighed, sitting on air and putting one leg on the other, "I don't think it's that bad. I'm the one protecting her, after all."

Moradin laughed, "It's true that you're beyond all other gods. But that won't clear the shame of being treated like a kid,"

She glared at him with a smug smile on her face, "I thought you would have a different opinion?"

Moradin looked away, "Sorry. I didn't mean to belittle your favor," He scratched his beard.

Amaterasu smiled, remembering the day Moradin was born to the old dwarf gods. His parents died soon after in a fight, and Amaterasu ended up the one raising him. She was literally the one changing his diapers for years. She was his foster mother.

Amaterasu flew down, patting Moradin's head, "Don't worry, one day she will grow up like you and be a respectable goddess. The kid can't grow instantly,"

"It's just sad that she would miss this chance," Moradin sighed, looking down, "With her potential and strength, she could use this even to get a head start on the other gods,"

"Power doesn't mean anything if you can't control it. Kali still needs time," Amaterasu said with a smile, looking up to watch the gods fight.

CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! Zeus punched Talos, and the latter kicked him in the face. Lightning fell from the sky, but Talos's spear spun, scattering it like rain.

The tremors of the gods fighting spread across the whole plane they were locked inside, turning into a primal chaos of storms and lightning.

***

Moradin sighed, "Damn it, the fight is over," He looked away.

I also stabbed Zeus in the chest. The old god was the one to give up first. His frail bones won't handle stress.

BAM! Zeus fell on the ground, bleeding. FLICK! Amaterasu returned them to the arena, and Talos landed a few meters away from the fallen Zeus, approaching slowly to finish him off. "Let's put an end to this,"

"Grandpa," As the voice rang, specs of dust started falling from the sky, glittering with light.

Everyone froze. A pink-haired, four-armed little girl crouched beside Zeus's head, patting his forehead. Kali didn't even bother looking at Talos.

"So you came? Sadly I can't kill you. Because of her, but he will die," Talos lifted his spear.

CLANG! At that moment, Talos's hand got severed, and his spear flung away.

"You!" A voice growled beside him. A demon not like any other stood beside him, "In front of whom you're lifting that arm of yours?"

Talos could feel his bones tingle as the six-eyed demon stared at him. Kayden stood there.