Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Kayden glared and stood beside Talos, not even looking at him. CRACK! Kayden's demonic aura fell from the sky like a waterfall, almost forcing Talos to kneel.

"Hehe!" Talos laughed, "Is that the best you can do? Relying on a mortal to fight in your stead," His arm flew back, reattaching as if nothing happened. CRACKLE! Lightning started flashing from his spear. Talos has got Zeus's lightning portfolio.

Amaterasu looked down, 'She called him here on her own. No, that isn't right. That demon is something else.'

"Stop!" A voice came from the sky, crackling like thunder. Kayden looked up, "You smell like Cain,"

The woman in the sky smiled, glaring down. "I'm a part of him, after all," Aria smiled and stared at Talos, "I don't care about Zeus, but if Kali and Kayden want him alive, I can't let you kill him."

"Do you think the likes of you can order the gods around?" Talos growled, pointing his spear at her.

PEW! A flash of light came from the sky, melting Talos's spear. "Know your place," Amaterasu growled, "I said nothing about killing each other or starting fights with Aria,"

Talos looked up, "You can see she's but an Archon, can't you?" He smiled, "There is no way she can go against the gods,"

Amaterasu smiled, "I won't be so sure about that," She looked at Aria, "What would you say?"

Aria smiled, teleporting to Amaterasu and hugging her, "I will wait here until Cain comes," Smiling without a care in the world.

"Get away from me," Amaterasu tried to push Aria away, but she was stuck.

Talos sighed, turning back toward Zeus and pointing his spear at him, "Move away. This old man needs to die,"

Kali didn't even bother looking at him, only focusing on keeping Zeus Alive with her divine magic, but she couldn't be more clumsy in healing.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"TALOS!" Kayden growled, sending shivers down Talos's spine, "Didn't you hear what I said? Get away from them,"

Amaterasu looked down, "Fine, here you go," Flicking her finger, everyone disappeared. Talos and Kayden were left alone in the wasteland.

"The second fight!" Amaterasu flew to the sky, "We have the winner of the last fight, Talos, who just walked victorious with the lightning portfolio from Zeus."

Talos pointed his spear at the sky, and lightning fell, cracking with a flash. "I killed Asura. what makes you think a demon like you can beat me?" He said, glaring at Kayden with a smile.

"His challenger! Fighting in the stead of Kali. The demon goddess. The demon lord, the absolute demon swordsman, Kayden Daimon!" Amaterasu shouted, staring down at them with a smile.

Kayden had three swords on his waist, his regular demon sword, the sun blade gifted to him but Amaterasu, and the moon blade from Selune. He pulled the demon sword and grabbed it with two hands.

"Now, the fight!" Amaterasu lifted her hand, but Aria screamed, "Kill him, Kayden!"

The moment the fight started, Kayden's torso exploded, leaving his legs standing. "This is the end, Mortal," Talos said, pointing his spear at Kayden. "No matter how much you struggle, you cannot beat the gods,"

CLACK! Kayden's upper body regenerated. Thud! He rushed forward in the blink of an eye, swinging his sword at Talos.

"Impressive. You still want to fight?" Clang! Clang! Talos smiled, countering Kayden's strike and stabbing at him, But Kayden deflected the attack.

[Eight demon dances: Muso Jikiden Eishin-ryu] Clang! After Kayden deflected Talos's strike, he sheathed his blade momentarily before drawing it again, blitzing across Talos's body and leaving a wound on his neck.

"That was fast," Talos smiled as his neck regenerated, "But full of unneeded movements,"

Kayden glared back at Talos for a moment, [Bane] A wave of energy rushed from his eyes, washing over Talos.

"You can't curse a god, you know?" Talos brushed it off and thrust his spear at Kayden, blasting him away in a splash of blood. CLACK! Kayden regenerated immediately.

Thud! Kayden regained his stance, keeping a straight line of sight toward Talos. [Skill empoerment] [Triple strike] [Demon Will sword] [Eight demon dances: Muso Jikiden Eishin-ryu]

Kayden's body disappeared, and fifteen sword strikes rushed at Talos from every direction. "Hoho! You can get faster?" Talos smiled, deflecting seven of the strikes and dodging the rest. Thud! He jumped into the sky and conjured a lightning spear in his left hand, "Let me try my new powers," He smiled, shooting lightning bolts down at Kayden.

BAM! BAM! BAM! Kayden jumped from one spot to the other, dodging the lightning bolts before they could hit. CRACK! Using all his might, he jumped into the sky [Blade Flow] [Demon Blade]

Clang! Upon impact, Kayden's body got charred with lightning, falling to the ground like a chunk of charcoal.

Thud! Talos landed, "See? Mortals can never reach the gods!" Talos smiled, remembering the days he walked the mortal world, scorning the gods he could never touch.

CLACK! Kayden's body regenerated, and he stood as if nothing happens.

"What?" Talos stared at him, confused. "I charred your whole soul, didn't I?"

Kayden's eyes started darting around, "I see. You can't control that lightning," He said, "Cain can use it better than you,"

"What are you babbling about?" Talos gasped.

Kayden sheathed his demon blade and pulled the other two swords, standing still with his arms relaxed.

[Eight demon dances: Hyoho Niten Ichi-ryu] Kayden teleported to Talos, swinging the [Demon Moon blade] in his left hand.

Clang! Talso deflected the strike, but Kayden immediately beheaded him with the [Demonic Sun Blade], leaving a trail of flames behind him.

CLACK! Talos regenerated his whole head instead of attaching it. Kayden's strikes won't kill since they aren't divine. "What was that?" He gasped.

[Skill empoerment] [Triple strike] [Demon Will sword] [Eight demon dances: Ono-ha Itto-ryu] Clang! Kayden smacked the spear out of Talos's hand and Sliced his arm, back, and head in half. Now that he was using two swords, the combo was doing thirty strikes simultaneously.

BAM! Talos jumped away, growling, "Those blades, Amaterasu and Selune?" He glared at the sky, "What is the meaning of this?"

"You can tell they aren't divine weapons. They are meant for mortals to use against mortals," Amaterasu replied, "It's Kayden's own power and skill pushing them like this,"

"Even so!" Talos screamed, "This is supposed to be a fair fight. Why interfere? Take those weapons away!"

"Sorry, I'm not going to entertain your feelings. You know what's right, so deal with it," Amaterasu replied, leaving the conversation. She knew that Talos knew the weapons alone shouldn't change much, yet he still wanted to rob Kayden of what he already got.

"That bitch," Talos growled, glaring at Kayden.

TING! But suddenly, the scenery in front of him changed. He started to feel the blazing heat behind his back, "What did you call me?" Amaterasu said with a smile, glaring at Talos.

All the other gods watched in silence, and even Kayden stood in his place, "Why did she interfere?"

"Sorry, I did mean it. I swear it will never happen again," Talos apologized, glaring at Amaterasu with shaking eyes.

"The fight is a death match now," Amaterasu said, "I won't care if you died, so scram," She intended to prevent the gods from killing each other in the fights, but at least for Talos, she won't help with that.

Talos smiled, jumping back into the fight with Kayden, "Heard her? This means I can kill you if I want," He smiled.

Kayden stared at Talos, taking a deep breath. BOOM! With an explosion, Kayden transformed into his demonic form, a three-headed, six-armed demon of pure destruction. Kali's aura started bursting from his body as if it had no end.

"What is this?" Talos gasped, jumping to the sky, [Raging thunderstorm] He engulfed the whole plane in storms, trying to lift Kayden up.

Kayden didn't move. He sheathed the blades offered to him by Amaterasu and Selune, carrying his demon blade with all six hands in a wrath stance.

Kali couldn't control her godly powers, and neither Kayden. The only thing he can do is release it in a more chaotic approach.

***

Moradin gasped, taking a step back, "This Aura, Asura?" He glared back at Kali.

"It can't be? But he's a mortal," Corellon glared at Amaterasu, "What is the meaning of this?"

Amaterasu shook her head, "Nothing," She smiled, "It's true that I and Selune are raising Kali, but she sees Kayden as her father,"

Ding! A woman landed beside Amaterasu with long white hair, she was Selune, "Can't you see he's looking more and more like her father, Asura?"

The gods stared at Kayden as his aura raged, "You made a child cry, stabbing her grandfather in front of her!" Kayden swung his blade down.

[Asura's Wrath] The divine power Asura left with Kali moved to Kayden, sending a titanic slash of destruction. CRACK!

The sky was cut in half as the dense clouds disappeared, "GAH!" Talos cried as his body got severed from head to crotch.

The gods gasped, and Talos tried to regenerate but Kayden appeared beside him, swinging six swords.

[Triple strike] [Demon Will sword] [Asura's Wrath]

Each sword released fifteen strikes of [Asura's Wrath] For a total of ninety slashes that disintegrated Talos's body in a massive explosion of demonic destruction.