Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"He killed him! He did it!" Moradin shouted with a gaping mouth, unable to believe what his eyes saw. Talos's divine existence got erased by the sheer destructive demonic magic flowing from Kayden like a candle in a river.

ZON! Kayden appeared from nowhere, standing before Kali and Zeus, lighting and wind blowing around his body, "Are you still alive?" He said.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"I won't have much time," Zeus gasped, "I'm old and will soon fall apart without my portfolio. Keep it. With your power, I'm sure you can protect Kali,"

Kayden looked at his palm. He gained three portfolios, the war, storms, and lightning portfolios. "I don't need it," STAB! Kayden stabbed Zeus with one of his swords.

"GAH!" Zeus gasped. CRACKLE! Lightning flashed from Kayden's body, through his blade, and toward Zeus's body.

Kayden pulled his sword out, shaking the blood from it, "Stand. You should be able to live now,"

Zeus barely stood, lightning crackling in his body, sending waves of thunder, "I told you I didn't need a portfolio I already lost."

Kayden stared at Zeus with his eyes darting around.

"One day," Zeus gasped, "I would force it back to you, even if it was the last thing I do,"

"I see," Kayden said, "It seems flipped, but do your best," ZON! He disappeared.

Zeus looked beside him, "You have an impressive demon..." He was about to speak with Kali. But she had disappeared.

"Wait!" Zeus gasped, "OI! Amaterasu, where is Kali?"

"She went with her father," Amaterasu smiled, "She should be fine with him."

ZON! Kayden emerged in the mortal world, inside his room, "Kayden! Where did you go?" Lily gasped but then froze. She saw a little girl sitting on his neck, grabbing his hair like a cat. "Who is she?"

Kayden lifted his head, "What are you doing here?" He asked.

"I want to stay with you for a while. Is that a problem?" Kali asked with a smile.

"No, do what you like," Kayden replied.

"Who is she?" Lily repeated her question.

"Me?" Kali looked at her, smiling, "I'm Kali, the demon goddess!"

"Heh?" Lily gasped.

****

Amaterasu sighed, looking at her hands, "How long will Cain stay busy?"

Thud! Aria flew toward Amaterasu, wrapping her arm around her neck, "His business always takes time," She said with a grin, "But don't worry, he can see and hear what I do,"

"Then Cain! Stop and come here! At least let Gracie or Sofia come!" Amaterasu said, glaring at Aria's eyes.

"He said he's willing to let one of them come if you are willing to take her place." Aria smiled.

Amaterasu shook her head, "Stop joking and come here!"

"Cain says he will come when it's his time to fight. Have the rest fight first." Aria smiled, hugging Amaterasu, "Is it my turn?"

"Stop being so clingy. Don't you know who I am?" Amaterasu cried, trying to push Aria away.

Aria didn't budge, keeping Amaterasu in a hug. "You're tolerating me since you know what I am,"

Amaterasu sighed, "Fine, you're facing Loviatar, the goddess of pain," Amaterasu flicked her finger, sending waves across the air and a frail-looking woman emerged, "It hurt, why did you have to call me?"

"I already told you, ranking of the gods." Amaterasu glared down at her, "You wanted to fight the collective consciousness, didn't you?"

Loviatar looked at Aria, "You're the one born from the suffering of millions of demons in the abyss?" She smiled, drooling, "I wonder what kind of power I can get if I made all those brains feel the pain of losing their bodies?"

Aria looked at Loviatar with a smile and then turned toward Amaterasu, "Don't you have someone stronger?"

"You there!" Loviatar growled, "Stop disrespecting our sun!"

"Loviatar is strong, at least for the first rounds. I want the gods to face the people they want," Amaterasu replied.

"But you're not letting me face what I want!" Aria cried.

"Move away from me!" Amaterasu grabbed Aria by her clothes and threw her toward Loviatar, "I don't care!"

Moradin looked at Amaterasu, "Is she strong enough for you to let her all over you like that?"

"I won't say she's strong to that point." Amaterasu sighed, "But the nature of her power is something we can't ignore,"

"The world system, she has access to all living being as if they worship her," Moradin said, looking at Aria crying as she fell toward Loviatar. "She can attain an unmatched divinity, but she doesn't bother. Is it because she's a part of Cain? How strong is he now?"

"I don't know," Amaterasu shook her head, "But I will push him to the limit and see what he's worth." She looked away, "If he's really capable of bringing AO back." She smiled, "What I'm saying? I'm sure he's listening from his throne,"

"KYA!" Aria cried, seeing the ground get closer. [Fly] She used magic to fly, stopping right before crashing, "That was close!" she gasped.

Amaterasu cleared her throat, floating above the fight, "The ancient goddess who remained alive since living beings were a thing. Pain, the common thing everyone knows, and fear, Loviatar, the lady of pain and agony!"

Loviatar pulled her dagger, "Pain is a natural thing. You can't run from it," she looked at Aria with a smile.

"Facing her! Aria Lisworth, the collective consciousness and creation of Cain Lisworth and the infamous laughing tornado!" Amaterasu shouted with a smile.

"HOI!" Aria waved her arm to Amaterasu, "You forgot to mention I'm a part of Cain. And that I like maids!"

"There is no need to mention that!" Amaterasu gasped, getting exhausted from dealing with Aria.

"The fight already started," Loviatar pointed her dagger at Aria, "Feel the agony!"

SWOSH! Aria's body flinched. She felt that all of her bones turned to dust, her skin torn apart with a million needles. "Can you move? No, you can't while your brain is overwhelmed with agony," Loviatar smiled, glaring at Aria.

Aria smiled, "AH!" She moaned, "This tingling is good. I might get addicted," she gasped, and Loviatar froze. What is this woman speaking off?

"How about this! And this!" Loviatar cried, swinging her dagger twice, quadrupling Aria's already unbearable pain.

Aria fell to the ground, wiggling with a smile on her face, "This is it. I'm taking you with me," She mumbled.

"Why isn't it working?" Loviatar couldn't believe her eyes. Why is this woman enjoying it?

"One of the demons I absorbed was a masochist who gets off the pain. I only switched to her," Aria stood, panting like she was in heat.

"There is a limit!" Loviatar rushed at Aria, swinging her dagger over and over. But she could never hit the wiggling Aria.

"Give me more!" Aria cried, hugging Loviatar and getting herself stabbed.

"Move away from me!" Loviatar screamed in terror. She jumped back, leaving her dagger jammed into Aria's chest. "What are you? Monster!"

"AHH!" Aria touched the dagger in her chest, "I can't get enough of this," The dagger got absorbed into her body. She glared at Loviatar with glowing blue eyes, "It's time. For the meal..."

When Loviatar blinked, Aria had disappeared.

"Where did she go?" Loviatar gasped, looking behind her.

Aria sat on the ground as if having a picnic. She carried a small bowl of soup in her hand, stirring it with a spoon.

"The fuck are you doing?" Loviatar gasped, creating another dagger. But the moment she blinked, she found herself naked inside the bowl of soup.

All the gods froze, realizing what kind of problem Aria was. "Amaterasu, don't tell me she is her!" Moradin growled, "Don't even suggest it, Moradin!" Corellon growled.

"That can't be!" The dragon king gasped, "Why does he have it?" He stared at Aria, lifting the bowl to drink the soup with Loviatar in it.

"LET ME GO!" Loviatar cried, jumping out of the bowl and running away. The moment she landed on the ground, she found herself falling into Aria's mouth.

"Impossible! Let me go!" She screamed in terror, trying to fly, but her divine powers didn't work.

Thud! Loviatar fell on a sold black ground, unable to see anything. "Where am I?"

ZON! Aria appeared beside Loviatar, licking her cheek, "Inside me!"

Loviatar Jumped away, "I told you to leave me alone!" she pulled her knife and swung it at Aria.

Thud! Aria deflected the knife and punched Loviatar in the guts, but instead of feeling the pain, Loviatar burst out laughing. 'What is happening to me?' she couldn't understand. Her mind slowly melted.

"Don't kill her!" Amaterasu shouted, and Aria looked up, "Aren't you breaking my fun?"

"Leave her alive,"

Aria sighed, "You're a lucky one," she looked down at the shaking Loviatar.

Loviatar looked up. For a moment it was Aria, and the next it was Amaterasu stepping on her face.

"Amaterasu?" Loviatar gasped, but she realized the one stepping on her face is herself.

Standing alone in the empty arena, Aria spat Loviatar out, "Tuf!"

"The mad soul, how did it attain so much power." The dragon king gasped.

ZON! Aria appeared beside Amaterasu, holding the unconscious Loviatar in her hand. "I left her alive, but I took her pain portfolio. Here she goes!" She handed her to Amaterasu.

"You're stronger than I expected," Amaterasu glared at Aria.

"Cain is stronger than me, and he has all of my power in him," Aria smiled, "If this is all you got, you will never beat him,"