Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Cain stared at Poseidon, his eyes holding a faint blue flair. "But she hasn't caused any trouble since meeting with me, did she?"

"It's only a matter of time. I can smell the smoke under the hay." Poseidon glared at Cain. The veins in his arm expanded as he exerted force to pull the trident from Cain's grip. It didn't move an inch.

"You said she lost her domain in the abyss, but she's slowly regaining that in the abyss war," Cain said, standing with Poseidon's Trident still in his palm.

"That's your power, not hers." Poseidon said with a passive face, "Your competence and her competence are different things."

Cain smiled, "I would say she's been acting independently for most time." He scratched his chin, "But aren't you doing the same as me? If she succeeds in mount celestia. That's thanks to your competence."

"Are you trying to argue with me? You're right. A woman like her needs someone to guide and keep a leash on her." Poseidon glared at the fallen Umberlee. "That's her fault for being a venomous sea serpent who lives on other people suffering,"

"Isn't that a bit cold coming from a father?" Cain looked at Poseidon with a smile, "I expected you to side with your daughter's actions more,"

"I'm siding with her," Poseidon growled, "My duty as a father is to be sure all of my children live an honest life. I can't have one of them be so bad as to be titled a bitch queen,"

Cain scratched his head, "This isn't going anywhere," He sighed, looking at Poseidon's face, "She's staying with me. What do you say?"

"Why does she need to stay with a corpse?" Poseidon said with a passive face.

"So we fight then? Don't blame me if I embarrassed you here." Cain smiled, a blue flare igniting in his eyes.

"Cain! Don't fight. It isn't your turn," Amaterasu shouted. CLAP! Aria smacked Amaterasu's butt, "Calm down. There is no stopping him now." She smiled with her body disintegrating into silvery dust as Cain absorbed her.

Umberlee's body disappeared as bursts of compressed water started rushing out of Poseidon's spear. "Where did you send her?"

"To get healing," Cain smiled, "Only you and I are here. Let's settle this down."

Poseidon glared at Cain, "Unmature kid, give my daughter back,"

"No," Cain replied. CRACK! Poseidon punched Cain in the face, cracking his jaws and neck, and sent him flying at a blinding speed. The water surface tore Cain's legs apart when he rubbed against it. CLAP! The shock wave of Poseidon's punch came crashing down, exploding the sea surface as high as the clouds.

"Don't tell you thought I was using a single shred of my powers against my daughter?" Poseidon smiled, "I was holding back like a dragon picking a snowflake with his jaw,"

SWOSH! Cain's body quickly halted, magic surging from his wounds, "For real!" Cain said, his voice cracking, "That was several magnitudes of what Umberlee could dream outputting," CLOCK! Cain's body healed.

"Water is everywhere. And each droplet is praying to me, even those inside your body," Poseidon said with a smile, lifting his spear to the sky, "We are the four elemental gods. Do you think you can match us?" He growled.

Cain opened his palm with a smile, "Inanna!" His sword emerged in his hand, bursting with flames. "You are an elemental lord?" He glared at Poseidon, "I would love to hear it from your wife's mouth, Istishia."nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

CRACK! Veins emerged on Poseidon's head, "You don't know your limit, kid,"

"If I know them. People like you would be riding my ass each day, no thanks," PING! Cain disappeared, flashing toward Poseidon with a horizontal swing.

Poseidon swung his trident up, deflecting Cain's attack. "Spirit of Phlegethos! Inanna!" BAM! The raw heat that instantly exploded from Cain's sword evaporated the sea around him for several miles.

[Crimson Hellflare] Cain spun around and delivered a slash with all of Inanna's might at the water lord.

***

"The fake Kossuth?" Moradin gasped, "How could she exert so much power?"

"This is Cain's power. Inanna is only a catalyst for him," Corellon stared at the fight, his eyes flashing with a faint green light. "I can see it. Cain is still holding back."

"The bastard, he's that bitch's student," Mystra growled, sensing that Cain wasn't even using a single shred of his brain power to cast magic.

***

Poseidon dodged to the side and swung his spear up, smacking Cain to the sky and shattering his body in half. The two parts quickly exploded into a burst of blood from the impact.

Cain's minced meat reached the clouds, and each drop of blood surged with magic, regenerating into a body. In the blink of an eye, over a thousand Cains glared down from the sky.

"I always like throwing stones into ponds," Cain said with a smile as the sky turned red, [Meteor fall] Countless meteors fell from the sky in one go.

"I say you should try showering with Meteors instead of water," All of the Cains said in one go. Their voices echoed in the sky as the rumbling of the meteors closed on Poseidon.

"I can see how many gods won't find a way to deal with this," Poseidon smiled, "But to me, they are a mere pebble storm." BAM! He flew to the sky with all the water from the seas following him.

BAM! BAM! BAM! Like a massive water spear, Poseidon flew through all the meteors, shattering them before they could hit the water and explode.

"Suprise!" Cain appeared behind Poseidon, cleaving his head in one swing.

Thud! The corpse before Cain turned into the water as Poseidon grabbed him from the back, "Do you think I will fall for your tricks?"

"I was hoping to end it smothly," Cain replied, smiling. "You're a hassle to deal with."

"I won't be a hassle to you after death," Poseidon stabbed Cain's chest with his trident, sending a wave of water to tear his body apart.

"I'm sure you know that merely killing my body isn't enough to kill me," Cain emerged out of nowhere, "As long as my true body exists in my dimension, I can regenerate."

"How about this?" Poseidon smiled, and Cain's vision turned black. His body feels like the sea, unconscious.

"Even that true body of yours has water. What if I squashed that?" Poseidon glared at Cain.

Cain's body turned to that of a woman before he could hit the water, "Sorry, but I can't have you kill Cain, I mean, myself," Aria replied, glaring at Poseidon, smiling.

Poseidon glared at Cain, unable to believe what he is seeing, "Impossible, you should be dead,"

"Cain, yes." Aria nodded, "Me? Heck no, I won't die to an old man sucking me dry," she shook her head, pointing her hand toward Poseidon.

BAM! A burst of water flashes from her hand toward Poseidon, and he is forced to deflect it with his spear, "Do you know there are multiple types of water?" Aria smiled.

BAM! Poseidon swung his spear, causing the water of the sea to engulf Aria, "Water is water,"

"Come on, you aren't Istishia for a reason," Aria emerged from the water, flying toward Poseidon at insane speed, transforming back into Cain, "I won't be bound by any god, no matter what!" CRACKLE! Cain's body flashed with lightning, [Lightning flash]

CLAP! Cain's body burst forward with a single slash from his sword, dragging Poseidon with his across the sea.

"GAH!" Poseidon growled, blocking Cain's slash with his trident. "This power, speed, where did you keep it hidden?"

"I don't hide power. I use it as I like," Cain smiled, cutting Poseidon's trident in half, but the man dodged the attack.

CLANG! CLANG! The two started clashing left and right. Poseidon dual-wielded the two halves of his trident and Cain his single blade.

CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG!

The two rushed across the sea like flashes of light. Poseidon thrusts the upper part of his trident, and Cain deflects it and counters with a slash.

Poseidon block's Cain slash and then kick him to the sea.

Cain lands on the water, standing, and then bounces back to the sky to punch Poseidon's face.

"GAH!" Poseidon kicked Cain in the stomach, sending him flying, and then swung his hands, sending multiple slashes of compressed water.

Cain stopped mid-air, "I need two blades," In a single move, his sword separated into short swords linked with a chain of fire. [Twin Fang: Inanna's dance of thunder]

Lightning cursed through the fire-based blades, causing an infernal plasma to emerge. CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! Cain deflected the slashes as if they were nothing. They evaporated the moment his swords touched them, "Thanks to you, I can test new tricks!" Cain shouted with a smile.