Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Istishia Lightning fell from the sky as the sea rumbled, "To think you came in person," The voice exploded from the depth like thunder.

Istishia smiled, "I only came to take my husband away. You're truly a monster," She glared at the water rise to the sky, and the massive humanoid green monster emerged. Her head started to hurt as she glanced at the abomination, her mind barely able to comprehend the grotesque tentacle evil.

FLAP! Cain spread his wings, the tentacles of his beard swinging like whips as lightning fell. "Is that so? I was expecting you to fight. You're far stronger than him,"

"Why do you desire my daughter? I'm sure she's more trouble than benefits to you," Istishia asked with a smile.

"I can sense the wrath inside you," Cain replied, pointing at Istishia, "Like the ocean, silently and calmly swallowing everything." He laughed, "You say your daughter is troubling me? So what's the problem?"

"What are you talking about?" Istishia glared at Cain. CLANG! Poseidon's trident flew to her hand, getting fixed immediately as a pearl emerged on the hilt.

"Good and evil, life and death, uselessness and usefulness, love and hate, victory and loss, food and shit, everything comes in pairs." Cain replied, "Even if Umberlee troubled me, I already accepted that in exchange for what she can do," Cain opened his palm, "You and Poseidon failed to understand that. Instead of trying to help your daughter better herself and find a use for her talent, you wanted to straighten her like a nail getting hammered."

"That is none of your business," Istishia pointed her spear at Cain, "Umberlee is our daughter, and we're going to raise her,"

Cain laughed, "Except, it's my literal business. Umberlee is an irreplaceable leader in the Abyss war, and that's business if I ever saw one. You must know, how do you clean murky water?"

"What does that have to do with this?" Istishia shouted.

"Answer my question," Cain growled, "You're the true elemental goddess of water. Your daughter is water!"

"You let it sit till the dirt settles down," Istishia replied.

"Then? Umberlee will stay with me," Cain's transformed back to his humanoid form, landing in front of Istishia, smiling. "What do you say?"

Istishia stared at Cain, "You have a nice face,"

"Thank you," Cain replied.

"Fine," Istishia sighed, "I will leave Umberlee with you. Don't let her cause any more trouble. She had cost the world enough lives. Even if it meant beating her,"

"That won't be necessary. Umberlee is quite obedient as she is." Cain replied with a smile, waving his hand.

"Then, treat her well," TING! Umberlee disappeared, leaving a small wave on the sea's surface.

Cain flicked his finger, drying the whole plane as Amaterasu called him back to the arena. "That was stressful," Cain sighed.

"Cain!" Sylph rushed toward Cain, smiling with a tear in her eyes. Hop! She jumped, opening her arms to hug him.

Thud! Cain moved to the side, letting Sylph fall on the ground, sliding on her face. "You mean!"

"Calm down, I know we hadn't met in a while, but you don't have to jump on me," Cain said, helping Sylph stand.

"Hehe," Sylph giggled, bleeding from her nose, "Your father was about to fight Corellon," she said.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Cain looked toward Chad, "You haven't fought?"

Corellon smiled, "Please don't call it a fight," He looked at Cain, "I merely want to remind my Uncle of his sword skills,"

"I don't think we will fight in those fights." Chad pointed at Amaterasu with his thumb.

"Even if you said that," Amaterasu floated down, sitting on Cain's neck and dangling her legs from his shoulders, "I have arranged the fight,"

CRACKLE! Cain unleashed a lightning blast from his body, trying to shock Amaterasu away, but she smiled.

"I won't even feel this," she shrunk her body, "Was I heavy?"

"No," Cain replied, "That's Lilia's place. You can't sit there. Unless you want her to rip you apart,"

"I doubt she will hurt me," Amaterasu replied with a smile, "I did look after Kossuth for her,"

"Hoi!" Moradin growled, "So you did bless her!"

"No, I didn't. I just watched over," Amaterasu jumped from Cain's shoulder, glaring at Moradin, "I only blessed one person, Alice Furberg,"

"I see," Cain said with a smile. CLAP! He clapped his hands with a smile, "Let's get everyone here then,"

"I'm already here," Gracie walked out of Cain's shadow, scaring Shar, who could even sense her presence, "You're that succubus maid," She growled.

"You?" Gracie stared at Shar, pulling her dagger, "The one who knocked me and almost killed Cain," Chills ran down Shar's spine, feeling a ruthless wave of bloodlust.

Thud! Cain patted Gracie's head, "Calm down. Your lust is getting out of hand,"

"Sorry," Gracie apologized, sheathing her dagger and wiping the drool from her lips.

ZON! Alice emerged from Cain's back in her devil form. She sensed the dangerous auras and came prepared. "Cain, is everything okay?" She asked.

"ALICE!" Amaterasu smiled, jumping on Alice with a hug, "Cain! Who is this?" She asked with a scared face, trying to push Amaterasu away.

"You can tell on your own. She isn't dangerous," Cain replied, focusing on summoning the others.

ZON! ZON! A portal appeared, and Sofia walked out with Selena and Hati behind her, "Did you call us?"

"Yes, I did," Cain replied, "The gods are fighting to decide their ranking. I want you to win spots,"

BAM! A massive firey explosion burst in the sky, and a dragon emerged with the fire burning from her red scales, "Is that Kossuth?" Moradin gasped.

"That fire magic," Mystra growled, "It must be her,"

"No, that isn't her," Amaterasu said with a passive face.

"CAIN!" The dragon growled. CRACK! Landing before Cain with an aura of fire, "You didn't call me," She growled.

"Zaleria, can you fight against gods?" He glared at her, "But why are your flames so hot?"

"I've been out hunting, and I managed to become a great wyrm by slaying and devouring all the male red dragons who challenged me," She shifted to her human form, "You can't ignore me,"

"I didn't ignore you," Cain replied, "I just didn't want you to face any danger,"

BAM! Zaleria smacked Cain's head, "Danger? I'm a dragon. We live with it,"

"Wait, how strong is the real Kossuth?" Moradin asked with a gasp, glaring at Amaterasu.

"She was this strong when she killed the original Tiamat, but her powers have grown far beyond the natural limitations." Amaterasu glared at Cain, "And with someone expanding the system, I bet Kossuth growing stronger by the second as her flame gets hotter,"

Cain scratched his head, "Kossuth?"

"Yep, her," Amaterasu looked at Zaleria, "It's your mother. She's coming toward us,"

"Can't you just teleport her?" Cain asked.

"I won't even try. Moving such a large amount of magic is annoying, and she won't have enough time to cool down," Amaterasu smiled, "Everyone here will just die in her presence, even you, Cain."

Cain smiled, "Are you saying her aura alone is enough to kill me?"

"No, just you. Everyone here except me will die. Their souls will get snuffed out," Amaterasu rested her fists on her hips, "I'm the sun, and she's a fake sun. Yet her heat is real,"

"Then why aren't we dying?" Cain glared at Amaterasu.

"I'm supressing my essense," Amaterasu smiled, "Believe it or not, the sun doesn't have any flames. Just pure, raw, blazing matter burning into an endless compressed forge,"

"And you're scared of Master," Cain waved his hands, "Are you saying she's more than you?"

Amaterasu glared at Cain, "Lilia isn't a being. She is the being itself. The barrier separating this world and the outer existence. It doesn't matter how many suns dance in the sky. They are no match for the universe's cage."

Cain glared at Amaterasu, "Mana? Then why isn't Mystra just as strong?"

"She's the goddess of magic, nothing more. Lilia lacks the privileges of a goddess, but her understanding of the world makes her the absolute monster."

"Amaterasu," Corellon approached, "Please start the next fight, and give me and Chad enough space to practice at the side,"

Amaterasu smiled, "Of course, here you go," Flicking her fingers, she sent Chad and Corellon to their own dimension to train.

"Can you answer one of my questions?" Cain approached Amaterasu.

"Where did you come from?"

"Ho?" Amaterasu smiled, "You aren't like Corellon or Asgorath," Cain added.

"I will tell you if you win the coming fights," Amaterasu smiled, waving her fingers, "But you could say that AO created me outside what he considered Mortals,"

Amaterasu flew to the sky, "The next fight is going to be an interesting one," She opened her arms.

Everyone looked up, waiting for her to announce the contenders.

"The cubus Goddess Gracie is facing the darkness Gooddess Shar!" Amaterasu shouted, swinging her arms as the two disappeared.

"Do your best!" Cain waved his hand to Gracie.