Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

[If you're reading this, I suggest you listen to [Metal gear RR: The stains of time] while you read, especially the last half. Those who knew could understand the MEME.]

Gracie walked into Amaterasu's dimension, keeping her eyes on Shar with a blank face. "Cain, will she be fine?" Sofia asked.

"She will. Look at her," Cain pointed at Gracie's expressionless face, "She's going to win,"

Shar glared at Gracie, smiling, "You just walked into here? Say something, do anything, and show us what you can do!"

Gracie didn't reply. She just stared at Shar.

"Say something!" Shar growled, but Gracie kept ignoring her.

Thud! Shar lifted her hand, conjuring a longsword, "Fine, let's see if your severed head can speak!" BAM! She jumped at Gracie, swinging the sword as fast as she could.

Gracie stood, still, only bending backward when the blade approached her, dodging the strike.

"Heh?" Shar gasped, unable to believe that Gracie dodged her attack. She wasn't serious, but this meant Gracie is more than the last time they met. "This is fun, isn't it?" Shar smiled, swinging at Gracie's neck again.

Gracie was still bent backward, and Shar's sword came rushing at her neck. Thud! Using her hands to support her body, Gracie flipped over Shar's blade and landed standing. "What is the?" Shar growled, perplexed at those unorthodox movements.

From the shadows of her wrist, Gracie pulled the two daggers Bahamut crafted. The right one had the word 'destroy' written on the blade, and the left has the word 'slay'

"No, you won't!" Shar swung her sword at Gracie's torso, trying to cut her in half above the belly button, which would cut her wrists as well.

Gracie's body bent backward enough to dodge the attack.

"No, you won't!" Shar growled, shifting the direction of her attack toward Gracie's knees. Thud! Gracie jumped, laying mid-air horizontally and dodging the attack in what could only be described as intending to piss Shar off.

"The fuck was that?" Shar growled, jumping back, and Gracie landed on her legs. 'Damn it. I can't sense her emotions let alone predict how she will move. She isn't even emitting a shred of divine magic,'

Gracie hasn't used her goddess power. She instead opted to keep her emotions hidden. And only use magic inside her shadows to make sure Shar won't read her movements.

Gracie finally shifted her glare, looking at Shar, "Are you finally looking at me?"

"I need to wash Cain's clothes before dinner. Can we end this quickly?" Gracie said with a blank face.

Veins popped on Shar's head, "What did you say, you bitch?"

"I need to get to Cain's clothes before the other maids," Gracie replied with an empty face, "You're an inconvenience," With a blank and emotionless face, Gracie tried to enrage Shar.

Shar took a deep breath, pointing her sword at Gracie, "Why do you care so much? Have something for them, are you a pervert?" Shar tried to strike back and get a reaction from Gracie, but what she got shocked her even more.

"Of course," Gracie replied without much change in her face, lifting her right hand, 'Destroy'

[Twing Fang: Snake strike]

Gracie lunged forward, stabbing at Shar's neck with her right dagger.

CLANG! Shar deflected the strike upward and spun to strike Gracie's back.

STAB! As Shar was mid-spin, Gracie stabbed her with the second dagger 'Slay' In the butt.

GAH! Shar cried, stumbling forward, and Gracie jumped on her back, dropping her on her stomach. She lifted her daggers and started stabbing her back over and over. STAB! STAB! STAB! STAB! STAB! STAB! STAB! STAB! STAB! STAB! STAB! STAB! STAB! STAB! STAB! STAB! STAB! STAB! STAB! STAB! STAB!Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Shar's body melted into a black pool of darkness, "Did you think I would die that easily?"

Shar stood far behind Gracie, smiling, "You can stab the darkness as much as you want, but it's useless without the light.

Gracie looked at the pool of darkness, "How do you fill a chicken?"

"What?" Shar glared at Gracie, confused at the strange question.

Gracie lifted her blades, stabbing the darkness.

GAH! Shar screamed in agony, feeling a blade cut inside her back end and one inside her belly, "The hell you did?" She growled, falling on her face with blood dripping from her hips.

Gracie started stabbing her and over, "Cut! Cut! Cut!" Mumbling as Shar growled.

Shar lifted her palm, "Let's end this!" She growled, sending a wave of darkness to swallow Gracie. "I was generous, but now forget about using shadow magic!" She screamed.

Gracie tried to avoid the wave by teleporting away, but her shadow magic didn't work. Shar prevented her from using anything darkness related.

BAM! The wave swallowed Gracie, and Shar stood panting as her womb and colon healed, "She's dead," She sighed, glaring at Amaterasu, "Do I need to pull the corpse to take her portfolio?"

"No, you will receive the portfolio immediately if she is dead," Amaterasu replied.

Shar froze, "Wait, but she's dead?"

Amaterasu smiled, "Heh!" Shar gasped, feeling hands craw beneath her clothes, "Where are you?" she turned around, seeing nothing. The hands were literally between her skin and clothes.

Shar looked between her chest, but the hands had disappeared, and she felt a finger inside her mouth. The moment she opened it to take the fingers out, they disappeared, and she felt a hole arm get jammed inside her cervix. "GAH!" She screamed. And felt a whole foot inside her butt, "Get away from me!" Shar shouted, sending a blast of darkness from her body.

"When shadows align, they become one," a whispered in Shar's ear, and she felt a hand clench on her heart, "You can't turn the darkness inside you off," Clensh! Gracie smashed Shar's heart, and her body fell limp.

BAM! A knife emerged from Shar's stomach, opening her torso and Grace burst out, engulfed in blood.

ZON! Shar emerged far away, glaring at the bloodied Gracie, "You monster!"

Gracie shook the blood from her dagger and Glared at Shar, "How could I kill you?" She asked without a change on her face.

Shar laughed, "I see. Since you lack emotions, I can't sense you unless I see or hear you. All I need is to kill you without letting you touch any darkness," Shar pointed her sword At Gracie.

"Your inside is warm and feels nice," Gracie said, lifting her hand over Shar's corpse.

Shar flicked her finger, trying to swallow the corpse in her darkness. But she couldn't. Gracie's darkness already infected it.

Steel wires flowed from Gracie's fingers, seeping into the corpse.

Shar's corpse started to wiggle and move, standing with its guts flowing out. Gracie pulled a sowing needle from her pocket and jammed all the guts inside, closing the wound in front of Shar.

"Disrespecting my corpse like that in front of me?" Shar growled.

Gracie slowly looked back at Shar, "You're waiting for me,"

Shar smiled, "Who said that?" She blitzes forward, cutting Gracie's head off.

Thud! Thud! Gracie's head rolled on the ground, but not a single drop of blood fell off. When Shar looked closely, she saw a black circle engulfing the wound on Gracie's neck. Gracie's eyes glared at Shar, "AH! I'm dead!" She said with a blank face.

BAM! Shar's corpse stood, punching Shar in the back of her neck, sending her rolling away.

Gracie's body stood, lifting her head and putting it back in place, "Good Job!" She gave the corpse a thumbs up.

Gracie pushed her hand inside Shar's corpse mouth, pulling two shortswords from the darkness inside. "Here you go," She handed the weapons to the corpse, "On her, Shadow puppet," Gracie used her remaining shadows inside Shar's corpse to move the wires she implanted and control the corpse like a puppet.

Shar's body rolled on the ground, and the moment she stood, the corpse rushed at her, swinging the two swords. CLANG! Shar deflected the swords and jumped at Gracie, swinging at her torso.

SWOSH! The sword passed right through, and Gracie separated her body in the belly to dodge the strike. She's using the darkness inside her body to separate it and dodge the strikes.

"The fuck are you!" Shar shouted, dodging the corpse and swinging at Gracie.

Gracie's preferred method of dodging is self-bisection. [Twin Fang: CRAZED DANCE]

Gracie swing her right dagger horizontally 'Destroy'

Shar jumped back to dodge, but Gracie's arm cut sliced in multiple spots, extending forward and increasing her range. SLASH! She managed to cut Shar's eyes, and then the corpse stabbed her in the chest.

BAM! Gracie rushed forward, touching the second corpse and implanting her wires inside, creating a second puppet. As Shar resurrected in the back, she glared at Gracie, "You annoying bitch,"

"Gracie!" Amaterasu shouted, "Why aren't you using your divine powers? Till this point. I haven't seen anything worthy of the succubus goddess."

Gracie looked up at Amaterasu, "I won't use it. I only get naked in front of Cain," she replied.

Amaterasu looked at the watcher. And then at Gracie, "What if I looked at the whole place? They won't see a thing inside."

Gracie nodded, "I can use them in that case,"

"Understood!" CLAP! Amaterasu clapped her hands, and the whole fight disappeared. No one could watch.