Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"Where are you?" Shar shouted as hard as she could, glaring around and looking for Gracie.

Amaterasu locked the dimension, and no one could peek inside except her. Gracie used that, coupled with permission from Cain, to go all out, letting her divine power loose.

Gracie's body melted into nothingness, mixing with the ground and evading Shar's raging darkness.

"A goddess of lust, you won't be that strong. Show yourself," Shar shouted, flying into the sky and opening her arms. Wavers of darkness splashed down. "Good luck escaping from my darkness now that you revealed your divine magic,"

Ting! Shar flinched, sensing Gracie in the distance, "There you are!" She shouted, pointing her sword and sending a ray of dark magic.

Gracie looked up, still in her maid form. She doesn't need her divine lust abilities to fight. The only benefit she would get from taking her goddess form is raw power and speed.

Shadows started burning from Gracie's skin, eating all of her clothes. Two large black wings emerged on her back as her nails grew longer. The whip-like tails extending from her lower back weaved like a snake as her purple-glowing eyes glared at Shar.

Thud! Gracie jumped, stepping on the dark magic beam with the tips of her toes, using her own shadows as leverage. BAM! With a single leap, she blasted toward Shar, swinging her right claw.

Shar smiled, seeing Gracie rush at her, "You came to your death!" She swung her palm down, sending a second blast at Gracie.

Gracie bent backward, dodging the second beam with a minor scratch on her chest. CLICK! Shar flicked her fingers, and the whole dimension sunk into darkness. Gracie couldn't see anything.

Thud! Gracie landed on the ground, looking around. Even her divine vision failed her, "Where did you?" She asked.

"Heh! So you're a failure?" Shar said, smiling. Gracie felt hundreds of swords stab her body from every direction, and her warm blood slowly flowed. "How about you die? I will take the lust portfolio and put it to good use," The voice boomed in the darkness.

Gracie smiled, "I can smell you," She said, lunging forward with all the swords stabbing her body. SWOSH! She swung her claw but hit nothing.

"You scared me for a moment, but did you really think I won't move?" Shar laughed.

"So you were there," Gracie confirmed her senses. She wasn't mistaken. She could smell and feel Shar.

"So what?" Shar growled, "You missed!"

Gracie smiled, pulling the swords from her body, "Lilia said it. All of my bodily fluids are made of aphrodisiac." She splashed her blood everywhere.

Ba-dump! Ba-dump! Shar felt her heart racing, and her body started feeling hot, "You're the only woman in this whole dimension,"

Shar snorted, "Aren't you getting more expressive? Did getting divine power change something in your rotten skull?"

"It's a battle of attrition. Will my body sink into your darkness first, or will your mind be drawn to my desire first," Gracie said with an ecstatic smile.

It was the same, just how Shar could sink the whole dimension into her darkness since no one watching, and there is no need for light to exist. Shar would have to endure All of Gracie's lust and temptation alone since she's the only one in the dimension.

Shar's body started feeling weak, "You bitch! Stop that!" She could feel her life force being sucked away by the succubus goddess.

"Give up!" Gracie said with a smile as Shar stabbed her over and over, "Only Cain and Lilia could withstand my lifeforce absorption. Give up, and I will make it feel good!"

Shar flew into the sky, running far as she could from Gracie. It didn't work. The tingles in her womb only grew stronger, and her breathing got faster.

Lust is life's instinct to multiply, a primal desire rooted in the concept of survival. Now that Shar is alone in the dimension, her need to fill the world reached something unbelievable.

The start of life. The true meaning of lust.

Shar's body started aching, burning with pain. All of her cells and being cried in agony. ^We aren't enough.^ Each cell wanted to multiply and divide at all costs.

"What did you do!" Shar shouted, falling to the ground with her body deforming. Her cells rapidly multiplied in a desperate lust for survival.

Thud! Gracie landed beside Shar, stepping on her head, "I simply asked your cells to multiply. Lust and sex are what humans and animals know, but all living beings have it,"

"You aren't making any sense," Shar cried, barely keeping her shape.

Gracie stared down at her with an emotionless face, "Even I just understood it," She said.

"GRWAAAAA!" Shar screamed, unleashing all of her darkness at once. BAM! Gracie got blasted, and Shar stood with a flood rushing between her legs and tears from her eyes. Her body colored blood red as her cells couldn't stay stable.

BAM! BAM! BAM! Gracie rolled on the ground but quickly stopped and sat crosslegged, "I almost died. Thanks for the life force," Gracie said with a smile, playing with her private parts in the blinding darkness.

BAM! Shar fell to her knees, "Stop! Please," CRACKLE! Her arm suddenly grew larger into a grotesque lump of flesh.

Shar grabbed her shoulder and growled, forcing her arm back to normal.

Gracie glared at Shar with a smile, "Multiply, little cells!" She started cheering.

Shar fell on her face, pointing at Gracie with her arm in a last-ditch effort, "DIE!"

A wave of darkness engulfed Gracie, cutting her body as fine as minced meat. "I killed her?" Shar gasped, feeling Gracie's lust weaken for a moment.

Outside, Amaterasu gasped, "No way! That can't be!" She freaked out, glaring toward Cain, "Did you know?"

"I'm not sure," Cain replied, smiling as the other gods glared at him, "Is Gracie winning?" They asked.

Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"Of course," Cain replied.

"I won't call this winning!" Amaterasu screamed at Cain, "How could you call the birth of a monster a mere winning?"

Shar glared at Gracie's minced meat, noticing a small lump of flesh floating above it.

The lump of flesh quickly grew larger and took the shape of a deformed fetus that glared at Shar with a halo on his head, "PIKYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!" The being screamed, his screech deafening as the darkness disappeared.

Amaterasu pulled on her hair, "This is unprecedented!" She smiled, "Life, death, and rebirth all in one," She laughed maniacally.

The fetus grew, shifting between male and female. Gracie went through all of her life in front of Shar, from being born to dying of old age and then getting a report again from her own womb.

"Sorry, Shar." Amaterasu glared at the fight with a smile, "I won't be able to save you from that thing,"

BAM! From the bloody mess, Gracie emerged naked with a blood-drenched womb floating before her. She opened her purple-glowing eyes and pointed at Shar, "The womb of the universe. A shard like the ones with Hati,"

The gods glared at Amaterasu, "Show us! What is happening inside?" Moradin shouted.

"The godmother of all life has descended. Shar is in her mercy," Amaterasu said.

"Show us!" Mystra screamed, flying toward Amaterasu.

BAM! Amaterasu smacked Mystra to the ground with a kick, "Stay put if you value your life,"

Shar glared at Gracie with a shaking body, "Who are you?" She cried.

Gracie glared at Shar, and her body froze.

GAH! Shar cried, feeling her body twisting from the inside. Her body started getting younger till she reverted to a baby and then to a fetus that disappeared into nothing.

But in the next moment, a small fetus appeared out of thin air, screaming in agony as it grew into a baby and then back to Shar. "What are you doing? Please stop," Shar cried as she became a frail old hag.

BAM! Shar's stomach inflated, exploding as a fetus fell from her.

That fetus grew back into Shar, locking her in a vicious cycle of life, death, and rebirth.

Gracie grabbed Shar's morphing face in her palm, "You're mine," She said, and Shar disappeared.

Amaterasu looked at the dimension. The fight has ended. CLICK! She flicked her finger, and the barrier disappeared.

Gracie stood there alone in her maid uniform, unchanged. She slowly approached Cain, bowing gently, "I got Shar's darkness and night portfolios. I also took her within me. You can have her if you want," Gracie gave Cain a tiny dried fetus, "This is Shar,"

Cain took the fetus from her hand and stared at it, "Can you turn it back?"

The gods glared at Gracie, trying to understand the nature of her power.

Gracie threw the fetus away, and it morphed into Shar, who fell on her face crying in agony.

Mystra flew toward Shar, casting healing and inspection magic, "Are you okay?"

SLAP! Shar slapped Mystra, "Leave me alone!" she shouted and then rushed toward Gracie, begging, "Mistress, please don't put me in that again! I will do anything!" She cried.

"Here is Cain," Gracie waved her palm before Cain, "His words are your life. If you displeased him, you get back into the cycle. If I felt like it, you get back in the cycle. If he felt like it, the same," Gracie said with a passive face.

"Shar looked at Cain, crying. Please master, have mercy and don't put me back in the cycle," She begged over and over.