Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

BAM! Alice punched Primos's face so hard that her arm exploded, flinging him away like a small stone. "This is it!" Primos said, stopping himself with a flame jet from his back.

Alice glared forward with a growl, and her arms instantly regenerated. "Don't push yourself too hard," Cain shouted.

"You're too soft on her," Amaterasu stared at him.

"I'm not soft. I'm reasonable," Cain replied, "She was sick and barely able to walk four months ago."

"What would that change?" Amaterasu glared at Cain, smiling.

"Four months is barely enough for someone to recover from a broken bone, let alone be up and trading blows with gods," Cain flew toward Amaterasu, "Alice and all the girls here had excellent growth. I dare say far more than you, gods. I understand that you are trying to push her over the limit, but I fear you might break her."

"You know that she isn't even close to her full potential,"

"I know, and I'm willing to give her time to learn how to use her power," Cain then looked at Alice, "Do your best, but stop if you can't handle it," Cain shouted.

"Don't worry," Alice replied, "I would have already said something if I didn't want to do it," She growled, taking a deep breath. Her body started glowing with divine magic.

BAM! Primos flew at Alice as fast as he could, charging a punch.

Alice closed her eyes, letting her magic calm. The veins on her arms and legs started popping as her muscles expanded, 'Archons, the god-killing weapons of the divine realm. Gods made them for protection from other gods, and so they mighty and powerful.'

Alice dodged Primos's punch at the last moment, opening her eyes and staring at him, divine magic oozing from her body, "GAH!" She screamed, kicking him hard enough to break her leg.

As the shockwave exploded, Alice smacked her foot on the ground, and it healed, "First come the holy magic," She took a low stance and clenched her fist.

Holy magic started accumulating in her fist, seeping through her bones, "Second come the curse magic," BAM! With a massive blast, the curse magic started mixing in her fist, and her muscles expanded, tearing her thigh-highs.

"I told you magic won't work on me," Primos said, glaring at her.

"I know, I heard you," Alice replied.

"Then why are you using it?" Primos asked, "You aren't making any sense,"

Alice smiled, "I understand that Amaterasu wants me to be as strong as any other archon, but can you tell if I'm really an archon?"

Primos stopped, "No, you don't fit the definition of an archon," Primos replied, "According to my data collection, you are a fallen Archon. An Archon who rebelled against the gods,"

"It doesn't matter, Alice!" Amaterasu shouted, "Knights or deserters, they are both humans,"

Alice smiled, glaring at Amaterasu, "That for mortals, I'm nowhere near Ariel, Seren, or Evelyn," BAM! The magic in her fist started going out of control.

"Alice stop!" Amaterasu screamed, "Cain, say something,"

Cain smiled, "She is starting to believe. Your training has worked," He said,

"Third comes the divine magic," Alice started sucking divine magic from Cain like crazy, mixing everything inside her body.

BAM! Alice flashed toward Primos, swinging her fist.

Primos finished analyzing Alice's fist, "That thing is dangerous," He said, jumping away. Alice missed the hit. But she didn't stop, rushing after Primos.

"Why are you running?" Amaterasu shouted at Primos.

"That mixture is unstable. Alice is the only one who can keep it stable." Primos replied, "The body won't be able to handle the contradiction of the elements,"

Alice's speed started increasing as more of the contradiction magic accumulated in her body until her whole body became untouchable.

"You're really something. I would make sure to leave a spot for you in my data collection," Primos said, flying back and shooting his steel rods at Alice.

BAM! Alice jumped to the sky, flapping her wings like crazy as she reached the clouds. Primos looked up, "What do you think you are doing? You should try and get faster to catch me,"

Alice stared down at Primos, her eyes glowing, "Sorry Cain, I will make it up for you later," She said with a smile, opening her arms and closing her eyes.

"What?" Amaterasu sensed something off about Alice, her link with her closed, "What are you doing?"

Cain took a deep breath, "This is going to hurt,"

Alice's magic spiked as she opened her eyes, her wings flashing white and black, expanding to cover the whole dimension which was almost as big as the mortal world itself, [Heaven's strike]

The light of the contradiction magic fell from her wings, "Ah, a god-killing machine," He said as the light fell on him.

Alice stood in front of Primos's crackling body, staring at him, "Can you stand?" She asked.

"Don't worry about me," Primos replied, "This is but a second body," He added.

"The fight over! The winner is Alice Furberg!" Amaterasu shouted, looking at Cain, "You were right,"

Cain lay on the ground, resting his head on Gracie's lap with Sofia, Selena, and Hati sitting beside him, "Yeah," He lifted a thumbs up.

"Are you fine?" Amaterasu asked.

"Yeah, just a little low on divine magic," Cain replied, "She sucked me dry." He laughed.

"You should put a limit on how much they can draw," Amaterasu replied, "She could have been fine using enough power to just burn a one-mile radius. But she instead burned the whole dimension."

"I know. It's like you break each brick in a castle instead of just destroying the gate to get in," Cain replied, "She could have won with a small fragment of my power. It was Sofia at first, and now it's Alice,"

"That a problem with you," Moradin approached Cain, "Make it clear that you are upset with them, and they will learn,"

"I'm not upset about it," Cain replied, "It's just risky. I don't like walking around with less than half of my magic,"

"Moradin is right," Amaterasu said, opening the dimension for both Alice and Primos.

Thud! A barefoot landed on Cain's face, "How about you suck mine?" Lilia said, sitting on Cain's stomach.

Ba-dump! Amaterasu felt her heartbeat, looking at Lilia as time seemed to slow down. 'What is that?' she thought.

Moradin was too slow to react, not even noticing the monster that had just appeared.

Selune noticed something off about Amaterasu, and in the next moment, she felt Lilia's presence. She pulled a long silver blade and took a stance [Moon dance: Hammer of the rabbit]. She flashed toward Lilia, swinging her sword, "Selune, stop!" Amaterasu shouted.

𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

CLANG! Selune sliced Lilia's head off. Blood splashed everywhere, "Did I get her?" she growled, looking back at Lilia's head and body flying to the sides.

Mystra saw it, and she turned around to teleport away. She knew Lilia is after her, and she won't risk it. "Why isn't it working?" Mystra cried as her magic failed to work.

Lilia's head stopped mid-air, and the eyes glared at Selune, "What a rude girl," Thud! Her blood pulled her body and head together, fusing them.

SWOSH! Amaterasu flew to stand between Selune and Lilia, "You idiot! How many times have I told you to not freak out like this?" Amaterasu shouted, "You might have broke all the negotiation options!"

"She's dangerous!" Selune shouted.

Moradin realized who Lilia was, and he stood his ground, watching the situation.

"Don't worry. I don't get angry at kids like her," Lilia said, pointing her finger at Selune, "I bet even you can understand, little girl," Lilia smiled.

"You think a few thousand years old halflings like you are older than the moon?" Selune growled.

"Depends on whom you're talking with," Lilia smiled, "If you are talking with Lilia, you're right. I'm not older than you." She then looked at Amaterasu, "But if you're talking with the one she fears, you're a damn newborn in my eyes,"

"Selune, stand down," Amaterasu growled, "She's right, don't make things harder,"

"Lilia Bodhimicah, am I right?" Moradin asked. Lilia looked at him with a smile, "With all my short bones,"

"I see," Moradin nodded, "Can I ask you to not kill anyone here?"

Lilia nodded with a smile, "Isn't that just normal? Do you think I would show up and start blasting like that moon girl over there?"

Moradin looked at Selune and Amaterasu, "Yeah?"

Lilia sighed, "That's why I don't like you gods," She looked at Cain, "I only have a problem with Mystra. I don't have a reason to hurt any one of you unless you hurt me first,"

"Cain, can you say anything?" Sofia looked at Cain.

"I don't have anything to complain about," He looked at Lilia sitting on his stomach, resting her foot on his face, "She's providing me with mana, with holy magic...Hold up, how did you get that?" He looked at Lilia.

"The holy magic?" Lilia looked at him, "I've stolen it from someone," She smiled, extending her tongue out.

"Who?" Cain glared at Lilia.

"Sorry, I lied," She looked away, "I asked Kali to lend me some of her divine magic, and she agreed on a contract,"

"What did you make that little girl agree on?" Amaterasu growled, her might reaching the sky as the sun rumbled.

"She would give half of her divine mana to me, in exchange for me forging her an identity as Kayden and Lily's daughter. That also included a spell to allow her to live in the mortal world with all of her power," Lilia smiled, "I doubt that's a bad deal for her, she would regenerate that divine mana in a few days,"