Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"Anamoly number 114750. Danger level 0." A voice rumbled from Primos's, and his eyes flashed blue as he started floating. "Cluster 4523 move to point Z at 36548, permission black." BAM!

In a flash of light, thousands of portals emerged everywhere, and the golem army of Mechanus blotted the sky. BOOM! Primos's body exploded, transforming into a flying ship as he sat on the deck as a mere upper body of electric light. The divine magic oozing from him was on a whole other level than when he fought Alice.

"What is this?" Alice gasped, glaring at the sky.

"The cosmic guards, the ones who capture and judge rogue beings." Primos replied as the whole army glared down at Lilia, "Depending on your actions, this might be the place to end you,"

ZON! GAIA appeared before Lilia and glared at Primos in the sky, "Your winning chance is still less than 1%, is risking the whole force of the cosmic guard worth it?" She shouted.

"Primos, GAIA is right," Amaterasu shouted, "It isn't worth the risk!"

"Can I say something?" Lilia lifted her hand, "Those are the cosmic police, not guards."

Cain smiled, "Master is right. Even I can drop that army from the sky," He looked at Primos. 'I don't want to do it as I already wasted enough mana. I need to make mana balls for the fairies.'

GAIA stared at Cain, "Cluster 4523 has only a 31% Chance of beating Cain Lisworth. Albeit his true powers are still unknown,"

Cain smiled and stood with Lilia sitting on his shoulders, "You better think of the consequences of your actions," He said.

"If you started massacring the other gods outside the fights, I would have to take the chance." Primos replied, "Cluster 4523 will remain here,"

Lilia patted Cain's head, "Sit. We aren't fighting that scrap pile."

Cain sat, and the cluster seemed to calm. He then looked up, "Even Alice could wipe you out if she hit you with that [Heaven's strike]."

"She would, if we let her cast it," Primos replied, "That attack was your might, not her,"

"An angel is supposed to use their God's powers," Cain replied. He then stared at Amaterasu, "What's the next fight?" He asked.

"Can I get a round with Mystra?" Lilia asked with a smile.

"Never," Amaterasu shook her head, "Kill her somewhere else if you want," Amaterasu flew to the sky, "Next fight is between two queens! One from hell and the other from the abyss."

"The nemesis of the gods, the dark lady, queen of chaos, the undying queen and the bane of Bahamut, and the avaricious, Tiamat, the legendary queen, and mother of all evil dragons," Amaterasu shouted, pointing toward Sofia.

"Hoi! Since when I was the nemesis of the gods, the dark lady, queen of chaos?" Sofia shouted, glaring at Amaterasu.

"Don't take it on me. They are the old Tiamat's titles." Amaterasu smiled.

Sofia pouted, "Fine, who am I fighting?"

"The goddess of chaos, uncertainty, and everything that is foul, the horrid lady of the abyss and Asura's wife, the mother of all demons, the pale night of the abyss,"

KEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE-ERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR! A white hawk soared in the sky, flapping its wings as a divine light of a demonic origin, yet reeking of rot and disease fell from the sky, "The one hated and loved by all demons, the mother who only seeks to be a mother to her horrid spawns, the one who rejected godhood, and yet dared to claim the name of a divine," Amaterasu shouted as the hawk dived to the ground. Ting! A pure white woman, in a white robe with white hair and no pupils, landed with a smile on her face, "I have missed my daughter, haven't I?" The pale night said, glaring toward the gods.

"You missed her by a lot," Amaterasu sighed.

The pale night sighed, looking at the gods with a sad face, but then her eyes landed on Lilia. "Yog?"

"Shub, how have you been doing?" Lilia stood with a smile, waving her hand.

"Don't use my name," Shub sighed, approaching Lilia and pinching her nose, "I believe I told you not to use it last time we met,"

"That was almost a hundred thousand years in the past, I must have forgotten. Remember your gift!" Lilia waved her hands, struggling to get her nose out of Shub's grasp.

Cain watched the two bickerings, Lilia was clearly in a different league than the pale night, yet she was playing with her. Lilia only acts like that in front of people she can trust.

"Do you know her?" Sofia approached Lilia and Shub, staring at them.

"Yeah, she's the one who granted two of my favorite spells," Lilia replied. Shud is the one who taught her [Rebirth] and [Restart]

[Restart] is the magic Lilia used to use Mary to guide Cain, and Rebirth is the magic she used to be reborn into many bodies through time. So technically speaking, The pale night is the true mother of the body [Lilia Bodhimicah] While the being Yog-sothoth is not.

"I'm one of her old friends. You can say one of her first friends," The pale night smiled.

Sofia nodded, "We're supposed to fight, but can I ask something first."

"You're going to ask why I'm radiating white light?" the pale night smiled, "Everyone asks that,"

"If you don't mind answering. Looking at you is painful to the eye," Sofia replied.

Shub closed her eyes, "The world value purity, love, compassion, and innocence. Those who sacrifice a lot in the face of the hardships of life are granted a divine light that shows them the way to the heavens in the afterlife."

Lilia looked at Sofia, "Shub is just a mother who wants to raise her children, and she kept doing that for eternity, even though her children could be horrid monstrosities." She smiled, "It's strange, isn't it? The mother of all demons is the purest being with the best Karma in the world,"

"I can understand, but at the same time I don't," Sofia scratched her head, "Can we start fighting then?"

"Of course," Shub smiled, walking with Sofia to the battlefield, "Don't worry, I won't go hard on you,"

Sofia spun her arm, "Can you fight? How strong are you?"

Shub looked back, her eyes stopping at Gracie, "Weaker than her if she learned how to use her power," She then looked to Sofia, "And strong enough that I won't lose to any demon,"

Sofia smiled, "You can beat Kayden?"

"That's an exception," Shub looked away, "That kid reminds me of Asura, in a few months he broke all the limitations of demons and stacked more power than a demon can,"

"Well then," Sofia took a stance, "What portfolio would I get by beating you?"

Shub smiled, looking at Amaterasu, "This isn't a fight for fun, is it?"

"Sofia has purgatory and evil dragons. She should offer purgatory. You on the other hand should offer Chaos." Amaterasu explained the stakes.

Sofia betting purgatory, and Shub is betting Chaos.

"I see, I see. A chaos dragon would be fun to try," Sofia smiled, fire bursting beneath her feet. KA-BOOM! In a flash, she flew toward Shub like a ball of fire.

Shub smiled, opening her palm. SLAP! In a single move, she slapped Sofia in the face as she passed by, causing her to roll on the ground.

Shub looked back at Sofia laying on the ground with her eyes dazzling around, a red palm mark on her cheek. She moved her hands apart, twisting her fingers in weird signs, "Come at me with full power,"

CRACK! Sofia stood, fire gushing from her mouth and lightning crackling from her back. She smacked her fist on the ground, cracking it. "I was trying to go slowly at the start, do you want an all-out fight?"

Shub smiled, "Sorry, but I hate taking things slowly. I have a few nasty powers so please don't get angry at me,"

Sofia smiled, "Why would I? No hard feelings. I too intend on winning!" She flew forward.

Shub smiled, pointing her finger at Sofia, [Burst]

POP! Sofia's eyes exploded, and she fell to the ground growling, "What did you do?"

"Told you I have some nasty powers," Shub pointed another finger at Sofia, "You can heal, can't you?"

Sofia opened her eyelids, her eyes have already regenerated. She glared at Shub, ROAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR! Roaring, her voice sent a blast that shattered the ground around her.

Multiple dragon heads exploded from Sofia, rushing out with rage toward Shub. Shub jumped back, but the red dragon head sent a fire breath at her.

[Blast] Shub pointed her finger, blasting the breath away. ROAARRRRR! The other dragon heads breathed at the same time, forcing Shub to fly away.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

When Shub looked down, Tiamat glared at her in her draconic form, fire, lightning, storms of wind and frozen acid and poison, stones flying everywhere in a chaotic elemental purgatory, "Let's see if you can stop a dragon with your powers." Sofia growled, unleashing the full might of the dragon queen, Tiamat.