Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Shub flew across the sky, chased by the ball of destruction named Tiamat. She looked back and growled, "At least aim!"

Sofia flew after Shub in her draconic form, unleashing breaths from all over her head and casting spells from all of her limbs. Even getting close to her seemed impossible. She knew that if she wasted a single moment aiming, Shub would do something to counter.

Shub felt as if she is fighting a kid flailing his arms randomly. Predicting the attacks is impossible, even with her power and speed.

"Fine, just keep blasting until you run out of MP," Shub shouted, running away.

CRACK! A feathery light-blue-white head emerged from Sofia's neck, opening its jaw. It started sucking air in.

Shub looked back, "A wind dragon? It's sucking air to feed the flames and convert that into mana," She smiled, "Are you trying to infinitely generate mana by mixing your heads?"

Sofia smiled inside. The world was full of elements, especially wind, and earth. They are everywhere. Eating them was a physical task, so she could suck air until her stamina run out. No, like human breathing. There is a steady rate that allows her to breathe indefinity, only limited by her hunger. And as a dragon that can eat anything, the whole world is her dinner dish.

*****

Cain smiled, "She used to use more mana than she had, and now she turned that into strength, using the whole world to her need." He giggled, "Avaricious. She is a greedy goddess, after all."

*****

"Damn it!" Shub growled. Sofia showed no signs of slowing down or stopping. CLAP! She smacked her hands together, disappearing.

Thud! Shub appeared standing on top of Sofia's read head, twisting her fingers, [Flesh Lock]

CRACK! Sofia's red jaw got slammed shut with her muscles spazzing, and the fire breath she was unleashing got blocked, exploding inside her throat and tearing it open.

ROAR! Sofia's blue head turned toward Shub, unleashing a lightning breath as quickly as it could. Thud! Shub jumped into the sky, dodging the breath and pointing her fingers down. [Twist] The blue head tongue got twisted, blocking the throat and causing the head to start spazzing.

Sofia understood Shub's power. She could control flesh to an extent, causing her eyes to explode, locking her jaw, and forcing her to swallow her tongue.

'There must be a limit to how much she can control. Otherwise, I would be dead,' Sofia thought, pointing her tail at Shub.

[Timat's Purgatory detonation] A special version of Tiamat's destructive spell, Sofia had compressed more heat and matter into it. To create a bigger blast.

BOOOOM! With a flash of light, a massive explosion emerged like a blooming rose, finishing in a could-high mushroom of dust and debris.

SWOSH! Shub flew away with charred skin, "Such radius, since when was she charging that?"

ZIIIIP! Sofia flew from the dust with [Burning feet] BAM! She gave Shub a barefoot kick to the face, sending her away.

ZIIIP! Mid-air, Sofia smacked the flying Shub in the face with her knee, sending her toward the ground.

ZIIIIP! Before Shub could reach the ground, Sofia was already there, and she kicked Shub in the face, sending her back up.

"Such explosive speed," Shub growled.

ZIIIIP! Sofia appeared beside her, swinging a fiery kick.

[Heart stop] Shub glared at Sofia with one eye.

Ba-dump! Sofia felt her heart stop. BAM! She smacked Shub anyway.

***

"Sofia!" Alice shouted as she sensed that Sofia's heart stopped.

"Don't worry, dragons are crazy, and she's their goddess," Cain smiled. Aria appeared from behind Cain, "Which god needs a heart?"

Sofia stopped for a moment, feeling her consciousness fade, "MOVE!" She growled, flexing all of her muscles.

When her muscles contracted, they forced the blood in them to move. Her whole body acted like a heart.

'Good, I don't feel my consciousness going as long as I keep moving,' Sofia smiled, running on air toward Shub in crazed rage. "Come back here!" She growled.

BAM! Shub landed on the ground, flipping and looking at Sofia, "I know dragons are a pain to fight. But what is she made of?" She pointed both her palms at Sofia, [Complete organs shut down]

THUD! Sofia's internal organs stopped working, but that didn't matter to her as long as she kept moving. Her chest muscles forced her to breathe, and her abdomen muscles squeezed her guts to move.

"HEH!" Shub gasped, glaring at Sofia. 'She's a corpse by all means. She should be dead, yet she still moves. She isn't undead. She's an actual living corpse that refuses to let go of life,'

"Damn it, AO. Why did you have to make dragons like this?" Shub growled, flying away from Sofia, "The strongest living beings, their lifeforce is far beyond what the world can comprehend,"

Shub glared outside the dimension at Cain and Lilia, 'Should I do it? They won't take kindly to me breaking her,' She thought and then looked at Sofia.

"You asked for this!" Shub conjured a long white sword and pointed one finger at Sofia, [Brain death]

Blood rushed to Sofia's brain, scrambling it like an egg. Thud! Shub Jumped forward, stabbing Sofia in the neck, "It's the end,"

Thud! Sofia's body flexed, clenching a fist. ROAR! With a deep growl coming from her stomach, Sofia's headless body punched Shub in the guts, sending her flying.

"Why?" Shub growled, "How could she fight,"

*****

Lilia laughed, "Shub was busy giving birth to demons she forget how she messed by dragons in the past," She rolled, tearing up with laughter.

"Is Sofia okay?" Alice asked.

"She moved her consciousness to her nerves across her body." Lilia smiled, "From the tips of her toes to her spine, all those nerves are her brain. Shub doesn't have that fine control to block everything,"

Cain smiled, "Sofia will be in a bad mood after this, but she will be fine."

"You said Shub got messed up by a dragon?" Hati asked.

"She's the mother of demons, you know? A dragon invaded her realm once. She could do nothing about him," Lilia smiled, "She must have removed that memory from her head,"

***

BAM! Sofia glared at Shub, her eyes returning as she regenerated her brain, "That hurt," She growled. ZIIIIIP! With burning feet, she flew toward her and swung a lightning fist. CRACKLE! CLAP!

With a lightning strike, Shub's body raced toward the ground.

CRACK! Shub crashed on her back, seeing Sofia's bare foot falling toward her face. THUD!

Sofia stopped her foot right before she could hit Shub, "You won't fight back?"

"I give up," She spread her arms, "I don't have enough strength to fight anymore,"Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

*****

"Tch!" Lilia growled, "That's because you keep giving birth to demons, even now," She glared at the sky, "Amaterasu, I guess you understand,"

Amaterasu smiled, "Yeah, Tiamat wins this fight!" She shouted, flicking her finger, and Shub disappeared.

"Where did she go?" Sofia looked around, confused.

Thud! Amaterasu landed beside Sofia, "She can't fight. Her womb in the abyss is giving birth to a bit more demons, so she must go,"

"Wait, she was pregnant?" Sofia gasped.

"She always is pregnant and giving birth," Amaterasu replied, "She isn't called the mother of all demons in vain."

Thud! Lilia appeared beside them, causing Amaterasu to flinch, "Shub is usually giving birth to at least a thousand demons each moment, but now she had to give birth to over ten thousand," She smiled, "Since some people have been killing demons in the abyss non-stop," she glared back at Cain.

"A win is a win, and you should have the chaos portfolio now," Amaterasu smiled, "The chaotic dragon of purgatory, Tiamat,"

Sofia looked at her palm, sensing the portfolio, "It's anything that is chaotic, the raw nature of the untamed magic." She sighed, "I feel bad taking it,"

"I called Shub here since I wanted you to take that portfolio," Amaterasu smiled.

"It was the thing making her children deformed in the first place," Lilia smiled.

"Wait! Are you saying this portfolio will deform my children?" Sofia growled, grabbing Amaterasu by the head.

"No, you don't have a birth-giving aspect like the pale night. At most, you will be able to give birth to the extinct types of dragons or create new ones. Like the cyan dragons." Amaterasu replied, and Sofia dropped her.

"You best not be lying," She growled.

FLICK! Amaterasu flicked her finger, and everyone returned.

Thud! Sofia sat on the ground, "That was painful," she growled.

"Are you okay?" Alice, Cain, Selena, Hati, and Gracie rushed at her.

"Yeah, my insides stopped hurting, and that's how I realized Shub gave up," Sofia replied, falling on her back, "Alice. Please give me a few healing spells," she cried.

Alice smiled, resting her palm on Sofia's forehead, "Of course,"

Cain grabbed Alice by the back of her neck and touched Sofia's stomach, "I will provide you both with magic," He said with a smile, "Heal her as much as you can,"

"Ah! Don't squeeze my neck too much," Alice gasped.