Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Amaterasu looked at Cain, smiling, "Is Sofia doing fine?"

"She's taking a nap," Cain stood, "What's the next fight?"

Amaterasu smiled, "Mystra against the daughter of Fenrir, Hati."

CRACK! The whole dimension started distorting. The white light turned into pure darkness as the gods panicked.

"Can you repeat that? You little girl." Lilia grabbed Amaterasu by the shoulder, glaring at her as reality melted.

"Mystra is facing no one," Lilia smiled, resting her hand on Amaterasu's throat, "Do you want her to take the eternity from Hati?"

"No, the opposite," Amaterasu replied, "I'm just setting the ranking battles and..."

CLICK! Lilia flicked her finger, and she and Amaterasu got flung into another world of existence, the one that Cain and Eilistraee fought in.

Thud! Amaterasu fell on her face, gasping as she stared at the sunless wasteland surrounding her, "Where am I?"

"My world," Lilia replied, sitting on a stone in the dark, "I'm the AO of this small enclosure, and yes, it also has suns, but I'm not getting them out,"

Amaterasu stood, giggling, "I never expected the difference between us to be this big," She glared at Lilia, "Why is an outsider like you, a being with its world seeking ours?"

"That's none of your concerns, little girl," Lilia smiled, waving her legs, "What you need to know is that I'm the one to take Mystra's portfolio,"

Amaterasu smiled, "You're outsider. You have no power over our portfolios, that's why you need to go through all that trouble instead of snatching it," She stood, facing Lilia.

"The world is falling apart, and I can't hold it since I'm an outsider." Lilia smiled, "I want to save what AO created, but for that, I need someone strong to do it,"

"Cain Lisworth, you want to give him Mystra's portfolio," Amaterasu realized, "It wasn't AO toying with time and fate. It was you all along?"

Lilia smiled, "I'm a tool to AO. You could say he's the one dictating what I do," Lilia jumped from the stone. And approached Amaterasu, "Chad is chosen of AO, not Cain. In the end, he's the one who walked past the gate and took control of the world,"

"I don't need your explanations. This world belongs to its inhabitants, a being like you can't decide for it," Amaterasu growled.

"Listen. When the house owner left, the rats thought they own the place. You can't blame the neighbor for coming to kill them," Lilia flew back, sitting on the stone, and her body expanded to that of a mature woman, "Chad can't take the madness behind the gate. Chad taking the rule is impossible. Unless you want to shatter the world," Lilia glared at Amaterasu, "I'm the one who guards the gate. I decided who opens the gate. I'm the gate, and the key to the gate. I'm the knowledge behind the gate, what you should never see of the gate."

She started floating, "I'm but a tool made by AO to entertain him. And make sure the world lives behind him. I'm the shackles and the wall between reality and dreams."

Lilia glared down at Amaterasu, "Outside the ordered universe is that amorphous blight of nethermost confusion which blasphemes and bubbles at the center of all infinity. The boundless creator of all that is, and all that was or will, Azathoth. Whose name no lips dare speak aloud, Except the laughing guardian of the gate. Who gnaws hungrily in inconceivable, unlighted chambers beyond time and space, amidst the muffled, maddening, beating of vile drums, and the thin monotonous whine of accursed flutes."

"Shut up! AO isn't dead. He will one day comes back," Amaterasu shouted.

"He is locked behind the gate, sleeping for all eternity. You don't know anything about him, and you better not. That's a forbidden knowledge to all the world," Lilia touched her lips, "I say that, but Cain is the only one who should be able to learn of it and not go mad,"

"What should only I be able to learn?" Thud! Cain appeared behind Lilia, his eyes glowing with deep blue light, "Getting here was a pain,"

Lilia stared at Cain, smiling, "We were just talking about an old friend. AO, you know him, right?"

Cain floated down, and so did Lilia. They both stood facing Amaterasu, "The one who created the world," Cain said.

Lilia smiled, "His original title was the nuclear chaos. Just let that sink in," Lilia stuck close to Cain, "Was he really the benevolent being you all know? Is his return all that nice?"

"He is," Amaterasu growled.

"Oh, please. A newborn star like you can't know shit. How many suns do you think exist in the world? Your radiance barely illuminates a spec of the dust of what AO created," Lilia rubbed her face on Cain's chest, "You get stronger, build your kingdom across the whole world, a great magic empire." She licked his chest with a red face.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"When your influence spread across the cosmos, and when even gods pray to you, only then you should be strong enough to glare at what AO was," Lilia said with a smile.

"What are you doing?" Amaterasu glared at Lilia, "You're crazy!" She growled,

Cain sighed, "She's right. Can you stop licking me?"

"She just doesn't know," Lilia kept licking Cain's chest, "It's only been a few months since you started growing. If she could only see you in a year, a decade, or a century from now, she would drop to the ground begging to stand by your side,"

"I would never," Amaterasu growled, turning around.

"Do what you like, and I do what I want," Lilia smiled, "Even though Cain is me what an ant is to you in power, I know that my place is beneath him. That was my forbidden knowledge,"

"What?" Cain gasped, glaring at Lilia.

"Yeah," Lilia smiled, "You will grow stronger quickly, and my power will soon fade in your shadow," Lilia sighed, "Most people would go made knowing that all of their power and might is worth nothing, but at least to me it seemed interesting, so I survived knowing,"

Each person has his forbidden knowledge, some things that must never learn about. Lilia was the strongest existence, yet even she has a forbidden knowledge.

What Lilia shouldn't have learned is that someone will surpass her by a landslide. It's the knowledge and understanding that all of her power only set her as second and that her only way of survival in the future, and the safety of the world is to prove herself as an obedient pawn to that powerful being from the start before he could reach his peak.

Lilia laughed, "Ever since the start of time, I was but a tool, a slave to those above me," She stared at Cain, "First AO, and then thousands of slaves across all of my reincarnations, and my final resting place is below you, I could never feel freedom, albeit have far more power than anyone else,"

"You're talking as if I'm ordering you around," Cain sighed, "You're free to do what you like,"

Lilia shook her head, "I'm doing what the future you will be happy with." She smiled, "I'm teaching my slaver. So he can enslave me. That's my whole purpose in life,"

"What are you two talking about?" Amaterasu sighed, "I will cancel the fight between Hati and Mystra, are you okay with that?"

Lilia smiled, "Yeah, Mystra won't fight yet," She replied, glaring at Amaterasu, "I have a last question for you, a warning, and an offer,"

"What is it? Monster," Amaterasu glared at Lilia with scorn.

"I will start with the offer," Lilia smiled, "Kiss Cain's feet now, and I promise that we will help you in the future," She smiled.

Thud! Cain chopped Lilia's head, "What are you talking about,"

"Are you crazy? Kiss them yourself," Amaterasu replied.

"For the warning, when AO is fading, they would try to invade again. The abominable primordial that plagued the start of the world," Lilia smiled, licking Cain's chest as of she owned it, and he tried to push her away.

Amaterasu stopped, glaring back at Lilia, "Those monsters are extinct. They will never return." She growled.

Lilia smiled, looking at Cain's face, "They are coming, and we have to fight them off," She then looked at Amaterasu.

"This is my question to you. You know that if you didn't stand with him in his weakness. You don't deserve him at his strength?" Lilia smiled, "You will regret it in the future,"

"Hurry and get us back to the arena," Amaterasu growled, "I have no time to listen to you, monster,"

Lilia stared at Amaterasu with a sad face, "That's the second time you called me a monster. I will remember it. And then remind you when you come begging for help,"

"Can you let her alone?" Cain stared at Lilia, "Why do you keep insisting? Let her be,"

Lilia smiled, "Because," She looked at Amaterasu, "I like all the girls, even the ones still bitching around like her,"