Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Cain landed in the arena with Lilia and Amaterasu beside him, "What happened?" Sofia Selena rushed to him.

"Nothing. Lilia and Amaterasu almost started a quarrel," Cain replied.

Amaterasu flew to the sky, "The daughter of the Fenrir, the beast of the end time, the eternal bedrock of the world, Hati and Skoll Glippir!"

Hati walked forward, nervous.

"And facing her!" Amaterasu shouted.

Mystra lifted her staff and stood, getting ready to fight.

"The queen of the undeath and dancer of the underworld. The beast's only sister, Hel!" Amaterasu shouted, and Mystra gasped, "Wait! Wasn't this my fight?"

Amaterasu glared down, "She will kill you," she pointed at Lilia.

Lilia waved her hand at Mystra with a smile, "Thank me later!" she mocked her.

Ting! A droplet of blood fell from the sky, and from it, a woman emerged, glaring at Hati with her bloodied eyes.

"You look so thin. Are you dead?" She smiled, shifting her gaze toward Cain, "I'm more interested in him. I can smell death from here," She wiggled with a smile.

"You're facing me," Hati growled, glaring at Hel.

Hel smiled, "You aren't fun. I love the scent of death and rot. Your youth is eternal. It's disgusting to look at," She pinched her nose, hushing Hati away.

"You're stinky one," Hati pulled the eternal blade from her palm, "Prepare to die,"

Hel glared back, bored, "I'm already dead, and even if I was alive, this isn't a fight to kill," She sighed, "I guess brother's descendants are as stupid as he was," She looked down, a sad glare on her face.

Hati walked forward, but Hel sighed again, glaring at Amaterasu, "Send more, will die,"

Hati took a stance, pointing her sword at the queen of the undeath, "You dare underestimate me, do as you like, but let's see what you can achieve," BAM! Hati rushed forward, swinging her sword at Hel.

Hel didn't move. She just glared at Hati with a bored face.

CLANG! The eternal sword got flung away from Hati's hand, and her body split in half from head to crotch as she fell apart in a pool of blood. "How sad, my brother's descendants lost all their might," Hel started tearing up blood. Rest in peace.

Hel wiped her tears, approaching Hati's corpse, "Or so should I say, but I can't kill you here. Otherwise, he would ravage me to dust," She glared in Cain's direction.

BAM! She kicked Hati's halves together, and the blood stuck them in shape, "Consider yourself lucky. Call for help," Hel walked away, flicking her finger and creating a throne of blood. She sat with one leg on the other, glaring ahead with a bored face.

"You there, white hair," She looked at Cain, "Can we play together a bit," She waved her hand.

Alice rushed to heal Hati, and Sofia stood there beside them, confused, "Even I didn't see her move," She growled.

Thud! Cain landed beside them, "Hel didn't move. She cut Hati with her own blood," He looked at Hel, "Hel, or should I say the red eyes, Akame?"

Hel smiled, "So you know about me," She smiled.

"The queen of the undeath, your rule over zombies, skeletons, ghosts, vampires, ghouls, wraiths, and everything in those lines," Cain approached her. And then looked toward Amaterasu, "Instead of Mystra, you chose something just as nasty,"

"Have a problem with it?" Amaterasu glared at him.

"Of course, but I won't press you," He smiled, glaring back at Hel, "I doubt many people here could hold their own against Akame herself,"

"Akame," Hel smiled, "I haven't heard that name in thousands of years,"

Hel stood, "Fine, besides Father Loki, you're the only one who used that name more than once before dying,"

"I only heard about you from Master, Lilia. She is there," He pointed back to Lilia was playing with a tiny blue orb of light, "Did you call me?" She looked toward Cain and Akame.

"Let's leave that thing outside our talk," Akame looked at Cain, "Say, care to play with me?"

"Play with the strongest necromancer, vampire, and all that is undead?" Cain laughed, "How could we play?"

Akame licked her lips, "I can smell your blood from here. It's driving me crazy," She giggled, hugging herself, "I want to suck your blood, tie, and slowly drink you like a spider enjoying her meal,"

Cain sighed, tilting his head, "Forget it. You aren't close enough to me so I allow you to do that,"

Thud! Hati stood, Glaring at Cain and Akame, "I'm not done yet," She growled, leaning on the eternal sword with her nine tails extended.

Akame stared at Hat with a disappointed face, "You still stand?" She sighed, "I killed and let you live. Don't you know I can not heal you?"

"I'm not done yet," Hati growled.

Akame sighed, approaching Cain, "Hear me Cain," She said, looking at him with a disappointed face, "Do you know that a Fenrir was a great wolf?" She asked.

"I know," Cain replied, looking away as he understood what she was about to say,

"Do you know that rough gems need to be grounded? Did you know that blades need to be hammered and sharpened?" Akame poked Cain's face.

"I know," He sighed.

"Then why didn't you beat this idiot?" Akame pointed at Akame, "I'm sure you knew she only learns by getting beaten," She sighed, "That girl needs to fight and get beaten badly or she will never learn,"

"Do you want me to beat her to death over and over?" Cain looked away.

"Yes! She needs battle experience, not just training that won't get her anywhere," Akame replied.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Cain didn't respond.

"Fine, let's make a deal." Akame smiled, "I will train her for you, and you let me suck your blood until I'm full,"

"Full is an abstract word," Cain looked at Akame, "How much take to fill you up?"

"I drank the blood of about one million demons at once and never felt sated," Akame replied.

Cain imagined the bloodshed, that would be a disaster. "I don't have enough blood for that," He sighed, and Aria emerged from the side, leaning her arm on Akame.

"Cain, can I talk with her?" Aria said with a smile.

"You're already out. What's holding you back," Cain replied.

Aria smiled, looking at Lilia, "Can you send us away?"

Lilia looked toward Aria, "Remember it," She flicked her finger and sent Akame and Aria to her private world.

Thud! Aria and Akame stared at each other.

"Two white-haired girls, except one has red eyes and blue eyes," Akame smiled, opening her arms.

Aria smiled, "But that's where the similarities end for now," She approached Akame.

"So, what's the deal?" Akame asked.

Aria flicked her finger, creating a stone table and two chairs. The two sat facing each other as they started talking.

"You want Cain's blood, and I want your power," Aria explained, "I want you to not just train Hati and Skoll, I hate two maids, a dragon, and even more people needing someone with your skills,"

"It's all about what you can pay," Akame smiled, "I already showed my interest in Cain's blood,"

Aria smiled, "You're mainly a vampire, and secondly and undead," She looked at Aria, "What do you think of Cain's necromancy powers right now?"

Akame licked her lips, "They are amazing. I bet he would be a great necromancer in the future. I might even fall for him,"

Aria smiled, "How about you start now?"

Akame looked at Aria, "You know you're talking to the strongest necromancer, right?"

"And you know you're talking to a part of Cain," Aria smiled, "Submit, and I will provide you with love, care, and blood,"

Akame flicked her finger, conjuring a wine glass filled with blood, and she started sipping, "I need to think about it,"

Aria smiled, cutting her finger with her nail, and show the blood drop to Akame, "Smell it. What do you think?"

Akame looked at Aria and then sniffed the blood. Her head almost went blank in an instant, and she stumbled back.

"What?" Akame returned to her senses.

"Did you like it?" Aria said with a smile, glaring at Akame.

"How is it that dense?" Akame gasped, "I knew his blood was strong, but not like this,"

Aria smiled, "You smelled his blood when he was relaxed," She waved her palm, "This blood is from when's fighting," She then cut another of her finger, "This blood is from his true body,"

Akame hesitated to smell it, "His true body? What difference could it make,"

"Come on, smell it," Aria pushed her finger toward Akame, and she fell on the ground giggling, hallucinating. After a few minutes, Akame returned to her senses.

"What do you think?" Aria asked, and Akame looked away. "You don't have any thing to say?"

"I admit, his blood is far better that I expected," Akame sighed, "But I still won't,"

Aria smiled, "Is till have two another offers," She glared at Akame, "Fresh blood from his original bones, want to try it?"