Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Akame stared at Aria, "Fresh blood from his bones,"

Aria smiled, "Do you want it? I could even get a skeleton made from his bones. So you can use it,"

Akame stumbled back, dropping her chair, "What? You can't do that!"

Aria smiled, "Yes, I can," She waved her head, "But I wonder if I should," She opened her palm, and a skeleton appeared.

"This is," Akame gasped, feeling the magic oozing from the skeleton's bones.

"This one is made of Cain's bones. For a vampire like you. There is nothing above this," Aria smiled,

"Give it to me. Know much do you want?" Akame didn't want to pass on such a thing, "I will teach them. Hand it over,"

Aria smiled, "Teaching? That's only worth the regular blood. Or a little of his true blood," She approached Akame, cupping her face, "What I want is submission, complete unwavering submission,"

"What are you talking about?" Akame pushed Aria's hands away, "That a bigger talk than a mere archon should say,"

Thud! Aria grabbed Akame's face again, "Archon?" She smiled, "Notice: I'm no Archon. I'm a part of Cain." Her voice changed, "I'm him, but less reserved,"

"Let me go!" Akame growled.

"I want you. And I'm gonna have you," Aria said with a smile, "Now, we can do it the easy way. Or the hard way,"

"Who's going to submit to you?" Akame growled, trying to cut Aria's arm, but she failed.

"I'm not giving you an option. I'm giving you a chance to get compensated if you agreed on your own," Aria smiled, "You're going to train them. You're going to submit no matter what."

BAM! BAM! BAM! Akame kicked Aria in the guts twice, but she didn't budge.

"It's either you lick my feet and get blood in exchange, or I'm going to shove it in your mouth, and you get nothing back," Aria said with a smile.

"Fine, let me go. We can talk," Akame sighed, and Aria let her go.

Akame fell on her butt, panting as she looked at Aria, "You're a monster,"

"Did you just realize that?" Aria sat back in her chair, and so did Akame.

"Fine, if I'm going to be forced into service, I prefer to be compensated," Akame sighed.

Aria stared at her with a smug smile, "Can I assume you're completely obedient? If not, I would have to chain you up."

"I'm happy to hear that," Aria moved her chair to the side, "Start by licking my feet,"

"Hell no!" Akame shouted.

"We're all alone here. You can do it, right?" Aria waved her foot, "You know you can't beat me. And that if you don't it willingly, I will shove it in your mouth." She smiled.

Akame looked around, "You're a sick woman," She went on her knees, licking Aria's feet.

"That's it! That's it," Aria smiled, "Care to lick me up here?" She touched between her legs.

"Know your limits!" Akame growled.

Aria sighed, "Fine, this is enough," She flicked her fingers, "You can have the skeleton,"

Akame stood, approaching the skeleton and touching it with a smile.

"Say," Aria called her, "Are you sure you won't lick me? You will regret it,"

"I won't," Akame glared back at her. And then at the skeleton, "As long as I have this," she smiled.

"Listen," Aria said, "I'm warning you one last time. You will regret not licking me. You do have a few minutes, don't you,"

Akame ignored Aria and absorbed the skeleton, throwing her own. "Ah! Being an undead is the best. Good old bones welcome new ones," She smiled, stretching her arms, "AHHHH!" She then moaned, feeling the fresh blood rush in her veins from the bones.

Akame fell on her butt, wiggling with a smile on her face, "I might get addicted to this. How could such blood exist," She mumbled.

Thud! Thud! Thud! Aria walked beside her, "You liked it?"

Akame looked up at Aria's butt, "Yeah, those bones are amazing,"

Aria then looked at her, "I warned you enough. But I will give one last one. I want to see how obedient you can be, so please show me,"

"Just let me enjoy this for a moment," Akame growled.

Aria looked down at her, "Your answer will determine how I will treat you from now on. I want to pee. Care to drink it?"

Akame stared at Aria for a moment. "No..." She first said no, but then it started to click in her head, "Wait," She grabbed Aria's leg as she stood, "Please let me drink it,"

Aria smiled, taking her pants down, "You will drink it each day,"

"Forever," Akame replied.

After a short moment, Aria pulled her pants up, "That's what I like to hear. Yes for everything," She helps Akame stand.

"I won't drink it?" Akame asked.

"Nah, that was just a test. There is no need for me to have you do it here," Aria scratched her head, "But, you might have one day,"

"So they are not just tests," Akame asked.

"Just keep in mind, if you got a strange request from me or Cain, or any of his wives, say yes, or refer to Cain himself or me for help." She then smiled, "Otherwise, do whatever you're told,"

Akame stood, patting the dust from her shoulders, "You're a rough mistress to have,"

Aria smiled, "You got something worth it, and as long as you're obedient we won't bother you much,"

"Is that so?" Akame sighed, "I bet you will work me to the bones you gifted,"

"Of course, we will," Aria smiled, "There is a secret about those bones I didn't tell you about,"

Akame stared at Aria, "You are really a handful," She kissed Aria's foot, "Can you tell me now?"

Aria smiled, and Akame stood and started dancing.

"Wait! What is happening?" Akame gasped, unable to control her body.

"I have full control over you now that you have Cain's bones inside you," Aria smiled, "Even the blood that flows in your veins belongs to him. You're a mere doll to me now,"

"You tricked me!" Akame growled while dancing.

Aria looked at her with a smile, "Not at all," She cupped her face, "This is my way of making sure you don't harm anyone,"

"No way!" Akame cried.

"You won't survive without Cain's bones from now on. Enjoy your life," Aria smiled, giving control back to Akame, "I won't force you to do anything as long as you're willing, or provide a decent reason."

Akame fell to her knees, gasping for air even though she didn't need to breathe, "Can I call you a monster?"

"You can call me whatever you like. I learned from Master Lilia that it doesn't matter what people call you," Aria smiled.

Akame glared at Aria, "You sneaky bitch," she growled.

"By the way," Aria smiled, "I might not get angry if you insult me, but Cain could. Cain also won't get angry if you insulted him, but I would,"

Akame stood, "Fine, fine," She sighed, "I give up. It's my loss. Do whatever you like,"

"We will get back now. Act as you usually do until we get some private time," Aria said, sending a message to Lilia to pull them out.

ZON! Aria and Akame appeared again, staring at the gods, "We're back!" Aria waved her hand to Lilia and Cain.

"Did you finish?" Lilia asked.

"Yeah, I convinced her," Aria smiled, "Did you decide on the next fight?"

Cain sighed, "It almost turned into a fight here," He looked back at the girls, "Hati and Skoll insisted to fight, but they just aren't strong enough. The power difference is wide,"

Lilia nodded, "They are strong, no doubt about it. But Akame is on a whole other level. I would expect someone like Cain, Gracie, or Sofia to fight her," She smiled, looking at Akame, "What do you say?"

Akame looked away, "I can't decide anything about that," She shoved the question away.

Lilia smiled. She and Cain were watching Aria and Akame inside the world. They knew She couldn't go all out against Hati or Skoll now.

Amaterasu floated down, glaring at Cain and the girls, "I will pick one if you don't,"

Cain stared at her, "We already picked a new one. We told you,"

Lilia shook her arm, "Yes, yes! Don't underestimate her!"

Amaterasu looked back, "Are you sure? You went from wear. To bit not as weak,"

Lilia smiled, "Don't tell me you can't feel it." She floated beside Amaterasu and glared at her, "You seem to be underestimating us more than you should be,"

Amaterasu sighed, "She's weak in front of Hel. She won't stand a chance,"nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Lilia smiled, staring at Hel, "Akame Hel, go all out. Otherwise, you will be one laying dead,"

Akame gulped, glaring at the girl facing her. She couldn't feel anything special, but she must be careful. Otherwise, she would end up like what happened with Aria.

Thud! Thud! "I'm fighting-nya! I'm fighting-nya!" Selena walked forward, spinning her right arm with her tail wiggling, "Nice to meet you-nya!" She said with a smile, looking at Akame with a happy face.