Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Selena approached Akame with a smile, spinning her right arm, "I'm going to fight-nya,"

Akame stared at Selena, 'Who is this woman? A rakshasa, what is one of those doing here?' She lifted her hand, "I don't want to kill you, so please fight this," With her words, a skeleton stood, drenched in blood.

A steel armor covered the skeleton as his flesh quickly formed, "GRWAAAAAAAAAAA!" The undead monster growled,

Selena blinked, staring at Akame and the undead, "Of course-nya,"

She bent down, going all four as she assumed a running start form, looking forward with a smile. CLENSH! The muscles slowly appeared on her soft-looking skin, and the claws of her feet extended into the ground to give her grip, CRACK! Her muscles burst into action like a spring, propelling her body forward.

The undead knight saw Selena rushing at him. He swung his sword down. CLANG! He only hit the ground. Selena was nowhere to be found.

CRACK! The undead knight stumbled to the side, leaning on his sword, "What?" Akame gasped, seeing the knight missing a leg.

"Where did she go?" Akame looked around.

BAM! A fist landed on Akame's ear, delivering enough power to send her flying.

THUD! BAM! CRACK! Akame rolled on the ground, crashing into a few stones before standing on her feet, grasping her ear. "Damn it! I said you fight the knight," She growled, looking around but still couldn't find Selena, "Where did she go?"

*****

In the back, Cain almost burst laughing.

Selena approached Akame from the back, slowly and steadily. Making sure she stays in her blind spot. Selena's footsteps were silent, and she didn't use any magic, so detecting her was almost impossible until the last moment. This is one of the reasons the gods underestimated. They can't feel any magic from her.

Thud! Thud! BAM! Selena stood five feet behind Akame, accelerating instantly and punching her in the side.

"GAH!" Akame gasped, feeling her internal burst as her body flew. Her bones didn't break as they belonged to Cain, but she would have taken more damage in her original bones.

Thud! Akame stood, glaring around. "Not again! Where did she go?" BAM! She pulled a staff and smacked it on the ground, "Undead knights," She surrounded herself with ten knights.

"GAH!" The knights looking at the back gasped, seeing Selena standing there. "GAH! GAH!"

Akame turned around, looking where the knights pointed. Selena wasn't there. She already moved away.

"I see, you're staying behind me," Akame smiled, "I admit, you're smart," BLOP! Two eyes emerged on the back of Akame's head, "I can see you now!" Akame growled, but she saw something strange.

Large teeth and a spiked tongue, droll, and utter darkness, "CRUSNH!" Selena bit Akame's head off the moment she saw her, letting her body fall to the ground.

"This hurt-nya!" Selena growled as Akame's head evaporated, and her teeth cracked.

BAM! Akame regrew her head. Thankfully the bones are bound to her soul now, and she can get healed. 'I have never been so thankful to be an undead. She almost took me off,'

Selena stood in the back, cupping her jaw with sad eyes, "My fangs, what are those bones?"

Akame glared at Selena in shock, 'She bites Cain's bones off? Those unbreakable bones oozing with magic,' She pointed her staff at Selena, 'This girl is dangerous,'

Selena closed her eyes, "Like this-nya," Her body glowed with a faint golden light as her teeth healed, "Better-nya, thanks-nya!" Her tail wiggled.

****

Amaterasu looked at Cain, "That's Alice's holy magic. Selena is cheating,"

"Akame has my bones, and what Selena is was already inside her when the fight started," Cain replied.

"You're right," Amaterasu sighed, "But she will get exhausted soon. Raw physical power won't get her far with an immortal undead that doesn't get tired,"

Cain smiled, "Selena is a witch," He looked at Amaterasu, "All of my wives are. I made sure to enchant all of their nails and drill the basics into their bodies,"

****

𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Selena looked at Akame. CRACK! Lightning started flashing from her claws, "Biteing your head is painful. I won't do it again-nya," Selena clenched her fist, "I will bash your skull instead-nya," SWOSH! SWOSH! She started shaking her hand up and down, "Bash-nya! Bash-nya!"

"What are you?" Akame growled, "No, a rakshasa with such might, a Maharaja!"

"What-nya? I heard of that before, but I don't know what it mean-nya," Selena glared at Akame, "Cain asked me to beat you, and I will do it-nya,"

Akame growled, "You aren't taking this seriously. Do you think we're playing here to fight since he asked you?"

Selena glared at Akame, "Of course-nya. He finally asked me to hunt for him. I couldn't be happier-nya,"

Akame started to feel sweat dripping from her back, 'It's strange. This doesn't feel like a fight,' She started to realize.

"Prey is Prey-nya," Selena smiled, taking a stance.

'I see. She doesn't see this as a fight,' Akame gasped inside, 'To her, this is a mere hunt, and I'm her prey.' Akame lifted her palm, conjuring a massive scythe from her blood.

"I will cut you in half. Let's hope they can keep you alive," Akame growled.

Selena's eyes sparkled, "Large blood thingy! I've seen Ellie use it-nya," BAM! She bent forward and lunged with [Thunder Step]

"Is she a vampire strong enough to create a scythe from her blood?" Akame swung her scythe down at Selena's head.

At that moment, Selena was remembering the time she played with Ellie. 'This scythe is a weapon, but its sharpness doesn't matter,' Selena thought, tightening her muscles the moment she saw Akame's eyes twitch a bit.

'Now-nya' She screamed inside her head, accelerating even further,

BAM! The scythe hit Selena's head and shattered as she crashed into Akame, sending her rolling away.

"GAH!" Akame gasped as Selena's crashed into her guts.

"How?" She growled, and Selena stood, bleeding from her nose and ears, "It worked-nya. Ellie was right-nya," Selena smiled.

****

"She survived that?"

Cain smiled, "That was the same attack that took Hati out," He looked at Alice, "That scythe cut people by using their own blood from the inside out. Selena accelerated at the last moment, pushing her blood back and disturbing it so Akame couldn't control it,"

Sofia sat on the ground cross-legged, "But she still hurt herself, look at her,"

"Yeah," Alice said, "Accelerating like that can kill people. It won't be good for her to do it a lot,"

****

"A devil, you rakshasa never change," Akame growled, frustrated that her power didn't work.

"Alice said that devils are descendants of fallen angels. Does that mean there was a god of beast people beside Fenrir-nya?" Selena asked, glaring at Akame with glowing golden eyes.

Akame took a step back, finding the glow in Selena's eyes disturbing.

"Who was it-nya?" Selena smiled, an eldritch flame burning in her eyes, "If I knew, would I be able to use powers like Alice-nya?"

"There is no god that supports your kind," Akame growled, flying into the sky where Selena can't reach her, "We don't care how twisted the betrayers descendants get. We only eradicate their influence from the world,"

****

"Boooo! Said an undead queen!" Lilia started booing Akame, "Do your best, Selena!"

Thud! Moradin stepped forward, "Ravanna, a demon in the name of devils,"

"Moradin!" Amaterasu glared at Moradin.

"Ravanna was a good drinker. We used to enjoy drinks at the forge. The bastard always broke his spears and had me fix them for him," Moradin smiled.

Mystra glared at Moradin, "Shut up! Dwarf god!" She pointed her staff at him, "Don't speak about that bastard in front of us,"

"Let him speak! Let him speak," Lilia smiled, jumping from Cain's shoulders and approaching Moradin, "We short people must get alone, tell them, wine barrel,"

Moradin stopped, staring at Lilia, "Did you just insult me?" He then sighed, "Ravanna was the god of hunt, savageness, and wilderness. A multi-headed, multi-armed beastman with a head of each animal," Moradin walked closer to Lilia as if seeking protection, "He was the only one who supported his angels who rebelled. He said they have the right to choose their prey, even if that was other gods. As you might expect, the other gods didn't like that and ended him quickly,"

"Multi-headed and Multi-armed? That sounds like Asura," Cain said, approaching them.

Moradin looked at Cain, "Humans are animals as well. Ravanna was Asura's grandfather,"

Selena smiled, "So, the rakshasa's god was called Ravanna." She took a stance, "A hunt to my husband in the name of the hunt god Ravanna," She glared at Akame.

"He's long dead," Amaterasu growled, "He's the only fallen god, and praying to him won't bring anything,"

Cain looked at Amaterasu and smiled, "You don't seem to understand what praying is, goddess of the sun who only gets her prayers from stale beings. Humans rarely prayed for you until Takeshi and his party revived your temples in the east,"

"Let her be," Lilia smiled, "She isn't wrong. Praying to Ravanna won't bring anything. She will never understand. Mortals don't pray to gods. They only seek help,"