Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

"Show me what you can do!" Akame screamed, conjuring a staff and summoning an army of death knights, "I'm the queen of the undead, reach if you can,"

Selena smiled, running forward as fast as she could.

The death knights took formation. The soldiers ran forward with the spearmen behind. Swosh! They thrust from behind the shields.

BAM! Selena ducked below the spear, punching the shielders away.

Akame watched from the sky, her undead army was unable to keep Selena in one place. She was far faster and stronger than any undead she could conjure.

"GAW!" Selena rushed across the battlefield, punching death knights like they were mere dolls, their blades couldn't scratch her skin, and neither could their bows.

BAM! Selena looked up, seeing Akame flying. So she jumped as hard as she could, reaching the undead queen.

Akame pulled her scythe and smacked Selena back down, "Don't even try, you can't fly. Nor use magic to bring me down,"

GAH! Selena gasped as she fell between the undeads, bleeding. Akame's attack damaged their blood directly, tearing her veins. And making it harder to breathe.

Selena stood, coughing blood, "It's pooling in my lungs,"

Thud! Thud! Thud! One of the death knights rushed forward, swinging his great sword at Selena's neck. CRACK! She bites the blade, shattering it.

CRACK! With a single downward smack, Selena punched the death knight's head inside his torso.

"I'm getting irritated-gaw," She started growling. The hair on her arms started to grow, and her bones seemed to shift.

Akame glared down, "Taking a beast form? How would that help you here?" But she soon swallowed her words as Selena's size kept growing. She was the size of a cow, and then a bit larger and larger, black lightning started crackling from her fur, burning the undeads close to her.

"What are you?" Akame growled, pointing her scythe down, [Blood Rain] She sent hundreds of blood spikes.

*****

Back in the ninth layer of hell, the Maharaja, Selena's other self stared at the sky, "You want to hunt? Beast of the world," She said, looking down at her scar-filled body, torn ears, and tail. She opened her palm, staring at an old, mummified pair of hands.

"Cain Lisworth, I'm the last one to understand what he was," She said with a sad smile, "As to me, he was nothing more than my mate and husband. I didn't care about his power, wealth, or influence as long as we got to hunt, eat, and sleep together," She threw her hands in the sky.

"I don't need those anymore. Take them and make sure to not fall as low as me," She stood, "And if you seek answers, hurry and come here. Alice would explain everything,"

CRACK! A large Ice spike fell from the dark sky, "Hoi! Hoi!" A man with a thin black beard, glowing blue eyes, and frost raging from his body smiled. "How are you going to stop me without them? You will die,"

"Who said I need them? I have no right to hold only them. You won't get to Alice," Selena growled, extending her claws.

"You girls are really painful to deal with," Silver sighed, scratching his hair, "Father was never a good man in hour times. Can't you forget the bastard?"

"And you want to end it all?" Selena growled.

"Who wouldn't want to? This world is rotten. Do you really think that man can keep it in shape? I don't believe it after what happened to us, Mother died alone, crying on ice, and he never came to her rescue, seeking his own failure," Silver conjured a spear of ice.

"He said to not follow him. It's her own mistake," Selena growled, "He would have lived had he come to save her. He would have lived had he taken you all with him. He would have saved us all if he cared about the steel lizard and that accursed witch." Silver pointed his spear at Selena, "I will take his corpse and clear the divine world from the gods with his essence. A world with multiple gods can never find peace. You know that, god eater!"

Selena closed her eyes, "I agree that only one god should exist. Gods always fought and brought demise to the world, but killing them all in one go is a bad idea,"

"Listen to yourself! You said it. They fight against each other, kill each other, and drag us mortals into their conflict," Silver growled, "Look at you, look at Alice, look at everyone! And what happened to mother? Do you think the gods cared about her, about her belief? To them, we're mere tools,"

Silver's soul expanded as the magic rushing in his veins grew, "Free will is a myth. Religion is a joke. The gods are clowns, and we're their stupid audience." Nessus started freezing, "AO, the all mighty originator, he shaped our world, our land, culture, and existence."

Selena growled, clenching her fist, "I shall freeze the heavens, as he won't return until his seat is cleaned,"

****

As Selena's titanic black jaguar body expanded, two hands fell from the sky, shocking the gods as they flashed with black lightning.

"That's!" Amaterasu growled, flying toward the hands as fast as she could, "An artifact, no, a shard," She extended her hand, trying to catch them.

"HOI!" A voice growled.

Lilia stumbled, feeling the power gets sucked from her body like crazy, "Come on, no wonder your girls never learned. You also use my magic like it's candy," She fell to her knees, gasping.

Kayden in the mortal world sighed, "Fine, I agreed," He sat on the ground, closing his eyes.

The succubus in the abyss saw the tentacles in the dungeons go limp, and they could feel Cain's aura fading from the realms.

CRACK! Cain's foot stomped Amaterasu's face, sending her back to the ground. "Those are going to Selena," Cain growled, landing with a step on Amaterasu's face, "What are you doing?" Cain glared down at her.

Amaterasu glared at Cain, "I got enough of you," Her body flashed with a bright light, and the gods turned around to run as she was about to blast the whole place.

"Are you the one behind everything?" Cain said, pushing her head to the ground and stopping her magic.

THUD! Amaterasu grabbed Cain's foot. "Do you think I will let you insult us?" She set him ablaze, burning him with plasma.

CRACKLE! Her flames faded. They merely burned Cain's clothes, leaving him stepping on her face naked.

"Answer my question," Cain stared down, "You called us here since we were getting too strong for you to deal with. You want to take us down before we could get out of your control,"

"That isn't true. That artifact is dangerous. We don't know its origin," Amaterasu growled, her voice muffled by Cain's foot.

"An artifact that grants a portfolio to whoever gets it, that's something dangerous to you, but useful to me," Cain glared at her.

"It's dangerous to us all," Amaterasu growled.

BAM! The fight in the back started. Selena jumped in her titanic body trying to bite Akame, and she did, swallowing her whole.

CRACK! Selena landed but quickly fell on her side. BAM! Akame cut her way out, sighting, "I got her. That was scary," she was shaking.

Cain just stared, "Wait? Selena lost?"

Akame stared at Cain, "Sorry, I thought those hands would empower her, so I just went a bit crazy inside her," She looked at Selena, "They might have granted her something besides the power," She asked.

"See, I told you things were strange," Amaterasu growled. "I'm not trying to steal them from her. They just seemed to host a strange power. Take your foot off my face,"

Cain looked at Alice, "Heal Selena," Cain then removed his foot, and Amaterasu growled, "Care to apologize,"

Cain stared at her, "Hell no, you acted strange." Cain replied, resting his fists on his hips, "Next time, don't try to touch our stuff,"

Amaterasu glared at Cain with an angry face, "Big words for a naked man,"

"You keep looking at one place. Want some?" Cain glared at her, walking forward, "Try to touch any of my wives or steal their power. If I found you tinkering with any of their magic, I will not stop at stepping on your face,"

Cain walked away, and a mage robe covered his body.

Selune approached Amaterasu, "You should apologize," She said.

"Why me?" Amaterasu glared at her.

Selune stared at Amaterasu with a stunned face, "Listen, I know you," Selune. "That was the world eater shard. You wanted to take its power to eat and kill Lilia,"Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Amaterasu glared at Selune, "You know nothing,"

Selena grabbed Amaterasu by the shoulder, dragging her away, "Listen, there are multiple stars out in the universe. You aren't the only sun, nor the strongest. What if one of the black stars heard of Cain? You and us would swipe under the rug. We should stop this ignorance."

Amaterasu looked away, "You're wrong,"

"Listen, I know you rule this part of the mortal plane, this is your solar system," Selune, glared at her, "I'm a single fragment of your domain, but don't forget the other outside,"

"I won't. That's why we need to get stronger," Amaterasu growled.

"You never got stronger in the last thousand years, and he stepped on your face," Seleun stared at her, "If you care about this world, you should be begging him to help,"