Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Amaterasu glared at Selune. "I won't apologize. Cain should be the one to do it." She growled, walking to the arena.

"You will regret it," Selune flew to the arena and approached Cain.

Cain turned his head, glaring at Selune, "What do you need?"

Selune stepped back, gulping. "May we talk for a moment?"

"Yeah," Cain nodded, "What do you want?"

Selune looked around them, "Can we speak somewhere else?" Her eyes darted around, worried.

Cain flicked his finger, teleporting with Selune to the mansion. Thud! Cain landed sitting on the couch, scaring Lexi, who was swiping the floor.

"Master?" Lexi gasped, dropping the clothing in her hand and stepping back.

Cain lifted his hand, "Can you get us some tea? We will have a small talk here,"

Lexi's eyes darted between Cain and Selune, "Of course," She rushed to the kitchen.

Cain faced Selune, "So, what did you want to talk about?"

Selune bowed down, "First, I wanted to apologize in Amaterasu's stead. She's a hard-headed one."

"I know she wanted to steal the shard," Cain said, sending shivers down Selune's spine, "Did you think I won't notice?"

Selune bit her lips, "I don't have any words to say." She mumbled, "Please overlook this incident,"

TIP! TAP! TIP! TAP! Lexi brought the tea as fast as she could, "Master, tea is ready."

"Thank you," Cain took a sip from his cup as Lexi left the room.

"Fine, but I will keep an eye on her," Cain sighed, "If you want power, take it in battle."

"Huh?" A woman's voice came from behind Cain as a pair of udders rested on his head. "No begging, no punishments, and nothing?"

Selune gasped. The woman behind Cain was Chauntea, "What are you doing here?"

"I finished terraforming Gracie's layer, so I came here," Chauntea said with a smile.

Selune stared at Chauntea. "Amaterasu wasn't happy about you turning Malbolg into heaven."

Chauntea stared at Selune, "I know. But I did it anyway since Cain wanted it." Chauntea smiled, sitting beside Cain, "Look at my face."

Selune took a closer look at Chauntea's face. The wrinkle on her face had gotten less, and that wasn't magic.

"You're getting younger." Selune gasped.

Chauntea smiled and giggled, her lips curling as she rested her head on Cain's chest. "I've been using his divine magic for a while now, and you can see it working." She rubbed her head on his chest.

"You're making a god younger? No wonder Bahamut has been more energetic lately." Selune's eyes opened wide, and she stepped back, glaring at Cain.

Cain smiled, "Lilia is helping as well. Don't think it's my power alone."

"HEEE!" Chauntea sighed, "Even Lilia is working for you now. It's your power." She stared at Selune, "I'm serving him now. Send Amaterasu my regards."Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Selune took a deep breath, "I understand. You will meet her when it's time for you to fight." Selune shifted her gaze at Cain, "You're ruling over Umberlee's see now. Is that right?"

*****

Cain smiled, "You want me to take care of the tidal waves?"

Selune smiled, "Yes. Umberlee has been my friend since ancient times. Her domain will suffer without the waves,"

"Of course, I will take care of them. Feel free to pull on the sea," Cain smiled, "But I want you to keep an eye on Amaterasu. She's getting on my nerves each moment."

Selune looked around and approached Cain, "She fears your power." She said, putting her hand beside her cheek, "She knows you're getting stronger each moment. Star spawns could surpass the sun, and they are an unevolved form of Cthulhu."

Cain smiled, "She's getting desperate now that she knows she won't be the strongest for longer,"

Selune thought, "She knew Lilia was stronger. But I guess it's an insult that a human surpassed her."

"Is it an insult to you? The moon?" Cain glared at Selune's face.

Selune frowned, "I would have killed you if I could. To think a mere human had gotten over us." She growled and took a deep breath, "But I know when to give up,"

Chauntea smiled, "So? Will you work for Cain with me?"

Selune stared at Cain's face, standing. "I have to make sure Amaterasu doesn't do anything stupid again. For now, I have to remain by her side."

Chauntea sighed, "Come on," She glared at Cain, "Selune is strong. Pull her now,"

"I won't let her keep an eye on Amaterasu," Cain replied.

"But!" Chauntea cried, "I want to plant things on the moon,"

"So all you want to is to use me and her," Cain pushed Chauntea's face away, "Stop clinging to me,"

CRACK! Cain, Chauntea, and Selune looked at the door, and Jemima stood there. She dropped the sweets plates she brought the moment she saw Chauntea.

"Chauntea," She gasped, unable to breathe.

Cain stood, walking toward Jemima and carrying her to sit onto his lap. "Come on, get a hold of yourself," Cain sat, and Chantea asked. "Is she fine?"

"You're presence scared her." Cain pointed at Chauntea's necklace, "She's one of your believers,"

Cain opened his palm, transforming one of his fingers into a tentacle.

The tentacle crawled into Jemima's back end. It pushed to her stomach and released Cain's aura inside her. "It's your fault, Chauntea. Learn how to control your aura,"

Chauntea looked sad, "It isn't my fault. I'm getting stronger the younger I get." She sighed.

"I can't protect unpowered people from your aura if they stand too close. Let alone someone that believes in you."

Cain's aura filled Jemima's body from the inside out. It protected her from the scorching divine aura of the gods.

Jemima opened her eyes. Her head tingled as she felt something thick wiggling inside her butt. "What happened?"

"You passed out for a moment," Cain replied, and Jemima got to her senses.

"Master? What did you put inside me?" She cried, realizing that something moved inside her body.

****

Jemima bent forward, feeling the thick thing stretching her butt. She looked down, at a large purplish tentacle sneaked beneath her.

"That's my finger. You need it to stay awake." Cain replied with a smile, and Jemima glared around, "Take it off! Take off!" She cried, "Chauntea is watching, and this weird white woman as well,"

"Weird white woman?" Selune stared at her white clothes, hair, eyes, and pale skin. She was like the moon itself took a human shape, "I guess you aren't wrong," She sighed.

Cain smiled, patting Jemima's head, "Your soul will get snuffed by being this close to a god."

Selune approached Cain, "I will leave now, is there anything else I need to do?" She looked at Cain's face.

Cain noticed her eyes twitching a bit, "I'm not the one needing something. It's you."

Selune closed her eyes. Speaking with a shaking voice, "I want you to guarantee Amaterasu's safety. She's the last alive one of my friends,"

Cain looked away, "I can't guarantee that if she kept trying to steal power from us. But, I can find a solution,"

Selune's eyes opened wide, "Tell me about the shards,"

Selune took a deep breath, "They are parts of your body from a different life. Each of them holds a fragment of a power that you once held,"

Cain scratched his chin, "I expected as much. If the girls are around, that means me as well," He stared at Selune. "Wait, you don't mean?"

Selune went on her knees, "Please don't tell anyone that I'm the one who told you. Even now. You're body is growing stronger and getting more saturated with divine power. Any god would rather have your fingernail than a thousand believers,"

Chauntea giggled, wiggling her fingers to Selune, "Touch my hand," She smiled.

Selune touched Chauntea's hands, and her eyes opened wide. "You already surpassed Corellon and Moradin combined?" She gasped.

Chauntea smiled, "We three were equal. But now my power doubled."

"That is impossible. Even if you got a bit younger, that can't happen," Selune gasped.

"Well, there is a trick to it," Chauntea smiled, "I sucked him off once and had Lilia help me absorb it completely."

Selune started thinking. "No wonder Gracie became the mother of all life," She stared at Cain.

"How much divine power have you been pumping into them?" Selune asked with open eyes and shaking hands.

"Cain has been pumping her each day," Chauntea had a smug smile on her face, "How about you joining us? I can convince the girls to let you have a piece of Cain."

Selune shifted her gaze at Jemima, "Wait? How much does she have?" She gasped.

When Selune apprised Jemima. "She's ridiculous," Even though Jemima was still a weak mortal. The potential on her body has reached a terrifying level.

Jemima looked around, puzzled. Cain told her with a smile, "She says you have a lot of my power linked to you. More than what most gods have,"

"She's an artifact," Selune gasped.

"Cain! I heard you're here." Olivia walked on them in her underwear. "I need some of your blood," she said, carrying an empty bucket in her hand.

Selune felt terrified glaring at Olivia. That woman had a horrifying link to Cain.

Olivia realized the strange woman with Cain. "Cain, who is she?"

"Selune, goddess of the moon," Cain replied.