Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Olivia stopped, putting the bucket to the side, glaring at Selune, "Cain, who is she?"

"Selune, goddess of the moon," Cain looked at Selune with a smile. "She is my alchemist,"

Selune stared at Olivia, "She looks strange,"

Olivia walked past Selune and stood before Cain, presenting him with the bucket. "Need more blood,"

"I thought you would be a bit more impressed," Cain looked at his side. Two goddesses existed in the room with them.

"I already played with Chauntea, and the woman behind is fake," She replied, shaking the bottle.

"You say I'm fake?" Selune smiled.

Olivia turned her head, "Selune, Tsuki no hare. She's a rabbit hammering life elixir on the moon. You aren't a rabbit, you aren't her,"

Selune grabbed her head, and two white long ears extended, "I stay in a humanoid form most of the time," She smiled.

Olivia stared at Selune for a while, "Sorry, I was wrong. You're Selune as far as I know."

Selune smiled, "You changed your mind?"

Olivia turned toward Cain, "With strong enough evidence. I can change my mind. Since you proved me wrong, I have no reason to stand by my thoughts."

Cain looked at Olivia, "Sorry, I can't give you blood right now,"

Oliva glared at Cain, sitting on her knees, "What should I do to get some?" She poked Cain's crotch with her finger.

"It's not that I don't want to give you. I'm using far more power right now, by blood would be far stronger than you can handle in the lab," Cain replied.

Olivia scratched her head, "Is that so? I need to keep working, so can I take something else?" She looked at Cain. "Anything would do. Spit, flesh, bones, piss, or even milk," she poked his crotch again. "I have experimented with them all."

"They are all affected," Cain waved his hand, "You have to wait," Olivia stood with a sigh, and she stared back at Selune.

"I need to do something before asking," Olivia mumbled, being down and kissing Cain's foot.

"What are you doing?" Cain asked.

"Sit still," Olivia glared at Cain, "I want to ask something, but I know it's outrageous so this is a precaution." She replied, licking his toes. She kept doing it for a while before stopping.

Selune watched with a blank face, why Chauntea smiled in the back, "I see what are you about to ask," She smiled.

Chauntea stood from Cain's side and sat beside Olivia. "It will be fun, so I ask you as well," She started licking his feet as well.

Cain and Jemima stared at the two, baffled, "Are they all right?" Selune asked.

"We're fine," Chauntea looked at Selune with a smile, "We're doing our best to get him to agree,"

"You haven't asked him anything," Selune sighed.

"We will ask," Chauntea smiled, "Wait for it,"

After a while, Olivia and Chauntea finally bowed down, "Cain," Olivia said, "Can I please have her in the lab? I want to experiment on the elixir she makes," She pointed at Selune.

"Heh?" Selune gasped.

Cain sighed, "You want me to capture a goddess for you? And you ask that in front of her?"

"Yes," Chauntea replied, "I want to give the elixir a taste. It might help me get younger faster,"

"You must be joking," Selune sighed, "To ask him to capture a goddess. I understand how foolish a mortal can be, but not you Chauntea."

Chauntea smiled, "You think so?" She looked at Cain, "I will play with you as much as you like, care to help?"

"He won't do anything," Selune sighed. But she felt a woman hug her from the back, sneaking her hands into her pants and chest.

"She was talking with me," Aria said with a smile, hugging Selune from the back. "Like Akame. You won't leave this place before making a deal."

Selune stood with a calm face, feeling Aria's fingers running inside her, "Can you let go of me?"

Aria smiled, "I won't,"

Selune's body shifted, she spun in place and Kicked Aria in the face, but she didn't budge.

Selune hit Aria with the bottom of her foot. But Aria stopped it with her face, "Nice kick," She grabbed Selune's ankle, licking her foot.

"I told you to let go," Selune growled, "Here is the deal." Aria smiled.

"Cooperate with Olivia and Chauntea, be obedient to me and Cain. And I will convince the girls to let you join Cain's bed every now and then."

Aria let go of Selune's leg, pushing her away and crossing her arms, naked. She extended her foot at her, "Lick it if you agree,"

Selune glared at Aria, "You're a clever woman,"

Selune approached Aria, "She opened her mouth and extended her tongue out. Licking Aria's crotch instead of feet.

Cain, Olivia, Chauntea, and Jemima watched from the back, "She's impressive, isn't she?"

"Aria rules the system," Cain sighed, "She wants to gather all the power under me so that she has access to implant it."

"AH!" Aria moaned, pushing Selune's face deeper, "With this girl. I could release skills related to the moon. That also includes the power of lycanthropy."

Aria only sees the other gods as upgrades to her dominion, and she won't hold back on expanding her power.

"AH!" Selune Licked Aria till she climaxed and then fell down panting, "Are you satisfied?" Selune stared at Aria.

Aria flicked her finger, and a chair emerged below her. She sat licking my feet as I explain. She explained as shortly as she can, "Do everything I ask, and I will allow you to link to the system. This means you will have a share of the mana people use to cast moon-related skills." Aria opened her palm, "Druid spell, [Moon flash] a spell that conjures a moonlight beam. [Moon rage] an ability that allows lycan to rage under the moon. Eilistraee's dance under the moon, and the demon lord Kayden's power moon blows, you will have a cut of them and more."

Aria smiled, poking Selune's chest with her foot, "And be obedient to Cain so I remain nice to you."

"Of course, I will,"

Aria smiled, opening her palms and then clapping her hands, "How do you feel now?"𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Selune closed her eyes. "I already started getting power from people using those skills. Lycanthropy became a part of my domain, and I also sense a group of Kali's demons converting. The divine power I get from my clerics' prayers has also increased. Because the transition through the system is more efficient."

Aria smiled, "So? That means?"

"My power already increased by two-fifths, and it's rising faster than it did in a thousand years." Selune looked at Aria's face, "Collective conciseness!"

"All for one, and one for all. The more gods I get below me, the stronger I become. But they also become stronger by following me. It's a win-win," Aria smiled, patting Selune's head.

"The gods never stood underneath the same banner, even with Amaterasu's lead as Taiia's head. She was ruling as the strongest."

"We have to gather all the gods underneath you," Selune gasped.

Aria looked away, "Yeah, about that," She looked away, "I'm Cain, and Cain is me, you know?" She looked at Selune.

"What do you mean?" Selune gasped.

"Forget it," Arai gasped, "Lick me again, and I will call the girls,"

Aria called all the girls, informing them about Selune's addition.

Sofia sighed, ~Shar, Akame, and now Selune. Who's next~

~Mystra belongs to Lilia, so we will go after another one~ Aria replied to everyone.

~Aria~ Alice called, ~Chad finished training with Corellon, and he has crushed him. The next fight is him against someone called Hades, the lord of the grey wastes of Hades.~

Aria nodded, calling Chad, ~Father.~

~Aria~ Chad looked around as he heard her voice, ~Is that you~

~It's me, I wanted to ask if you could buy us a quarter of an hour before the fight began.~

~Why do you need such time?~ Chad asked.

~I need the time~ Aria didn't answer, and Chad nodded ~Fine, but the man before me is strong.~

~Selune says he looks scary, but he's a simple man. He won't refuse a conversation or a drink~

Aria closed the line, leaving Chad to stall Hades.

"Why did you buy all that time?" Selune asked.

"I want to capture Amaterasu next, but to do that, I need more power." Aria replied with a smile, "I need you all to get stronger so I can overcharge Cain more."

"like how he stomped Amaterasu before,"

"Yes," Aria nodded, "And for that," CLAP! He clapped her hands. "I separated this dimension from the outside world. CLAP! With the second clap, all the girls appeared inside the room, staring at each other, "How are you all? Did you miss me?"

Everyone stared at the smiling Aria. "We're here to discuss the plan of catching a big fish named Amaterasu," She declared.

All the girls gasped. Alice glared around and at Aria, "She will notice us disappearing,"

"She won't," Aria smiled, "I worked the spell with Selune's knowledge. She still sees us standing outside.

"What do you want to do exactly? Beat her?" Mary sighed, glaring at Aria from the side.

"No, I want to flex on her hard enough that she joins us," Aria replied.