Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Selune stared at Aria, "Do you know you're talking about Amaterasu? The sun itself?" Selune walked back sitting on the couch and putting one leg on the other.

"Mess with her and the whole world might die in a single day." Selune stared at Aria.

Aria smiled. "Of course I know," She waved her hand, "I want to pull her on outside. As I did with you and Akame," She looked at the girls. "Any of you has an objection?"

Alice walked forward, "I'm a fallen archon created by Amaterasu. Won't mess with her end up killing me?"

Aria shook her head, "You said it yourself, you're a fallen archon. She has no power over you," She opened her palm and released a stream of blue magic, linking to Cain.

"I'm his archon, he can see and hear all that I see and hear. He knows my thoughts and can control my body at will. I can't even breathe if he didn't allow me to," Arad approached Cain, "He can grant me power, I can ask for it as well,"

Aria then pointed at Alice, "Your link with Amaterasu is only her giving you power? The one who created you is Cain, and he's also the one providing you with power," She gestured to Alice to come closer.

"You aren't a fallen archon that turned on the gods, you're an archon who left a god to work for another. Or you could say she gave you to Cain." Aria sat beside Chauntea and put one leg on the other, "But I'm still higher than you."

"Amaterasu couldn't take her eyes from Cain at the start. She kept talking about how will she get him to serve her." Selune looked at Aria.

"Tell us more," Alice got looked at Selune, her eyes focusing.

"He will grow strong that, he has that, his blood is that." Selune sighed, "I'm her close friend so she told me. She wanted to turn Cain into an archon or a lesser deity and have him be her personal servant."Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"But her plan fail somewhere, right?" Cain looked at Selune.

"Her plan started to fail when Zaleria sniffed Mary," Selune started at the back. And Zaleria pointed at herself. "Me?"

ραпdα---nᴏνa| сom "Your senses are out of this world. Amaterasu built her plan based on Mary's intervention as a factor. She didn't expect you to be able to tell something is off through timelines, how do your insides work?" Selune glared at Zaleria.

Zaleria smiled, "I do have some strong guts,"

"About that," Lilia appeared sitting on Aria's lap, "Zaleria is Kossuth's daughter. Look at her eyes and tell me who's stronger, you or her," She pointed at Selune.

Selune looked at Zaleria, "I'm the stronger one. In fact, in this room, I'm the second fourth after you, Cain, and Aria."

Zaleria crossed her arms, "Is that so?" She growled.

"Her judgment is right. She is stronger, but I won't say the fourth one. You're about twelve or thirteen in the ranks." Lilia smiled, teleporting to sit on Zaleria's shoulders.

Lilia pointed with her leg to the back, "You're there, she seems to have forgotten you,"

Gracie emerged from the shadows, "Sorry, I was checking on the abyss." She emerged and Selune started sweating. 'The mother of all life, how did I forget her?'

"And what about her?" Lilia teleported and appeared hugging Sofia's chest, "Say, what if this one went all out? Sucking power from Cain?" She then teleported to Alice, "And you saw how she scorched a whole world with her heaven's strike."

Selune looked away, "Those are strong, I can't beat them unless at the full moon."

Lilia smiled. "Let me show you more," She teleported and appeared poking her head between Sylph's legs. "Slyph," Lilia said, looking up with a smile, "Aria wants to kill Cain and overtake his power,"

For a moment, all the girls felt like a large rock fell on their heads. The weaker ones fell on their knees while Selune's face paled.

Aria smiled, glaring at Sylph with sweat dripping from her cheek.

"To think you can draw such power from the tree," she gasped.

Sylph glared at Aria. Veins popped on her face red flames blazed from her eyes. Her blond hair took a shade of green as her steps cracked the ground.

"I'm joking, Sylph." Lilia laughed, "I only wanted to see you go serious for a change." She patted Sylph's thighs.

Sylph took a deep breath and her magic calmed, "Don't do that again," She sat on one of the empty chairs.

"The world's tree roots spread across the whole multiverse. She has been cultivating power from the start of the world, millions of ages ago." Lilia explained, "I didn't let Sylph hire me in vain. I use her to teleport massive amounts of magic to other worlds."

Cain looked at the girls, "About Sylph, do you care to listen to a story?"

All the girls nodded, "I won't bore you with the details, but I and Sylph don't like each other,"

"We know that," Sofia stared at Cain, "You told us about her before,"

Lilia smiled, "What Sylph like is Cain that hates her. She stirs trouble so he would punish her. But the catch is that she always fights back,"

Cain sighed, "Sylph like to fight and get beaten. And I'm the only one who can give her that considering how strong she is." He looked at the girls, "If you get on her bad side. She can use you to start trouble with me."

"You make me sound like a villain. I only like you being a little bit rough," Sylph approached Cain.

"We're talking about how to take Amaterasu down. Behave and I will give you a decent beating afterward," Cain sighed.

Sylph smiled, "Is that true? Should I drag that Amaterasu to your bed?" She approached Cain, "I did gather over a hundred of the finest elvish girls at the castle to server you as well,"

"It's not about service, you can't beat Amaterasu alone," Cain pushed Sylph away.

Aria looked at Selune, "As I said. Fighting Amaterasu and risking the sun going out is a bad idea. How could we make her give up?"

Selune looked at the ceiling, "Well, Amaterasu is as prideful as the sun. She always dreamt of having Cain chase her like a dog, licking her feet, sitting on his face, and dominating him." Selune looked at Cain, "I bet she won't refuse if you asked to lick her toes,"

Cain looked at Alice, "Don't tell me?"

Selune looked toward Alice, "Yeah, Amaterasu's feeling sept a bit into Alice. If you saw any strange act from her, that where it came from,"

Cain sighed, "I won't mind doing anything sexual for her. As long as she acts like the rest of them," He looked at the girls.

"What do you mean?" Selune asked.

"They are obedient when I need them," Cain replied.

"How much obedience do you need?" Selune sighed.

Lilia was the one to reply, appearing behind Selune and playing her with her long ears. "They are to him, what Amaterasu wants him to her." She looked around the room, "Each girl has already submitted,"

"That can't be true," Selune sighed, "Even so, each of them has a limit. Amaterasu is prideful, and she won't bend her knees without an overwhelming difference."

Lilia scratched her head, "I'm stronger than her and I won't mind Cain stepping on me."

"No one knows what goes in you your head," Selune sighed.

"What goes in my head is simple. Cain will surpass me in the future, so what better than joining him early."

Selune looked at Lilia, "You're a smart one. I keep telling Amaterasu that she needs to give up, but she instead keeps trying to win her game."

"How about we go with the same plan for Mystra?" Lilia smiled, "But let's make her agree first," She looked at Aria.

"Cain will challenge her in the final round. The prize is dominion on the loser." Aria said with a smile, "But Cain isn't strong enough to beat her with his own power. We need to make sure he grows fast,"

Lilia and Aria stared at each other, smiling as they started at the other girls. "Get ready. Time here flows slower than the outside world," Aria said.

"You will fight Cain so he can train, and sleep with him so your powers grow, and empower Aria who's a part of Cain. A closed loop of power," Lilia told them the plan.

Aria looked at the girls, "Who will start? I can't wait," She smiled, patting her hands together.

Aria looked around the room. Awaiting one of the girls to step forward, "Those who can fight would fight and have sex afterward. And the non-combatant will have sex and provide for the others." Aria walked between the girls, looking at the maids who sat at the side.

"I will go first," Jemima said, "I'm already here," Cain's tentacle finger was still in her back end.