Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Cain stood, "Let's start with fights,"

Jemima stared at him, "Are you sure?"

"Yeah, I want to fight a bit," Cain looked at the girls, "Who will go first?"

Lilia walked forward, "How about those?" She lifted her finger. Sylph, Selune, and Chauntea got lifted. "They should be able to hold out,"

Sylph smiled, her face blushing, "We will fight?"

Selune looked around, panicking and glaring at Chauntea, "We will fight him?" she shifted her gaze toward Aria, "You sure?"

"Lilia says so, do your best," Aria smiled, "Don't worry about Cain. Try to kill him. But be ready to get beaten. He won't be holding back either."Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

pαndα---noνɐ1,сoМ Lilia flicked her finger, sending them to her world, "Fight as much as you want,"

Cain opened his eyes, standing in a deserted land of gray stones and jagged mountains. Hazy mist blotted the sky with faint rays of light reaching the ground.

Selune, Chauntea, and Sylph surrounded Cain, glaring at him. "Let's start right away," Cain said, lifting his hands.

CRACK! Cain felt his right jaw crack as his left ribs pierced his lung. His legs felt numb as his spine shattered. Sylph landed a punch on his face, Selune kicked his side, and Chauntea jammed her elbow in his back.

BAM! Cain's body got propelled forward, dragging on the ground as he stood on his feet. SWOSH! Selune zapped to his side, swinging a kick at his face.

TAP! Cain twisted his torso, dodging the kill as if his body consisted of jello. THWACK! He then smacked Selune with a punch that she blocked with her arms, yet got sent flying. "What force," She growled, feeling her bones tingle.

CLACK! Sylph landed before Cain, smiling, "Cain!" She gasped, swinging her fist at his face.

CRACK! Cain took the hit, but he countered back. Sylph recoiled back but kept her stance and swung again. CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! They exchanged fists faster than the eye could see.

Chauntea stood at the side, glaring at them, "That Sylph girl is a mortal isn't she?" She couldn't believe her eyes, "She's trading blows with a being like Cain."

Thud! Selune landed beside Chauntea, "Cain defeated Poseidon. It's impressive she isn't dying. Instead of smiling,"

"Yggdrasil is fueling her. That's a primordial being as old as the world itself." Chauntea smiled, "We better help,"

Thud! Selune lept at Cain with a single jump, swinging her foot at his face. He dodged, but she twisted her body and grasped his head between her thighs, smashing his face to the ground.

CRACK! Cain swung his knee drilling it into Selune's face. Chauntea and Sylph swing simultaneous kicks at his torso. Thud! He lifted his palms and caught the strikes, "

"What?" Sylph and Chauntea gasped. Thwack! Cain kicked them in the faces, and their bodies bounced back like ragdolls.

Cain smacked the ground with his palms. He flung his body to the sky and looked at the whole place with a passive face. Magic started seeping from his body as he stopped moving mid-air, glaring down.

Cain's head tilted to the side as a dark-blue light burned in his eyes. His muscles started spazzing and shaking like waves across his back as he opened his arms. Lightning crackled from the clouds.

"You won't beat me with physical might alone," Cain's body dropped to the ground, landing on one leg.

Selune bent her body forward, lifting her butt up as her thighs grew larger. Veins spread from her ankles to her cheek as she took a deep breath.

Cain pointed his palm toward her. [Rage of The Eldritch thunger] Lightning gathered around his palm, flashing white. Cain compiled ninth-tier spells, enchanting them with magic and his divine power. He then compressed everything into a single beam of pure lightning.

The flash exploded from Cain's palm, spelling death to everyone that saw it.

Thud! Sylph stood between Cain and the lightning. She extended her palm as green veins grew from her elbow and wrist. [Grounded absorption] She conjured a large tree root filled with water. That root can act as a wire to direct lightning to the ground. A technique she developed to fight blue dragons, but Cain is on another level.

Thud! Chauntea landed behind Sylph, touching her back. [Blessing of Mother Earth: Ley Line Of the world]

Sylph felt her connection to the ground gets stronger. Making it easier to draw power from the world tree and strengthening her plant magic. She even strengthened Selune in the back.

Cain's magic exploded forward in a beam of white death. It disintegrated everything in its path.

CRACK! Sylph growled as her root got hit and started directing the current. "This is too much." She growled, her skin burning, "Ten, no a hundred dragon breathes and they won't be this strong,"

Selune smiled, in the back, her toes digging into the ground. [Jade Kick]

BAM! Selune's body lept forward. Sylph grabbed her with her roots, flinging her forward while using Chauntea as an anchor. A slingshot of the earth and moon, with Yggdrasil as the rope.

Cain saw his lightning splatter as Selune's kick flew forward, he increased his output, but it was too late. Her food tore his arm off, piercing his chest and cutting his body in half.

"Did we get him?" Sylph gasped. "Don't celebrate,"

***

Inside the mansion, the maids couldn't watch, "Master Cain," Lexi cried.

Lilia smiled, giggling in the back, "My skin is crawling. I pity those girls," She glared at the fight, laughing her guts out. "He's learning, he's evolving at a terrifying rate. How could you see this and not give up,"

The maids and the girls stared at her, and she opened her arms, "Look, blood and guts, but that man's heart is still beating."

Thud! Cain's lower half fell on the ground with his guts spilling. The upper torso landed far away at the mountains as Selune landed to the west, exhaling. She looked down at her bloodied feet, "I hope you gave up."

Sylph's eyes flashed open, "Selune! Your legs!" She screamed.

Selune looked at her legs again, the blood have turned into small tentacles and is engulfing her.

STOMP! Selune smacked her leg on the ground, sending a shockwave that blasted the tentacles. "He's still alive?"

CRACK! Cain's torso stood, a dark mist of necrotic magic dripping from his wounds. His skeleton grew back and soon did his upper half. "I never felt such a kick in my life." Cain clapped his hands. "I like you, Selune." He glared back at Selune.

Selune growled. "How did you survive that?" She glared at her food, "I sensed your soul get snuffed with how much divine power I used," She cracked her ankle. Getting ready to attempt a second kick. "You shouldn't survive unscathed even if that wasn't your real body,"

Cain smiled, "I did lose. That's right," He smiled. "You three managed to kill me with that kick." His body morphed to that of a demon woman with four horns, and two white ones on her forehead. Blue skin, red eyes, and ashen hair. "The soul you felt dying was a soldier of the demon army. I have millions waiting in line, you won't take me down before killing them." He smiled, "This is Maranira, a demonic Oni of the abyss. A soldier who fought against my army and had her brain eaten for the system."

"What is the meaning of this?" Sylph growled.

"I'm using her now since he has a cool ability." Cain's body shifted back to its original form, leaving only the six horns.

SWOSH! Cain disappeared. Selune looked around, searching for him. CRACK! Her vision turned back.

Sylph and Chauntea saw Cain appear on top of Selune and crush her head to the ground with a stomp.

"What was that?" Chauntea gasped. "It wasn't teleportation." CRACK! Her vision went black.

Sylph felt the blood splatter on her back. She saw Chauntea's headless body twitching on the ground as Cain approached her.

"You will die, so I won't stomp your head," Cain said with a smile.

Sylph smiled, "Don't tell me, we aren't strong enough for you to go all out?"

"You're strong. I only have enough abilities to not die," Cain smiled, and Sylph's vision went black. He kicked the back of her head without crushing it.

The next moment Sylph opened her eyes, she saw Cain sitting beside her, Chauntea, and Selune, "Did you wake up?" Cain said.

Sylph felt her head hurting, "We lost?"

Cain nodded. "Maranira's power allows me to appear behind my target. I modified it to appear above them instead and then masked my presence with divine magic."

Sylph looked around, all the girls were on the ground, knocked out. "Don't tell me? How long have we been out?"

"In about an hour, I beat everyone else. I only lost to Lilia, Gracie." Cain sighed. "I couldn't lay a finger on Lilia, and Gracie trapped me in an endless fall between shadows and I had to give up,"

In the back, Gracie and Lilia sat on chairs watching.

"Now, it's time to make you stronger." Cain looked at Sylph's face.