Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Cain looked down, seeing the girls waking one after the other.

Aria smiled, "As we agreed. Lilia and Gracie can order Cain around this time. While the other girls can't complain about anything."

"You didn't fight," Cain sighed, glaring at her.

"I don't need to fight. I can win against all the girls and there is no point in fighting you." she sighed.

Thud! Thud! "Can you win against me?" Lilia patted Aria's back with a smile.

"Of course, I can't," Aria replied as she breathed.

Lilia smiled, "You're Cain, and I can assume you lost to me, right?"

"Yeah, even if we fought, I will lose. That's a fact." But at that moment, she realized what Lilia was playing at.

"Come with me," Lilia smiled, "You're serving me,"

"Wait! No!" You won so go with Cain. "You're him, so it's fine. Also, there is no point in doing it with him since I'm stronger." Lilia dragged Aria away as she cried.

Gracie approached Cain, "I won so can I get the dungeon?"

Cain smiled, "Fine," He flicked his finger and a rusted steel door appeared. "How do you want it?"

Gracie looked at Arad with a passive face, "The biggest and most intense." Clack! She tapped her foot on the ground and four succubus appeared.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

They were Kai, the succubus maid from the Abyss kingdom, and Gracie's right hand. Amanda the other succubus maid from the abyss and Gracie's left hand. Melissa who is Gracie's right foot, and finally Meliliana, Gracie's left foot.

"You four are getting inside with me." Gracie looked at them.

Melissa was the only one to bow and shout yes, the other three noted the magic behind the door. "Why is there four times the magic of the torture level we know?" Kai asked with tears in her eyes.

Cain had created countless tentacle dungeons to feed the succubus. He ranked them by their difficulty and the hardest was torture, known to be so extreme it gave pain with no pleasure. Gracie is now getting into a dungeon four times the difficulty.

"Your Highness, please spare us," Amanda cried.

"Don't mess with us! We aren't as durable as you," Meliliana growled.

Gracie looked at the and then at Cain, "Get in and I will let you suck Cain once. Get in and let me double the difficulty and I will let you sleep with Cain after me."

The succubus looked at each other.

"I will follow you anywhere," Melissa said, standing beside Gracie.

Gracie smiled. "Melissa was the only one who listened to her orders without complaining."

The other succubus nodded to each other, "How long are we staying in there?" Kai asked.

"Until Cain finishes with them all," She pointed a the girls in the back.

Kai's face grew pale, and she looked at the other two, "It's a bad idea."

Both Amanda and Meliliana agreed to her.

"You idiots!" Melissa shouted, "I don't care about if you felt pleasure or not! Get in the dungeon now!" She shouted.

"Mom! Do you know what four times torture is?" Meliliana shouted back, growling. "She wants to double that so it will be eight times!"

Gracie sighed, "I know a way to convince you." She pointed at Cain, "Sniff him once, and you will enter at ten times torture if you decided yes after." The girls looked at each other and then approached Cain.

The first one was Kai, she went on her knees and approached Cain Meat. SPLASH! She came before even sniffing him, her face bright red as she started bleeding from her eyes and nose.

"Come on, the other two are waiting," Cain said but Kai couldn't move.

"See?" Gracie said, dragging Kai away by the hair, "I'm not keeping you away from Cain because I don't want you to do it with him. You can't even sniff him, let alone do anything else. Get in the dungeon to become stronger." She threw her in front of the dungeon door.

Amanda looked back at Cain. She approached him and the same happened to her.

The last one to try was Meliliana, "Huh! I already sucked him once, do you think I won't be able to...SPLASH!" She fell like the other two.

Gracie stared at Melissa, "Want to try? You've been by my side for a while."

Melissa nodded, approaching Cain and kneeling before him. She could feel his aura burning her, he has gotten far stronger than the last time they met.

She got closer and sniffed him, staying conscious with sheer will, "I did it," She smiled, panting.

[Succubus are like batteries and Cain is a high voltage charger. They will explode if tried him.]

Melissa stood and dragged her legs toward the dungeon gate, "Cain, please get it ready."

Cain raised the dungeon inside to ten times the torture level. But kept the door looked and Looked at the succubus, approaching them. "Then I set the dungeon to scale with time. You will start at one-time torture and get up each time you get used to it."

The succubus girls smiled, "Of course, you will start at ten," He looked at Gracie.

"Thank you," She bowed and the dungeon door opened. Dark and purple fleshy hole. It housed thousands of worm-like tentacles wiggling in a spit-like slime.

The door locked after they went in. Cain could feel them inside as if that was a part of his body, he will adjust the difficulty based on their reaction.

Cain then turned toward the girls, "Now for you!" He smiled.

****

Back outside.

"Want a drink?" Chad stared at the thin man standing before him.

The young man, Hades looked at Chad, stepping forward, "Are you serious?" He glared forward, his eyes glowing red as his hair started weaving with the wind. "You ask for drinks here?" He growled.

Thud! A large barrel appeared beside him, "Who might you be?" He smiled.

"Chad Lizworth and you?" Chad approached with a smile.

"Hades, only Hades." Hades smiled, "I lost my other names millions of years ago,"

The two sat around the barrel, drinking.

"What are you two doing?" Amaterasu looked at them.

"Having a drink," Chad replied.

"Seeing who can drink more. Moradin! Care to join us? This barrel is over a thousand years old." Hades waved his arms. Moradin rushed in with a smile, his stomach swinging from one side to the other like a waterskin. "Are you sure!"

Corellon growled, standing up after Chad knocked him out. His body screamed in pain, "Leave some for me!" He rushed in as well.

The dragon king stared at them and then looked at Amaterasu, "You will let them do what they want?"

"Shut up! You're the last one I want to hear speaking," She growled at the dragon king.

Amaterasu watched those men sit around the barrel drinking and laughing. Was it a mistake to call Hades? He's strong but hard to order around.

"Hades! I called you here to fight!" Amaterasu growled and Hades stared up at her, "Why did you even start this tournament?" He stirred the drink inside the barrel with his palm, "This should have been wine, but time did a number on it and look. It became something else,"

"This is a masterpiece!" Moradin smacked his stomach, causing it to sound like a drum, "Wine of the gods! What a delicacy!"

Corellon took a whiff, "Nothing beat this clear scent,"

Hades sighed, "Hey, Chad. Should we get this fight over with?"

"Chad stared at Hades, we can wait a bit. Can't we?"

"What woman will shift to the next fight," He pointed at Amaterasu, "We better finish so we can enjoy our drink in peace."

The two stood, and Moradin rushed away with the barrel, followed by Corellon.

Chad looked back, "Yeah,"

"Too much for buying time?" Hades looked at Chad with a smile.

"You?" Chad glared at Hades.

"I can tell from looking at you." Hades smiled, "We can waste time-fighting," He took a stance, pulling a fist back.

Chad coved his body in holy magic, causing himself to get covered with a divine aura of golden mist.

Hades smiled, [Attraction]

Chad felt his arms and back crack. The unimaginable force pulled him toward Hades. Lifting him from the ground and breaking his balance.

Hades swung his fist, smashing Chad's face [Repulsion] BA! BAM! The shock wave exploding from his arm sends Chad flying across the mountains. And he bounced from one stone to another.

Hades stared at the distance with a smile, taking a stand and planting his feet on the ground, [Repulsion] BOM! His body blasted forward, igniting in flames from how much friction he got from the air as he accelerated.

Chad opened his eyes, seeing the living metro flash toward him. He clenched his fist, [Dance of the king: Divine smite] Chad's muscles tensed as his fist recoiled back. He amassed strength like the dance he once saw.

SWOSH! Hades reached Chad, smiling [Greed: Dance of the king: Divine smite]. His body flashed golden like Chad and took the same stance.

CRACK! The two hit each other at the same time, flying back at tremendous speed.