Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Evelyn jumped back, keeping her eyes on Hades. 'He survived? How?' She could believe her eyes.

Hades stood, yawning. BLOP! Two gauntlets appeared on his forearms. [Sloth: Hibernation]

Hades eyes shifted toward Evelyn, "I haven't seen you in a while." He smiled, lunging forward with a swing. CLANG! CLANG!

His body was sluggish, and his muscles had faded. He was far weaker after sleeping for thousands of years. But his strength is returning.

CLANG! CLANG! Evelyn deflected two strikes. 'He's recovering. His speed is increasing,' She cried inside, sweating as she lept back.

Hades opened his palm [Attraction] [Repulsion]. He pulled stones from the ground and threw them at Evelyn.

CLANG! CLANG! Evelyn deflected the stones as they tore flesh from her arms. Ariel lay on the ground, disintegrating.

'He's still weakened, I must cut his head off. Evelyn swung her blade. I must stab his heart, I have to finish him off,'

BAM! Hades stomped forward, swinging a fist at her face.

'Otherwise, Chad's...' She saw Hades's iron first approaching her face.

CLANG! A skeleton holding a golden sword pushed the punch away, a golden flame glowing in his eyes' sockets.

"GAH!" Evelyn gasped, feeling divine power regenerating. The skeleton deflected the attack, swinging his sword at Hades's neck [Divine Smite]

BAM! The light exploded, sending Hades flying as he blocked the slash. He spun mid-air and landed on a stone. "He regenerated? From that hit?" He growled.

The skeleton swings the sword from one hand to the other as flesh starts covering his bones.

BA-DUMP! BA-DUMP! BA-DUMP! BA-DUMP! BA-DUMP! BA-DUMP! BA-DUMP! BA-DUMP! BA-DUMP! BA-DUMP! BA-DUMP! BA-DUMP! BA-DUMP! BA-DUMP! BA-DUMP! BA-DUMP! BA-DUMP! BA-DUMP! BA-DUMP! BA-DUMP! BA-DUMP! BA-DUMP! BA-DUMP! BA-DUMP!

The skeleton's heart started beating louder than the drums. Both Evelyn and Ariel got jolted with divine magic, jerking them back to life as the skeleton growled. "I'm getting used to this! Let's finish him off!" The skeleton shouted. He was Chad. BAM!

Chad jumped forward, rushing at Hades.

"Stay down! You lost!" Hades shouted, swinging his fists. [Repulsion][Repulsion] [Repulsion] [Repulsion] [Repulsion] [Repulsion] [Repulsion] [Repulsion] [Repulsion] [Repulsion] [Repulsion] [Repulsion]

Each fist that hit the air sends a compressed air shockwave. Chad rushed forward, swinging his sword. CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG!

Chad deflected all the bullets as he rushed forward, "You've become weaker!" He shouted.

"Same for you!" Hades shouted back.

BAM! Chad jumped up, swinging his sword down [Divine smite] BOM! The light exploded, sending shards everywhere.

Hades flipped, swinging a fist at Chad's head. CLANG! With a move as swift as the wind, Chad strikes down, killing the fist's force.

Hades glared at his fist, "This swordsmanship. It isn't like that of Eilistraee that collect momentum. It's the reverse. This one specializes in killing the momentum of enemy attacks. Corellon's high elf fencing, did he learn it from him?"

Hades could see Chad's skeletal figure shift with burning divine flames. Even as bones and blood, his heart kept beating. CRACKLE! CLAP! Divine threads of magic engulfed Chad's sword as he swung, [High fencing: Branches in the wind]. He swings his sword at Hades's neck.

HA! Hades screamed, punching Chad's slash causing it to explode. Before the dust could start settling, Chad rushed from it, swinging again. BAM! Hades deflected the attack, swinging his fist at Chad's head.

CRACK! Chad moved his head fast enough that his bones cracked. There wasn't much meat on them to brace. 'Don't pass out again. Move! Move! If your spine breaks, move the nervous signal through the other nerves in your neck. If a muscle failed to contract, push with another. If blood is to spill, make sure it coats your muscles and organs, feeding them as it drips.' Chad kept his eyes open, his divine magic trying to regenerate his body.

***

"That man is something else!" Moradin growled, tapping his belly with a laugh.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"AO blew from his soul into clay to make Adam. Destroying his body won't kill him," Amaterasu said with a passive face. "But that doesn't mean he won't pass out for months or years. The fact he stood this soon is a miracle."

***

BAM! Hades swung his fist, forcing Chad to block with his sword. A shockwave exploded, sending waves of radiating light as Chad's blade resonated.

SWOSH! Chad flipped, slowing down as he glared at Hades. [High fencing: Sharp wind] He swung his blade up. He sent a slash of compressed air and divine magic.

GAH! Hades lunged forward, swatting the slash away and punching forward. CLAN! BAM! CLAN! BAM! CLAN! BAM! CLAN! BAM! CLAN! BAM!

The two traded blows, leaving only destruction in their way. Each clash sparked with embers, sending earthquakes from their steps.

Evelyn stood, leaning on her sword, "Amazing! He's holding him even in that state." She ground her teeth, "But at this rate, Chad will fall first. Hades has a body, and he doesn't."

She stood and started running around them, "I must do it. I must cleave his head here and now!" She kept looking for an opportunity to jump in.

BAM! BAM! Hades punched Chad away, and his second hit got deflected. "You're getting slower!" Hades smiled, "No, I'm getting faster!" CRACK! He kicked Chad in the chest, cracking his bones. "And take this!" He swung his fists, sending countless shockwaves.

BAM! Chad regained his balance and swung up, deflecting the first shockwave. He then deflected more and more, causing the ground beneath him to crack as he took the last one to the face.

BAM! Hades appeared above Chad, swinging a fist down.

GRWAAAAAAAAA! Chad roared, blocking the attack and swinging left and right.

They clashed in a storm of chaos, until a heavy hit Came. Hades cleaved Chad's left arm, "I'm recovering faster than you! It's my win!" He smiled.

BAM! Chad stabbed Hades in the chest, taking the distraction as a chance to get a hit on. The sword stabbed Hades's heart, causing him to lose concentration for a moment.

"CLEAVE IT!" Chad shouted. Evelyn jumped from behind him, swinging her sword.

"You're slow and weak!" Hades growled, [Attraction] [Repulsion] He pulled a stone and pierced a hole in her solar plexus.

Evelyn ground her teeth, swinging her sword at Hades' neck. CLANG!

"This whore, still swinging her sword!" Hades growled.

Evelyn glared at Hades, blood rushing across her veins. I must cut it, that head, it must fall.

The veins in her arms bulged. Chad said I must cut it. I can't fail. Push through, drain every last bit of divine magic you have. I can't fail here. Pull every last drop.

Evelyn growled. "I'm going to cleave your head! No matter what!" She screamed. Black veins emerged on her body as her eyes shifted to pure white.

The heat started radiating from her womb, calling on her own blood.

***

Cain was sitting in the mansion. Relaxed with Chauntea, Sylph, Sofia, and Zaleria sucking him off. Selena, Hati, Marina, and Nemmoxon sucked on his toes while Selune had her tongue deep into his back end.

"Ah! This is it,"

As Cain relaxed, his eyes started bleeding, and his body felt weak. His magic drained several times faster than Sofia could hope to do.

Cain looked at his shaking hands, "Magic is getting drained from all my cells,"

Aria who was licking Lilia off felt her head hurt. She fell to her knees gasping. "Are you okay?" Lilia looked at her.

"Mana!" Aria extended her hand, and Lilia immediately started supplying her.

Cain growled in the back, feeling Lilia's magic compensating for his loss. Aria stood with Lilia's help, "Mother is sucking us dry. This almost killed us. I doubt she knows what she's doing."

eαglesnᴏνel Lilia smiled, jamming Aria's head between her legs. "Open your mouth and relax. let me give you even more magic so we can see how much Evelyn can draw."

***

As Evelyn screamed, her sword pressed into Hades's neck. Her hair flashed with white light as tentacle marks covered her body. Her divine magic spiked to a whole other level, something that terrified even the gods.

The gods stepped away, glaring at Evelyn, "Is that an Archon? Why does she have more divine power than me?" Moradin growled, "She's an impressive lass," Corellon smiled.

Amaterasu clenched her teeth.

But this wasn't the end. A flash emerged from Evelyn's bones, and a third eye opened on her forehead. Her magic grew bigger and bigger. Surpassing anyone's expectations and thinking she was about to explode.

GHAAAAAAAAAA! With a scream, Evelyn's sword cleaved right through Hades's head like butter. But that wasn't the end. Her slash grew bigger and bigger, cutting Amaterasu's barrier in half.

The gods ducked, and the slash took Amaterasu's legs off as it expanded.

The gods glared in terror as Amaterasu's legs fell to the ground, evaporating.

Evelyn stood beside fallen Chad and Hades, her body smoking hot as the veins on her body sizzled. The eye on her forehead disappeared, and her magic returned to normal. It healed her wound in the process.

***

Lilia smiled, pushing Aria's face away, "Let's hope Amaterasu learns a thing or two from this,"