Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Cain gasped, feeling his magic return after Lilia started helping. "What was that?" The girls gasped, seeing him bleed.

"It was my mother. She drew too much power in an instant," Cain replied, taking a deep breath.

Lilia approached them, "We can't waste more time. In all the fights you never beat me, and you won't anytime soon." She smiled, "Unless, I help you with something."

The girls started at Lilia as Cain asked, tilting his head, "What are you thinking of?"

"Those battles of the gods, we have to end them right away." Lilia smiled, "Can you eat me as you did to Morena and Eilistraee?"

"You would die," Cain warned her.

"I won't die. I would never mix with you and I can always separate to one of my clones." Lilia waved her hands.

"That's more than letting me enslave you," Cain glared at her, "You're throwing all your freedom. Do you understand that?"

"I know, I know. But I'm not throwing everything." Lilia smiled, "I can separate from you. Eat me so you can use my power."

The girls stared at her, "You can't do that. You're far stronger, it's best to leave you free." To them, Lilia had become a powerful backup.

"You won't need me if Cain is strong enough," Lilia smiled, "And I keep saying, I can separate later." She sat down.

Thud! Gracie walked out of the dungeon, dripping from every orifice. "Eat her,"

"Why do you think that?" Cain asked.

"She is right, she can leave you as she wishes. Her lifeforce is far stronger." Gracie smiled, looking at Lilia.

Lilia smiled, "But before I go," She licked her lips.

***

The barrier locking the battle crumbled as Amaterasu regenerated her legs. Evelyn started at her hands, unable to believe the amount of power that came out.

Thud! Hades's head rolled on the ground. "Did we win?" Evelyn gasped, starting to heal Chad.

"Yeah, it's your win," Hades's head spoke, flying to attach to the body.

Evelyn gasped, standing between him and Chad, "You're still alive?" She pointed her sword at him.

"Yeah. I won't die like this." Hades scratched his neck, "In the end, that was a slash, nothing more."

Thud! Hades sat on the ground, taking a deep breath, "I haven't fought like this in a long time. Are you okay?"

"Yeah," Chad replied. His body regenerated now that he doesn't need to shift power into fighting.

The world around them disintegrated as they appeared in the arena. Amaterasu landed beside them, "Evelyn, what was that last attack?" She glared at them.

Evelyn felt the magic in her body. It belonged to Cain, she must have drawn power from him at that moment. Why did such a link occur, he only linked to his wives and maids.

"I seem to have drawn power from Cain," Evelyn replied.

"That wasn't only Cain's power, something else came out. It's that witch's magic." Amaterasu could sense Lilia's magic that dripped from Evelyn's attack.

Thud! Cain, landed behind them, "Were you asking about anything?"

Amaterasu turned back, glaring at Cain's face. "How come drawing power from you landed her with Lilia's magic? That Almost killed the gods here,"

"You call yourself gods and fear death my mortal magic? Lilia is a part of my power, ask her yourselves," Cain pointed back with his thumb.

Amaterasu's eyes expanded. And her magic started flowing as she sensed Lilia linked to Cain. It was Lilia alone, an army of girls appeared from a large blue portal, and each of them had a link with Cain.

Moradin smiled, "Hmm, They draw power from but they offer him their power." The soul forger smiled, "Those links tie the souls, they won't die as long as he stands, and he won't as long as they breathe."

Corellon smiled, approaching Sylph, "Collective consciousness, is this her handy work?"

Sylph smiled, "Who else could it be?"

Cain walked forward, "Playtime is over," He pointed at Mystra, "I'm taking her with me,"FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Thud! Mystra stepped back and Amaterasu stood between them. "You aren't taking anyone unless you beat them."

CRACK! The dragon king walked forward, "If he's acting up then I will do the same." His body crackled with magic, "Time to slaughter everyone here and put the world at rest." He stepped forward, cracking his neck.

SHATTER! The sky cracked as a ball of flame fell from the sky. Landing between everyone in a scorching blast of crimson flames.

Zaleria gasped the moment she sensed the magic coming from her, the woman stood. Flames tainting her black hair red, making it seems like burning coal. Her eyes flashed green as the ground melted beneath her feet.

"Sorry, I'm late." The woman said, but flames started oozing from her body.

BAM! Zaleria jumped forward, extending her hands to stop the flames but her arms burned to the bones.

"Leave this to me," Cain grabbed the woman's hands. Each last drop of flames disappeared as if they never existed.

The woman looked at her hands, and then at Cain, "You put them off?" She asked with shaking eyes.

"Those were some hot flames. You can't control them?" Cain asked.

The woman shook her head, "I can't control them at such low temperatures. I've been eating fire elemental for the past centuries and my flames kept growing out of control."

The woman then smiled, staring at Cain, "You can block them, are you strong? You must be strong!" She started jumping.

Thud! Cain patted her head, "Calm down. Look," He pointed back at Morena and Zaleria. Zaleria's arms were mere bones from when she tried to stop the woman's flames. Cain immediately healed those arms.

The woman froze, taking a moment to digest who she was seeing. "Zaleria, Morena?" She gasped, her eyes opening wide.

"Mother?" Zaleria gasped, about to cry.

"From what I can see she's Kossuth." Cain said with a smile, patting Kossuth's back, "They are your daughters. Go, you won't burn them."

"But, her hands," Kossuth gasped, pointing at Zaleria, "She's great wyrm and I charred her,"

"That won't happen again, as long as I'm around," Cain smiled. Kossuth looked at him, and then at her daughters. Her eyes teared down flames.

"Mother!" Zaleria rushed first, followed by Morena to hug Kossuth.

Kossuth still couldn't believe she wasn't burning them. Her power had grown so much that shouldn't stay in the mortal work or with her daughters. Causing her to shun herself to the elemental plane of fire. But even there, she has started burning everything. Not even the elementals of fire survived her flames, and she had to hibernate as a large white sun in the sky.

"Sorry to ruin your reunion, but Can you fight the dragon king?" Amaterasu approached them. Looking at Kossuth.

"He can wait, have someone else deal with him," Kossuth replied, walking away with Zaleria and Morena to talk.

"You have to fight him," Amaterasu called.

"Sorry, the only one I will listen to now is the one allowing me to hug my daughters." She glared back at Amaterasu.

"You can't,"

"No, she can," Cain stood between Amaterasu and Kossuth, "You three go talk, I will deal with everything here."

Amaterasu glared at Cain, "The next fight will be you against Moradin then,"

"No chance," Cain smiled, "You choose your fighter and I will choose mine. The loser serves the winner,"

"The fights will continue as before," Amaterasu growled.

"Fine," Cain sighed, "I face Moradin, right?"

Amaterasu conjured the fighting plane and sent Cain and Moradin there, "Hoi! Do you want to fight?" Cain asked.

"No. I'm a blacksmith, I like forging weapons and armor. I also forge dwarf souls in my forge." Moradin smiled, "And I guess drinking beer,"

Cain nodded, "I will end this fast. I don't want to fight you either, you're a good man."

"Thanks for the compliment, but I'm not falling without a fight." Moradin smiled. Blinking once and he found himself laying on the ground with Corellon looking at him.

"You're awake?" Corellon said.

Moradin stood, gasping for air, "What happened to the fight? I was about to call the hammer and..."

"All dwarfs live in colonies in the mountains. Cain used his dominion over Aria and the system to locate them and cast mind control. For a second all dwarfs worshipped him instead of you. And your divine magic dropped to zero, knocking you out." Corellon explained.

"He can do that? So I lost all my power?" He looked at his hands, he still had his power and even more. Right now, all the blacksmiths who link to the system grant him power and not only dwarfs.

"I'm stronger than before," Moradin gasped.

"We know, Cain isn't out here to hurt us or rob our power. He wants to unite everyone and set order. Amaterasu isn't happy about that." Corellon explained.

"Send someone I can't shut down." Cain remained standing inside the fighting plane, taunting Amaterasu to send more fighters.

"Kossuth, go take him down if you finished," Amaterasu growled.

eαglesnᴏνel "No way, he's allowing me to see my daughters. I won't fight him," Kossuth's answer was clear. Even Amaterasu couldn't allow her to meet Zaleria and Morena.

Amaterasu scratched her head, "Fine, Mystra, go take him down. You can use everything,"