Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Cain smiled, "It seems you can't keep a hold of yourself." Cain disappeared from Mystra's field of view. She stood, panicking, "You bastard!" Magic burned from her skin.

Cain appeared in the sky in his standard form. SWOSH! A bolt of concentrated magic rushed at him, followed by a couple hundred more. He flew in the sky, dodging one after another, but they chased him. BOM! The bolts exploded as they hit him, creating a massive blast.

"I'm not done till I erase your soul!" Mystra extended her arms. "Collecting magic, reinforcing the circuit, and Locking the dimension from one to ten." Several titanic magic circles surrounded the blast. "Burn in the ashes of time!" [Temporal destruction] Mystra screamed, casting her spell.

The time around the explosion cracked. It looked like shattering glass as the air fell apart. "I know this won't kill you," Mystra flew, pulling staff from her pocket.

BAM! BAM! She teleported one step at a time, her steps leaving small waves in the air as she danced across the cracking sky. [Inversion] She swings the staff with a closed mouth. Her curled eyebrows pulsed, and sweat dripped from her forehead.

CRACK! A blue flash emerged from the explosion, slicing the air as he cut her staff into small pieces. Mystra gasped as she saw the beast standing in front of her. Tall, muscular with two massive goat-like horns. He had two glowing green eyes and two giant bat-like wings. Dark-brown fur covered the man's body as he glared at Mystra's eyes.

"Gray seems to have some time off," Cain said, using Gray's devil form. Mystra tried to run away but he caught her by the face, "Why are you running?"

Cain smiled, "No matter what you do, I surpass in both MP and raw power. You might know more spells than me, but not more than Lilia."

Mystra struggled in his hand, blasting his body with magic. "Time to eat you. Don't worry, you will remain alive." Cain opened his mouth and it morphed into a massive Jaw.

CLING! Cain's arm got severed, letting Mystra set off into the sky. "Should I take your interference as a green light?" Cain glared back, Amaterasu stood behind him. "You can't kill her,"

"I said I wasn't. You want me to let her go?"

Amaterasu sighed, "I won't let her power fall into Lilia's hands. Giving that monster the status of the goddess of magic is a disaster."

Cain sighed, shifting to his normal form, "I know Lilia can be a handful at times, but I bet she's far better than Mystra. How long has she stayed as a god and still hadn't solved the magic disasters of the world? Till this hour, any corpse rotting in the wilderness can become a high undead. Do you know how can that affect the people?"Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"I know." Amaterasu growled, "It's that she didn't want to fix it. It's impossible to count for such small random effects. Mystra has kept the world stable, and I won't let anyone change that."

"If it isn't broken don't fix it. Mystra is good enough and you don't want to take a risk with Lilia. Especially since she has a record of causing trouble." Cain sighed, "Is that right?"

Amaterasu scratched her head, "That's it. You won't kill Mystra. It's my duty to make sure the world remains stable."

Cain nodded, "I understand. I will deal with you first." With a smile, his body started shrinking, "Master, control this one."

In an instant, it was Lilia standing before Amaterasu. "Hello! Bright sun!" Lilia waved her hand with a smile.

BAM! Amaterasu lept forward, swinging a sword at Lilia's neck. DING! She missed, finding herself standing in the field.

"Where am I?" Amaterasu gasped.

"I lied before." Cain said from behind her, "We weren't fighting in Lilia's world. That thing was mine, and it's far small than what Master Cain makes."

Amaterasu looked back, seeing Cain sitting on a stone. "Right now we're in her world. She is now busy playing with Mystra."

BAM! Amaterasu flashed toward Cain, trying to cut his head off. CLANG! He stopped her sword with his hand, "Listen, little girl. Calm down."

BAM! Amaterasu conjured a burning blade and swung at Cain's neck. He blocked her sword. "Both you and your father calling me a little girl, look at me!" She growled.

"You look like a woman but act like a brat, guess we both saw that," Cain smiled. BAM! He kicked Amaterasu away, "I have power from all the girls, demons, devils, and monsters of the abyss. I even have gods worshipping me, the fight won't be easy." Cain stood, glaring at Amaterasu.

"I don't have time for this," She growled, conjuring a small sun on her palm, "Die," She threw the sun at Cain. It flashed for a second and exploded, erasing the mountain range.

Amaterasu growled, putting her hands together as she tried to make a way to return.

Thud! A skeletal hand landed on her head, "Did you think killing me is enough to let you escape?" Cain regenerated, glaring at her back. A burning blue flame blazed from his eyes.

Amaterasu turned back, "You survived that?" FLASH! Her body ignited, sending a thermal pulse that evaporated Cain's regenerating body.

"I will kill you as many times as I need." She kept working on her magic as if nothing happened.

CRACK! Her spell shattered as she felt tentacles wrapping her body. Amaterasu gasped, "What?" She jolted, looking around. The tentacles sapped power from her limbs.

"You slimy bastard!" She growled, sending waves of magic, calling the other gods to come. No one answered, "They won't come. Your message can't leave this place,"

"If Mystra is gone, even for a fragment of a second. All the mana of the world would crack, causing an irreversible disaster. Lilia doesn't have the divine influence to reach the whole world. Some parts would get destroyed." Amaterasu growled, "We need to stop her,"

Cain smiled as he emerged from the tentacles, "Master know what she's doing. Using my powers. She will erase the magic from the world first before reconstructing it with her as the goddess of magic.

[Notice: All the magic of the world has disappeared. The system will shut down in three hours.] A notification came for Aria.

"Seem like Master already took Mystra down."

"Let me go! We're running out of time!" Amaterasu struggled and Cain kept her in place. "You're staying here with me till everything is over."

Amaterasu growled, "Fine! Shut down!" She tried to turn the sun off, but she failed. "We're in Lilia's world, you can't reach the sun outside." Cain smiled, patting Amaterasu's head.

"Why don't use create another small sun and burn me?" Cain smiled, ruffling her hair. "You can't, you don't have the strength to do it. You can't connect to the sun from here, can you?"

Cain was right, Amaterasu was getting weaker the more power he sapped from her as she can't regenerate.

"And you're too low to get out." Cain smiled, lifting his hand from Amaterasu's head. "You don't have enough magic to create a spell and get out of this world if I leave you free."

Amaterasu looked down, he is right. Those tentacles tying her down are sucking power from her body each moment. In a minute she will reach the level of a weak mortal girl.

"You worry too much, the world will be fine." Cain smiled, awaiting Lilia to call. "Can you let me go?" Amaterasu looked down.

"Give up, you're going nowhere. Lilia will soon call after she becomes the new goddess of magic." Cain sighed.

"It will be all over by that time. Magic halting for even a fraction of a second is a disaster, the world will never be the same." Amaterasu growled.

"Amaterasu!" A voice whispered in her ears, and she felt a woman hug her from the back. "Collective consciousness Aria?" Amaterasu recognized her immediately.

"You're powerless. Lilia will come for you after Mystra. What will you do?" Aria said with a grin, "Will you wait and die? Think of saving yourself before saving the world."

"Shut up!" Amaterasu growled.

"There is a sour of power here you can use. You might even save the world," Aria turned Amaterasu's head toward Cain, "How about him? You can draw power from him as his wives do. I'm sure he has more than enough."

Amaterasu shook her head, "Get out of my head,"

"Hurry, you don't have enough time." Aria whispered, "Beg, lick his toes, suck him off. That you the only way to survive and lift the dawn tomorrow."

Amaterasu shook her head violently, "Get out of my head! Get OUT!"

SWOSH! Aria appeared beside Cain, looking at Amaterasu with an amused smile, "Even Lilia did it. This is why she's far ahead of you." She rubbed her toes on Amaterasu's face.

"You're already too late to save the world. Notice: Lilia has become the goddess of magic." Aria smiled. She pulled Cain's meat out. "Lilia is coming for your head. You will be Cain's slave if you start sucking now. But she won't kill you."

CRACK! Lilia emerged from the sky, "I came back," She looked toward Cain, and found Amaterasu sucking him off.

"It's my loss. I thought she will never submit," Lilia sighed. She and Aria have made bets. Lilia said that Amaterasu would never do it, and Aria said she would break at the last moment.