Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Thud! Cain landed in the arena with Lilia and Amaterasu at his side. "What happened?" The dragon king growled.

"The battle of the gods ended." Cain clapped his hands, declaring the end as if it were nothing. The wind halted as everyone stared in shock.

BAM! The dragon king jumped at Cain, swinging his claw. CRACK! A flash of rainbow zapped across the arena, cutting the king in half. "I'm the queen. You always said I must kill you to take the throne, didn't you?" Lola smiled.

"You..." The dragon king growled, staring at his daughter. "That power..."

"All wealth and power belong to those strong enough to take it." Lola smiled, patting her father's dying head, "I'm strong enough to take the throne from you. But he's strong enough for me to submit," She looked at Cain. "Aren't you happy?"

"You damned demon dragon!" the dragon king growled, cursing his mad, Demonoid daughter.

"Yo, Amaterasu." Moradin walked forward, "What happened?"

"I lost the fight. How much damage did the world suffer?" Amaterasu asked.

Moradin checks with his dwarven priests and divine vision of the mountains. "I see no visible damage. But the magic of the world shifted. I suspect more monsters to start appearing, but humanoids are going to be stronger as well."

"I see the same thing." Corellon smiled, "On top of that, elemental affinity is a thing now. With Mystra, all people had the same chance to learn any type of magic except sorcerers. Now, there is an extra bonus to make people more willing to specialize."

Lilia walked forward, "People won't become weaker, I gave them more power. Also, spells up to the ninth tier are available for single-person use. And those with talent can force up to thirteen levels with ritual and multi-caster magic."

Poff! Aria emerged in a puff of smoke from behind Cain. "leave all the details to me. You can go rest." She smiled, hopping around, "I already got permission to use Lilia's powers as I want, so report to me."

"You got what?" Moradin gasped.

"Yeah. I gave her full access to my divine essence so she can control magic and incorporated it with the system. More balance is always good." Lilia smiled, "Let's go home, we still have problems to deal with."

From that day, the divine order changed. Some gods died, like Talos. And some retried like Zeus. Some were born like the mother of all life and some increased their power like Tiamat and Bahamut.

The old ones:

Cthulhu the great dreamer. Divine rank 20

No one knew where this monster came from, but he took the gods by storm. His symbol emerged resembling wiggling tentacles. People who prayed to him often got answers, but from other gods, never from the real one.

Aria the collective consciousness. Divine rank 20.

The world system, and the one who replies most of the time when you pray to Cthulhu. Some say she's a servant of him, and some say she created Cthulhu to set the balance for the world.

Bodhimicah the arcane library. Divine rank 20.

Everyone knew her by name. The infamous laughing tornado Lilia rose to divinity. Out of the new gods, she was the most cheerful yet the scariest. She rules over magic, yet often asks for jokes in exchange for power or knowledge. And rarely, living sacrifices.

Gracie the mother of all life. Divine rank 20.

The lusting mother of the cubus, life, death, rebirth, and love. A goddess of almost unmatched grotesque power, hidden behind the sweet mask of love. She declared her submission to the great dreamer. To be a high priest for her, you must worship the great dreamer as you do her, if not more.

The gods of the world.

Kali the ravaging destruction. Divine rank 19.

The goddess of demons and destruction. She is often seen in the form of a little girl, guiding orphans to her shrines. Out of all the high goddesses, she's most loveable. Even though she rules over demons.

Selune the white moon rabbit. Divine rank 19.

Those who gaze upon the full moon can see her dancing, hammering down the elixir of life. But those with keen eyes, they can spot another person behind her, holding a whip.

Amaterasu the blazing sun. Divine rank 19.

The arrogant sun, the goddess of dusk and down. Her power never changed, but some say she is stuck. In a dream of endless nights.

Tiamat the mother of evil dragons. Divine rank 19

The resurrected dragon goddess. She woke up and rose to the sky, ripping all expectations apart and rising to the divine rank 19. With her emergence, the chromatic circle returned. Green dragons are a secondary color. They started having yellow and blue dragons as children. Orange, pink, purple, and cyan dragons started getting born again. All as the dragon queen spread her influence through the world.

****

Bahamut the father of good dragons. Divine rank 18.

Corellon the coronal of arvandor. Divine rank 18

Moradin the soul forger. Divine rank 18

Hel the mistress of death. Divine rank 18

****

Eilistraee the dancing goddess. Divine rank 17

Lolth the demon queen of spiders. Divine rank 17

Umberlee the wavemother. Divine rank 17

...

As the battle of the gods abruptly ended with Cain's successful attack against the gods. Everyone returned to their daily life, and he had to prepare to head back to the nine hells.

Thud! Cain landed in the middle of his mansion, followed by all the girls. "Is this where you live? It's quite small," Amaterasu was the first to speak.

"You don't like it?" Cain looked at her. BAM! Sofia clenched her fist and hit Amaterasu in the head, "Why are you the one complaining?"

"I wasn't complaining!" Amaterasu growled.

"Sofia is right." Alice approached, glaring at Amaterasu.

"Fine! Let's go to my house!" Amaterasu growled, "Aria! To the palace of the sun!"

Aria smiled, clapping her hands. "I was about to ask." CLAP!

The scenery changed in a second. The mansion disappeared in the mist as a sprawling marble floor extended as long as the eyes can see. Mountain-sized pillars of pearl and gold dotted the ground. A Titanic castle of gems and rare metals rose from the ground.

Thousands of large angels flew down. They stood in a line holding their spears, "We welcome you return." They all chanted.

BAM! BAM! BAM! A battalion of angels carrying thrones marched in. Cain and each one of the girls got their own throne carried by angels. Even the maids, their thrones no less than ten angels carried their thrones.

"Feel free to use them as you see fit," Amaterasu said, jumping on her throne. Cain and the girls did the same.

Lexi looked up. The angels were massive. Each one stood at twelve feet in height. There is no way she can get on the throne they carry on their shoulders.

More angels rushed in, bowing down and forming stairs for the maids. "Please get up," One of the angels said.

"Cain!" Lexi looked back. She didn't understand what was happening and didn't want to. "Why are they doing this?"

One of the angels, a woman walked forward. "We serve Lady Amaterasu. She now serves Cain Lisworth, and so we serve him and you."

"That isn't much of an explanation!" Lexi sighed.

"Why do you care?" Klara smiled, walking on the angel stairs to get to the throne. "Go with the flow."

Lilia smiled in the back as two angels stood beside her, "They are afraid for Amaterasu." She pointed at them. "If they made a mistake, she is the one to suffer. And they don't want that."

Gracie looked around, "Lilia is right. I can sense their fear from here. To them, they know that you the maids are more important to Cain than Amaterasu herself." She looked at Cain, "Is that right?"

Cain scratched his chin. "You are right. I would be angry if they angered any of the maids."

Amaterasu sighed, looking down. "I still have a long way," She looked at Lilia, "I hate to admit it. But you were right."

The angels looked at Cain, bowing down, "Your lordship, we have one wish."

"Speak."

"Lady Amaterasu. Please treat her fairly." They all said at the same time.

Amaterasu looked at Lilia, "You better speak up," She replied.

Amaterasu looked at her angels. "You are understanding something wrong. I do not deserve to be treated fairly."

The angels gasped, glaring at her. "I want him to treat me as he sees fit. And you must want the same." Amaterasu shouted, her voice booming across the sky.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

The angels started moving, taking everyone inside the castle. "Your lordship, where do you want to go?"

"Send us to a private hall with a hundred female angels. In the meantime. Send troops disguised as humans to collect those ingredients from the mortal world." Cain then flicked his finger, pulling two female angels from the lines. "Here you go!" He pointed his fingers at their heads.

The two angels transformed to resemble Ishtar and Alva. "You two go to the fairy kingdom and deliver this mana and act per the information I laid in your heads."

The two angels fell on their knees, gasping for air. "As you order!"