Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Mira opened her eyes, staring at A large blank wall. The veils weaved with the gentle breeze, smelling of old wheat and grapes. Under a faint white light, she could hear a voice calling.

[Mira, the ship you're blocking holds the ash crow. You shall not stop it]

Mira could feel it, Chauntea's divine magic boiling behind the veil. Being this closer made her bones tickle. She didn't know what could happen if she gazed directly at the goddess.

"Lady Chauntea, I heard your words. I am glad to have heard your voice." Mira bowed. A smile crossed her face.

[You do not know the beings around you. If you were to know, you will wish to die without knowing. Show hospitality, and I will grant you a second audience far better than this one.]

BAM! Mira found herself back on the ship, falling on her knees shaking. Her body started sweating buckets. "That," she panted, "I heard her voice, I spoke to her."

For a mortal, being in the presence of a god is enough to crush their souls.

"What did she say?" Kali looked at Mira with a smile.

"Lady Chauntea ordered me to show my best hospitality. I welcome you to the wood elf kingdom. Please follow me." she smiled.

"I see, she didn't tell you anything about Cain?" Kali stared at her. "Well, she said the ship hosted the ash crow," Kali looked back at the sea.

"Wait! You could hear it?" Mira looked around at her elf guards, "You could too?"

Everyone shook their heads. "Even I didn't hear anything." Everyone replied.

Kali puffed her chest, "I the demon goddess of destruction! I can hear everything." She crossed her arms, "Worship me!"

Mira stared at her, "You must have heard me mumbled it. Come, I have some nice places you could play in."

"Wait! I'm a goddess." Kali growled.

"Yes, yes. You lordship how could I help," Mira sighed, turning around, "Please follow me!"

Everyone followed her. Kali growled, about to leap at Mira but Kayden caught her. "Calm down. It doesn't matter." He put her on his shoulder, walking out with Lily beside him.

They walked out of the ship leaving Jack, Charlotte and the sailors to tend to the ship.

One of the elvish guards approached Kayden, "Sir, do you have a moment?"

Kayden tilted his head. Kali put her hands on him and his eyes had a faint red tint.

"Do you need something?" Kayden replied.

"How did you cut our ship? Was it a sword skill or magic?" The guard asked. "Is there a way to make it harder for you to cut our ships?"FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"Make the dogs stop barking when Kali is asleep." Kayden replied with a straight face.

Kali laughed, "I thought you would as how could you slash like him." She glared at the soldier.

The soldier waved his hand, "No way. I'm not that talented with the sword. And I won't spend a century training. We have a better chance reinforcing our ships."

Kali scratched her chin, and then Kayden's head. "There is nothing that Kayden cannot slash. You can build your ships for the rarest metals and they will fall."

"Your father is strong, isn't he?" The guard smiled.

"Yes, father is strong." Kali started laughing and smacking Kayden's head with her palm.

Lily stared at them, a wry smile on her face. 'He doesn't know he's talking with a goddess and a god-killing demon lord. One wrong word and the whole kingdom will fall into destruction.'

Mira stopped as a carriage called them, "You Highness." A butler walked out of the carriage, bowing down.

"Gandor, please take care of our guests and make sure they get everything they need. There is also a crew of pirates back at the harbor. Take care of those as well."

Gandor bowed, "As you order, My lady." He opened the carriage door, "Please get in."

Mira walked in first, followed by Kayden, Kali, Lily and Mauzzkyl.

CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! Mauzzkyl and Kali started playing, clapping their hands and they chanted.

The butler glared at them and then at Kayden and Lily as if wanting them to tell the kids to be quiet.

Kayden and Lily ignored Gandors glares. What he thought was threatening didn't amount to an ant staring at them.

"Why did you come to this country?" Mira asked, looking at Kayden, "With such a crew, I bet you have some important business."

Kayden looked at Lily. "We're only tagging alone, the main crew isn't here yet." She said.

"The main crew? The ash crow Chauntea spoke of?" Mira started at Kayden, "Is he Cain that the little girl talked about?"

Kayden nodded, "Cain is the leader of the trip. He will be here soon,"

"Is sir Cain as strong as you or Mauzzkyl?" Mira asked with a smile.

"I'm stronger." Kayden replied without batting an eye.

Kali stopped playing, "Cain is strong, and his wives are as terrifying. I bet one of his maid is already far stronger that Mauzzkyl." She smiled, looking at Mira.

"You admire him a lot, don't you?" Mira patted Kali's head.

Lily looked at Kayden and then Mauzzkyl. "So, we don't really know the details of the trip. You have to wait for Cain to get an explanation."

After a few minutes. Kali stood. "Kayden, we need to move." Kayden stood, "In which direction?" He asked.

Kali pointed with her finger, and Kayden lifted her up. "Let's go."

"Sir! Please sit down. The carriage is still moving." Gandor growled.

Kayden glared at him silently as he opened the door.

"Close it!" Gandor growled again.

Hop! Kayden jumped out with Kali on his shoulders. BAM! His body disappeared leaving a shock wave.

"What speed!" Mira gasped seeing dust appear on the far-away road.

On the other side of the wood elf city, several thieves were hauling massive bags. "Boss, are you sure about this?"

"Yeah, no one will care if one or two rats disappeared from the slums." The boss replied with a smile. "All we need to do is give them a clean up and sell them in the black market." He giggled, staring inside one of the bags with a man tied inside.

"There is a market for everything. Don't let anyone escape. I don't need to say that you must pick anything valuable as well." The boss shouted.

The thieves sighed, "We could pick for ourselves."

The boss scratched his head. "Fine. Fine me a decent woman and you can have everything besides the people."

The thieves cheered as they rushed across the houses, picking everyone they saw.

One of the thieves saw a girl run away, jumping from the window as she raced across the abandoned streets. "A decent one ran to the east! Catch her!" He shouted, and the other thieves cut the girl away.

After a few moments, the girl found herself surrounded. "Fine you bastards!" She smiled, "Come at me!"

The thieves slowly approached her, "Now, don't resist and you won't get hurt."

The girl lifted her hands up, "AH! Please forgive me," she cried, but the moment the thieves took another step. The first one of them felt his leg push onto something. Cling! A massive mase, riddled with nails swung from one of the windows, cracking his skull.

"What was that!" The thieves cried but the girl smiled. "And here is more." He shook her leg, throwing the old candle she was wearing into one of the windows. BAM! BAM! Crossbows fired in her direction, causing two thieves to get hit in the back.

"Traps! Kill her before she activate more." The thieves noticed and then got on guard.

One of the thieves pulled his sword and threw it at the girl. She ducked and ran between their legs. CRACK! One of the bandits kicked her in the guts sending her body flying like a ball.

She felt one of her ribs crack a warm thing dripped across her legs. She growled, tears in her eyes and kept running.

"Damn it! She's like a rat!" The bandit growled, feeling as if his kick did nothing. He started running after the girl but soon saw something on the ground.

The thieve looked closer as the other reached him. "Look, blood and piss. I got her good."

BAM! "You idiot, we need to catch her before she dies. The boss need her alive." They rushed after the girl until they found her laying on the ground, not moving.

"Bring the healing potion." One of the thieves rushed to flip her on her back. But the moment he did that, she stabbed him with a shive in the neck.

^I can't feel my legs, I can't run away. But I will at least take one of you with me,^

"Let me got!" The thief stabbed her in the chest, kicking her away. He soon fell beside her, dying.

"Damn it! Give the bastard the potion." The thieves gave up on the girl, saving their friend.

"Let's drag her back. She might be still alive when we get there." One of the thieves approached the girl, extending his hand.

Swosh! He saw a blade cut him from the knuckles to the head and his vision went black.