Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

The thief's arm fell apart as the alley went dark. The other thieves watched their friend get cut from his knuckles to the forehead. BAM! Kayden stood there with Kali beside the girl.

"Where did he come from?"

"A fighter? Surround him." The thieves surrounded Kayden and pulled their weapons. Kali closed the girl's eyes. "She's dead. Send them to the Abyss."

Kayden's face shifted. From two eyes, his other four eyes emerged. Black veins covered his skin as he grabbed the hilt of his blade.

"What?" One of the bandits gasped. "Deformed? A demon!"

CLAP! Kayden disappeared, leaving a small crack on the ground. The thieves went blind as their heads got severed horizontally at the nose. CLICK! He sheathed his blade with blood splattering behind him.

"How is she doing?" Kayden asked, standing beside Kali. "Dead of blood loss. A hit to the abdomen damaged her liver, bladder, and intestine. She bled into her guts and died.

Kayden lifted his arm, "Should I turn her into a demon?"

"She can always reject the transformation. Try it." Kali replied.

Kayden lifted his wrist, dripping blood on the girl's mouth.

Ba-dump!

"Her heart is beating again. She accepted the transformation." Kali smiled.

"Take her back to the carriage. I will take care of the rest here." Kayden turned.

"You are right." Kali lifted the unconscious girl and disappeared.

Kayden looked back. DRON! His body disappeared in the blink of an eye like a ghost fading from life.

***

"Look! I found a golden necklace!" One of the thieves smiled. Pulling the item from the hands of a crying old man.

"Let it go!" Another thief kicked the old man in the guts. "Huh!" He gasped as he missed. No, he didn't miss. His leg isn't where it should be.

SPLASH! Blood splashed from his severed leg as the scenery ahead of him twisted. His head fell to the ground.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"Ronan!" the other thief cried, he soon died without seeing what killed them. Kayden was too fast for them to see. By the time they saw blood, he had already left.

The old man snatched his necklace back and crawled away. "I saw it! For a second there." He gasped. "A dark shadow, flew past the thieves, dicing them."

BAM! BAM! BAM! Kayden rushed across the building, killing any thief he came across without a care in the world. That kept going until he finally found a couple of them talking. It was the boss and some of his crew.

ZIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII! The door opened, screaming as it thirsted for oil. The thieves glared at the door, seeing Kayden glaring at them with his six eyes dancing.

"A demon!" The boss cried, pulling his hand crossbow and firing at Kayden.

Ding! The bolt shattered mid-air, "You're the leader?"

"Why do you ask?" The boss smiled. But his vision immediately turned black. That was the only confirmation Kayden wanted. He killed him and his men before they could react.

Kayden stood there above the corpses as a couple of slum residents cried in the back, thinking they are next.

Kayden lifted his wrist, dripping blood from the thief's boss.

The thief boss gasped back to life as a demon. "Who sent you here? With whom you're working?" Kayden asked.

"Baron Sylanty and his wife Domina. They are the ones buying slum dwellers to sell as slaves." The demon boss replied.

"Where do they live?"

"In the royal castle, the southern quarter. They are the ones responsible for the country's economic decisions."

"Good. Free everyone you captured and then kill yourself." DRON! Kayden disappeared.

The demon boss freed everyone and then his body exploded into minced meat. Kayden's blood ripped him from the inside.

***

At the royal castle. The baron's wife, Domina sat naked on her bed, brushing her hair as she awaited Sylanty's return. Today was a merry day, they will get a new shipment of slaves which will turn a huge profit.

"Sylanty. How much do you think it will be this time?" She asked with a smile.

"I would say a bit more than last time. I made sure to tell them to collect more. And I also found a new market to sell in."

"Is it the one you talked about before?"

"Yeah. They pay more for healthy young men who could work. They also take children." Sylanty laughed.

Domina stood, walking toward the mirror to check her hair. She looked and saw Kayden walk in through the balcony as if this was his house. He glared at her, and she turned around with a scared face.

"Domina?" Kayden said.

"GUARDS!" Domina screamed and the door got kicked open. Tens of elvish guards rushed in, surrounding Kayden.

Domina rushed to cover her body with a blanket. "Kill him!" She growled.

The guards swung at Kayden, but their attacks bounced from his body as he ignored their existence. "You're Domina?"

Sylanty rushed out of the other room, panting. "Domina, is there an intruder?"

Kayden looked back at him. "So she's Domina." Kayden started walking toward her as the guards kept attacking him.

Domina lifted her hand [Wind Blast] Thud! Instead of magic coming out, her forearm fell to the ground and she screamed.

Kayden grabbed her by the hair, and the guards started swinging at his arm. Clinging to his legs to stop him. But they failed.

Kayden dragged the screaming domina to the balcony with all the guards clinging to his legs. And threw her out.

BAM! She fell to her death, naked in the royal garden.

Sylanty rushed toward Kayden, trying to push him from the balcony but failed. Kayden turned his head, seeing the man half crying with an angry face. "Why are you sad? Was this bitch your wife?"

Sylanty's face turned red, his eyes almost jumping from his Skull. He lifted his hand, [Tempest...] Thud! His forearm fell to the ground.

"So you're Sylanty," Kayden grabbed him by the neck, and he couldn't even scream.

"Leave him alone!" One of the guards screamed. And Kayden stared down. "No," He threw Sylanty from the balcony.

Sylanty fell to his death in the royal garden, a few feets away from his wife.

Kayden swung his sword to get the blood off. He then walked out with the guards still clinging to his legs to stop him. He walked across the hallway with every single royal guard trying to stop him, but they failed.

The maids hid and closed the doors as the guards screamed to call reinforcement. At that moment, Mira and the rest reached the royal castle and heard the calls. They rushed to see Kayden walking with a casual twenty people trying to stop him with ropes.

"Everyone stop! What is happening here!" Mira screamed, rushing in. She knew Kayden was killing bandits as Kali told them, but she didn't expect to find him in the royal castle.

"Your Highness! He murdered Domina and Sylanty!" One of the guards cried, rushing to her. "We need high magic. This demon isn't aggressive against us, but we can't get him to stop moving."

"Kayden!" Mira rushed in and Kayden stopped, staring at her. "Why did you kill them?"

"They are the ones hiring thieves," Kayden replied.

"In that case, you should have reported it, and we will put them on trial." Mira sighed, "You can't kill nobles like that."

"Will your trial bring the dead children back?" Kayden said with a blank face.

"Would your trial set an example of them? They were doing this for a while, did your trial save any of the victims?" Kayden walked toward her.

"It didn't, but we didn't know it was them." Mira clenched her teeth. "If we knew and had proof, we would have executed them with poison in the prison."

"That's too soft," Kayden growled. "They are nobles, they can fake proof as much as they want." He remembered how nobles in Ourals got his dog shop closed. Those people can't be trusted to have a fair trial. They will always get away.

Now that Kayden put his sword away. The guards, maids, and other nobles hiding felt safer and started coming out.

The guards stood, "Please come with us," Their biggest one stared at Kayden.

Kayden tilted his head, "You're a big boy," He patted the soldier's head and walked away.

One of the nobles came out. "Guards! Chain him down!" He shouted.

"Get back inside," Mira screamed.

"I will get it, but we need to get this man punished for his murders." The noble growled.

Kayden stared at the noble. "And you didn't do anything when those two were kidnapping and selling children?"

"Killing a noble is a more severe crime and a pressing matter." The noble growled. "You can't just kill the minister of finances."

"You don't say." Kayden looked at the noble. Thud! The noble's head fell to the ground. "Children aren't important?"

Mira gasped. 'Unstoppable demon. Chauntea warned us, we can't anger him further.' She growled, "Move away from him. Let him alone."

"We can't do that, your highness Mira." The pope of the country walked in, "He must die for the crime of killing three nobles."

"You serve Chauntea like Mira? Don't you?" Kali said with a smile.

"Yes," The pope looked at her, "You're a demon as well?" He gasped.

"Hoi! Aunt chauntea, can you deal with this one?" Kali looked at the sky.

CRACK! The pope's holy symbol shattered as his powers faded. His face turned pale as he felt all the blessings he had disappeared. Chauntea rejected him.