Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

[Demon Art Nineteenth form: Blight] Kayden swung his blade upward. He sent a slash that absorbed water from everything in its path.

The ground before Kayden dried, the plants withered and the dirt cracked. "This one is dangerous," Lily said.

"It could kill anyone that comes into contact with it." Kayden looked at his sword.

He then took a step back and pointed his sword forward, taking a deep breath. [Demon Art Twentieth: Hallucinatory Terrain]

BAM! The air blew cold as the ground shifted. Small plants grew as large as the trees and the building disappeared. The thick mist fell from the sky as everyone in the castle felt a cold shiver down their spines.

Everyone froze in place, it was like getting glared at by someone.

Kayden was nowhere to be seen unless he wants to. The whole area became his domain to fight. It disturbs everyone's senses to give him an advantage.

"This will be useful to prevent people from running away." Kayden smiled, turning the art off and everything returned to normal.

"Kayden! The girl woke up." Kali called from the training ground door.

***

Back in the heavens, Cain looked at the girls, his eyes fixated on Amaterasu. "I'm building a city in the abyss. We need a sun there."

Amaterasu scratched her head, "I can provide light, but not a sun. You can change the rest with magic."

"That will do." Cain nodded and shifted his attention to Lolth. "I want you to make the largest cocoon you can. You can ask Aria or Lilia for help with any magical or structural integrity."

Lolth smiled, "I'm already working on it. It will be ready soon. But," she glared at Cain, "Can I expect a reward at the end?"

"Of course. Do your best."

"Umberlee, how are you doing?" Cain looked at Umberlees who sat on her throne. She didn't look that good, but she has almost recovered.

"I'm fine thanks to you." She lowered her head. "Thanks for standing up for me."

"Don't mind that. I will protect those under me at all costs." Cain smiled, "When you recover, I want a sea, some lakes, and rivers in the new kingdom. Fish need to be plenty."

"I will make sure to get it done in time."

"Cain." Eilistraee looked at Cain, "Can I have a lake and a moon there?"

"I was about to ask Selun about a moon. You can pick a lake from the kingdom after the place is built." Cain smiled, turning toward Selune.

"As you heard. We need a night and day cycle. Can you make a moon?"

"Please give me a moment to check." Selune closed her eyes as she felt the power flowing through her.

"I should be able to pull it off in time. If I had a bit more magic." She smiled, "Can I get some extra?"

"You can have it. Report to me after this meeting."

Cain then looked in the other direction. "Hel, or should I say Akame?"

"Akame will be enough. Master." Akame smiled.

"The kingdom will be open to everyone. That includes undead and vampires. I want you to make sure they don't hurt anyone else."

Akame looked down, "It's easy to have them not attack anyone. But dealing with the necrotic magic is going to be a pain."

Lilia smiled, "I was trying to develop new magic to suppress necrotic. You can come to help me with it and we might get the job done."

Akame smiled, "To think I will help the laughing tornado in a project, it's an honor."

"Then I will leave it to you two." Cain smiled.

"Sofia, same for you. I want dragons to start living there as well, try to make it work with Lola's help." Cain looked at them.

"Is that true?" Lola smiled, "I will get them to start moving in when the plane is ready. Or should I get them before to help with construction?"

Sofia scratched her head, "They could help with terraforming. But I doubt they can do much more than magic."

"Call them in the late stages when we need to make the final touches. They can do that part while we focus on the bigger picture like getting an actual sun in the sky."

"For that, I can help," Kossuth said with a smile. "Given enough time. I could create a sizeable sun in the sky."

"You can do that?"

Kossuth looked up, touching her lips, "I became a sun while hibernating in the elemental plane of fire."

Cain looked at her, "You have the potential but it was achieved with a long time."

Kossuth smiled, "I was wondering if you could help me get stronger."

Cain looked at her, and then At Zaleria and Morena. "We already talked about it. That's okay, but you still need to beat her."

"Of course." Cain nodded, looking at Kossuth. "Then get ready."

Kossuth smiled, "Please don't hold back. I always dreamed of a man stronger than me."

Cain then looked at Lilia. "I know you're working with Akame. But can you find a way to fill the plane with breathable air?"

"That won't be a problem," Lilia smiled. "Expect it to be done."

"We have the sun, the moon. Night and day. Earth, plants, water. What do we need more than this?" Cain looked at the girls.

"Animales and monster." Gracie looked at Cain. "Bring a pair of each and I will bless them to fill the land without a problem."

"That reminds me. The succubus kingdom, the earth demons, and the rest of the cocoons. Please link them to the main kingdom." He looked at Lolth.

"I will get it done with Gracie's help. Don't worry." Lolth nodded and Cain smiled.

"Alice, I want to link the hell layers we concurred as well. Any suggestion?" He looked at her.

"I suggest using Fierna as a meditator. She is quite obedient." Alice smiled. Marina looked at Cain. "Yeah, in the past weeks, she has become one of your most devoted believers. She is a good candidate."

"I will contact her later." Cain nodded. "And what of Malbolge, are all the succubus there okay?"

Chuntea smiled. "When I was there last, the cubus there have enlisted some chan devils from Minauros to help with the sinners. The place is a beautiful green land now, but they still perform their duties."

He then looked at Chauntea and Jemima, "The land in the abyss needs to be terraformed into a livable space as well. You two take care of that."

"M-Me?" Jemima gasped, glaring at Cain. "There is no way I can work with Chauntea."

Cain looked at Chauntea, "Can you get Suzan back?"

"Huh?" Jemima stared at them, dumbfounded.

"I should be able to do it if I have more magic. The plant itself has been lost and finding it is hard." Chauntea smiled.

"You heard her. Both of you work hard and I will make sure you get Suzan back."

"T-thank you!" Jemima bowed down.

"Selena, as you might be expected, the new kingdom will have a vast wilderness. I want you to take dominion over that space with Hati. Make sure everyone is under control."

"As you order-nya!" Selena smiled.

"I will make sure to live up to your expectation," Hati growled.

"Hehe," Akame smiled, "You don't want to lose to me again, do you?"

"Shut up! I will get you next time."

Cain looked at Isbert. He want to change the conversation before the girls could start fighting. "Isbert. I want you to regulate the temperature across the plane. Do it by freezing location based on Aria's direction."

Aria who sat beside Cain smiled. "I will set them for you." she then shifted her glare at Hati and Akame. "What did I tell you two about fighting?"

The two shivered for a moment. "We won't fight again," Akame sighed.

"I know. I just wanted a friendly spare." Hati looked away.

Thud! Cain patted Aria's head. "Let them be." He then looked at Sara and Noel.

"Sara, I want you to act as the new kingdom diplomat with Marina's help. You two work together as the royal and religious parts of the leadership."

Sara nodded, "I will do my best."

"Of course. Anything you want." Marina smiled.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

"Noel, you will take the military part. Make sure you shape all the soldiers into powerful knights." Cain smiled.

"But I'm just a human. Aren't you expecting demons and monsters among the troops?" Noel looked at Cain with a concerned face.

"That can be solved easily." Cain smiled.

"Fine, then I will do my best." She bowed slightly.

"Olivia, I would like you to be the kingdom's alchemist. Can I count on you to make enough potions to help with the start?" Cain looked at her.

Olivia stared at Cain with an exhausted face. "I might be obsessed with making potions, but I can't do all of that alone."

Cain smiled, "Lolth, you're a great alchemist as well. Send some of your angels to help."

"I will do that, but I also suggest you send Alora. The former succubus queen. She's quite skilled with potions as well."