ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Cling! Cain landed in the empty wastelands of Hades. "Are you sure we can fight here?" He looked back.

"Of course! Go ahead!" Hades smiled, waving his arm as he disappeared. "Destroy as much as you want." His voice boomed in the sky.

BAM! Kossuth landed a fair distance from Arad. "Are you ready? I don't want to say it, but I'm not weak."

Cain smiled, pulling his sword. "I know. Zaleria said the same thing, and she lost."

"You're saying I'm like my daughter? Isn't it the reverse?" Kossuth cracked her hands. "I'm taking you in even if I win."

CLANG! In a single move. Kossuth squatted down. Fire gushing under her feet. They burned crimson red, shifting to blue, then white, and then into a dark black flame with a white core.

"She's hot." Cain smiled. Those flames were far hotter than anything he had seen. Inanna's flames or Amaterasu's sun, nothing reached this level.

Cain held his sword forward. "Did anyone ask you where all that power comes from? I'm still keeping your flames sealed, did you know?"

Kossuth spread her arms as she took a deep breath. "I only burn hotter each time I use my flames." She glared at Cain, fire gushing from her nose. "You sealed my power, but that doesn't mean I can resist it." She had allowed him to seal her flames so she can meet her daughters without burning them, but now she can break free.

BAM! Cain's seal shattered from the heat and Kossuth's flames disappeared. Only leaving a haze akin to a mirage around her body.

CRACKLE! The flames returned in the next moment. Pitch black and they crackled like lightning from her hands to her toes.

"A fire so hot it's burning the light coming from it." Cain smiled, "But you're been powering up for a while."

"If I unleashed everything at once. The whole place would explode." She smiled, lifting her hips up. "Here I come."

BAM! She lunged forward, leaving an explosion of hellish flames behind her. She moved ahead of the blast, the sole of her foot reached an inch from Cain's face.

SWOSH! Cain smiled, shifting his body and sending an uppercut at her solar plexus. CRACK! The hit connected, but he didn't feel any bones breaking.

CLAP! The two disappeared at that moment. The girls who were watching from the mansion gasped. Where did they go? Everyone lost track of them.

BAM! A mountain to the east erupted in flames as a hole exploded in its side. "There!" Sofia gasped, but there was nothing.

CRACK! A large claw mark emerged on a faraway land, leaving the ground molten like lava.

"How fast are they moving?" Alice gasped.

Kossuth saw Cain flying toward her. She swung her palm down, releasing a massive claw of concentrated heat. He weaved between the slashes and reached her, punching her in the guts.

Cain punched Kossuth in the guts, but his forearm went missing. The heat coming from her burned it off.

ZON! He could see Kossuth's knee coming at him. He dodged and swung a kick at her face. SWOSH! His foot evaporated as soon as he touched her face.

'I can't hit him. He's too fast.' Kossuth thought.

'I can't damage her. She's too hot' Cain thought.

Both pulled back. Cain kept his eyes on Kossuth as he changed the composition of his sword.

Kossuth took a deep breath as she landed. Increasing the heat beneath her feet so she can leap faster.

In a single move. Both of them tried to fix their disadvantages. Cain rushed forward, swinging his sword.

Kossuth looked forward. She can't dodge, but she is fast enough to deflect the hit with one arm while punching with the second. CLANG! She hit Cain's blade with her left forearm, feeling a sharp pain radiate up to her head.

'Sudden temperature drop? It's that sword, he did something. But it doesn't matter.' her right fist already was an inch away from Cain's face.

CRACK! Kossuth's fist connected to Cain's face, tearing his head off. 'Did I win?'

CLAP! At that moment, she felt a hand land on her face. A fist pushing against her cheek. She clenched her teeth, but couldn't absorb the blow.

BAM! She got sent to the ground.

It was now that the girls could see them again, and what they saw was Kossuth laying on the ground. Bleeding from her nose as Cain flew, headless.

"Mother!" Zaleria gasped.

"Cain!" Sofia gasped.

The two girls looked at each other. "Cain will be fine." Sofia scratched her head. "But is Kossuth okay?" They looked up.

"Guh!" Kossuth gasped. "What was that?"

Thud! Cain regrew his head, "It will be my loss if I didn't have regeneration. I will give you that." He landed beside her.

Kossuth sat up, "The fight isn't over yet." She glared at her left arm, it felt numb and cold. The heat wasn't up to her standards. "What did you do to me?"

"I moved heat out of you the moment you touched my sword." Cain replied. "You're strong and fast. Your heat is something else as well. But you miss one thing." Cain smiled.

Kossuth stood, "And what is that? Care to tell me?"

"You can't control cold like Zaleria. The moment I start sucking heat from you, I can get a crap ton out. You know how to release heat, but not how to keep it in." Cain pointed at her arm.

Kossuth smiled. "I only have to make more heat." BAM! Her arm exploded with black flames.

CREEK! Cain's sword seeped into his arm, mixing with his skin. "Now my whole body is absorbing your heat and releasing it outside. If I hit you, or you hit me. You will suffer in both cases."

"And what if I don't?" Kossuth took a breath, clapping her hands. KABOOM! Flames erupted from her palms into a massive black rose that kept on expanding.

The girls in the mansion gasped. "That isn't some ordinary flames! It's so hot it's burning everything away."

"Kossuth will lose." Lilia said in the back.