Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Cain smiled, looking at Kossuth. "Come with me." He then looked back. "Selune, you as well." The two followed him and the rest left to their work.

"Do you have a room we can use?" Kossuth started at Cain with a smile.

"I have more than we could ever need." Cain looked back at them, slightly tilting his head. "By the way. What are you okay with and what isn't."

Selune shifted to her half-rabbit form. Her long white ears twitched. "My ears are sensitive but fragile. If you pulled on them a bit hard, I could have a severe headache." She strokes her ears.

"Is that true? I thought you never minded them getting torn in battles." Kossuth stared at Selune.

"In battle I expect pain. I can tolerate it. But it will deter from the important things here." Selune smiled, touching her tiny, fluffy tail. "My tail is the end of my spine. It isn't sensitive, and I don't feel much from it. Like an elbow or a knee."

Kossuth touched her head and butt, "For me...Lilia advised me to relax. I would love it rough, so please be as violent as you can. Don't worry, I can jump away whenever I want."

Cain looked at Kossuth, "Are you sure? You sound more and more like Zaleria."

"It's Zaleria who sounds like me." Kossuth sighed as they saw a large bed before them.

"Well then, you two sit there and don't do anything unless I say."

Thud! Thud! Selune and Kossuth sat beside each other on the bed. They looked at each other and smiled.

"Kossuth is first." Cain approached Kossuth, kissing her as his hand slowly carried her large chest. He squeezed and let go as she twitched.

Selune stared at them with interest, her palm slowly slid toward her chest and pinched her nipple.

Cain turned to face Selune. "I said to not do anything until I say." He pointed at Selune's hand. "Sorry!" She panicked.

"This is one. You will be our support since you didn't listen." Cain smiled. "Now wait till I tell you to do something. Make another two mistakes and I will pull on your ears."

Selune nodded with a red face, spreading her arms apart so she won't touch herself.

Cain turned back to Kossuth, lowering his palm down and exposing her chest. "AH!" Kossuth shivered as he went down to lick her nipples.

Selune watched them, focusing on keeping her hands away. Her hips slowly rubbed on the bed as if she had an itch down there.

Cain turned toward Selune, "This is your second warning. Are you doing it on purpose?"

Selune noticed that she was rubbing herself on the bed, "Sorry!" She gasped.

"I know you can't wait, but do it." Cain turned back toward Kossuth. This time he flicked his fingers. Click! Her upper clothes disappeared. Leaving her only with black panties and thigh-high socks.

"You look softer than Zaleria." Cain licked her stomach, stopping at her belly button. "You have a bit more fat from sleeping too much."

Kossuth gasped, her legs contracting as she moaned.

"How long are you going to tease me?"

Cain looked at her eyes and smiled. "Until I'm satisfied." He went down, kissing her tights. Kossuth closed her eyes, expecting him to reach her most parts. But she felt him skip to her knees.

"Wait! Where are you going?" Kossuth put her hand on Cain's hair.

Cain looked at her face and then kept going without replying.

He kissed her calves and then stopped at her feet. Giving them a gentle kiss as he sucked on her toes for a bit.

Cain stopped for a moment. Looking at Selune. "Your thighs are rubbing on each other and you're twirling your toes. This was your last chance." He pointed. "You're supporting us."

"Hehe!" Selune gasped, taking a deep breath. "Sorry, what should I do?"

"Wait a moment."

Cain finished sucking on Kossuth's toes and stood. "Turn around and lay on your back. Put your head on the bed edge."

As Kossuth laid as Cain told her. He pulled his flesh and slowly pushed it deeper into her throat. He started moving in and out as he squeezed her chest.

"AH! That's it. All the way in," Cain gasped, slowly getting faster and faster.

Selune stared at them, panting. "What could I do?"

Cain pulled Selune in by the hand, sitting her on Kossuth's stomach and kissing her. "Don't worry, this is just the start."

Selune looked at Cain's face as their lips parted, "I thought you would be more violent."

"I won't be from the start." Cain smiled, gently stroking her ears. "Or did you want me to pull them off?"

"Please don't," She gasped.

"Then do as I say no matter what." Cain accelerated his hips, emptying a load into Kossuth's throat. He slowly pulled out as she gulped everything down with a smile. "Ah!" She gasped opening her mouth. "Can we keep going?"

Cain smiled. "Stay as you are." He pushed Selune to the side and removed Kossuth's black panties. He immediately shoved his flesh back into her throat and he started licking her front hole. "Selune, you lick her butt."

Selune looked at Kossuth's butt for a moment. "Do I have to?" She then shifted her eyes at Cain.

Cain stared at her. "Do what you think will be best for you."

Selune took a deep breath and went to her knees. Kissing Kossuth's butt and shoving her tongue deep inside the hole.

"I thought you didn't like it?" Cain looked at Selune with a smug smile.

"I don't like it." She sighed. "But, I feel like I could get more of you by doing it."

"You remind me of how Alice is," Cain giggled, liking Kossuth as he moved his hips up and down in her throat.

After a while, Cain released another load in Kossuth's throat, filling her stomach. "The second one." He pulled out of her mouth.

Kossuth gulped everything down and looked at Cain. "You still had that much."

"I have lakes upon lakes stored up. And I produce more than I could ever use." Cain smiled, turning Kossuth down. "Spread it up!" He opened her butt and took a good look.

"Please be rough," Kossuth gasped.

SLAP! Cain slapped her butt as hard as he could and she wailed, "GAHAHA!" Followed by a faint giggle.

Without giving her a moment to rest, or a chance to breathe. Cain shoved his whole length, violently on one go into her butt.

"GHAAAAA!" Kossuth grunted, gasping for air. "Use the front."

Cain grabbed her by the neck and whispered in her ear. "You don't get to choose."

Cain made himself a bit bigger than what she could handle and started humping faster and faster. "Please stop! It hurt!" Kossuth cried, trying to pull her body across the bed.

Cain kept an eye on her mind, and it was stable. "It's true that she felt pain, but it wasn't enough to actually faze her. The tantrum was a mere act."

"Is she okay?" Selune asked.

"She is, don't worry about her," Cain said, lifting Kossuth up and going deeper into her butt.

"But she's begging and crying." Selune glared closer at Kossuth.

Kossuth's expression suddenly became calm even though Cain is still blasting her insides.

"I'm fine." She pulled Selune toward her. "Cain," She looked back.

Cain stopped moving and looked at Selune. "Start licking her. And make sure to drink everything."

After a while, Cain finally unloaded again, dropping Kossuth shivering on the bed. Selune sat on the ground gasping for air. DING! Something clicked inside Cain's head. Thud! Aria appeared beside them, "Oh! What a mess." She looked at Kossuth. Thud! Amaterasu appeared behind Aria.

"The lights are up this quickly?" Cain looked at Aria.FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"Of course." Amaterasu gasped with her arms crossed. "What did you expect from me? The other girls already started working on the land."

Aria nodded, "It's quite confusing to have light without an actual sun in the sky. I want to take Kossuth there to make the sun."

Cain scratched his head. He and Aria are the same person so he understands what she wants. The sun must get up and he knows it.

"You won't need Amaterasu, so leave her here and take Kossuth." He patted Kossuth's thighs and she sat up.

Cain touched her front hole, "We'll get back to this next time."

Kossuth stood. Cain flicked her fingers and she got cleaned and wore her clothes. "Thank you." she smiled.

"Let's go," Aria grabbed Kossuth by the arm and they teleported away.

Amaterasu was floating in the sky as she stared down at Cain and Selune. "I will watch as you entertain Selune." she crossed her arms, putting one leg on the other.

Cain looked at Selune, "Do you still have the stamina?"

Selune stood, cracking her neck. "Of course, What could I do?"

Cain scratched his head. "Well, since I have the sun and moon."