Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Thud! Kossuth and Aria landed in the empty wastelands. A large ball of energy rained a radiant light down from the heavens. "Oh! That Amaterasu, she has no skills." Kossuth sighed.

"She has the power but not the skill and artistic sense to create something beautiful." Aria patted Kossuth's back. "Go up there and make us something decent."

Kossuth stared at Aria. "I will shape the flames in a large sphere, and compress them so they can keep burning from Amaterasu's magic."

"That will do." Aria smiled, "Everyone is working. Please keep any blasts low. I don't want to hurt anyone on the ground."

Kossuth smiled. "Don't worry. I can control my flames as long as I am using enough of them. I can't control candles, but I can control massive heat blasts." Her eyes flashed red as her body combusted. BAM! In the blink of an eye, her legs contracted, squatting down. ZON! Aria disappeared before she could get blasted.

BOOM! Flames erupted beneath Kossuth's feet as she lunged toward the sky. Jets of flames pushed her up from her feet.

CLAP! A shockwave exploded around her body as she accelerated, and her flames grew larger.

BOOM! In a rose of inferno, a massive draconic figure made of pure red flames extended its wings.

ROAR! As her roar boomed across the sky. A white flash of light washed over the horizon as if something was about to detonate.

"Ah! Shit," One of Lolth's angels who was flying around surveying the place gasped as she felt the heat. She went blind from the light, feeling her wings catch on fire.

ZON! Aria flew in catching her and teleporting away. "I told her to be careful. I guess she didn't notice you." She looked at her hands, and the angel was already a piece of charcoal. Thud! Aria landed outside the cocoon. Lolth and some succubus were talking about their plans.

"Aria?" Lolth gasped, looking back as she felt the magic in the air.

"Yeah," Aria walked toward them, "This is yours. Can you heal her?" She asked, showing the burned angel to Lolth.

"What happened? Lay her on the ground." Lolth rushed forward, she pulled some strings and started healing the angel. She wasn't used to this, she never treated them that well, but now Cain will eat her if she didn't.

"Kossuth is about to create the fake sun," Aria replied, looking down.

"Was she caught in the heat blast? I thought I made them strong enough to at least handle that." Lolth sighed. All the magical defenses she gifted the angel were burned off.

"No, she didn't get caught in the heat blast. This was only the light from Kossuth's transformation." Aria said with a passive face.

"What? I know she's strong, but to almost kill an angel." Lolth gasped.

"You could say she killed her. If I didn't save her, she would be dead." Aria smiled. "Remember that the heat blast even killed Lilia's body?"

Lolth sighed, "And Cain managed to beat that monster. How fast is his strength growing?"

"Faster than you all." Aria smiled.

"How fast? I didn't think he would be at this level so soon." Lolth sighed. "Forget beating him, getting strong enough to stand before him will be impossible."

"If you were a cat, he's a horse. In growth." Aria smiled, "Since he's stronger, he's getting stronger even faster."

Lolth sighed as the angel's burns disappeared, "You're a part of him, right?" She looked at Aria.

"Of course. I'm not only a part, I'm him." Aria smiled, "This conversation between us, he's hearing it and replying. I told you before we're the same person, but not exactly."

Lolth stood, whispering, "Fine. Could you give me some advice to get stronger? Anything will do."

"There is a way for you to get stronger quickly." Aria smiled, "But you won't like it."

"It doesn't matter, tell me."

Aria thought about it. "Let me sit this clear. I won't tell, because I'm sure you will back off if you know beforehand." She glared at Lolth. "Finish what the work Cain assigned to you first, and then come to me if you wanted to get stronger."Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

"I can get the angels to finish the work, I already laid the plans." Lolth stared at Aria.

Aria sighed. Extending her palm. "Let me be clear, you will loath it, hate it, want to die. The moment you touch my palm and learn of the plan, I will force you to go along with it, no matter what you think."

"Why are you making it sound so bad?" Lolth titled her head.

"You're consenting, but I'm sure you won't after you know what awaits you. Touch my hand, and I won't care about that and make you stronger." Aria glared at Lolth, "This is a deal with the devil. You're asking an eldrich horror for power, so expect nothing but suffering."

Lolth took a deep breath, "I can't back down?"

"I won't let you."

"Fine, Loth grabbed Aria's hand. Do whatever it takes, even if I hated it."

FLASH! The two disappeared. SPLAT! Lolth felt herself stand on something wet and soft, "Where are we?" She gasped.

Aria flicked her finger and the place lit up. They stood in a large flesh dungeon. "Is this one of the dungeons the succubus feed off?" Lolth gasped.

"No," Gracie walked inside in her maid uniform. "I build this on Aria's request."

"You said you're going to make me stronger ." Lolth glared at Aria.

"And I will. Let Gracie explain." Aria looked at Gracie.

Gracie glared at Lolth. "You aren't weak, you're strong than most people so making yourself stronger is going to be a pain. That's why we need this room." Gracie walked around. "Of course, Cain is watching and this place is built from his flesh mixed with mine."

"What do you mean?"

"I'm the mother of all life, and you're inside my womb. Except, I built it from Cain's flesh. This is where we will raise your potential to its limits." Gracie smiled.

"What are you going to do? Birth me a new body?" Lolth joked.

Gracie stared at Lolth, "You're smarter than you look."

"Wait what?" Lolth gasped.

Gracie tapped her foot on the ground and tentacles emerged from the walls. "You will get impregnated by Cain, birth thousands of eggs. I will then find the strongest one with the highest potential and rebirth you into it. We then keep on repeating until we get you strong enough."

Aria smiled, "You wanted to get impregnated by Cain at the start, didn't you?" She poked her back.

"Wait, that would take a long time." Lolth gasped.

"No, it won't," Gracie replied walking toward Lolth. "Since you're in my womb, you won't waste time being pregnant, the eggs will quickly rush out. I also won't waste time and kill you immediately."

"I'm not liking this." Lolth took a step back but the tentacles tied her.

"Don't worry." Gracie smiled. "I can help you feel less pain."

"I'm leaving. You got her." Aria walked away and disappeared. "Don't leave me here!"

Gracie smiled, touching Lolth's face. "Let me explain in detail."

A large tentacle lay on Gracie's hand. This will penetrate you and release a load instantly and pull out. After a second eggs will flow out of you like a stream and I will pick the best.

Another tentacle lay on Gracie's hand.

"This one will penetrate your back end, expand, and kills you in the next second." Gracie smiled.

"All the eggs would disappear and the one I chose will hatch immediately as I rebirth you into it. The moment you get out. This tentacle will go down your throat and use my magic to force you to fully grow in the third second. And then we will repeat."

"Please don't!"

Gracie looked at Lolth with a blank face, "Remember Shar? She broke after twelve cycles. I do intend on keeping you here for a few days."

"I won't be able to handle it!" Lolth cried as the tentacles ripped her clothes off. "Let me go."

Gracie looked at her and then at the ceiling, she nodded. "You aren't getting out, but I asked Cain and he said I could give you something to make it a bit easy."

"Just let me out! I don't want this." Lolth struggled.

"Aria warned you." Gracie approached her. "Open your mouth if you want to reduce your pain a bit."

Lolth started panting as her heart raced. She knew hell awaited her, and she can't escape. She opened her mouth and Gracie spat in it.

Lolth gulped the spit down. "As you know, aphrodisiac to help with the pain."

Gracie flicked her finger, and both went through one cycle. Her wails quickly shook the place.

"It didn't seem to reduce much pain." Gracie looked at the tearing Lolth, "But you got a bit more potential in you."

"I can't, please let me go. I beg of you!" Lolth started crying.

"No, I won't." Gracie looked at her. "I just asked Lilia and she said I have more concentrated aphrodisiac down here." She touched her crotch. "Want to drink it?"

"Anything that will make this easier to bear." Lolth decided to give up, getting through this as fast as possible was her only solution.