Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Cain took a deep breath and sighed. She wanted to get stronger, he thought.

"What are thinking about?" Amaterasu asked, glaring at him.

"Lolth is getting stronger," Cain replies with a smile. Looking down at the two girls.

Ouch! Cain gasped feeling teeth on his flesh. "Be careful, it hurts." He glared at Amaterasu.

"Then don't think about other girls." She squeezed his shaft tightly and clenched her fist around his jewels.

"Be gentle or no treats."Cain wheezed, rubbing her head.

"Selune has been obedient and she goes nothing." She looked at Selune pushing her tongue into Cain's back end.

Cain looked back at Selune and smiled. "Say what do you want to do?"

Selune pulled her tongue out of Cain and smiled. "I enjoy a good pounding. But I seem to have grown to like licking you. It's like sticking my tongue into a jar of honey." She kissed his butt with a smile.

"I want something else, like Amaterasu." Cain looked at her with a smile.

Selune stood with a grin, she looked at Amaterasu sucking Cain and smiles. "I see what you want. I will give you the same list." She got her face close to Cain and kissed him.

"Hoi! What are you two doing?" Amaterasu growled, glaring at Cain and Selune.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Selune smiled, glaring back at her. "Playing under the sun." She then turned toward Cain. "Amaterasu wanted to be dominant, let's exchange places." She gently pushed Arad to sit on the white bed behind them.

Thud! Selune rested her foot on the bed's edge, spreading her legs apart. "Lick it."

Cain smiled. "Of course," He started licking.

Amaterasu glared at them, "I'm the one who asked for that first."

Selune looked at her with an evil grin, "Get on your knees and start sucking."

Amaterasu glared at Selune with an angry red face. "HA!" She sighed deeply, getting down and sucking. "You're regretting this."

"AH! I like it," Selune started playing with her chest, closing her eyes and wiggling her hips. "Why are you so good at this?"

Cain looked at her, going even harder and forcing her to grab his head. "AH!" She gasped, his legs barely lifting her, "Slower! Slower! I can't take it!"

Cain grabbed Selune by the hips, lifting her up and sticking his face between her legs.

"Cain! Cain! Cain! Slower! I'm...AHHHHHHHHH!" Her legs Jolted as he pressed his face into her. Her toes twisted back and forth as she growled, her insides pulsating likes springs.

Cain's face turned red as her thighs tightened around his neck. Even now, she was still a goddess and an expert in kicking.

As Selune released all that was inside her, Cain sucked her dry as she panted.

Amaterasu below looked up with a frustrated gaze, she wanted to be there but Selune got it first. No, Alice and the other maids got it before her.

As she stared, she felt something warm seeping into her throat. It wasn't thick as usual and didn't have the same concentration of magic. But it still held a crap ton of mana. Amaterasu laughed inside, 'If I could drink this each day, I would get stronger than anyone within a year.'

As Cain pulled out, Amaterasu glared at him. "Is that all? Can I have more?"

He looked at her, lifting an eyebrow. Even Selune gasped, "What happened to you? Did the frustration damage something in your head?"

"What is your problem Selune, leave me be," Amaterasu growled, licking the tip of Cain's flesh. "Come on, I know you still have more."

Selune sighed, "I didn't expect her to like it. I wanted to see her disgusted or enraged." She shook her shoulders.

"What are you two talking about?" Amaterasu glared at Cain and Selune.

Selune scratched her cheek, "Well, I asked him to pee in your mouth to see your reaction. I didn't expect to love it so much that you ask for more."

Amaterasu blinked twice. "Wait? That was piss? With all that mana, what the hell you're body is making?"

Cain looked at her. "When my MP poll is filled, that doesn't mean my MP regeneration will stop. Normal people or gods like you radiate that energy all the time as an aura or by granting spells and blessings. For me, I keep all those in check to not harm my maids and wives so It all gets dumped out like excess water."

Amaterasu grabbed her head, "So your piss is pure mana? A living refinery of magic?"

"I do have waste though. But I don't usually let it out from this body, it all gets dumped in the abyss from my true body." Cain sat on the bed. "How could it make you stronger if it wasn't that?"

"I noticed its magic concentration. But I didn't expect that it wasn't real piss." Even Selune thought that was actual piss. "Now I feel bad thinking the other has weird tastes."

Cain nodded, "Yeah, instead of me wasting all that excess mana I'm giving it to them. Sharing parts of my power you could say." He smiled, "Olivia use it and my blood for potions. Did you know that?"

"No!" Both Selune and Amaterasu gasped.

"I probably should apologize to Gracie. I looked at her strangely when she was speaking about how she liked to drink it." Selune looked down.

"Ah, you don't have to worry about that." Cain waved his hand. "Lilia, Gracie, Melissa, and Meliliana all drank the real thing."

"Wait what?" The two goddesses gasped.

"Meliliana was the first one to do it when we met. Albeit I didn't agree to it, Melissa did once as well. Lilia also asked for it as a statement and wouldn't let go. And Gracie saw them and wanted to give it a try." Cain explained and the cringe returned to the two goddesses.

"Then, what does it matter?" Cain looked at Amaterasu and Selune with a smile. "Here in bed, feel free to ask for anything. Forget that you two are goddesses or anything. It just doesn't matter."

The two goddesses looked at each other and sighed. "It is as you say."

"Selune. Sit on my face and rub me with your feet. Amaterasu licks the tip and Selune's feet at the same time."

Selune smiled, "You're licking me," She glared at Amaterasu.

"Cain, I don't want to lick her feet." She growled.

"Listen, if you want me to lick your feet, you better be ready to lick all the girls' feet." Cain looked at her with a smile. "I won't ask you to lick them all at once. But Always do it when asked."

Amaterasu sighed, "Fine. Let's do it. I won't complain."

Selune sat on Cain's face, resting her private parts on his mouth. She extended her feet across his torso and to his flesh. Her white-painted toes wrapped around Cain's flesh, moving up and down in a graceful movement. She was known for her legs after all, she know how to move them.

Amaterasu opened her mouth and started licking alongside the shaft. And giving Selune's foot a pass each time. Cain looked at Amaterasu, "Can you believe you weren't like this a day ago?"

"It's a trade I can accept." Amaterasu looked at Cain, "And you're the strongest god now. Leaving Lilia aside. What else could I do, what do you do?"

TAP! Amaterasu felt two feet on her back. "You seem to be doing well." It was Aria, standing on her.

"Aria? Is there something you need?" Amaterasu asked.

"You asked Cain a question. I came to answer it up." Aria replied, "So he can focus on Selune."

Aria started talking while standing on Amaterasu's back.

"Do you know what primordial are? They are the monsters of the ancient world that the first creators fought. Adam, Yggdrasil, Asgorath, and Lucifer who is now called Asmodeus." Aria opened her palms, "Those creatures are far beyond what humanoids can comprehend. Horror beyond belief."

"AH!" Amaterasu gasped, taking a deep breath after a deep throat. "You saying that we gods can't fight them?" She turned her head to look at Aria.

Thud! Aria kicked Amaterasu's head. "I will explain, keep licking."

"Now with AO out of the picture. Those creatures will soon return. The kingdom Cain is building is for the refugees, the last safe haven for mortals and gods alike."

Selune looked at Aria, "Who can fight?"

"The first creators. Chad, Yggdrasil, and Lucifer. Are the first to come to mind." Aria smiled. "Cain and Lilia can fight as well. And surprisingly, Gracie is at that level as well."

"Gracie? Didn't she start as a maid?" Amaterasu looked back, "I remember her licking Alice's feet for barging into the bedroom. Is becoming the mother of all life the reason?"

Aria smiled. "Only becoming the mother of all life won't make her able to contend." She looked at them with a grin.

"After becoming the mother of all life, and even before that. She has been the one sucking the most power out of Cain. Taking about half of it to herself."

Selune gasped, "Are you saying of all the power gifted to the girls by Cain? Does Gracie have half? Then everyone else has less than a fragment."

"You're here doing it normally, trying to feel good. She is in the abyss inside Cain's body sucking him directly with all her holes filled to the brim. You simply aren't matching her speed."