

"When AO influence fades. The abominable horrors of the primordials walk the world again. The dragons' suicidal attack on the gods would leave the world defenseless." Aria looked down at Amaterasu and Selune.

Selune blinked, staring at Aria. "That's why their attack on us was bad, but Cain taking over isn't. He's making the divine realm stronger."

Aria nodded. "You're right. It doesn't matter who claims to be a god, as long as they can use that power to fight the primordials when they come." She lifted her foot and rested it on Amaterasu's hair. "Cain is strong and is making you gods stronger. That is the only way you can survive and protect your worshippers."

"If a god's followers died, he will wither and die of divine starvation. Those who are immune are the ones representing natural order." Selune stared at Cain. "I'm the moon, and Amaterasu is the sun. We won't die. But we won't get any stronger without worshippers."

"On the other hand. Cain represents fear, madness, and more. Those emotions won't disappear. But will only power with the war." Aria smiled, "I'm the system, and I will get stronger the more people use me." She looked at Selune and Amaterasu.

"The new god-king of the world." Selune looked between her legs at Cain. "You don't have that look." She smiled.

"I sure can look terrifying if I wanted. Want to see it?" Cain smiled.

"Please don't." Selune giggled.

"So you were collecting the strongest fighters for the war? All of us?" Amaterasu smiled. "When will those monsters come?"

"Hopefully, after the kingdom is up and running." Cain sat up and put Selune at his left. Amaterasu sat on his right, "What about the cosmic guards? Those should fight as well."

"No," Cain looked at her. "To them, they want the world to follow its natural course. And without AO, the natural course is destruction."

The two goddesses looked at each other. "Then we need to start training," Amaterasu said.

"Don't worry about that. You will be fighting me over and over to get stronger. What you're doing now is also training. Since it makes you stronger." Cain patted their heads as he looked at Aria. "How are the other girls doing?"

"They could finish their job at any moment. We need to get back to the ship as It has landed in the elvish kingdom." Aria smiled.

Cain nodded as he already knew that. "Let's hurry and finish here. I have work to worry about."

***Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Jemimma and Chauntead flew across the empty wasteland after Kossuth set the sun in the sky. "It's dry and deserted. I don't think we can grow anything around here."

Jemimia looked around as she flew beside Chauntea. The goddess is the one carrying her with magic, but even so, she is still looking around at every hill.

Chauntea nodded. "You're right. I can force it to blossom, but that would waste a lot of power. We should as Umberlees for the water." She looked at the sky. "Umberlee, is the water ready?"

A voice boomed in their heads. "Give me another minute. It has seawater. I need to make it less salty." Umberlee replied, and after a few seconds, she called again. "It's ready, wants it as rain. Or I should dump it down?"

Chauntea looked around. There wasn't much space to store it. "Start with rain first. I will ask Lady Sofia to dig the lakes." Chauntea replied and closed her eyes as the sky started raining without clouds.

"Lady Sofia. We need your help." She called and got an instant reply.

"What do you need?"

"Can you help us dig a lake to store water? But please don't use fire or anything dangerous."

"Of course," Sofia replied with a happy voice. "Aria, please teleport me to her."

ZON! Sofia appeared, standing before Chauntea and Jemima. "Where do you want it?" She looked back at them.

Jemima bowed slightly. "Lady Sofia, thanks for your help."

Sofia shook her hand. "No need to thank me."

Chantea stepped forward. "We're at the center of the world. This is where the capital would be located so we can't dig here." She pointed at the horizon.

"I will show you where to dig based on the mortal world." A voice rang in their heads. It was Aria. "I did gather some information about it."

Sofia smiled, taking a deep breath and opening her arms. Her aura spiked, causing Jemima to tremble for a second. Her clothes shifted into dark brow scales that covered patches on her skin as her eyes emitted a deep golden glow.

Chauntea took a step back. "An Earth dragon. That would help to dig." she smiled.

Sofia's muscles tightened as veins popped on her arms and legs. Her nails expanded into claws as a smile crossed her face. "I'm ready. Aria, take us there."

ZON! Aria teleported them to the location of the first lake. CLAP! Sofia clapped her palms as she looked at the ground.

Controlling the ground is similar to controlling her flames. All she needs to do is focus on her draconis fundamentum and heart.

The ground started shaking as Sofia slowly lifted her palm up. CRACK! Cracks spanned for miles as an island-like chunk levitated up. "Aria!" She growled.

ZON! Aria teleported the stone away, leaving a massive hole in the ground. "How about this? Is it good?" Sofia looked back at Chauntea.

"It is!" Chauntea gasped. "I haven't seen such amazing powers in a while!" She smiled, looking at the sky, "Umberlee. Can you fill this hole?"

"Of course!" Umberlee replied as a large stream of water emerged from nowhere, filling the lake.

CLAP! Thud! Chauntea clenched her hands together and stomped the ground. "Jemima. Stand before me."

"Me?" Jemima gasped and stood there.

"Look, I will teach you how to use some of my power," Chantea said, grabbing Jemima's arms as if she is hugging her from the back.

"Close your eyes and feel my magic flow from your back to the tips of your fingers. Step forward and take a deep breath, imagine green blobs expanding rapidly in the water."

Jemima did what Chauntea told her and she felt a wave of heat rushing out of her body. Algae started expanding in the water from the lake edges. "This will provide a food source for the fish and keep the water from going bad," Chauntea said with a smile.

Thud! Jemima fell to her knees, sweating and panting. She looked forward and her head was spinning. "I don't feel good." she crawled to the side, puking behind some stones.

"Cain said you would be fine." Chauntea looked at her with a smile. "You moved the power of a god through your body and at worst you puked. Are all the maids like that?"

Sofia looked at them, "They spent as much time on Cain's bed as we. Even if they weren't as strong, they still have a ridiculous endurance."

Chauntea looked at Sofia. "Yeah, of course, they will develop that with him filling them each day." She giggled.

"AH!" Jemima barely stood after washing her mouth. "That wasn't fun at all. I can barely see clearly."

"Rest a bit, I will carry you." Chauntea smiled, lifting her palm and casting magic to cause Jemima to levitate. "Aria. Please send us to the next location."

***

On the other side. Thud! Gracie emerged from the shadows in the succubus castle, she looked around and the maids cleaning there froze as they sensed her presence. "Where is Alora?" Gracie asked.

Thud! Lilia landed beside her, "That's right, I need to see her as well." She smiled.

"I told you to not follow me." Gracie stared at her.

Lilia smiled, "Why not. I only wanted to come here for something small." She looked at the maids, "You have one minute to line up!" She shouted.

The maids jerked back to life, rushing to bow to Gracie and Lilia. "You majesty, how could we serve you."

Gracie glared at them. "I already asked for Alora." She stepped forward, "Since you didn't listen to me the first time. Each of you will get a level higher in Cain's Dungeons." She said with a passive face and all the maids started trembling. "As you say, we deserve it."

Lilia stared at Gracie with a smile, "Come, you're harsh on them." She looked at the maids. "For some, increasing a level can mean suffering. Am I wrong?"

One of the maids looked at Lilia. "For me, it's hard. raising a level mean I will get into torture."

"What is the difference?" Lilia asked with a smile.

The maid looked down, "I don't know. The ones who tried torture said it will take everything you hate and throw it at you. I hate it from the back, so I might get something in that way."

Gracie looked at the maids, she stepped forward and glared at them, "This is your last chance, go bring Alora!" She stopped one of the maids on the head but didn't use any force that could harm her.

The maids rushed out and immediately dragged Alora to Gracie.

Alora rushed to bow before Gracie, putting her head to the ground and kissing her feet. "You majesty, I couldn't be so happy to see you again."