Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Cain stared at Fierna, flicking his fingers. A golden light flashed, and Alice emerged. "All layers from Malbolge and up are under my control. I want you two to work together and get them under order."

Fierna stared at Alice and then at Cain, "I assume I will be working under her."

"Unsatisfied?" Cain stared at her.

Fierna shook her head. "No, I couldn't ask for more." She smiled, "I only wish to know whom I report to."

"You report to Alice Here, Sofia in the first Layer, and Gracie in Malbolge." Cain looked at her. "Hell is designed to make sinners suffer. Don't drop that down. Only organize it so no one gets dropped into layers beyond their punishment."

If a man was destined to suffer in the first layer, it's unfair to throw him into the second layer for more suffering. Everyone gets what they deserved. No more or less. Unless Cain needed them.

"What about my father?" Fierna looked at Cain. If she, Alice, and Sofia are ruling then what of him? Is he out?

Cain looked at her, "He can help you as you want. I don't intend to mess with that."

Fierna smiled, "I'm grateful for that. As much as we two fight, ruling this layer can't be accomplished with one of us missing."

"Cain," Alice looked at Cain with a smile, "I think you should give her something."

Fierna's eyes opened wide as her arms shook. She stared at Cain with anticipation.

Cain looked at Fierna, smiling, "Give me your hand if you want power."

Fierna stood with weary steps, slowly approaching Cain with a worried face. "My hand? Like this?" She extended her hand to him.

Cain looked at her face, his eyes turning white as he grabbed her palm.

Veins bulged on Fierna's arm. Her whole body turned red as her head jerked back with her mouth gaping open. She screamed silently as tears flew from her eyes.

She never felt such extreme pain before. The muscles of her lungs stopped working from it, and she couldn't even cry. As if her bones slowly cracked, she could even feel her organs pulsating inside her body.

Fierna fell on her knees, trembling in agony as Alice smiled. "Only one hand is enough for her. Give her more if she's doing a good job." She looked at Cain and Marina at his hips.

Cain let go of Fierna's hand, and she fell on the ground, shaking like she was dying. He poked her with his foot, "Wake up. You're a devil lord, aren't you?"

Fierna pushed on the ground with her hand, barely standing with shaking knees. She tried to hold it in but soiled herself as her whole body went numb from the shock.

"I enchanted the fingers of your left hand. I hope you find it useful." Cain smiled as he looked into her eyes. "But just so you know. Alice here and Sofia have all of their nails enchanted with stronger spells. Make sure to show them proper respect."

Fierna stared at Alice and bowed down, "Lady Alice, I'm at your service."

"Oh! How nice of you." Alice smiled. "Pleased to work with you."

Cain smiled and looked at Fierna. "Then, tell me what you want. Something you wish for. Don't worry. I won't get angry."

Fierna hesitated as the pain still didn't fade from her body. Her eyes looked at Marina who never stopped sucking Cain all this time. "Can I too?" She looked at Alice and Cain, waiting for them to rage.

Cain smiled. "You can if Alice and Sofia ask me. You have to get them to agree first."

Fierna's eyes shifted back at Alice. She smiled. "Do as I say, and I will ask him. but I don't know about Sofia. She can be a bit hard."

Cain smiled, "Well then, I leave you to it. Don't forget to send devils to the kingdom when it's built."

Cain and Marina disappeared, leaving only Alice and Fierna staring at each other.

Alice walked forward, "Go clean yourself. We will take a tour around the layer after that."

***

Fierna stumbled out with her knees shaking, and her secretary rushed in, seeing Alice standing there. "Who are you?"

"Let her be," Fierna growled, and the secretary went silent.

Alice sat on Fierna's chair and started going through the documents. CLICK! The door opened, and it was Fierna's father, Belial. "As I expected, Lady Alice."

"Belial." Alice looked at him with a smile. "Go and fetch me reporting on the sinners getting in and out of this layer. I also want details about the devil forces you have."

Belial bowed, "As you order." He then left the room.

Alice looked around as she was left alone. She sighed. "I want a single calm day. Don't you two?" She looked at the wall, and Cain walked out of the shadows.

"Yeah, I hate acting like a god." He sat on the chair

"But we have to get this done." He looked at her.

"Those days of me sneaking into your room in an inn. Having quarreled with Sofia and Selena." She smiled. "What happened to Marina?"

"I put her back at Ourals. She needs to get it and Furberg ready. I will pull them both as Major cities to the new kingdom." Cain replied.

"I will need to go back and see Father and Brother soon. Is that Okay?" Alice asked.

"Of course, you can go whenever you want," Cain replied with a smile.

Alice giggled with a smile, "I need to get the work done first. But I don't hate it, most of the time."

Cain looked at her, "What do you hate?"

Alice scratched her chin, "When you have me do it with women. Except for Gracie, I can't hate it because of her nature." She looked at Cain with a grin, "But I don't mind, as I'm the only one allowed to play around with you."

"I play with everyone," Cain replied with a smile.

"But I'm the only one you listen to." She smiled, bending over the desk to kiss him.

"You're wrong, aren't you?" Sofia growled, standing beside them with Sofia.

"Ha!" Alice gasped. "When did you come?"

Sofia and Selena sat beside Cain and glared at Alice with teasing smiles.

"You know I'm the first wife, don't you?" Sofia glared at Alice. "To keep a family stable. The first wife is the one to dominate, and the others behind her have to obey."

Alice looked at Sofia in silence. "You're right. I never debated that without. And when didn't I listen to you?"

"I didn't say anything about you breaking the unspoken rules." Sofia looked at Alice and then glared away. "You know I don't like Cain having girls other than me. Me not speaking doesn't mean that has changed."

Selena blinked, staring at Sofia. "You still about that? The more the better-nya"ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Sofia sighed, "I can't help it. It's a part of my nature. When I see Cain doing it with other girls I can't help but feel jealous and angry. Sometimes I wish I could strangle you to death."

"But you don't, and I respect that." Alice looked at her. "I also hate when he makes me do it with other women."

Selena looked at Alice, "I love it when I see him doing it with other girls-nya." Her tail wiggling, "That means when I do it, I'm with someone strong and respected by many more-nya."

"You're weird." Sofia sighed, "Why don't you want him for yourself."

Selena stared at Sofia, tilting her head. "What do you mean-nya. Can you entertain Cain alone for a night-nya?"

Sofia's face froze as she felt a pain radiant from her hips. "No, I can't. I would die." She then looked at Alice, "No one of us has the strength to withstand him at full force for a night. Except for Gracie, Lilia, and Kossuth."

Alice scratched her head. "Yeah, Gracie has gotten better." She looked at Sofia, "She might end up taking the role of the first wife from you."

Sofia smiled. "She won't," She then looked at Cain, "You've been silent for a while."

Cain smiled, "What do you want me to say? You're getting along well enough,"

Thud! Alice kicked Cain's face, "What do you mean by getting well enough? It's your job to make us happy."

Selena stared at her, "It's our job to make him happy."

"Come on. Stop!" Sofia stopped them and looked at Cain. "You can try to be a bit more intimidating."

"That will only cause you to feel bad," Cain replied with a smile. "But isn't the fact you three are talking about it here calmly mean you're getting along?"

The girls looked at each other. A bit confused.

Cain looked at Alice, "You will hate to play with Eilistraee, but you won't mind some rounds with Sofia or Selena. In fact, you will even enjoy it." He then looked at Sofia, "And you call them to have a go when you get tired. Some days you even ask me to take them on."

Selena smiled, "The longer we live together, the closer we get."