Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Sofia looked at Alice and smiled, "We got used to each other. Didn't we?"

Alice yeah.

~Cain, I need help capturing a monster alive.~ Gracie's voice rang in his head. He stood and looked at the girls.

"Gracie needs help." He stood and looked at them.

Selena stood, "Is she in danger-nya?"

"How could that be? She's strong." Sofia growled, flame gushing from her nose.

"Let's hurry, she might be injured." Alice clenched her fist and got her magic ready.

Cain waved his palms with a smile. "Wait! It isn't like that." He sighed. "Gracie is fine. She just wants to capture a monster alive."

The girls looked at each other. "Do you want us to help?"

Cain smiled, lifting his hand up and puffing his arm. "How about we go all? Hunt a monster normally for once."

The girls stood with smiles on their faces. They looked at each other, "Let's go. I can't wait to stretch my bones." Sofia cracked her neck.

"But let's set some rules. No, overpower or large spells. That includes you transforming into a dragon." Alice stared at Sofia.

"It doesn't matter-nya! We're hunting-nya." Selena smiled, lifting her fist up with a grin.

Cain looked at them with a smile. "But don't drop your guard. I find it hard to imagine Gracie being unable to capture a normal monster." He opened his palms and clapped them together.

ZON! It only took a fraction of a second for him to locate Gracie's shadow and link to it. She usually keeps her shadow hidden so no one can use it against her, but for Cain, she left the door wide open.

***

Thud! Thud! Thud! In the abyss, Gracie lept from one tree to the other, looking back at the large monster chasing her. "Come back here!" Demogorgan growled, swinging his tentacles arms at her.

BAM! Gracie dodged the strike and extended her hand toward him. [Shadow prison]

Dark fog consumed the demon lord, but the magic soon failed, dispersing like clouds facing the violent wing. "It won't work on me! You little maid!" He growled.

"I'm the prince of all demons! The demonic lord Demogorgan and this is my domain. Do you think you can banish me against my will?" The two apes' heads extending from the prince's large torso opened their jaws, unleashing a blast of acid.

Thud! Thud! Gracie jumped from one tree to the other. Seeing the acid melt through stones as if it was nothing. That thing looked stronger than a black dragon's breath.

BAM! Demogorgan appeared beside Gracie. He used his massive legs to jump at a high speed. She saw him coming, but wouldn't need to dodge.

With a grin on his face, the prince of demons swung his sharp tail at Gracie's body, cutting her torso in half.

"You did this easily. This will teach you to not stand on my..." As he was about to celebrate, he noticed that the corpse disappeared.

Gracie stood on a tree with her upper half floating with shadows above her legs. "Did you think cutting me in enough to kill me?" She looked at him with a passive face.

"Self-bisection with your own shadows. I see, my slash was slow." The demon lord growled.

Before Demogorgan's tail could hit her. Gracie used her shadow to separate her body. It was more like putting your hand through a portal and having it appear on the other side. It wasn't a real cut.

Gracie looked at Demogorgan, "Shadow portals are my favorite form of dodging. They don't consume that much magic and can be deployed instantly using the darkness inside my body." She pulled a wire from her wrist. "How about you?"

Domogorgan looked at his tail, and it was missing. "I can't feel the pain, was that cut really that fine." He growled.

Gracie looked at him, "I use aphrodisiacs to kill the pain. You won't know when I cut you."

CRACK! The prince's tail grew back as he glared at her with a smile. "Good luck killing me. I can regenerate."

"I don't want to kill you. I want to capture you alive." Gracie looked at Demogorgan with a passive face. "Care to please sit and let me catch you?"

"You will never catch me alive. And won't escape with your life." He growled, looking at her with a smile. The two heads glared at each other.

"We argue a lot, but we're agreeing to mess you up after the fight." The demonic ape's heads glared at each other, growling.

Gracie looked at Demogorgan. "You can forget that. But, even if, you're far too small for me." She laughed. The first emotion she showed in the fight, was mocking the demon lord. "Why is it so small? Are you still a child?"ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Veins popped on the demon lord's head, his magic started swelling. "You damned bitch!" He shouted, swinging his tentacles claws at her.

Thud! Thud! Gracie kept dodging and looking at the demon lord, smiling.

Gracie got under his nerves, making his blood boil. No one has ever made fun of him, and she just looked down on him.

The half-ape demon lord, Demogorgan the prince of demons got consumed in rage and went on ape shit. Grunting and growling, jumping from left and right as if he went mad, his arms flailing from left to right.

Fire, rot, mud, and water started rushing from the jungle swamps, lifting the trees ups and throwing them at Gracie.

"Get angry! Get angry! Stupid monkey!" Gracie glared at the demon prince. She had a plan she got from Glasya's divinity that she inherited. She wanted to get him raging so he won't be able to control his magic. She might be able to imprison him then.

"OOO! OOOO! OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" Demogorgan started going crazy, his howls covered the sky as the ground started shaking from his stomps. "I'm the demons' prince! Rasie, you bastards!"

From his enraged growl, large maggots the size of dragons emerged from the ground. Followed by giant crocodiles and flies. "Eat that woman alive!"

BAM! Gracie jumped into the sky to dodge the worms, and she saw the extent of the demon prince's power. The whole domain was writhing with those monsters. Worming and monstrosities as long as the eye can see.

If such a monster was summoned onto the mortal world, it would be an apocalyptic event.

ZIN! ZIN! The flies rushed at Gracie. She started jumping from one to the other, slashing them. "This reminds me of the bug hell beneath Malbolge." She glared down.

Demogorgan started laughing. "Don't you ever think this is the end?"

As Gracie glared down, she saw the demon lord's body wither and fall apart. BLOP! One of the flies around her exploded into a storm of blood and transformed into him.

Gracie pulled her dagger and blocked a swing from the demon lord's tentacles. "You have to kill every single one of them to put me down. Same for capturing me, I can always escape." CRACK! His hit threw her to the ground.

SWOSH! A black portal teleported Gracie back to the sky. She can't land on the must as she can get stuck. The demon lord has infused it with magic.

Gracie looked up, seeing Demogorgan falling on her. She smiled. "You will get captured, whether you like it or not."

"Keep dreaming," Demogorgan growled. Swinging a kick down.

CRACK! Suddenly, the vision on one of his heads disappeared. It was the left head. The right head looked, to see the left one missing the back of his skull.

"Who did it?" Demogorgan growled as the head healed.

Thud! A black jaguar landed on one of the trees, spitting a chunk of the brain. "Taste like rotten fish-gaw!" Selena glared up at the prince of demons.

"A cat? No, rakshasa!" He looked at Selena with interest, "Where did you come from?"

BAM! As the demon lord spoke, a fireball hit his right side, sending him rolling on the ground. His massive body tore the trees apart as he slowed down and stood. Looking at his side, he could a footprint burn mark on him. "Who could kick my massive body like this?" He glared forward, seeing Sofia standing on a tree, glaring at him with her eyes flashing with green light.

Demogorgan can't miss it, "A red dragon? What are bastards like your kind doing here." He growled.

"Isn't it clear? We came to help capture you." A gentle voice came from behind him, as he felt the soft hands of a woman land on his back.

[Divine smite] BAM! With blinding light, Demogorgan's large frame got consumed as the blast sent him flying with a thunder wave.

From the edge of his eyes, he could see her. "How could a devil use divine magic?" He growled as he landed on the ground again.

"You ask why." A deep voice came from beside him. "But sadly I can't reply," Demogrogan snapped out, swinging his tentacles at the voice.

Cain smiled, lifting his staff. [Gravity Magic]