Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Cain smiled, swinging his staff up. Blue strings of magic rushed forth, sending a shockwave from the ground up. [Shockwave]

BOOM! Demogorgan could feel his back tingle, cracking at the painful sensation. It wasn't a regular spell but instead infused with divine magic.

"Do you think this will defeat me?" Demogorgan glared down. [Rage of the Swamps]

The dirt beneath Cain's feet opened up, swallowing him whole. This is why Gracie kept jumping from one tree to the other.

BAM! Demogorgan landed on the swamp land, smiling. "GRWA!" He swung two tentacles at Sofia with blinding speed.

SWOSH! She easily dodged them with a passive face. To her, he was slow. "Hey, Cain! How do we capture this thing?" She shouted.

"Capture me? Keep on dreaming. You all will die here. Fighting a demon lord in his domain is suicide." Demogorgan growled with a smile, jumping into the sky and looking down. [Demonic Gaze]

Sofia felt a slight tingle in the back of her head, but it quickly faded. 'It's like we're trying to capture an animal. Killing him would be much easier.' She thought, taking a deep breath and gathering fire beneath her feet.

SWOSH! She flew up.

Demogorgan growled, swinging his tail at her face. "Eat this!" He shouted as the poison started dripping from the pointy tip.

CRACK! Selena punched Demogorgan's side with a sturdy fist, sending him flying away before he could hit Sofia.

Sofia shifted her Gaze at the demon lord. Opening her jaw, she unleashed a massive lightning bolt.

Alice in the back conjured a holy bow, aiming at the sky. The bow emitted a faint golden glow as the arrows were about to launch. BAM! BAM! She sent several arrows toward the demon lord, infused with divine magic to knock him out.

The lightning and arrows hit Demogorgan at the same time, scorching his body mid-air.

Thud! Gracie landed on the ground for the first time, clapping her hands together as she created a massive black hole in the ground. [Shadow Trap]

The demon's lord's body disintegrated before it could fall. "Do you think I will get captured?" A small worm on the ground growled, instantly transforming into Demogorgan. He swung his tentacles at Gracie.

She looked back with a passive face, "No touching," She said.

Thud! A massive tentacle rose from the ground, grabbing Demogorgan's small tentacles. "What is this?"

"Touching us will only enrage him further," Gracie said with a calm face as hundreds of tentacles rose from the ground, wrapping around Demogorgan and lifting him to the sky.

"Come on. I wasn't supposed to use this." Cain looked at Gracie, "Why do you need to capture him alive?"

"Umberlee asked me to. Said you or Lilia might need him." Gracie replied with a slight bow as the other girls landed beside her.

Demogorgan tried to shift to another body but couldn't. Something was off about his domain.

'Umberlee! Why could we need him alive?'

~Lord Cain! Sorry for that! But Demogorgan is a powerful demon lord. His body and power could prove useful in magical experiments.~ She explained.

'I don't have a plan for him, but Lilia might be. I will ask her.'

"What are you? You bastard!" Demogorgan growled as he struggled to escape.

'Master, do you need Demogorgan alive?'

~Ah! Cain, been a while since you called me.~

'Not really.'

~You said you have Demogorgan? The demon prince?~

'The demonic ape in the flesh.'

~I might find a use for his body. You can kill him. I suggest you give the domain to Jorm. The world serpent fragment.~

'I see, thank you.' Cain closed the call and smiled, snapping his fingers and crushing Demogorgan.

"Listen, the demon lords aren't strong. I only need to cut your link with the abyss." Cain smiled as he absorbed the corpse and sent it to Lilia through the maze. The whole swamp trembled as Demogorgan died.

"I thought he would just move away?" Sofia asked.

"Are you talking about him using another body?" Cain smiled. "He can't do it if I cover the whole place with my magic. His soul won't be able to move."

The girls approached Cain, "We wanted to have a normal fight, but I ended up ending it."

"Being strong isn't a bad thing. Remember we're gods and a demon lord shouldn't be a threat to us." Sofia smiled.

"I wanted to hunt him-nya," Selena looked a bit sad.

Cain looked at them, "Don't worry, you will get to hunt a lot when the kingdom is built." He patted her head. "Demogorgan is a disgusting ape. Eating him will only hurt your stomach." He ruffled her hair.

"Let's head back." Cain flicked his finger, and they appeared back in Fierna's office. This time Gracie is with them.

"Where was talking about before?" Cain sat on his chair, and the girls looked at each other.

"Yeah," Alice looked at him with a smile, "About how you have us play with each other."

Cain scratched his chin. "I won't deny it's exciting to see you do it. But I'm trying to make sure you won't fight with each other."

The girls looked at each other. "We won't fight," Alice said.

Cain looked at Sofia, "Would rather be alone in your room while I'm doing with let's say Hati, or you would prefer to be there with us."

Sofia looked up, scratching her chin. "That's a hard question to answer. I won't feel good knowing you're with another woman while I'm alone, but I also won't feel nice watching you two do it."

"I want to be there-nya!" Selena lifted her hand with her tail swinging left and right.

"My job is to stand there and support her," Gracie replied.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Alice scratched her head, "I would rather watch than have it done behind my back."

"Now, would you feel better if Hati asked you beforehand? Or would it be better if she begged for it from you?" Cain looked at them.

Sofia's eyes flashed for a moment. "So we won't get angry, or to be more precise, to calm us down." She looked up with a deep sight.

Alice looked down, "I find it hard to get angry at a woman getting close to Cain after begging me for it. It's a way to show the old women that the new one isn't a threat to their place."

Gracie looked at Cain, "Except for Lilia, she took our places with force. Not that I hate it knowing how strong she is."

The girls agreed, "Yeah, Lilia is a special case. And she was willing to beg us." Alice smiled, "But Aria wasn't,"

"Come on. Aria is me." Cain looked at them.

"Then you did beat us all." Sofia stared at him.

"I like being beaten by Cain-nya. It proves his power-nya," Selena looked at them, "We're all with him since he's far stronger than any one of us could handle-nya."

Alice scratched her chin, "I won't mind you being rough every now and then. But please do it in Cain's form." She looked at him with a smile and a blush.

Sofia sighed, "Aria is Cain, but she's a bit different. She's like Morena. But why do you have us lick the maids every now and then?"

Cain looked at Sofia, "So you won't bully them. It's important to make sure everyone gets together." He smiled, "You did love spending time with Lexi. I know you haven't done it. But sleeping in the same room, and talking to each other a lot had gotten you pretty close."

Sofia looked down, "Yeah. It's true that I was a bit jealous of her, but not much now. I see her as a close friend."

Cain then looked at Alice, "What about you? How do you feel about Klara?" He smiled, "You can talk,"

"She still causes trouble, and I often need to give her an earful at night. But I would say she isn't as bad as I thought she would be." Alice replied with a smile.

"How about you Selena? How things are going with you and Katherine?"

Selena looked at Cain with a smile, "Amazing-nya! We fight with a pillow each night, and she isn't screaming at me that much-nya. She even brought me a scratching beam-nya." Selena wiggled her tail from left to right.

"A pillow fight? That sounds fun," Cain smiled.

"By the way-nya! Katherine asked me if I could ask you to do her soon-nya?" She looked at Cain, "She's been playing with herself for a while, and I asked me if I could help get you."

Cain scratched his head. "She could have just told me directly."

"She said the other girls are scary-nya. Mary looks like she's about to kill them, and Hati rarely smiles when the maids try approaching you-nya."

Cain sighed, looking at the girls, "See? This is the main problem." He then looked at Selena, "Thanks for bringing this to my attention. I will deal with it."