Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Thud! Lilia landed back inside the tarrasque's cave, "I don't think I will need your blood now that I got Mystra's power without it. But I still want to see the immortal monster from ancient Earth." She smiled with GAIA standing beside her.

"Tarrasque is a lizard the size of a mountain. It's immune to death and can reflect all magic. Albeit it cannot fly, it still can jump like a tick. That means it can cross vast distances with a single leap and destroy its jumping and landing points." GAIA looked at Lilia with a passive face.

"Do you think I will lose?" Lilia smiled.

"The Tarrasque is a primordial abomination. The problem is containing it before it could break the kingdom." GAIA replied.

"We will be fighting the primordials soon when they feel AO's disappearance. What is it if one rose here now?" Lilia smiled.

"As I said, the collateral damage. Take it to your world and fight it." GAIA looked at Lilia.

"Moving such a monster will consume a lot of my magic. I prefer not to do it if I don't need to. I will beat it as soon as possible here." Lilia smiled, glaring down at the infinite darkness of the cave. "I can feel it's life force from here."

GAIA looked down, "A strange sensation. I can sense that it has earth magic, but that doesn't seem like an offensive type."

"It's an earth glide magic. I bet it's the tarrasque natural ability to move through the earth like a ghost." Lilia bent over and expanded her magic down. "Even if I sent enough blood lust. It ignores me completely. I doubt it will care if someone insulted it."

"A Tarrasque will only care if damaged. That is almost impossible to do." GAIA looked at Lilia. "Give it a good hit. That has to do it."

Lilia smiled, "Let's go." She stepped forward, opened her arms, and dropped into the dark hole. GAIA followed her as they saw the walls races beside them.

The walls slowly enclosed, and Lilia started jumping from one stone to another as she finally approached the lower parts. Thud!

They landed in a dark cave, and Lilia opened her palm, generating a floating orb of light. [Light Orbs]

The light spread across the cave in an instant, revealing a large stone wall with an ominous golden magic flowing from it. "This is it?" GAIA looked at the wall. "The Tarrasque is inside."

Lilia smiled, "I do feel the magic, but it's strange." She glared at the wall. "It's sleeping," Lilia said, lifting her fist up, [Compressed gravity] She sent a beam of energy at the stone wall, punching a hole from one end to the other.

The Tarrasque didn't wake up. The wall instantly regenerated as if nothing happened. "It didn't wake up?" GAIA gasped.

Lilia glared at GAIA, "Primos, I know you're watching. Can you stop meddling in GAIA's head?"

"What are you saying?" GAIA looked at Lilia, "Primos isn't...I'm here...What!" She gasped at herself. "I'm curious about the Tarrasque. Is that a problem?"

Lilia smiled, "Not at all. I just would prefer you come straight and say it instead of spying with GAIA's eyes. I already became the goddess of magic, I doubt you gods have any reason to fear me now."

"We have more reason to fear you. But that doesn't matter now. The beast is still asleep." Primos spoke through GAIA.

Lilia looked around. "The heart of earth keeps shifting and twisting. Those are the reasons for earthquakes. If the Tarrasque has been sleeping for thousands of years, I bet they ripped this stone in half at least once."

"So you're saying simple damage won't wake it?" GAIA spoke, "Then how are you going to force it out? Its existence is one with the stone." Primos said.

Lilia smiled. "I bet the tarrasque will only wake up for one reason. Hunger." She touched the stone with her hand. "He will only open his eyes when it's time to feed. And after he fills his belly, he will go back to sleep."

Primos was the first one to reply. "From the records. It isn't an intelligent creature. It only knows how to eat and sleep."

Lilia nodded, "And shit, that's an important part."

"If you want to wake it up by that, you're out of luck. My records say that the tarrasque has a perfect digestive system. It doesn't release waste." Primos explained, "That's why it can sleep for so long with a single meal."

Lilia scratched her head. "I don't want to make it hungry, that will only make it more aggressive. It would have been easier if I could have nature call it."

GAIA looked at Lilia, "This why I was saying it's dangerous."

Lilia smiled, "It's always dangerous." CLICK! She flicked her fingers, sending a wave of magic into the wall. "This should make it feel quite starved. I don't intend of waiting here for weeks as it wakes up for a small snack."

Lilia waited for a while as the Tarrasque's magic shifted. "It can reflect magic. Are you sure your spell worked?" Primos spoke.

Lilia looked at GAIA with a smile. "Sorry Primos, but I can't let you watch any further." CLICK! She clicked her finger and Primos wasn't able to sense anything through GAIA. He was shut out of the event.

"Why did you send him away?" GAIA asked, looking at Lilia. "I never asked him to be here in the first place." She smiled, "Massage my back while the tarrasque wakes up."

GAIA bowed and walked behind Lilia, giving her a massage. "Is it related to the spell you used?"

"Of course. I can't hit the Tarrasque with magic directly, so I accelerated the time around it. This way, thousands of years would pass until it wakes up naturally." Lilia smiled. "I hope Primos keep thinking I only make the thing hungry."

"If you can't cast magic on it, how will you fight?" GAIA asked.FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"Not all magic effect targets." Lilia smiled. "I can hit him with mountains or increase the gravity around him. Magic like that exists."

Half an hour passed. GAIA had finished massaging Lilia's back, neck, and legs and had just started dancing to entertain her. They felt a shift in the Tarrasque's magic.

Thud! Lilia stood and GAIA took a stance, "It's waking up after almost eighty thousand years." Lilia smiled, counting how much time passed within her magic.

But then, the Tarrasque's existence disappeared silently. As if it never existed. "What?" GAIA gasped.

Lilia looked around, "Don't tell me!" She looked up. The lump of magic was racing toward the surface without disturbing a single spec of dust.

"Earth Glide! We need to chase up!" Lilia flicked her finger and shrunk GAIA into a small bottle. "The people on the surface won't get a warning, not a single shaking or tremor in the ground." She flew up, fazing through the ground at high speed, but the Tarrasque was faster.

****

Up on the surface, two elvish hikers were going through the mountains.

"Did you hear? The laughing tornado has evacuated villages from here lately." One of them laughed, "Nothing happened at All,"

The other looked at him. "I bet it wasn't even a real laughing tornado. Who would believe such a monster will bother warning us, commoners?"

"You're right. A great treasure is here, I'm telling you. That swindler wanted it all for herself. We're getting it first." They kept pushing further across the mountainside.

In an instant, they are walking, in the next. Their vision went dark as a large gigantic maw emerged from the ground, biting them and that chunk of the forest. The large lizard emerged from the ground, standing on its hind legs like a featherless chicken. Akin to a T-rex, but several times bigger with massive front claws and a large carapace on its back, brown tinted scales, and hundreds of spikes emerging from its back.

The beast shifted its head sniffing the air for its meal. Its extremely long tails shift from left to right and its jaw opened.

Its sharp eyes and nose managed to sniff a village several miles away. As if squatting, its hind legs compressed and its tail acted as an anchor. BAM! The whole mountain range exploded as the beast jumped, ripping the mountain from the ground and flattening it.

SWOSH! Lilia burst from the ground, extending her staff toward the Tarrasque. 'Control the air around it. Do not cast magic on it directly as that will get reflected.' [Air lock]

A massive wind barrier emerged around the Tarrasque it was mid-jumped. BAM! That could keep the ancient monster tied as it shattered immediately.

"Heavy and Dense!" Lilia gasped, smiling as she saw the Tarrasque flying away. What a powerful jump. "People are going to die."

In the distance, a village was having a nice day until a three thousand-foot-tall lizard from ancient Earth fell from the sky.