Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Birds chirped atop the trees as the sun's rays warmed the ground. The elves carried water from the old well to their houses with magic and buckets. Today was a bit hotter than usual.

"This is enough." The village patriarch said with a smile. "You can go and tend to the fields."

The elves bowed to him before turning to leave.

DING! He felt something coming from the sky. It only took him an instant to act. He was old and frail, but it didn't matter with the danger he was feeling.

SWOSH! The patriarch swung his staff around, hitting the ground and pointing up. He was a wizard and someone who revered and prayed for Mystra as long as he knew of magic. But lately, he felt the goddess's aura change. He innately knew that the Mana deity changed and could tell it was the magic horror. The laughing tornado took the throne.

"I always prayed to Mystra. But to save the village, I pray even to you. Please help us avoid this disaster!" He shouted, unleashing all of his magic. [Prismatic Dome]

The veins on the patriarch's arm bulged as his body emitted a blue glow. From the tip of his staff, a crystal barrier emerged and covered the whole village.

He could see it, a titanic lizard falling from the heavens. "Don't you even think you can lay a hand on my village!" The patriarch screamed his lungs out, but something happened. A long red hair emerged from his staff. The short halfling smiled.

"Thanks for the call. I was wondering where this thing will fall." Lilia said with a smile. She didn't just answer the patriarch's prayer. She came in person.

Lilia clenched her fist, smiling, [Air Control: Air Fist]

The wind above the village condensed into a large fist. The moment the Tarrasque was right about the barrier, she punched its side and sent it rolling to the hills.

Thud! Lilia landed on her feet, "Sorry if there are any pregnant women here." She said, but then smiled. "Yeah, I'm a goddess now. I can borrow some of Gracie's power."

Lilia looked at the patriarch, "Forget about it. They will be fine." Click! The whole village disappeared, appearing again close to the royal capital.

Thud! Thud! The tarrasque stood, looking confused. Where is the meal?

Lilia walked forward with a smile. "Big Lizard! You are really fast, but I'm the one you should focus on, don't you think so?" She pointed her staff at the monster, charging her magic.

The tarrasque turned its head, sniffing the air and grunting like an angry cat. BAM! Out of nowhere, the massive monster jumped again, leaving Lilia standing there.

"Wait!" Lilia shouted, teleporting to cut the tarrasque's way. "You're ignoring me again! Primos was right. You only know how to eat and sleep." [Air Control: Air Fist]

She punched the tarrasque's back, trying to drop him to the ground. BAM! When the air fist hit the spines on the monster's back, it exploded, and the tarrasque remained unaffected.

CRACK! Lilia was in the Tarrasque way. His heat hit her directly, taking her with him across the sky. "Such immense force!" She growled, "Of course, you're jumping several tens of miles while weighing like a mountain."

[Teleport] She used a large chunk of her magic to teleport herself and the Tarrasque back to the ground upside down. BOOM! The two crashed on the ground at high speed, causing an explosion.

"GAH!" Lilia gasped for air, looking around, but the Tarrasque had already disappeared. It wasn't interested in fighting. Feeding was the only thing the monster wanted.

As a monster, the tarrasque had immense power and endurance. It was surprisingly fast for its size. But the most dangerous thing about it is that it doesn't fight back.

The tarrasque is tough enough to shrug off most attacks. Even when it rises to the ground to feed, and heroes are attacking it. The monster always ignores them and keeps chasing its food.

"I finally managed to reach you!" Primos spoke through GAIA. She was inside Lilia's pocket.

"How did you get back to her mind?" Lilia growled.

"That doesn't matter now. Listen to me." Primos sighed as if he had lungs. "The tarrasque won't fight you. It only cares about eating. You have to use a living bait."

"You want me to sacrifice people? It will fight back if I damage it enough." Lilia growled.

"You're so stubborn. The tarrasque will keep jumping away unless it stops to eat. Your only chance of damaging it is while it's gorging itself on people."

Lilia sighed, taking her wizard hat off and hiding it in a pocket dimension. "Primos. Call the Inevitables and have them protect the people. I'm going all out on the Tarrasque."

"Fine. But you have to call Cain. He could support you."

"You really think a mere lizard can beat me?" Lilia smiled, taking GAIA from her pocket and putting her down. "Go lead the troops that Primos will send. I'm going to fight." CRACK! The blue crystal on Lilia's forehead shattered into a third eye.

"Wait!" GAIA screamed, trying to grab Lilia, but she was too late. The laughing tornado disappeared.

The ninth of June, the year 1669 of the Ashen calendar. Or the 3 of the first month of the new age. The sky turned red, covered with glaring eyes. The whole world felt it. A monster was on the loose. That day was known as the reckoning of primordials.

Yog-sothoth the gate was hunting the Tarrasque.

BAM! The tarrasque fell close to a village, missing it by just a mile due to Yog-sothoth's interventions. It glared forward, only to see the short blue red-haired girl glaring at it with a smile.

"You Lizard, I heard magic doesn't work on you." Lilia lifted her palm, "How about this?" [Abyssal Drop]Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

The ground beneath the Tarrasque disappeared, dropping it into pure darkness. The moment it landed, the spell faded, and the beast saw through the ground back to the surface.

The moment the tarrasque emerged, A burst of Air lifted it up and dropped it on its back. Lilia's plan was to see if it could stand back up, or if it was like a turtle.

With a single swing from its tail, the Tarrasque managed to get back on its feet. But Lilia learned something, it's a female.

"Having a reproductive organ means there are more of you? Or am I mistaken?" She smiled, "Why am I asking? I can just look at the library." She checked the forbidden knowledge she has.

"I see, the last of your kind. You only survived by being immortal." Lilia frowned. "I can incinerate you here, but you will just regenerate in seconds."

The Tarrasque ignored Lilia and ran toward the village. She only cared about food, nothing else. She knew Lilia can't harm her, and she wasn't going to bother.

Lilia growled as she was ignored again, "Let's see you only care about eating and sleeping." [Dream of the gods]

BAM! The tarrasque fell on its face, asleep. "Hoho, it worked." Lilia smiled but then opened her eyes. She was the one who fell asleep for a second. The tarrasque reflected the magic on her.

If not for the forbidden knowledge telling her she was dreaming, she wouldn't have woken up. She looked back, and the Tarrasque had already devoured the village whole.

***

Back in the heavens, Cain returned to his mansion with Sofia, Selena, Alice, and Gracie. "Klara! Are you here?" He called and she came out rushing. "Master, did you need anything?"

"Yeah, call all the maids for me." Cain smiled as he closed his eyes. ZON! In an instant, he pulled Mary and Hati. "Hey, how are you doing." He smiled.

The moment Hati and Mary saw his face, they knew he wasn't too happy. "Cain, did something happen?" Hati asked.

Mary smiled, "I have a feeling that you're angry." Mary approached him with fearful steps.

Cain smiled, "Don't worry, I'm not angry." He patted their head, giving each of them a deep kiss.

Hati looked at him. "I understand you're not angry, are you disappointed?" she asked, clinging to his arm.

Cain looked back at Sofia, Selena, Alice, and Gracie behind him. "Well, I'm not disappointed as well. It's just that there has something that I want to hear from you directly, it's bad to not speak your mind, you know?" He looked at them and the two girls got confused.

All the maids walked in, and Cain looked at Hati and Mary. "How do you feel about me spending time with them."

Mary looked away, she knew what he was talking about. "I know it's hypocritic of me. I was the one trying to get you a lot of girls at the start, it's that I don't like personally."

Hati gasped, looking away. "Sorry,"

Cain looked at her, "You don't need to apologize. Just tell me and tell them,"

Hati looked at the maids, and then back at Cain. "It just doesn't sit well with me. I get jealous."