Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

"Stop!" Lilia screamed. She used [Telekinesis] to create a whip of air and pulled the tarrasque back. She can't use stone or dirt since she will glide through.

GRWAAAAA! The tarrasque growled, taking a bite of forest beside it. She preferred flesh but won't mind wood and dirt as food. A starving monster can't discriminate but ravage nature left and right.

Lilia smiled, "A perfect digestive system. No wonder you don't have a back end."

The tarrasque started munching left and right. The growls boomed across the kingdom. Titanic monsters were fighting to the south, and people began evacuating.

"Mom, look! A giant lizard," An elvish toddler pointed as his mother ran away with him on her shoulder. She looked back to see the Tarrasque struggling against a tornado behind the mountains.

"The world is about to end!" One of the elves shouted, running as fast as he could. They could feel the ground shaking beneath their feet, the rumbling of the monster cracked their houses, and they could feel her hunger.

BAM! They looked back, seeing a massive dust cloud behind the mountains. The tarrasque jumped again. "Above us!" A woman screamed her lungs out as a dark shadow loomed over them. Death is falling from the sky.

ZON! Lilia appeared in the middle of the running elves, teleporting the whole place away seconds before the tarrasque could fall on the ground.

CRACK! The ground shattered, sending a shockwave for miles as the tarrasque landed. She looked around for her prey but found none. She was sure some were in here a moment ago.

"Hey! I'm sending them away. You can't eat anything before you get rid of me." Lilia shouted, using a spell [Booming Voice] So her voice could reach the titanic beast.

The tarrasque looked around, confused. Smells food, goes there, and should eat. This chain never changed before.

The tarrasque's brain wasn't ready for convoluted problems. Even Lilia could notice her pausing for a moment, trying to think.

"Hoi! What are you waiting for? It's me!" Lilia shouted.

Sadly for her. The tarrasque couldn't understand speech. She didn't wake in the last couple of millennia. And even so, asking her to learn a language is impossible. To her, Lilia was no more than a bee buzzing around.

The tarrasque turned around and started eating the forest again, silently munching on the hills while thinking. Why do the green things remain, and the others disappear?

Lilia glared at the tarrasque, veins popping on her head. "This thing can't be contained or stopped, yet it's far too stupid to understand threats. No matter how bloodlust, damage, or pain she inflicts, they all fails.

"You don't feel pain, fear, boredom, anger, compassion, or anything. You only live, eat, sleep, and reproduce." She could see the tarrasque was a female, so that concept should exist.

"Since you don't care, I will allow myself to you." Lilia landed on the tarrasque's back and conjured a large needle she prepared to draw blood. To her surprise, the tarrasque didn't even care if she stabbed her. Lilia managed to bleed her like a mosquito on a sleeping cow.

The tarrasque ate the forest silently, so Lilia closed her eyes and released scanning magic inside her body, searching for any weakness.

Due to the tarrasque godly regeneration, it never evolved pain nerves.

Due to her impressive digestive system, she never needed to release waste. She has no anus or kidneys. Her body stores everything in a compressed state to burn as energy later.

The tarrasque doesn't have a brain, but her collective neural network stores everything equally across the body, meaning she can regenerate even if she has only one cell. Those cells can absorb nutrients even from air and dust.

The beast's weight is several times what it should be, and she doesn't even have a heart. Her veins compress to move the blood. She could breathe from her skin and lungs and store oxygen in her cells. By Lilia's estimate, it can go for a long time without breathing. And after that, she will start living without oxygen.

"This is an immortal monster. Stopping it would be a pain," Lilia smiled. 'I can't teleport her, as the spell would bounce back at me, and I can't kill her as she won't die.'

"Primos, a village was full close to us. Why didn't you evacuate it?" She growled.

"I'm working from the most populated to the lowest. Low priority." Primos replied. He was focusing on saving as many people as he could.

Lilia closed her eyes, sending one of her clones to call Cain.

***

Back in the heavens, Cain glared at Hati and Mary. "You two know how much I value everyone here. If you don't like something, say it."

The two girls looked at him and then at the maids.

Klara walked forward. She leads the maids after Gracie. "Lady Hati, Lady Mary. We, maids, don't mind being hated or told off. It's our job to deal with those, so you and Master Cain won't have to."

Lexi nodded, walking forward, "Remember that our job is to support you, not to get in your way. We only server Master Cain when he calls us or when none of you is available to serve him." She explained.

Alice approached Hati and Mary. "If one of the maids is about to do something with Cain, feel free to take her place. I'm sure he can exhaust you and give her a treat afterward."

"But we can't let you two go without a punishment." Sofia smiled, looking at them. "Even I don't like other people doing it with Cain. But told him and the others."

"What...what do you want?" Hati gasped, seeing the glow in Sofia's eyes.

"I don't like that, evil queen of the dragons." Mary gasped.

"Hehe!" Sofia giggled, "Come here, little metallic steel dragon." She pulled her in. "Cain, how about you exhaust them?" She looked at him with a grin.

"I like that," Alice smiled, "Do them until they start begging you to stop. That will be a good punishment."

Gracie looked at Hati and Mary, "No until they beg the maids to take their place. The goal is to teach them. They can't handle you alone."

Selena smiled, "They are lucky-nya. I wish I get in their place-nya."

"I can give you one later." Cain smiled and then looked at the girls. "How about you? What did we talk about earlier?"

Sofia, Selena, Alice, and Gracie looked at each other, "As long as you're bringing it. We're okay with any woman, even ourselves." Sofia said with a smile.

"We should love each other as much as we love you. We won't get jealous of ourselves, but instead, be happy." Alice smiled.

"I'm as happy as to see anyone else held by Cain as I could be happy if I'm the one held-nya." Selena smiled.

"My thought never changed. I'm always by Master's side and ready to server him and ladies." Gracie smiled. She is the goddess of lust and the head maid assigned to Cain. It's her job to be sure he and any girl on his bed have a smooth time. She did enjoy herself anyway.

Cain walked toward Hati and Mary, "So, you heard them." He flicked his fingers, and his clothes disappeared. "Come here," He pulled Hati toward him.

"Cain, really. Right here and now?" she said, looking away with a red face.

Cain smiled, "Of course, you wanted some. And not, you can't kiss Gracie for the aphrodisiac." Hati's clothes disappeared, and she could feel him pushing against her stomach.

The girls sat on the couch to watch Hati getting her punishment, and the maids lined up in the back.FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Klara approached Alice, "My lady," She said with a slight bow.

"What is it?" Alice replied, taking her panties off. She was about to pleasure herself as she watched Cain and Hati.

"Can I help you?" She bowed.

Alice glared at her. "You know I hate doing it with women." She sighed, "But I guess you can help." Alice lifted her long skirt, "Get in."

Klara kneeled and got her head beneath Alice's skirt, and started licking her.

Alice covered Klara with her skirt so she won't see her and focused on Cain and Hati, letting her head do the rest.

Gracie approached Cain and took her clothes off, getting ready to help.

BAM! At that moment, and when everyone was about to get into it. Lilia appeared out of nowhere, landing on the table.

"Sorry for the interruption, Cain. I need your help with something." She looked at him.

Cain turned his head toward her, "Let me guess, you can't handle the tarrasque?"

"It's immune to magic, and I don't have enough physical power to erase it," Lilia replied.

"You used to throw mountains for fun." Cain looked at her.

"It's slid right through her." She replied.

"Her? Its a female? If earth glide is a problem, use air."

"Isn't dense enough. Other elements don't work as well. She's too stupid to fall for mind magic. You have large tentacles, and I thought you could help."

"I understand. Sofia, Selena, Alice, and Gracie, you're coming with us."

Thud! Selena smacked her fists together. "A large female-nya. I'm going to beat her-nya!" She smiled.