Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

ZON! Cain appeared mid-air with the girls around him. Lilia's true body is with the tarrasque, keeping watch over it.

"Is that it?" Cain smiled. He instantly got all the knowledge Lilia collected through magic. "She's one big girl."

"I can sense some healing magic in her body," Alice said, crossing her eyebrows to look closer. "It's an extreme one related to immunity to death itself. Killing her isn't an option."

"She looks close to a brown dragon." Sofia added, "But I can assure you she has no draconic origins. Albeit the earth magic flowing in her body is far greater than any Great wyrm I've seen."

"Could I get that big-Nya?" Selena smiled, remembering how big her jaguar form got. Cain looked at her and remembered that she was supposed to end the world once. 'Amaya and Elise from the other timeline said it. Selena sure has the potential to become such a monster.'

"Something is strange about her." Gracie looked at the tarrasque but still couldn't pin it.

The tarrasque stopped eating, turning its head toward the sky. Her eyes locked on Cain, causing Lilia to panic for a moment. Why did she ignore her, and now Cain drew her attention.

"I thought you won't fight." Cain looked at her.

SWOSH! In a blink, the tarrasque was in the sky, facing Cain. The ground shattered. It jumped all the way to the sky in the blink of an eye.

'Fast!' Cain gasped, flying back to avoid her massive front claw. He couldn't sense her coming as she had no killing intent. She moved without any telegraphing.

"Get away from him!" Sofia shouted, her body exploding in a storm of the elements as she transformed into her dragon form.

ROAR! With a roar, Sofia extended all of her five dragon heads to bite the tarrasque and keep her in place.

Thud! Without warning, the tarrasque shifted her body, putting her right hind leg on Sofia's torso. The pressure quickly built up, releasing an enormous shock wave.

The tarrasque was heavier, so Sofia ended up the one flying several miles away from the kick, breaking several ribs.

CLENCH! Cain twisted his tentacles around the Tarrasque's body. Alice lifted her hands up, dropping a waver of decay magic to try and hinder her regeneration. And lastly, Selena spun around, putting all of her weight on a punch to drop the tarrasque to the ground.

BAM! The tarrasque crashed on the ground, creating a massive dust storm.

CLICK! Cain flicked his finger, and he teleported Sofia back to his side. "Are you okay?" He asked.

"Alice, I need some quick healing," Sofia growled, glaring down at the tarrasque. "What is this raw power and speed? She doesn't even seem interested in killing or eating us."

"Ah!" Gracie smiled, "I see what she wants." She looked down at the tarrasque.

CRACKLE! A loud shattering sound akin to thunder exploded from the dust storm, blasting everything with a shockwave.

Everyone looked down. Even Lilia flew to Cain's side.

A lone woman stood on the deserted land. She stared at them, naked, with a clear liquid dripping between her legs. Her eyes fixated on Cain.

"She has a humanoid form?" Everyone gasped except Gracie, who looked at Cain. "She wants you."

It only took Lilia a fraction of a second to understand what the tarrasque wanted. Bringing Cain was a mistake. Did that bastard Primos know?

CLAP! Before anyone could react, Cain disappeared.

The girls stared at each other and noticed that the tarrasque disappeared as well. They looked up, and she was hugging Cain, flying up.

The tarrasque used to weigh several mountains worth, but now that she shrunk to a humanoid form, her weight dropped significantly, causing her speed to reach new heights.

"GAH!" Cain gasped, unable to breathe as the tarrasque hugged his torso, her legs wrapped around his hips. He tried to cast spells, but they failed. The tarrasque's body is nullifying them.

The only Cain could do was try and pray into the tarrasque's mind, trying to find a way to control it. But she didn't have a brain. She thinks with her full neural network.

If Cain wanted to control her. He needs to rewrite a new magic. Something designed to work on her.

"Let him go!" Sofia shouted with all the girls, surrounding Cain and the Tarrasque.

CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! They couldn't reach her speed the first time. And they won't the second. All of them got punched, slapped, and kicked away before they could blink.

Cain glared at the tarrasque's horny face. Who is fast enough to deal with her? There is no time to waste. If Lilia didn't do it, he will.

Lilia felt a sharp pain in her body. Cain sucked a ton of her magic to make two spells. One to forcefully teleport himself and the tarrasque to Lilia's world so they won't damage the mortal world further. And the second was to forcefully call everyone.

The scenery changed, and everyone knew it.

Thud! Thud! Amaterasu and Selune who were called grabbed the Tarrasque's shoulders. "What are you doing? Get away from him."

SWOSH! CRACK! The tarrasque twisted her body, kicking bother of them up, and repelling herself and Cain toward the ground.

BLOP!

Everyone looked down as Cain and the tarrasque sank to the ground like a stone in water. She was using earth glide to pull Cain with her. She was about to achieve what all the gods failed to.

Cain growled underground. The tarrasque earth glide is different. He isn't phasing through the ground. They are becoming one with the ground. The stones and dirt passed through his flesh and veins as if he was petrified. He was transforming into that material and moving through it.

The tarrasque swam deeper with Cain till she found a large rock. The two fused into it, and while still petrified, she ripped Cain's clothes off.

Cain can't breathe. Cast magic as he spent a lot of energy getting everyone here. And he can't even move. He's stuck.

The tarrasque pulled Cain's flesh out, shoving it inside herself in a single go and growling.

'As if I would let you do it.'

With a single thought, Cain forced his flesh to go limp. She won't be getting it up and moving.

The tarrasque stopped humping and looked down. It was soft. She growled, and Cain smiled inside. 'You won't be getting anything unless I want it.'

But then, Cain was faced with another skill of hers. The petrification of Earth glide started shifting. The tarrasque's will seeped into her innate magic, forcing his flesh to stand out by shifting the stones.

He was literally, rock-hard. And the tarrasque went back to humping.

~Cain! Do you hear me?~ Lilia's voice rang in his head.

~I do, but sounds distant.~

~We're searching for you. Can you give us any clues to your location? Send a magic wave or something~

~I can't. We became one with the earth. Looking for me will highlight the whole earth.~

Gracie interrupted the call, ~Cain, is Aria with you?~

~She inside me.~

Gracie smiled. ~Listen to me, don't resist the tarrasque. It's futile with her. She only wants to eat, sleep and reproduce. She will calm down if you started taking the lead.~

~Easier said than done. I can't move.~Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

~Aria absorbed Loviatar, the goddess of pain in the battle of the gods. Use that to make the tarrasque feel pain for the first time.~

Cain smiled inside, relaxing his body. Het himself gets hard naturally and stopped resisting the tarrasque. She stopped humping for a moment, staring at him confused before continuing.

Gracie was right. If he lets the tarrasque do what she wants, she won't even bother with anything done to her. Cain extended his tentacles deep into her through his flesh, piercing her inside and attaching to her nervous system.

Cain could feel Loviatar inside him as he called upon her power. He used her divine magic to give the tarrasque new pain nerves and then borrowed a brain from Aria to mix into her. He slowly changed her inside, and she didn't even flinch.

After about an hour of her humping him, Cain finally finished and smiled. Thud! The petrification canceled, and he clear a room around them, lighting it with magic.

As Cain and the tarrasque fell on the ground, she stood and looked around, confused.

Cain lay on the ground, "What is it? You want it, right?"

The tarrasque looked at his flesh, walking forward and standing above him. She slowly lowered her hips trying to push his massive meat into her.

"GRWA!" For a moment, she gasped and jumped back. A strange feeling she never had before struck her between her legs.

She glared at Cain confused as he called her again. "What is it? Did you feel something?" She never did anything like this before. She wasn't that wide, and couldn't take Cain's massive flesh into her body without ripping her insides apart. With each thrust, the tarrasque healed and regained her natural tightness and virginity which made each one of them extremely painful.

The tarrasque grunted her teeth. She couldn't understand this new feeling, but what she needs do didn't change. She approached Cain, Standing over him with her feet firmly on the ground.