Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

~Cain, do you hear me? How did it go?~ Alice asked through message.

~I'm fine. I managed to win, or should I say calm her somewhere.~ Cain teleported to the surface with the tarrasque. Everyone gasped, seeing her lying on her face while he humped her from the back.

"Wait! You're still going at her." Sofia gasped.

"She got used to the pain quickly. We need to feed her before I pull out, or she will jump away looking for food or lung back at me." Cain replied, looking at the tarrasque below him.

"We can't just feed her humans-nya!" Selena gasped. She remembers well when Cain told her she shouldn't eat humans.

"She was going after the elves. Probably she wants high-quality meat. People with a lot of magic in them." Cain smiled, grabbing the tarrasque's butt in his hands and increasing his speed. She was one of the few ones he could go all the way in with full force without worrying about anything.

"That can't be true. She would have eaten me if that was the case." Lilia approached him, "And why are you going so hard on her?"

Cain smiled. "Cause she can take it." He looked at Lilia, "I doubt you look appetizing. You're too small to be considered worth eating." He giggled. "Your corpse would probably stick in her teeth and never go down her throat."

Lilia looked at herself. The quality doesn't matter when the amount is abysmal. "Then how do you intend to feed her? Demons?" Lilia looked at Umberlee in the back, "We would need some from the abyss."

"I can get those easily." Gracie nodded. "How about the undead? I have a lot," Akame smiled.

"The sinners from hell would work as well." Alice smiled, getting ready to call Fierna to get her a batch.

"That won't be needed." Cain smiled. "She only understands eating, sleeping, and mating." He grabbed the tarrasque from the throat and lifted her up as he thrust deeper into her.

"I have some control over her nerves. She won't be sleeping without me allowing it. I'm also the only one who can satisfy her sexual desire." He smiled, "I'm going to have her be dependant on me until she gains enough intelligence to think on her own."

The girls stared at him. They all figured out what he was going to feed her. Cain opened his palm a tentacle grew from the ground. He swung his fingers and cut it. "Listen to me, you can eat this." Cain rubbed the tentacle on the tarrasque's face. "You can smell it, don't you? It's full of magic." He shoved the tip in her mouth and pulled it out from her.

The moment he stopped humping her, the tarrasque lunged at the tentacle, munching it without hesitation.

Cain smiled, looking at the other girls. "See?" It only took the tarrasque a few seconds to swallow the whole tentacle and look back at Cain. "Want more?"

The tarrasque glared at him, tilting her head. It was the first time she met someone like him. She understand the feeling of mating, and great food she never tasted before came afterward. As simple as it was, her new brain taken for Aria linked the dots.

She approached Cain and turned around, shoving his flesh into her whole. She then grabbed his hand and put it on her throat, mimicking how he was holding her before he gave her the tentacle.

She was learning, and already, her intelligence level was slowly rising.

"Do you intend to train her?" Sofia stared at Cain, approaching them and looking closely at the tarrasque.

"Until I manage to get her to learn speech. It might be a long process, but it has to be done." Cain smiled, "Or do you not like seeing me with a woman we just met?"

Sofia smiled, shaking her head, "We already talked about that. I don't mind anymore, and I don't think any of them should as well." She was back at all the girls. "What do you all think?"

The girls stared at him in silence, and then Umberlee was the first one to speak. "Can I get some two?"

"Me as well!" Akame lifted her hand with a large smile. Without long, all the girls were looking for their turn. Cain smiled. "At this rate, I will spend the rest of my life going around you."

"Lilia, Sofia, Selena, Alice, Gracie, Hati, Mary. You're going back with me to the mansion, everyone else returns to their work." ZON!

Everyone disappeared and Cain and the girls he chose appeared back in the mansion.

The maids gasped, seeing him humping a woman they never saw before. Cain smiled, "Take her to the bath and then give her some new clothes and put her in a room to sleep." Cain one last thrust as hard as he can, and the tarrasque fell on her face, asleep.

"Her name will be Tarra. Don't bother trying to wake her up, she won't." The maids looked at the naked woman sleeping on the floor. "As you order." Klara was about to start lifting Tarra when Alice called her, "We got back, so you should get back to licking me." She waved her hand to her.

"Everyone besides Klara, Lexi, and Katherine," Cain said, looking at the maids.

The maids carried Tarra to the bath, while the three maids headed toward Alice, Sofia, and Selena. Klara went between Alice's legs and started licking her. Lexi sat beside Sofia, they kissed each other before sliding their hands inside their panties and playing with each other. Selena took a nap on Katherin's lap while she rubbed her back and tail, like a cat.

Cain walked toward Hati and pulled her toward him, "Let's continue from where we stopped."

"You just stopped an apocalyptic monster." Lilia stared at him, "I just happened to have the cards to win against her. In fact, she is still stronger than me. I would have lost if she knew what fighting meant." Cain smiled, pulling Lilia to Hati's side, "You can compress air into heat if I remember correctly, why didn't you incinerate her?"

Lilia looked away. "I would have burned a large chunk of the elvish kingdom. Sylph would get angry, and you would give me an earful."

Cain smiled, kissing her and then looking at Hati. "Let's start." He then kissed Her.

Hati stared at him with a red face, her whole body sweating. She saw him going on the tarrasque, he never got as rough with her. Cain noticed that thought crossing her mind, so he smiled. "Get on your knees and start sucking it. I will be as rough with you as I was with Tarra."

Hati could feel her knees weakening as she felt his erection poking on her stomach. She looked at his face, slowly sitting on the ground.

Cain smiled, looking at Mary in the back. "Come lick her. Do your best so she will do her best at your turn."

Mary approached Hati with fearful steps and bend behind her, she then started licking as vigorously as she could. Gracie pushed her tongue into Cain's back end while he lifted Lilia to his face to lick her.

Half an hour later, the maids were still with the sleeping Tarra in the bath when Cain opened the door and walked in. The girls behind him carried Hati and Mary who were still shaking, while liquid dripped from their holes.

"Master, you didn't go overboard, did you?" Elsie asked with crossed eyebrows.

"No I didn't," Cain smiled, "Go clean them off." He laid the two girls down.

"Sorry master, but we still haven't finished with Tarra. Her skin is soo tough, it's hard to brush." Jemima added.

Cain smiled, "Well then, leave her to me and the girls. You take care of those two." He approached the sleeping Tarra with the girls around him.

"Sponge and soap won't do it with her." Cain looked at his palm and then started rubbing Tarra's back with his fingers, clawing the dead skin off. Even though she looked clean, she had a lot of hiding beneath her polymorph.

Sofia looked closely. "As expected, she was asleep underground for a long time." She started helping Cain. Alice and Selena went to bring water while Lilia and Gracie brought soap.

After about an hour of constant rubbing, they finally managed to get Tarra clean. "Should we dry her?" Sofia looked at Cain, generating a ball of wind and fire on her palm.

"Yeah, I do have something else to do." Cain moved back letting Sofia dry Tarra. He then smiled, cracking his fingers. From a small portal, a bottle of black appeared.

"Witch tattoos? Lilia stared at him, and then at Tarra."

"She's too strong, and I do intend on her having her stay awake more often. We need something to control her." Cain smiled, "I will also enchant her nails. But mostly to nerf her powers, until she can be reasoned with."

Cain started drawing on Tarra's body.

The tattoos were the same he gave to Zaleria and everyone else. Invisible until they are activated."Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m