Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Cain looked at the mountain in front of them. "I can sense monsters inside the caves. Giant spiders, demon spiders, and black weavers."

Moradin smiled. "I see. We can find the ores deep underground. What we need are the cursed stones."

"Green ores that can kill you for being near them. I still think that giving some to Lilia is a bad idea." Corellon looked at Cain. "Are you sure she will only make RAID with it?"

"Raining anti-insect drug, Yes." Cain looked at Corellon. "It's supposed to rain down and kill as many bugs in the seventh layer as possible."

Kayden looked at Cain. "Why do you need to kill bugs?"

"There are a lot of them, and they are massive and devilish. Mostly cockroaches." Cain replied, and Kayden smiled. "If you're being a little cared girl, send me there."

"I won't send you." Cain sighed. "I could kill them, but I don't want to waste any energy considering what's after them."

Kayden sighed, "Let me have a go before you use the chemical. I don't want their exp to go to waste. Monsters around here are getting too weak for me to level up."

"What? What level are you now? Aria just unlocked the system, didn't she?" Cain looked at Kayden, and so did everyone else.

"Level 142. I've killed most monsters around the city" Kayden lifted his palm, and a black gust of wind gushed forth. "I did get a tiny bit of experience from Talos but took his portfolio instead."

Moradin laughed, "You are already stronger than most gods. Seeing how you erased Talos, and now you're going after more power. I wonder how strong you will be in a thousand years."

Kayden smiled. "No, I would probably be dead by then."

Cain stared at him, dumbfounded, "No way you would be. You're an immortal demon lord."

*************

In Ferburg, inside Evan's Inn. Mabel was working as she did for the past forty years, wrestling dough to make bread. The inn is as busy as usual, and people never complained about her loaves. Their only sorrow would be Evan's bland soup. He never managed to get the spices right.

"Give me a second!" A man shouted from his table. "Coming right up," Evan replied.

"Mom, is there more bread?" Evan looked back at Mabel. "There is enough. I made a little extra today." She smiled and pulled a hot batch from the oven. She walked across the room and laid them on a tray to cool off a bit.

When Evan turned around, a rogue stood from his chair, sneaking between the tables toward the counter. His plan was simple, get in and out before anyone noticed.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

The rogue smiled, seeing Evan relaxed as ever. He has gotten used to having a lot of people without any trouble. He started letting his guard down.

Such a successful business would have been the target of thieves if not for the rumor of the monster Cain being a friend of the owners. But those seem to be just rumors. He has stayed here each day for almost a month and never saw anything to back those claims.

CRACK! Out of nowhere, a woman appeared before the counter as if she teleported there. Just her appearance shook the whole Inn with a blast.

"You're Mabel?" The woman said with a strong voice, her golden hair glowing like polished gold, and a faint burning flame gushed from her eyes. It was only then that people noticed the ten pure white wings on her back, and the stupid amount of divine magic dripping from her slivery heavy armor.

Everyone in the inn froze. They couldn't even breathe as their hands started shaking, and their legs almost gave up. They couldn't take their eyes off her back.

Like a newborn gazal walking through the woods, just to come face to face with a tiger. Running won't save them, and fighters won't even help. Their bodies' natural response was to stop, and hope the monster ignores them and move on.

The woman turns around, glaring at the rogue. SWOSH! His body disintegrated into ash, and that burned with a golden flame into nothingness.

There was nothing anyone could do. The clerics were frozen there just realizing they are gazing upon an angel. Something that even popes would dream and devote their life to seeing for a fraction of a second.

The angel looked at Mabel. "My name is Shamis. Amaterasu's first Archangel. Pleased to meet you." she bowed slightly.

Mabel blinked twice, confused at what was in front of her. "You are an? Angel?"

"Yes," Shamis bowed. "I have seen the marvelous genius of your bread and heard stories of your cooking from the dragon goddess and the esteemed maids of the overgod Cain. We came here personally to ask you to cook in the divine feast of the new kingdom."

While Mabel stared at Shamis, trying to wrap her head around everything. One of the people inside noticed something ominous. The angel said, WE?!

The man slowly shifted his eyes to look out of the window. He pissed himself. The sky was bloated with angels, hundreds if not thousands surrounded the city and the sky.

"I would be happy to cook for the gods, but are you sure I'm enough? My bread isn't that special." Mabel looked at Shamis.

"No, it is special." Shamis clenshed her fist. "No matter how much we tried, no one of us could have made something as perfect as your bread." She remembered what happened a few minutes ago.

****

Shamis tasted the old bread in the mansion kitchen and flew directly toward Amaterasu. "Your Highness!"

Amaterasu sighed as she has been working on tunning the light of the sun with Kossuth. "What is it? You rarely come to me like this." She approached Shamis with an exhausted face.

"You Highness, please taste this." Shamis showed the old bread to Amaterasu.

"What is this?"

"Old bread that had been sitting on the ground behind a counter for almost a month," Shamis replied, and Amaterasu glared at her. "Are you insane?"

"Please try."

Amaterasu took a bite. She was a goddess. What bad could an old piece of bread do?

After tasting it, Amaterasu glared at Shamis with a serious face. "Take everyone you need, bring me the one who made this."

And this is how it got to this point.

****

BAM! Angels landed across the city, ready to escort Mabel and Evan into the heavens. "Wait!" A maid came in rushing across the street. She pushed the angels away and opened the Inn's door. "I told you to wait!"

Shamis turned around. "Klara? I told you I would be gentle."

"You didn't need to bring enough forces to destroy a kingdom. What is this?" She pointed outside at the army of angels. "You could have just walked out of the mansion to the one upstreet and come here.

Ferburg's mansion and Cain's mansion were linked with the infinite maze.

"I can't use the Overgod's property without calling him. That's why I asked Her Majesty Amaterasu to send us down as she does the rays of the sun."

Klara sighed. "Lisen, I could have brought you with me. I can use the gates freely." She stared at Shamis.

Shamis sighed, "Fine, but I'm already here." She turned toward Mabel, "Let's go."

"Send them back. You're scaring the people. Do you want to anger Master Cain?" Klara glared at her.

The people at the Inn couldn't believe their eyes. A maid was shouting at an angel, and that angel was looking away.

"You all, get back to the upper realms. I will bring Mabel with Klara." the angels nodded, disappearing instantly.

"Klara, what is going on?" Mabel approached Klara. She had cooked for Cain before and is well acquainted with his maids.

"Since Master Cain became a god, he's now building his own domain. Some of the gods are helping build that domain, and we need to cook for them. Care to help us? Of course, we will pay you." Klara smiled.

"I know Cain became a god since the last time he banished the dragons attacking the city." Mabel looked at Klara, "How is he doing?"

"Master Cain is doing well, and I'm sure he will be better after eating your bread again." Klara smiled.

"In that case, let's go." Mabel looked back at Evan. "I will head out first. Close the Inn after and follow me."

"Someone needs to stay. You have to go alone." Evan smiled.

Shamis smiled. "One last thing I need to say." She turned toward the adventurers in the inn. "All those angels won't waste any time rushing to purge anyone who dares bring harm to this inn. No more thieves around here."

Shamis hid her wings. And she walked out with Klara and Mabel, heading toward Cain's mansion.

When they reached halfway, Klara looked at Shamis. "Didn't you just say no thieves?"

"I did pay for them," Shamis looked away. "Her Majesty wanted one..."

When Evan looked at the kitchen, he found two loafs missing, with several gold coins in their place.