Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Cain and every one stood at the edge of the mountain cliff, looking down a stone gaping maw. "This cave extends down to the caverns where we can find the spiders and ores," Cain said.

"It isn't a regular cave. This is a vent hole built by the ancient dwarves. I can remember Dorlininious, Hadmin, Hoplpuff, and Jormanis digging it day and night." Moradin smiled, "May they rest in peace."

"You remember each dwarf?" Chad stared at Moradin. "Of course, I forged their bodies and souls on my forge." He touched the walls, "They are like my children. There is no way I can forget them."

They slowly walked into the cave, watching their steps as they heard water dripping in the distance.

Cain lifted his palm, [Light] He created six orbs of pure light to float over their heads. "It's not like we need light to see, but this could help."

It was true that all of them had [Dark vision].

"Say, Corellon." Moradin looked at the elf god. "Would it be a problem if I revived the cave?"

Corellon stared back at Moradin, "You don't mean bringing the dead dwarfs back to life But bringing a new colony here. If it was the latter, I won't mind."

"I thought dwarfs and elves didn't like each other." Chad stared at them.

"The people, yes," Moradin replied. "Elves think of themselves higher than dwarves, while we aren't taking it silently."

"But in fact, you two seem like friends."

Moradin looked at Corellon. "We are, that's the only reason dwarves and elves never fought face to face before even though all the problems between them."

Corellon sighed, "I'm quite grateful Sylph is taking the queen's role. She had stopped all the problems with the drow and dwarves."

"You two, they came." Kayden pulled his sword, looking deeper into the cave. Two massive spiders emerged from the darkness, the smallest of them was the size of a cow.

GRRRRR! A deep growl came from the monsters as they glared forward. Cain was hiding his and the gods' auras so they won't scare the monsters away.

"I will take care of them," Kayden took a deep breath, the veins on his arms popping as he stood still. [Wind Slash] CLING! In the blink of an eye, he pulled his sword and sheathed it again, sending a crescent slash of compressed air.

"Talos's portfolio, you can already command the air?" Hades smiled, patting Kayden's shoulder. "I heard the new demon lord is a genius, but to take control of such a power this quickly."

"I still can't control it. You can barely call this attack magic, let alone the power of a god." Kayden stared forward as one of the spiders fell, slashed in half. "I know the potential of the storm portfolio is higher than this."

The remaining spider stared at its friend who fell dead before they could do anything. She became scared and turned around to run, rushing deeper into the cave.

Cain walked toward the spider corpse with a small knife, "Webbing gland, poison gland, fangs, and the heart." He inspected the corpse, plucking what he could. "Kayden, your slash hit the heart. Please try to avoid that."

"The heck are you talking about." Kayden glared at Cain, "Spiders have one large heart spreading from their head to the end of their stomach. I can't leave that without cutting."

"Not when spiders get this big." Cain pulled the heart, "Look, they have a big one and even lungs."

Kayden approached the corpse and looked closely, "You're right, the one I used to kill was the size of a sheep, and they didn't have anything like this."

The group kept going deeper into the ground, killing spiders as they approached the ancient mines.

"Say, Cain. Is it rude to ask how Lolth is doing?" Corellon looked at Cain.

"I'm not giving her back." Cain stared back at him.

"Hell no! I don't want her anywhere near me. Just be careful around her." Corellon sighed, "Since she's dangerous, I used to keep a tab on her. But she disappeared lately."

"Ah! You're talking about that." Cain smiled. "Gracie is putting her through a trial to make her stronger, and more obedient."

"Don't take it easy on her." Corellon looked at Cain, "We two spent a thousand years together before she stabbed me in the back. Her rotten mind can be unpredictable."

"You call one of his wives rotten in front of him?" Moradin laughed, "You're a real one."

"I'm being honest. I will not pretend I have a pleasant experience with Lolth and watch him suffer later." Corellon growled.

"You did the same with the Orc god. But he didn't like it much." Moradin laughed his stomach out.

"Shut up," Corellon growled.

"Listen, Cain! When Lolth betrayed this man to Gruumsh, what do you think he did?" Moradin looked at Cain.

"He went to fight him?"

"No, this one here went to warn Gruumsh about Lolth. Of course, the latter didn't take kindly to that." Moradin glared at Cain.

"Lolth betrayed Gruumsh as she did Corellon. He would have been better if he listened to Corellon's warning." Cain sighed, "I'm taking your warning to heart, Corellon. I will keep a close eye on Lolth to make sure she doesn't start any trouble."

"Say, Cain, what about Mary?" Chad looked at Cain with a smile. "You two did have some inner fighting."

"We made up for it." Cain looked at his father, "That's in the past."

"She's still Bahamut's daughter. How about you pay the metallic dragons a visit? I'm sure they will be happy seeing you." Chad smiled.

"The star mount?" Corellon smiled, "I should pay Bahamut a visit as well. We haven't talked in a while."

"You're right, we haven't talked in ages." A voice came from behind them. When they turned it was Bahamut and Jorm.

"You two! Where have you been?" Cain looked at them, surprised.

Jorm combed his long white beard. "I and Sir Bahamut went into the sea seeking food. The fish is fresh and soft." The world serpent fragment and the metallic dragon have been swimming across the sea, eating.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"Now we're eight," Cain sighed, "Do you know how much power is here?"

Chad looked around, "Several gods, I would say more than we need."

After an hour, the gods returned to the city and stopped by the adventurers' guild. Cain walked toward the counter where one of the receptionists stared at him. It was rare to see someone with white hair.

"How could I help?" she asked, her eyes sneaking glares at the people behind him.

Cain pulled his adventurer card. "Here. We killed some demon spiders and like to sell the parts we don't need."

The receptionist looked at Cain's card, and it took her a second to start panicking. "Wait! Cain Lisworth! The s-rank white mage from the human kingdom!" She gasped as she ran through their register.

"Yes, that's me." Cain smiled.

"Excuse me for a second." The receptionist rushed back and then returned after a few seconds. "Please follow us to the back storage room."

Cain looked at her, "Sorry, but I doubt a small room could fit what I have. There are a lot of them, after all."

The receptionist stopped, then please follow me to the training ground. Put them there, and we will transport them afterward. She guided Cain and the rest to the training ground.

Cain pulled his platinum staff and waved it around, opening the storage linked to the infinite maze and dropping all the spiders out. A total of over seventy carcasses.

The receptionist gasped, taking a step back and falling on her butt. "How many did you kill? Those are A-rank monsters!"

"And I'm an S-rank." Cain replied with a smile, "I bet all of those are like me as well."

Bahamut looked at the woman, "I may not be registered, but I won't allow you to underestimate my strength." Ever since Cain relived his twilight, Bahamut has been feeling more energetic and is acting like an excited cat, jumping to fights whenever he gets the chance to spread his claws.

The receptionist looked at Bahamut with a scared face, she couldn't feel any power from him, but if he came with an S-rank, her career might end if he got angry at her. "Sorry, sir!"

"Hey, young lady." Moradin approached her, "Don't mind the old fart. He's just a bit too energetic lately."

"What did you call me?" Bahamut growled, and the two gods seemed to be on the verge of fighting.

"Healer! Healer!" A man screamed from the main hall. Everyone rushed there to check what happened.

"A healer! Someone! Anyone!" A party has just returned from a quest, defeated. They dragged their dwarf cleric on a wooden tray as he seems to have been gouged in the stomach with a large bone.

When everyone in the guild looked, the dwarf was clearly dead. "Calm down. It's too late. Look at him." One of the adventurers there was a wood elf as the majority of the people in this country were. He approached. "His face is already blue."

"No! I can't let him die!" The elf who was in a party with the dwarf shouted. "He protected me, I can't fail him now!"