Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Morena walked to the bath with Zaleria and Kossuth behind her. "Mother, please take a seat. I will wash your back."

"No, I will do it." Zaleria pushed her away.

The two sisters glared at each other as their mother smiled. They were the same as she remembers them. Those two wyrmlings scrambling about in the nest.

Morena used to be the one triggering Zaleria with something. While Zaleria was the one to resort to violence first. But albeit all the fighting, she could remember the two care for each other.

The relationship between the two sisters fell apart after their mother disappeared. Each one took her way of witchcraft and perfected it to prove a point.

Zaleria tried to be like her mother and focused on her flames. While Morena wanted to learn the art of the dead. In the hope to contact their mother whom she thought was dead.

"Don't fight. Both of you can do it." Kossuth pulled a small wooden stool and sat with a smile, moving her hair to the side.

"Cain won't like seeing you two fight, would he?" Kossuth smiled, "Work together."

Zaleria and Morena looked at each other, "You're right, be we aren't fighting." Zaleria replied with a pout.

"Said the one who was about to punch me in the face. I suggested it first," Morena glared back with a grin.

ZON! Lilia appeared before Kossuth, causing the two sisters to freeze. "Kossuth, do you have a moment?"

"As you can see, no." Kossuth opened her arms with a smile, "I'm butt naked in the bath."

"I'm working on developing my body for stronger physical capabilities. I like to have a sample of your flesh." She pulled a needle out of a dimensional pocket.

"If that's the case, go ahead." Kossuth smiled, and Lilia nodded. She kneeled before Kossuth and inserted the needle in her thigh.

"I got what I needed, thank you." Lilia smiled.

"You don't need mine alone. Do you?" Kossuth smiled. Zaleria and Morena approached Lilia, "You took from Tarra as well, didn't you?"

"Of course. I'm trying to make the perfect body for myself." Lilia smiled.

"Are you finally getting a taller body? You've been a halfling for a long time." Zaleria stared at her with a smile. She could barely reach her hips in height.

"Zaleria is right. You could benefit from some extra length." Morena patted Lilia's head.

Lilia laughed, "I'm not changing my height or appearance. I like my current body. And I won't be able to make short jokes if I became taller."

"They aren't called halflings for no reason. Even though they look mature, they are half the height of normal people. Like you took an elf and shrunk him to half-size." Kossuth lifted Lilia from her sides and put her on her thigh. "It will be easier to pack power in a large body."

Lilia smiled, looking at her arm. "I don't have much space to work with, so I will have to change my biology a lot. That's why I need samples from the three strongest living beings."

Kossuth smiled, "Cain, Tarra, and I."

"Exactly. I will use you three as examples to work from. I'm already having some inspiration from Tarra and Cain." Lilia smiled.

"I will not have a dedicated heart, but make my veins pump blood by contracting. And from Cain, I will create multiple small brains and spread them across my body for cognitive perfection." Lilia explained a bit about her plan.

"Cain is out looking for the ingredients for RAID. Did you get everything ready for that?" Zaleria stared at her.

"Of course. Those bugs won't be bugging the next day he brings me the ingredients." Lilia smiled, standing up.

"I will be going now. See you in the feast." Lilia flicked her finger, and her body disappeared.

Zaleria and Morena washed Kossuth's back, and she did the same for them before they headed to the hot bath.

"It's always nice to relax once in a while." Zaleria stretched her arms.

"You're always relaxing. Look at me. I don't have muscles to relax." Morena lifted her arms.

Zaleria sighed, "And what are those," She touched her arms, hips, and chest. "This is meat if I ever saw one."

"You know what I mean," Morena growled.

Kossuth laughed, "At least I understood it." She looked at them, "Tell me, how was it going with Cain."

"Beside strength?" Zaleria stared at her mother, confused.

"Yes, you two been with him longer than me. Tell what he likes, in bed, for example." Kossuth smiled.

"I don't know about talking about that with my mother," Zaleria sighed.

"Come on! It doesn't matter." Morena looked at Kossuth.

Zaleria sighed. She is the one with a long time with Cain. "We're in luck as he likes to get rough from time to time. But he keeps a tab on hour minds so he won't go overboard."

Morena scratched her head, "Yeah. Especially me. He's always listening and looking through my eyes. We're one, after all."

"Really?" Kossuth gasped looking at Morena.

"Of course," Cain's voice came from Morena's mouth. "And not just her, All of you are linked to me, and I know everything you're doing."

Zaleria and Kossuth gasped, jumping away from Morena. "Cain!?" Zaleria cried.

Morena blinked twice, "Now it's me." Morena smiled, "But he's still watching and listening."

Kossuth smiled, licking her lips as she stared at Morena. "So I can't escape. I love it."

"Mom, don't look at me like that." Morena gasped.Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"I'm looking at Cain." She approached Morena, "Say, can you weaken me enough, so I can't escape your arms."

Morena pushed her mother away, "Ask him when he gets back. He should have a response by then," She sighed and looked at Zaleria. "Isn't that right?"

"Cain can enchant your nails. Or tattoo your body as he did to Tarra." Zaleria smiled, "Technically, you can be weakened to that degree."

Kossuth smiled, "That's delightful, isn't it?"

Zaleria nodded, "I know. It just doesn't hit the spot if I can move. The thrill of not being able to move is something else."

Morena stared at Zaleria and her mother, "Those are red dragons for you." She sighed, "I like it simple."

Zaleria looked at Morena, "You like it simple? Said the one who rushed Cain..." She stopped, "I mean, he let his guard down." She sighed.

"I apologized for that, and he accepted it. Let it slide." Morena sighed.

Zaleria scratched her head, "Now, something I wanted to ask for a while. Since I don't want to end up in Bela and Jella's situation."

"If Cain wanted to do it at the same time." Morena scratched her head.

"Are you two worried about me seeing you doing it?" Kossuth smiled.

"The question is for you." Morena stared at Kossuth.

"I don't mind it at all." Kossuth smiled. "It's a common occurrence, isn't it?"

Red dragons are like lions. It isn't strange for a mother to get railed with her daughters if a strong male came and killed her husband.

"I'm not talking about doing it in front of each other." Zaleria looked at Kossuth. "I used to do it with the maids. They end up licking me or doing something. I'm asking if that would be okay."

Kossuth scratched her chin, "That depends on how he goes about it." She smiled, "And how hard he went on me."

Morena sighed. Her mother was worst than Zaleria. "You're okay with it if everything was extreme and rough."

Kossuth nodded, "Yeah,"

The two sisters stared at her. She's hopeless now that she found a man stronger than her.

Kossuth smiled, looking at her daughters as they walked got out of the bath and headed to the living room. To her, those moments were priceless.

Zaleria dropped herself on the couch, exhaling, "The work is almost done. I didn't expect it to end this quick."

Morena sat beside her, "We have multiple gods working together. And the demons are helping with the construction," She sat with one leg on the other.

"Aria is also helping out. Did you see her flattening the ground with Cain's magic?" Kossuth smiled.

"She's powerful and has a lot of tricks up her sleeve." Morena looked at the door, "Klara, is it too much to ask for some tea?"

Klara walked out of the kitchen, drying her hands, "Not at all. It will come soon." She turned around and looked inside, "Scarlett, heat the tea and pour it for them in the living room."

"Yes, ma'am." Scarlett rushed inside, dodging the other maids working in the kitchen, and picked a tea kettle and put it on a small stove.

After the tea was heated, she took the kettle and rushed to the living room, and laid it on the table. "I will bring some cups. Please wait a moment."

'Why didn't she bring them while the tea was heating up?' Kossuth asked in her head, and then shook the thought out. 'I'm not a maid. I won't know.'