

Scarlett brought the tea cups and started pouring for Kossuth her daughters.

"Say, all of you maids have a high concentration of magic but can't fight. Why is that?"

Scarlett blinked twice, thinking about what she just heard. "Sorry, but I don't know what are you talking about." She replied with a little confusion in her voice.

Amaya walked out of the kitchen, "Not all of us are the same." She approached Kossuth with a smile.

"As you can see, I can fight." Amaya stared at Kossuth's eyes.

Kossuth smiles, putting one leg on the other. "How about her?" She pointed at Scarlett. "Only two of you can fight?"

"We're maids, our job is to service Master Cain and the ladies. Fighting isn't included." Amaya approached Kossuth. "Albeit most of us are far stronger than normal humans now."

Scarlett stood, looking at her arms. They looked soft and squishy like any girl she knows. But even she could tell. The iron pans have been feeling a bit lighter in her hands.

"Now that you mention it," Scarlett looked at Amaya, "Earlier when Lady Selena sent the first batch of gorgons that she hunted with Lady Hati. I did drag one with one hand."

Amaya nodded, "All of you are getting stronger just by being around Cain."

Zaleria waved her hand, calling Scarlett to get closer. When she could touch her, she smiled.

"I see. Mana has seeped into your flesh and bones. Reinforcing them." She then looked at her mother. "It's like a temporary buff as a result of being always surrounded by high magic sources."

Kossuth nodded, "Those maids do sleep with Cain. I'm sure that has played a big role." She smiled, "Do you think I will get stronger by being close to him?"

"I hit the great wyrm stage just by being close to him for a long time. Also, he did enchant my nails and gave me the witch tattoo." Zaleria smiled.

Morena stared at Kossuth, "Say, want him to do your nails as well? I'm sure you would like it,"

"Morena is right, mother. I'm sure you can handle more than we could. He would make you far stronger." Zaleria smiled.

"I'm not sure. I want him to remain stronger than me." Kossuth scratched her chin and looked at her daughters. "Is there a way for us to make him stronger?"

"There isn't much we can do. We're weaker." Zaleria replied, and Kossuth looked down. But then her eyes lit up, and she smiled.

"I know it! I got an idea!" She shouted, standing up.

"What?" Zaleria gasped, seeing her mother excited.

"I almost forget since I never used it in a while. But I know fire witchcraft!" She smiled, her eyes sparkling.

"Even I do. What's special about it?" Zaleria looked at her mother.

"I'm going to make him a talisman with my hair, nails, and blood. I can also cut some of my scales to make him a suit of armor, and probably a weapon or two." She rushed with a smile on her face. "Oi! Maid!"

Klara looked out of the kitchen. "What is it?"

"Send me to that naked alchemist lady!" Kossuth smiled, waving her arm.

"Olivia? Use the third door to the west. It has 'LAB' written on it." Klara replied with a passive face, and Kossuth rushed out.

***

Inside the lab, Olivia stood naked with a bunch of Lolth's angels and Selune trying to make an elixir. "Naked alchemist, I need your help!" Kossuth rushed in, waving her hand.

Olivia turned around, "I have a name, and it's Olivia." She sighed with a disappointed face.

Selune and Lolth's angels gasped. They looked at Kossuth in fear. "Kossuth, what brought you here?" Selune approached her.

"Ah! Moon bunny. I want to make something for Cain to make him stronger. Do you care to help?" Kossuth said with a happy face.

"Make him stronger than he is? Do you want to turn him into AO or something?" Selune gasped. Cain was already stronger than most gods and had a ton of support from the people below him.

"I don't know if it will make him as strong as AO, but I want him to at least be able to beat me with ease," Kossuth said with an innocent smile.

"He already won against you." Selune sighed.

"I want him to be able to be stronger. Can you help me?" Kossuth put her hands on Selune's shoulders and looked at Olivia.

Olivia sighed, "So, what do you want to do?"

"I have several things in mind." Kossuth approached the alchemy table and stripped. Her skin was tougher than her clothes, and she rather not damage what Cain gave her.

"First, I want to make a talisman using my hair, nails, and blood for him to use as an Arcane focus. I will also rip some of my scales off and make him armor with them." She combed her hair with her fingers, causing sparks of flame to gush out.

"Those aren't things I can help you with." Olivia approached Kossuth. "And I'm a human, you know? I can't forget the scales of a fire god."

"I will do that part." Kossuth smiled, "I want you to work on another thing." She clapped her hands.

BAM! A small burst of flame exploded between her hands, and Cain's sword appeared. Everyone in the room gasped and lunged back.

"Inanna, it's been a while." Kossuth smiled.

The sword remained silent for a while and then spoke. "Kossuth, what do you need of me?"

"Don't worry. I got Cain's permission to use you." Kossuth smiled, grabbing the sword in her hand.

"What?" Inanna gasped. And her blade burst into flame. "HOT! I'm burning!" She cried.

"Calm down, calm down." Kossuth smiled. "You won't die from this. I'm giving you some of my flames. Make sure to tame them."

Kossuth then looked at Olivia, "Take some of my blood, and gather blood from every willing girl. I will try and make an elixir for Cain to get stronger."

"By mixing powers from everyone? Cain already can do that after the time he spent with them before taking Amaterasu down. I doubt you can make him stronger that way."

"Really? Then it's only me who is left out?" Kossuth looked sad.

"I'm sure Cain didn't take any power from Amaterasu, you, or that new girl Tarra. And honestly, you three might be the strongest of us all." Olivia replied.

"I agree with her." Selune looked at Kossuth. "You three are far beyond what he can achieve."

Kossuth looked at Lolth's angels, and they went on their knees, heads to the ground. "Yes," One of them said with a trembling voice.

The angels knew the difference between them and Kossuth. They could see her, towering over them and Lolth alike.

"Stand up and get back to work." Kossuth looked at them, smiling, "We're going to make Cain stronger."

"Hoi! I need them for my work. Get other people to help you." Olivia stood facing her. "Cain tasked me with making the elixir."

Kossuth scratched her chin, "So I need some outside help." She started thinking, "Who can help me?"

"Alora is coming to help me as well. You can't take her." Olivia growled.

After thinking for a while, a smile crossed her face.Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

"I know. I have some people who can help." She clapped her hand, and two red-skinned women appeared out of nowhere. They looked around, confused. both of them wore little clothes, but one had more jewelry on her body, while the other had a holy look.

When their eyes stopped on Kossuth, they froze in place. Their teeth cracked as their knees refused to stay put.

"It's been a while, but I need you both to help me with something." Kossuth approached them, patting their shoulders. "What do you say?"

***

Thud! Lilia landed in her lab, facing one of her clones that lay on a floating magic table.

"GAIA, I still need the magic crystals of northern frost landers. Go bring me a batch, and take whatever you need." Lilia said as she started getting her chemicals ready.

"I'm going with protocol GN. I will report back in six hours. If not, assume I'm dead." GAIA replied as she teleported away.

"As if anyone could kill you. You absolute monster." Lilia sighed.

GAIA was a warforged golem made by Primos. She fought Glasya head-on when she took over Gracie's body.

ZON! GAIA appeared out of thin air, standing in the middle of the snow frigid lands. She looked around, any human would have been blinded by the reflected light across this snow-white desert. "Target located, initiating protocol GN." SWOSH! GAIA lifted her arms, her maid outfit flapping in the win. CLING! Two long blades emerged from her forearms, extending forward like mandibles. Her skirt twisted around her legs, turning into what resembled large pants.

"Analizing subject, Sofia." [Burning Feet]

BAM! With a massive explosion of flames. She blasted forward using the blades as wings.