

Fire Djinnis, or Efreetis, are the native people of the elemental plane of fire. They are mostly human-looking if you disregard their crimson-red skin, glowing yellow eyes, and large horns, and their legs turn into flames when they decide to fly.

The two girls that Kossuth summoned started shaking in their place. The fire lady who could burn the flames is looking at them. This a situation that any one of them dreamed of.

"You two are good with potions and magic? Are you?" Kossuth said with a smile, squatting down to look them in the face.

"We merely have humbles skills," One of the girls replied, taking distressed gasps for air even though she can't breathe well outside.

"No need to be tense. I didn't call you for anything bad." Kossuth smiled, grabbing the two girls by their shoulders and helping them stand. "I need your help with something, and you better deliver."

"As you order, great lord Kossuth." The two girls cried, their knees still refusing to lift them up.

Kossuth sat back on a chair. "Say, how is your father doing?" Kossuth looked at the first girl.

"Father, Sultan Al-nari ben al Jahhime is doing well, but he's lately been distressed by your majesty's absence." The girl looked at Kossuth's face, "Had you abandoned the elemental plane of fire?"

Thud! The other girl punched her in the arm, "Watch your mouth, beg for her forgiveness before she burns the whole plane to ash."

"Priestess, let her speak. I won't harm anything," Kossuth looked at them. "I didn't abandon the elemental plane of fire, I went out to check on an interesting man."

The two girls gasped, staring at her. "No matter how many great warriors came your way, they all burned to ask before reaching you." They looked back, seeing a feeble and naked human woman.

Kossuth smiled with a faint blush, pushing her chest forward and putting her hands on her hips. "Hehe. I found a husband, someone stronger than me. It's an occasion to celebrate."

The two girls froze in terror, a man who can tame the fire goddess? What in the nine hells is that monster, and where did it come from? In their minds, Cain looked anything like a normal existence.

The two girls only knew Kossuth as a titanic ball of condensed eternal flames, hot enough to burn the fire elementals, who are immune to flames.

They wanted to ask where is he, they wanted to see what that horror looked like, but they knew that a question they would regret asking. It then clicked in their heads, and they looked at their bodies. Their faces turned pale.

The Sultan's daughter ripped her clothes off and started inspecting her body, she wasn't burned, in fact, she didn't feel any heat at all.

The priestess remained frozen, realizing their unbelievable reality. The last time Kossuth spoke to anyone, it was her father who went on a pilgrimage to the fireball. He could only speak to Kossuth while his skin was burning into ask, and he died a day after his return.

Why are they still alive? Why aren't they burning? "We aren't dying?" The priestess gasped.

"Ah!" Kossuth smiled, scratching her cheek. "About my flames, Cain is keeping it in check for me. You could say he's keeping a leash on me." She giggled.

'Nah!' The priestess's mind gave up. That man wasn't just strong enough to beat Kossuth, but he can keep her in check. She doesn't want to even be in the same plane of existence as such a monster.

The priestess fell on her face, unconscious.

The Sultan's daughter gasped, staring at Kossuth. "Your Majesty wanted us to help with Alchemy, what do you want us to make?"

Kossuth smiled, "Remember the man I was talking about? I want you to help me make him stronger."

Thud! The Sultan's daughter passed out as well. She could handle that idea.

A few minutes later, the two girls woke up on a couch with a maid glaring at them. "Where are we?" The Sultan's daughter sat up, poking the priestess.

Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"Please rest for now." The maid, Lexi said with a smile.

The moment Sultan's daughter started thinking, her brain rejected the atrocities she had heard into a dream. There is no way a man can tame Kossuth.

The Sultan's daughter stared at Lexi. 'Did someone kidnap us? Illusion?' She was about to strike Lexi when a voice came from the back.

"I would think a hundred times before doing it. The maids are closer to Cain than me, your entire race could end up being wiped for her sake." Kossuth was sitting on a couch, smiling.

The priestess woke up, and unlike Sultan's daughter, she wasn't confused. "You Majesty, should we get to work?" She walked out of the bed and bowed to her.

"You were always a devoted priestess. You're lucky to be the first one to be able to speak with me without daying." Kossuth smiled.

"My family worshipped you for generations. Since the days of the great old wars. Please allow me to keep doing the same."

Kossuth laughed, "Your family started worshipping so I won't burn the whole plane to ash. You Efreetis were afraid of me, and are still terrified."

The priestess nodded. "We indeed do, there is no use hiding it from the eternal flames. We only pray to you out of fear, Please, have mercy on the plane residents."

Kossuth smiled, "Now that you're saying it, we still hadn't held your initiation. You were supposed to officially take the title."

"We couldn't hold the initiation as it was supposed to start when your flames goes crimson." The priestess replied. Kossuth always remained as a titanic, white ball of heavenly flames.

The initiation ritual was simple. When Kossuth's flames cool. The time to change the head pope comes. The candidates will rush as closely as they can to Kossuth, and then pick a spot to stop and pray. Then they have to run back.

Those who return, and Kossuth remains red, failed. Those who couldn't return before she turns white again will burn and die. And the only one who makes it in the neck of times, half charred. They take the title.

"I still have sisters, so we should hold the test as soon as possible." the priestess said with a calm voice.

"Hold the test? Why is that?" She looked at the priestess with a puzzled face. "I'm right here, and you're speaking with me." Kossuth approached the priestess, hugging her. "You can feel me, right? Do you think anyone can achieve this?"

The priestess stared at Kossuth in silence.

"Your sisters don't need to take part in any test. You're the new head pope." Kossuth grabbed the priestess by the face. "I'm the goddess, and I decide. Go back and get your things ready, you will be living with me from now on."

POFF! The priestess disappeared in a puff of fire. Thud! When the priestess opened her eyes, she found herself standing on the elemental plane of fire. BOOM! A large white sun exploded above her head, and Kossuth returned.

[Just so you know, Cain is the one protecting you from my flames. You will have to thank him later, but now, head back to the temple and get your stuff.]

***

In the Great Fire temple, the people there were panicking. It had been several days since Kossuth disappeared, and now one of the candidates did as well. Were they cursed, what happened to their goddess?

BOOM! They suddenly saw the white sun explode in the sky again, illuminating the whole plane.

"Kossuth! Kossuth is back!" They started cheering, rushing to bow and pray outside. As they started, they saw a humanoid figure walking out of the divine flames. She was the missing priestess.

They froze for a moment, unable to believe their eyes.

"Burnhill!" One of the other candidates cried, rushing out to her, but the flames started searing her skin.

"Stay away. I'm coming," Burnhill replied, and the other candidates pulled the reckless priestess with a metallic chain and a hook.

"What happened?" They gasped as Burnhill stood before them.

"Her majesty, Kossuth went to an outside plane of existence and found a man strong enough to be her husband. In fact, she said he was stronger than her." Burnhill said briefly, and everyone panicked even more.

"She named me the next pope. And told me to gather my stuff as I will be living with her." She looked to the side. "And Princess Hono Al-nari is with me as well. So you don't have to worry about anything or hold any more rituals."

"You're going to live with her?" One of the candidates gasped. Her face was pale.

"Her husband, his lordship Cain. Can protect me and the princess from Kossuth's flames, there was even a human girl there." Burnhill looked at the other.

[Now that I thought about it, we need someone to stay here.] A voice boomed, and everyone screamed in fear. Kossuth's voice was coming from Burnhill's body.

[I will come with Cain to visit soon. So all the candidates need to stay in shape. Burnhill's mother will keep acting as a pope until we arrive. Tell the same to Sultan's family.]

Burnhill's mother put her head on the ground. "I will make sure to reach your expectation."

[I only expect the best of you. Remember, a god greater than myself is coming to see you. Make sure you will be ready.]