Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Cain smiled, looking at the stones with amazement, "Let's get this to her quickly," He disappeared from the snow and appeared back in Lilia's lab. ALPHA, standing beside him.

"ALPHA and GAIA got the crystals with zero deaths." Cain approached Lilia, who was still operating on her new body.

"Thanks, put it on the desk. I'm almost finished here." Lilia replied as she sewed the wounds on her new body, "I finished changing the bones and rewiring all the nerves using Tarra as an example. I also took the liberty of including some of your blood. I hope you don't mind."

Cain smiled, "I won't mind. It's looking beautiful?"

Lilia giggled, "The look or something else."

"I'm talking about the craft, how you remodeled a whole clone." Cain patted Lilia's head as she finished, "You did a great job. What potential are you expecting from this body?"

"Since my magic is linked directly to my mind, I focused on improving the physical capabilities of this new body." Lilia approached the new body.

"It has tough skin made from lab-grown dragon scales, dense muscles, and bones made from a mixture of Kossuth and Tarra's broken biology, and on top of that, the body is dripping with magic like yours."

Cain looked closer at the body, "I thought you will add a bunch of useless abilities."

Lilia smiled, approaching the body. "You guessed right," She lifted the body's hands. "Look at those slightly long fingers and sharp nails. They will allow me to better work in the lab, and cast more powerful witchcraft." She then went toward the feet, "I decreased their size a bit, but made the toes sharper and increased their vibration sensitivity by adding tiny and almost invisible hairs like those of spiders."

She then rushed toward the face, opening the eyelids, "As you can see, those eyes look normal, but check this!" she poured a bit of magic, and they shifted to be like a frog's eyes.

"My custom Yog's eyes! They can see through invisibility, illusion, darkness, and even different dimensions." Lilia opened the mouth, "As you can see, the teeth are akin to those of dragons, and I also reinforced the throat and rewired all the nerves, so I have multiple connections from the head to the body."

Cain smiled, "And it never occurred to you to make yourself taller?"

"I'm a proud midget!" Lilia cried, glaring at Cain, "Look, I made the breasts a tiny bit bigger, but I removed all the breast tissues from them and exchanged them for mana-storing fibers."

"And you left the nipples?"

"Yeah, for aesthetics. Sorry to disappoint you, but there won't be any milk coming from them."

Cain laughed, "Those are the kind of wacky modifications I expected from the person who taught me flesh witchcraft."

Lilia smiled, and glared at Cain, "The next thing is going to shock you," She poked the body's neck, and they twisted the left arm.

The left army turned and twisted as if it had no bones. "Instead of a halfling skeleton, I made one using your bones and added hundreds of extra joints, muscles, and tendons."

Cain nodded, "So when you punch, your fist can accelerate like a whip."

"Exactly, but that isn't all." Lilia started pulling on the arm, stretching it. "The muscles are flexible and won't tear that easily."

"This way, no one can rip our limbs off," Cain smiled.

"Well, I actually added that so I can take all inside." Lilia flipped the body and smacked its butt, "You don't have to worry about it getting torn apart. You can go at me full size, and as hard as you can, and I will be fine." Lilia smiled.

Cain laughed, "I should have expected that from you. When are you going to switch to this body?"

"Right now, I only need to finish one last step." She touched the body's back, and a light flashed from her fingers.

"What are you doing?" Cain covered his eyes.

"A one-sided slave contract. Since I would be far stronger than you with this body, this contract will give you full control of me." Lilia smiled.

"Why would you need that?" Cain grabbed her shoulder.

"We can work better together if the girls don't see me as a threat. Even I know they are scared of me." Lilia finished drawing the contract on the body's back, and it disappeared.

"This way, I'm now a tool bereft of heart or will. They won't see me as a threat but as a power to rely on." BAM! Lilia's body burned into ash as her soul and mind transferred to the new body.

Lilia sat up with her new body. ^Yes, I saw it.^ She smiled, ^The forbidden knowledge of the world itself. The great death is upon us, and Cain is the only one capable of reviving the dead world. Serving him is like serving the world itself. Like the days of AO.^

ALPHA stared at Lilia, "You really did it," She then looked at Cain, "Now, we have to keep Cain in check for your power as well. Just like us, you became a tool to serve a greater goal."

Lilia smiled, "For the grace for the might of our lord. We shall fight the abominations of the outer world." A divine light started coursing through her body. Pure mana mixed with holy magic as small tentacles seemed to wiggle in her eyes.

Lilia stood naked, looking at her hands and body. Her red hair burned with golden stripes of holy light as she bowed in front of Cain. "It's been a while since I felt this kind of power. Since I was the jester AO created."

She lifted her head and looked at Cain's face.

"All that magic power of yours, and now you became a paladin on top of it." Cain sighed.

"I swear on my own existence to follow my new lord to the end of the world, to be the one carrying his words and will, till the moment I lose my own existence. Death means nothing, and neither is my will. Everything in the name of my lord and his fate."

ZON! Aria appeared beside Cain, glaring at Lilia. "Hoi! What's the meaning of this, you monster!" She growled.

"What is it?" Lilia looked at her with a smile.

"Why did you do it? Do you know what does that mean?" Aria grabbed Lilia by the head, "You almost crashed the system by overpowering it,"

"Sorry, I had to use you to transfer and link my power to Cain and my new body." Lilia giggled.

Aria lifted Lilia up and started shaking her body. "You're the Magic goddess, do you know what happens when you take another god as your god? God isn't supposed to believe in other gods."

"I know, but I don't care what others think." Lilia growled, "Let go of my head."

"Other gods respect Cain, they know him and respect his power. Take Sofia for an example, she will do anything he asks for, but she isn't praying to him as her literal god, she doesn't wake up each day worshipping him." Aria started squeezing Lilia's head.Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

"I have the right to worship whatever I want. Even if it makes other gods think I'm stupid." Lilia tried to push Aria's hands away while grunting with a sad face. Neither of them was using any power.

"Your action has made Cain a god that is worshipped by another god. That mean's he's now a god of the gods. Do you know how much divine power he got?"

"I know, enough to bring you here." Lilia smiled, "The more power he gets the better for the future."

Aria put Lilia down, "For real, you're such a problem. You can't just go around doing things on your own."

Cain patted Lilia's head, "Aria, you can give her some slack."

Lilia giggled, "You're the same person. She's speaking what you think." Lilia approached Cain, "I know it's a pain to deal with, but you have more power, and that's for the better." She then walked toward the crystals that ALPHA brought, "When will GAIA be back?"

"In about an hour."

"That's good. I got everything ready. Cain, do you have the other ingredients?" Lilia looked at him.

"Thanks to Father, Moradin, Corellon, Hades, Bahamut, Jorm, and Kayden we managed to gather everything rather quickly." Cain pulled several boxes from the maze. "This should be everything."

CLAP! CLAP! Lilia clapped her hands and two clones of herself appeared, "You two start preparing the anti-insect drug. I'm going out with my lord." the two clones bowed to Cain, "Please enjoy, we should be done soon."

Cain and Lilia teleported back to the mansion with Aria, and he immediately called his father. ~Father, the feast is almost ready.~

~Sorry, but Moradin invited me, and the others to drink the dwarven god fire wine. Enjoy the feast with the rest,~

~That's a shame. I will prepare a parade and feast for you and Mother when you come.~