Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Lilia walked out with Cain from his room, and they walked downstairs. Lexi was rushing down, bringing chairs. The room has been expanded with Aria's magic to fit all the guests.

"You're hard at work," Cain said with a smile, and Lexi stopped, staring at him with a smile. "Everything is about to be ready."

"Come here. Let me help you." Cain lifted one finger. [Telekinesis]

The chairs started floating with a blue light around them.

Lexi bowed slightly, "Thank you, Master Cain." She smiled and turned to look toward the stairs, "Please follow me. We have to set them in the living room around the large table."

Cain and Lilia followed her downstairs and into the living room. He could see the other maids scrambling around, cleaning and decorating the place.

It wasn't like the living room was dirty. They just left a lot of junk after decorating and had to clean it.

"This is going to be a feast!" Lilia smiled, finding a chair and sitting on it.

"Mistress Lilia. Do you care to move away?" Elise stared at her with a broom. "I'm cleaning here."

"Sorry," Lilia smiled, lifting the chair and moving to the side of the room.

"You can't sit here as well." Ellie smiled.

Lilia smiled, "Well, I have a place that no one will mind me sitting on." She grabbed the chair and started walking toward the wall.

She lifted her foot and stepped on the wall, walking up and to the ceiling.

Thud! She put the chair upside down on the ceiling and sat down.

"You don't mind me here," She looked down, and the maids stared up. "You could do that?" Amaya sighed, "I mean, you're Master's Master. We shouldn't be surprised."

Lilia laughed, "I like sitting and flying upside down. It helps the blood flow to my head."

"Not like you need that." Cain looked at her with an exhausted face. He then turned toward the maids, "Let's keep getting things ready."

"Let us handle the work here. You go check the kitchen." Amaya stared at Cain.

Cain looked at her. He already knew what she was talking about. He could smell it from here, the one and only. He rushed toward the kitchen, opening the door and staring directly at the oven.

"Mabel!"

Mabel looked at Cain, smiling, "It's been a while."

Cain approached her, "It's been more than a while. How are you doing?"

"I'm fine. But what about you?" Mabel, "I heard you became a god, and some angels came to pick me up."

Cain opened his arms, "I kinda off became one." He smiled. I don't look that different."

Mabel looked at him. "No, you're different." She inspected him from head to toe. "Your shoulders are wider, and your legs are thicker."

"Is that so?" Cain looked at his own arms. She was right. They weren't the think mage arms he had before, but large like those of his father, But not to the same degree.

"You also have this strange aura around you. I can tell just by being around you that you are a god." Mabel smiled, patting her chest. "I can feel it here, that I'm standing before a true god."

"Don't treat me as one. I'm still the Cain you know." He then looked at the oven, "So, is the bread ready?"

"Almost. You have to wait a bit." Mabel smiled.

"Cain! Don't cut before me!" Cain heard a familiar voice growl behind him. He looked back, and it was Amaterasu sitting on a chair and waiting.

"You're here for the bread as well?" Cain smiled.

"I came here before you. Get in line." Amaterasu pointed back with her thumb. But she was the only one waiting.Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

"Fine, fine. I'm sure this batch has enough for both of us." Cain approached and sat beside her. She stared at his face, and sighed, staring at Mabel.

"It might not appear on his face. But before you came he was a god. Right, but now he has become a god of the gods. An over deity." Amaterasu smiled, looking at Cain.

"How did you know?" Cain looked at her.

"All the gods knew the moment Lilia accepted you as her god and became a paladin." Amaterasu sighed. "You were still in our league, but now she kicked you into the sky."

"Who is Lilia?" Mabel looked at them with a confused face.

"The new goddess of magic," Amaterasu replied.

"She's on the ceiling of the living room." Cain pointed toward the door, "You can take a look at her."

Mabel walked toward the door and gently pushed it open. She looked at the ceiling and saw Lilia sitting on a chair, dangling her feet and shaking her head, humming.

Mabel instantly noticed Lilia's long ears and assumed she was an elf. But there was a problem. She looked like a mature woman but stood no taller than a child.

"That woman?" She looked back at Cain, "Did you shrink her with magic? I heard elves were tall."

"She's a half-halfling, half-elf." Cain smiled, "They are called halflings since they are half the normal height of an elf or a human."

"But she looks taller than a half-human," Mabel replied.

"She's a half-elf." Cain smiled, "Halflings are usually no taller than 3~4 feet. But thanks to her elvish blood, she is almost 5 feet tall."

Lilia looked toward Mabel with a smile, "It isn't that bad to be short. I love to see Cain taller than me."

"I'm six foot four inches! I doubt there are many people taller than me. Except for my father. He's almost seven feet tall now." Cain shouted from inside the kitchen, "Alice is tall, but she's still shorter than me by a lot." Alice stood at almost six feet.

Amaterasu looked at Cain. He changed a lot since she first saw him and wanted him to save Alice. Just a quick look is enough to tell her everything. He became taller, thicker, and has more magic than ever. The amount of power dripping from his body is unknown to even some gods.

"Does height even matter? It's not like there is a second over deity around." Amaterasu sighed. "You already cleared the world. What do you want more than this?"

Cain turned toward Amaterasu, "Simple, I want to protect it when the outsiders come."

"The outer gods. The ancient being who ruled the world before AO made the laws of nature. The ones that Adam, Lucifer, and Asgorath fought." Lilia called from the living room. "Right now. Me and Cain can fight. Chad should be able to fight as well. But I have my doubt about everyone else."

Cain lifted his head, "Tarra is a primordial monster from ancient Earth. She can fight. Kossuth and Amaterasu as well should be able to hold their own."

"What do you mean by we should?" Amaterasu glared at Cain. "We're strong."

"It's not all about raw strength anymore." Cain looked at Amaterasu. "The outer gods aren't being that you can punch or reach without something unnatural. You two can fight the outsider monsters, but the outer gods are out of the question."

Lilia sighed, "We don't even know if there is a limit to them or not. From what I know from the gate, they keep spawning as long as they are a thing." She looked toward Amaterasu who sat in the kitchen. "The cosmos is expanding rapidly, and they keep spawning as long as there is a space for expansion."

"How are we supposed to fight them?" Amaterasu sighed.

"We have to fight the war until we could get Cain strong enough to reach AO's level. And then have him protect the world." Lilia replied, and Amaterasu stood.

"Are you insane? How do you expect someone to reach AO?" She growled.

"Right, now Cain is the one closest to AO's power. He's our only hope to scare the outsiders away." Lilia looked toward Cain. "Just by existing, AO fended the outsiders away from the world."

Cain scratched his head, "Well, that's the plan." He looked toward Amaterasu, "This world we just built is for housing people fleeing from the approaching apocalyptic war."

"You can't be serious." Amaterasu sighed, "This world won't exist without the mortal world. Are you saying you can rebuild the mortal world after the war?"

"If I became close to AO's level, I should be able to build it the same way Lilia built a small one." Cain smiled.

"You will die! The mortal world is millions of times bigger than what she did. Even Ao had to build it slowly and have the progenitors clear the outsiders first,"

Cain laughed, "That's the worst-case scenario. Let's hope I won't need to recreate the entire world."

Lilia looked toward Cain, "Don't worry, we won't let it reach that point." She looked toward Amaterasu, "You're going to help, right?"

"Of course," Amaterasu looked at her. "You were right last time." She sighed.

Mabel looked at them with a smile.

"The bread is ready."