Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

The maids set the table and lined the food up as Cain and Amaterasu remained in the kitchen, munching on the loaves of bread.

"I never knew someone in the mortal world could make something like this. I should have pulled Mabel to my realm before." Amaterasu shoved the bread down her mouth.

"You don't know anything," Cain smiled and walked toward the basket where the maids kept the vegetables. He coursed through the stash and pulled some green leek. "Look at this,"

Cain headed toward the table, cut the leek, salted it, and put it in the bread.

"Want to have a bite?" He asked with a smile. He extended his loaf toward her.

Amaterasu hesitated for a moment before taking a bite. Her eye sparkled as she felt the crunch. "Give me one of those!" She snatched one of the leeks.

Cain looked at her with a grin, "You just wait to see what can be made out of this." He finished his loaf in a single gulp and took a second one from the basket.

He then went toward a large wooden door and opened it. A gust of freezing cold wind rushed out as he smiled, "This is the frozen room Bela was maintaining to store meat and other foods." He walked inside and picked up a small box and took it out.

"What is that?" Amaterasu asked, and Cain opened it to show her what was inside.

"A fresh frozen cow milk butter." He smiled, "And butter makes everything better." He lifted his palm and pulled out a butter knife.

"Fresh frozen? What is that supposed to mean?" Amaterasu giggled.

"It means it was made fresh, and immediately frozen to be preserved." Cain looked at her as he started scrapping the butter. "I'm not going to milk a cow here and make butter."

Amaterasu stood and approached Cain looking at the butter. "So this is supposed to make the bread even better?"

"You better use it while the bread is still hot." Cain opened his loaf and put a generous amount of butter inside. He then allowed Amaterasu to have a taste.

"What is this?" She gasped, glaring at the bread.

"If we only had some cheese. Wait, we do!" Cain rushed inside the frozen room and brought some.

"Butter and cheese. Cows made two of the best foods in the world, and Mabel made the bread to go with them." Cain smiled as he took a second loaf and filled it with cheese. He then threw it back in the oven and let it melt.

Cain then put the two loaves of bread in front of him and started eating. "Those two are godly."

Amaterasu did the same and joined him. "I honestly thought you would like different types of food."

"I like it simple. Amazing bread with butter or cheese. Grilled meat with salt and pepper. Or some salted peas with beer." Cain and Amaterasu kept eating until Diana walked back into the kitchen, "The feast is almost ready. Please come to the living room."

She looked inside, seeing Cain and Amaterasu munching on the bread like rabbits. "Master Cain, the feast is almost ready." She stared at him.

Cain lifted a carrot and started munching on it while looking Diana in the eyes. He could hear her thinking they looked like rabbits and wanted to play that role a bit.

"What are you doing?"

"Nothing," Cain replied, giving a carrot to Amaterasu and she started munching as well.

Diana walked forward, "As I said, the feast is..." BAM! She tripped on her foot and fell on her face. Her skirt bent to her neck leaving her pink panties exposed.

"I feel like I saw this before," Cain looked closer at her. "Guhh!" Diana grunted.

Amaterasu stood and looked at her and then touched her butt. "It's bigger than mine."

"I can't disagree. I give her an eight out of ten." Cain nodded.

"I would say she's a nine. I'm a six. Just a bit bigger than average." Amaterasu smiled.

Cain scratched his chin. "I would say Nemmoxon is ten while Kossuth is nine and a half. Lilia is the smallest with a three and a half."𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"I would say she's a seven for a halfling," Amaterasu replied.

"I gave her half that mark," Cain replied.

"Do you like a large one or a small one?" Amaterasu asked.

"It's not about having a large butt. It's about having a wide or flexible hipbone." Cain replied.

"Hoi!" Diana growled with her face still stuck to the ground. "Can you stop rating out butts and head to the living room?"

Cain laughed, "You're right,"

"But...thanks." She stood with a red face. "I thought you would call me fat."

"Fat? You aren't, you're thick." Cain smiled patting her shoulder. [Heal] Just for good measures.

Cain and Amaterasu headed toward the living room where the space have expanded to a mind-boggling degree.

"Cain! The maids are abusing me!" Lilia cried, lifting her staff and casting her magic to expand the room.

Cain looked at her with a smile, "But this isn't much for you. You could have done it while asleep." He looked around the room to see the maids running from one side to the other.

Cain walked toward the largest chair that was designed for him and sat down. Looking at the long table filled with food. This feast could easily fit over fifty people.

He closed his eyes and sent some arcane eyes to survey the new domain. What he saw was stunning.

The deserted land has turned into green hills with fresh water and warm sunlight in a matter of hours. This is what is possible with several gods hard at work.

He could sense it, the domain's magic belonged to him, so he was its god. This is heaven and divine domain. People who die believing in him could end up here and he can also pull people in.

"Hey, say." Cain looked at the maids, "There is something I would like to tell you about."

"What is it?" Klara looked at him with a smile.

"This is my heaven as a god. I don't have control over this, but if someone believes in me as a god they can end up here after death." He scratched his cheek. "I already made sure you end up here if anything bad happened. But please tell your families about it, I just need them to pray once so I can pull them in later."

Lexi approached Cain, "Well of course." She smiled, "Who wouldn't pray to the overgod?"

"I mean, some believe in other gods." He looked at Jemima.

Jemima pouted, "I'm sure she won't mind, if fact she encouraged me to pray to you instead."

Cain smiled, "I'm happy to hear that." He looked at them. "You won't die here as long as I'm still alive, so it's a safe place."

Katherine looked at Cain, "Why do you have to worry about that? Is there still a threat out there?"

"There are a lot of threats remaining." Cain looked at her. "The ancient hero, Silver. The devil lord Asmodeus, and the outer gods and abyssal demon lords." Cain stood, "Those are major powers, but you should be safe as long as you're here. I will set it so you can come in and out of my heaven freely."

Amaterasu looked at Cain. "I suggest you make some angels and assign them to protect the maids and anyone you care about." She smiled, "They might not be able to defeat a god, but they will buy you enough time to arrive."

Cain nodded, "You're right, I will create some after the feast." He sat back on his chair and started thinking, "What kind of powers should I give the angels? I don't want to give them just raw power."

Lilia laughed, "You don't need to think about that, just give them what you have." Her voice suddenly duplicated, and when Amaterasu looked at her she froze.

About a dozen Lilia stood there, all laughing. Amaterasu gasped with a pale face, "What is this?"

"My clones, I gave tens of thousands of them." Lilia smiled walking forward, "I asked Aria to help me control them simultaneously, and I seem to be able to move thirteen at the same time."

"How could it be?" Amaterasu stepped back, "Just one of you is enough of a problem."

"Hoi!" Lilia giggled, "I don't appreciate being called a problem, even if I'm one." A total of fourteen Lilia approached Cain (Thirteen clones+the real one.)

"I would love to see an army of Cain." Lilia smiled.

"I won't do that. I need my power focused in one place." Cain replied.

"Said the man being sucked 24/7 by a whole nation of succubus and losing lifeforce and mana?" Lilia looked at him.

"That's only about 5% of my power," Cain looked away.

"Five percent of your total power?" Lilia stared at him.

"No," Cain looked away, "It's from my tentacle network. That only has about 20% of my total power so I say the succubus kingdom is eating like 1%"