Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Cain smiled looking at the vast table of exquisite food. His eyes only stopped at the bread.

"Master, everything is ready," Klara announced putting in the last jug of ice-cold water.Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Cain lifted his hands and sent waves of magic across his realm. He could sense every being walking on his domain.

In the blink of an eye, a message reached everyone's ears.

[The time has come. Come to the mansion]

Sofia blinked twice, "You sound weird."

[I don't sound weird]

"Fine, I will be there soon." Sofia replied with a smile, "But you have to wait a bit." She jumped into the sky, transforming into her draconic form and spreading her wings.

The demons walking around the plane carrying massive stones shuddered at the sight of the queen taking flight.

The raw power and might of the undisputed ruler of the first layer of hell. They could sense the destructive violence oozing from her just by the rumbling of the air.

They stood before her like chickens watching an aircraft taking flight.

Alice heard Cain's call and smiled, "I will be there, tell Klara to get me something cold."

The devil working around her froze in fear hearing her speak out of nowhere. Fierna approached her with a fearful step.

"Mistress Alice, is it lord Cain?"

"He asks me to present at the mansion, get your things ready, you're coming as well."

All the devils gasped, unable to believe their ears.

"It's been eons since we devils were allowed to step in a God's domain. I can be so disrespectful and walk into his house." Fierna took a step back glaring at Alice.

"I said you can, so go get ready."

Fierna nodded, "I will make sure to get in shape." She turned around, running toward her tent to get ready. The other devils started whispering to each other.

For over a thousand years, they never got the pleasure of drinking water, of spending a second without the searing pain of the hell flames.

The devils looked at the ground, spotting a puddle of muddy water. To them, even that was priceless in hell.

The devils stared at each other and then at Fierna's tent. "We have to make this work." One of the devils said and rushed toward Alice, bowing down.

"You lordship, queen of hell."

"That's Sofia, not me."

"Can we get an hour of rest? No, half an hour is enough." He devil begged.

"Why is that?" Alice asked with a smile on her face, she looked around, and all devils awaited her answer.

"We want time to help Lady Fierna prepare." The devil begged.

"We beg of you, grant us but half an hour!"

Alice smiled, "Can want us at his mansion quickly. I will grant you as much time as we have. Get her ready."

"Thank you very much!" The devils rushed back, "Hurry! All of you get anything of value you have! Those who have contact with the mortal world. Do anything to get something useful."

In the mortal world, a newfound cult finally managed to summon a devil. "Oh! Great devil, manifest their power!"

From the darkness, a pit fiend emerged, and the cultists smiled. "I want souls," The devil growled.

The head of the cult looked back, "Bring the sacrifices. Behead them in front of the devil!" He shouted as the pit fiend growled.

Suddenly, a voice rang in the pit fiend's head.

"Wait a moment." the fiend lifted his hand, stopping the cultists. "Give me a second."

"What is it, sister? I'm in the middle of a contract!" The fiend growled. He then gasped. "What? Are you sure?"

"Yeah, I will get those instead. Right now, it doesn't matter how, right?" He scratched his head, "I will call you in a minute."

The devil turned back toward the cultists. "Forget the souls. I changed my mind. I want something else."

The cultists gasped, unable to comprehend what in the devil's name this devil wanted.

"Panties. Something that a young powerful, and rich young man will find attractive. I don't care if they were or are being used. Just give them to me in under a minute." The devil growled, and the cultist stared at him, baffled.

"Hurry!" The devil shouted, and they rushed out.

One of the cultists, a woman approached the devil. "I was supposed to entertain the village head tonight, and I'm wearing something fancy. Would that do it?"

The devil stared at her, "I don't care, take them off right now. And the rest of you better keep looking."

The woman took her panties and bra off and handed them to the devil. Poff! They disappeared in a puff of smoke.

"Sister, those were being worn. Clean them off before." The devil growled.

"I'm working on it. The fate of the nine hells rests upon this." The sister replied.

All around the world, devils who usually only asked for souls or sinners have changed their standards. Their needs became strange.

A kid summoned a devil to kill someone and offered his life? The devil wanted some perfume instead.

An adventuring party about to die fighting a powerful devil? The devil stopped and asked their bard to teach him how a woman can sweet-talk a man into something.

In the nine hells.

"Lord Spindle! Lord Spindle!" A devil approached the castle in the first layer of hell. He knocked on the door and shouted again. "We ask for help!"

The door opened up, and a massive devil walked out. "What do you need? I'm resting." Spindle replied and looked back, seeing Malta staring at him from the other room.

The devil explained to spindle their problem, and spindle smiled. "I can help you. The spindle can call Cain himself." Spindle smiled, his large frame towering over the devil.

The devil started shaking, "Calling the over god? Won't that be disrespectful?"

"It won't. Spindle knows Cain better than you." Spindle smiled.

~Master Cain~

~What is it spindle? It's been a while since I heard of you.~ Cain replied immediately.

~I've grown into a pit fiend while training here. Thanks to you, I'm living in Malta.~

~That's good to hear. So what did you need?~

~Mistress Alice invited Fierna to your feast. The devils of the nine hells have created a united movement to make sure Fierna pleases you so they can keep having access to your domain.~

~I see, and they asked you for help.~

~Yeah, can you do something about it? Give them permanent access to your heaven or something.~

~I never intended to kick them out. With or without Fierna.~

~I doubt they will believe that. Can you take Fierna anyway?~

~That doesn't depend on me. If the other girls accepted her, then I will. By your words, Alice at least seems okay with it.~

~I understand. I will explain it to them.~

~See you later.~ Cain closed the call, and Spindle stared at the devil ahead of him.

"I spoke to Cain himself." Spindle said, puffing his chest. "He personally doesn't have a problem with her. But she must get the other girls' approval first."

"What? He approved." The devil smiled.

"Don't celebrate too early. If one of his maids disliked Fierna, it's over." Spindle glared at the devil, "She mustn't as much dare to look at Cain weird without all the girls' approval."

"I will tell her to keep that in mind." The devil bowed and was about to leave.

"It isn't about keeping it in her mind. She must act with it. She must obey no matter what the other girls asked for. The moment they see her as a problem, it's over. Of course, unless Cain asked her to do something." Spindle turned around. "She must be careful, and refer to Alice if she needed help since she brought her."

The devil got the information to the team at Cain's heaven.

Alice sat on a chair in the grass field, watching the devils bring mountains over mountains of clothes, gems, jewelry, perfumes, and accessories for Fierna.

****

Selena stood in the forest looking at the sky when she got Cain's call. "Cain! I'm bringing a girl with me-nya!" She said with a smile on her face.

~A girl? Who are you talking about~

"Rahana Neomira, my old friend-nya. The cat girl you killed in the cave and rescued from hell-nya." Selena replied.

"Selena-nya! Wha-danya saying-nya!" She bit Selena's tail, causing her to gasp.

"Don't bite my tail-nya!" Selena looked back at her.

~She doesn't seem to like the idea~

"She likes it. I'm telling you-nya!" Selena smiled, ignoring Rahana biting her tail.

~Fine, bring her with you~

Selena turned toward Rahana, "He said yes-nya. Are you ready-nya?"

"No-nya! Nya-way!" Rahana growled, staring at Selena with a red face and a spiked tail.

Selena sighed, "Fine. I will tell him you're not coming-nya."

Thud! Rahana grabbed Selena's hand, "No, I will go-nya."

"See-nya? I'm telling you you're coming-nya." Selena smiled, patting her head.

"Don't worry about other girls-nya. As long as I'm the one who brought you-nya." Selena smiled.

"That nyat the problem-nya! He's a god-nya, overnya!" Rahana growled, anxiety killing her.