Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

CLICK! The door opened, and the girls walked inside the living room. Their eyes opened wide, seeing the room being several times larger than they remembers.

Lilia laughed at the ceiling, "You seem to like my creation!"

The wooden brown walls of the mansion have turned into pure quartz walls with orbs of magical light.

The furniture seemed to have changed a bit, having metal and glass mixed into the wooden tables in a spiraling pattern across each piece.

CRACK! When Alice stepped on the ground, she noticed the light reflecting up, so she looked down. They were walking on a thin sheet of glass over the sparkling blue water.

Cain looked at them, smiling from his obsidian throne at the end of the feast table. "Welcome to my realm. Do you like it?"

Sofia sighed, staring at Cain, "Lilia made it, not you." She approached him, and he smiled, "You're right, but she's working for me now...so..."

"I know, it's your realm, but she designed it." They looked around the feast table and noticed that all the chairs looked the same.

"Lilia, where are you going to sit?" Gracie looked at Lilia. "We can't have you sit on the ceiling like that." She was the head maid, after all.

Lilia smiled, "I have a special chair for me." She looked at Cain, falling on his lap. "I'm sitting here."

Thud! Cain grabbed Lilia by the head and lifted her up, "Just get a chair. You can sit on my lap afterward."

"Hehe!" Lilia looked at Cain, "I can help chew your food."

"No thanks!" Cain threw her across the room, and she floated back to the table side. "You're not fun," Click! With a single-finger flick, she created a chair for herself.

The girls

Sofia(Chromatic dragons' goddess)

Selena(World eater Maharaja), Alice(Fallen Archon)

Gracie(The mother of all life)

Marina(High Priestess of Cthulhu)

Mary(Daughter of the metallic dragon god), Hati/Skool(Highqueens of the beastland)

Sylph(High queen of the elves, and the herald of the world tree)

Zaleria(The inferno witch)

Morena(The creeping doom)

Isbert(The ice princess)

Bela(Undead lich of the silent snow)

Jela(Frigid Ice devil)

Nemmoxon(Guardian of the West Coast)

Blagden(Unseen Shadow devil)

Farryn(High paladin of Corellon)

Ishtar(Queen of the fairies Titania)

Alva(Archmage of the fey)

Mei(Pixie's queen of Cain's fairyland)

Lola(Queen of the Dragons)

Sara(The first princess of the humans)

Noel(The knight princess of the humans)

Garanora(The ten-foot-tall spear Hero of the moon Oni)

Rahana(Selena's old friend)

and Fierna(Ruler of Phlegethos)

Inanna(Spirit of Phlegethos)

Baalzebul(Slug queen and former ruler of Maladomini)

Alora(Former Queen of the succubus)

Melissa(Right foot of Gracie)

Meliliana(Left foot of Gracie)

Kai(Right hand of Gracie)

Amanda (Left hand of Gracie)

a chained Mystra(Former Goddess of magic)

Serin(Archon of Chauntea), Shamis(Archon of Amaterasu)

Shub (The pale night and Mother of all demons)

Cecelia (Shub's daughter, and the demons fire spear)

Brunhill (High priestess of Kossuth)

Hono (Princess of the Efreetis)

Lilia (Magic Goddess)

Aria (Cain's Archon)

Elistraee (Sword Goddess)

Kossuth (Fire Goddess)

Umberlee (Sea Goddess)

Selune (Moon Goddess)

Amaterasu (Sun Goddess)

Shar (Darkness Goddess)

Akame (Undead Goddess)

Lovitar (Pain Goddess)

Chauntea (Controlled nature)

Lolth (Spider Goddess who just left her training to attend)

Tarra (The 3000-foot tall lizard from ancient Earth. Sleeping on the couch)

And not only them, Cain ordered the maids to sit on the table as well, they weren't left out.

Ellie, Amara, Klara, Everly, Elise, Lexi, Jemima, Diana, Katherine, Amaya, Scarlett, Lucy, Lia, and Olivia.

Angels of all the goddesses lined the walls, sitting there and waiting to be called to serve while everyone sat around the large table to eat.

"Cain," Mabel approached Cain. "How do you like the food?"

"We haven't started eating yet, sit." Cain looked at her with a smile pointing at an empty seat.

"This is your heaven, isn't it?" Mabel looked at Cain with a smile, "Can I go around and take a look? I might want to settle here soon."

Cain smiled, "Two two there," He pointed at two angels. "Take Mabel on a tour across the realm and do her bidding."

The two angels bowed, carrying Mabel and flying out to explore heaven with her.

Cain looked at the table, "Please start eating," He lifted a goblet of wine.

"It's bad to drink on an empty stomach," Amaterasu stared at him.

Cain looked back at her, "We ate enough beforehand."

"What about them? You want a cheer?" Amaterasu replied.

"They are strong enough to handle some wine." Cain looked at her, puzzled.Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Lilia laughed, "No one here will get hurt by that," She lifted her mug, Cheer!

It was clear from the mugs, Lilia was the shortest, and Garanora was the tallest.

Even though the food was cooked in the same place, it has some strange additions to it. Raw meat for Selena, Acid and living soul worms for Sofia, Whole roasted Gorgans for each dragon with storage bead inside filled with monster carcasses. Each of the girls had what she liked to eat, except Gracie and the succubi.

Gracie looked at Cain, drolling, "I want some too,"

"Not here!" Cain sighed, "After the feast." He knew what she was talking about, and considering she was training Lolth all this time, she must be starving.

"Lolth, how is your training going?" Cain looked at her with a smile.

Lolth bowed, "Yes, my potential has been growing slightly with each rebirth, albeit it's been agonizing." She nodded.

"You're getting back there after this feast. Do you still want to do it?" Cain asked with a smile.

"I don't want to do it. I rather not feel that pain again, But it's something I must do. So I don't mind going back in there." Lolth smiled.

Cain then looked at Sofia and Lola, "How are the dragons doing?"

Lola scratched her cheek, "They are living well, but are troublesome, to be honest." She looked at Sofia, "Chromatic aren't that religious, and those who pray to me are rare. To be honest, they are too strong and cause a lot of trouble in the world."

"What do you think is the reason?" Cain looked at them, and the one to speak was none other than Kossuth. "Chromatic dragons usually shift to humans and plot against them. Especially the young, you can't such powerful creatures infiltrating communities and dominating from below."

Cain looked at Sofia, "Can you make it harder for them to do that?"

"I can take away their ability to camouflage. But I have to do it slowly so they won't notice. I would say it can take over a thousand years to set."

Cain smiled, "Do it, but let those who worship you have all their powers."

Lola smiled, "So they have to pray to Sofia to have their full power. A good way to keep them in check."

Zaleria looked at Sofia, "Am I losing my camouflage powers?"

"No, I will not take it out of those who I know, or even this generation that already have it. I will just make it harder to learn."

"You chromatic are really having it hard," Mary smiled, "We metallic will dominate."

Nemmoxon looked at Mary, "I doubt it will be that steep of a power gape."

"A win is a win," Mary smiled.

Sylph looked at Sofia and Lola, "At least, I'm relieved you two are taking control. The last years have been painful with all the dragon attacks."

Lola sighed, "Yeah, stupid father wanted to overthrow the gods. As if a mortal could do that."

"There is one right here," Cain waved his hand, pointing at himself.

"You don't look like a mortal." Lola stared at him.

"I was until recently." Cain clenched his fist, "Right now, I'm an overgod."

Lilia gulped her mug down, "Speaking of that! I'm starting to worship Cain, any of you care to join me?" She looked around the table, glaring at the goddesses.

Sofia scratched her chin, "I was never religious, but will be happy to join you."

"Me too! Me too!" Gracie glared at Cain with a hungry smile.

"I see," Lolth looked at Cain, "I don't mind doing it, as long as I'm getting power from you." She smiled.

"I'm already dancing for you." Elistraee smiled, "I don't mind praying to you instead of myself as I used to be." She giggled.

Elistraee used to pray to Elistraee before she knew they were the same person.

"As long as you lick my toes every now and then," Amaterasu looked at Cain, "I can't be the only one offering something."

Cain smiled, "I can do that if you asked." He didn't mind as long as the girls were obedient.

"I don't mind doing it," Kossuth smiled, "But you need to promise me to grow stronger."

"I'm already stronger than when we fought," Cain replied.

"Of course, I will," Selun replied immediately.

Chauntea smiled, "I was awaiting it! My god Cain." She giggled.

"I would," Shar and Lovitar replied with sweating faces and shaking bodies. They were terrified of what would happen if they said no. Gracie and Aria had abused them hard enough to set them in place after what they did.

All the goddesses have agreed on Cain becoming the god of the gods.