Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

﻿Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Cain looked at the girls with a smile as the ghosts came to lift the empty plates. The feast was over, but that only signaled the start of the most crucial part. Not for him, but for the girls.

What could happen when all the girls were cramped into a single place, even he didn't know. They could start arguing and then fight. Or they could stare at each other in awkward silence.

When the table became empty, the ghosts rolled in with tea and sweets, slowly putting them in front of the girls. They stared at each other in silence for a solid minute, barely sipping on their tea.

Cain started sweating, ~Hoi! Baltos, this is me, Cain.~

~Wait, who?~

~Cain Lisworth, I need your help with something.~

~You're a god now. Why ask me for help?~

~I have all the girls sitting in the same room drinking tea. The air is slowly getting awkward. You don't want over twenty goddesses fighting, right?~

~Yeah, I was in that place as well. It didn't take them long to start throwing hands. You can solve the problem by taking the lead.~

~Should I just say something?~

~If any of them felt humiliated, or that she was lesser than the other girls then she will start throwing punches. Make sure they are all equal by being the one above them.~

~I see. Thank you.~ Cain cut the line.

"Ahem! Thank you all for coming here." Cain looked at the girls, "Is there anything on your minds?"

Gracie lifted her hand.

"What is it?" Cain said with a smile, but soon his brain guessed what she was about to say about her saying it. He regretted letting her speak.

"I'm hungry. Can I start sucking you now?" Gracie looked at him as silence fell.

"Does this look like the appropriate time?" Cain looked at her, genuinely confused.

"No," Gracie replied with an empty face.

"Then why did you ask?" Cain looked at her, more confused than ever.

"I wanted to prolong the conversation, set a tone. And I'm really hungry, so it would really help if I could eat." Gracie replied, and Cain scratched his head.

"You really know how to make sense." Cain looked at her.

"Thank you, but this would mark the end of our conversation. And that awkward silence would come again," She looked at the girls, "Does any of you have something to talk about? If not, can I just start eating?" She pointed back at Cain.

The girls looked at each other. Sofia stood, "Does any of you have any objections to Gracie? Speak up now if you want." She looked around, "Hati?"

"Let her do what she wants." Hati gasped.

Sofia then glared down, "Fierna, you're new here. How do you feel about that?" Fierna looked around, sweating, "My mind is with Lady Hati. Let Lady Gracie do what she wants."

All the girls ended up agreeing, and Gracie smiled, sliding beneath the table where she crawled all the way to Cain and pulled his flesh out.

Cain sighed, feeling Gracie sucking him beneath the tables as all the girls started at each other. "So, who has anything else in mind?"

Cain looked around, and his eyes landed on Elistraee as Baltos's words rang in his head. He stared at her, "Elistraee, do you mind dancing for us a bit?"

Elistraee smiled, "Of course," She stood and climbed onto the table. She slowly started peeling her clothes off.

"You don't have to strip," Cain looked at her.

"They hinder my movements. I prefer to dance naked," Elistraee smiled, stretching her arms and then lifting her right leg all the way to her head, cracking her hip.

Amaterasu smiled, "Let me help you a bit," She looked toward her angels, "What should they play?"

"Silver lyre under the moonlight," Elistraee replied as she took a deep breath, puffing her chest.

Amaterasu looked at her angels, and one of them walked forward with a lyre. She bowed down and then started playing.

Sylph looked at Cain, "We should integrate the dark and wood elves into the great elvish empire."

Cain looked at her, "Of course, but they need to agree." He replied with a smile, looking at Elistraee. "We have already discussed that," Elistraee said as she danced.

Sylph looked at Cain, "We only need the wood elves' agreement."

Cain nodded and then looked at Chauntea. "Their current leader is Mira, and she believes in you. Can't you do anything?"

Chauntea smiled, "Of course, I will make sure she agrees."

Cain then looked toward the end of the table, "With the elves making a single large kingdom, what will happen to the dragons?" His eyes land on Mary and Lola.

Mary smiled, "The metallic dragon is already well united under my father. I think it's the chromatic dragons who need to rethink their way." She glared at Lola with a smug smile, giggling.

"I'm trying to be the best queen. I did beat a lot of them." Lola sighed, "They just don't have the will to believe in Tiamat."

Sofia stared at her with a dubious face, "Even you aren't praying to me."

Lola stared back at Sofia, "Why should I pray to you?"

Mary started laughing, "Did you hear that Cain? They all think the same."

Cain sighed, "It looks like chromatic dragons just aren't that religious." He looked at Lola, "Do you have anything to say?"

"Not at All," Lola smiled, "The older dragons are slowly starting to believe in Tiamat, so I suspect it will take a long time."

"You will make a better example for them if you started praying to Sofia. So start doing it if you can." Cain looked at Lola, and she nodded. "I will do my best."

Cain relaxed his back on the throne and looked forward, "Who's next, Sara? Did you get anything new?"

"Yes," Sara smiled, "Thanks to Lilia's help I managed to get in contact with different kingdoms from the east to the west."

"And the results are promising?" Cain smiled.

"The eastern kingdom agreed to build you a shrine, and they decided to offer you a rare-born triplet sister as your Miko. The daughter of one of their nobles." Sara smiled, "The same with the desert kingdom as they decided to offer their supply of refined glass, gold, and a bunch of slaves, but I rejected that."

"I was more interested to know if there are some dungeons buried under the sand." Cain sighed, "What about the rest?"

"The snow kingdom beyond the great ice wall has already started worshipping you. Their queen has shown interest in you. And suggested that she could show in your presence." Sara looked at Cain with a worried face.

"It's quite courageous of her to ask such a thing," Cain smiled.

"I warned her that she could end up with something up her ass. And that seemed to be her goal." Sara sighed.

Sylph looked at Cain, "Another Lolth-like problem. She just wants a divine child."

"You're right," He sighed, "I will meet her later anyway."

Lilia laughed, flying to sit on Cain's lap, "That's good, good," she looked at his face, "The ani-bug drug is ready for use." She looked down at Gracie sucking Cain.

"But I guess you can't go right away," She smiled.

"I would want to end everything quickly, but I don't think I can leave, can I." Cain sighed.

"No, you can't," Lilia giggled, gabbing his meat between her feet, and started rubbing it, pushing on Gracie's face.

Lilia looked around the table, "You know me well. So speak, this is your only chance." She lifted her palm, "Who wants to get railed till she starts crying? Lift your hands."

"Hey, Lilia don't ask them like that," Cain growled at her.

"I will ask them. They are all waiting for it." Lilia smiled, "You can't gather them all here without giving them something."

All the girls lifted their hands except Alva and Ishtar quickly lifted her hand up for her. "You're in as well."

Cain sighed, "Fine, you asked for it." He pulled his throne back, "Do whatever you want,"

Sofia stood and took he clothes off, approaching Cain with careful steps before kneeling before him. She opened her mouth and started licking his jewelry. Gracie on the other hand started sucking on Cain's flesh as well as Lilia's toes that she found there.

The other girls surrounded Cain, all wanting to take a piece of him. He looked around, and their eyes were scary.

Marina didn't waste any time, and she kneeled and started kissing his feet, sucking on his toes. Soon, Sylph joined her with Farryn.

Alice approached Cain and looked at Lilia, "Please lift him up,"

Lilia flicked her fingers and Cain levitated a bit. Alice put her head on the throne, and Lilia lowered Cain over her. She shoved her tongue in his back end and started licking, she much rathered to play with him instead of another girl.