Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

﻿Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

As Cain felt his body floating and Alice's tongue digging into his back end, he saw Amaterasu floating above his head with Selune. The two girls hugged each other tightly and slowly sat on his face.

"Come on, Cain, lick it," Amaterasu giggled, looking down as Selune hugged her.

Selena watched from the side as Rahana hid behind her, "They are all piling on him-nya," Rahana cried.

"Don't worry-nya," Selena looked at her, "Let them clear first, and then we two can have him for ourselves-nya." She smiled, looking at Rahana's worried face.

"Won't he be exhausted-nya?" Rahana looked at Selena and then at Cain, seeing all the girls rushing toward him. And she knew that Gracie was a succubus, so having her sucking him would drain his stamina.

"Cain has enough stamina to handle us-nya," Selena smiled, "You don't have to worry about that-nya," She walked back toward the couch and sat on it, watching with Rahana at her side.

"Lady Selena," Katherine approached her, "Shall I help you prepare?" She said with a gentle bow, sneaking gazes toward Rahana.

Selena smiled, "Of course-nya, look at his size. He could rip me apart if I don't get ready properly-nya," She smiled and started taking her clothes off.

Katherin nodded and sat at Selena's right, where Rahana was at her left. She looked at her and lifted her palm. "I will start. Please remain relaxed. I don't want my fingers cut off." Katherin slowly slid her hand beneath Selena from the back and to her back hole, pushing two fingers inside.

"Is it okay?" Katherine looked at Selena, who didn't even flinch.

"Yeah, It's not like I can feel anything with such low force and size-nya. Focus on stretching it-nya." Selena closed her eyes and relaxed on the couch.

Rahana kept glancing at her, and then following Katherin's hand down there. After a few moments, she decided to give it a try and lowered her hand to push two fingers into Selena as well.

"Nya!" Selena gasped, looking at Rahana, "You want a part as well-nya?" She smiled, and then looked at Cain, "I guess you can't wait with them going at it-nya."

Selena lifted her hands. She gently lifted Rahana's dress from the back and slid her palm into her panties, pushing a finger into her back end.

"Munya!" Rahana gasped. Her tail spiked as her ears wiggled. She gazed at Selena with a red face, "Nana-nya doing-nya!"

Selena pushed her finger deeper with a smug smile, and Rahana's torso bent forward. She glared at Selena with one eye, gasping for air...

"Lady Selena," Katherine rubbed her off-hand on Selena's thigh, "Me too,"

Selena extended her other hand and lifted Katherin's maid skirt, slid her hand below her panties, and pushed a finger into her back end.

Katherine gasped, glaring at the ceiling with a red face and droll trailing down her cheek. Her hips shivered, feeling Selena's longer fingers messing with her inside.

"Haha," Aria laughed, sitting on Mystra's back and smacking her butt till it became tender, "Say, do you like it?" Aria glared down.

"Yes," Mystra growled. She couldn't answer any other way. But she would have preferred to lick instead of acting like a chair, as in that way she would get more magic from her.

Aria smiled, looking at Chauntea's face between her legs, "Do you lick licking me?"

"I still prefer Cain," Chauntea replied with a red face, and Aria pushed her face deeper, "Of course you prefer Cain," She gasped with a smile, extending her toes for Serin and Shamis to suck on.

"Come on! I'm a part of Cain. Entertain me as well," Aria smiled, looking across the room and spotting Shub and Cecelia drinking their tea on the table.

"Hoi! Mother of demons and her fiery daughter, care to play a bit with me?" Aria called them, and they slowly looked at her.

Shub smiled, "I came here for Cain, not you. What would playing with you get me?" She could see the girls already licking Aria, and she had no place around her.

"I know that as the mother of demons, you would be interested in Cain. You even brought Cecelia with you." Aria smiled waving her hand to Cecelia, "It's been a while, fire spear,"

Cecelia sighed, "We would just wait for Cain to finish and Have our turns,"

Aria smiled, "Do you think that merely waiting will get you with Cain?" Aria smiled, "It's true that you aren't leaving before getting in bed with him, but you aren't getting in bed with him unless I approve of you."

Aria smiled, lifting her hand and waving to Cain, "Should we start?"

Cain pushed Amaterasu and Selune's butts from his face and looked forward, "Yes, the first girl will be..." His eyes wandered across the room. "Elistraee, get her ready," Cain replied and lowered Amaterasu and Selune's butts on his face again.

Aria looked at Elistaree, "You heard him, come here,"

Elistraee stopped dancing and jumped from the table, approaching Aria with steady steps. Aria pulled her feet from Serin's mouth and lifted it, "Lick it."

Elistraee got on her knees and started sucking on Aria's toes, slowly going up her calves and thighs. Soon, she pushed Chauntea away and started licking Aria.

"AH! AH!" Aria gasped, her hips shaking from Elistraee's intricate movements. She soon grabbed her by the hair, pushing her head in as a clear liquid rushed out.

Elistraee opened her mouth and drank every last drip, licking Aria even after that. "AH! You're really good, you can stop now and head to Cain." Aria pointed toward Cain, and he stood, pushing the girls surrounding him away.

Elistraee and Cain approached each other. The dark elf goddess opened her arms, hugging his waist and feeling his flesh poking at her belly. His large hands gripped her from the back, lifting her up to look him in the eyes.

Elistraee closed her eyes as he kissed her. All the girls watched, and the one who found it the hardest was Gracie. She really wanted to have him inside herself first.

She slowly lifted her legs up, wrapping them around Cain's waist, and writhed her hips on him. "AH! Come on, please, put it inside," It's been a while since she did it with Cain, and her insides were itching for some action.

Dancing naked in front of him only served to agitate her more, and now she couldn't wait.

"GAH!" Elistraee gasped, and her toes curled as she bit her lips, feeling Cain's wide flesh pushing into her. Getting the head inside was painful, and now she feels like her hole is about to rip apart with him pushing deeper.

The girls watched her write between Cain's massive arms, feeling a deep tingling inside them. Soon, they will be in her place. And no one got more nervous than the maids who were still made of mortal flesh.

"HAHA!" Elistraee started panting, feeling Cain's flesh pushing on her cervix as tears dropped across her cheek. "It's all the way in?" She looked down, and Cain didn't get half his length inside yet. She looked at him with a scared face, "Not even there,"

"Not even halfway, should I stop or make it shorter?" Cain replied to her with a smile, whispering in her long ears.

Elistraee clenched her teeth and took a deep breath. She relaxed her hips and looked at Cain's face, "No, pushed all the way. I will be fine,"

"I won't stop if I started," Cain clenched his palms on her butt.

"I don't want you to stop," Elistraee whispered back, "I'm about to cum, just from you putting it there." She stared at his face with a horny smile, blushing with a droll leaking from her lips.

"Is that so?" Cain smiled, gently biting her left ear.

"AHAHA!" Elistraee gasped, her legs extending as she cried, clear liquid rushing from between her legs as she panted for air.

"You're too much into it," Cain looked at her, "Did you relax a bit?" He looked at her face.

"Yeah, I think I can handle it better now, please push deeper," Elistraee replied, and Cain started pushing into her.

She gasped for air, her hands scratching on his back as she felt the large hard thing push against her cervix with extreme force. She wasn't used to that feeling, but it wasn't something that she couldn't handle.

CRACK! Cain's flesh penetrated her cervix, causing her to jolt and bent backward. It was a steady stream of pain, but it suddenly skyrocketed with that hit.

Elistraee's body started shivering as Cain kept pushing deeper and deeper. She was a goddess, and her body was maulable. She won't die, or be harmed from such a thing, but she would still feel its pain and pleasure.

"Do it slower, Cain," Elistraee gasped as her hips felt numb, the pain started to fade and get turned into pleasure.

Cain smiled, looking down. Gracie had her tongue deep into Elistraee's back hole, pumping her with an aphrodisiac.