Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Cain shoved his flesh deeper into Elistraee, causing her body to contract back and her toes to curl. She clenched her nails on his shoulders, shaking.

Fierna on the side gulped, glaring at them and thinking. ^How should I bring it up? No, would I even get the chance of being there?^

To her, this was more than it looked. The devils' fates seemed to lay on her shoulders.

Could she manage to get on the over god's good side? It might spell salvation for her people. But on the other hand, she managed to displease him or any of his wives. It could spell doom for everyone.

She turned her head, looking at Alice with a sweaty face.

Alice smiled, "Well, don't stress it out. Sit beside me and watch," Alice waved her hand, "Your turn will come soon, it might be in the last ones, but it's there."

Fierna approached Alice and sat beside her, "I can't imagine it." She stared at Cain, putting the shaking Elistraee down and looking at Ariel."

"Send the next one," Cain said with a smile, and Aria turned to look at Sofia, "You go, clean him up." She pushed Sofia with a kick on her back.

Fierna watched Sofia take Cain's whole flesh into her throat and gulped, "Well, even if I got my turn," She looked at Alice, "I doubt that thing would fit in me in any way," She said with a sweaty face.

"Don't worry about that. It will fit," Alice smiled, looking at the maids. "You're all humans. Who of you took Cain all the way in?"

The maids looked at each other, and Klara looked at Alice, "I don't think any of us could take him in,"

Alice tilted her head, "And I was sure at least one of you had taken it."

"I took it all in, but this was in the past when he wasn't this big." Lexi looked at Alice and then shifted her eyes toward Katherine. "How about you?"

"I took it all the way in, but from the back, not the front." Katherine smiled. "But I heard Lady Marina could take him all in with ease," She looked back.

Marina smiled, "I won't say I can't. I let him push all the way in, even if I can't take it."

"That has to hurt a lot," Klara sighed, looking at Cain and imagining what could happen to her in a few moments.

"Don't worry, you get used to it quickly, and you won't feel a lot of Cain if you drank some of Gracie's aphrodisiac." Marina smiled, looking at Gracie, who stood at the side, looking at Elistraee while drolling.

"Gracie, come here for a moment," Marina called her, and she walked toward them while keeping an eye on Elistraee.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"I know you're hungry, but do you mind talking a bit?" Marina patted Gracie's shoulders and pulled her toward them.

"What is it?" Gracie looked at them.

Alice smiled, "You aphrodisiac, how does it work?"

"People feel less pain when horny. My aphrodisiac makes people horny," Gracie explained as simply as she could.

"We understand that part, but why?" Marina sighed.

"That I don't know, but what I know is that it's potent and removes all negative emotions." She looked at Alice, "You hate doing it with women, but you won't mind it when under my aphrodisiac."

Aria smiled, standing and walking toward them, "It works by overriding all the feelings into pleasure. So, pain, disgust, hate, nausea, thirst and hunger, and more, everything turns into a craving for it." She looked at Alice, "You feel the pain but understand it as pleasure."

"I see," Alice scratched her chin, "Is that how it works,"

"Yes, but there are some people who already understand pain as pleasure," She looked at Sylph and Klara, "Those two can get off the pain. But Sylph only felt it from Cain while Klara got off to you and him."

"Oi!" Klara glared at Aria, and Sylph looked at them with a smug smile, proud as an elf should be.

"Let her be, let her be," Lilia walked between them, smiling, "Everyone has something they like," She looked at Aria, "Isn't that right,"

"Except you," Aria stared at Lilia, "You don't feel pleasure, do you? I even doubt you understand emotions."

Lilia smiled, "Come on, I do understand them. And I do feel pleasure. It's just that I'm not focused on it that much." Lilia flicked her fingers and created a chair, sitting on it.

"I see things as an outsider, for me. Myself. as Lilia is a stranger. I live in a selfless state most of the time." Lilia looked at the girls, "So to me. It doesn't matter most of the time."

The girls stared at Lilia, and Aria looked at them, patting Lilia's head, "So, here you have it. This little monster in reality doesn't care. You can't get her angry or happy."

"Wait, what?" Alice gasped, looking at them, "What do you mean, she likes how Gracie was?"

"No, Lilia fully understands emotions, but they don't affect her. She's like a puppet master, moving her body from an outsider's view." Aria lifted her palm, creating a small dool of magic, and started moving it with threads.

"This is Lilia," She pointed at the door, "And I would be her true nature, Yog,"

"Then why is she attracted to Cain?" Alice looked at Aria and then at Lilia, "Do you mind answering that?"

Lilia smiled, "That isn't a question that should be asked for your own sanity."

The girls stared at her, confused, "What do you mean by that?"

Lilia smiled, "You shouldn't know, but let's just say, we aren't exactly what we seem," She looked at Cain who just finished with Sofia, "Aria, who's next?"

Aria looked back at the girls, "Selena, it's your turn to go."

Selena smiled, jumping from her seat and taking her clothes off. She approached Cain with her tail wagging from side to side, "I've been waiting-nya,"

"I know, come here," Cain pulled her toward him, but she looked back, "How about them-nya?" she looked at Rahana and Katherin.

"If you want them to join, I won't mind," Cain waved his hand for them, and the two girls approached with fearful steps."

Selena looked at Cain with a grin, "I want it in the back-nya," She started rubbing her chest on his arm, slowly pushing him toward Rahana.

Cain smiled, grabbing her by the shoulder. "Get on your knees, all three of you." The girls sat as Cain told them, and he sat on his chair facing them.

Seeing his flesh, the girls knew what to do, so they approached him. Selena took the lead by starting to lick the tip first. Rahana and Katherine took their sides.

Cain relaxed back on his chair, letting them do the work as he stared at the other girls, "Alva, you don't have to be that tense," He looked back at the fairies who sat on the table.

"What do you mean?" Alva gasped.

"You want to do it with Ishtar? You two feel free to do it. Since I will be playing with you as well," Cain glared at her, and Alva growled, "Fine."

Alva pulled Ishtar to the back as Cain watched them, but he suddenly felt a sharp pain in his hips. "Selena, no biting," Cain looked down at her.

"Look at me-nya," she clenched her teeth harder, and Cain recoiled back, "I understand, I understand. Please stop it!" He patted her head.

Cain lifted Selena up and put her on the table, "Spread your legs. I will start with you."

Selena did as he said and opened her legs, spreading her back hole with her hands. "Give it to me-nya," She mumbled, her tail wiggling around.

Cain smiled, rubbing his flesh between her legs. He then shoved it from the front, causing her to gasp. "Not that one-nya,"

Cain grabbed her hands and laid on her chest, smiling, "Just relax. I will give you what you want when I'm done," He started moving quickly. Selena had a godly constitution. And she won't feel it unless he gets rough.

Selena could take him all the way in with ease, but she gasped each time he pulled out, feeling her insides twisting. She looked at Cain with a grin, it felt good, but not as she used to feel from her back.

She wrapped her legs around his hips and clenched her insides. Cain felt his flesh throbbing with pain, she was about to rip it off. 'No! Get harder!' He pumped himself with more magic, trying to fight her ridiculous strength.

Thud! Selena grabbed Cain from his back, clenching her claws around him. With a single push from her tail, they flipped with her being on top.

CRACK! Cain could feel it, his flesh can't fit inside her, but he also can't force it inside. His flesh wasn't hard enough to push against Selena's insides.

Selena smiled, pushing her hips down. It wasn't Cain's flesh stretching her insides. Her insides were too tight they started crushing his flesh.