Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 817  The Gods' night V

Cain smiled, lowering Rahana a bit faster. She growled, clenching her claws at his back. But she couldn't scratch him, not even a bit.

BLOP! She could feel the tip piercing through. A stinging sensation of pain radiated from between her legs and up to her teeth. She took a few short breaths and relaxed, "Push deeper. It isn't much."

Hearing her, Cain lowered her even more, pushing deeper and deeper into her till he reached a stopping point. Rahana gasped for air, feeling herself getting numb to the pain, but her stomach couldn't stop pulsating.

"It's all the way in, relax." Cain patted the back of her head, pulling her closer to him.

"I'm fine. I got used to it." Rahana smiled as her pain almost fully faded, leaving her with a strange sense of pleasure radiating from her belly.

Gracie looked at them for a second and then retreated back, sitting beside Melisa, "They are doing fine without me,"

Melissa looked at her with a smile, "You wanted to join them," She giggled, "I know you like fooling around, but isn't that bit too much."

"I might not look like it, but I'm a succubus goddess."

Melissa shook her head, "Well, that's true."

Gracie slowly moved her head, glaring at Selena's butt as she lay on the table. She started drolling seeing the white creme seeping out.

Gracie stood, approaching Selena. Thud! Melisa grabbed her by the head, "Where do you think you're going? Mistress." She growled.

Gracie turned her head and looked at Melissa, "Snack,"

"No you aren't," She pulled her back, "Endure it until your turn,"

"Let me go!" Gracie cried, flailing her arms trying to catch Selena.

Cain pulled Rahana down violently, pushing all the way inside her as he clenched his fists around her back.

She writhed, arching back and moaning, droll dripping from her mouth. She could feel a deep head bubbling inside her, sending waves of pleasure across her body.

"AH! AH! AHA!!!" She grunted, growling as she fell on Cain's chest, her hips shaking as she splashed, spilling the clear liquid all over him. For a moment, she thought she pissed herself, but Cain assured her it wasn't the same thing. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Cain pulled out of her, leaving her hole flooding out. "Now, get on all four."

"What, we aren't done?" Rahana gasped, looking back at Cain with quivering hands.

"Of course, we aren't," Cain smiled, flicking his fingers and a massive bed appeared out of nowhere. "Get on it,"

Rahana barely managed to climb onto the bed, she kneeled forward and stood on her knees and hands. "Like this?" She slowly turned her head to look at Cain, sweating.

Cain looked at her, scratching his chin, "Lift your butt up and slightly bend your spine."

"Like this?" She did what Cain said, lifting her butt. White liquid dripped from her front hold, making Gracie even hungrier.

Thud! Melissa pulled Gracie back as she stood, "Don't go, restrain yourself."

"Let her be," Meliliana looked at her mother with glowing eyes, "She can do what she wants."

Melissa glared back at her daughter, "Get on all four and start licking her,"

"Hee? Why me?" Meliliana gasped, glaring back at her mother, "Do it yourself,"

Gracie looked at them, "That's enough, both of you." She sighed, resting on a chair and closing her eyes. "Let me rest a bit,"

"You don't want anyone?" Melissa looked at her.

Gracie opened one eye, "If you're that insistent," Gracie took her maid shoes out and relaxed back. "Lick my feet, both of you. No need to take my thigh highs."

"As you order," Melissa said, licking Gracie's right foot.

"As you wish," Meliliana sighed, licking Gracie's left foot.

Gracie relaxed, looking back at her shoulders, Kai and Amanda stood there. "You two aren't that insistent like them."

"We worked for Alora before, we know how to act," Kai replied with a smile. "We wouldn't have survived there if we didn't learn," Amanda puffed her chest with pride.

"Cain! Slow down!" Rahana gasped, feeling a tingling in her crotch. She slowly turned her head and looked at him, "Please,"

"GRAAAAAAAAA!" They heard Rahana grunt as Cain slowly pushed his flesh into her butt. "AGHH!" She growled, clenching her claws on the blanket, biting it with shaking hips.

"Relax, don't squeeze too hard or it will hurt more," Cain whispered in her ear, biting it.

"I'm not, it's just too big," Rahana growled, feeling Cain thrust deeper into her. CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! Cain started thrusting faster and faster. Gracie watched with a droll droplet dripping down her lips, she's getting even more hungry.

"Cain! Slow down!" Rahana gasped, feeling a tingling in her crotch. She slowly turned her head and looked at him, "Please,"

Thud! Cain pushed her onto the bed to lay on her stomach, "Why? I won't slow down,"

Rahana could feel him getting bigger inside her, going deeper into her. She cried, "I want to pee, please stop."

"I already told you it isn't that," Cain kissed her, and started moving even more violently. "Relax, let it out. Don't resist it,"

Rahana started moaning as Cain ground her hips down until she could feel it coming out. She cried, "AHHHHHHHHHH!"

Cain slowly pulled out, looking at her with a smile. "Now, it's your turn," He slowly turned his head, looking at Katherin, the first of the maids to be treated this day.

Katherin smiled, walking forward in her maid uniform. Cain lifted Rahana and pushed her to the side, clearing a spot for Katherin and himself to sit.

"So, Master Cain. How far can I go?" Katherin asked with a passive face, resting her head on his shoulder.

"As long as you're okay with me doing anything to you," Cain replied, gazing at her as she smiled.

"Well then, I will help myself." She stood and kneeled between his legs. She turned around and showed him her back. "Can you help me unlock the upper zipper? The straps as well,"

Cain smiled, opening the locks of her uniform as she turned to face him, slowly exposing her chest.