Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 818  Fire and Lightning

Lilia watched Katherin approaching Cain, and she smiled, but then Baal touched her shoulder. "Lady Lilia, something is off on the seventh layer."

Lilia stared at her, "What do you mean?"

"I can feel the cockroaches multiplying rapidly. I fear they are planning to invade the sixth layer," Baal clenched her fist, "Send me there. I will hold them back."

Lilia thought about it, "You go with Zaleria. Clear as much as you can." She looked at her, "I will follow you soon with the anti-bug drug."

Thud! Zaleria approached them, "I'm ready as well." She was listening. "Send us there,"

Click! Lilia flicked her finger, and Zaleria and Baal disappeared in an instant.

Cockroaches thrived in the rotten wastelands of Maladomini, the seventh layer of hell. A lightning bolt fell from the sky, striking a mountain peak.

Baal and Zaleria stood on the peak, glaring down at the layer. "We arrived," Zaleria smiled.

"I returned to the land I once ruled." Baal took a deep breath, her skin oozing with lightning.

GJOOO! It only took the cockroaches a few seconds to notice them and assemble. Millions and millions of the buggers crawled on the ground. Followed by billions of other bugs, from titanic spiders to several miles-long centipedes.

Maladomini was a horror plane for those who feared bugs to be eaten from the inside out by the infinite larva floating through the air. But, the two standing on the mountain were nothing like that.

Zaleria took a deep breath. "What do you think? Could I clear them with a single breath?"

"Cockroaches are resilient, and those have devil blood in their veins." Baal looked down, lightning crackling from her eyes, "You kill one, ten shows up. You kill ten. A hundred shows up."

"So you're saying we can only stall for time," Zaleria looked at her, "I say we try cleaning this whole plane."

"Maladomini is a vast plane, close to infinite size. We won't be able to clear it all without help." Baal looked at Zaleria, "If you were of your mother's strength, it might be possible."

Zaleria smiled, "Then we have a chance, she glared down,"

GJO! JOJO!

A cockroach grunted, standing in front of Zaleria. It glared down at her with glowing brown eyes. A large and muscular humanoid cockroach, JoJO! BAM! It swung its fist at Zaleria's head, grunting.

SIZZLE!

"Even bugs smell nice when roasted," Zaleria smiled as the cockroach's arm fell, disintegrating into ash.

Even when Zaleria looked like a normal woman, standing with a black witch robe over her body, she was, in fact naked. Those clothes are her scales polymorphed into that shape.

A red dragon's scales can get extremely hot, and Zaleria wasn't any normal red dragon. Her scales are scorching hit that steel melts upon contact with them.

Thud! Zaleria touched the cockroach's chest, disintegrating its whole body.

JOJOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! All the other cockroaches roared, opening their wings and flying to the sky, blotting it with a rumbling crackle.

Baal walked beside Zaleria, "This is my domain, and you aren't allowed to live in it anymore." She lifted her hand to the sky, crackling with lightning.

Clouds formed above the cockroaches, spreading across the layer as Baal's body flashed with lighting. "To all eternity, this is my land."

CLAP! Lightning struck Baal, and bolts rained from the sky, expanding with a deafening boom.

Each lightning bolt targeted a Cockroach, killing it and then jumping to the next target. Spreading across Maladomini by the queen's will.

"King of roaches. Do you dare face me at my prime?" Baal shouted, her voice booming with lightning.

Zaleria smiled, "You're really the devil lord of the seventh layer." She looked at Baal, "But why are you a slug?"

"Why are you a dragon? I didn't choose how I was born. But I like being one." Baal smiled, pulling a lightning whip from her palm.

"Say, do we see who kills the most?" Zaleria smiled.

"I'm already far ahead of you. Let's see who finds and kill the roach king first." Baal smiled, and Zaleria pulled a staff, "That's what I like to hear, fire and lightning. Let's show them what real hell is like."

[Fire Storm] Zaleria waved her staff, casting a spell. The arid wind started to move, slowly gathering sparks of ember and ash. The temperature rose and soon the air turned into flames, storming the land as lightning rained from the sky.

One of the Titanic centipedes growled, towering over the sky as it lunged at Zaleria.

BAM! Zaleria lunged forward with a fire blast, destroying the mountain peak and sending hundreds of burning boulders into the sky. CRACK! With a single flying kick, she pierced the centipede exoskeleton. The fire consumed the massive bug from the wound, turning it into ash.

CRACKLE! Baal landed between the hordes of cockroaches as the centipede turned into ash. She glared at them with a smile. "Where is your kind?" Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

JOOOOOJOOOOOO! The cockroaches growled, rushing at her and swinging their fists. They weren't that strong individually, but they are a problem since there is almost an infinite number of them.

Baal and Zaleria might be strong enough to defeat millions, but soon their stamina would run out, and the cockroaches would win by sheer numbers.

CRACKLE! Baal swung her whip, hitting one of the cockroaches in roasted roach.

A lightning-fast whip with Baal's concentrated lightning, the second the face, ripping his left eye off before the got electrocuted into a roasted roach.

A lightning-fast whip with Baal's concentrated lightning, the second strongest lightning below Zeus. The lightning god himself. And just for reference, Tiamat's lightning is ranked four.

Baal looked at them, "Devils don't pray, and we don't get power from anyone." She smiled, "I myself I'm strong enough to not rely on any god." Her lightning started expanding.

"By the name of the mighty lord of the domain. The ruler of the heavenly principles of magic and dominion. I pray to the lord of terror to grant me a spec of his magic to smite his foes," Baal started tapping into Cain's magic, "Let's see if I will run out of charge now,"