Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 819  [Bonus chapter] Raging Potential

Cain's mana was the closest to being infinite, especially now that he has full access to Lilia's pool. It was a battle of endurance. He has a chance of winning.

Those cockroaches were clearly made to stall for time, and everyone knew that. Ball wasn't going to let that be, using all of her magic, and pulling from Cain to try and claim the land back from them.

CLAP! Baal's body flashed across Maladomini, sending pulses of scorching lightning, killing any bugs close to her without mercy.

CRACK! Zaleria landed on the ground, standing with a smile. The bugs couldn't even get close to her without getting cooked alive. She glared at them, "Baal is going crazy over there. Should I play as well?" she smiled, fire crackling from her body.

Her teeth became sharp, and her green eyes emitted a deep red glow as her skin turned red. Her body expanded as her finger turned into claws, and a massive tail expanded from her back.

BAM! In the blink of an eye, a mountain-sized red dragon glared down at the bugs. Baal stopped for a moment, seeing the massive shadow towering over her. She looked back, and gasped, "Zaleria?"

"You finally look like proper bugs," Zaleria glared at the mile-long centipede. It was like a large dog glaring at a snake.

KA-DON! Fire exploded from Zaleria's body, igniting everything in her sight. Baal had to protect herself with lighting. The sheer heat was unbearable.

"I'm the red dragon born to a god," Zaleria started chanting, and her red flame turned blue. "I live with a god." Her flames turned white, "And one day, I shall grow strong enough to devour a god." Her flames faded as the whole layer went silent.

"I'm the infernal dragon who burns the world, Inferno." Her flames exploded again, this time as black as the night sky. The mountains around her evaporated, and the ground melted. Baal was forced to teleport too far and far away to be able to resist the heat.

"What are you doing?" Baal shouted.

CRACK! Zaleria stood on her hind legs, a titanic suit of heavy platinum armor made by Bahamut covering her body. She carried a large glowing blade the size of a mountain. Jewelry dangled from her tattooed scales.

Baal gasped, "Even dragons can wear armor and use buffs. All of those are crafted by gods, and enchanted by lord Cain himself. Is she intending to go all out?"

BAM! Zaleria's body disappeared, and the whole area exploded into ash. Size and weight didn't matter to her. "She accelerated far than what something of her size should be able to do. Just stopping release enough energy to burn her surrounding."

BOOM! Zaleria stopped, looking at the ground, "Show yourself! Silver!" She didn't give shit about the cockroaches and wanted to dig straight down to Cania and burn the ice hero to ash.

The nine hells started shaking as the infernal dragon rampaged on Maladomini. The heat slowly seeped into Cania, causing the ice to start melting.

Back in the maze, Cain could feel Zaleria rampaging in Maladomini, shaking the whole plane to the core. She was Kossuth's daughter, and her power is rapidly growing with each moment.

"What do you think, Kossuth?" Cain stopped moving his hips and looked back.

"She reminds me of when I went to hell to beat Tiamat. But I wasn't this strong at the time." Kossuth smiled, putting one leg on the other. "But shouldn't you be getting ready to help them?" She looked at Cain, sucking Katherine's chest as he thrust into her butt.

"Zaleria is at the edge of achieving something great. I won't interfere with and hinder her growth." Cain smiled, looking at Kossuth, "Let her spread her wings and see how far she can fly."

Back in hell, Baal flew into a safe distance from the rampaging Zaleria. "Her flames have turned black. They are burning everything including light itself." She clenched her fist as the bugs surrounded her. "I too should be able to achieve such heat!" She growled.

She transformed into a lightning bolt, flashing across the lands with exploding thunder.

Cain blinked twice, "Baal is going crazy as well. She's sucking more and more magic. Let's hope she doesn't kill herself."

Baal's lightning slowly changed as she flashed across Maladomini, heating up and gathering power. It only took her a few minutes at that high voltage to notice something. Lighting had a power other than electrocuting things.

The ground started shaking as fine dust rose from the dirt, blotting the sky in a black cloud as lightning crackled. The bugs looked up, and the cockroaches started running away as they saw Baal standing above the storm.

"Iron dust, it got pulled from the ground," Baal looked down with a smile, "With strong enough lighting, I can extract iron from anything and move as I wish," She lifted her hand, pointing a the cockroaches.

The iron dust cloud roared, floating toward the bugs at an incredible speed, mincing them to pieces as it expanded. "The more the iron dust rub against each other, the more static lightning is generated, and the stronger the storm moves and generates a stronger lighting."

Baal smiled, taking a deep breath, two horns emerging from her head, "Thanks to lord Cain's power. This eternal cycle is possible. We won't need any bug spray. I will alone eat you all!" She roared.

The cockroach King watched them from Afar, growling. Those two were far beyond the expected level, and his children are falling like bugs. Even though a single cockroach would be a disaster to the mortal world, they can't hold a candle against those two. Especially since Cain is fueling them.

JOJOJOOJOOOGOOOOO! The cockroach growled at the back lines, releasing the secret weapon he's been keeping hidden all this time.

Back in the maze, Cain could feel the cockroach king making his move, so he stood, letting Katherine rest as he just finished with her.

"Are you going?" Kossuth looked at Cain with a smile.

"No," He approached Lilia, "Give me some of that drug," He extended his palm to her.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m