Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 820  A Wrath From The Heavens

Cain smiled, standing up and looking at the sky. His vision flashed across space, reaching the depth of hell and stopping in the heart of Maladomini a god was on the prowl.

The cockroach king sat on his bone throne, glaring at the flashing lighting in the distance. "JOOOOO! JIJOOO! (Baal had returned with a dragon: Why aren't they dead yet?)." He growled, tilting his head and looking at the cockroaches ahead of him.

"JOJOOOOOOOJIOJOOOOO. JOOOAGOOOJAOOO. (They are far stronger than we expected. But they shouldn't survive against our armies for more than an hour)." The cockroach replied, staring at the king.

"JOOJOOO. JOOOJOOOJOJOJOOJOOOOOOO. (Increase the hatchery production speed. Overwhelm then with sheer numbers.)" The king smiled, his cockroach face twisting as he could see the magic circles around the hatchery glowing with a bright blue light.

Soon, more of his kind are going to be born and grow ready to fight within seconds. It didn't matter how much Baal and the dragon killed. Those cockroaches will get resurrected immediately and have more coming fresh as well.

The more they killed, the more cockroach came, and soon they would die. A strategy that is only available in hell.

As the cockroach royal court watched the fire show in the distance with amazement, they sensed several large magic sources falling from the sky.

The king gasped, looking at the sky with terror in his eyes.

"Sensing multiple heat sources falling from the sky. This is!" One of the cockroaches cried, glaring at the sky with the king. "Meteor fall!"

KA-BOOOM! The land flashed with a bright light as the layer cracked. The cockroach king barely managed to jump into a bunker as the meteors cleared the land in a single swoop.

BAM! The king kicked the bunker door open after the blast and rushed out, "Who the fuck cast that thing? Who dares target my castle?" He growled, looking outside.

It wasn't just his castle. Someone targeted the whole layer.

***

Zaleria gasped, flying away with Baal on her shoulder and barely evading the meteors. "An attack from the roaches? No, it intentionally missed us."

Baal gasped, looking at the sky. "No, this isn't an attack from the roaches. They don't have such power. The only one who can do something like this is..." She gasped, shaking in her place.

Silver smiled in Cania. "So you're finally making a move. Abomination!"

***

KA-BOOM! Another wave of meteors fell from the sky, hammering it flat. The flames faded as the crushed and burned corpses of the bugs evaporated, and a rain of acid fell from the sky.

The cockroach king could see the magic circles in the hatchery shift color from blue to purple as an outside took control over them, and cause the eggs to rupture prematurely.

He looked up, sweating, "Is this god?"

[I've grown tired of this mess] Cain's voice boomed across the sky, shaking the ground to the core.

[I shall finally respond. A smite of all my power shall confront the struggles of the bugs]

Purple lightning of pure mana flashed across the whole layer, sending waves of thunder. [Isn't that right? Cockroach?]

The cockroach king growled, "An attack that evaded his two messengers and wiped out entire current forces. He even took control of the hatchery and stopped reinforcements from being born."

The cockroach king ran inside the bunker, trying to fetch a weapon that he got from Silver.

[Take your position] Cain's voice boomed as Lilia appeared in the middle of the sky, holding her staff up with a divine purple storm creating a gaping hole in the dark sky.

"We're up against a god. He will see through all of our preparations." the cockroach king growled, "He will come at us with all of his might. This is how gods fight."

[The bugs do not know if they are worth less than the dirt in which they hide]

[You can struggle, but you will know that no matter how many of you band together and writhe upon the earth.]

[You shall never reach the strength of the heavens]

Lilia smiled in the sky, her eyes flashing with Cain's purple holy magic. She pulled the anti-bug drug from her pocket and threw it in the sky. [Divine Smite] She swung her staff down, sending a ray of purple doom on the ground.

BAM! Everyone went blind for a second as Cain's divine smite fell from the heavens.

Later, Zaleria woke up, gasping for air on a flat black land of dried lava. She looked around to see Baal unconscious on her stomach. "What happened?" She gasped again.

Even with her sharp draconic senses, she couldn't sense any life around her for miles. Except for one in the sky.

Lilia flew down and landed beside Baal on Zaleria's stomach.

"I hope that didn't scare you?" She smiled.

"What was that?"

Lilia laughed, "What was it? Cain explained it, didn't he?" She looked at Zaleria, "Those cockroaches dared to stand in the way of a god, so he erased them whole, with everything else on this layer." She opened her arms.

"Right now, we're the only alive being on the seventh layer of hell. He killed everyone else with a smite, and they won't be resurrected." she laughed.

"Wait! That light, cleared the whole layer? I thought this place was almost infinite, far bigger than the mortal world!"

"Of course, but that wasn't a problem as Cain had the output to clear it." She smiled, "He can cast this a few dozen times. And only Aria and I can act as catalysts for it."

Baal woke up, "Catalysts for it? Do you mean he needs you two to use it?"

"No, it only means that he need to send one of us if he wanted to cast the spell remotely. And also we can use it at will as well, so you can figure out the rest." Lilia jumped down, "You can shift into a humanoid form," She smiled, "We're going back home for now,"

Zaleria shifted to her humanoid form and stood beside Baal, looking at Lilia. "What is Cain doing? He could have come in person." Zaleria asked.

"He's with Kossuth now. She couldn't resist sucking him off after seeing him blast this whole place."

"Mother is..." Zaleria looked up, "Yeah, we should head back."

"Wait," Baal gasped, "You mean that everything in this layer is dead? And won't be coming back?"

Lilia nodded, "Naturally, they won't come ever again. But Cain could still revive them if he so wished," She smiled, "If you want your people back, you better ask him yourself."

Baal didn't care about the cockroaches, she rathered them stay dead. But she wanted the other bugs to remain, and do their duty in this layer.

"I have to ask him in person?" She looked around, terrified at the tough of facing him again. That erased a whole world in the blink of an eye.

She remembered seeing Cain joking around with the girls, getting yelled at by his human maids and even dragged around.

But now, seeing what he could do, she can't even get the courage to stand before him without fearing for her life.

Thud! Thud! Zaleria tapped her shoulder, "Calm down," She smiled, "Cain isn't our enemy, and he won't use such an attack against us."

"Zaleria is right. If he did, you two would be dead by now."

Lilia's words were true. They were caught in the middle of the attack and survived, only thanks to Cain leaving them alive.

"What could I do, to get him to revive the bugs of this this layer?" Baal asked, looking at Lilia with a scared face. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"Just ask him, Cain won't ask for much if anything. But if you want to make sure and be a good girl, make sure to always say yes to him, no matter what." Lilia knocked the ground with her staff, "We're heading back."

Zaleria closed her eyes as Lilia's magic flashed again. The moment she opened them, she saw her mother vigorously sucking Cain with Morena helping her.

"You two are back, sorry if that light scared you." Cain waved his hand, acting as he used to. Not a spec of change after he blasted the whole of Maladomini to oblivion.

"Leave something for me!" Zaleria screamed, stripping and jumping between Morena and her mother.

Baal stared at Cain, unable to take a single step. Seeing Cain's powerful fist hand made her change her view of him, he wasn't just a powerful person, he was a force of nature.

No matter what he did, she could only sense death coming from him.

Cain looked down at the girls sucking his flesh, "AH! That's good, keep it up," He smiled, and lifted his head. Staring at Baal.

"You were with Zaleria, how was it there?" He asked with a smile.

Baal's eyes met his eyes, she could feel the strength disappearing from her body as she pissed herself, falling on her face, motionless.