Chapter 821  Into the Eight layer of Hell

Five days went by, and races slowly started moving into Cain's heaven, starting with the demons from the abyss and the devils from hell.

Cain stepped away from ruling heaven, as he had a bigger problem to deal with so he left Sara to rule in his stead for the time being.

The demons and devils objected to having a human rule the biggest heaven in the world, but none could say it directly to Cain's face.

****

CLACK! Sara walked down the opal-marbled castle, followed by two women. One is a d devil, and the other a demon at her side.

"Lady Sara, we got a request for new citizens at the Western city," The demon woman said, opening her eyes and staring at Sara with her completely black eyes.

Sara turned around, looking at the red-skinned demon with a smile, "It should be empty. Why are you asking for my permission?"

"That city is fairly close to the devil territory, and I don't want them complaining about us being close." The demon woman replied, glaring at the devil one to the side.

"We devils are more civilized than you, demon. We won't go babbling about land when we have no right to bask in the sunlight and feel the cold water running on this holy land." The devil woman growled, glaring at the demon woman.

"Civilized, you say? Why I'm the one asking and not you?" The demon woman growled.

"Enough, both of you," Sara turned her head, staring at them with a smile, and they fell silent. "As you order," Both of them gasped.

"No need for the tense face. I'm not angry." Sara smiled, "I like seeing you two banter about it like this,"

The two women looked at each other, "Then, do you mind if I ask something?." The devil woman looked at Sara.

"What is it? I'm not as knowledgeable as Master Cain." Sara replied with a smile.

"His Highness, the supreme god Cain." The devil woman gulped, "Why did he evict all devils from hell bringing them here?" She looked at Sara, "I heard that all devils from the first to the seventh lair were teleported."

Sara smiled, "Not just devils, everyone was dragged away. He only left with a single trusted comrade to fight against a legendary figure."

"A legendary figure. Who?" The demon woman asked, "Who would dare face the god of the gods? And who can stand and fight beside him? The goddesses?"

Sara smiled, "No, he took a friend. Someone he can trust more than anyone else to fight and never fall,"

***

On the eighth layer of hell, two men walked on the thin ice, clothed in heavy cloaks. "This place is damn cold," Acho! Cain sneezed, rubbing his red nose.

"You didn't bring me here to watch you catch a cold," Kayden growled, staring at Cain, "You said we're going to face a powerful being,"

Cain stared back at Kayden, "Don't worry, we will face him soon."

"You could have brought anyone else. Why me?" Kayden stared back at Cain.

"To be honest, you're the best swordsman and melee fighter I know. Father is good, but he doesn't have enough durability to survive in this place." Cain looked around him. "Absolute Zero. It won't get colder than this."

"You tested everyone, and I was the only one who could survive it for a long time," Kayden sighed.

"If you know, why ask me?" Cain stared back at Kayden with an annoyed face. "Father or Sofia would resist it better, but they can't sustain them for a long time. You, on the other hand, seem to survive just fine."

"Kali said that we demons are used to living in harsh conditions," Kayden replied with a smile.

"This isn't a harsh condition. It's death incarnate into a frozen land with dozen of blue mantic devils prowling the wilderness and sticking ice spikes into sinners' butts," Cain growled, annoyed, and lifted his hand.

Kayden pulled his sword, "Ice devils," He looked forward, seeing a bunch of blue mantic people walking around with ice spears, "Should I kill them?"

"No, let me do something," Cain flicked his fingers, and the devils disappeared.

"I teleported them away. This should be better. We need to save our energy for that bastard silver," Cain quickly hit his palm beneath the warm cloak.

"You say that, but we've been walking for four days. Can't we just go to him?" Kayden sheathed his sword and followed Cain.

"When the temperature reaches absolute Zero, even time stopped flowing. I can send my magic to search for him, but the spell will freeze indefinitely the moment it gets away from me."

"So we can't use magic to find him, and we can't use long-range teleport," Kayden looked at the snowy ground. "The snow is annoying to walk across,"

"We need to find him the old way. He knew traversing the place is hard, and I'm sure he did this on purpose." Cain sighed, "He stayed here, but it was clear from the start that his power was on another level compared to devil lords, and even some of the gods." Cain looked at the white sky as snowflakes fell slowly.

"This is his domain. He knows we're here and is trying to exhaust us before the fight." Cain sighed again, and Kayden glared at him.

"You're sighing a lot,"

"I mean, I'm far away from my warm heaven, walking in this frozen wasteland for days." Cain stared back at Kayden, "I want to get back and sleep in a warm bed,"

"You're the one who said we should come here, so stop complaining," Kayden swung his fist, punching Cain on the head.

"OW!" Cain growled, "I know, I know." He looked at Kayden, "I know what must be done. I did say it before, didn't I?"

"Do what must be done even if we hate it." Kayden looked at Cain, smiling. "Isn't there a way to drag that bastard out?"

"Not really. He's smart and is watching us, no matter what plane we come up with. He will just ruin it in some way, or at least move before we catch him." Cain smiled.

"Then you must have a plan. Can you tell me now?" Kayden looked at Cain, "We've been marching for four days without sleep or rest. We must be nearing something." Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

"I can't tell you my plan. You just have to trust me on this one."