Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 822  [Bonus chapter] Icy Plan

Another four days passed. Cain and Arad kept walking across the snow without stopping, and Kayden started getting impatient.

"We aren't lost, are we?" He glared at Cain.

"No, we aren't," Cain smiled, "But you have to trust me. We still have a decent way to cross, but we will catch him." Cain looked confident of his secret plan, and Kayden only nodded.

"I will cut you in half if we're lost," He growled and walked after Cain.

****

Back in the first layer of hell, Sofia sat on her throne with Alice facing her. "It's been more than a week since Cain left for the eight-layer. Do you think he's doing okay?" She smiled.

Alice waved her hand, "He's the overgod, don't worry about him." She smiled, "You know his plan. It's amazing, but take time."

Sofia sighed, "Slowly walking in circles, mapping the place in his head to create a massive magic circle and then using magic to heat the plane. To me, the plane sounded ridiculous and hard to pull."

"Everyone thinks the same," Alice smiled, "Except Kayden. Cain didn't inform him, so he won't do something that exposes it to Sliver."

Sofia growled, a gust of flames escaping her mouth, "He could have taken me and grandma Zaleria and Kossuth. We could have melted the whole plane."

Alice shook her head. "Remember? Cain said that Silver might be stronger with ice than Kossuth is with fire."

Sofia stood, "He can't be. Grandma Kossuth is powerful, more than anyone could expect,"

"I know her power very well, but if Cain says it won't be enough, then it won't be enough," Alice smiled.

"How about Amaterasu? She could spawn a whole sun in the middle of the plane and heat it up." Sofia suggested.

"It's too risky to send a goddess to Silver. No one knows what he can do. Cain went personally and with Kayden since the two of them can take a beating without a problem, we aren't the same." Alice glared at Sofia, and she looked down.

"They are the only two that are strong without divinity. Cain has a lot of raw magic, and Kayden is a powerhouse able to slay gods." Sofia looked at Alice, "How could a demon like him achieve such power."

"I would say it's Asura who kickstarted everything, and now Kali sees Kayden as her father. His power is growing based on the people around him," Alice smiled, "Just like how Cain made us strong,"

"That absolute demon. To think he's someone who can stand beside Cain on a battlefield."

"Well, if you tell me six months ago that Cain would become the god of the gods, I would have laughed at you. And I certainly won't guess how strong Kayden has gotten,"

Knock! Knock!

Alice turned around and looked at the door with a smile, "Come in,"

The door slowly opened up and Fierna walked inside, bowing deeply, "Mistress Alice, I finished sending all devils into Master Cain's heaven. What should I do next?" She said with a smile.

"Nothing, Just keep monitoring hell and inform me of any changes. I don't really care about sinners, as they were sent to hell to suffer." Alice smiled and Fierna left the room.

***

Back in the mortal world, Chad sat on a street in the human capital facing a large building. "Uncle Chad!" Kali rushed out of the building, crying her eyes out and dragging a small bag in her hand.

"What is it?" Chad smiled, lifting her up.

"I hate this place! They had me sit all day, writing numbers!" She cried, flailing her arms.

Chad laughed, "Calm down, it's like this everywhere." He patted her head, "Kayden left you here, so you can find something to do, and make some friends."

"I don't want any friends, I have plenty in the abyss." She cried, "I want to go home and play."

"We're going home now." Chad smiled, lifting her up, "What did you learn today?"

"Nothing! I can already count and write better than anyone else. It's more boring than staying in a white room for a year." She pointed her hand at the building.

"I will burn it down, then no one gets to suffer there." She growled.

Thud! Chad caught her hand, he knew she would do it. "I said calm down. Kayden would be angry if you don't attend,"

"I don't care," She looked away.

"How about Mommy Lily? She isn't that nice, is she?" Chad smiled and Kali froze. Unlike Kayden who treated her nicely, Lily was far more strict to the point that Kali started fearing her.

"Fine," she looked down, "Let's go home," Chad walked to Kayden's home carrying Kali.

***

Knock! Knock! "Lily, I brought Kali from school."

Lily rushed toward the door, opening it and bending forward to look outside, she was far taller than the door frame.

"Thank you for bringing her," She smiled, looking at Chad.

"No need to thank me. It's on my way after all," Chad gave Kali to her and headed toward the castle where he had a meeting with King Baltos.

***

"Sir Chad, please follow me this way," A knight bowed down, and asked Chad to follow him. "The king is awaiting in the private room,"

Chad followed the knight and walked into the private room, seeing King Baltos sitting alone on his chair, with an empty seat ahead of him.

"Sir Chad, please take a seat," Baltos smiled, waving his hand and showing Chad the empty seat.

Chad sat down and looked at Baltos, "So, you called me because of Sara," Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Baltos shook his head, "No about her, but about the fallen kingdom of Alseria. I would like you to go there and fetch me the king's crown."

Chad looked at Baltos, "The kingdom fell just a few years ago, barely two decades have passed."

"I know, but the crown should be there somewhere," Baltos smiled.

"Why do you need it?" Chad stared at Baltos.

"I want to revive that kingdom into something better. Would you help me?" Baltos smiled.