Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 825  Frozen World

Cain glared at Silver's face, frowning, "You seek the destruction of the world, not its balance." Magic started flowing between them like a storm. "AO is no more! Chasing him means chasing an end," Cain growled, "And an end that isn't good for anyone,"

"AO is omnipotent. He's still out there. He waits for the world to be clenched for him to return," Silver growled, pulling a sword from his waist, "Abomination! This is your end!"

Cain stared at Silver with a dumbfounded face, "You're an abomination as well, a soul at least," He waved his staff, "In body as well it seems. You've long since lost your humanity, and now you're merely a devil shaped by the hells."

"You're wrong!" Silver growled, his face twisting, "I might have been an abomination, but I'm still a human in this life." His face shook, teeth grinding, "I only ate devils' souls," He pointed at Arad, "We humans yearn for the return of our creator! For AO, the true god of humanity to once again rule the heavens."

"That's your thoughts! Not everyone!" Cain started floating, lightning oozing from his legs.

"We want our god back! And if he isn't, we shall die with him, taking the world down with us," Silvier growled, his voice muddled with anger, sorrow, and hope.

An abomination from the extreme chaos raised as a human, his feelings, motives, and emotions are all as violent as the primal soup of chaos that made the world.

If it isn't the beginning, it shall be the end. The chaos engulfed everything, and in the same way, it birthed the universe, it's coming to swallow it now that AO is gone.

"Abominations are knocking on the crystal sphere of the world now, trying to break through the gates, and we're here fighting?" Cain growled, "With such a power! We could work together, save this world, make it better, the safe world AO dreamed about!"

"Empty words, monster," Silver swung his sword at Cain's neck, forcing him to dodge by flying away. "Then what about you? You're stable now, but when will you lose control? When will the madness eat your will up?"

CLANG! Cain deflected Silver's sword and pointed at him with the staff. A massive spear of white flame exploded, charring a whole mountain.

CRACK! Silver flew at Cain's face, "Did I strike a nerve?" He smiled, "You aren't sane. The mad soul of the dragon king still dances in your heart. You're going insane, it might be slow, but you know it!"

"Shut up! I already separated the mad soul from the world system. I won't go insane," Cain swung his fingers, drawing a magic circle in the blink of an eye. "Die!" [Gravity's break point]

The world cracked in Silver's chest, the space itself ripping apart as an insane gravitational force pulled everything toward a single point.

CLANG! Silver slipped through unharmed and swung his blade at Cain's neck, "I will freeze you here until this world ends. I know killing you isn't possible at this stage."

Cain smiled, teleporting behind Silver, "You say killing me is impossible at this stage? That only means capturing me is even harder,"

Silver flung his palm, freeing Cain in an ice cube, "It's easier than you think. Your powers don't make you omnipotent, you know?"

SWOSH! CLANG! Silver's body was severed from the crotch to head, his blood falling on the white snow, painting it red. Kayden floated above him, glaring down with his six arms spread apart, "Your skills are sloppy. Cain's isn't the only person you should be worried about,"

CLACK! Silver's body reformed, floating to face Kayden, "Let me be honest, I almost forgot you exist, god slayer Kayden."

Kayden glared at Silver, his eyes spazzing out, "I didn't pick that title, but I'm the current demon lord, and the foster father of the goddess of demons and destruction, Kali. I can't let you capture Cain."

"He can't capture me," Cain said, phasing through the ice as if it was nothing, "All three of us have power beyond normal death and life. The cause and effect doesn't matter to us." He waved his staff, "I have magic, Kayden has martial, and Silver has some of both,"

Silver lifted his sword, "It doesn't matter. Neither of you two are leaving this place alive." He smiled, "The cold death of the universe, it's either that or AO's return,"

Cain sighed, scratching his head, "You sure are an idiot, are you? AO won't come back. How many times do I need to say it?" He pointed his staff at Silver, "Our fight here is useless. We should be getting ready to repel the forces of the abominations when they rushed the crystal sphere, not fight here like children."

"Childrens? A one-year-old demon, a naive old man, and me who's barely out of the cradle for abomination age." Silver sighed, "I should end this,"

[COLD]

CRACK! The whole world froze, stopping in its tracks. Silver floated in the middle of the air, staring at Cain and Kayden, "You two are fools. I can literally freeze anything, water, people, you, and time itself." He started flying up, "Cain Lisworth, Kayden Daemon, Cania shall be your tomb till the end of time,"

CRACK! The layer's ceiling cracked, and Silver stopped in his place, "What? I froze time on the whole layer. No one should be able to enter or leave beside me." Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

BAM! A fist punched through the veiling, dripping with holy magic. Silver started sweating. What kind of monster is out there that time can't affect?

CRACK! Another fist punched through the ceiling of Cania, sending waves across the frozen wastelands. Two golden glowing eyes glared down, stopping at Silver.

[WHERE IS CAIN] The being growled, slowly pushing his head into the stopped time.

"What are you!" Silver growled. But he soon recognized the man, "Chad Lisworth, what brought you here?" He shouted, "How can you move in the frozen time,"

BA-dump! BA-dump! BA-dump! BA-dump! BA-dump! BA-dump! BA-dump! BA-dump!

"Can you hear it? Can you feel it?" Chad growled, "My heart is beating like drums. My son needs my help. Of course, I would come."

From behind Chad, Silver's sharp eye sighed making him see true horror, a large hole digging through all the layers of hell. This man blasted right down from the first layer.

Chad extended his hand into the stopped time, clenching a fist. Spectral fibers emerged out of nowhere, shaking at his touch. "Who told you to freeze?" Chad growled.

Silver gasped, "AO's divine magin, the primal power of creation? That's right, what are you? Where did you get his power and keep the lies away. You're not a paladin."