Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 826  Father of Humanity

Chad stared down at Silver, "Release Cain, now!" He growled, his aura shaking the whole lair.

Silver smiled, "Why don't you come here? You can resist the frozen time, can't you?"

"Father, you don't need to worry about me." Cain appeared behind Silver, cracking his shoulder, "I only needed a few seconds to crack his magic. He doesn't stop time but freezes it."

Silver glared back, his eyes glowing red, "What?"

CRACK! Kayden freed himself as well, "Is this all you can do? It doesn't matter how you freeze us. We can break it by moving a bit."

Cain pointed at Kayden with his thumb, "I dispelled your magic, and he heated himself up by flexing."

"For a moment, I felt your soul disappear," Chad said in the ceiling, staring at Cain with a smile.

"That's only because a gap had emerged in time itself. How do I explain it, it was the reverse of an explosion, an implosion but in time." Cain smiled, "How did you get here so fast?"

"Two steps, I asked Sofia to open a gate to the first layer and I dug my way down from there." Chad smiled.

Silver growled, his face twisting, "Stop babbling!" He shouted, glaring at Chad, "Why do you have AO's divine power? I can understand you having a hint of it while being a paladin to him, but it doesn't make sense for you to hold such a massive amount, and it's pure on top of that."

Chad glared at Silver, "I'm not AO's paladin, I'm his first creation and son by name. The first man, Adam." He hung down by one arm, "It's only natural that I have magic similar to my father." 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Silver grunted, "AO created you in his image, not from himself. A pot created by mankind isn't a human by any means. It shouldn't have blood."

Chad glared at Silver, "You might have been humanity's hero in the past," He looked down.

"But I'm their father, in the past, present, and future." Divine magic started coursing across Chad's body, ripping Silver's magic apart. "I won't let you end their world, even if it meant toppling the nine hells over your head."

Cain started floating away. He signaled to Kayden to back away, "Father is angry. Better keep our distance for now."

Kayden looked at Cain's face and then at Chad, "Angry?" He started approaching Chad.

Cain rushed in and pulled Kayden away by the hair, "Come here, you idiot, you would die."

Silver smiled, "You dug a hole through the hells. I shouldn't take that threat lightly," He waved his hands, "But you shouldn't take me lightly as well, father of humanity."

Thud! Chad released his grip on the ceiling, dropping through the frozen time ever so slowly.

Silver smiled, "Absolute zero. When everything is cooled down to nothing. OGA! He shouted at the top of his lungs, hitting the 11:10

glass-like wall with the force of a mountain.

the core, it stops." He waves his hands, drawing a circle between him and Chad.

Chad clenched his fist, swinging in the frozen time as if it was nothing. OGA! He shouted at the top of his lungs, hitting the glass-like wall with the force of a mountain.

Cania shook, cracking as Silver got sent back at a terrifying speed. He smiled, "My wall didn't break, you can't resist the laws of nature set by your father."

Chad looked at his fist, it was shattered, bones falling from it like breadcrumbs.

CLACK! Chad's fist healed instantly as he stared at Silver with a passive face, eyes glowing with a divine flare.

"The majority of my power flew back at my fist, That thing doesn't block, it reflects." He cracked his fists.

"You're right," Silver smiled, flying up, "My magic cools things down, it's cold magic." He waved his hands.

"Cool water to a certain degree and you get ice, get even further, a lot further, and time itself stops. That's absolute zero, and my power when I lived as a mere human." He cracked his neck, "But, after living in the hells, learning of the true nature of my soul, and embracing my powers, the powers of the abominations I got to understand that there is a limit beyond absolute zero."

CRACK! The wall he created expanded, growing taller and wider. "Beyond Zero, I can cool things beyond absolute zero to reverse the cause and effect. Matter doesn't stop or freeze, it starts moving backward."

Chad approached Silver's wall, "So you're saying this is it? The Beyond Zero, the power you got from staying in the hells."

"Yes, and even if the world crumbled and AO didn't return, I can always cool it back to normal. I might need a bit more power than I have now, but that is possible." Silver smiled, glaring at Chad, "So what are you going to do? Adam! Legacy of AO!"

Chad clenched his fist, staring at the wall with a passive face and taking a deep breath, "If it's cool, I only need to hit it hard enough to heat it back up."

"Impossible." Silver smiled, "You won't achieve it, it is unachievable. You can heat something from absolute zero, but doing it from beyond that is impossible unless you can go beyond it like me."

SWOSH! Chad swung his fist at the wall.

CRACK! His fist cracked, but he pulled it back up and swung the second while healing the first. One punch after the other, the wall vibrated, sending chills across the whole of Cania.

"I will make your job harder, How about I keep cooling it down?" Silver smiled, powering up his wall as Chad punched it.

BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! Fist after fist, Chad never stopped, his punches slowly disappeared into a misty haze, barely visible to the naked eye.

The walls of Cania shook, and Cain looked around with a scared face.

"It's twisting," He growled.

"What twisting?" Kayden stared at Cain, "I can't see anything,"

"Open your demonic eyes well, don't look at objects, not the mountains, or the ice, look at the space itself. It's twisting, bending, and contorting under the massive stress."

Cain growled, "Two godly beings are clashing in a realm they shouldn't exist in. Hell is more durable than the mortal world, but it's definitely not designed to hold gods."