Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 827  Lucifer: The Devil Lord

CRACK! Silver's barrier cracked, twisting under the weight of Chad's constant punches. The strands of magic screamed, flashing across the frozen wastelands like polar lights.

Silver growled, "What power! How much of AO divine magic do you have?"

BAM! Silver's barrier shattered, and Chad flew directly toward his face, clenching a fist. "That doesn't matter, as long as it's enough to put your power in its place."

CLAP! Chad punched Silver in the face so hard the layer around them twisted. AO's divine magic twisted his creation, decreasing the distances and extending them. That means Chad's fist cannot miss and hit the target almost immediately, and the distance the power is applied upon gets extended, causing more damage.

BOOM! Silver's body flew at a blinding speed, shockwaves bursting from his limbs before he pierced several glaciers, stopping at the end of Cania.

He slowly lifted his bloodied face, staring forward, "He isn't a simple paladin. That wasn't a normal smite, even with AO's divine magic standards." He mumbled, standing up and feeling his power fading.

"I would say he only holds a fraction of AO's power, but that is enough to shake the world. Where does it come from." He stared at Chad flying toward through the ice storms.

Silver smiled, standing up. Blood dripped from his face to his armor, tainting it with red. "Red, I can see it, I can feel it." He giggled, "Chad! I can hear it, your heart!" He shouted, extending his arms.

BAM! Chad appeared beside him, swinging another first.

SWOSH! Silver ducked down, dodging the fist. "Adam's apple, that's the source of your power. The creation AO spent eons perfecting, yet was unripe, plucked by the fallen angel Lucifer." Ice formed around Silver's fist, and he stabbed Chad's chest. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"The apple, it's your heart!"

Chad threw up blood as Silver clenched his fist around his heart, "Let's see how long you will live without it."

CLACK! Silver pulled his hand, ripping Chad's heart off. At that moment, time froze again, and Silver laughed.

"It's beautiful, isn't it?" He took a deep breath, "I can hear it. The silence."

He stared at Chad's bloodied heart, "It shall not beat again, the only divine artifact created by AO himself. Adam's apple, or should I say, the creator's shard."

Ba-dump! Ba-dump! The head bumped into Silver's hand, wiping the smile off his face.

Ba-dump! Ba-dump! Ba-dump! Ba-dump! Ba-dump! Ba-dump! Ba-dump! Ba-dump!

Silver face twisted he growled, clenching his fist on the heart, smashing it into a mush of blood and flesh. "What a waste. I wanted to use it, but it seems eager to get you back, Chad."

CRACK! CRACK! The frozen lands of Cania started cracking, and Silver looked around, "What is happening? The hells are quaking, shivering,"

FUSH! The ice of Cania evaporated as Cain flew toward them, engulfed in flames, "Silver!" He shouted.

Silver stared at Cain, "Is it him? No, he doesn't have enough heat to overpower me beyond Zero. He's only moving since my ice is melting," It then clicked in his head, and he glared down.

BOOM! The ground beneath them exploded a flash of white light flew to the ceiling of Cania, and black feathery wings engulfed the plane from one edge to the other. [SILVER!] A deep voice growled, pushing everyone to the ground.

CRACK! Cain and Kayden hit the ground, and they stared up.

"What is this?" Kayden growled.

"This feeling," Cain growled, "The king of the hells, Asmodeus. No, Lucifer!"

"Big brother," Lucifer landed beside Chad, patting his back with a sad face. "I'm here, don't worry." He smiled, "I shall protect you from this abomination as you protected me in the past."

"You were sealed!" Silver growled.

Lucifer glared at Silver and lifted his palm. The lump of blood and flesh flew to his hand and got fixed, forming the heart anew. "This is yours," He plucked the heart back into Chad's chest.

"You fixed it?" Silver cried.

"Father said it, the apple is incomplete and will rob you of your powers, end your immortality, and taint your might." Lucifer patted Chad's back, healing his wounds. "Even now, you only hold a fraction of your former power before eating the apple. Let me handle this," He looked at Silver.

"You're saying he's weak?" Silver growled.

Lucifer glared at him, "Big brother is by no means weak, I couldn't hold a candle to him, and I never will. But now, he's weakened by the apple, and by reincarnating." He smiled, "I shall protect him with all I have, even if this world was to break,"

Silver stared at Lucifer, "The devil lord destroying the world, a befitting act for a fallen angel like you. AO won't be happy to see it,"

"I only have one brother," Lucifer clenched his fist.

"STOP!" Cain flew in shouting, "Don't act rashly. Father is still alive!" He landed beside Chad, swinging his palm and teleporting him away. "You can't just destroy the world."

Silver stared back at Cain, a smile creeping all the way to his ears, "Dance with the devil, get thrown into the outer void." Those words came cold, harsh, and bloodied with bloodlust.

In the blink of an eye, Lucifer and Silver disappeared.

****

Silver opened his eyes, staring back with a terrified face, "What happened?" He could only see darkness around him and a massive purple-glowing sphere ahead of him.

"That's it, the world sphere?" He growled, but no words came out of his mouth. There is no sound in the void.

Thud! Lucifer landed on the world sphere, his wings big enough to cover it.

"We're in the outer void," Lucifer's words boomed into Silver's head, "Times flows differently here, as do space. Those two concepts aren't realized yet." A tear flowed down his cheek.

Silver stared forward, baffled.

Lucifer looked down, crying, "AGHAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!" He screamed at the top of his lungs, tears flowing down, "This world! You! My brother!" He glared forward, "How could you dare! You imbecile, you spec of nothing, you that shouldn't exist!"

Silver felt a shiver run down his spine. He looked back, seeing a massive blob of eyes and tentacles expanding from the void, "Bane of AO! You fucker!"

Lucifer's magic expanded, sending waves of holy and cursed magic, shaking the world, "Abomination! You dare send a bug to harm my brother." He lifted his arm, conjuring a trident.

***

Cain looked around, feeling nothing around him. "They disappeared,"

"Was that really Lucifer? The devil lord?" Kayden stared at Cain, confused.

"It was him, the first angel and the first fallen angel," Cain replied, lifting his staff up to try and find them.

"Where did they go?" Kayden asked, "Should we chase after them?"

"No, I can't sense them in any spot of the world, that only means one thing," Cain growled, grinding his teeth, "He took silver outside the world sphere. Time in there flows slower than here by a lot. I doubt we can survive there at our current power."

Kayden stared at him, "So what now? We just go?"

"There is nothing we can do," Cain growled, "We should head back "Do you think he will do it?" Kayden stared at Cain.

"Not intentionally," Cain scratched his head, "Lucifer intends to and check on Father, and I should farm divine energy so I can fully build a safe haven in case Lucifer ends up blowing the world."

"Do you think he will do it?" Kayden stared at Cain.

"Not intentionally," Cain scratched his head, "Lucifer intends to fight Silver and the abomination outside, the world might get damaged in the middle of that."

Kayden sighed, "So it's not like he would hit it and then everything is gone."

"We're supposed to get strong enough to fight with him outside, we better get moving and find a way to get even stronger." Cain waved his staff, teleporting back back home.

Kayden looked at him as they landed in a room, "Won't you explore the first layer of hell?"

Cain shook his head, "Checking on father's condition comes first, that's for later."

He rushed through the door and into his father's room. He could see him lying on the bed with his mother standing beside him, "How is he doing?"

"He's asleep," Evelyn replied, "Suddenly appeared with a hint of your magic, did you do it?"

"We fought Silver, he intervened. Things got out of hand for a second and Lucifer ended up saving and healing him. I did send him back,"

"Lucifer? Did you meet your uncle? Wasn't he imprisoned?" Evelyn gasped.

"I don't know, We're sure he was chained down, but he broke out when my father got severely injured." Cain scratched his head, "We will learn why when I make a trip to the first layer of hell and check his cell."

Evelyn sighed, "Then, where is your uncle?"

"He's outside the world sphere fighting the abominations." He stared forward, "We must help him."

Evelyn smiled, "What the people of this world feared and hated, the devil lord Lucifer is now the only barrier between them and doom." She looked at Cain's face, "Don't worry about him, he might be a crybaby, but he's strong."

"I know that we will just get in his way if we get out now," He looked around, "We need to get stronger,"

Evelyn smiled, pointing toward the door, "Then get to it, you have your ways."