Chapter 828  A Stray Prayer

Cain approached the door and opened it. He walked out to the living room and sat on the couch. Thud! Relaxing his head back, he stared at the door, seeing Klara staring at him.

"Should I bring you anything?" She asked with a gentle bow.

"Probably some warm tea. It's been a while. How are you doing?" He smiled.

"Well and safe, thanks to you," She smiled. "The ladies are spread out across the realms and will be back soon,"

"I see," Cain sighed, "I need to rest a bit." He then stared at her, "Did you see Kayden?"

"Sir Kayden already left. I asked him to wait and grab something to eat, but he didn't." Klara replied, staring at the kitchen.

"Don't mind him, he just wanted to get back home as well," Cain smiled, "We spent a long time in that frozen wasteland,"

Klara bowed, "I will get you something to eat. Do you need anything else?"

Cain scratched his head, "I do need a bath." He smiled, "Bring me a cup of warm tea and ask someone to get the bath ready. I will eat after I get out,"

Klara nodded, "As you order," She then turned toward the kitchen and walked away, "Katherine, get the bath ready." She yelled, staring through the door.

Katherine ran across the hallway and down to the cellar. Cain looked at her, "You can use the system to get ready, can't you?"

She stared back, "I will get it done. I need the bucket from the cellar to clean the bath,"

Cain nodded and closed his eyes. 'It's hard to find a way to get stronger while being the strongest god, albeit I specialize in magic.'

He stared forward, a way to get stronger, power, divine magic, spells, curses, a world rule. 'No, changing the laws of the world can lead to disasters. I don't have AO's brain. So I can tune it all up. We have to keep working with what he left,'

DING! DING! As Cain thought, he could hear a faint voice knocking up on his conciseness.

Cain focused on the voice, quickly noting it was someone praying. No, pleading. 'Prayers should get diverged to the gods responsible for the region. They shouldn't reach me. Unless someone calls me by name, or someone I know,'

Cain focused even further on the voice, tracking its location. "A woman, she isn't calling me by name but is praying to whoever is listening, any god that can help her. I must know her," He closed his eyes, extending his senses toward her.

In the blink of an eye, he saw her, A tied woman crying as three men held her up to a tree with a rope, a little boy being tied and thrown in a cage in the back. "You're going to die here, bitch!" The men growled, kicking the woman in the guts, and sending her rolling on the ground.

"The gods will never forgive you!" She growled, "Give my son back!" She glared at them.

"Gods?" One of the men laughed, "What we care about is money, and what you own us," He smiled, "Sadly, the boss asked to kill you. What a waste," He sighed.

"Can't argue with him. She's dead sick. Her son is quite healthy and worth a penny, not her. Can't even have fun with her without getting bedridden,"

As Cain stared down from the heavens, he recognized the woman. She's the one with the almond tree, The one who was sick in the Ironlake domain.

The woman growled, grinding her teeth, "You aren't taking my son!" She screamed, pushing one of the men away with her shoulder, plucking the spear from his hand and pointing it at the rest.

The men laughed at her. And at their friend who fell on the ground. "Believe me, the rope is quicker and less painless than getting stabbed," One of them pointed at her.

"If you say so," A voice came from behind the main, a rope wrapping around his neck. He turned around, but only briefly caught a glimpse of white hair, his body hurled toward the tree where he was hanged.

The other men stared back, their friend struggling on the tree.

Cain smiled, lifting his hand and waving at the woman, "Hello, did you call for help?"

The woman stared at Cain, blinking twice, "You're that wizard," People with white hair are rare, and she won't forget the only one she saw in her life. "Cast a spell or something, my son! They are taking him!" She cried, and Cain looked back, the kid tied down in a cage with several others.

Thud! Thud! Thud! The men rushed in, surrounding Cain and pointing their weapons at him, growling like mad dogs. "Who are you?"

"How you dare kill Adern?"

"Skewer him alive!"

Cain looked around with a passive face, "Who am I?" He scratched his chin, "God, she called, and I'm here."

"Stop fucking with us!" They roared.

Cain looked at them, sighing, "I'm not. It's the truth, I'm god. Just don't want to release my aura here and brain-kill everyone around."

"Delusional bastard, magic doesn't make you a god, but a fancy killer with tricks," Another man growled.

"Probably," Cain nodded, "So, what's your problem with her?"

"Money," One of the men growled, "This land belongs to us. Those cockroaches have been living on it for months without paying us,"

Cain looked at the men, confused, "This land belongs to the gods. Why are you living on it without paying?"

"Stop with your words! She has a debt and must pay it, in gold." An armed man approached Cain and growled.

Cain nodded, "Fine, how much she owns?"

"Three hundred gold coins," The man smiled, "Pay in gold, wizard."

"You liar! You said it was one hundred!" The woman screamed.

"It's been a while. The price changed," He smiled.

Cain looked at the man, smiling, "Three hundred coins only? You're crying like babies over such a small penny," He laughed, "Three hundred is quite small. I will give you one thousand gold coins to fuck off," Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

The man smiled, "You said it yourself, rich boy. Now pay up,"

Cain lifted his palm, "Get ready to catch the gold. It will flow like rivers,"

As the men gathered to catch the rain of gold, Cain smiled, releasing a massive splash of molten gold.

The men gasped before they started screaming, the gold sticking to their skin, burning to the bones. As their growls boomed across the farmlands, the woman stared in horror and awe, "Was that a spell?"

Cain looked back, "I just borrowed some money from my wife," He then flicked his finger, sucking the molten gold back and sending it back to Zaleria's hoard.

He smiled, "Now I can loot it back up, simple, isn't it."

The woman smiled, bowing to Cain, "You're right. I can't thank you enough," She lifted her head, "I'm lucky you were close, thank the gods,"

Cain blinked, "I wasn't close. You called me, didn't you?"

"No, I prayed to god," She replied, confused.

"Yes you did, and I came," Cain nodded.

"We aren't on the same page. I prayed to god, not you." She tried to explain to him.

"I know, I'm that god." Cain smiled.