Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

ZON! Cain teleported back to his mansion, landing in the living room where he first left. In that instant, he could feel the intense aura rushing from the bath. Most of the girls were gathered there.

He smiled, "To think they grew this strong in a few weeks," He sent his staff into the maze as he walked toward the bath. With each of his steps, he could feel the girls' aura shift inside the bath. They could sense him as he can sense them.

He stood before the bath's door, extending his hand. "CAIN!" A familiar voice boomed from the ceiling. He looked up, seeing a ten-eyed woman with the lower torso of a spider staring at him with a weird smile.

"Lolth, I almost didn't recognize your aura," He said with a smile, and she landed beside him, hugging him with her multiple arms.

"Do you know how long have I waited for you to come back?" She said with a blushing face.

Cain patted her head, "Sorry, I've had a lot of work. I went through the hells," He could see her body shifting into a humanoid shape.

A purple-ish woman with a thin build and long white hair, red eyes, and a scary smile on her face.

"How many times have you been reborn?" Cain asked, and Lolth stared back at him, "Over nine thousand times, and I finally got my lucky draw,"

"What kind of power is it?"

"The world's spider, I can see and weave the threads of fate to a certain degree. Probably a byproduct of me trying to roll a lucky body with Gracie's help." She explained, and Cain nodded, "I see. Let's go inside. I'm sure the rest are waiting for us."

Cain opened the bath door and walked into the changing room, seeing Klara and Jemima waiting for him.

The two maids bowed, "Shall we help you, master,"

"Call me Cain. No need for master," Cain replied with a smile as he stood before the clothes basket, and the two maids started stripping him.

"How about me?" Lolth stared at Klara with a sad face, touching her silky white clothes.

"You have your angels," Klara stared at her, and Jemima nodded, "Call them,"

With a sight, Lolth clapped her hand, and two drow women emerged out of nowhere, "Mistress," They bowed.

"Help me take my clothes off," She extended her arms, and the angels started stripping her.

Cain looked back, stealing a glance at Lolth, "You look better,"

"Thank you," Lolth replied with a smile, "And if you just know how you look to me now that I waited for all this time," She giggled.

"Follow me," Cain was about to walk into the bath, but he stopped, looking back at Klara and Jemima, "Come here,"

The two maids approached him, "Do you need something?" Jemima asked.

"Take your clothes off. Aren't you joining the bath?" He asked, and Klara nodded with a smile, "We will,"

As the maids started stripping, Cain looked at the two angels Lolth summoned, "You two as well,"

The two angels panicked, "But sir, we don't dare such a thing," They replied with shaking voices. He could hear the terror inside their souls. They wanted to join but feared Lolth and the other goddesses' wrath.

"There is nothing to fear if I'm the one to call you in," Cain said and looked at Lolth, "What do you say?"

"Anything you wish, my lord," She replied.

"Heard her? Now, take your clothes and come with us,"

****

The moment Cain opened the bath's door, he got tackled by two girls, Selena and Lilia.

Selena rubbed her head on him like a hungry cat, purring and sniffing his neck as her claws held tightly to his shoulders. Lilia, on the other hand, rubbed her body on his leg with a happy smile on her face, "It's been a while," She said.

Cain tried to push the two girls away, but he stopped as the shadows engulfed him. He looked up, seeing every single girl in his harem, naked, glaring down at him.

He waved his hand, "It's been a while. How have you been doing?"

Thud! Alice stepped on his face with an angry glare, "Missed you a lot. What took you so long?"

"I had a lot of work. Silver was a pain to deal with," He giggled.

"Not that! Where did you go after you came? We've been waiting for half an hour." She growled.

"Ah, about that. A woman prayed to any god, and I happened to hear her, so I went to help," He tried to sit, and Selena and Lilia moved and sat beside him.

Cain stood, "Let me wash first, then we can have fun. For now, I will tell you what happened in the meantime." He walked toward the shower and stood there as Lexi and Amaya started cleaning him. But as he was there, he felt something on his flesh.

"I said wait," He sighed.

"Come on," Lilia replied, "You can't tell me no," She said, already sucking on him.

"Fine." Cain then started explaining what happened.

"Abomination, entities created at the primordial chaos of the beginning of the world. Those are the things we will be fighting from now on," Cain looked back at the girls, "They resemble chimeras, ugly and deformed monstrosities with unimaginable power. To Kill them, I need you girls to get a lot stronger."

"How much?" Hati asked in the back, "You have any idea?"

Cain thought about it for a moment, "Be at least as strong as Zaleria is now, or Sofia to be safe. That's the bare minimum to stand a chance."

The girls gasped and started whispering, "Isn't that too high of a ceiling? Are you sure those abominations are that strong?" Mary asked as she saw the other girls scared, "You know Sofia is the chromatic dragon goddess, right?"

Cain nodded, "I know, let me show you something," He tapped Lilia's head, and she stopped sucking him, "I will channel enough power to rival an average abomination. Those of you who can remain standing are ready."

The girls looked at each other and nodded, "Do it," Said Hati.

Cain waved his hands, "Well, here you go,"

Hati looked at Cain and soon felt a strange sensation wash over her body. Her stomach twisted her head clenched. Her vision focused only on Cain as her teeth started shaking, and her knees gave up as she pissed herself. The one standing before her isn't the man she loves. He's a monster coming to rip her apart bite by bite, a monster that her very soul rejects.

"What do you say?" Cain stared at them, and most of the girls fell on their faces, shaking.

ZOFFF! He stopped his magic, and the girls gasped, finally able to breathe but nowhere near standing again. The only ones left were Sofia, Kossuth, Lilia, Gracie, Selena, Zaleria, and...CRACK! Cain felt something hug him from the back, so tight he almost broke a rib.

"GARA!" Tarra grunted behind him. His aura woke her up from her sleep.

"Tarra, good morning," He said with a smile, "It's been a while."

Tarra wasn't letting go of him. Her strength far outmatched him. Unlike the other girls, she had lived since the abomination existed and had fought them countless times in the past. In fact, she had fed on them even.

Tarra started sniffing Cain and then licked his neck before letting go of him. She had checked if he was food or not.

"Tarra, do you mind sitting there and waiting for a bit?" Cain asked her, and she obliged, taking a seat on one of the marble chairs, watching as the other girls slowly got back on their feet.

Cain went back to the shower, "Please continue," He said with a smile, looking at Lexi and Amaya.

"You scared them a lot," Lexi said.

"But they asked for it," Amaya cut her.Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Lexi started washing Cain's chest, slowly going through it while admiring his back.

Amaya on the other hand started washing his chest, sitting right in front of his flesh.

"Move a bit!" Lilia came in crawling between Amaya's and Cain to finish sucking him off.

"I'm washing him," Amaya growled.

"I'm not bothering you," Lilia stared at her, "And don't worry, everyone will get their turn,"

"No, you are," Amaya grabbed Lilia by the head, pulling her away.

Lilia flailed her legs as Amaya lifted her by the head. She growled, "Let me go. I need to go!"

Amaya turned her head to look toward the corner where Tarra was sitting and did some hand signs, "Food, more, this one, down,"

Tarra's eyes flashed yellow as they shifted to look like her monster form. With one step, she appeared beside Lilia.

"Wait," Lilia gasped, but Tarra didn't care, pulling her by the arms away. No matter how she struggles, Tarra won't let her go.

Alice and Amaterasu sat in the corner, watching Tarra drag Lilia away, "Such raw power. It doesn't matter if Lilia is serious or not," Alice said.

Amaterasu waved her hand, pulling a golden Biwa, "Those days might be our last peaceful ones," DING! DING!

"Cain," She looked toward him, "How many of us do you think would die?"

"None as long as you follow orders and don't be reckless," Cain stared back at her, "Can't say the same for mortals,"

"I see," Amaterasu looked around, her eyes passing by the maids, Sarah and her sister Noel, "Mortals, that includes you."