Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 830 Kayden's Orphanage

At the human capital, Kayden landed beside an old house. He approached the door, knocking, "I'm back,"

CLICK! The door opened, and a woman stared out, seeing Kayden staring at her, "Who you might be?" She asked with a scared face.

"Lily, I came for her." Kayden replied, and they could hear Lily call from the inside, "Diola, that's Kayden. Let him in,"

"Heh?" Diola gasped, "This is your husband? I expected someone, well, taller," She looked back.

"Kayden!" Kali rushed across the hallway, jumping at Kayden with a smile on her face, "I missed you,"

Diola lifted Kali up and stared at her, "How many times have I told you to call him father?"

"Kayden is Kayden!" Kali cried, flailing her arms trying to get down.

Kayden looked around, hearing children laugh in the back, his eyes shifted aside and looked at the large sigh at the wall. "Rivertown's Orphanage,"

"How are you doing?" Kayden walked inside, looking at the walls, "This place looks run down,"

"I only came here five days ago," Lily walked out of the kitchen, wiping her hands as she lowered her head to get through the door. Unlike Kayden who was six feet tall, she was ten.

"I did hire some workers to repair the place, they should come to start the work tomorrow. And winter is close, I was about to take that time to go chop some wood in the forest." She added, pointing at a large wood axe in the back.

"Kali has been working as well! Those children will never start or feel sad with me here," She stood, puffing her chest.

"You did great," Kayden patted her head.

"Is there anything else I should know about?" Kayden looked around and Diola approached him, "There is one problem."

"Diola, I told you there is no need to worry about them. They don't have any ground." Lily stared at her, "No matter how much they try,"

"What is it?" Kayden asked.

"The neighboring farmer has been trying to claim the orphanage's land as his. He didn't try to kick us out, but won't stop talking about how he owns the land and that we're only living here thanks to him." Lily explained, "Not sure about if he owns the land though, the orphanage has been here for decades."

Kayden nodded, "Should I kill him?"

"No!" Lily sighed, "That's too aggressive, and I doubt he has any ground since he's only been talking about it and never doing anything."

"Kali, what do you think?" Kayden asked her, she's a goddess after all, and might know something.

"Asking her?" Diola stared at them. "What does Kali think?" She didn't know Kali's true identity, for all she knew, she was Kayden and Lily's daughter.

"Both, he's right and wrong," Kali replied, "He owns the land to the extent of being assigned to this portion by the royal court. But, orphanages are protected and he shouldn't be able to kick us out. On another hand, all land of the kingdom is owned by the king and he doesn't own it in a real sense."

"So Baltos should be able to solve this?" Kayden asked and Kali nodded.

Kayden stood, "I will be back." ZON! His body disappeared from their view, scaring Diola to the bones. "Where did he go?"

Lily sighed, "Causing troubles," she grabbed her face, and Kayden immediately appeared back, an old man in his hand. "Wait! Where am I?" Baltos cried.

Diola immediately recognized the king and cried, jumping away.

"Kayden! That's the king, put him down," Lily growled and Kayden obliged.

Baltos stood, disoriented for a brief moment before finally calming down, "Ahem, Can I get an explanation?" He looked at Kayden, "You came out of nowhere,"

Kayden and Lily explained the situation and Baltos nodded, "He indeed doesn't. He's probably trying to use you for fame."

"Then, should I kill him?" Kayden asked and Baltos stared at him, "Please don't, I do have a simple solution," He looked at them with a smile, "I don't think the kingdom needs cotton anymore, I will assign him to almond farms in the mountainside. This should leave you here at ease,"

"Old man!" Kali shouted, standing tall and staring at Baltos, "Build me a temple, with a shrine here."

"Kali!" Diola rushed in, "I will take her to play with the other kids,"

"No, leave her," Baltos lifted his hand, "A church won't do?"

"No! I want a temple with a shrine," She stared at Baltos.

Baltos looked at Lily and Kayden and they both waved their hands, ^Just do what she says,^

Baltos stood, "I will see it done as soon as possible, it never hurts,"

"Wait what?" Diola gasped.

Kayden and Baltos walked out of the orphanage, "A temple to Kali, this will spark some conflict,"

"The nobles' thoughts don't matter," Kayden replied and Baltos sighed.

"They indeed don't. Not when the goddess herself is present." He smiled, "I will deal with it, what else do you have to do?"

"Chop wood," Kayden replied, pointing at the forest.

"I could send you some of the royal stock,"

"That would take some time, I can chop all of what we need in seconds," Kayden looked toward the forest and ten trees fell, chopped into Firewood in the blink of an eye. He cut them so fast the heat dried them instantly. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"Well then," Baltos turned around, "Any news from Cain? Or should call him the overgod?"

"Cain is Cain, but he's back. Currently busy with his wives, but should come down soon." Kayden replied, "Did you need him?"

"The neighboring kingdoms have been sending countless demands for answers about the white mage, and asking about how to contact him." Baltos scratched his beard, "They want a share of his power,"

"Cain might hush them away," Kayden replied.

"I don't think so, my daughter Sarah has been working behind the scenes to increase Cain's influence, she might have something in mind," Baltos replied and Kayden stared at him.

"Then, wait for her to come back in a few days."