Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 831 Bath Of The Gods

With a smile on his face, Cain looked at the girls as he walked toward the edge of the hot bath. They approached him one after the other, and he lifted one hand.

"One at a time, as you used to before." He said.

Sofia smiled, giggling as she walked forward with the water splashing around her hips, "Really? I'm first, but I'm sure you can take more than one," She turned around, signaling for the girls to come.

Alice, Selena, and Gracie walked forth behind her as they surrounded Cain.

"It's been a while," Alice said with a grin, licking her lips.

"He said he wanted one at a time-nya," Selena said, looking at the other three. "NYA?!" She gasped, seeing Gracie already sucking Cain without warning.

"Since when!" Sofia gasped as she rushed in, followed by Alice. "Stop! We didn't decide how to start!" Alice cried as the two tried to pull Gracie away.

"First come, first served," Gracie growled as the two girls pulled her by the legs, her mouth still wrapped around Cain's flesh and refusing to let go.

"Selena! Help!" Alice cried, glaring at her with a worried face.

"Understood-nya!" She gasped, grabbing Cain by the head and pulling him away.

"GAAAAAA!" Cain growled, feeling his flesh ripped from his body, his neck stretching as the girls almost ripped him in half.

"You will kill him," Lilia growled, walking in and grabbing Cain's left foot, "I will take him away,"

"Stop pulling him apart!" Amaterasu growled, grabbing Cain by the right leg and trying to pull him away.

"You idiot!" Selune cried, "You're killing him!" She started pulling him by the right arm. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"Leave him alone for a while!" Hati and Marina started pulling on Cain's left hand.

Cain looked at the ceiling as the girls fought, stretching his body to the limit as if wanting to rip him apart.

^I'm sure I asked for only so this won't happen.^ He sighed internally, looking at the girls around him.

"Help," He cried.

Thud! Thud! Thud! Thud! Kossuth walked forth with a smile on her face, grabbing Sofia by the head, "He's mine," CRACK! With one powerful swing, she threw her back into the water.

The girls stopped, staring at her for a second, "What did you..." CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! In the blink of an eye, she grabbed Gracie by the throat, forcing her to let go of Cain's flesh, and threw her back. She then punched Alice away and kicked Selena to the wall.

Amaterasu, Lilia, and Selune stared at her for a second, "You dare..." SLAP! With one swing of her palm, she slapped Lilia across the room and swung Amaterasu by the hair, slamming her onto Selune and sending them both rolling.

Thud! Cain felt on his butt, "Awe!" He stared up, seeing Kossuth standing over him. "You did clear them up,"

"Mating is for those strong enough to get it," Kossuth replied. She smiled, pushing Cain down and sitting on his hips. She looked back, "Any challenger?"

"Forget it," Lilia waved her hand, "We all will have our turns eventually do what you want," She said with a tired face.

The other girls stared at each other, quickly deciding that fighting over Cain wouldn't help any of them get to it any faster. After all, everything is happening because he didn't bother resisting.

With a smile on her face, Kossuth pushed Cain deeper into her, "Then it's my win,"

"Are you sure about that?" Cain said, grabbing her by the face. "You don't like it when you're in control, right?" In the blink of an eye, she was lying on her back with him on top of her.

Kossuth smiled, "You really... GAH!" She gasped as he thrust deeper and deeper into her, each pound rattling her hips.

The other girls stared at them for a moment, then went back to sitting in the hot water.

"Those abominations, do you think we can beat them?" Alice looked at Amaterasu.

"Asking me? How about her?" Amaterasu pointed toward Lilia.

"There are many types of abominations, but let's say they are creatures from the times before AO set rules for the world. Monsters that existed before the creation of this world." Lilia explained.

"I doubt they are the same. What is their weakest?" Sofia asked, "Can we create an army that cleans them off?"

Lilia scratched her head, "The weakest are called black sludges. They are a mass of ever-morphing living cells that rain down from the sky and form into large oozes and feed on Mana, and you don't want to let them touch you.

"A large ooze? Like slimes?" Alice looked at Lilia, "And I expect that magic doesn't work on them since they feed on mana."

lightsΝοvel.cοm

"You're right, but they are also extremely resistant to physical attacks making them extremely hard to kill. The best way to deal with them is by using word rules." Lilia looked at them with a smile, "Do any of you know what a work rule is?"

"No," Sofia replied.

"A word rule the rules nature walks by, like the fact if you dropped an apple it falls to the ground, the fact that flames fade without air and other things like that," [Basically, its physics]

Amaterasu nodded, "I see. Then if I faced a black ooze, I would use magic to lift a massive boulder. Use that boulder to scope the black sludge and throw them into water or in an air-tight seal made of natural elements like stones or metal so their cells can suffocate to death."

"That's right," Lilia looked at her with a smile, "You don't want to hit them directly with magic as they will eat and multiply, and you don't want to waste your energy trying to hack at them with weapons."

"We're going to have a bad time if this was the weakest of them," Alice scratched her head.

"The second weakest are called the crawlers," Lilia looked at Sofia, "Massive crab-like crustation that has an unbreakable, magic-reflecting shell and extreme regeneration. Guess where they regenerate from."

"The head-nya?" Selena replied, imagining herself eating a massive crab by the head.

"It's their hard shell. You can't kill them without breaking their strongest defense." Lilia smiled, and suddenly, Kossuth tapped her shoulder, "I'm done, Sofia is next,"

Sofia stood and headed toward Cain while the others kept talking, "I was listening," Said Kossuth, "What is their strongest?"

"Hecatoncheires, the oldest of the abomination, born from proto-deities in the early in the multiverse's history. At the beginning of time, all things were possible. The definition of form and function for living things was yet not set, and in that time were born the Hecatoncheires, the hundred-handed ones." Lilia stared at the girls.

"The Hecatoncheires are huge, standing from anywhere between thirty feet to thirty miles in height. And like a living tree, bulging with knobby balls. They have one hundred arms and fifty heads. Words fail to describe the monstrosity of their form or the brutality of their visage. They are always armed, grabbing great swords, boulders, bones, and the corpses of their enemies in each arm." Lilia waved her hand, "Immune to magic and physical attacks, and on top of that, they can attack hundreds of times in a fraction of a second,"

"If they were that durable, how can we beat them?" Kossuth stared at Lilia, "You sure have a plan."

"I have, but let me finish their powers first. Upon taking damage, they can summon another Hecatoncheire. This usually ends up turning a fight against a single abomination into facing tens if not hundreds of them at the same time. Their heads aren't for show either. Their intelligence is through the roof, and they bite as well. The catch is that each steals a shard of their enemy's power permanently with each bite, rendering even the gods into weak mortals upon getting bitten several times."

Kossuth looked back toward Tarra, "Did she face them?"

"Her race was driven into extinction by them, But I'm sure she ate hundreds of Hecatoncheire in her life." Lilia replied, "What I'm trying to say is that if we fought one now, most of your girls would die, and we wouldn't even have your souls left to revive you."

"Now, tell us how to kill them." Alice stared at Lilia.

"It's simple, really," She giggled, "Eat them. That's the only way to permanently dispatch a Hecatoncheire, or hit them with enough divine magic. They can't absorb that as well as normal magic."

"So my heaven's strike should harm them," Alice smiled.

"They are prey-nya! Tell us that before-nya,"

Hati looked at Lilia, "Worried, that means most of us can't really fight."

"That's a true statement, but you should be able to fight well. If you get your head straight and get to understanding your bloodline. Nine-tailed wolf, Fenrir."

AH! Sofia walked between them, holding her hips, "Lilia, your turn,"

Lilia jumped with a smile on her face, "Cain!" She flew toward him in the blink of an eye, leaving everyone thinking.

"With this, it's not a matter of danger. It's who would die first," Mary looked at them, worried.