Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 832 Rumbling of the End

Cain walked out of the bath, drying his hair as he headed toward the living room. "Sofia, keep an eye on the chromatic dragons around the world," He said.

"Why is that?" Sofia replied. As the chromatic dragon goddess Tiamat, she's been taking a hands-off approach to ruling her domain.

"We can't know for sure how long Lucifer would hold against the abominations. And there is still the possibility that some would slip past him. I guess that the dragons are the first to clash with them if they get into the mortal world." He stared at her.

"Dragons are territorial creatures," Sofia scratched her chin, "They would attack,"

"That's it. I want you to keep an eye on them and tell me of any attack, we can't let the abominations slip through the world. Even their weakest is far worse than any natural disaster." Cain sat on the couch, looking toward the kitchen, "Lexi, can you get me some tea?"

"At once!" She replied from the kitchen.

"Do you think dragons would defeat an abomination?" Sofia asked.

Thud! Alice walked into the room, "I guess that would depend on the dragon's age, their weapons, and how experienced they are."

Cain nodded, "I would say it would take at least a wyrm to overpower even the weakest of abominations. But a lucky ancient dragon that figured out an abomination's weakness might be able to take it down by risking his life."

"Lucifer is an archon, not a god, right?" Alice stared at Cain, "How could he stand to them?"

"Lucifer, or as he's known now Asmodeus. He isn't any archon, he's AO's Archon. His power is far above any god. You can't put him and the current archons on the same plate." Cain looked at Alice, "Right now, we have to get ready for war. I've been planning to move all mortals here to keep them from getting killed,"

"This domain is big, but I won't say it's as large as the mortal world," Lolth replied, "You remember this one is built in one of my cocoons, right?"

"I do," Cain replied, "I was thinking of merging other cocoons into it, and then linking it to the maze to create a mirror of the mortal world. We can transport the mortals to live here, and then use this mirror to repair the mortal world after the war."

"I would call this a plan," Amaterasu walked in, sitting beside Cain, "Repairing the whole world would take so much energy it might kill you unless you have another plan."

"I do have one," Lilia appeared above Cain's head, sitting on his shoulders with her legs wrapped around his neck. "A Mana charge, we can store enough mana for the job and then use that to repair the world. A simple solution but it might take time."

Amaterasu nodded, "The world can wait after the war, no one would mind waiting a century or two for the world to get repaired."

"That's it," Lilia smiled, "Or, Cain can get strong enough to repair it,"

"You're asking the impossible," Amaterasu stared at her.

"What do you say?" Lilia looked at Cain's face, "Can you do it?"

"Depends on how many power sources I have, worshippers or draconic souls would both work," Cain replied.

"Draconic souls and worshippers," Lilia scratched her chin and stared at the girls, "We can solve the worshippers' problem,"

Cain looked at Lilai with an exhausted face, "You aren't thinking of making them worship me as their god."

"What's the harm in it? Having gods worship you would be worth millions if not billions of believers," Lilia looked at them with a smile.

ZON! Aria appeared out of nowhere, "That could save us time and resources, but on the other hand, the girls won't get any stronger from it."

"Said what I was thinking off," Cain pointed at her with a smile, "It won't do for me to be alone the strong one. We need more people. I can't be fighting in one place while Sofia getting killed in another place."

Aria stared at him, "I'm you. Of course, I would think the same," She sighed.

Sofia stared at Cain, "I have a suggestion," She scratched her chin, "Can we suck mana from you? Like I was doing before,"

"Focus on making him as strong as possible and his mana pool as big as it gets, and then we share that power," Alice scratched her chin.

"So it would be, Our power. Not, his or my power." Amaterasu giggled, "That could be interesting, a pantheon of gods that share the same pool of divine magic."

"The elder gods," Lilia said with a smile, "Me and Marina are the only ones in it now. Anyone willing to join?"

****

Balgun of the east north, a large kingdom known for its frozen north side and deserted south side, variety of monsters and people across its large land.

The heat of the desert and the cold of the tundra meet in the middle of hills. Between the dark shadows of the dead bushes in the desert and the reflected light of the sun on the white snow, the sapphire sky above cracked.

One black raindrop fell from the crack, racing toward the ground as all the animals struggling to survive stopped moving, staring toward it.

FSHHHHHHHHHH! The droplet fell right between the sand and snow, burning the ground like acid as a black gust of smoke gushed from it.

The animals cried, running away the moment they smelled the horrid stench.

BA-Dump! BA-dump! The black lump pulsated like a heart, growing larger and larger with each passing second.

The black sludge burbled as it grew larger, eating the ground for nourishment.

"Hmm, what's that?" A man approached from the scorching sand hills riding a camel. "Did something catch on fire?"

He dismounted from the camel and walked forth, covering his mouth with a piece of cloth due to the horrid stench.

GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR! The camel screamed, and the man turned around. It had disappeared.

GRAA! GRAAA! GRAAAA! He could hear the animal's cries all around him as if it was dragged across the ground.

"Fuck this!" He cried, running away as fast as he could.

The ground shook beneath his feet, "GODS!" He cried, knowing his end was near.

CRACKLE! A flash of lightning fell from the sky, striking the black smoke and exploding into a magnificent rose. The blast sends the man rolling on the sand, breaking his arm.

"What," He gasped, looking back to see the sad had turned into glass from the heat. All the smoke had disappeared, and a massive black lump of flesh pulsed with a red light like a heart.

The man turned back and stared up, his eyes barely distinguishing the massive beast from the blue sky. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"Thunder roar!" He cried, seeing the evil dragon ruling this wasteland diving to the ground.

"Get out of my land! You fucking ooze!" The dragon roared, unleashing a second breath without wasting a second.

Seeing the dragon fighting the ooze, the man ran away as fast as he could. ^The only good thing about living in an evil dragon domain is that you only have to worry about him. He will kill any other threat that enters his land.^

He looked back, seeing thunder roar jumps behind the ooze, swinging his claw. ^I have to inform the oasis, we need to get a sacrifice ready and some gold. When thunder roars, he won't be happy.^

One hour late, the people in the oasis could hear the dragon's wing flaps from the distance. They rushed to look at the sky, but soon their smiles faded.

Thunder roar flew at toward them slowly, blood dripping from his body, missing an arm and a leg. His wings filled with holes and half his scales were ripped apart, he missed his horn an eye, and half his tail.

BAM! The dragon fell to the ground, crashing right outside the oasis, and bleeding.

Terrified, the people rushed toward him. "You! Bring the shaman, and you head back there and see if that monster is dead," A man shouted, calling the shaman to heal the dragon while sending a man to make sure the ooze was dead. This was the first time they saw thunder roar this injured, and they couldn't be sure if he won or ran away.

"Come on, stay with us. You're the evil dragon that terrorized this land for thousands of years. You can't die right now." The man cried, and Thunder's roar opened one eye for a second before going back to sleep.

The dragon might have been evil, but the people couldn't survive here without him. He provides protection from the giant scorpions and the terrifying sandworms, and in exchange, the native people pay him with gold and give him a maiden each year. This has been their lifestyle for thousands of years, and it is what allowed them to survive.

The scout rode a camel and rushed across the sand, soon reaching the battlefield.

"OH! Gods," He gasped, his eyes opening wide. A pile of rot encased in a titanic glass rose. The ooze is dead.

****

Back in the human kingdom, Kali ran beside the forest with the other kids, playing hide and seek. They laughed and ran around, but suddenly, one of them felt something standing behind him.

The kid slowly turned around, seeing a massive trunk of flesh with a hundred arms and fifty heads staring at him. "A monster!" He cried and the Hecatonchire swung its sword, stopping at the last moment.

The Hecatonchire looked behind the kid, seeing Kali glaring at it with glowing pink eyes, "Kayden, rip it apart."

The Hecatonchire twitched, a chill running down its spine as she felt six eyes glaring at its back with bottomless blood lust. It turned around, seeing Kayden standing behind it, his sword drawn.

"A Demon?" The Hecatonchire gasped,