Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 833 You shouldn't have asked.

Kayden looked at the hecatonchire, "What are you?" His voice crackled like thunder. The monster could sense the demon's lord aura falling on its being like a massive boulder.

The hecatonchire wiggled in place, "GA! GAA! GRAAAAAA!" It growled, swinging its one hundred swords at Kayden in the blink of an eye.

"Fool," CLACK! Kayden landed behind the hecatonchire. All of the monster's arms fell on the ground, writhing like dying worms.

GWAAAAA! All fifty heads of the hecatonchire cried, screaming in agony as the arms healed. "It hurts!"

"I ask again," Kayden glared back, his six eyes glowing red as demonic magic burned from his body, "What are you?"

"A demon! Above all, demons." The hecatonchire cried, new blades emerging on its arms, "A demon lord, one blessed by the destroyers!"

"Kayden, that's a hecatonchire. Probably one of the abominations you said Cain mentioned." Kali said, standing back.

"GRWAAAAA!" The hecatonchire screamed, swinging its blades at Kayden as another hecatonchire materialized behind Kali.

"GEH! YAAAAAAAAA!" The second hecatonchire swung at Kali with an unmatched speed.

As if time itself halted, the hecatonchire stopped right before hitting Kali, shaking in its blade of terror as it spotted the pink glow in the little girl's eyes.

Out of all the gods, most of them were granted portfolios based on objects, or powerful concepts that made them strong by utilizing that domain.

Kali, out of all the gods, had one of the strongest portfolios. When it comes to pure carnage, as the current goddess of destruction after her father Ashura, her means of violence knew no end.

CLANG! CLANG! In the blink of an eye, Kayden flashed over the hecatonchire and sliced all of its heads, "You're fast, but not as me," He mumbled. ^This one might have killed that black cat girl with Cain,^ He could imagine Selena losing to this hecatonchire. No, the demon's lords eyes couldn't see wrong. Selena won't stand a chance at her current speed and strength against this thing. It would be like throwing a cat into a blender.

Discounting Chad and Lilia as their power cannot doesn't seem clear. Kayden sees himself and Cain fighting for the strongest spot. A magic monster and a martial monster. Two faces of the same coin, white and black, holy and demonic.

Thud! Kayden landed behind the hecatonchire with blood gushing out of the abomination heads.

He sheathed his blade, ready for a draw strike.

BAM! A third hecatonchire emerged beside the orphanage, swinging directly at the building.

"Mutt," Kayden growled, and everyone stopped moving. The children inside the orphanage fell unconscious, and Diola pissed herself as she heard his growl. She didn't have words to understand that the voice belonged to an enraged power beyond her understanding.

"Your existence," Kayden growled, "It crawls on my skin like ticks. Mad dogs attacking everyone in sight, you drive even me insane," He took one step forward, and his bloodlust washed over the whole kingdom, shaking its very foundation.

"There is no training you. Death is the lone way for a dog that bears its fang on its masters." Veins bulged on his head, seeing a horrid chimera abomination, standing beside the children's orphanage.

Kali sighed, "Don't go all out here. You will kill everyone in the kingdom." She then smiled, "Wait, I can do something about it!"

CLAP! She clapped her hands cheerfully, and the scenery in front of Kayden changed. He, Kali, Lily, and the hecatonchire stood in the middle of the wastelands of the abyss.

"The Abyss?" One of the hecatonchire gasped, but their existence didn't last long. As if before time itself could move, thousands of slashes washed over the abomination, cutting them as fine as sand.

BOOM! The air burned from Kayden's sheer speed as he landed behind the ashes in his full demonic form.

"Three down, but it isn't over," Kali said with a smile, sitting on a large stone and wiggling her legs.

As the three hecatonchires died, another three appeared out of nowhere. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"Is there no end to them? The more we kill, the more appeare?" Lily gasped.

Kali stared at the new hecatonchires and then waved her hand to Kayden with a smile, "Daddy! Don't attack them!" She shouted, and Lily stared at her, "You call him daddy now? That would have saved us a lot of problems if you did it at the orphanage."

Thud! Kayden jumped to their side, "You know to kill them without more showing up?"

With a smile on her face, Kali pulled her eyelid down as she glared at the hecatonchires. "Those creatures are interesting. They are formed from the proto-souls that existed before the world was formed. That is why they look like fifty humans mixed together."

"How is that supposed to help us?" Kayden asked, "Should I find a way to cut souls?"

"It's the opposite, we shouldn't do that." She jumped down from her seat. "All souls are intelligent, whether they end up in animals or humanoids at the end." She opened her hands, putting one palm on the other with a grin on her face. "I can fix them,"

She clapped her palms together and one of the hecatonchire got crushed into black mist, and no other one spawned.

"Instead of trying to kill those souls, causing more to be pulled from wherever dark hole they came from, I tried to stabilize and release them into the world, so they can be born. Instead of being stuck as those things," Kali said as the other two hecatonchires went into a rage, seeing one of them disappear without any coming back.

"Here you go!" With a smile on her face, Kali stomped twice on the ground, and the two hecatonchires disappeared.

"Reborn as what? Hopefully nothing dangerous." Lily stared at her and Kali shook her head, pointing with one finger at where the hecatonchires were.

"The first one was quite unstable, so its souls ended up as maggots at the bottom of the sea. The second was surprisingly decent, I made it into a demon larva for the demons of the abyss to feed on. And the last one is a bit disappointing, Barely could sustain life so I diverted it into rats, but they would die before getting born even." Kali shook her head, "I did my best though,"

"That's impressive," Kayden patted her head.

"Kali is smart, isn't she..." She smiled but then took a serious face, "This might be a way to deal with them, but I feel like a stone is stuck in my stomach, filtring so much filth isn't pleasant. Aunty Umberlee would die from trying to clean even one. I just happened to have so much raw power due to my countless portfolios and lineage."

"We have to get this to Cain's attention. He might have enough power to filter those things," Lily said and Kali smiled, "Uncle Cain might be able to, but I doubt he should. We need him healthy and his power clean to fight the strongest of those creatures."

Kayden nodded, "I'm sure Cain already knows of this, his senses are sharp, and we're in the abyss."

"You're right," Kali waved her hand, "I will get us back," And with one clap, they returned to the orphanage.

****

In Cain's mansion, he sighed, scratching his head, "Kayden and Kali already dispatched six hecatonchires," He said and the girls stared at him.

"Those things are already showing up?" Sofia gasped.

"Don't panic, when Lucifer went outside the sphere he was bound to open a hole to get out. Some must have slipped before he could lock it back up," Cain replied with a tired face. "I would know if he lost or if a large number of those things approached."

"How many are out there?" Nemmoxon asked.

"Five black sludges and five hecatonchires, not counting the ones summoned when they get hurt. Kayden cleared one of the hecatonchires, Mechanus had dealt with the rest. For those sludges, a blue dragon killed one, a white dragon froze one and the rest got killed by natural disaster as they spawn in places of great chaos." Cain explained, "No need for us to panic, yet,"

Nemmoxon sighed in relief and the other girls looked at Cain, "How much time do we have?" Zaleria asked.

"Hmmm," Cain started thinking, scratching his chin, "If I thought of Lucifer's strength, and how much the sphere of the world can hold. I would say between a week to a month. But I could be wrong,"

"How about we forget about the abomination and head straight for the AO," Lilia suggested and Cain stared at her. "That could be a plan, but the cosmic guards are shitholes and they will stall us. We would just end up stuck between the hoards of abomination and the cosmic guards."

"You're right, but we could probably power through the guards with a well-placed attack." Lilia sighed, scratching her chin.

"Can't your forbidden knowledge help us?" Alice asked, "You know a lot, right?"

Lilia stared at her, "You know it's called forbidden knowledge for a reason. There is nothing to gain, and everything to lose by knowing it."

"But you got that strong by surpassing your own forbidden knowledge," Alice stared at her.

"Now listen, I spent billions of years amassing knowledge, living many lives as an unbeatable entity. Then I learned that my only way of survival is sucking on his toes for the rest of time." She pointed at Cain, "That means all of my life and unlife work almost went in smoke, that drives people insane."

"Yeah, but it worked for you." Alice glared at her.

"I know what you shouldn't know, and I'm telling you it's better you don't know," Lilia growled.

"Tell Cain! He will decide," Alice pointed at Cain.

Lilia stared back, "Fine, but," She glared at Cain, "But, if you think she shouldn't learn of it. I will have her punished till she begs me to spare her,"

Cain looked at Alice, "Do you agree? Lilia can be nasty with her punishments,"

"No need for mysteries," Lilia looked at Alice, "I will have you please every woman here, and spank you till you beg me to let you please them again. I don't want you or anyone else asking about forbidden knowledge again."

"I agree," Alice said with a smile, her fists on her hips.

Lilia stared at Cain, sending Alice's forbidden knowledge right to his head.

"Damn it," Cain sighed, "Alice, you're getting punished, no learning this is good for you,"

"What?" Alice gasped.

"Come on! Come on!" Lilia extended her foot forward, "Start licking, you have a lot to go through!"

Cain sighed in the back, ^Her human parents fathered her humanoid body, the one I destroyed, and her brother Jack killed her human soul and replaced it with a devil soul pulled by from the hells. Alice Furberg is already dead, she's someone else. Lucifer's daughter, it's her father sacrificing his life against the abominations now. Her devil mother is Alice on the first layer of hell, a pure devil.^

Cain scratched his head, "Even shouldn't have known that. Now all my plans have to shift," Cain stood, "Damn it!"

The girls stared at him in silence. ^Now I can't let Lucifer fight to the death, and I need to pull Alice's mother out of the hells before the abomination starts spawning there.^

Lilia stared back at Cain, "HAAA! It's affecting you, but it shouldn't be as bad as if Alice was the one to know." She sighed, "Don't think about it,"

"How can I not think about that now?" Cain stared back at Lilia.

"As I said, some things are better left unknown," She then turned toward Cain, "Well then, can everyone do as I say, at least this time?"

"What?" Cain looked at her.

"Forget about the second thing, it should be fine. We have to focus on the first one." Lilia said and Cain understood what she meant. He needs to forget about Alice's mother as she would be fine, but he has to focus on saving Lucifer.

"Okay, what's then?" Cain asked.

"Go to the ninth layer of hell, you will find some people, drag them here."