Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 835 Into the Ninth Layer of the Hells

Cain walked into the massive ice cave, carefully stepping over the white shards as he looked at passages leading deeper and deeper into the ground. Soon, he found a blue hole extending into the ground almost infinitely.

"There are people there I must get out, but I suspect the evil within to be unbearable. The most heinous of sinners and the most extreme of devils live there. The brass sabbath will whip and grill the doomed for all eternity. Each session of agony feels as fresh as the first one as their flesh grows and heals." Cain looked down the hole, "Probably I don't want them knowing a god came in, so let's do something about that." With a wave of his hand. He suppressed all the magic inside his body, dropping it to almost zero. He can still his full power, but one would guess his identity.

With a step, he jumped into the hole feet first. The longer he fell, the faster he got, the blue walls zipping around him as he could smell the acid.

"The walls changed. This is frozen Acid." He mumbled, touching the wall with his hands, "Almost as strong as yours,"

^Come on. It's not even close,^ Morena replied from inside his head. ^This Acid is weak enough to be frozen by Cania. Mine is so volatile it heats itself.^

"It's not weak to be frozen by Cania. That's the eighth layer of hell. It should be baffling that something didn't get frozen." Cain giggled, "You're amazing, Morena."

^Focus, we're entering the ninth layer.^ Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

SWOSH! The ice around Cain quickly shifted into stones as black smoke rushed from the darkness, feeling the ever-shrinking tunnel He dropped through.

PUFF! After a while, Cain emerged for a massive ceiling, dropping through black clouds crackling with lightning as the ground slowly came into view.

Endless fields of hot obsidian with rivers of molten lava, lightning crackled from the ground and up to the sky, and the smell of burnt flesh filled the air.

As Cain looked to the side, he could see a storm of lightning and flames racing at high speed, ripping everything in its path as it lifted red-hot stones from the ground and rained them down like hail.

Looking in the other direction he could see endless fields of sinners impaled on red-hot iron spikes, growling and crying as their flesh regenerated faster than their skin could cook on the burning lava beneath their feet.

^They must have been there for hundreds of not thousands of years. Their minds have broken long ago,^ Morena sighed.

"You're wrong. The curses in this layer prevent them from going insane or losing consciousness. They are fully awake to feel every second of their pitiful end. Forget resurrection. People here are fully immortal. So they can suffer." Thud! Cain landed gracefully on a patch of solidified lava, staring ahead of him at the fields of cooking sinners.

"This is the end of all sinners. There is no escape." Cain mumbled.

"You bastard, you finally ended here!" A growling voice screamed from the fields.

Cain slowly lifted his head and stared up at one of the spikes, seeing a familiar face there. "Jack Furberg," He mumbled, seeing Jack with a smile on his face.

"I knew it, Cain Lisworth! You bastard would end up here." Jack giggled, "Your spike will soon come from the ground. Chains would hold you tight. I will enjoy every moment of it,"

Cain stood there, staring at Jack with a passive face. "Sorry to break it to you, but a spike won't come for me."

"What?" Jack gasped, and he started to realize something was off about Cain. He looked too white for this accursed place.

Cain had white hair, faintly glowing blue eyes, and clear skin with no blemishes. His white and silver robe was spotless clean, and ironed. His figure standing there contrasted the black and red background as if blooming with light.

Cain stared at Jack's face as he could sense him getting even more confused. If not for the layer's rules, he would have started screaming in insanity.

"You..." Cain lifted his hand, "Got done dirty enough,"

CRACK! The pike impaling Jack started getting sucked back to the ground as the other sinners gasped, shouting and screaming at the never seen event.

CLACK! Jack fell on his face as the spike impaling him got pulled back to the ground, releasing him from the grilling fields. He stared at his hands, confused as his wounds healed. "What, what are you?"

Cain stared at Jack in silence for a second. ^Lilia told me to bring some people out, but I don't know exactly who. It's probably best to get everyone I know out of there in one go. And then throw them back in later if they caused trouble.^ He didn't know whether Jack was included in the people he must save or not, so seeing how weak he is, it won't be much trouble to bring him out just in case.

Cain silently pulled a black robe from the maze and threw it at Jack's face, "Cover yourself up and follow me. I will take you out of here if you behave."

Jack barely managed to stand, "I asked who are you?"

"The man who killed you. Fucked your sister and the witch who laughed at you. You don't want to add left you at the depth of hell to the list," Cain glared back at him. "I can pull the spike back as easily as I forced it down."

"You two really don't see eye to eye," Morena appeared behind Cain with a grin on her face, "How are you, little boy,"

Seeing her face, Jack instantly snapped into a rage, "You fucking bitch!" He lunged forth, swinging his fist at her.

CREEK! The spike peaked from the ground between Jack's feet as Cain glared at him, "If you don't want this up your ass again, then calm down. Don't test my patience." He growled.

Jack froze in place, staring at Morena as he ground his teeth so hard they shattered. "What are you doing here?" He glared at her.

"Did he just tell you? I'm with him," She pointed with her thumb at Cain, a smile on her face, "The part about him killing you and fucking..."

"Fine! Fine! Stop it," Jack sighed, scratching his head like a maniac as his teeth healed. "What do you want?" He looked at Cain.

"I'm here to get some people out," Cain replied, "I felt pity on you. So I will take you out with us. This is a chance that no other sinner ever got." Cain could remember taking Selena's friend out... "We might be the only one, but it's too rare."

Cain turned and started walking away. Jack followed him for a few seconds before stopping, "Getting people out...you say."

"I will leave you here if you keep talking," Cain glared back at him.

"There was a massive black Jaguar roaming those parts, that until I saw it getting impaled by several ice spikes and fall behind those mountains." He pointed to the distance. "It reminded me of that fur ball that was with you."

Cain glared back at him. "Let's go see it,"

With a swift move, he summoned his steel staff and sat on it. Morena mixed back into his body as he glared at Jack, "Get on,"

"Ride this thing?" Jack gasped, staring at the staff.

"I'm going to leave you here,"

"Fine! Fine!" Jack rushed and sat at the edge of the staff as it started floating.

Jack stared down, seeing the other impaled sinners scream and cry, begging for them to come back. Some of them heard Cain's name and were already praying and calling upon him to take them out as he did him.

"Can't you take them out?" Jack mumbled.

"I can," Cain replied, "That doesn't mean I should. I'm already violating the hell rules by taking you out, and I intend on violating them more by taking other people later out of here."

"There is a limit," Jack looked back at the sinners, he had spent some time with them, and they were his only company in the midst of all the suffering.

"It's ironic, isn't it?" A mouth appeared on Cain's cheek as Morena spoke. "They pray to you out of instinct,"

"What does she mean?" Jack mumbled as he heard her say that.

Cain stared back at Jack, his eyes glowing with a faint blue light. "Ignore her." He then lifted his hand and covered the mouth, "You as well, don't talk too much."

Jack looked at Cain's back then decided to ask, "So she stayed alive, I would have loved to see her burn here as well."

"Morena died," Cain replied, "And she was sent to the first layer of hell,"

Jack's face died, "The first layer? Why the hell I was sent here? She's the one that orchestrated everything!"

"Because she's a dragon," Cain replied. "Humans who experiment on rats and monsters don't go to hell for that. The mere superiority of their race grants them the right of the strong."

The mouth opened on the other side of Cain's face, "You humans are to us dragons like rates are to you humans. We aren't sinners for killing or experimenting on you. And in the same way, you don't become a sinner for killing monsters and dragons. It's all considered a struggle for survival, the rules of nature, and the strong eats the weak."