Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 837 Maharaja: The World Eater II

The two dragons expanded their wings, flying away from the city. "Leave her be. We've done our job. The humans would take her down eventually. She killed their king, after all."

As the dragons flew away, a soldier flew past them, screaming. They stopped and looked back. Selena stood there growling as she snatched the soldiers attacking her and threw them into the sky, aiming at the dragons.

ROAR! Her deep roar resonated across the sky, and the dragons sighed, "She can't even speak," One of them said.

"A wild animal she became." They then flew away, leaving her to deal with the city.

****

The soldiers surrounded Selena, "There she is! Kill her. There is no need for capture."

"How is the king?" One of them cried.

"Dead! She bit his whole face and half his brain," Another screamed.

"You monster!" A soldier rushed at Selena in full armor, swinging a great axe at her head.

CRACK! She lunged to the side and then back at the soldier, crushing his skull in her jaw. Her body quickly shifted into her Jaguar form, loud growling vibrated from her chest, and she glared at the soldiers in rage.

The battalions charged, but they were no match for the beast. One after the other, she ripped them all apart.

The adventurers' guild sent reinforcements, but none of their fighters could stand a chance against her, and their magic strangely didn't seem to work against her. The rakshasa blood in her started boiling.

After one day of slaughter, the royal court started evacuating the capital under the alert of a monster attack. It's A jaguar rampaging through the city.

Five days later, the once lively capital of Ruris became a ghost town, filled only with the screams of the dead and the growls of the monsters hunting them. The refugees camping outside the walls ran to the other cities as every soldier that entered didn't come out, and soon, the whole place was forgotten about.

Selena carried Cain and the other corpses with her, dragging them all the way to Ourals in the hope of burying them, but she was met with another nasty surprise.

Marina was killed days ago by the dragons, and one of the nobles has to the city's lordship. The soldiers locked the city gates and fired at her with arrows and siege weapons the moment she showed.

Selena ran back to the forest and hid Cain and the girls' corpses in the trees. Her rage, which started to fade, burned hot once again, and she rushed into the city.

The guards tried to stop her, but she climbed over the walls with her claws and entered the city. In less than half an hour since she entered the city, the new lord's family all were killed, their heads chewed off without exception.

The guards surrounded the main keep to catch her, but everyone who faced her ended up killed with one bite to the head. No matter how many soldiers or adventurers they threw at her, they were all killed.

"Sir! One of the adventurers returned alive!" A man rushed to the refugee camp outside the city. It's been a week since she's been rampaging inside.

"What's it?" The man asked with a hopeful face, "Any way to stop the monster?"

The soldier shook his head, "It's bad news," He looked down, "From the report, the black jaguar is twice as big as when it first entered the city. She's ten feet tall, and forty long from head to tail by our observation. Magic only seemed to enrage her more, and she's is feeding on anything that moves."

The noble scratched his head, "We've emptied the whole city. How about poisons? Can't we get the alchemists to make something?"

"We've already tried wyvern poison. It only got her stomach pain, which made her even more aggressive, and now instead of biting on the heads, she ates the soldiers whole for food."

"Then I got a plan," The noble smiled, "Lock the city, and don't send anyone. Will let her starve to death for the next months."

"How about the refugees here?" The soldier asked.

"Send them somewhere else. They can't live in camps forever."

****

The soldiers followed the orders and left Ourals empty. The people were sent to other cities to live.

In that week, Selena managed to find and dig up Marina's corpse from the city's catacomb. What she found only fueled her rage more. She was tortured to death, probably in the hope of digging for any information about Cain.

Taking the corpse with her, Selena climbed the walls and stood on top of them, staring down at the dead of night at the small soldiers' camp beside the forest.

Thud! Silently, she jumped down and prowled through the fields till she reached them.

GRAAAAAAAAAA! A soldier screamed as she bit his torso in half, and the other rushed in, "She escaped? We locked the city?"

It didn't take her a minute to kill everyone there.

After making sure no humans nor dragons were around, Selena returned to where she hid Cain and the girls' corpses, only to find them were eaten by wild beasts. Only a few bones left, and by the smell, she knew they were from Cain.

She carried them in her mouth as she no longer could shift back into humanoid form and walked toward Furberg, hoping to get help from Alice's family.

YAWN! One of the guards yawned at the front gate.

"Hey, look there," another guard said, pointing to the forest as he saw a massive black jaguar walk out.

"What a massive beast," He said with a smile, "Do you think the adventurers can take it down?"

"I doubt it. Look at those shoulder muscles. I bet it's at least A-rank."

"Hoi...it's coming toward us," One of them gasped.

"Really," The other cried, pointing his halberd forward.

BAM! BAM! Surprisingly, the guards of Furberg were quite tolerant as they only aimed their weapons at her. "Someone call the adventurers. This beast is acting strange." One mumbled.

"It's only staring at us and not attacking," Another said. They would rather not start a fight.

Selena tried to speak, but the words seemed to escape her mind like stones sinking into a pool. "L-Lord..." She growled, barely managing to form a word.

"It speaks!" One of the guards smiled, "An intelligent monster? And it's asking for the city lord," He looked back.

"Really?" the other in the back gasped, "Will inform him at once."

Selena sat on the ground, resting as she waited. She knew she looked scary in her jaguar form, especially now that's far bigger, so the guard's caution didn't seem strange to her.

Slowly but surely, her beast blood started to calm. She can finally give Cain a proper burial. She looked at the forest where she left the bones hidden. ^Once this is over, I will return to the forest.^

Half an hour later, a strange man walked out of the gate and approached her with a wizard behind him. She lifted her head and stared at him. That wasn't William.

With one sniff, Selena caught the whiff of a dragon on the man's clothes. "William?" She growled, standing up with her eyes glowing.

"She really speaks," The new lord smiled.

The wizard scratched her chin, "William? The previous lord?"

GRRRRRRRRRRRRRR! A deep growl rumbled from Selena's throat, "WILLIAM!"

"He got executed for..." CRACK! Before she could finish, Selena snapped her neck with one bite.

DING! Something snapped inside Selena's head. The last remaining strands of her humanity got undone, and she roared.

The lord stared at the dead wizard in terror before Selena swallowed him whole. The guards pulled their weapons, but she stomped them and burst the gate open with a paw strike.

Following the scent of the dragon she finally reached William's mansion, seeing a man standing there with a smile on his face. "You really came,"

ROAR! Selena roared, lunging forth with a bite.

CRACKLE! The man transformed into his draconic form, a massive ancient red dragon. "This is your..." CRACK! Before he could finish speaking, Selena lunged over the houses and caught him with a bite to the skull, pulling his spine out of his neck in one go.

Everyone stared in shock and terror as the bloodied jaguar glared back at them. Selena stared at them, only seeing food.

This time, not even the civilians survived as she went on a bloody rampage. Like a wild animal, she munched everyone that came into her sight.

Several weeks later, and out of instinct alone, Selena showed up in her forest, making her way back to her home. She stopped beside the river, sniffing the ground as she saw fields of ash ahead of her.

The home was no more. The place reeked with a red dragon. GRRRR! Only a deep growl escaped her throat as she started hunting, following the dragon's scent till she found him in the mountains.

*****

Several years later on the other side of the world, the elvish kingdom.

"Your majesty," An elf approached the elvish king, "Are you sure? Why should we send soldiers to that place?"

"That continent is an untapped treasure. Humans and dwarves went extinct due to the Jaguar of the apocalypse, but that's only one monster." The king replied, "We have superior weaponry. All we need is to slay that monster, and the land is ours to claim."

"But," The elf looked down, "Humans, dwarves, orcs, and even the dragons living there, they all got killed by that monster. Do you think we can stop it?"

"Don't be a coward," The king snorted, "We're stronger. One high spell and that thing is ashes!"

The elvish army went to the decimated continent and never returned. their expedition ended with everyone's demise. Only one letter made it back, "The monster is far larger than we expected. Five hundred feet tall, and over two miles in length. Our high magic is like a drop of water on a hot plate. It's useless! It didn't seem intelligent, to immediately attack anything that stands on two legs or cast magic. Killing it is currently impossible without firepower. We need to retreat."

As the king read the letter, he could hear the alarms ringing in his harbor.

"The hell is that?" He growled, rushing to stare into the horizon.

A hawk flew in and landed on the balcony beside the king, "The Jaguar of the apocalypse was spotted swimming across the Dead Sea toward our shores faster than a small ship. We theorize it's searching for food."

The king growled, "Faster than a small ship. From where we observe, I would say it has four to five days left to reach the shore." He looked at the sky. "Oh! Gods, where did this monster spawn."

He turned and rushed downstairs, "Prepare the ships! We must kill it before it lands on our shores!"

"You majesty, where are you going?" A noble asked.

"To find the laughing tornado, she's our only chance." The king replied as he rushed on a unicorn across the lands.

Deep into the forest, he stopped at the first trees and bowed down, "I beg your pardon, great tornado." He called.

The scenery around him changed, "What do you want?" Lilia replied as she pulled him to her hut.

The king lifted his head, seeing her sitting on a chair with two elvish women sucking on her toes as she read a book.

"Your ladyship, the Jaguar of the apocalypse is coming toward our shores." He bowed his head to the ground, "Please stop it,"

Lilia stared at him, "Several years ago, I told you to raid the human kingdom once Sylph died. I knew that her death only meant that someone who shouldn't die was killed. If you moved then, I might have been able to stop this mess before it escalated."

"We didn't know at that time, and we expected the humans to deal with it," the king replied.

"Is that so?" Lilia stared at the two elvish women licking her toes, "What do you two say?"

"Let's nature do its thing," The two women replied. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Lilia scratched her head, "I should at least try to help," She stood and looked at the king, "Fine, I want the whole elvish race as my slaves. I will bind you all with magic." She smiled, "This world might done for, so I will use that to take you with me if I can't kill the monster, or should I call her the world eater?" She smiled.

The king stared at her, baffled, "All the elvish race? Slaves?"

"Technically yes, moving a large number of people through dimensions is hard so I need to make sure you follow all my commands perfectly till we reach the other side. I will release you all after we move." To her, she only needed to make sure they followed the order in the teleportation so they wouldn't die.

"I can't," the king growled, "I can't dome the elvish race to slavery,"

"It's that, but I only need to make sure you follow the order for the moving," Lilia tilted her head, "It's not that I'm going to keep your kind for more than a year or two while we travel."

"No, I can't. There must be another way," The king replied and Lilia sighed, sitting back on her chair as the two elvish women started sucking on her toes again.

"How troublesome," She stared at him, "You refuse to listen first, and then can't comply with basic orders when I try to help. Why did you even seek me?" She glared at him, "You think I can magically end all disaster,"

"Surely you have another way in mind," King begged, "Please,"

Lilia scratched her head, and then stared at the king, "Lift your head."

the king slowly raised his head with a smile, "You have..." SPLAT! A blast of magic blasted his skull to pieces, "You talk back too much, mortal." She growled, standing up.

"You two, are you coming with me?" She stared at the two elvish women. "I would have to kill and raise you again as dolls," She said.

"If you please," the two replied.

Lilia smiled, grabbing them by the necks, "This is going to hurt a lot."

***

The elvish king never returned from his trip to the laughing tornado, and the kingdom went into a panic.

Several days later, Selena landed int he shores and started rampaging, killing everyone in her path as she made it closer to the start mountain of the dragon king.

Five years later, the world changed a lot, all humanoid races went extinct, only leaving the Titans and dragons. Both of them didn't last long as within another five years, the world eater had erased all titans before making her way to the dragon king's mountain.

When the dragon spotted her, she was over one mile in height and several miles in length, a colossal monster that didn't look as if it belonged in this world.

To her now, the dragons seemed like chickens to a hungry tiger, small and delicious. Ten years later, the dragons went extinct as Selena devoured their last members.

Now that the world was devoid of all intelligent life, Selena found herself wandering without a purpose, eating whole hordes of animals when she got hungry, and sleeping for years when she could.

The world could only sustain a creature as large as her for a few centuries, and after that, she consumed all life from both the land and the sea. Only dirt and dead wastelands were left as she slept.

Three thousand years later, the jaguar of the apocalypse, Selena died of starvation as she had eaten the world dry.

Waking in the lower layer of hell, she quickly realized that she would never run out of food there. But, unknown to her, that wasn't the hell of her world.