Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 838 Back To track

Cain snatched his hand from Maharaja's head, sweating. "Thousands of years," He gasped, staring at her. "The shards originate from a broken world. You got the world eater shard since you ate your world to extinction."

"That are you talking about?" Jack stared at Cain, confused.

"She isn't going to attack us," Cain stared back at him as Maharaja fully healed.

Grrrr! Maharaja opened her eyes, staring at them from the corner of her massive head. Jack gasped, hiding behind Cain as she started to move.

Maharaja stood and turned around, starting to walk away in silence. CLENSH! Suddenly, something caught her by the tail, stopping her in place.

"You aren't leaving," Cain said with a smile, "You're coming with me."

"I don't belong at your side. Leave me alone," She replied.

"Not a single Nya? You must be quite serious or sad." Cain looked at her with a smile, "No, you're nervous." CRACK! He pulled her toward him, and Jack cried, seeing Cain drag the titanic monster with one hand.

"Don't anger her!" Jack cried his eyes out.

"Let me go," Maharaja glared back at Cain.

"You have three seconds to shift back to your humanoid form. If you don't, I will force you back." Cain smiled, staring at her.

Three! Two! One!

Maharaja Didn't transform, so Cain giggled, "Well then,"

CRACKLE!

"GYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!" Maharaja cried as blue lightning engulfed her body, shrinking her into humanoid form.

"You're a jaguar but act like a cat most of the time. You know you don't have to avoid me." Cain stared at her lying on the ground, her eyes spinning around from the shock.

"Wait!" Jack gasped, "It's that fur ball!"

Cain stared back at him, "How long are you going to call her a fur ball? I will rip your tongue out,"

"AH! Sorry, what was her name again?" Jack waved his hands, "Selena," Cain replied as he lifted Selena in his hands.

"You're damn heavy," He growled, his face turning red as he barely got her up, "Don't you know how to reduce your weight?" Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Even though she looked human, she still retained her full weight. [Gravity Magic: Reduce weight]

Maharaja opened her eyes with a passive face, "You know it hurt,"

"I don't, and even if it does, you can take it." Cain stared at her, and she looked away. "Fair enough-nya."

Cain smiled, "Finally acting like you used to," He patted her head as he put her on the ground. "Unlike the Selena I know, you're more attuned to your beast form. Taking you out of it is quite the chore."

"It usually takes me a day of shrinking to be able to shift with reduced weight-nya." She replied, standing on her own.

"If that's the case. Then you might need some shapeshifting training." Cain patted her head, "Let's go. We still have a long journey,"

Selena stared at Cain, "You're looking for the rest-nya?" She asked.

"Yeah, I suppose they are the ones Lilia meant," Cain replied, looking around, "I found you quickly after entering this layer, but we're out of leads now."

"I'm the lead-nya," Selena replied with a smile, her hands resting on her hips. ^I can help,^

"You know where they are?"

"Mauzzkyl Jaezred killed Gracie, and her soul spawned in the shadow plains to the west. Sofia has grown old and weak. She's on her deathbed in the pits of hell, that massive volcano to the north. The last time I saw Alice she was acting as the devil lord Asmodeus. She should be in the castle to the east-nya!" She pointed in each direction. "But I was attacked by Silver. I couldn't beat him as I already sent my shard to the Selena you know."

"Really, what's going on?" Jack asked, "Just what are you two now? I doubt coming to hell and acting nonchalantly about it is normal."

"You can say," Cain scratched his head, "I'm a really important person now."

Cain then flicked his finger, pulling three mantles from the maze. "Here you go. This will protect you from the heat, acid, and anything that my magic can resist."

When Jack put the mantle on, he could no longer feel the scorching of hell. "Where in the hell did you find this?"

"I made it," Cain replied, "Let's go, I don't want to waste time." He lifted his staff, and several sparks of magic rushed out, forming a blue platform for them to stand on. "Sit, relax, and..." He looked into the maze, "Here some water and food. I will fly slowly so you two can eat."

Jack froze in place, "Water? In the hells?" He gasped, staring at the cold urn.

"Yeah," Cain replied.

"Hold on. This is beyond anything else. Do you know how much this will cost here? Everything!" Jack stared at Cain in shock, "I know Cania above us is made of water, but that filth is toxic as it gets in the hells."

Selena looked in front of her. Cain had pulled a whole bison carcass for her.

"I still have hundreds in stock," Cain looked at her with a smile, "Feel free to eat. The farms in my...well, land...are quite productive." He giggled. The farms that exist in his heaven are something else, and he had even asked them to start producing as much as possible to achieve Tarra's needs. But after this, he might need to build several more to feed Selena as well.

Jack lifted his urn and took a sip of water, "It's really water!"

Cain looked forward as he started directing the platform, giving the two time to eat.

Three hours later, they reached their first stop. Looking down from the mountain, Cain could see a raging volcano bursting with lava, rivers of red hot magma trailing down into a sprawling city at the volcano's foot.

"Hell's lip-nya," Selena said, "That's the city's name. Devils rule it as is the case for all cities in this layer. Sofia should be in the heart of that mountain, contained in a massive lava pocket to recover-nya," She said, munching on her one hundred and fifty bison. She really eats a lot.

"Finish eating quickly. We're going down there to get her out." Cain said and Selena stared at him, "She's too old and fragile. Merely standing will shatter her bones. She isn't imprisoned. She's there because she has to."

Cain smiled, "I can heal her," He then scratched his head, "No, healing is for the injured. I can fix her body. Simply resetting her structure with mine will get her some time back."

"I don't get it-nya," Selena stared back at him, and Jack had already given up on trying to understand anything. He just sat there, slowly enjoying his drink.

"I'm going to try making her younger. That's the simplest way I can explain it." Cain smiled.

Selena looked at her hands, "You can do that?"

Cain looked at her. She looked in her late thirties while the Selena he knew was in her early twenties. "I should be fine as long as I don't try to make her too young."

"Why-nya?" Selena asked, and Cain scratched his chin.

"The younger I try to make her, the more chances I mess something up, and she would end up with a disability. You can I say I can get a human down from eighty to forty, but not to twenty." Cain looked at his hand, "That wasn't a limitation within his power, but a limitation from the person being regressed in age. No matter how he thought about it, probably Lilia and Gracie, being the goddess of life are capable of getting younger. And he's paying for it with his own power and life. ^I probably shouldn't tell them that. It's true that my life spawn is almost infinite, but I could end it with a reckless move.^

The three of them walked toward the city's gate.

"Stop right there! Criminal scum!" The guard growled in rage, "No sinners get close to the city on my watch! Get your ass back to the grill!" He wasn't looking at Cain or Selena, his eyes were fixated on Jack.

^He must've sensed him from miles.^ With a smile, Cain stood between the devil guard and Jack.

"He's with me now," Cain said, staring at the guard.

"Law is law! Sinners to the grill, it's been like this for thousands of years, and always would be." The guard growled, pulling a trident.

But at that moment, he felt a burst of bloodlust rip across his body. His eyes turned toward the woman standing behind Cain, her golden eyes glaring at him as if he were nothing more than a piece of meat on her plate.

"You're..." Selena said, taking a step forward, "Forgetting something..." CRACK! In the blink of an eye, she ripped his arm and started eating it.

It was then that the devil realized it, bowing immediately. "Esteemed Maharaja, I beg your forgiveness. I couldn't sense your presence, probably due to the magic coats."

Selena stared at him, "Next time, I'm eating the whole city."

Cain walked past the guards as they got into the city, touching him on the shoulder and healing him, "You're a good guard, This is a gift."