Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 840 Devil Lord: Astaroth

"Put me down," Cain said with a smile, tapping Fierna on the back.

With a fearful stare, she put him down, "What's going on?"

"I just wanted to get access to the dungeon. He happened to not like me standing in front of this mansion, so I took the chance." Cain replied, "It's not like I know many people here, and I didn't want to end up killing devils for no reason."

"You should have felt me here," She looked at him with a puzzled face.

"I did, but thought it wouldn't do to bother you at work," Cain replied, looking at the devil behind her, "Hello,"

The devil stared at Fierna, "Is he?"

"He is," As she replied, the devil stared back and shouted, "Prepare the DL ceremony! NOW!" He then rushed toward Cain, bowing as deep as he could, "Our lord will get you the best accommodation possible. Please forgive the guards for their rudeness."

"DL, you said, Devil lord ceremony, you mean?" Cain looked at the devil with a smile. "To be honest, that would take so much time it's a bother. Don't do it."

The devil immediately turned back and shouted at the servants to stop.

With a smile, Cain added, "I'm looking for an entrance to the volcano. I'm here for one inside."

"The one Asmodeus put there?" The devil stood, "We've been ordered to never let anyone near her."

Cain crossed his arms, "So, the best way is to find Asmodeus first. Do you know where she is?"

The devil stared at Fierna with a droplet of sweat trailing down his forehead. "No need, I will lead you to her."

"You just said Asmodeus asked you not to," Cain stared at him, "It's convenient for me, but I find it hard to trust someone who gives up their leader's orders in the face of death."

"Huh?" The devil gasped.

"To her, you're a traitor. Why should I expect you to remain loyal to me?" Cain stared at the devil with a grin.

"But that's..." The devil gasped, Asmodeus wouldn't have enough power to stand against the overgod, and he was sure she wouldn't like to pick a fight with him. Whatever the old lady's worth, she's surely less than the whole of Nessus getting blasted by holy magic.

"I had two choices, sneak in without anyone noticing. That would have ended without a fight, and with you saying that nothing could have been done to stop a god." Cain glared at the devil with an evil grin, "Now that you caught me, I have to fight my way through you all. That so you and everyone else here can keep their dignity as devils."

"Master Cain," Fierna looked at Cain with a worried face, "You don't have to fight them. I'm sure we can solve this peacefully."

Cain stared at her. 'Asmodeus is Alice. It pissess me off that her servants betrayed her this easily. I will make sure they never think of this as an option facing a strong opponent in the future.' Cain explained to her.

He then looked at the devil, "Come at me, try stopping me. I will burn this whole layer to ash if you don't wound me at least once."

***

Selena walked out of their room in the inn, heading toward the tavern to look for Cain. She saw Jack sitting at the side, talking with devils.

"Do you know where Cain is?" She asked, and the devils rushed back, bowing in terror.

"He left earlier," Jack replied, "I asked if I could go with him, and he said no."

"I hope he doesn't get into trouble," She sighed.

"No, nya?" Jack looked a her, and the other devils started shaking.

"That's for Cain, not for anyone else." She growled, "I'm going to look for him," She turned to walk toward the door, and the ground shook violently.

CRACKLE! The tables jumped, dumping all of their content on the ground as the devils held to the walls. The bartender woman cried, "What's this!" Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The devils rushed to the door and windows to see what happening. The first thing they saw was a bloodied devil, thrown through the air with a trail of burning magic.

"Lord Astaroth?!" The bartender woman cried, seeing Cain flying after their city lord.

***

^Asking for Loyalty from a devil, what in the hell,^ Astaroth cried internally, seeing Cain flying toward him with a clenched fist.

"NO!" Astaroth screamed internally, "I'm the devil lord who stood with his majesty! If you seek loyalty, then take that bitch out of our hell! My only lord is neither you nor her! I only bow to Lucifer, and he alone!"

Flames gushed from Astaroth's body, and Cain smiled, "This is it. You devils have grown weak. The world needs you strong."

CRACKLE! From the flames, A massive red dragon emerged beneath Astaroth. Roaring as it unleashed a massive fire breath at Cain.

The whole city shook, and everyone hid inside the buildings.

The red tint of the flames painted the whole city, sending waves of scorching heat as the ground shook.

CLACK! With a swing of his hand, Cain split his breath in half with a smile on his face. "This is it. Go back to your nature!"

From the flames, a massive snake emerged, rushing at Cain with an ear-piercing hiss.

Cain conjured the staff and blocked the snake's bite by locking his jaw open with his staff. The massive beast flew with Cain to the sky, smacking him on Nessus's ceiling.

BAM! The dragon flew through the flames, Astaroth riding on its back naked with the snake's tail firmly in his last grasp. "Die!"

The snake puked waves of acid and poison at Cain, who was still in his jaw, causing it to rain from the sky.

CRACK! Suddenly, the snake's body inflated like a balloon and exploded, Cain standing at the top with his arms spread and a smile on his face. "You're still not there, Astaroth. Lucifer would crawl into a hole from shame if he saw you," He glared down at Astaroth, laughing as he pointed at him with a finger.

"Shut UP!" Astaroth screamed, re-summoning his snake to block Cain's attack.

"It's infuriate me." Cain said with a passive face, "I can understand it from devils, but not you." BAM! He fired a compressed blast of gravity, smacking Astaroth on the ground with his dragon.

"Where is your crown? What are those ugly wings?" Cain glared down at him with an angry face, "First you betrayed the gods, then Lucifer, and then her. How low did you fall?"

CRACK! Astaroth stood from the dirt, summoning his dragon and snake once again, "What do you know?"

"I know that only a fool trusts someone who betrayed their master three times in a row. Regain your pride, imbecile. You're the only devil who gave up without a fight." Cain landed on the ground, staring at Astaroth.

"I'm fighting you now," Astaroth growled.

ZON! In the blink of an eye, Cain teleported to Astaroth and lifted him by the neck. "You call this fighting? It's a one-sided beatdown."

Astaroth gasped for air, struggling as he punched Cain's face.

Cain didn't even feel his hits, "Pathetic, you won't beat me without your crown and wings. You're a disgrace to Lucifer."

Astaroth growled, and a golden halo started emerging on his head, slowly forming into a brilliant crown.

CRACK! As his crown emerged, he kneed Cain in the face, sending him back. CLACK! CRACK! Before Cain could recoil back, Astaroth drilled several punches and kicks at his chest and neck.

"This is it," Cain giggled, punching Astaroth in the face so hard he sent him flying across the several mountains.

Cain stood there smiling, wiping the blood from his nose. "Those hits were nice."

CRACK! Astaroth stood between the crumbling stones, a golden crown glowing above his head. "Why does your kind always come to haunt us?" He growled.

"Because you ran out of your duties. Astaroth, I was surprised you didn't fly with Lucifer when he woke up," Cain replied, "Both you and Beelzebub disappointed me greatly."

"Each of us took his path after the great war," Astaroth growled, "You aren't the one to order us around,"

Cain looked at him, disappointed, "Why do I need to order the three slayers? In the ancient god war, you three killed the most angels as you betrayed the gods after AO's disappearance."

"What do you know?" Astaroth growled.

"I know you can do better than this," Cain looked at him with a smile, "Lucifer is still fighting for his only master, and you can do the same. Regain your wings, Qliphoth of Venus, Astaroth." Cain glared at him.

CRACKLE! Astaroth's batlike wings burst into holy flame, burning to ash as black feathers emerge, sending waves of terror across Nessus.

"HAHAHA!" Cain burst laughing, "This is it. Show me what you can do. At the coming war, we need warriors, not crybaby devils that hide in the hells."