Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 842 Training Progression

Cain stared at the red glowing stones. The curses flowing through the place seemed strange. They were directed inside instead of toward the outside.

"This is a problem." He sighed.

"What is it? Can't you break the barrier?" Fierna asked with a worried face, approaching Cain. "I will leave if I'm holding you back."

Cain shook his head, "That isn't the problem." He lifted his hand inspecting a sample of the barrier. "As I expected, it's bad."

"What is it?"

"This barrier would dissolve Tiamat's body if anyone were to break her out. It isn't made to protect her, but to make sure no one gets hold of her." He looked back at Fierna. "Asmodeus put Tiamat here the same way we bury dead people. For her to rest in peace for all eternity. The only peaceful end she can get now that she can't fully die."

"Won't dissolving her kill her fully?" Fierna asked.

"No, it's the same with how humans clean and dress their dead before burying them. We don't just dissolve them with acid. She wanted her to have a nice end,

Cain touched the wall. "It will take a while to find the barrier's weakness." he created a ball of magic and stuck it to the wall. "Let's head back. This will take time."

The two returned up to the city.

****

Fierna headed back to the lord's mansion so she could travel back and bring her father to rule the place while Cain returned to the inn where he left Maharaja and Jack.

On his way, he noticed the devils avoiding him, averting their eyes away so they wouldn't look at him. Some of them saw him fight Astaroth and were terrified.

He reached the inn's door, opening it up.

Thud! He stopped, looking down to see the inn owner lady bowing with her head on the ground.

"What's up with you?" He asked.

"I apologize for everything till now. I didn't know who you were. I will accept any kind of punishment." She begged, crying.

He looked at the back, seeing Selena staring at him. "She know-nya."

Cain sighed, "Stand up," He pulled the inn owner up, making her stand. "I'm not angry at you, and don't need any apology."

"See-nya?" Selena stared at her, "I told you Cain won't be angry-nya."

The inn lady stared back at her, "I know, but even so." She growled.

"Even, so what?" Cain looked at her.

She froze in place as her knees started shaking. She slowly turned around, her face turning pale. "Disrespecting the overgod. That's a sin even devils fear." She replied with a cracking voice.

Cain looked around, "I don't see anyone else here. Where did they go?" He asked.

"I cleared the inn for you. All other customers were dismissed." She replied with a shaking voice.

"And what about Jack?" He asked.

"I sent him to another inn-nya." Selena replied, "He likes to boast a lot, and the way became annoying-gaw,"

Cain nodded, "Well, he's Jack."

He walked past the inn owner and looked at the stairs, "So the whole place is empty. This is why...forget it." He sighed, walking upstairs.

****

Back at the mansion, Alice fell on her back, panting. "I can't do it anymore. I'm all out of mana."

Lilia stared at her, "Stand, there are more of them in need of healing."

"I can't mean I can't," Alice stared at her, "Tell them to stop or heal them yourself. You're a paladin now, aren't you?"

"If you don't stand up now, I'm sitting on your face." Lilia glared at her with a grin.

"Do it. I'm already too exhausted to move," Alice replied. Her head throbbed as she reached her limit.

Lilia sat beside her, "I guess you really can't do it then," She tapped her head, "Rest for now, I will deal with the rest." She flew out to heal everyone and tell them to stop the training.

She teleported, appearing in the middle of a shattered world as she looked around. "Sofia! Selena!" She shouted, looking around and trying to sense their magic. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

"We're here..." A pained voice called her as she went to give them a look.

Selena had her face puffed and her eyes black as grapes. She missed an arm and a leg as she lay on a stone, bleeding from a hole in her stomach.

Selena on the other hand missed her tail and was charred to a crisp, "Me-nya..." She growled.

"What in the hell did you two do?" Lilia stared at them.

"Alice didn't come to heal us, so we went for a second round," Sofia replied. Even with how dire her situation looked, her life wasn't in any real danger as this damage couldn't even pause a thread to her draconic form.

Selena was the same, the burns didn't go deeper than her skin, and she could still move fine.

Lilia lifted her hand and approached them, "I thought you two would stop before it gets to this level." She sighed.

"The abomination won't wait for us, would they?" Sofia replied as she was healed almost instantly.

"I wonder what Cain is doing?" Selena asked as Lilia healed her.

"I felt a devil named Astaroth fly into the sky. Cain must have granted him the power to assist Lucifer in his fight. This should buy us more time before those creatures fall on the world." Lilia replied with a smile, looking at the two girls as they stood, fully healed without a scratch left.

"Who's Astaroth?" Alice asked, and Lilia looked at her, "Another fallen angel like Lucifer. He's quite strong." She turned around and opened a portal, "We're going back to the mansion now. Alice has reached her limit for today and won't be able to heal you. Time to rest and eat,"

"Rest is a part of training after all," With a smile, Sofia walked through the portal with Selena.

"Now, time to get the rest here as well." Lilia started teleporting between each fight scene and pulling the girls back to the mansion. She soon stopped at a strange training ground.

"What are you doing?" She asked.

Chauntea looked back at her with a smile as she watched over Jemima, sitting in the middle of a vast garden. "I'm transferring some of my divine power to her." She replied.

"To a human, you will kill her." Lilia approached them and looked at Jemima, "Wait, with such a small amount I think she would be fine."

"See?" Chauntea stared at her with a smug smile.

"What's your purpose?" Lilia asked with a puzzled face, "I see it useless, to be honest. Giving her so little power won't change anything,"

"That, if the power remains the same," Chauntea smiled, "Won't contact with Cain cause her power to grow?"

Lilia's eyes opened wide, "You're trying to create a pseudo-deity?"

"Of course I am. Jemima has potential, and I feel she'll do better than this hag over here," She said, pointing a thumb at herself.

"You're one of the oldest gods after all," Lilia waved her hand, creating a portal to the mansion. "Go back after you finish. Don't stay here for too long." She then teleported away.

CLANG! The moment she reached the destination she could hear blades clashing like thunder. Looking up, she saw Amaterasu and Gracie fighting. Those two have been going at it for a while now.

"You two look eager! How has it been going?" Lilia called, and the two stopped fighting and flew down to her.

"Mixed," Grace replied.

"I don't want to talk about it," Amaterasu growled.

Gracie looked at Lilia, "Seven to one in my favor." She smiled, "I lost the first match,"

"You've been cheating in the last ones!" Amaterasu growled.

"Tricks are a part of real fighting. There is no cheating, only skills." Gracie replied.

Lilia looked at them, "Does it really matter who wins or loses? The important part is that you're getting stronger."

"It matters!" Amaterasu grunted.

Gracie turned toward Lilia, "We agreed on bets. The loser does what the winner asks for ten minutes." She looked at Amaterasu. "When I lost the first match, she had me lick her feet. So I took some liberty with my seven wins."

Lilia stared at Amaterasu, "You brought it on yourself. What did she ask you to do?"

Amaterasu looked away.

Gracie was the one to answer with a smile, "Nothing, I still have seventy minutes of full control on her. She wants to win desperately to make up for that."

Lilia looked at Amaterasu, "You've messed up,"

"I didn't! She's cheating!" Amaterasu growled.

Lilia turned to Gracie, "How did you beat her?" She asked.

"When she creates suns, they always cast?a shadow behind her, and I've been using that to take her down."

"She just suck me into darkness otherwise, then I get stabbed in the back each time." Amaterasu cried.

"That's your fault. You gotta find a way around it." Lilia stared at her.