Chapter 843 Expensive Kitten

"Cain! Please stop-nya!" Selena[Maharaja] Cried.

"Come on! Don't give up. You can do it. Push harder!" Cain patted her back.

"I can't-nya! This is all I can take-nya..." She cried, falling on her knees, panting.

Cain stared at the magic circle in front of them as it faded, "What am I going to do." He looked at her. "We need you to be the one casting the spell so we can take the barrier down."

"I'm not a caster-nya." She looked back at him, "I can use some lighting magic, but that's it-nya."

Cain lifted his hand, recreating the circle. "I only need you to keep it active for a minute. I will cast the spell at the start."

"I can't control it-nya. How do you even make it move-gaw!" Selena squinted her eyes, her tail spiking up as she growled, trying her best to command the magic mentally, but failing each time.

Cain waved his hand and erased the magic circle. "Do you think Gracie would be able to cast it?"

Selena thought for a moment, "She should be-nya. I'm the brawn. Alice could cast complicated holy and curse spells, while Sofia is the elemental blaster. Gracie is the all-rounder between us-nya."

"Then, it's up to her. Or should we pay Alice a visit?" Cain scratched his chin.

"Gracie first-nya. Alice is the only uninjured one of us, I would know if she wasn't fine-nya." Selena looked at the window, "I can't smell her blood, so she should be able to wait-nya."

Cain stood, cracking his neck, "To the shadow forests it is. Do you know the way?"

"Of course-nya!" She smiled, her tail wiggling from left to right.

The two walked downstairs and the inn owner lady approached them, "You're already leaving?" She asked.

"We will return later. We're making a quick trip to the shadow planes." Cain replied and she gasped.

"The shadow planes? You mean the forests to the west?" She stared at them, worried, "That's the entrance to the shadow realms that the goddess of death ruled."

"Goddess of death? That portfolio is here?" He looked outside, "I don't feel any divine magic besides mine."

"You won't feel any. She's the Shinigami, the reaper herself. The inescapable truth, the goal of all life is death. No divine magic would come out of her, that's a natural rule." she looked at Cain for a second and then bowed in panic, "Who am I to lecture a god, please forgive my rudeness."

"Ah! No need for that. I know about the portfolio of death, it's a strong one, but tricky to use." He thought about it. The Gracie he knows is the mother of all life, and the one from the future is the death reaper. Those two look polar opposites in their power.

"We're going to bring her-nya." Selena said with a smile and the owner gasped, "Bring death herself here!?" She cried.

"Worry not, she's a friend of mine." Cain smiled and the owner sighed, "I guess the overgod has relations with death. Just make sure she doesn't kill us,"

****

Cain and Selena went out of the city and to the plans, a long way awaited them.

"I will carry you-nya," She said with a smile.

"Are you sure? We can fly with magic." Cain replied. "I can't have you carry me all the time-nya."

"Fine," He smiled.

BAM! Selena jumped into the air, bursts of lightning covering her body as she transformed into her giant jaguar form. A beast far larger than any mountain or a dragon he had seen in his life, a majestic being comparable in side to Tarra, standing at over three thousand feet tall.

"You were smaller when I saw you last time," Cain looked up, looking at her face.

"I'm still about a quarter of my full size-nya. It changes depending on my health and hunger-nya. I get bigger when healthy and full, and smaller otherwise-nya." Hearing such a massive creature say nya was disorienting, to say the least.

"What is it now? You're hungry or injured?" Cain asked, if it was food, he should have some in his maze, but he doubted he had enough to fill her stomach.

"Some of both-nya. I can eat a lot, and my bones still tingle from that bastard's ice-nya." She lowered her head to look at Cain, "You won't fill my stomach, so forget about that-nya. I'm already used to starvation, that's how I died after I ate my whole world to extinction-nya. And I will recover soon-nya."

Cain looked around, thinking for a while. "I have a temporary solution to starvation. Wait here a bit." He started flying.

"What are you going to do-nya?" She asked, and Cain clenched his fist.

Cain smacked his fists together, "Hunt for my wife." He extended his fist forward and then pulled it.

From the horizon, a massive elephant almost the size of a mountain flew toward him.

Nessus's elephants are sinners who gathered their wealth in an unjust way, causing their people to starve and die. To that, they are doomed to be a food source for devils for all eternity. Sadly, even hell doesn't have enough energy or mana to resurrect them rapidly, and they only spawn back in a week.

That spawning speed wasn't a problem for devils, and will never be considering how big one elephant is, but to Selena, that was too slow.

Cain swung his fist down, smacking the elephant's skull, the shockwave of his hit traveled across the sinner's bones and turned his brain into mush, killing him instantly.

Thud! He grabbed the elephant by the left tusk and threw him toward Selena's face. "Here you go! The first one!" He shouted.

Selena opened her jaw, eating the elephant like a tiger munching on a chicken.

"Next one will spawn in a week-nya," Selena said but soon gasped as she saw the elephant respawning immediately.

"All I need is to release my mana to the ground and hell will absorb it like ground absorb water. I will supply hell with enough energy to feed you." With a smile on his face, he lifted his arms.

"Come to me! Elephants!" He shouted with a smile on his face, and two more elephants were pulled from the distance by his magic.

CRACK! Thwack! Thud! With three strokes, Cain killed the two elephants he pulled and the one that was newly resurrected. "Here you go! Three fresh ones." He smiled, throwing them at Selena.

"Isn't this taxing on your mana?" Selena asked as she munched on the elephants.

"I have too much mana to run out. Just my passive regeneration is enough to cover an elephant every ten seconds. Don't worry about it and eat your full." As he said that, the three elephants were respawning again.

He cracked his knuckles, "Sorry fat guys, I have a very expensive kitten to keep. You're going to suffer here a bit." Cain kept pulling more elephants and killing those who respawned until he was dealing with twenty at the same time.

Each time Selena finished one elephant, she grew larger and larger. Before they looked like chickens compared to a tiger, but now they aren't looking any more impressive than a tiny hummingbird in a lion's jaw.

The devils from the city watched, standing on the walls. Even though Cain and Selena were a fair distance away, their sheer size made them as visible as mountains.

"Why are those elephants respawning like that?" A devil asked.

"You fool! The overgod is there, he must have done something." Another punched his friend.

"Is no one about to talk about how Maharaja is getting far bigger than any time we saw her? She over twice the size we know." Another cried.

"She must have been starving," A woman looked at Selena eating an elephant after the other. "She was starving herself even if we knew her as the one who eats everything."

"Are you saying she was holding back? Even with all she ate? The cities and sinners, hordes of them." A devil growled.

"Yeah, even hell isn't enough to feed her. Unless he's here it seems." The inn owner lady sighed, "To think such a man stayed in my inn, all that power compressed into a careless human look."

Some devils stared at her, "That's right, you got closer to him. Did he tell you anything?" Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

She shook her head, "Nothing, except they are bringing death here."

The devils gasped, shaking in terror, "Hold up! Why death, isn't there any other creature here to bring?" One of them cried.

"Death is death! We will all die!" Another shook his head.

"I'm sure he can keep her in check." The inn owner smiled, "He tamed Maharaja, and hell, do you think death could stop the overgod? I don't think so."

"I don't know about that," A devil looked at Cain and Maharaja. "Death is a bit special. Asmodeus sent her to the overworld and she died at a drow hands. But now, she's been attuning herself to the shadow realms. I don't know what kind of monster would emerge."

"She was already horrifying, I hope she doesn't end up killing him and Maharaja." Another sighed.