Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 844 Cain Vs Death I

After feeding Selena to her full, Cain and she headed toward the shadow plans to find Gracie.

Thud! Selena stopped a valley before the forest, shifting back to her humanoid form. "Were close-nya. I can feel her magic oozing out-nya."

"Her magic, you say?" Cain looked at Selena with a worried face. "It's quite tained. She might have gotten too close to the death portfolio."

He looked toward the forest, seeing it burning in shadows that looked like a raging black flame. "An entrance to the shadow realm. The mirror image of the real world and where the evil beings of people live."

"It's where the shinigami kills people to end their life span-nya. If your evil side in the plan died, you would die in reality as well-nya." Selena looked at Cain, "In her life-nya, you reached death-nya, and she had to harvest your soul-nya." Her tail dropped, "That didn't sit well in her head-nya. She tried to get rid of the portfolio and drove herself weaker over time-nya."

"And that's why she lost to Jazred. What about our world reaper? Did he try to do anything about her?" Cain asked. Gracie came from another world, so that caused some consequences.

"She confronted Gracie several times-nya, but it never escalated to violence as long as death could do her world without Gracie's interferance-nya." Selena looked at Cain, "But..."

"Gracie's refusal of the death portfolio eventually affected the death of this world. No, it wasn't just Gracie. I bet Mira's actions have angered death more." He looked at the forest, "Restoring death and pulling Gracie out of there would mean we would see more deaths in the future,"

"True-nya, but we can't leave Gracie there-nya." The two approached the shadow forest.

The moment they stepped into the shadows, they sank down as if falling through water.

BLOP! In the blink of an eye, they found themselves standing in a grayed-out version of hell.

"We're there-nya, now to find Gracie-nya." Selena smiled, but Cain grabbed her by the shoulder. "No need to search. She's there awaiting us."

Gracie stood a fair distance ahead of them with an emotionless face. Before breaking into a smile. "Those elephants, you really like to abuse death." Her voice crackled as if dragged through a long tube.

CLANG! Cain pulled his sword just in case. He had a bad hunch about this.

"Cain-nya! We aren't here to fight Gracie-nya!" Selena stared at him.

Cain grunted, sweat dripping from his forehead, "That isn't Gracie, it's death."

"Hehe!" Death giggled, dropping one of Gracie's daggers that hung down by a steel string. "You're a sensitive one, aren't you, Cain." She said.

"What happened to Gracie?" He growled.

"Don't worry, she's awaiting her death as all living things should. You might perceive me as evil, but I only push the natural order forward. I make sure no one dies before their time, and no one lives after their life span." She started spinning the dagger.

"From your stance, I guess I have to die, right?" Cain took a stance, ready for a fight.

"You shouldn't exist in the first place, Cain. Your mere existence is a flaw in the world." She started walking forward, "This world's here isn't you, nor Sofia, nor any of your companions, all of you should be already dead. The one blessed to be the world's here is your father, Chad."

"You're wrong," Cain started walking toward her, "You can't change the world while being bound by it. You have to be an irregularity to make any meaning full chance and shift the world away from its course to doom."

"I'm never right or wrong, I'm not even a person for you to have a debate against. I'm death, a natural concept created by AO to balance the world. The balance call your end."

SWOSH! Death swung her arm, sending her dagger flying at Cain's neck. He jumped back to dodge, but she slid behind him, tying the steel rope around his neck. "Death."

CLACK! Cain's head flew into the sky, leaving a blood trail.

"HA?" Selena gasped, barely able to flow them.

CRACKLE! Cain's body twitched, his hand grabbing Death by the hair. CLACK! A new head grew on his neck, "This isn't enough to kill me. It seems your portfolio doesn't affect gods."

"It does," She pulled on the string, causing her dagger to change direction once again, cutting Cain's eyes before he could realize it.

She spun in place, pulling a second dagger and stabbing him several times in the chest.

"You just have too many lives..." She said with a grin.

Back in the mansion, Aria fell on her knees, puking blood.

"Tens of souls are dying," She gasped, feeling the brains in her network withering with each strike Cain took. "Notice: All armies start gathering more souls from the vile depth of the abyss." She sent an instant order.

ZON! Lilia teleported to her, "What's the matter?"

"Death, it's harvesting all the souls in Cain's body. Ripping each of his hearts and brains one at a time. It's only a matter of time before he perishs." Aria replied.

"Death, so it's her." Lilia scratched her head, "There is nothing we can do about this, only wait and hope he has what it takes to surpass her. She isn't even a person to defeat, she's a world concept."

Back in the fight, Cain jumped away and pointed his hand at Gracie, "Don't blame me if you get hurt," VAM! A burst of magic blasted her away, "Even death, you can't kill me without a medium, right?"

"Hehe," She giggled, "You say I can't kill you? You're already dead,"

CLACK! Cain puked blood as more of his heads burst open, "Your name had already been written on the stone board of the dead, and soon everyone else would follow you."

"Tch!" Cain growled, looking back at Selena, "Don't interfere, let me handle her." She won't last long, one hit of death and she's gone.

"You don't have time to think about anything else." Gracie started spinning her dagger, swosh! And she threw it at him.

CLANG! Cain deflected the dagger and teleported toward her, swinging his blade down.

"Get out of Gracie's body," CLANG! He cut her in half.

"You can't kill death, you fool." She giggled, "I will be the second last thing to die in the world, my life will only be claimed back by AO who first gave it to me. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

She grabbed the dagger with her hand, "Hehe! You're death is near!" With one swing, she sent a wave of death magic, covering a large area.

BAM! Cain jumped back as fast as he could, avoiding the death cloud. "You're a real monster."

He watched as Gracie's two halves stuck together. It was a bit horrifying to see death in a maid outfit, ready to harvest his head.

He lifted his sword, but the next thing he noticed was Gracie's foot on his face. She kicked him across the mountains, her raw power wasn't something to underestimate.

"I thought," He laughed, standing up with her footprint on his face, "You only relied on death to kill people."

"Are you a fool? I can gouge people's organs as well as snuff their souls. It doesn't matter as the result is always death." She approached him, burning black flames engulfing her body.

"Let me show you, how death really fights." With a smile on her face, the portfolio rumbled, causing everything around them to start dying. Even in hell, the sinners and devils nearby fell as corpses, never resurrecting.

"Unleashed death, the one truth." Thud! From the flames, she walked forth wearing a black robe, the one of the death reaper but the scythe was nowhere to be seen.

CRACK! Cain stood, "Where is your scythe? This isn't your full power, is it?"

Death smiled, "You will only see that if you survived long enough," She lifted her dagger, "This should be enough for you."

Cain lifted his sword in his right hand, pointing at the sky, "If you want to fight like that, then I should do the same." CRACK! His shirt burned to ash as he smiled.

"Whisper! Yog sothoth," A divine light fell from the sky as Lilia disappeared from the mansion.

A flooding black goo gushed out of Cain's sword, filled with glaring green eyes as the blade shifted into pure darkness. SWOSH! He moved his blade down and tentacles burst from his back, filled with eyeballs.

"I would pull some of my power as well," He smiled, his torso and arms filled with green eyes and black tattoos.

Death smiled, "Ho, Yog, it's been a long time. I see you found someone to stick close to after AO's departure."

"I only want AO back, don't you want the same?" The blade replied.

"I only want his will seen through, don't you want the same thing?" Death replied, for some reason, she and Lilia sounded almost the same. Two are outside Mortal's understanding.