Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 845 Cain Vs Death II

BAM! Death lunged forth, swinging her dagger at Cain's neck. CLANG! He blocked with Yog's sword, deflecting the attack aside and singing back at her neck.

CRACK! Death blocked Cain's sword with her second dagger, twisting her torso and Grabbing him by the neck by wrapping her leg around him.

Cain gasped, grabbing her tight, and tried to release his neck, but her grip was unhuman in power. ^She isn't latching onto me with strength, but her body is stuck to mine?^ He realized, but it was too late. Death stared at his face, spitting on him.

Cain's vision blurred as her toxin seeped into his blood, taking hold of his body.

The eyes on his torso twitched and glared back at Death, moving his body to punch her in the face.#

"Fighting back, Yog." Death smiled, biting Cain's hand off.

CRACK! A mouth opened on Cain's stomach and giggled, "Death, it's been a long time, and the first thing we do is kill each other. Can't we sit for tea for once?" You asked.

"I wish we could, but not when you're violating death." CRACK! Death kicked Cain in the face and lunged back, "What will you do if you find that someone burned all of your test subjects? You would be pissed, won't you?" Death giggled.

"We kinda did that to you, but you know better than anyone that you can't hold the world's rules when seeking to change it," Yog replied as Cain's head healed.

Thud!

Selena blinked. Everything had happened in that split second. First, she saw Death approach Cain, then they were standing far away from each other with each of them looking different.

Thud! Cain took a step forward with a stern face.

Death opened her arms and smiled, "You're approaching me? You can see magic, can't you?"

Cain could see several daggers floating around Death, one wrong move, and they would cleave his head and take tens of his souls to nothing. Even as a god, he can't count on being a total immortal.

"I know you're baiting me to attack from range. That's why I need to get close and personal." From Yog's eyes, Cain could see down to Death's bones and organs. She was Gracie he was looking for. It's just that the portfolio she's been suppressing had taken over her body.

She's the polar opposite of the Gracie he knew. One is the mother of all life, and this one is the goal of all life and Death.

This time, he isn't fighting an opponent. Thinking of it like that would end up with his demise. He's facing Death itself.

^Raw power and might won't defeat her. I need a rule, a world rule that allows me to cheat Death itself.

Time reversal? No, the inevitable truth is that I will die at the same time no matter how much I try escaping it.

Immortal body? No, everything withers to Death, time, and sickness. An immortal body can still be destroyed.

An indestructible and immortal body? No, I'm thinking backward. I need to cheat Death to achieve that. Also, my soul would remain vulnerable.

The only being in the world where death didn't apply was AO, the one who created Death itself.

Even Death would one day die, leaving only AO alive. No, is he even alive? Cain lunged forward, swinging his sword at Death while his mind tried to figure a way out.

"Cain, she's harvesting your souls faster than Aria can replenish them from the abyss. Keep your distance or you will end up dead in less than five minutes." Yog grunted inside his head.

"Say, Yog." Death smiled, "Why won't you tell him how to beat me? You know how, don't you?"

"It isn't that easy to do! We won't even have time if we tried." Yog growled back at her.

BAM! Cain kicked death away and looked at the eyes on his torso. "What is it?"

"AO isn't here anymore, and his seat is empty. Death won't get you if you took his place." Yog replied, "You're nowhere near that level, and we have no chance of achieving it here. We aren't beating death that way."

"Damn it," He growled.

"Heard her? Defeating me is impossible. Your life already ended the moment you walked here." She lifted her hand, "The goal of all life is death. From ash to ash, I alone shall be the second one standing after AO. Death." Black flames engulfed her body as her head turned into a skull, carrying a massive scythe in her hand. The true form of death, the reaper of souls.

As Cain looked at her, something clicked in his head. Wait... she could have already killed me... but why do I feel she's trying to sway me from something?

SWOSH! Death swung her scythe at Cain's head, "This is the end."

CLANG! Cain lifted his hand, catching the sight.

"Hehe," He giggled, "To think, I forgot that. I'm really getting old, aren't I?" He swung his foot forward, kicking death in the face, and sent her flying back.

The eyes on his body disappeared as he walked forward, his hair growing longer and his nails turning black as two small horns emerged on his forehead.

"It's not Lilia that I need to fight you." He smiled, "We were already cheating you. That's why you're so angry. I first got reincarnated, Mary messed with everything, and then I started messing with the divine order. We always cheated death."

"Cheating death and defeating me are two different things. " Death giggled, "But, what's that form?"

As Cain walked forward, two bat wings emerged on his back with a leathery black tail.

"This? I borrowed one of my wife's powers," He smiled, "I'm sure she won't mind sitting down for a while."

****

Back in the mansion, Gracie felt something strange in her body. She looked at her hands, "My divine spark, it went to Cain." She stood from her couch and approached Sofia. "How do I look?"

With one glare, Sofia determined that at that moment, Gracie was back to being a regular succubus. All of her divine powers were nowhere to be seen.

Amaterasu stared at them, "All our portfolios belong to the overgod. He just took your powers to use them." She said with a passive face, "Cain should be the father of all life now."

ZON! Lilia appeared beside them, "HAAAA!" She sighed, "He sent me back. But, Gracie, Cain is using your powers to fight death." She said with a smile.

"Fight the what?" Everyone gasped.

****

Thud! Cain took a step forward, a smile on his face. "How do I look?" Opening his arms, he approached her fully naked.

"Ugly, did you have to become an incubus with that portfolio?" Death growled.

"Sorry, I took on Gracie's nature when using her power. Right now, I'm the cubus god and the father of all life."

"Wear something," Death growled.

"Nah," Cain giggled, "I fight like this."

BAM! Death lunged forward, swinging her scythe at Cain's neck but he caught it. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

HAAAAAA! He took a deep breath and exhaled at her face.

"What are..." She was about to speak but soon noticed flesh growing on her bones. "Wait! I'm reverting?"

"The more you push death, I will push life. Can you kill me first, or can I give you a life first? Who of us would succumb to the other first." Cain pushed her away. "You would look better with some flesh on your bones. Trust me."

"You won't hold that power forever, once you give it back I will be back to take your head." Death smiled, pointing her scythe at Cain's neck.

"How about this?" Cain waved his hands, sending a signal through Aria to everyone who had a system, touching the life force.

"Tch!" Death growled, "You bastard, do you know what you just did?"

Cain smiled, "Of course, if you kill me. You would end up killing everyone in the world. I'm the overgod, don't you think that my death should bring destruction to the whole world?"

Death sighed, "You insane bastard. Her scythe disappeared."

Cain's life is linked to the whole world now and she can't just kill him. As killing him would cause more damage than it would fix. The same reason Primos didn't try to kill?Lilia.

"So now, do you mind leaving Gracie's body?" Cain approached death.

"Leave her?" Death giggled, "I'm her portfolio. Me and her are one." Death's aura disappeared as Gracie fell on her face, unconscious.

Cain returned the portfolio of life Back to Gracie and lifted the one in front of him. "The mother of all life and the goal of all life." He looked at her, "To think I would see both."

"Cain-nya! What happened-nya?" Selena rushed toward him, "I barely could see what was happening."

"I had to fight her portfolio. I won, so don't worry." Cain smiled, "All I needed to do is make it more troublesome to kill me."

"What do you mean-nya?"

"Don't worry about it." Cain turned, "Let's take her back to hell's lip and get Sofia out of the volcano."