Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 846 Rakshasa's Menace

Gracie opened her eyes in a room she didn't know. She sat up, looking around. "This isn't the shadow realm," She mumbled, standing up and walking to the door.

At that moment, she could sense a faint aura beneath her room. "This, Cain's magic," She gasped, quickly lunging toward the window to run away.

^Don't worry,^ A voice boomed in her head.

"Death, you're already awake." Gracie gasped.

^We already fought, and he won. He won't be dying anytime soon, not from me at least.^ Death sighed, ^For real, this one is a far bigger monster than the one you knew.^

Thud! Gracie sat down, a relieved look on her face.

CLICK! The door opened, and Cain walked in, "You seem to have woken up. How do you feel?"

"How did you survive?" Gracie asked with a puzzled face.

"Simple, all I had to do is become a world pillar, something that it can't function without. Currently, if death killed me, I would be taking every living being with me." Cain explained with a grin, "You can say I'm taking the whole world as a hostage."

Gracie stood, "I guess you seek answers,"

"No, I only want to gather you four and send Beelzebub to Lucifer to fight. I don't care for your reasons, as long as you are alive and doing well." He smiled.

Gracie sat back on the bed, "That's a relief,"

Cain sat beside her, "You don't have to worry about me dying again. Selena did tell me that the four of you lost me in different ways,"

"They lost you. I killed you." Gracie mumbled, her voice cracking.

A tiny mouth opened on her cheek, "To be clear, that was me. Your time simply came." Death said, "And you weren't strong enough to stop me at that time."

"Even so, I couldn't stop her," Gracie mumbled.

****

Selena stared at the stairs and turned around, walking toward the exit.

"Lady Maharaja, are you leaving?" The inn owner asked.

"Just going for a walk. It's been a while since I felt like this." She smiled.

"His aura is so calming. Even the hell's air feels fresh and cold with him around." The inn owner smiled.

"I don't know about you, but to me. This is the first time in thousands of years that I felt I was under someone else's protection. She giggled. I don't need to be on the lookout all the time." Selena smiled, "So-nya! Going to catch a bird for lunch-nya!"

The inn owner sighed as she saw Selena rush out of the door on all fours, climbing the neighbor's house as if it were nothing.

"What do humans call those tiny monsters of their...cats?" She turned back toward the kitchen, "Well, even Her Majesty the Maharaja can calm down with a full belly."

Thud! She stopped working as she felt an aura behind her. She slowly turned around to see seven Rakshasas behind her.

"What do you want? It's rare to even see you around here," She asked.

"We're looking for our queen. We felt her aura change, and her blood thirst disappeared." One of them growled.

The inn owner pointed with her thumb at the door, "She just left, meowing like a cat."

One of them pulled his sword, pointing it at the inn owner's face. "Stop lying! Her aura disappeared a while ago. Where is she?"

"You sure you want to do this?" She rested her fists on her hips, a fiery blaze glowing in her eyes, "You don't want to piss me off, do you?"

One of the Rakshasa smiled, "We know you're strong. This is the lowest layer, after all. None one here is weak. But we must know where our queen is, or we will kill everyone here and keep searching."

The inn owner sighed, sitting on a chair with her legs crossed. "If she's hiding her presence I think it's a bad idea to chase after her. You would end up dead."

"So you were lying before?" The other men growled, pulling their weapons. "Your life is forfeit. Where is our queen."

The inn owner sighed, a stream of fire gushing out of her teeth, "Sadly, I'm not the first person you have to worry about." She smiled, turning back to her work and ignoring them.

"I'm in his presence. To those who submit, he provides protection." She giggled.

Thud! Thud! Thud! Cain appeared at the top of the stairs, Gracie standing beside him.

He looked at the Rakshasas with a smile, "Look! A bunch of beast people," He looked at Gracie.

"They are Rakshasas." She replied.

Cain started walking downstairs, and the Rakshasas growled, "Who are you?"

Cain ignored their warning and approached one of them, patting his head. "He has a soft fur!" Cain looked back at Gracie, surprised at how different it felt from Selena's. Her fur was thick, and her skin felt more like solid stones.

The Rakshasa Cain was patting grunted, getting enraged quickly. SWOSH! He swung his blade at Cain's neck, but it stopped right before it hit.

"Master," Gracie said, "The kitten loves scratching. Should I clip her nails? Or at least dull them?"

"No need! No need!" Cain waved his hand, rubbing his palm on the sword's sharp edge, "It's already way too dull to harm anyone."

ROAR! The Rakshasa roared, swinging its claws at Cain's head, but each strike stopped before it hit.

"See?" Cain looked back at Gracie, "They are harmless,"

The inn owner giggled, "I told you. I'm not the one you have to worry about." She then looked at Cain, "Can you please not destroy my inn?"

"Don't worry. They aren't going to leave a single scratch in here." He lifted his fingers, and the Rakshasas started floating. "I'm taking them out,"

They started roaring, "Put us down! You wizard!"

"They are noisy," Gracie growled.

Cain waved his fingers, and their voices disappeared. "A powerful silent spell. I have enchanted the first level spell [Silence] and empowered her several levels ahead."

As he explained, Cain walked out with the Rakshasas and dropped them in the middle of the street. He stood there, staring at them as he cracked his neck, "Hush! Hush! I bet she already sensed you. The fact she's not showing up means she doesn't want to see you."

"Who are you to decide that?" One of the Rakshasas growled.

"Who am I?" Cain glared back at him.

CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! CLAP! In that instant, all the devils in the street ran away inside their homes, closing the windows and hiding their goods and slaves.

This weirded the Rakshasas out. They just came into the city several minutes ago. Why are devils so Afraid of this white soul-worm-looking guy?

"Cain Lisworth, a wizard," Cain replied, staring at them with his eyes glowing blue.

"A living one? Not a devil or a sinner, I see. You must be quite strong to survive down here." One of the Rakshasas smiled, "We respect the strong,"

Cain looked at him, "That doesn't really matter. If Selena doesn't want to meet you, you're not meeting her."

The Rakshasa sighed, "You might be strong, but Can you take on all of us?"

"The question isn't if I can or not. It's how many of you I would let live." Cain replied, his eyes glowing with a menacing blue flare.

"Let's see about that!" One of the Rakshasas gasped, swinging his sword at Arad's neck.

"Flames of Phlegethos!" Cain pulled his sword, igniting the blade in a blazing flame as he sliced the beast's sword in half.

"A fire sword? And with such a bold name," The Rakshasa growled, pulling two swords from his magical pocket.

SWOSH! Cain swung his sword with one hand at the Rakshasa with a clear smile. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

CLANG! CLANG! The Rakshasa blocked Cain's strike with a confident grin, "Those blades are immune to fire," He roared, swinging several attacks at Cain's neck and chest.

With a blazing sword, Cain deflected all the attacks with one hand without moving a step. "Sorry! Those look expensive,"

With a giggle, Cain sliced the Rakshasa's blades into pieces, shocking him.

"How is that possible?" He glared at Cain, who was laughing with a dumb face. "Don't blame me. You're the one who attacked."

"You bastard!" The others growled, and Cain looked at them, "If fire is too much for you, how about this?" The flames in his blade faded, turning into lightning. "Tingles of Baalzebul,"

"Fire and lightning?" The Rakshasa gasped, all pulling their weapons to kill Cain.

Gracie and the inn owner sat inside the inn, watching the fight.

"Say, how much power is he using?" The inn owner asked.

"Less than what you need to be unconscious. A fraction of millions from what. He can output." Gracie replied, "He doesn't want to kill those Rakshasas as they don't emit any malice."

"No malice? Those idiots threatened me," She replied, staring back at Gracie with a puzzled face.

"They do have the power to back their claims, but no intention of actually doing it. Even if you refused, they would rage and leave without harming you or anyone else." Gracie sighed, "They only want to find their queen. Killing people isn't on their list. And even now, no one of them tried to use a killing move on Cain despite seeing he's far stronger than they expected."

"So you're saying they are only putting up a violent front?" The inn owner sighed.

"Those kittens hiss and growl, but they are terrified, lost, and seeking shelter in their queen's territory. Cain realized that, and is playing with them."