Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 847 To The Gate of Acheron

Cain swung the tingles of Baalzebul at the Rakshasa, shocking them each time they tried to block his swings. The moment they realized they couldn't beat him in sword skill, they jumped back, charged a strange green spell, and got ready for a counterattack.

^Toxic claws, I see. A spell that should guarantee their win if it hits at least once. And it also isn't lethal, what are they planning for?^

"Care to talk this out?" He said with a smile.

"Die!"

The Rakshasas charged at Cain, swinging their swords.

He smiled, lifting his hands.

^You all came here in search of your queen, but sadly, she doesn't want to see you. Let's put an end to this. You won't completely die. This is hell, after all.^

ZON! In the blink of an eye, the Rakshasas found themselves standing alone in the middle of Nessus's wastelands, staring up at Cain floating beneath the clouds.

"Rakshasas are immune to all magic beneath the sixth tier. But that is determined based on the amount of mana contained in the spell." Cain said, putting his hands together.

[First Tier: Fire Bolt]

BAM! From the sky behind Cain. Billions of fire bolts rained down like a hail storm.

The Rakshasas gasped, but their eyes could tell them. All of those are mere first-tier spells. They should be fine. Or so they thought.

They jumped into the sky, tanking all hits as they tried to reach Cain. One strike and his magic would halt, they thought.

"How many of those are touching your bodies at the same time? For how long?" Cain smiled as he glared down at them.

Cain's magic wasn't anything complicated, just a regular spell with no modification besides the sheer number of casts.

The Rakshasas' defense dispelled a certain amount of mana from spells, neutralizing them. This usually makes them immune to anything of the sixth tier or lower. But with how much Arad threw at them, their innate ability couldn't neutralize it fast enough.

One firebolt hits and gets dispelled, but ten appear in its place. If the ten were dispelled, a thousand appeared.

That quickly overpowered the Rakshasas' magic immunity, and they were cooked alive by mere first-tier spells.

Burning the strongest devils with immunity to magic and fire with the lowest spell. It's like drowning fish in the water, a truly divine feat unimaginable to mortals.

Cain landed, watching the Rakshasas resurrect with a smile on his face.

As the first of them resurrected, he stared at Cain with a terrified face. "Who are you? No, what are you?"

Thud! Selena landed beside Cain, "My husband-nya. He's far stronger than me, so be careful. Even hell won't save you if he wanted you dead."

"Since when?" The second one gasped, "We never knew you had a husband. The last thing we heard was you going to fight an ice mage with gray hair and silver armor."

"That was silver-nya," Selena sighed.

"The lord of Cania?" They gasped.

"Don't worry," Cain waved his hand, "I already killed the bastard." He giggled, "Making my way down here was quite fun and annoying at the same time."

The Rakshasas stared at each other, confused. "Honestly, who are you?"

"He is..." Selena tried to think of a way to explain it, but then a voice came from behind them. "You let them live?"

It was the inn's owner. She came after Selena with Gracie.

"He's the overgod of the world." She said with a grin, "The one you just challenged is the pillar supporting the whole existence,"

"You must be joking. What would bring an overgod to the lower hells?"

"His wives?" Gracie tilted her head, looking at Cain, "He was taking it easy on you."

"Can we go to the gate of Acheron-nya?" Selena looked at Cain.

"Acheron, the endless battlefield?"

"Not that, the city at its gate here in the hells-nya. Their capital-nya." She replied.

"The gate of Acheron isn't just our capital. It's the city of our queen, her." They looked at Selena. "We are only ruled by the Maharaja, so it's not a hereditary seat. She is the Maharaja and the throne in her right." The Rakshasa stood.

"Our queen, we want you back in the capital. It's been years since you left off, and the last thing we heard is that you were badly injured against Silver." One of them replied with a worried face.

Selena sighed, "I hate that place-nya. It's calm and weird-nya. I rather run around and hunt my meals rather than it brought to me on silver plates."

"Shall we take a detour? I can always teleport back to hell's lip, and Gracie would take a while to learn the spell to free Sofia." Cain smiled, "Let's go see what they need."

"You're quickly leaving?" The inn owner stared at them, "And I was quite happy housing the overgod in my inn. You know, even devils like that."

"I will create a teleportation link between your inn and the gate of Acheron. You would be the only one who can use it, and it might prove useful for your business."

"Just having you was a blessing, but I won't refuse such a gift." She bowed, and they teleported back to the city.

After setting everything aside, Cain teleported with the Rakshasa, Selena, and Gracie toward the gate of Acheron, heading to the city inhabited by the great hunters of the hells.

Thud! The moment they appeared in front of the city walls, the guards aimed their spells at them, "Who are you?"

"Drop your weapons! Fools!" One of the Rakshasas shouted, walking forward, "We brought the great Maharaja back to her land, open the gates."

The great black gates of obsidian crackled open as tens of mighty beasts pulled the burning chains. Hoards of Rakshasas lined behind the walls, bowing to greet their long-awaited queen.

The Rakshasa's society was vastly female-dominated, with the men taking a lesser position serving them. Those who came to pick Selena were the servants of such a woman. A Rajah going by the name of Ashimon, the golden necklace.

She stood in front of the gate with a smug smile on her face. A tiger woman with blue eyes and a thin build. She wore what could only be described as thin and sparse layers of silk as she walked toward Cain and the others like an actress on a stage.

Cain took a quick glance at her and he could only get one conclusion, those who came to pick them up were earnest and focused on their mission. This woman on the other hand is crafty and is already thinking of a way to steal Selena's power and ascend to a Maharaja.

"Our queen, it's a pleasure for me to meet you." She said with a smile, a disturbing fire burning in her eyes.

The Rakshasas that were with Cain bowed to her as she approached, her glare scanning the standing three with her eyes.

"Our queen came with two servants, a maid, and a wizard." She giggled, staring at Selena, "They are quite mannerless, aren't they?" Her eyes shifted back to Cain.

"You hold your head quite high, don't you?" She smiled.

"Hmmm," Cain looked back at her with a smile, "If I don't mind bowing to Selena and Gracie there. But you aren't on my list, not even close."

"Big words for a servant," She looked back at Selena, "Why don't you teach him a lesson in respect?" Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Cain looked at the Rakshasa that came with them, "You don't need to bow to her, stand up." He said.

Ashimon giggled, "You think my loyal servants would listen to you?" But as she said, they all stood at his words.

She blinked twice, confused. "You fools want your heads cut off?"

The Rakshasas looked at each other, confused. Someone tells her she's standing in front of the overgod.

"Back to you." Cain smiled, taking one step forward. "Aren't you holding your head quite too high? How about a nice bow?"

Veins bulged in her forehead as she extended her claws, ready to strike.

SPLAT! In the blink of an eye, her head got blasted into a million pieces and her body fell on the ground. Everyone in the city gasped.

"Your queen is standing right there and you don't bother bowing, what a fool." CRACK! Cain kicked her corpse toward the trash which she revived soon after.

A few moments later the royal guards came rushing in with a golden carriage drawn by large horse-like beasts. "Our queen, we came to escort you to the court."

"Let's make this quick..." Selena sighed, not even feeling like adding nya to her speech.

"You lots," Cain looked at the Maharaja, "You're coming with us. I have a better job for you,"

Cain, Selena, and Gracie rode in a carriage while the rest rode in another. In a few minutes, they reached the royal court of the Rakshasas, a large castle-like structure with tens of golden towers, silk carpets, and pillows.