Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 849 Breaking Flames

The Rakshasa knocked on the door, walking in smiling. "Your majesty, great sultan of the Rakshasa empire, Maharaja. The gates of Acheron are ready for your presence," One of them said, bowing.

Cain stood, "Let's get this over with," He stood, walking forward, "Rajah of Maharaja, please follow us,"

They walked out of the palace and headed toward the city center, seeing a large cube the size of a house floating in the air. The cube spun with a gray door on each of its faces.

"Your majesty, great sultan of the Rakshasa empire, Maharaja. Only your claws have the strength to force the cube to stop and open the doors. We can climb and slip through ourselves, but moving goods is almost impossible." One of them explained.

Cain stood, staring at the cube and inspecting its magic. Mana rushed from the corners toward the center, keeping the structure stable. The nature of the magic was that of teleportation and warping.

This cube is a tiny replica of Acheron, and walking into any of the doors would get you out in the real Acheron at the corresponding face.

"We can't stop it from spinning," Cain replied, "The power of Acheron moves it." He looked at the Rakshasas.

"That's why we need the power of Her Majesty, great sultan of the Rakshasa empire, Maharaja." A Rakshasa replied with a proud face.

Cain scratched his head, "You don't understand a word of what I said. This thing spins according to the plane of Acheron. Asking her to stop it is like asking her to stop a whole world."

"I will give it a try-nya," Selena walked forward, but Cain stopped her, "Listen, don't. You will die."

He lifted his cane and tapped the ground. "Leave it to me. I got an easier solution."

From the ground, six golden doors emerged, glowing with divine magic. "Those gates would take you to each of Acheron's faces. I even labeled them for you." He stared at the Rakshasas with a smile, "So, who of you got the idea of asking Selena to stop the cube?"

"It's the tradition," One of the Rakshasa replied, "The previous Maharaja stopped it."

"I doubt that this thing can't be stopped by someone beside me and a select few." He looked around. "One of you seems to need some punishment," His eyes flared with blue flames.

Selena and Gracie looked at Cain, "You mean someone wanted to kill Selena?" Gracie asked.

"That's my guess. They knew trying to stop the cube only resulted in death, and they wanted to send Selena to her end."

Cain turned around, "Follow me, we're going back to hell's lip."

"You won't try finding who-nya?" Selena asked.

"I already did. She will come to us on her own later." Cain replied as they walked, the Rakshasa getting out of their way.

****

Several hours later, they returned to hell's lips, and the inn owner greeted them with a smile.

"It's only been a short while, but I missed you." She got close to Cain, rubbing her three breasts on his shoulder.

With a gentle move, Cain pushed her aside, "Don't stick too close. I want to focus on getting my work here done first." He then turned toward Gracie, "How is the spell going?"

She bowed, "I think I can cast it. Should we go try?" She smiled.

"Of course," With a smile on his face, Cain waved his staff, creating threads of magic that morphed into clothes.

[Enchant: Divine Fire]

This enchantment granted fire resistance by using divine magic to break down the hell's cursed flames and reflect the heat.

"You can create items just like that?" The inn owner gasped.

"I can, but those aren't enough to withstand the volcano heat," Cain replied. This was like trying to swim in lava with heat-resistant clothes, impossible.

"Aren't enough," The inn owner giggled, "Even so, care to make me something?"

"What do you want?" Cain approached her with a smile. "It won't take long. I will make it for you."

She giggled with a red face, "Then. Can I get a contract collar? A nice one that resists binding,"

Cain blinked, "A contract collar? You want something that allows you to break contracts signed between mortals and devils."

She giggled, "A late throw trick. I wouldn't mind hiding it as a trump card,"

"I can make such a thing, but you know there is a side effect, right?" He stared at her.

"The collar work by making me a slave to the maker." She replied, "I don't think I would mind if that was the overgod of the world. We're already under your mercy, after all."

Cain lifted his hand and conjured a golden collar, "the collar of the thousand souls. This should fit what you asked for. As long as the one you're contracted with is weaker than me, you can void the contract at any point."

She took the collar with a smile, "Thank you. Want me to do anything?"

"Not for now," Cain replied, "We have to go and pull someone out of the mountain. And then I have Beelzebul and Asmodeus to free." He scratched his head, "I will be back for you after that,"

Cain, Selena, and Gracie walked out of the inn and headed toward Astaroth's mansion. From it, they took the dungeon route and finally reached Sofia's lava bubble under Cain's protective spells.

"Do it," Cain said, "I will pull Sofia out immediately and teleport us out." He extended his staff.

Gracie took a deep breath of the searing hot air and chanted the barrier spell. The magic surrounding Sofia's enclosure shook, cracking at each word.

When Cain felt it finally crumble, he swung his staff, sending strands of magic through the lava. Quickly, he reached Sofia's body, feeling her tender flesh and biscuit-like bones.

She was there because her body couldn't take it anymore, she lived far too long and was far too weak to remain alive, yet the divine nature of her soul, and the power of the nine hells kept her alive.

"She's weaker than I expected, I have to regress her age a bit from here first, or I will crush her," He said, focusing on his magic.

The age regression magic didn't manipulate time. It simply used the information stored within the target's cells, copied them, and repaired their bodies. It simply reversed the degradation effect time has on entities' bodies and souls.

Due to its complicated nature, and the distance between him and Sofia, Cain had to decrease his focus on the protective spell to make sure he didn't mess up the regression spell. But that is risking Selena and Gracie's life.

Even if they could resurrect here, he didn't want to see his wives get cooked alive behind his back.

"You two, come close to me. No, squeeze into my robe," He shouted, and the two rushed in, hiding at his side.

Cain decreased the side of his protective spell to only around his body, barely covering Selena and Gracie who hugged him.

"Good! I got her," He smiled, feeling Sofia's body slowly get back into shape.

"How long will this take?" Gracie asked.

"Take your time-nya!" Selena smiled, hugging him. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"I'm almost done, a minute will be enough," The moment he felt her body was able to withstand him pulling her out of the lava, he started moving.

Sofia's body moved inside the poll of lava, dragged by think threads of magic till she reached the wall, where Cain teleported her to his arms.

[Teleportation] Immediately, he escaped from the volcano with everyone, landing back in the inn.

The inn owner gasped, seeing them appear out of nowhere.

"Who's that?" She asked, seeing Cain carrying an old hag in his hands." But that didn't last long. The hag's body quickly shifted to that of a woman in her early forties or late thirties.

"Tiamat, one of my wives," He smiled, tapping Sofia's forehead. "Wake up,"

She slowly opened her eyes, "Where am I..." She mumbled.

"Nessus, but most importantly, with me." He smiled.

Her eyes quickly opened wide, "Cain?!" She jumped from his arms, staring at her hands, "What's happening?"

"I fixed your body and gave you back some power. You should be fine for now." He smiled.

"No, why are you here? I'm supposed to be dead." She gasped.

"You can't die here," Cain replied, "And I'm here since I need help, and your power isn't something that should go to waste."

"No, you will die if you stay close to us," Sofia gasped but then noticed Gracie waving her hand in the back, "That won't happen again. He won against death." She added.

Cain smiled, "With that said, let's get you some clean clothes. Food, and get going to our next target." He tapped her shoulder, "I know you might want something more intimate, but that can wait for now. I promise all of you will get a share afterward."

"That isn't what I'm talking about..." Sofia gasped.

"Even when they say no, they mean yes." Cain looked back at her, "Your own words, bath's old lady."