Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Chapter 850 Devils of the Hells I

Cain, Sofia, Selena, and Gracie walked out of hell's lips and headed into the wilds of Nessus.

"Are you sure we can win the war?" Sofia asked, staring at his back.

"I don't know. The authority of the gods doesn't apply to them." Cain looked back at them, "Right now, there is a great chance we would end up killing each other and destroying the world," Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"That's why I said you're destroying the order," Death spoke through Gracie.

"Don't worry," Cain smiled, "We only need to tilt the tides to our favor," He waved his staff, teleporting them into the air, "Look, there is one thing left for us to do,"

The girls looked around, and then Sofia was the first one to growl, "Don't tell me. You want it to end in a draw?"

"Not really," He replied.

"He wants to teleport all mortals into his heaven for the war's duration, go all out then rebuild the world afterward." Gracie looked at them, "His plan is to get an advantage by fighting the abominations in the land of the gods."

Cain nodded, "The outer void is devoid of life at the moment, except for those monsters. The construct guard protecting the cosmic gate isn't going to be of any hold to defend either."

"If we can't protect the world, we shouldn't protect it. We can fix it later, is what you say-nya," Selena scratched her head.

"That's it, I can figure something to guard the void later, probably some dragons adapted to it would make a reasonable solution,"

"I can't give birth to such dragons, they never existed," Sofia stared at him.

"You can't, but my Sofia might be able to," Cain floated toward her, tapping her head, "You want some children?"

"I'm Sofia as well," She replied, "But I don't have the divine spark anymore. Giving birth to new races is impossible to me, but I can still make something normal."

"We'll look into that after the war," Cain turned around and looked at the distance, "It's there, Asmodeus's castle." He pointed.

"Do any of you know what happened to Alice?" He asked.

All the girls shook their heads, "I was the last one standing before her-nya,"

Gracie was the first to fall, then Sofia and then Selena which only left Alice, they couldn't know what happened to her.

"Anyway," Cain pointed with his staff, "I can sense her inside the fortress," He pointed at the large black building.

The girls stared at the massive wall of obsidian and ash, burning lava dripping from its gates as lightning crackled from its towers. Asmodeus's fortress, the royal court of hell that even the devils fear to walk into.

At the fortress's feet, a city bustling with life, countless devils came and left to trade and show their deeds in front of the devil lord's shrine, in the hope that he might take notice of them.

Thud! Cain and the girls landed in front of the main gate and approached only to find a long line of devils waiting to get into the city.

The girls looked above Cain's head, "Can I clear the place?" Sofia asked, ready to blast all the devils into the sky with one breath.

"Don't cause trouble." Cain stared at her, "Listen, Beelzebub could be in this city, and I don't want any of you killing her by mistake,"

"Kill her?" Sofia stared at him, "She can't be that weak."

"Sofia is right," Gracie stared at him, "Someone like her should at least survive several breaths."

Cain scratched his head, "How should I explain this? Beelzebub isn't a fighter, in fact, she's as harmless as a bug. But her innate ability is what makes her strong,"

"What that-nya?" Selena stared at him, but Cain giggled, "Wait and see, it's quite fun,"

He walked forward to the end of the line, tapping the devil in front of him on the shoulder, "Hey, how long has the line been up?"

The devil stared back. Flames gushed out of his head, "Who are you?"

"The one after you in the line," Cain replied with a smile.

The devil snorted, a burst of fire gushing out of his nose, "Name Balmon, a pit fiend soldier." He growled, staring at Cain with his arms on his hips, "I came to show my deeds to the devil queen,"

Cain smiled, "I'm a wizard, here for the same reason."

The devil giggled, "You sly bastard, what wizard would come here? You're one sneaky devil, aren't you? What are your deeds?"

As Cain smiled, two horns emerged from his head with two bat wings on his back, "Seen right through me?" He giggled.

"An Incubus, what a rare sight." The devil giggled, "I bet you had a lot of fun working. But, it's been sad since the loss of Glasya,"

"She was mighty hot," Cain replied with a grin, "But, the new one, Gracie isn't so bad."

Balmon stared at Cain, "I saw her before, she's...Interesting, the goddess of cubus and such."

"I know," Cain said with a grin, "But I must warn you, the temptation of a goddess, is strong with that one."

"What?" Balmon gasped.

"Even I have felt the call of her feet upon my tackle,"

Balmon took a step back.

"Just imagine, fiend, what those must smell like..."

"Ok! Stop right there, Incubus. I don't need to hear that," Balmon sighed, "It's true that your kind barely think in any other way,"

"What did you expect?" Cain smiled, "Would you answer my question?"

"It won't take long," Balmon replied, "I only arrived a few minutes ago, we should be inside in less than an hour,"

"Sweet, do you think we can meet her? The ruler of the hells," Cain asked.

"The blond one," The devil nodded, "There is a statue of her in the city plaza, you place your offering there and kiss the statue's foot. If she accepts your offering, you can be either granted an audience, or a power from her."

"But if your offering wasn't accepted?" Cain looked at him.

"She would still take it and strike you with a lightning bolt," Balmon replied.