Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

851  Devils of the Hells II

After an hour, Cain and the girls reached the main entrance. "I'm going first," Balmon walked in, waving his hand to them. "Take care,"

"Why deal with the devils?" The girls stared at Cain. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

"Beelzebub won't like it if we just walked in and blasted everything. She was the angel of humility and favor before."

"I'm worried since you added 'WAS' in there." Sofia sighed.

"Don't worry, we will be fine," Cain nodded with a grin.

Two devil guards looked out of the gate, "Next!"

Cain and the girls approached, and the guards pointed their spears at them, "Who are you?"

"An Incubus with his women," Cain replied with a smile, "Care to let us inside?"

"For what reason did you come?" The guard asked, approaching Cain with an angry face.

"Of course, I wanted to try my luck with the ruler of hell." Cain replied, and the guards stared at each other, "You cubus never learn. She hates the likes of you,"

"Can't know until I tried. I doubt you saw a while-haired incubus before," Cain giggled, and the guards stared at him, "It's true that you look cleaner than anything in this hell hole,"

"The last incubus that approached her statue was killed by a lightning bolt. And the succubus are still burning in the back of the city." A guard looked at Cain, "You're better off giving up,"

"I'm sure she won't refuse me," Cain waved his hand, but Sofia tapped his shoulder, "Let me talk,"

"Leave it to me," Cain whispered back to her.

The guards sighed, "Fine, the guard would make a pass, but don't let your whores run amok. This city has order,"

"I know, I know," Cain replied with a smile, walking inside with the girls.

After taking the pass and walking inside the city, Sofia approached Cain once again, "Why are you playing that role? Would Beelzebub even care?"

"It's true that I can blast the whole city with a sneeze, but they don't need to know that." Cain replied, "To tickle Beelzebub's slumbering divinity, we need to show her an act of great humility. Currently, she's one of the worst in this city,"

CLAP! A devil flew across the street, crashing into a wall.

"Speaking of the devil," Cain sighed, staring at the end of the street.

Sitting on a golden chair lifted by tens of pit fiends, a black-haired woman wearing countless gems and magic items glared at the devil with a sore glare.

One of the servants shouted. "Don't get in my way! You fucking bug. That's what Ma'lady says,"

The girls looked to the side, the devil that was hit was Balmon. "Don't tell us,"

"Yep, that's her," Cain looked at the woman, her twin tail hair flailing in the wind as her glowing golden eyes flashed.

The servant cleared his throat, "Skin him alive, Ma'lady said,"

The other devils started approaching Balmon, ready to cut.

"You bitch! Where did you even come from?" Balmon growled, glaring at Beelzebul. He was only crossing the street, and she took offense to him stepping on the road she was going over.

The servant cleared his throat once again, "You bugs shouldn't stand in the same plane as me. You shouldn't even breathe the same air, let alone dirty the road I walk on. Stray devils like you should be put down before they spread their stench. Ma'lady said."

Cain looked at the girls, "Wait here, I will deal with this,"

****

As the devils approached Balmon, they suddenly saw an incubus wearing a white robe standing at his side.

"What are you?" One of them growled.

Cain patted Balmon's shoulder, "Are you all right?"

"Don't meddle. There are over fifty pit fiends there," Balmon growled.

"Skin the white one as well. Ma'lady said," The servant in the back added.

Cain turned his head, glaring at them with two glowing eyes, "Look who we have there," He stared directly at Beelzebub.

The pit fiends instantly felt that something was off about Cain. No matter how they looked at him, only death awaited.

Finally, Beelzebub opened her mouth, "What brought someone like you here?"

The fiends serving her shook. They never heard her voice in years, she only talked telepathically with her servants. But now she spoke out of nowhere.

Cain giggled, "Part of it is work, I do have some other business here as well."

"I find that hard to believe," She replied.

"I do have another reason, care to talk about it, privately," Cain stared at her with a grin.

She stared at him blankly for a moment, "Fine, come to my mansion later. We will talk there," She then looked away.

"Let's leave. Ma'lady said," Her servant said and the fiends started moving.

Balmon stared at Cain, confused, "You actually managed to talk her out?"

"I'm quite skilled," Cain smiled, "I told you, didn't I?"

Balmon stood with Cain's help, "When you said you're trying your chances with the ruler of the hells, I thought you were insane." He sighed, "But seeing how you handled that bitch, you might have a chance."

"It's nothing big," Cain waved his hands, "Most importantly, how do you feel?"

Balmon looked at himself, "I'm fine, it's but a scratch."

"I see," Cain replied, waving his staff, "...says the man with broken ribs."

Balmon's eyes opened wide as his bones healed, "It didn't matter if you're a pit fiend or not. Having multiple pit fiends gang up on you is bound to lead to injury,"

"We fiends have pride," Balmon stared at Cain, "Admitting weakness leads to mockery, and that leads to defeat."

"You couldn't be more wrong, my friend." Cain smiled, "There is a difference between admitting weakness and acting in yourself's best interest."

"You need to make sure you're at full health in case you get attacked again." Cain patted his shoulder again. "Now you look fine. When I patted you earlier, I saw a faint flinch,"

"That how you know I'm injured,"

"Of course." Cain turned to head toward the girls, "Be careful, we shall meet again,"

 