Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

852  The City of The Devil Lord

"That one is Beelzebub? What did you say about humility?" Sofia stared at Cain, "I only saw arrogance dripping from her eyes,"

"Fallens are fallen. Don't expect them to hold their previous virtues, but instead expect them to be the opposite." He replied, walking beside them as they looked for a place to stay in.

"She already noticed who I am. Probably since both Lucifer and Astaroth had left the hells, but with her... it's a bit problematic." He looked at the girls, "What do you think is her problem?"

"You said she isn't a fighter, so probably she doesn't want to be stuck with those two-nya," Selena approached Cain.

"No, I say she wants to keep living as a devil," Gracie added.

"Why don't you just tell us," Sofia sighed, staring at him.

"She can't fight, and she doesn't have confidence that she's of any help. She regrets her downfall. And condemns herself to the hell. She thinks she isn't worthy to return to the divine side." Cain turned toward the girls, "She's a real handful to deal with," He added.

Soon they reached what looked like an inn, "We won't stay here, but let's rent a room just in case," Cain said as they walked inside, his eyes turning toward the inn owner, "I want a room for four people," He said with a smile.

"You're the incubus from the streets," The owner stared at him. His eyes glowed with a burning flame, "Standing up for a pit fiend, is not something that devils do,"

"It's something that I do," Cain sat on the chair beside the counter, "Does that matter? I thought the hell is a place you can do whatever you like in,"

"As long as you have the strength to back it up, otherwise this is a land of torment." He glared at Cain.

"I know that," Cain smiled, "So, where is my room?"

The owner pulled two keys and laid them on the table, "I don't have a room for four, so here are two rooms. Each one has two beds."

"Thank you," Cain took the keys and paid the owner before heading to the rooms with the girls.

"I thought you said we aren't staying?" Sofia looked at him.

"We're leaving in a moment," Cain approached them, "For now, I need to refresh the magic disguising you." He had been using illusion to keep the girls' true identities hidden. As exposing them would cause trouble, especially here.

Cain sat on the bed, pointing his staff at Selena first, "We will go find Alice first, then deal with Beelzebub." His staff glowed with a blue light as threads of magic rushed out in a storm, engulfing the girls and covering them with illusion magic. Everyone who looks at them will see them as nothing but the background, erased from their memories the same way people can't remember those who walk beside them in the street.

Sofia stood, looking out of the window, "It's time,"

"I know," Cain replied, standing up, "Let's head to the plaza."

"I never cared-nya about the ruler meeting event." Selena looked at them, "Can't we just walk into the fort?"

"I'm sure Alice faced Silver and lost. But I can still sense her aura inside the fort," He smiled, "She's far away from any other devil, deep into the depth of that hellish dungeon."

"Silver must have frozen and sealed her inside," Gracie growled.

Cain nodded, "That's it. He must have left the devils of the fort with a lie about Alice. Something like I'm conducting an experiment. Don't bother me until I get out."

Sofia growled, "Considering how much the devils fear her, they won't even test that. They would guard the fort with their lives for the rest of time,"

"If Alice is sealed and can't allow us in, how are you going to convince the devils?" Gracie approached him, "Selena's idea of fighting our way inside seems more reasonable to me." CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"Alice won't mind me speaking for her," Cain smiled, approaching the door, "Let's go. She would allow us inside,"

They walked toward the main plaza, seeing hordes of devils blocking the road as they cheered. Each one came with its offering, from sacrifices to souls and wealth, hundreds of slaves and monsters, all in the hope of getting an audience with the ruler of the nine hells.

The two armored devils standing beside Alice's statue stared at the pilgrims. "I feel pity for those fools. Who do they think themselves to meet her devilship?"

"Let them try. They would fail anyway." The other one replied.

"Since she went inside the treasury to cultivate that spell of her, no one was approved." The other one sighed.

"Didn't you know?" The guard looked at his friend, "The statue is rigged. Always prompting a fail so no devil would interrupt her spellcraft."

"Really?"

"We're devils. What do you expect? Fair and square?" He laughed, "Go to the mortal world and touch humans if you want that,"

"I mean, you're right," The guard sighed, "We don't want a rot spell going amok. Those hurt like a bitch,"

A devil approached with several carriages of souls, offering them to Alice's statue.

"I have enough souls!" The statue replied, "Offer something unique,"

A great lighting bolt fell from the sky, charring him to a crisp.

The guards rushed in, dragging the devil away while stashing his offering in the devil lord's warehouses.

"Haaa!" Sofia sighed, "They refuse them, and yet take the offerings. I told Alice to fix that,"

"This is mostly a ploy by Silver," Cain replied, "Let's wait a bit and let some devils get cooked,"

"You enjoy watching them suffer?"

"No, I'm just studying the magic in the statue to control it. We will go the moment I'm done," He immediately stood, "And that time is now,"

Thud! Thud! Balmon walked past Arad, dragging a carte full of severed demon heads. "I'm next!" He growled, glaring at the statue.

"Balmon of Babol! I brought you the severed heads of one hundred demons from the absolute demonic front of Babol. Our forces have been pushing for achievement in the war, and we seek support," He tapped the carriage, standing proud.

Cain or the Statue?

 