Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

853  Breaking The Ice

CRACKLE! Lightning flashed in the sky as it fell down, racing toward Balmon.

CLACK! Cain stepped forward, "How about you stop?" The lightning bolt froze mid-air. The devils stared back, seeing him walking in.

"Who are you?"

"That incubus?" Balmon gasped.

Cain shakes his staff, "Thanks for stopping. It's been a while, isn't it?" He stared at the statue.

Invisible strings of magic rushed from his feet to the ground and merged with the statue. To take control.

CRACK! The statue's eyes shifted, glaring back at Cain and all the devils bowed, thinking it was Alice taking control. "What brought you here?" The statue said.

"I'm coming to see you," Cain replied, "Mind getting tea ready?"

The devils glared at Cain, who is this rude bastard. That's the devil lord, talking to her is a death sentence, let alone asking her for tea.

Balmon stared at him, "Cain, stop!"

"Don't worry," Cain looked at him with a smile then turned back to the statue, "Ah! I'm bringing some guests with me," Cain waved his hand.

The guards around the statue growled. They knew the thing was rigged and that Alice wouldn't control it. They rushed down to face Cain, "You wizard! What did you do?"

"I didn't do anything," Cain replied, "Look, it's your devil lord speaking." He pointed a the statue.

The statue glared at them, "Get back in line. I won't repeat myself!" Rot magic started rushing from it, and the devils rushed back to their posts.

"It's her magic," One of them cried, "Is she really out?"

"I will put a word for you," Cain started walking toward the fort with the girls behind him as he looked back at Balmon, "For now wait for me. It's dangerous from here on,"

****

On the other side of the city, Beelzebub stood inside her mansion, staring at the city plaza from her window. "Does he know this won't end well?" She sighed, looking at the sky.

"Wanting us to fight," She turned and walked toward the door at the left side of the room, taking her clothes as she got into the bath.

She reached to the green acid crystal on the wall and activated it with a touch, taking a shower than no human can survive.

"Nyar isn't something that can be fought here," She sat on the ground, "I bet he doesn't know how scary that bastard is," Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

BUZZZ! A small fly flew in, sitting on the wall.

Beelzebub reached to it, "Tell me, what did you see?"

The fly buzzed around, shaking its wings like a bee.

"Abominations, outsiders in our world," She mumbled, "They don't act with our rules, so the gods can't keep them in check. Abominable life, Intelligent existance, Nyar. He's the alien to our world," She stood, "And he's finally moving,"

She walked out of the bath, the acid evaporating on its own. Standing in the middle of the room, she pulled a book and sat on the couch, "I better wait for the overgod before doing anything. I don't want any responsibility for the death and limbo coming,"

****

Cain walked into the fortress followed by the girls and the royal devil guards. He could hear them whispering in the back.

"Who's this incubus? I never heard of him."

"I did hear about white magic causing trouble around the hells, but that was a human,"

"No human can fool us with magic," One of the guards growled, "I already checked, and he isn't using any disguise magic."

Cain smiled inside, ^Since I didn't use magic to change my form. I'm a god, so I changed my entire race. Right now I'm a pure-blood, true-born incubus.^

After a while, they stood in front of the treasury.

Cain looked at the room around them, the black walls of dried lava and the chair of strange metal rich in curses. This isn't the place anyone should stand in for too long.

"She's behind the door," Sofia said, looking at the iron wall ahead of them.

"Something is off," Gracie added.

"Why isn't she coming out-nya?" Selena stared at Cain, and the devils looked at him.

"Of course, she won't come out," Cain said with a smile, lifting his staff and pointing at the door as he looked back at the guards.

"She didn't call us, I tricked you," CRACK! The door opened as the devils stared at him in shock. Did he just admit they were fooled?

The devil guards picked up their weapons, lunging at Cain, but they immediately stopped, staring inside the treasury with shocked and terrified faces.

Alice was there encased in a pillar of blue ice.

"Asmodeus!" A devil gasped, "What's happened?"

"Let's ask her," Cain walked into the room, tapping the pillar with his staff. "Silver is already gone. Breaking this ice shouldn't be a problem." CRACK! The pillar shattered, and Alice fell in Cain's hands.

"She would need some time to wake up," He said, turning to walk out.

The guards stood at the door, pointing their spears at him. "Leave the devil lord there. We will take care of her,"

"I would have to say no," Cain replied, "Unless you want them to get angry,"

The devils stared back, seeing Sofia, Selena, and Gracie standing there, glaring at them. "Wait!" A devil gasped.

"Maharaja? Tiamat? And death?" They backed away, "Since when, weren't you dead?"

"You idiots are easily fooled," Sofia glared at them. "Silver did get the drop on you with Alice. If Cain didn't come, she would have remained sealed there for thousands of years, and you won't suspect anything,"

Cain walked past the guards, "I'm taking her to the royal bedroom to rest. You clean the treasury," He said, waving his hand to the guards.

The devils stared at each other. Normally they would attack, but the fact he brought Asmodeus[Alice] out and had those three with him. It's hard to act against him.

****

Back in her room, Beelzebub looked at the window and put the book in her hand down, "He got her out?" She stood and closed her eyes, seeing Cain putting Alice to rest in her bed.

"He really did it,"

At that moment, Cain lifted his head and stared back at her through the magic, "I'm coming for you after she wakes up, get ready." He said, "And put some clothes on,"

"I wear what I like, even if that is nothing," She replied, "You've been watching me all the time. Are you upset that I'm watching you now?"

 