Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

855  The Ending of preparation CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Cain stood with a smile, "Done deal," He extended his hand to Ereshkigal.

"Remember, I'm not a fighter," She took his hand, standing up.

"You don't need to fight. Just provide a way for people to escape so we can fight with ease."

SWOHS! Divine magic rushed from Arad, seeing into her body.

"AH!" She moaned, falling to her knees as the magic seeped through her bones.

Cain blinked, a lot of his magic was getting sucked by her.

"You're a really greedy one," He smiled.

"STOP! PLEASE STOP! I CAN'T TAKE IT ALL!" She cried, trying to crawl away, but her hand was locked tight in his palm.

"We can't stop the transfer midway. You have to take all," Cain started pushing more and more divine magic into her until she screamed, four white wings bursting from her back.

"Here you go, the portfolio of bug is yours," He smiled.

She remained there, panting, "That was...strange," She stared at him all red.

"Now for the rule of the path of death and the immunity of your domain," He smiled, and she turned to run away.

"Caught you," He caught her.

"Please let me go! I don't need that power anymore," She stared at him.

"Don't be shy. You need it, don't you."

"AYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!" She screamed, shaking the whole mansion.

Nessus started shaking, and the devils in the realm cried, running inside their homes in terror.

Golden chains soared across the sky, falling from the black clouds, and reached toward Beelzebub's house.

"What's going on?" A devil cried, running as fast as he could as divine magic started raining from the sky. He jumped over the crates and slid beneath the stalls, barely dodging the last droplet as he barged into a stranger's house.

"Who are you? What are you doing in my house?" The devil inside the house cried, and the intruder replied.

"Look out there! Those chains are jammed full with divine magic, one drop and we will burn in flame for the rest of time."

The devils stared, finally noticing that the chains were heading toward Beelzebub's house.

"That arrogant bitch! Did she finally piss one of the gods off?"

"I don't care? What god would have such power? We're in the depths of the hells!" They ran to the basement, killing the cursed magic so the coming god wouldn't notice them.

"GGGGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!" Jack screamed, his body pulled across the air all the way from Devil's Lip City where Cain and the girls left him. "What's going on!" With his cries, he could see the chains growing longer and bigger above his head.

BAM! The chains shattered into thousands of small chains that flew down, crashing into Beelzebub's house, and exploding in a brilliant flash.

CLANG! Golden chains started emerging from the ground like worms, trying all the devils.

"NO!!!! They screamed, but quickly noticed the chains didn't burn them."

The mortal world quaked, and the people could feel something tighten in their chests. Chains emerged from the ground there as well, seeping into their bodies and causing worldwide panic for a short while.

"What's this?" A wizard cried, trying to stop the chains with his magic but failing.

"You fool," A necromancer that was chained in a cage beside the wizard stared at him, "Can't you see it? Those chains aren't normal."

"Shut up! Who asked you to speak?"

"A soul rests inside the bodies of mortals. Those chains tie your souls to your bodies and then link you to an outer world, an underworld of death," The necromancer smiled.

"That!" The wizard glared at the chains, "This is divine magic, so it's doing for a god and not a devil."

"Sir Demorian!" A woman kicked the door open, panting as chains dangled from her body, "The clerics in the church are crying. This is a forced birth of a new deity! Such an event has never been recorded before!"

****

Ereshkigal screamed, her hair flashing between brown and blond, her eyes burning with a red flame as her divine magic exploded. Skeletal bones started flying over the hells as Cain flew up, "TODAY!" He said, his voice booming across the multiverse.

"I hereby declare Ereshkigal as the new ruler of the stycs{River of death}, the queen of the underworld, the guardian of the dead, and the guider of souls." The nine hells started shaking, and the devils stared up for a second before bowing down, realizing the one speaking wasn't a mere god.

"This divine magic..." An old devil growled, "An overgod, it's been thousands of years. To think one appeared."

"An over god?" A young devil gasped.

"The god of the gods, the divine being holding the world together. Forget about the hatred between the gods and devils. He's an absolute power that no one should mess with."

"From now onward, all souls shall pass by her care first before making it to hell or heaven, and if anyone dare harm the queen of Kur{The underworld}, my wrath shall fall upon them." Cain looked down, a smile on his face.

"I'm not making this for show," He said, "This is a warning, a threat. All of you necromancers, hags, witches, and soul-eaters. Those who break the rules. I shall personally find and make sure you regret not being dirt stepped on!"

****

With Ereshkigal screaming, she grew another four wings, and her hair became permanently blond as her eyes glowed with a red glow. She fell silent, staring at the sky with chains dancing around her.

"This power? Not an angel, not an Archon but divinity itself," She gasped.

Cain flew down to her, "Of course, I won't be stingy with you,"

"Why me?" She looked down, "You could have kept this power, or given it to someone else, someone that you trust."

"Of course, I would give it to you," He looked at her, his fists resting on his hips, "Lucifer already has enough power, but sadly you didn't have much. I can't let mother-in-law remain as a weak devil, would I?"

"Wait?" She gasped, "Mother in what?"

Thud! The girls landed behind them, "Cain! Did I just hear you say, mother-in-law?" They stared at him.

"AH! You didn't know, did you?" He looked at them, "Alice, this is your mother."

"WAIT!" They screamed, "Who and when!"

"Wait!" Ereshkigal glared at Cain, "I don't have a daughter," She growled.

"Come on," Cain sighed, "You've fooled with Lucifer in the past after you were banished from the heavens. It's true that you didn't bear a child, but that soul remained here in the hells until it was summoned as a devil into the body of Alice Furberg." He pointed at Alice.

"AH!" He scratched his head, "I guess you have two daughters now," He approached Alice, "This is Alice from another timeline, and there is another Alice with me in the heavens."

"Wait! I didn't hear of any of this," Ereshkigal cried, rushing at Arad, "Me and Lucifer, how do you know? Even us two had forgotten about that, it was thousands and thousands of years in the past."

Cain smiled, "Forbidden knowledge,"

Ereshkigal ground her teeth, "So it was that bitch Yog," She screamed, "Next time I'm going to rip your eyes out!"

"She also told me that it was you the desperate one." Cain stared at her, "You kept crying and crying and Lucifer had to put up with you, consulting you for over a decade before you could calm down."

"Stop! Stop! Don't remind me!" She cried, rolling on the ground.

"So...Mother was here all this time?" Alice approached her, staring in shock.

Cain smiled, turning toward the shadows, "Well. It's time, isn't it?" He giggled.

"Show yourself up, king of the outsiders." He growled.

The shadows twisted and everyone in the hells could feel it, an abominable aura dominated the place.

"You dare call me?" A faceless tall and slender man appeared out of nowhere.

Ereshkigal started shaking as she backed away with the girls behind her, "Nyar!"

"Of course I do," Cain stood in front of him, "You motherfucker, it's been a while, isn't it?"

"Do I know you?" Nyar replied but soon started giggling, "The weakling that died with Yog and that metallic dragon to the cosmic guards. You come from another place, don't you."

"I come from where I like," Cain stared at him, "This is my world now, take your children and fuck off. I barely get angry, but you're something that makes my blood boil."

"Big words for a weakling," Nyar giggled. "This world would be ours, we're the true owners that ruled it before you kind came to be."

"We took it from you since you don't deserve it," Cain smiled, "It's clenching time, you piles of primordial filth."

"A slave to divinity dares talk to us? We weren't molded by AO, we're the ones that existed before. You know, he's the same."

"I know more than you think," Cain glared at him, "Now that everything is set in place, I got it."

"Very well, it's war,"

 