Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1015 Pure Force

The path of Pure Force was what Leonel might have been the most excited about and it was also the path he believed just might be the way to making this tentacle womb more useful to him.

As one might expect, Pure Force was most definitely linked to Pure Force Crystals. Only with Pure Force could Pure Force Crystals be formed. This was why Leonel had originally thought that the koi fish would be useless to him. Why keep around a creature he would have to feed and raise, not mention worry about its betrayal, if he had a perfectly fine and loyal machine that could do the same exact thing? It didn't make sense.

The koi fish had already exposed itself to have intelligence no less than that of a human. Though it couldn't communicate with Leonel, Leonel didn't believe it didn't have the ability to. If it could put him in an illusion, then it could most definitely convey its thoughts through said illusion.

Without appropriate benefits, Leonel wouldn't keep such a dangerous thing around.

But, Leonel had been wrong. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

The Segmented Cube was much like the Silver Tablet. Its ultimate function was better than the koi fish alone, but what it put out was dependent on what went in.

The Silver Tablet could produce an energy that seemed to be even above Pure Neutral Force while the Segmented Cube could produce Force and Pure Force Crystals, however it was still all dependent on what they took in. The Silver Tablet needed to absorb the relative purer Neutral Force of Invalids while the Segmented Cube needed Force dense environments of a certain level or caliber.

Due to this, the koi fish essentially became a branching point that allowed both objects to display their true abilities with far less drawbacks.

This was where the first ability of this path came into play: The koi fish would allow Leonel to form Pure Force Crystals much faster and with much greater ease. It had already been over a month since he learned of the Segmented Cube's ability and had even gone to the energy dense region of Planet Solara, yet he had yet to form even a single one. Clearly, this wasn't as easy as it seemed to be.

With the koi fish, though, so long as Leonel gave it some time, this would be a matter of ease. Very soon, he would gain the Force Crystals he needed. And, once he found the perfect Light Elemental Force to replace his Snow Force, he would then be able to upgrade his Snowy Star Owl Lineage Factor relying on the Force Arts displayed by the Pure Force Crystals.

However, this was just the beginning.

Why were Pure Force Crystals so valuable? It was because they could do the same thing Pure Neutral Force could do in loosening bottlenecks, but it was far more targeted.

When Pure Neutral Force is taken into the body, it cleared away impurities and cleanses one's foundation. This lays stronger ground work to take the next step forward and it works this way for everyone regardless of their affinities.

However, Pure Force in general is usually tied to a particular ability or a particular Lineage Factor. The root of these powers comes from Pure Force. So, when one absorbs Pure Force, rather than increasing one's overall foundation in a general sense, Pure Force targets what it is familiar with an bolsters this instead.

Take Supreme Monet, for example.

She has an Elemental ability and it falls under the Unique Elemental category. It had to be remembered that the three forms of Elemental ability were either unique in that it gave a special ability, neutral in that it gave general control over Elements, or evolutionary in that it allowed onto to improve the Element into higher and higher forms.

Supreme Monet could use her flames to heal herself, not much unlike a phoenix, so she falls under the unique category.

Under normal circumstances, there are only a few ways for Supreme Monet to increase the strength of her ability. She could swallow a Beast Crystal, she could be patient and wait for it to mature through her training, she could increase her Dimension and finally, she could wait for her home world to increase Dimensions as well.

These latter three options all took time and patience while the very first option was a crapshoot. There was a very low probability of a Beast Crystal taking effect and it might cause a varied mutation that wouldn't be exactly what you were looking for.

However, Pure Force Crystals were different. Not only did they take near immediate effect, but there was no unpredictability factor. It would work 100% of the time and it wouldn't mutate your ability, it would only allow it to progress along its designed path.

By now, what Leonel wanted to do was obvious, then.

All he needed to do was understand the underlying Pure Force that governed this tentacle womb's ability. Then, he would use the koi fish to create and feed the tentacle womb these Pure Force Crystals. Over time, the tentacle womb would eventually strengthen to the point investing in its reproduction was worth it for Leonel.

It only took a few questions from the dictionary for Leonel to understand exactly what the tentacle womb needed to evolve.

'Life Force and Blood Force had already been guessed by me, so this much was obvious… I can probably gather up the two Forces just from killing beasts since I'll have to do that anyway. But, this third Force… What is Breaking Force?'

Leonel was intrigued. This simple matter had seemingly become complicated once again. This so-called Breaking Force was something Leonel had never come across before, nor had he expected it to be so fundamental to how the tentacle womb functioned.

'Interesting…'

Leonel suddenly felt he had stepped into a new world. This Breaking Force, the tentacle womb only needed a small portion of it, only a single crystal for every thousand Life and Blood Pure Crystal it consumed, and yet… It was the core part of its ability.

'Is it really above Life Force…?'

Just as Leonel was thinking about this, a wailing siren reached his ears. This was definitely something new as he had no idea what it meant, but he had a good guess.

Was Earth being attacked again?