Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1017 “...”

When it came to refining his Metal Body, the koi fish was also a godsend. The Essence of Ores could also be considered a type of Force, a variation on Earth Force. So, it could, of course, be multiplied as well.

This came with many benefits. Leonel would be able to use less Ores to temper his body to the same level, his bottlenecks would also become thinner now that he had less impurities to worry about, it would even be possible to create stronger Ores or start Ore Veins with the koi fish's abilities.

The possible applications for the koi fish seemed endless. It was no surprise it took so many Units to duplicate it.

…

Not long afterward, Leonel made it to the residential units. He had planned to let everyone choose whatever rooms they wanted. But, since they had been dealing with the pain of the Bone Burning Rose until recently, they had mostly chosen to stay together.

By the end of it, they ended up sprawled all over a patch of greenery and had been asleep for three days already.

Leonel jogged into the garden to find them still lying there. Seeing their ridiculous states, he couldn't help but shake his head and chuckle.

Suddenly, Leonel released a loud clap!

"Wake up!"

"Hey!"

"What the hell!?"

"Cap? Fuck! I was in the middle of at least three beauties!"

"In your dreams."

"It was my dreams!"

Leonel grinned. One after another, strong auras standing firmly within the Fifth Dimension began to blossom forth. It was a fantastic enough sight for Leonel to ignore the terrible smell that was coming from them for just a moment.

Truthfully, Leonel was pleasantly surprised. Though they weren't exactly far from the Fifth Dimension to begin with, Leonel still thought it would have taken at least a month or two.

'It's probably the influence of Earth… Coming from a talented world really has such a large benefit. It's unfortunate, though... I also wanted to get them to practice [Dimensional Cleanse] too, but there's no time right now...'

"Alright, alright." Leonel finally put an end to the commotion. "There's a war about to start soon, you guys need to get ready."

"War?" Raj looked up from his comfortable spot in the grass with confusion. He seemed to have lost at least 50 pounds, but he was still a large mound of fat. It could only be said that he was still enormous. "Why haven't I heard anything?"

Of course they hadn't heard anything, the Segmented Cube was perfect at isolating sound. The only reason why Leonel knew is because his Internal Sight was paying attention to the outside world.

Plus, in the last two weeks he had been doing a lot of stuff on the outside world whether that be preparing his shop or fulfilling his promise to the Dove siblings. So, he had no choice but to pay attention to the outside world anyway.

One might argue that Leonel should be depressed that his store wouldn't be making as much money anymore, but was that even true? Now that there was a wore, he could shake his grandfather down for some real funds.

There was no better Force Crafter on Earth right now than himself. If the Ascension Army wanted his help, they would, of course, have to pay.

After a brief explanation, Leonel kicked them all toward getting cleaned up.

…

Barely ten minutes later, they all stood spirited, their gazes glowing with battle intent. It seemed like they all wanted to take down the world together.

"I don't really know what's going on in the outside world right now, but we'll stick together as an elite squadron. This time, I won't go ahead on my own… Probably." Leonel touched his nose.

"At least tell us you brought back some goodies, Cap." Franco rubbed his hands together.

"I did." Leonel smiled. "For some of you anyway."

Franco's expression sank before he suddenly caught an enormous Beast Crystal Leonel threw at him.

"I happened to find one perfect for you. This one came from a beaver, but its physical strength was ridiculous. It should help to strengthen your muscle fibers to a next level. And for Gil…"

Leonel tossed over a Beast Crystal swirling with crimson lightning.

"I haven't really found anything good enough for the rest of you. But, what I do have are treasures.

"A halberd for Joel, a pair of gloves for Arnold…"

One after another, Leonel handed them perfectly tailored treasures, all of which were Tier 7 Bronze Crafts. They had no idea that Leonel's skill had already reached such a level.

Raj sniffled. "I always knew that Cap was the best. Give me a hug!"

Leonel dodged out of the way of Raj's fat rolls, a clear sign of laughter on his face.

**

The borders of Earth's Fold of Reality suddenly found themselves surrounded as it slowly stretched to its limits. Having swallowed up several solar systems, what was once 'Earth' had gone from a single planet to countless light years of territory.

After thorough investigation, there was no one who wasn't aware of Earth's greatest weakness: Population.

Having suddenly gained so much territory, it was simply impossible for Earth to defend it all. This was the best chance they would have to claim the talent of a future Eighth Dimensional world for themselves.

Among these individuals, there were many that were more than just a little familiar, many that Leonel had fought not too long ago… Including the Midas and Radix family.

However, if one thought that was the end of it, they would be sorely mistaken. The greed that such soon to be fertile lands represented was simply too much for anyone to give up.

It was amidst this chaos that Elthor sent Leonel a message.

**Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"Imperial Father, the expansion of our Fold of Reality has reached a critical point. If they take advantage of this to send Sixth Dimensional existences in…"

Galaeron finished giving his report to Emperor Fawkes. However, what he hadn't expected was for his father to uncaringly continue meditating after speaking a few careless words.

"They won't." Emperor Fawkes said casually, not opening his eyes.

"… Why?" Galaeron asked.

"Because they're cowards." Emperor Fawkes said lightly.

Galaeron blinked but didn't quite understand how to respond to this.

"… Should we move out the Elite Troops?"

"No." Emperor Fawkes replied.

"But, Imperial Father… They'll be overmatched."

"So what? Just sic my grandsons at them. What the hell did I birth them for if not this?"

Galaeron: "…"

[Just two chapters today...]