Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1019 A-Order

After pleasantries, the group got to business quickly. They were all aware that they were under the command of Leonel, but it was ironically Leonel who knew the least about what was going on right this moment. So, he listened patiently as things were explained to him by Arthur.

A star map was laid out on a large wooden table. It had a faint holographic character to it. Every time Leonel's eyes refocused, he would find a new layer to observe. It was definitely a clever piece of technology that left him a bit intrigued.

"… The situation is getting more complicated with each passing moment but we believe that we have a good grasp on where the borders of our Fold of Reality will stop. It will be defined as such…"

Arthur pressed a finger down and the star map changed. The instant the borders became defined, Leonel's Dreamscape went haywire, his pupils constricting. A bit of his aura leaked, causing the atmosphere to shift.

Arthur looked up from the map toward Leonel, his pupils also constricted. He couldn't fathom just how powerful Leonel had become in just a few years. He felt like a completely different monster.

"Is something wrong, Leonel?" Arthur asked.

Leonel narrowed his eyes and didn't respond immediately. But, he soon calmed and exhaled a breath.

"It's not important for now, you can continue. Sorry about that."

Arthur paused for a moment before nodding. Since Leonel had said so, there was no point in pressing him. Since he would be taking charge of this anyway, Arthur had confidence that Ryu would definitely put them in the best position to win. After all, it was thanks to his contribution that they had dealt with White City alone, something that gave them more than enough leverage to negotiate with the Ascension Empire. Thanks to that, they were able to maintain a semblance of autonomy today.

"… With the borders defined how they are now, as it's been explained to me, it isn't quite necessary to panic despite the large area we now have to cover, mostly because of two matters of importance: habitable worlds and suppression.

"Starting with the latter, it has to be remembered that these are people coming into our world, a Fifth Dimensional Fold of Reality. This makes it near impossible for Sixth Dimensional existences to appear. At the same time, our world has matured.

"Previously, we were attacked the moment we stepped into the Fourth Dimension and had yet to form our teeth. But now that Earth is in the Fifth Dimension and has matured greatly, those who invade our lands will experience proper suppression. It will be more difficult for them to use Force and also more difficult for them to replenish their Force.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

"This aside, there is the matter of habitable worlds…"

Even though Earth's Fold of Reality was expanding and the planets within it were gaining massive benefits as a result, that didn't mean those benefits would be immediate, nor did it mean that all of these planets would become habitable.

In just Earth's main solar system alone, only Earth, the Moon and Avalon were habitable. The remainder of the planets either could not sustain proper life and were useless, or could not sustain proper life and were slowly becoming Disaster Worlds.

Of these planet, Venus and Neptune both were becoming Disaster Worlds while the remainder showed no signs of becoming useful. Only Mars seemed to show a small bit of potential in maybe becoming another habitable planet, but that would take several years to come to fruition.

This was all to say that what these Invaders needed was a foothold. Without a foothold, what good was it to claim a piece of Earth's Fold of Reality for themselves? They were all just waiting for the perfect moment, just before Earth's Fold of Reality boundaries solidified, to pierce through.

Luckily, these habitable planets were rare. And, not only were they rare, but there were levels of desirability among them.

For example, take Earth and the Moon. As evolved as the Moon had become, no one would choose the Moon over Earth as a desirable location.

"… We have reason to believe that the first wave will be those with true ambitions toward what is rightfully ours. As such, we've divided the planets into three orders of desirability, Order A, B and C, with C being the least.

"Our Fold of Reality will cover about a hundredth the size of the Milky Way when it is finished. There are about 43 habitable planets in this range. 29 are C-Order. 12 are B-Order and 2 are A-Order. We've been tasked with defending one of the A-Order Habitable Planets and also setting up a small scale civilization there.

"This A-Order Planet has been designated the name EarthX1. For reference, the B-Order Planets will be designated starting with the MoonX1, while the C-Order planets will follow after AvalonX1."

Leonel nodded. He remembered Aina explaining to him how this naming nomenclature worked. 'X' designated that this planet was in the same Dimension as Earth while 1 designated that it was the first world outside of Earth to earn this title. The second A-Order planet was probably named EarthX2.

Leonel didn't have a problem with this, but the others were shocked.

There were nine Governor Dukes, two Grand Prime Ministers, and yet it was them tasked with guarding EarthX1? Why did this seemed too ridiculous? Shouldn't they be guarding a B-Order planet instead? That seemed to make more sense…

Leonel, however, understood that this was just his grandfather being his grandfather again. In Earth's first defense against the wider Dimensional Verse, how could two Fawkes not take the helm?

"Finally, we have the reports on the potential threats…"

Leonel rose from his seat after Arthur was finished. He stretched slightly, a confident air hanging around him.

"I assume that the teleportation platforms have already been prepared? How many people can move out at once?"

"A single trip can take about a hundred…" Arthur said with a sigh. This really wasn't enough. If they were too slow, by the time they got there, instead of being the defending party they'd be forced into the attacking position.

"I'll stabilize this side then head over first. I should be able to improve on that number." Leonel grinned.

Leonel suddenly felt his hands itching. This war was an opportunity calling out to him. He had a feeling that what he gained from these battles would make or break the next ten years for him.