Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1022 Layered Hand

Earth's Fold of Reality slowly solidified. In this state of flux, it became comparatively easy to cross over. This was especially the case since the Milky Way was a predominantly Fifth Dimensional galaxy. Since Earth was also currently entering the Fifth Dimension, it was more a process of assimilation than evolution, helping to facilitate the crossing over all the more.

There were quite a number of powers waiting for an opportune time to cross over and many that had already done so. Having lost the protection that came with being a lower Dimensional world, Earth had begun vulnerable and thus had no choice but to gain the strength to defend itself.

This moment was one that many had been preparing for a long while. Those that came from higher order worlds had many special techniques for predicting and marking the borders of evolving Folds of Reality and had thus scouted out the region long in advance.

With the information in their hands, they retreated, knowing the danger of being present in an area a Fold of Reality was moving over. However, now, they were prepared to make a move forward once again.

Those with confidence in themselves eyed pieces of the A-Order worlds. But, there were many that chose to not overestimate themselves, aiming for B and C-Order worlds, feeling that they wouldn't be as protected.

However, these people had no way of knowing that Emperor Fawkes was a madman. Not only had he focused his most elite troops on the lower order worlds, he had left EarthX1 and EarthX2 to his still maturing grandsons…

…

"Are you sure about this?"

Within a ship streaking through the vast stars, a meeting was taking place. Though their destination had already been picked, many still weren't sure about their leader's choice. Since it wasn't too late to change their destination, some were still doing their best. However, it seemed that this group was just a minority.

At first glance, these individuals looked like normal humans. However, upon second inspection it was possible to see that these people weren't entirely so. Many of them had odd birth marks randomly growing upon their skin that upon a closer look actually seemed to be no different from the bark of a tree.

Some didn't have these marks at all, but considering their nonchalance toward their fellow comrades' imperfections, it was likely that they had similar imperfections just placed in less than obvious locations.

At the helm of the room the man who this question had been aimed toward had a similar 'birthmark'. However, his own was prominently placed on his forehead and had a rich brown color to it. Rather than seeming out of place, it actually gave him a lofty character the others didn't have.

"I've already explained myself once, what need do I have to do it again?" He replied coldly.

The man who had questioned him immediately became flustered. The discussions were still amicable to this point but it seemed that they had pushed it too far. They had clearly almost forgotten just who this man was.

"If you fear death, what right do you have to follow Her Holiness?"

"No, no, no… I didn't mean it that way. It's just that though Her Holiness is all knowing and all powerful, we are not. We never asked the other Branches for help like we should have."

"For help?"

The man rose, the brownish gold bark on his forehead radiating an oppressive aura.

"Do you know what happened just a couple months ago?"

The others shivered, unable to say a word. Though joining a religion gave you untold power, it was also a shackle like no other. So long as you were in the face of someone more favored by your God or Goddess than yourself, it was impossible to raise even a finger of resistance. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Compared to them all, this man was a tier higher and as such held the ultimate strength. They didn't have the option to resist even if they wanted to and leaving the religion wasn't an option either or else all of their strength would be stripped from them in the best case, and in most cases they would die horrible deaths.

"A month ago, a blasphemer of Her Holiness slaughtered one of our Brothers, a pious follower of Her Holiness, the Goddess of the Evergreen.

"Our faith lost a Three-Layered Hand but this is only the beginning. This blasphemer not only killed a child of Her Holiness, but he also destroyed Her Holiness's mark."

A shocked silence reigned over the ship. At that moment, whatever hesitancy they had turned into a righteous indignation. For the mark of the Goddess to be destroyed was a slap in the face of their Holiness. This wasn't something they could allow.

"This blasphemer is a citizen of Earth. This isn't just about spreading the word of Her Holiness, it is a crusade to wipe this blemish from her name and make those of the secular world understand the nature of Her Holiness Evergreen."

The atmosphere boiled over. However, though the man who had initially questioned Four-Layered Hand Iemes seemed to be dutifully praying right now, his heart was shaken.

He wasn't fearful of Earth and its people, that wasn't why he had brought up such concern to begin with. The issue was that they had gotten word that two colossuses of the religious world had chosen to move in on Earth as well. However, their Four-Layered Hand was blinded by his own greed and refused to call over reinforcements.

It was clear that Iemes wanted to promote to Five-Layered and likely even the legendary Six-Layered Hand. Only by claiming land in such a fertile world would he have a chance at doing so. So, against all their advice, he had chosen to target an A-Order world…

But, at what cost?

Aderlard clenched his fists within his robes tightly.

'We need to sweep through this planet as quickly as possible and lay our roots deeply. Within the nature of this planet, our Evergreen Force will have a great advantage. In addition, due to the blessings of Her Holiness and our location advantage, we should be ahead of everyone else by at least half a day.

'I can only hope that this will be enough…'

Without proper reinforcements, it might be possible that their Evergreen Religion would be wiped from the face of this Galaxy. From start to finish, though… Aderlard never worried about what resistance the people of Earth would put up.