Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1025 swing

Ieme was almost shocked into complete inaction.

Slicing apart the wooden shield was one matter. However, bisecting a ship designed to weather the dangers of space was a completely different matter entirely.

This ship was designed to handle the extreme temperatures of stars, withstand the barrage of an asteroid belt with a One Star Disaster Rating, and even capable of surviving a sudden change in Fold of Reality. It could be said that spaceships were designed to be among the sturdiest builds in the whole of the Dimensional Verse, which was why it was especially insane that Leonel escape Planet Vincero with one he personally designed.

And yet, with a single stroke of two fingers, this ship was cut in two. How could Ieme not be shocked?

'How could he possibly be so powerful?!'Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Ieme's mind spun, realizing that the situation was most definitely not good. Facing an enemy with such a strong offensive output even without relying on a weapon was among the most dangerous things you could do in the Dimensional Verse.

Understanding the danger they were in, Ieme immediately made a decision.

BANG!

Ieme's palms slammed together, his aura blazing. At just a single glance, it became clear and obvious that he was actually at Tier 7 of the Fifth Dimension. But, as a servant of the Evergreen Goddess, this meant much less than his ranking—Four-Layered Hand.

Ieme was confident that he could battle it out and even had a good chance of defeating Leonel. However, even if he did so, it would be a pyrrhic victory.

Aside from his, there were only a dozen Three-Layered Hands that had come and the rest were Two-Layered or One-Layered. The strength they could display was much less and for most of them, their strength of faith was much weaker than their own strength, as such they relied on the latter.

By the time he defeated Leonel, it was likely that their current number would fall. There weren't many clergymen of the Evergreen Goddess in general. The more people there were, the less Evergreen Force there would be to pass around, so religions tended to have small numbers of true believers.

As a result, each was precious and the loss of too many would result in an overall weakening of the faith. If Ieme failed to protect his people, let alone being promoted, he would likely be demoted.

In that case, he would have to take a chance.

Ieme released a low roar, the Wood Force in the surroundings surging toward him. The illusory image of a lotus formed of several wooden hands began to shimmer into existence. However, it was clear at a single glance that this lotus was far more elaborate than the last Leonel had seen.

Seeing Ieme's actions, the Three-Layered Hands of the clergymen also took action, feeling large amounts of Evergreen Force surging out from their shrine and toward them. With the support of their base, their strength became at least a half better than it was normally.

Leonel's speed never slowed. However, he wasn't the first one to reach them.

Gil shot by him, arc of crimson lightning following his steps. Taking advantage of the break in their organized formation caused by the rain of arrows, two daggers flipped about his fingers and palms as he appeared within their midst like a flash.

Leonel was the second to arrive, his spear immediately beginning to dance about. The smoothness of his cuts were so immaculate that the spray of blood was heavily delayed. Sometimes, even long after falling to the surface of the water, the corpses were pushed into the distance by the raging tide without leaking a drop of blood.

'Interesting…'

Leonel didn't stop the preparation of the Three and Four-Layered Hands because he somewhat felt that it was impossible to do so. Instead, then, it was better to whittle down whatever resistance there was as much as possible before he continued onward.

A single sweep of his spear seemed to take a half dozen head at a minimum. It was as though whatever location he wanted his spear to reach, it would do so. His current abilities made [Vanishing Spear] seem more like a joke than anything else.

When the added range of Leonel's Spear Force was combined with his marksmanship and calculative abilities, the result was absolutely devastating. Even Leonel himself had underestimated just how powerful this breakthrough in his Spear Force was.

At that moment, Leonel's expression turned serious. Bronze Runes raced across his skin and a silver armor appeared not long after.

With a step, he appeared before a Three-Layered Hand just as the remaining seven of his brothers crashed into the clergymen army.

Before the latter could react, his head had flown into the air, his last expression being one of unwillingness and shock. Leonel sudden attack was completely outside of their expectations and so was his sudden and abrupt uptick in power.

Several wooden lotuses spun, their hands assaulting Leonel from all sides, however, he pretended as though he hadn't seen them at all.

Leonel's gaze flashed, the tip of his spear suddenly erupting with a silver-red flame as he pierced into seemingly empty space.

BANG!

Hearing the satisfying crunch, Leonel grinned.

That was one seal down. It seemed it wasn't so difficult to blaspheme a God after all. If before he had to rely on his Scarlet Star Force, now he had Radiant Fire Force. He didn't have to choose between either destroying his own body or relying on a much inferior Fire Force.

As expected, though Radiant Fire Force was nowhere near Scarlet Star Force in destructive capabilities, compared to normal Fire Force, it was countless levels above.

'This seal only seems to appear when the clergymen is of a certain rank. That makes sense, the higher their rank, the more their Goddess values them. So, this seal will likely only appear for those at the Three-Layered Hand level and higher.'

Leonel immediately came to this conclusion as his body flashed, dodging out of the way of several wooden palms and appearing to the back of another Three-Layered Hand.

One movement, one swing, and there came yet another head.