Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1029 woodworking

Leonel's brow furrowed. He didn't like the fact this person was able to escape, something told him that it would bring him more trouble in the future.

'Forget it. What's done is done.'

Very quickly, what remained of the battle came to a close. Most of the clergymen were directly killed. As for those that surrendered, Leonel chose to throw them all into the snowglobes.

Leonel didn't have the heart to slaughter people that had given up, but he also knew that it would be impossible to try to integrate these people into Earth's population like they were currently doing for the people of Terrain.

The people of Terrain had no choice but to rely on Earth. Their original world was practically empty now, they had no methods to return easily, and Earth provided them a better future due to the implemented policies of Leonel's grandfather. Most people of Terrain were a lot like the people of Earth before the metamorphosis, not knowing much about the wider Dimensional Verse.

But, these clergymen didn't share the same ignorance of the world and they wouldn't have the same gratefulness the people of Terrain would foster. If anything, they'd be a ticking timebomb ready to erupt at any time.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Without a choice, Leonel could only throw them all into snowglobes. At least this form of imprisonment didn't allow them a chance to escape and everything would remain under his control.

'This operation didn't go poorly. Our casualties are few and the Speed Boats work as designed.'

"How do you guys feel?" Leonel asked.

Franco swung his arm as though he was already ready for another fight in response.

"Light weight." He grinned wildly.

Leonel laughed. He had been paying attention to their battles and their prowess was beyond his expectations. He realized that he had looked down on his teammates far too much. Maybe if he had chosen to grow with them from the very beginning rather than just chasing after Aina alone, they would be far more powerful.

He felt a bit of guilt toward this. After all, he was always so worried about morality and the lives and deaths of strangers, but he always left his own brothers behind to fend for themselves. He truly was all over the place.

"A few with water affinity, come over."

Leonel called out. After giving a few directions, a small squadron of those with water related abilities came forward and began to pull the sunken spaceship out of the waters.

'This space has enough material to make at least a dozen more Speed Boats. As for the useless material, I'm sure I can find another purpose for it... Hm?'

Leonel cast a glance into Ieme's spatial treasure and his pupils constricted. After a moment of thought, he came to an understanding.

'How lucky… They must have tried to uproot their whole religion and take root here. It's no wonder he'd have so much wealth on him, they wanted EarthX1 to be their new base of operation…'

The wealth within Ieme's spatial treasure was not small. In fact, it was greater than the wealth that Leonel had dug up from Planet Solara if only Urbe Ore was considered. There were 20 000 kilograms of Fifth Dimensional Urbe Ore present, enough to pay Leonel's bounty twice over—if his bounty was still the same, that is.

Aside from the Urbe Ore, there were many precious ornaments, all of which were shaped of wood and sized into various statues. From a cursory glance, Leonel guessed that these either depicted their Goddess Evergreen or important figures of the Evergreen Religion.

The Force they radiated was a dense Evergreen Force and they were likely designed to be displayed within the church. Leonel wasn't exactly certain if these were valuable or not, so he set them aside for the moment.

What did intrigue him, though, were the pile of old texts that were neatly arranged in their own corner of the spatial treasure. Many of them were religious texts that retold tales with valuable lessons or accounts of their Goddess' feats. But, there were a pile of technique oriented texts that caught Leonel's attention.

Of course, Leonel didn't have Wood Elemental Force so he wasn't very interested in this for himself. Rather, he was more interested in what these techniques could do for their war efforts.

With a flip of his palm, Leonel took out on of these texts, his gaze glowing.

'Principles of Wood Elemental Architecture'.

This text began with reminders of the importance of nature and harmony before it introduced methods of creating homes for humans without interfering with the fundamental state of an ecosystem.

However, this was just the simplest section of the text. It went on to describe what was known as an Architecture Style that reminded Leonel a lot of concepts of Feng Shui back from Earth. Essentially, depending on the complexity and delicate balance of the arrangement, a certain architectural creation could either be more powerful or less powerful.

Within the Crafting Lessons Leonel's father left behind for him, there was a section on working with living things and another section on woodworking. The living things section encompassed everything from Beast Crystals down to rare Crafts that required certain Force Herbs to complete. As for woodworking, it was an intriguing lesson that Leonel had yet to gain the opportunity to apply.

Currently, Leonel used woodworking purely to solidify and improve the Designation of his fingers. That required doing things like carving out small statues or other small woodworks. He also knew that this would be important in the future because except in the case of some rare metal and gem trees, Little Tolly's abilities didn't work on normal wood.

However, it seemed that his lessons on woodworking might finally come in handy on a broader scale. This text was definitely a heaven sent.

Leonel's solution to not disrupt the ecosystem had been to build on the water. It was a fine solution and allowed for quick deployment of the Speed Boats, but the defenses weren't as great as he would like nor were there any terrain advantages to take hold of.

This text would be a great help to ending this war and solidifing Earth's defenses quickly.

[Just one more chapter coming today, love you all <3]