Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel could only keep his tears to himself. Since he wasn't able to control himself when he entered the consciousness of the spear owner, he could only be a passive observer.

The world itself was nothing special. It didn't have the exotic feel that the jungle of the primitive man had. Instead, it seemed to be a small village, not much different from the first village Leonel and Aina landed in the France Zone.

The woman was currently practicing her spearmanship on a few wooden targets. The moment Leonel set his sights on her movements, he completely forgot how aggrieved he was just moments before.

Each of her strikes carried a blinding speed with them. The slight whistling of the wind that came when it reached the end of its acceleration made Leonel internally shiver. It was perfectly timed every time. Her spear would always reach the peak of its speed just before it hit the target and would leave a hole so perfect that the four sides of the spear's blade could be clearly seen.

It reminded Leonel of a venomous snake. Her spear would lull one to sleep then suddenly accelerate, only biting down when it had reached its optimal potential. Though she wasn't as savage as the primitive man, Leonel could still sense her underlying venom. She held an ideology no less vindictive and blood thirsty than the primitive man had. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

A loud whistle caught the attention of both Leonel and the woman whose body he was in.

The lady was soon approached by a group of three led by a young man with a bare chest rippling with muscles that seemed carved of steel. They immediately began speaking in a language Leonel couldn't understand, but, quite frankly, he didn't need to understand to see the leering and lewd gazes they looked at him, or rather, her, with.

It was only now that Leonel was no longer distracted by the woman's spearmanship that he got a good look at exactly what kind of beauty he was in the body of. If she were to be described in just a few words, Leonel would choose: stimulating to an impossible degree.

Leonel realized now that if there was no guarantee that the spear would have a male owner, then there was probably no guarantee that the spearman would be human either. This woman was definitely not human. Even if he was beaten to death, Leonel wouldn't believe that she was anything other than a succubus.

She wore nothing but two pieces of beast skin clothing. One was a strapless wrap that binded her chest, and the other was a short skirt that didn't even make it midway down her thighs. And, as though that wasn't enough, there was a slit on one side, exposing even more of her legs.

Her skin was dark, soft and flawless. Her every movement seemed to emphasize the flexibility of her body — the way her hips winded like a pendulum, the way her breasts bounced with her every slight movement, even the way her hair waved in the wind.

If Leonel wasn't fused with her body, he would likely appreciate the view even if he didn't react much to it. But, since he was, he felt jittery and uncomfortable. This feeling only got worse when the woman seemed to start flirting with the three men as though she would take them back to her home for a round far more wild than anything Xinghai had tattooed to his body.

'Please, for the love of all that's holy… Don't do this to me…!'

Unfortunately, the woman didn't seem to hear Leonel's screams. Or rather, this world was never designed for her to be able to.

She continued to flirt with the three men, making suggestive comments and displaying her tantalizing figure without restraint or embarrassment.

However, by the grace of some god up above, when the three men extended what Leonel interpreted as an invitation, the lady turned them down. Then, she said something that must have been an insult because the leading man turned red with rage.

These men probably thought it would be simple to vent their rage, but what happened next left Leonel, who wasn't even the target of the succubus-like woman, shivering.

Her spear was like the stinger of a murderous wasp. Due to the design of her blade, her array of attacks were all variations of a piercing motion. Yet, even with the lack of variability provided by hacks, chops and slashes, her moves seemed impossible to deal with.

No matter how Leonel simulated, no matter what tricks he used, no matter how hard he tried, he realized that there would only be one conclusion if he were to battle this woman…

Death.

She toyed with her enemies, a seductive smile curling her soft lips as she stabbed toward them again and again.

The three men tried to run away after their pride had been crushed, but the succubus' speed was too dazzling. She fluttered around like a butterfly, cutting off the escape of three of them with ease and a beautiful smile on her face.

At some point, other people of their village converged to watch the good show. It wasn't long before Leonel realized that this wasn't 'their' village at all. Rather, it seemed like these three men were outsiders who had been completely ignorant of this woman's power, and now they were paying the price for it.

Leonel lost count of the number of bloody holes that filled their bodies. They screamed in agony, wanting to die, but the woman didn't seem intent on letting go of her playthings.

A long while later, the screams of the men finally died down.

Blood marred the practice grounds, but not a single drop had touched the seductive beauty. In fact, that same smile was still on her face, looking toward the three dead bodies as though they were a masterpiece rather than the corpses of three men who had just been living and breathing.

In that moment, the woman's consciousness seemed to turn toward Leonel, something that shocked him greatly. He felt a cold sweat cover his back as her eyes seemed to invite him to play as well.

He startled awake, shooting up from his bed. The heaviness of his breath hung in the air as he tried to breathe, his chest heaving.

A long while later, he looked at the spear in his hand, his calmness returning to him. A cold gleam was sparked in his eyes. This wasn't exactly the consciousness he was looking for, but Leonel felt that it suited him quite well.