Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1033 l Told You

The battlefield had less than 50 people taking part. It was clear they all had a tacit understanding that this was a place reserved for elites and elites alone. Anyone else would only be like fodder to a flame.

Libli and Radlis clashed with the twins. The latter seemed to flicker in and out of existence as he pleased while the former had already put on an entire mech suit. From a delicate and petite young lady, she had become a bronze behemoth.

Back on Planet Solara, there were certain delicate mechanisms that she didn't dare to deploy for fear the planet's environment would destroy them. But now she had no qualms at all.

Her one enormous bronze arm billowed with the odd bronze Force and endless steam. Her slender arm was quick and flexible, sending out blades of energy that pressed one of the twins down.

Radlis' twin short swords were like arcs of black lightning. They appeared without warning, struck with unconscious speed, and moved like deathly shadows.

"Not bad." Radlis laughed as he vanished and appeared on a whim. "I thought that only those two would be good in this galaxy, but it turned out that there were other talents here too. It's a shame you aren't a woman or else I'd want to take you as a concubine."

The Crars twin remained indifferent to Radlis' taunting.

All around him, shields of spider web silk hung around him. In total, there were at least a dozen, each of which was just a foot in diameter. The twin's fingers moved about with a deft swiftness, controlling both these shields and several hiltless blades.

In his battle with Libli, the other twin also seemed to use the same silk based ability, their flexibility in battle coming as no joke.

Just earlier, 'Veronica', the spider beast, had vanished and became a tattoo on the latter twin's back. However, this was impossible to see as this twin wore flexible armor throughout his body. All that was possible for the others to tell was that these two brothers seemed to have abilities related to the very spider they had just ridden.

Radlis suddenly found a silk thread attached to his blade, catching him somewhat off guard.

With a quick deployment of his Dark Elemental Force, it began to corrode. But, the process was far too slow, showing just the kind of strength these silk strings had.

"You could never defeat us." The twin spoke plainly. "This world is ours."

The twin's finger flexed, causing a surge of energy to threaten to snap Radlis' wrist if he didn't release his weapon. At the same time, a hiltless blade shot toward his compromised arm, aiming to pierce through the left of Radlis' chest completely.

Radlis suddenly chuckled. "I managed to survive that lovesick woman while hiding my strength for two years. What makes you think this is enough to deal with me?"

Radlis' back suddenly erupted with tendrils of dark energy. Soon, though, it became clear that they were actually several tails. Of which, there were three in total.

With a bang, one shattered the ceiling of the speed of sound. Like a streaking shadow, it whipped through the air, slamming against the incoming hiltless blade and sending it spiraling into the air. Before the twin could regain control of it, Radlis' tail shot up, wrapping around it tightly and sending it flying.

The air felt as though it was being cut apart. The strength of Radlis' tail was completely beyond the expectations of the twin. Freeᴡebnᴏvel.cᴏm.

Several of his spiderweb shields shot out, lining up in a line to block the incoming blow.

SHUUU! PENG! PENG! PENG!

It took three shields before the blade finally got stuck in the fourth. However, before he could even have a chance at catching his breath, Radlis who had vanished into thin air appeared with his short sword at his throat.

…

At that moment, on the other side of the battlefield, Libli's battle with the other twin was raging on just as fiercely. Without having to hold back, Libli's actions flowed far more smoothly from one action to another. It was as though she had an endless supply of mechanisms, each more lethal than the last.

Chains, needles, hidden blades and spikes, extending arms and legs. The array of options she had felt infinite and it was quickly becoming more and more difficult for the second twin to read and react. No matter how many shields he had, none of it seemed to be enough. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Libli's massive steampunk bronze arm rotated a quarter, causing several small holes to appear at a joint.

An eruption of nine missiles shot out in a rotating an spiraling circle as though they were coordinating themselves in the air.

The twin shot backward explosively, sending out several shields. Trying to use the massive fog as a cover, he sent out several hiltless blades. Beneath the cloud of explosions and their noise, it should have been impossible for Libli to react.

The aftershock sent the twin flying, his feet losing their balance as he was blown backward. But, completely out of his expectations, he found the he suddenly couldn't fly any further.

To the twin's horror, a chain had wrapped around his ankle. Without even a chance to fight back, he was reeled back into the range of the explosion just in time for the final chain of missiles to implode.

…

Just like that, at seemingly the exact same time, one twin lost their head and another was blown to bits, falling within split moments of each other.

The fog around Libli slowly dispersed while the surge of Dark Elemental Force around Radlis calmed. The darkness that had taken over Radlis' gaze began to pale as he looked toward Libli with a fiendish grin.

"You're quite a beauty. It's a shame that you're not my type, I like more vuloptuous women."

Radlis' gaze went blank as he thought back to the large breasts of Balthorn. He almost began to drool.

Libli didn't react much to Radlis' words, simply brandishing her weapons and pulling back her chains. But, before the two could battle, the sound of two voices caused their pupils to constrict.

"See, I told you, Dee. We're at too much of a disadvantage. The Milky Way is too untalented, we can't beat them one on one like this."

"Fuck off, Dre. I'm unresigned. This is bullshit."

"Wouldn't everything be alright once we take Earth's talent for our own? Then nothing would hold us back any longer. For now, just listen to me."

Libli and Radlis turned their gazes to find an enormous bird hovering in the skies. On its back, two individuals that they should have just killed stood, perfectly fine as though nothing had happened.

"Since our talent isn't good enough, we'll just drown them in numbers."

At that moment, the sky that was fairly clear aside from the light drizzle of a few clouds suddenly warped. From just a single bird, there were suddenly hundreds, each of them with squadrons of ten on their backs. Instantly, a battlefield that barely had 50 people suddenly ballooned into one where a side had thousands in a single blink.

Libli and Radlis' pupils constricted into pinholes.