Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1037 Right?

Leonel had barely drawn his bow into a partial crescent when panic took hold of the battlefield.

Libli froze and suddenly couldn't move a single inch. No matter how she calculated, no matter how she wracked her brain, she couldn't manage to figure out a method to live. So long as Leonel targeted her, she would die. For the first time in her life, she was 100% certain of a conclusion.

The only people capable of resisting that strike were powerful Quasi and True Sixth Dimensional existences. In addition, they couldn't be normal Quasi Sixth Dimensional existences either. Considering how weak the Tier 9 pair of twins had been, losing to Libli who wasn't even Tier 7 yet, it was doubtful that there was anyone born in the Milky Way capable of such a feat.

The only chance they had was if Leonel didn't fire at all… But what chance was there of that?

Leonel's fingers released from the string, his actions smooth and unhurried. From barely being able to pull this bow to 20% of its potential, Leonel could now pull it to 100% with ease. However, he had chosen not to because it was simply unnecessary.

Rippling waves of distorted air pulsed around the flying arrow. At first glance, it almost looked like the warped images one would see around an extraordinarily hot object. The air wasn't steaming, but its surroundings twisted and bent almost like a rippling puddle of water.

"Protect the Princes!"

The roar came from the backline but the Crars warriors all fell into rank. As though this order was an injection shot of bravery, their eyes went red.

'A commander type ability?' Leonel's gaze narrowed. 'But this works out well too.'

SHUUUU!

Several roars shot into the skies, rows upon rows of warriors blocking the path of Leonel's arrow toward Dee and Dre.

As far as Leonel was concerned, the large number of Crars warriors was the main roadblock to him capturing this space. So, he hadn't hesitated to target their leaders as he had done from the very beginning. As for the results, they were just as shocking.

Leonel's arrows became no different from a screeching projectile shot from a powerful ballista. It tore through the first line of warriors, reaping three lives at a time. Even the waters it traveled over split beneath its momentum, creating a violent churning effect that made the situation all the more disastrous.

This time, the arrow was on target. Leonel wouldn't be taken off guard by the same thing twice and he had already adjusted his calculations. The result was an arrow far more devastating than the last.

The first casual arrow reaped just over a dozen lives despite hitting nothing but air the whole time. This arrow, however, reaped that many on just first contact.

It tore through the army, shredding armors to pieces and twisting flesh and bone into grinding meat paste.

Dee and Dre watched on in horror, their hearts trembling. Even the elite warriors they had originally come with found it difficult to even move an inch. The only one who had managed to do anything was the old man who shouted out earlier, but even then he had only done so to protect himself.

'This… Is a suppression between Dimension… Who is this monster…?'

At that moment, Dre finally understood. They were truly finished.

BANG!

The arrow finally landed on the waters, a violent churning of water jetting outward. Shards of space followed suit, shredding anyone in its way to pieces.

By the time the waters calmed, a quarter of the thousands the Crars had brought had been wiped out.

The Speed Boats finally entered the range of the battlefield, their parachute systems deploying like the wings of a silver bird and their anchors falling.

Bow in hand, a dense violet fog hung around Leonel. Fused with his Level 3 Bow Force, it felt like a curtain a gravity had fallen over the second Lake Crossing, making the knees of those who laid eyes on him weak.

Right then, Milan, Raj, Drake and Allan stepped out of the boats ready to fight. However, what they saw when they came out left them speechless. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

The retreating warriors had come to a grinding halt, not daring to move a single step any longer. A cone shaped had opened up toward the center of the battlefield, followed by a path of blood and gore. And, every one of the warriors despite some clearly being on opposing sides had locked gazes with Leonel, the fear in them clear.

"Hey, Cap… What'd you do?"

Raj cleared his throat and squeezed these words out. Allan, however, noticed that Leonel's back wasn't as straight as it normally was. In fact, his skin was paler than usual as well. Whatever it was that Leonel had done clearly took a lot out of him.

While it was true that Leonel could fire two more of these arrows if he dug deep, that was only if he dug deep. He would only be able to fire one more without using his Natural Force Art and relying on Auspicious Air, so really he only had one more in him currently.

A theoretical number was far different from the true number. The reason Leonel hadn't pulled his bowstring all the way back was because he was well aware of this.

Very rarely could humans reach their true limits. It often took trying circumstances and lack of choice to push someone to that limit. The fact that Leonel only had one more in him already put him in a state of sheer exhaustion.

However, he still stood there, glaring at the battlefield menacingly as if he could release a hundred more so long as they dared him to.

Leonel's gaze swept through the battlefield before it landed on seemingly empty space. The moment it did, it narrowed somewhat, causing that empty space to shudder, releasing a hint of Dark Elemental energy that had most definitely not been there before.

Radlis was forced to appear before the coercion, coughing somewhat awkwardly.

"… Hey buddy, long time no see. How's Aina? I bet she's just as beautiful as ever, right?"