Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1042 Reaper's

On the back of the junior starship, several groups of individuals stood. It became clear after some observations that they mainly fell into four categories. There were the unit of the Radix-Midas families, then there came the Umbra, Rain and even the Florer family.

Despite their status as lifelong enemies, the Florer family had still come together with the Radix-Midas families. It was clear that benefits were placed above all things when it came to these large families. Though there was some tension in the air, it wasn't anything these noblemen and women hadn't experienced countless times before. What was a gathering of noble families without millennia of pent up grudges and never ending revenge stories?

At this moment, though, they all stood with cocktails and drinks in their hands, laughing and amused expressions on their faces as they gazed down toward the planet below.

"It was definitely a good choice to send Rotsan to go and make our stance clear. Look at how much fun he's having down there."

The one who spoke was a gorgeous middle-aged woman. She had sparkling blue eyes and cascading black hair. There was something about her that seemed particularly illusory even though she stood on the back of the junior starship just like the rest of them.

This woman was the current head of the Rain family, Deloris Rain.

"My little brother has been a pain in my neck all his life, it's about time he put that talent of his to some use."

The Head of the Radix family, Avarone Radix, laughed. He currently stood right by the Head of the Midas family, a man of enormous stature with teeth shimmering like sharpened rubies—Siris Midas.

"The fools of Earth actually dared to capture one of my sons and yet were stupid enough to come here as though there could be negotiations after that. This is the first time I've met a Fifth Dimensional world that actually dared to be so arrogant. My Florer family has been sorely lacking in Elite Spores recently, I'll be certain to teach them what fear and respect is."

The Head of the Florer family was a woman with breasts twice the size of her head. But, this was also because she could be considered to be overweight.

Her belly bulged beneath her green gown and her chest threatened to pop it at the seams. It was clear that even if she lost the extra weight, she would still be elite in that department. The trouble was that this was hardly enough to make up for other … odd features.

Head Belize Florer had a head of hair constructed of dark green vines. They appeared to be somewhat slimy on first glance as they were constantly exuded an odd viscous liquid that released a smell even more pungent than Head Siris' sulfur breath. This smell was akin to concentrated cut grass, making it difficult to breathe.

If that was it, it might still be acceptable. But Head Belize also had a spider lily growing out of her forehead and its roots were visible beneath her skin. It made one's spine tingle watching the roots pulse every so often, sucking in her blood from nourishment.

For a family of supposed tree lovers and huggers, the Florer family was seemed to be the scariest of them all. If they were aware of exactly what 'Elite Spores' were, this conclusion would be even more set in stone.

The final Head was, of course, of the Umbra family, Silam Umbra. However, neither he, nor the youths to his back, spoke a single word. It seemed like unlike Radlis, the remaining members of the Umbra family matched their pale skin with stoicism and quiet.

"Isn't it because they're fools that we have to lay it out so plainly for them?" Deloris chortled. "We clearly only sent the younger generation after them as a sign of good faith and a form of taking a step back as the strong bullying the weak, but they actually took this as being our own weakness. Since they don't appreciate kindness, we'll show them something else entirely, then.Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

"Avarone, it'll be best if your brother lets a few of them escape, but as punishment I think about half of them should die. What do you think?"

"I agree." Belize supported Deloris. "I would say to kill them all, but we still need to get the young ones back."

Avarone chuckled. "There's no need to worry, Rotsan knows what to do. I think Earth actually sent two of its Princes here as well, we might as well capture them both too."

"Fools." Belize sneered. "They really think we haven't sent anyone in the Sixth Dimension because we can't when in reality it's because who would pay such a heavy price to crush an ant?"

The youths behind the five Heads all held an undisguised contempt in their eyes.

So what if Earth had potential? It was ultimately just that: potential. When in the face of a higher Dimensional world, what chance did they stand?

…

On the barren planet, Leonel looked back toward Milan who had been forced to retreat. At that moment, the young man who had been protecting Leonel all his life had a trickle of blood running down his lips and dripping from his chin. There was something especially sharp about that red color in Leonel's eyes currently. It was as though he could only see the whole world through shades of it and nothing else.

"Barking dog?" Leonel said lightly.

​ "That's right, did I not speak clearly enough for you?" Rotsan's sneer deepened. "Do you need me to repeat it a bit louder for you? Keep your barking dog on a leash or else I'll leash him for you."

The youths of Earth suddenly flared up. Many of them knew Milan well as they had been fighting together for years before Leonel returned. This sort of humiliation wasn't something they would stand for, however the strength of Rotsan was completely out of their expectations. They found it difficult even to stand near him.

However, even as their tempers flared, the two Princes, Noah and Leonel, only seemed to get calmer.

"I see… I don't think I care anymore." Leonel said lightly.

"Don't care? That's the right idea. Dogs should be dogs, what need is there to care for them?"

Rotsan's next words couldn't help but pause when Leonel turned back to meet his gaze. At that moment, the twin oppression of the Princes bore down, causing the wind in the surroundings to turn heavy.

"Sometimes being nice is just a waste of time. I wonder if your head would make your galaxies understand?" Leonel's voice had become akin to a reaper's.