Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1043 withering Snowfall

Rotsan's smiling expression became even, a murderous aura coming off of him before the smile returned. This time, however, it seemed particularly bloody despite not having the slightest tinge of red associated with it.

​ "What did you just say to me?"Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

The aura of a Quasi Sixth Dimensional existence rose into the skies, rippling waves of earth spreading outward, threatening to send the youths before him flying into the distance.

He had decided, he would thoroughly humiliate them all. Only then would he kill half and send the other half crawling back to Earth. Who did they think they were to challenge the dignity of a Sixth Dimensional world?

Those within higher Dimensions were the Gods of those below. This wasn't a simple barrier separating people, it might as well have been a chasm separating species. If you were from a lower Dimension, you were nothing more than an ant. This was the way of the Dimensional Verse. The idea of a Fifth Dimensional world challenging the authority of a Sixth Dimensional one… was unheard of.

And Rotsan would make sure that it remained that way. After this day, Earth wouldn't dare to raise its head up again.

"Noah." Leonel spoke just as lightly, his hair and clothing billowing beneath Rotsan's strength.

"Yes."

"I'm going to kill him."

"Okay."

Leonel's foot raised. Just when it began to descend, he vanished, crossing the already short distance between him and Rotsan.

…

Up above, the Heads were speechless before Belize erupted into laughter.

"They really overestimate themselves. This makes things easier. Now no one can say we bullied the weak, it's clear these fools who attacked first."

The others Heads remained silent, but the look in their eyes painted a picture that couldn't have been more clear. However, their expressions changed when Leonel reappeared.

…

A man donning silver armor appeared before Rotsan, his twin bladed spear sweeping through the air with an eerily silent momentum. It was as though everywhere it passed by, it would be spliced into two. There was nothing that could obstruct its path and even less that could force it to halt.

Rotsan's pupils constricted. He could feel the strength behind Leonel's strike, and it somewhat surprised him. But, it was nowhere near enough to force him into a corner.

He raised a hand, his Radix Cube actually appearing, something that made his brother's gaze narrow. For Rotsan to take out his Radix Cube to face a junior, this was definitely out of their expectations. It was clear that they might have miscalculated a small measure.

However, even then, they felt that this was good. If Rotsan wasn't underestimating his opponent, this would only end swifter.

Rotsan's Radix Cube shimmered, adhering to his palm and coating to fit it. He struck out toward Leonel's strike, but what happened next was only further out of his expectations.

'Four Seasons.'

BANG!

An eruption of Universal Force rocked the skies. Rotating artistic conceptions fused and defused around Leonel, each forming a gorgeous image in the skies that gave the barren planet some character.

'Summer. Radiant Core.'

The images shifted and grew brighter, a singular core of silver-red less than a quarter the size of Leonel's head forming. It appeared between Leonel's spear blade and Rotsan's bronze palm, leaving a sickening crunching sound in its wake.

Rotsan's eyes widened, a shrill cry leaving his lips. He could feel the Force of his Radix Cube being distorted. And, even worse, there was a strong radiation and heat searing his skin to it. In the blink of an eye, not only had his hand shattered, but it had also gained a coating of molten metal.

He retreated explosively, his mind going blank. This was his Radix Cube! How could it possibly be so fragile? It was designed for battle!

It was only at that moment that Rotsan noticed the weapon in Leonel's hand. As a Force Crafter, it only took him a single glance.

'Quasi Silver?!'

Rotsan didn't get much time to think when he realized that someone was actually behind him.

Noah had appeared with his enormous saber. It rested on his shoulder, his gaze remaining just as placid as Leonel's own.

An eruption of Universal Force surged out of him, the skies beginning to twinkle with flashing meteors, radiant moons, gorgeous worlds and sparkling stars.

Like this, Leonel and Noah split the battlefield in two. On side was a paradise of the skies, the other was a paradise of the Earth. A clash of the greater Dimensional Verse and the simplicity of the Seasons. It was the kind of gorgeous painting that deserved to be immortalized.

Noah swung down.

Unlike Leonel's silent strike, his resounded like rumbling mountains. The air quaked and the ground beneath his feet split.

'Dammit!'

Rotsan was infuriated. He had been caught off guard by Leonel and now he was suddenly being pincered by two brats. Did they really think that he was a push over?!

Rotsan brought down a strong chop mid way up his forearm, slicing his own hand and wrist off.

The Radix Cube fell to the ground along with his flesh. But, just before it hit earth, it rebounded as though it had a mind of its own, shooting up into the air again.

Rotsan shot out his bloody stump as his bronze eyeball rotated. A laser shot out from it and toward Leonel. At the same time, the Radix Cube morphed despite some of its internal components being melted. It reformed an enormous palm, replacing Rotsan's missing hand.

With quick actions, Rotsan spun back toward Noah, slamming a palm of spinning gears toward his saber.

BANG!

A surge of Force clashed between the two. Having been forced to attack in a hurry, Rotsan was only able to gather up enough strength to match Noah evenly.

'Complete cycle of the Heavenly Body Realm…' Rotsan's pupils constricted to an absolute extreme before his expression changed. '… That's impossible, I—!'

Rotsan couldn't finish his thought, his Force surging as he sent out an opposite palm toward his back. He didn't know how Leonel could have possibly managed to deal with his laser so quickly, but he didn't have time to think.

'Winter... Withering Snowfall...'

"No!"

A spurt of blood shot into the sky, an arm spinning about in the air beneath the fountain of crimson.