Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1044 Respect

Rotsan's shock reached an untold level. He was certain that he had done enough to block Leonel, whether that be his laser or the subsequent attack. But, he had somehow lost his arm.

That should have been impossible! His laser was a hidden measure and carried the impact of a Tier 9 expert, not to mention a speed that dwarfed even a Quasi Sixth Dimensional existence.

To make matters worse, his strike should have been more than enough to deal with a Tier 1 expert like Leonel who had only grasped the Four Seasons Realm. But, to his shock, not only was Leonel's Four Seasons Realm far more powerful than any Rotsan had ever come across before, but his Winter Artistic Conception was actually able to corrode his Force.

The result was the Force Rotsan prepared as a counter being rendered useless and his arm flying off as a result.

To Rotsan's horror, Leonel's assault didn't come to an end, nor did Noah take even a step back. Their oppressive auras rose in unison, burying Rotsan's own beneath their might.

Rotsan dove to the side, running from Leonel's blade and trying to slip Noah's in such a way that the two Princes would be forced to clash.

However, it was right at that moment that a new oppression descended.

Leonel's gaze was cold, the pale violet hues of his irises dancing with a darker and darker light.

He held out his silver dual bladed spear, the air around it trembling.

Leonel had had this spear in his possession for a very long time. But, he had never been able to use its Domain. Every attempt he made resulted in the spear fighting back, its disdain for him being almost palpable. However, things were different now.

A buzzing sound appeared from thin air, the spear continuing to tremble.

"Duality."

Leonel and Noah's speeds suddenly broke through a barrier. Realizing the change, Noah no longer hesitated, his body weight increasing explosively as a sheen of diamond coated his skin. His saber doubled in size as he swung down.

Rotsan's expression warped. He tried to retreat again, but for some reason he found that his speed had plummeted.

His bronze eyeball spun, a sudden realization hitting him. The percentage of his speed he lost was exactly how much Leonel and Noah gained, simply split between the two of them.

He was a Crafter. Picking out the subtle details and completing quick calculations was something he had been doing all his life. He realized then that there was no way this was a coincidence. Was this the ability of Leonel? How could he have such a powerful ability…?

The exchange between the three grew heated, Rotsan throwing out everything he had to survive. But, the delicate instruments of his Radix Cube had been destroyed by Leonel right at the outset of the battle, leaving him with only the most crude of his Crafts.

He realized that Leonel had planned this from the very beginning, driving him into a corner from the start and ensuring that he never got to use his full strength as a Quasi Sixth Dimensional existence.

His actions had seemed reckless, but they were calculated to an extreme. Rotsan wanted to shout this out at the top of his lungs, to warn his brother and the others of what they might have to face, but he was so suffocated by the two Princes that he couldn't even find the space to take a breath.

…

On the ship above, an eerie silence had fallen. Avarone Radix's veins popped along his forehead, the aura of a Sixth Dimensional existence threatening to shatter the space around him. The creaking of the ship grew more and more violent.

"Head, I will go!"

A young man stepped out from the Radix family. He knew that if the Head could go, he already would have. Unfortunately, even though the junior starship seemed to be hovering just above the planet, the reality was that they were literally a world away. Crossing into a Fifth Dimensional Fold of Reality took a lot out of a Sixth Dimensional existence. By the time he succeeded, the battle would be over.

"Go!" Avarone practically growled.

…

Sabers, spears and palms crossed and clashed. Rotsan's body was beaten and bloodied, barely using the reserves of his strength to hold on. But, it was very quickly becoming apparent that he wouldn't be able to hold on much longer.

All around him, the youths of Earth watched on coldly, a pride blooming in their hearts as they watched their two Princes drive such a powerful man to his death.

Who said that they were weak? That they were dogs?

The billowing violet aura hanging around Leonel only seemed to grow thicker while the emerald of Noah's gaze grew brighter.

Noah's saber doubled in size again.

Rotsan swung out his bronzed palm in retaliation, but his attack speed was suddenly halved while Noah's accelerated even after seemingly already reaching its top speed.

"FUCK! I'll go all out with you!"

A billow Bronze Force shot up around Rotsan's body, causing his skin to quickly turned metallic, all sorts of hidden gadgets within his body piercing outside and coating him from head to toe. But, if this would really change the outcome of the battle… he would have already done it.

In that moment, Leonel appeared to his back, his spear arching upward and taking with it Rotsan's other arm just as it rose up to block Noah's strike.

Rotsan's expression became ferocious, his teeth becoming bronzed as he bit down toward the blade. But, Noah's wrist shifted, hacking at Rotsan's waist.

The sound of metal sheering metal resounded, Noah's saber getting stuck half way through Rotsan's body.

Horror lit the latter's gaze as he fell to his knees, blood and fluid oil falling out from him. Even nearing his death, he had no idea how Leonel had rendered so many of his abilities so useless.

It was only after a small Metal Spirit wiggled its way out of his wounded hip that he came to understand…

'Metal… Spirit…'Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Leonel and Noah stood over Rotsan's kneeling figure, their expression unmoved and indifferent. If it wasn't for their slightly hurried breathing, it would be difficult to believe that they were human.

Leonel raised his spear. Right now, he had no intention of being diplomatic nor merciful. He wasn't a fool. He understood exactly what would have happened had he and Noah not been strong enough today.

"STOP!"

A figure was forming in a not too far off teleportation platform, the very one they had planned to use to bring them to their ship. However, this figure was horrified to find that his body was still illusory as though caught between two states.

Leonel swept a gaze over. As if he would allow reinforcements to casually come and go as they pleased. Did he really look like a fool to them?

His spear didn't pause for even a moment.

"I swear if that spear falls, you'll regret it!"

The moment these words were said, a crimson light lit Leonel's gaze.

The two most important things in his life, the mantra he had lived by since he was a child, was Respect and Persistence. What he hated the most was being disrespected.

SHUUU! *SSSS*

Leonel's spear swept through Rotsan's neck, a fountain of blood following suit. Then, he pointed it toward the illusory figure.

"As many as you send is as many as I will kill."