Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1045 Dissatisfied

Noah watched as Leonel's spear descended and he made no move to stop it.

In the past, Noah had put in a lot of effort trying to match the status quo. He became the perfect prince, followed all of the rules, and was in lockstep with everything that was expected of him. If the himself of just four years ago was in this same position, he may very well have stepped out to stop Leonel before they escalated the situation beyond the realms of return.

However, after experiencing the battle with Terrain, watching his close friends fall one after another while his own individual power seemed completely unable to stop it all, something within him had shifted.

He had worked harder in the last four years than anyone, but the greatest change was definitely in his demeanor. Outwardly, it seemed as though he was still the same person. But inwardly, he was a caged beast lashing out against his chains, waiting to be released.

So, when Leonel said that he would kill this man and even called out to him, Noah didn't hesitate to step forward for even a single moment.

He was the Prince of the Ascension Empire. All the youths here were people he was duty bound to protect with his life. A slight against them was a slap across his face.

They wanted to use them as an example? To kill and capture them as a warning to Earth? Well in that case, they could taste his blade.

The youth stuck within the teleportation platform fumed with rage. However, after speaking his final words, Leonel no longer paid attention to him, walking back toward Milan.

"Are you alright?"

Milan gave Leonel a cheeky, yet bloodied grin. It seem he wasn't quite aware that his teeth were soaked with blood at this moment. Milan tried to speak, but he ended up coughing.

Leonel frowned deeply, placing a hand on Milan's shoulder. When he used his Internal Sight to see the state of Milan's body, the coldness in Leonel's gaze grew deep.

Milan might have been standing now, but that was only because his pride hadn't allowed him to fall. As prideful as Leonel was, his brothers were just the same. It could be said that there wasn't a single one of Milan's inner organs that wasn't damaged. In fact, maybe if it wasn't because of his skilled application of his energy shield, the result would have been worse. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Both James and Milan shared the same ability. However, when James awakened, he was A-grade while Milan was C-grade initially. As both matured, the gap between them increased exponentially.

After seeing James' application of his energy shield, Milan realized that he was far behind in not just talent, but ingenuity as well. So, he began to experiment with changing the form of his energy shield and the result of this actually saved his life this time.

Leonel seemed to realize this as well because his Dream Path ability hadn't computed this progression for Milan either. Of course, that was because he had yet to use Dream Path again since he returned, but it was the reality nonetheless.

Calming his emotions, Leonel began to heal Milan. Only after the latter was back in perfect condition did he look toward the youth who was currently still stuck between teleportation states. No matter how hard he tried, he could neither go forward nor backward. At this point, rather than his usual bravado, he had silently begun to feel fear. If Leonel had already killed one of them, why not one more?

BANG!

Leonel clenched a fist, the space around the teleportation platform warping and shattering.

"NO!"

Leonel was completely unmoved.

"Let's head back." Leonel looked toward everyone before landing on Noah. "I'm sure that their attacks will be more furious now, but I can also tell that you're all dissatisfied as well. Make sure they feel that dissatisfaction."

Leonel waved a hand, activating the teleportation platform they had used to come here. However, everyone's gaze was on Leonel who was clearly not coming with them.

"I won't be far behind you all, I just have some things to finish first." Leonel said with a smile.

Even though his smile looked just the same as it always did, for some reason, it felt especially cold at this moment. It was only now they realized just how easy it was for Leonel to fake this smile and it made them wonder… How many other times had he done exactly that?

The youths all vanished, returning to Earth's Fold of Reality and leaving no one but Leonel and Rotsan's corpse on the barren planet.

Leonel sent a gaze up toward the junior starship looming on the planet's horizon before directly ignoring them and moving toward the decapitated corpse.

Little Tolly bobbed upon Leonel's shoulder, looking on with excitement. This was the first time the little guy had gotten to participate in a battle so directly and it was clearly more than just a little excited. However, Leonel let it have its fun. After all, if it wasn't for Little Tolly, the battle wouldn't have ended nearly as simply.

That moment when Leonel used his Radiant Core artistic conception, Rotsan thought that it was it that melted the core components Radix Cube when in reality it was a clever and stealth application of a small piece of Little Tolly's body.

In a panic, Rotsan cut his forearm off, but that was the perfect mask to allow Little Tolly to sneak into his body. Under any other circumstances, Little Tolly burrowing through your flesh would have alerted you to something being off due to the searing pain, but because Rotsan had expected pain from his forearm since he cut it off, he hadn't realized that anything was wrong.

By the time he understood that something had to be off, Little Tolly had already reached the metallic parts hidden within his body and began to destroy them all. In that state, since they were all his artificial body pieces, Rotsan hadn't felt any pain at all and only realized something was wrong when he tried to activate their mechanisms.

Leonel wasn't under any illusions that he could defeat a Quasi Sixth Dimensional existence, especially not one from a far more talented galaxy than the Milky Way. So, he felt no shame in using such hidden tactics for victory.

The Radix family only had themselves to blame for daring to use metals in a battle with him.

Leonel squatted down by Rotsan's body and shot a fist through his skull. With one swift motion, he ripped out the latter's bronze eyeball.

At that moment, the fury of the Radix family had definitely reached a peak.