Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1048 Little Lion

While the Sixth Dimensional families likely believed that Leonel had returned to Earth, the truth was that Leonel was currently streaking across the stars in the Segmented Cube. As for his destination, it was a branch of the Force Crafter's Guild.

Leonel hadn't forgotten the chance the Golden Path Branch had given him and he planned to cash in on that chance right this moment. Although Leonel's father disliked the Force Crafting Guild for some reason, Leonel doubted that that problem stemmed from these lower level branches, so he formed relationships without worrying about it.

When Leonel felt that he was on the right trajectory, he allowed the Segmented Cube to cruise and pulled out the bronze eyeball.

Just looking at it now, Leonel could tell that it was intricately structured. In fact, it was no less complicated than the inner workings of Rotsan's Radix Cube. Remembering how violently Libli had reacted to even the idea of restarting your Radix Cube, Leonel chuckled to himself. It almost felt like Rotsan had indeed restarted, it was just that he hid it in a different form.

'There's a lot of hidden mechanisms in this eye and I would be stupid to think that there aren't other lines of defenses. If I take a wrong step, it would probably self destruct. But, could it be more complicated than the Memory Ore?'

Leonel highly doubted that and he was correct. He sunk his Internal Sight into the eyeball and quickly deciphered its inner workings.

'Metal doesn't act like this… It's almost like a living organism rather than a dead object… This has to be related to the Bronze Force…'

Leonel realized that the inner workings were indeed not as complex as the Memory Ore. However, even though it was less complex, Leonel was still at a bit of a loss on how to open it up.

It felt like Leonel had a perfect lock picking set for the Memory Ore, but for this eyeball, even though the mechanisms were simpler, he was missing the appropriate tools. Leonel knew that if he acted rashly, he would end up losing the eye entirely.

Leonel narrowed his eyes.

With a flip of his palm, the bronze eye vanished and was replaced by a shimmering bronze crystal. There hadn't been enough Force to form a Pure Crystal, but there had been enough for the Segmented Cube to form a normal Crystal. This should be more than enough for the dictionary to analyze.

Leonel thought for a moment, trying decide what the best question to ask was before he settled on one.

"What type of Force category does this Force fall under?"

[ *Ping* ]

[Replying to Seed, this Force falls under two categories: Life Elemental and Limit Breaking]

Leonel's brows shot up.

"Is Breaking Force also a type of Limit Breaking?"

Leonel had gotten so swept up in the war that he forgot about the tentacle womb. He didn't have the luxury to care about it. But now that the Seed had actually said something like this, it clicked.

[ *Ping* ]

[ Breaking Force is a name that the Limit Breaking type goes by ]

Leonel was suddenly endlessly intrigued. So maybe this Breaking Force wasn't as rare as he thought, or maybe it simply came in all sorts of shapes and sizes, not to mention qualities.

But, to think that the Bronze Force truly wasn't related to Metal Forces at all. Leonel had already guessed this, but even in his most extreme conclusions he had thought that it could be routed back to Earth Force in some way, shape or form. Clearly, though, this wasn't the case.

"What is the strictest definition of Limit Breaking?"

[ *Ping* ]

[ To twist the fundamental governing Laws of Force ]

"What happens when Bronze Force is applied to metals?"

[ *Ping* ]

The dictionary took a pause. It was the sort of pause that usually happened when a recording was about to go live. But, to Leonel's shock, there was no recording this time. That meant that there was only one explanation: The dictionary needed time to compute the answer.

This truth shocked Leonel maybe more than anything else. He had never seen the dictionary need time to do anything. Clearly, this was taking a lot out of it.

[ Replying to Seed, there is a 97% chance that the inorganic metal with gain organic properties ]

The answer was simple and to the point, but it left Leonel speechless.

"What kind of organic properties?"

[ *Ping* ]

There was another long pause, but this time, even after ten minutes, there was no answer. This made Leonel realize something.

"Don't list all the possibilities, just give me a general answer."

Leonel tried to throw out this lifeline to the dictionary. Even though its answers were usually as specific as possible, he hoped it had the ability to make an exception. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

[ Replying to Seed, the organic properties would depend on the metal. A general property would be that the metal would become an extension of the body the Bronze Force originated from and become like an additional limb ]

Hearing this response, Leonel's gaze glowed fiercely. Even the Morales family Lineage Factor couldn't do such a thing.

However, there was something nagging at Leonel. It felt like… The Radix family was misusing their own Lineage Factor. Sure, this Bronze Force had such an effect on metals, but what about its effect on other things? There was nothing about this Force that made it so that it could only be used in this way…

Leonel fell into deep thought.

**

Within the Ascension Palace's gardens, Emperor Fawkes sat in silent meditation as usual. He was looking younger and younger by the day. From an old man, in just a few years he already seemed to be back in his 40's. He exuded a handsome charm that could make countless women swoon and had a maturity and forcefulness to his aura that demanded respect.

It was the kind of demeanor that allowed him to speak as outlandishly as he usually did, and yet still no one dared to slight him.

"Daddy."

At that moment, a sweet voice drifted into Emperor Fawkes ears. It held a delicate melody to it that even dwarfed Anya's own. It came with the kind of richness Anya simply didn't have because she lacked the age and refinement.

Emperor Fawkes' eyes opened, his expression softening when he heard this voice.

"Little girl, you've finished?"

"I am coming back now, I will return to the Luxnix family very soon. Can you help send my little lion over? His mother misses him."