Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1050 Wildly

Leonel had no idea that his mother was currently speaking with his grandfather about such things and he also had no idea that his grandfather actually knew so much about his life. It would be hard to tell how Leonel would react to such a thing.

It was an odd coincidence, though. Leonel's mother might have contacted Leonel directly to tell him to go to the Luxnix family, but Leonel wasn't currently in Earth's Fold of Reality so the Princess hadn't been able to use her World Spirit to find him and could only speak with Emperor Fawkes.

But, maybe this was for the best. If Leonel had to be hounded by his mother about what happened with Aina, who knows how such a thing would end.

This aside, the current Leonel was still thinking about Bronze Force, imagining the ways that it could be applied and used.

According to the dictionary, Bronze Force reacted differently based on the metal it was targeting, but the fundamental truth was that it could give the inorganic characteristics of the organic. This was what allowed the Radix to fuse their cubes into their bodies, presumably, and it should also be what allowed them to control the metals to form delicate structures.

Under these conditions, the Radix family should be quite good at creating Crafts for themselves but lacking creating Crafts for others. After all, it wasn't like they could give their Bronze Force to others to use.

There was something else curious about this as well, and that was the close relationship between the Radix and Midas family. That must factor in somehow. However, Leonel couldn't really wrap his head around what was so special about their relationship and why they insisted on maintaining it generation after generation.

From what Leonel understood, the Midas family was one with great Fire affinity. But, he didn't know much else. He wasn't sure what could be so useful about this, especially since the crafting of the Radix family obviously didn't rely on fire.

'This is just surface level stuff. But ultimately, if Bronze Force has such abilities when applied to metals, what else could it be applied to? If I had the ability to form Bronze Force of my own, could I add it to fire to give it life as well? What about light?...'

The possibilities were endless. If the inanimate could be controlled by a person like it was another limb, just how powerful would that be?

'But…'

Leonel couldn't help but think back to Libli's aversion to starting another Radix Cube. What if that was a taboo created for a reason? A taboo potentially related to a limitation of Bronze Force?

Leonel shook his head. None of this mattered because Leonel ultimately didn't have the ability to produce Bronze Force. And, without a high enough concentration of this Force to form a Pure Force Crystal with Natural Force Arts he could study, he couldn't draw a Force Art to accumulate it either.

That said, the solution to this was simple.

'Blood Force is very easy to accumulate, it just requires killing and beasts tend to have it formed in large quantities. I can use [Twinkling Lily] to extract it and then pass it off to the koi fish. And now, I have a method of easily accumulating Life and Breaking Force too…

'I just need to kill all the Radix I come across.'

Leonel's expression turned cold. Since the Radix wanted to be his enemies, he would use them to upgrade his tentacle womb.

The cold in Leonel's gaze slowly receded. What he needed was information and this eyeball likely had much of what he needed within it. There was no way he could let it sit doing nothing, but he also couldn't rashly take action.

Leonel stared at the Bronze Crystal in his palm. He wanted to take control of the energy within it, but he had no affinity with it. He could hardly budge it at all, let alone use it with enough deftness to dodge the traps of the bronze eyeball.

'Unless…'Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Leonel suddenly took out the Silver Tablet.

His reasoning was simple. He had a feeling that the Silver Tablet fell into the Limit Breaking type as well considering all of the things it could do. In fact, it was on a much higher plane than the Bronze Force was.

At the same time, the Silver Tablet was a perfect medium. It was great at consuming, redirecting and controlling energy. In addition to this, it was very docile before Leonel and listened to his thoughts without reserve. Leonel even had a feeling that he was only scratching the surface of what this Tablet was capable of, but that was a problem for another day.

'Good… This should work.'

Using the Silver Tablet as a medium, the unmoving Bronze Force suddenly became very responsive. After a few tests, Leonel gave a confident nod and flipped his palm to reveal the bronze eyeball.

Just like that, in not even a few minutes, a light click resounded as the mechanisms of the eyeball fell into silence. Nothing seemed to have changed and the eyeball hadn't changed shape, but Leonel knew that everything was safe and clear now.

'So it's a spatial treasure, I see…'

Leonel's gaze glowed. It seemed that all of these mechanisms were put in place for the sake of hiding the spatial properties of this eyeball. But now that the protections were gone, a new world opened up to Leonel.

'… So large…'

Leonel was shocked. Aside from the Segmented Cube, this was the largest inner space he had ever seen. In fact, it was an entire library and was at least 50 by 50 meters with a ceiling height of at least double that.

The spatial treasures that Leonel was used to were at best five cubic meters large. But, he soon realized that this spatial treasure from a Sixth Dimensional world should probably be exactly this large. Plus, it wasn't like it could hold living things like the Segmented Cube could.

That said, the state of Leonel's calm only lasted for a moment because Leonel was immediately shocked just a split second later.

After a long pause, he grinned wildly.