Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1051 One Word

Leonel had expected something good the moment he saw the size of the hidden space within, but he had most definitely not expected anything so good.

It was one thing if this ring carried all the secret techniques of the Radix family. Though this would be interesting and a decent reference for Leonel, especially as he moved toward maybe one day soon starting on his second Divine Armor, it wouldn't be to the point that Leonel would react like this.

Even though Leonel managed to take control of Rotsan's Bronze Force with the help of the Silver Tablet, it had to be understood that this didn't change the fact that Bronze Force was ultimately something Leonel could not use.

The Radix were able to use Bronze Force as an extension of themselves to make their Radix Cubes a part of their very being, almost like gaining another complex limb. However, because Leonel couldn't produce Bronze Force himself since he didn't share their Lineage Factor, he would never be able to replicate this feat. Without the ability to produce Bronze Force, Leonel wouldn't be able to make the metals his own.

Even if Leonel stole from the Radix and formed more Bronze Crystals like these, he would end up making objects that could act as extensions of others rather than him. Say for example he used Libli's Bronze Force, whatever object he changed would ultimately be hers to control.

This was all to say that though Leonel was intrigued by the Radix family's Crafting skill, it wasn't to the point that it would be life changing to him. Ultimately, it was highly unlikely that any Sixth Dimensional family would be able to match up to the knowledge the Morales family could provide, especially when it was remembered that the branch of the Force Crafter's Guild itself viewed the Morales as a rival.

So why was Leonel so excited? It could be summed up in one word: Secrets!

Leonel had never expected that Rotsan was such an important individual. The information he held within his eye went beyond the scope of the Radix family but even touched on secrets of not only the Midas, but even their enemy and potential enemy families.

This meant that not only did this library have the resulting espionage on the Midas family, but it also had in depth information on the Umbra, Rain and especially the Florer family. Even beyond that, there was a dense breakdown of the Milky Way and a half a dozen other galaxies in the general vicinity.

Leonel could have never thought that such a thing would fall into his lap. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

What Leonel didn't know was that Rotsan was a contingency plan of the Radix family. This store of information was actually a copy of the main source. In case anything happened to one, there would always be the other. This was why Rotsan set things up to so confidently destroy all of this valuable information.

But in the end, how could the Radix ever prepare for a day where their Radix Shield would run into the wielder of a Metal Spirit whose combat prowess was low enough in relation to him to warrant such a sneaky use of the Natural Treasure?

The irony of it all was that if Leonel was powerful enough to crush Rotsan without such underhanded means, Rotsan's plan would have gone smoothly and this information would have never landed in Leonel's hands.

'It seems my luck isn't too bad…' Leonel grinned.

This information was what he lacked the most, it was also one of the reasons he didn't dare to make large moves in the Milky Way. Well, that and the fact his foundation was sorely lacking. He hadn't even convinced the Oryx to be on his side yet.

But now, things were different. For the first time, Leonel was actually thankful that someone had tried to kill him.

Leonel began to pour over the information instantly, his Internal Sight working at a near unconscious speed. Compared to what he was going to do at his destination, every bit of this information was far more important. Even if it took a month to go over it all, he would still have to do it.

Though, Leonel was confident he didn't need so long. Judging by his pace, he would need three days at most to go over information it took the Radix centuries to gather. And, that was only because the Radix stored their information in a language Leonel wasn't used to.

Leonel blazed through the information one after another. He was immediately intrigued to find that the waters in the Milky Way were much deeper than he thought and the center of the storm was most definitely the Milky Way Guild and its Seated Council.

According to this information, the Radix and the others had been slowly infiltrating the Milky Way Guild for decades already, slowly pushing their pawns into positions of power on the Guild's governmental body.

'Just one wife… A seemingly ordinary lady… Only two 'legitimate' children and one of them is Heira…'

Leonel's gaze narrowed. This Guild Head Ovilteen was definitely a difficult character to read. And Heira was maybe even more intriguing.

How had Heira, the only legitimate daughter of the most powerful man in the Milky Way, end up the fiancée of a man from a Fourth Dimensional world? The answer was obvious: Earth. From the very beginning, that had been the target.

But it seemed that Augustus had nothing to do with Heira's actions, so did that mean that father and daughter were working separately toward the same goal? A way to throw off the scent of those who were gnawing at their family wealth? Or was it that father and daughter had the same goal, but were rather competing against one another?

Right then, a violent spark of lightning tore a path through Leonel's Dreamscape.

'Heira Ovilteen.'

'Age: 4x'

'Ability Index: Soul Manipulation.'

Leonel's gaze sharpened, his aura fluctuating wildly.

"She's alive."