Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1052 Themselves

Leonel sat in silence for a long while before he relaxed slowly.

'Well played.'

A small smile crept up on Leonel's lips. Truthfully, he wasn't sure exactly how valuable this piece of information was just yet, but he knew that it at least held a small bit of weight to it. At the very least, it was better than going around without realizing that there was likely a guillotine hanging over his neck.

'There's a… 78% chance that the woman directing Elthor and the others is her. It seems unlikely that there'd be anyone else with the resources and the forethought…'

As Leonel continued to read about the powers of the Milky Way and cross referenced them with the information Elthor had told him about this mysterious woman, the percentage ticked upward until it sat nearly at 100% by the end of the Radix family's reading material.

Leonel stopped reading for a moment and he almost laughed. There was a saying on Earth said the world was small, but could you really say the same thing about an entire galaxy?

The Oryx had become one of Heira's most important trump cards but those hired guns were actually Leonel's own men. Even if right now it wasn't certain that they'd follow him, Leonel only needed to make a single sacrifice to ensure that this 50/50 chance would become a 100% chance of ruining Heira's plot. It was simple as resurrecting Elthor's father.

Although Leonel couldn't guarantee that the Oryx King would follow him, what he could guarantee was that he'd be able to take over the Oryx from Heira's hand. In addition, Leonel had already seen that man's character and his willingness to sacrifice, there was no way he would refuse to do Leonel, the man who gave both him and his son another chance at life, a favor.

Leonel delicately formed Dreamscape after Dreamscape, building a complex web of interconnected information by the time the third day came to an end. When he was finished, he was certain that he knew more about the situation in the surrounding nine or so galaxies than any individual in the Radix family did. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

'I see, so things are like this.'

Leonel finally felt that he had gained a small grasp of the Dimensional Verse.

The section of the Universe he was in right now was dominated by humans. The Radix didn't know much about the strongest families, but they knew enough to understand that the most powerful existences here were of the Seventh Dimension, which made sense since information about the Eighth was practically folk tale, if it existed at all.

The 'section' was known as Domain and was known by races outside of it as the Human Domain or Humanity's Domain. Though there were other races sprinkled about this Domain, like the Oryx or the Demons of Avalon, for example, over 99% of the population was human.

This made Leonel wonder what other Domains might exist, but the Radix family's scope was far too small to have this information as it seemed that Domains usually kept to themselves.

A Domain was broken into Sectors, Sectors were broken into Galaxies, and Galaxies were broken into Quadrants which further fell into Solar Systems and ultimately planets. Folds of Reality were outside these common groupings because they tended to vary wildly in size. As for a Sector, it could encompass anywhere from 10 to 20 Galaxies, sometimes more depending on several factors.

This Sector, denoted by a string of numbers and letters by the Radix, was ruled by three powerful existences. Though, 'ruled' wasn't an appropriate term. It was more accurate to say that these three could move unopposed, but they didn't usually have a reason to pick on weaker powers.

Surprisingly… One of these three powerful existences was exactly the Luxnix family. As powerful as Leonel's Morales family background was, in this Sector of the universe, it would ironically be more beneficial to him to identify as a Luxnix than a Morales. The Dimensional Verse was simply too large to expect weaker powers to immediately recognize the hallmark of extraordinary Lineage Factors. It wasn't even certain if many would understand the Snowy Star Owl when they saw it.

'I'm finally not too ignorant about how these things work anymore… only took… almost five years.'

Leonel laughed to himself and shook his head.

Still, what was maybe the most fascinating about all of this wasn't the Dimensional Verse's structure, it wasn't the information on the Umbra or the Rain, and it wasn't even the fact that Heira was most likely still alive.

No, the most fascinating was the history between the Florer family and Radix family, not to mention the reason the Radix and Midas family seemed to be such a solid alliance.

According to their history, this all began over a Zone. Not just any normal Zone, but a Variant Zone. In fact, that alone wasn't enough to paint the picture. Because the truly shocking realization was that it was a Variant Zone not for one of the three families… But rather a Variant Zone apparently related to the Silver Empire!

If Aina had been there to see Leonel connect such dots, she would have been shocked as well. The Silver Empire? Wasn't that the fallen Empire whose Zone Aina had entered just a few months ago? In fact, it was because of that Zone in specific that Aina caught the eye of Rychard's subordinate.

Of course, Leonel had no idea about this, he only found the root cause of this turmoil to be fascinating. This could be considered to be a top secret of the Radix family. There was no doubt if more powerful existences knew that the Variant Zone of the Silver Empire fell into the hands of three comparatively fodder families rather than the former ruler of this and multiple other Sectors… It was impossible to tell how they would react.

However, maybe the greatest irony of it all was that this was the fault of no one else but the Silver Empire themselves.