Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1056 Oryx King

The first thing that hit Leonel was the stench. It billowed into his nose and made his mind go blank. It was the kind of smell that could make a person pass out completely. But, luckily, Leonel was ready for this and didn't back down.

The Oryx King's shadow slowly rose until he eventually towered over Leonel. When his gaze opened, an undisguised majesty swept forth, crashing against Leonel in waves. It was as though they were two polarized magnets set to the same path, repelling one another violently.

If Leonel had been ready for the first wave to hit him, he had most definitely not been prepared for this second. However, even while being caught unprepared, Leonel's feet remained rooted to the ground. He felt something subconscious within him that made him feel like a step back now would mean a permanent step back for life.

The Oryx King seemed to feel the same thing as he too didn't take a step back. Compared to his son, his reaction was much less confused, maybe due to the fact that he immediately entered a state of fight or flight because of Leonel's appearance.

'A human…? No, this boy…'

Right then, the Oryx King seemed to remember everything up until the very moment of his death.

The pours of the Oryx King closed, causing the pervading stench to recede and disperse in the air. He was used to dealing with humans so he was aware that his own smell was a bit much for them to handle. If he disliked the human, he wouldn't bother to show this empathy. But, clearly, he had a good impression of Leonel.

His head tilted down, his gaze landing on the Silver Tablet. A touch of a complicated emotion colored his irises at that moment, a sigh leaving him.

"So it really was this thing."

Leonel's gaze narrowed. He suddenly remembered that during his time in the Valiant Zone, Elthor had come to him to convince him to stop attacking the Human Kingdom or else they Oryx would be forced to pincer him from the back.

Back then, Leonel had realized that the Oryx Kingdom obviously feared the Humans for some hidden reason, and it wasn't until after he learned of the Silver Tablet's existence that he understood exactly why.

"You knew about the existence of this thing? What else do you know about it?" Leonel asked.

The Oryx King's gaze turned dim for a moment as though he was trying to recall exactly how he knew about the Silver Tablet. But, he realized that there were suddenly holes in his memories, almost as if he hadn't experienced these things personally but rather that someone had told him he experienced it.

Leonel had expected something like this. After all, in a Variant Zone, the location was the future, but it wasn't a future that was set in stone. Rather, it was a glimpse into the future that allowed those of the path a chance to grasp an opportunity.

So, the question was, if you entered a Variant Zone and are 'transported' into the future, would the people you meet there have experienced time equivalent to the amount you had traveled for? It seemed like from the Oryx King's reaction that the answer was no.

Maybe the people in the Zone had been in limbo and had their memories given to them…

This was a thought Leonel had had for a long time but he found it difficult to accept. Wasn't this a person right in front of him, living and breathing just like he was? How could their existence feel so… flimsy at the same time, then? How could life be so casually created?

Entry into the Valiant Zone wasn't the first time Leonel had had such a thought. In fact, it all started with the Camelot Zone and how they too entered reality. It was all too… too difficult to accept.

For someone who liked to understand exactly how everything worked, it was too much for Leonel to handle so, like most things he couldn't handle, he ignored it. Right now, he couldn't afford to have an existential crisis.

The Oryx King shook his head again.

"All I know about this Tablet is that it is a taboo. A great taboo. It shouldn't exist and I would advise that you use it as sparingly as possible."

Though the Oryx King said this, he felt that it would be better if Leonel didn't use it at all. However, he knew that with such temptation before him, it would be impossible to have him agree with this.

Leonel remained silent for a long while before he sighed. It was impossible for him to not use this Tablet. It was too important to his future thoughts and plans. He couldn't be a passive observer anymore.

"Oryx King, I need your help…"

Leonel explained things as clearly as possible, not leaving out any details.

"… So you need me to take control of the Oryx, but haven't you forgotten something very important? I am only of the Quasi Fifth Dimension. In fact, from what it seems like here, even you are more powerful than I am now. Ruling without sufficient strength isn't ruling at all, it is being a figurehead."

The Oryx King gazed toward Leonel deeply. It was clear that he believed that this was exactly what Leonel wanted him to be.

"I will help you enter the Fifth Dimension." Leonel said. "In addition, you are an Oryx who has completed your Hyper Evolution so your talent is greater than theirs. This breakthrough will make you far stronger than anyone they have currently.

"Also, I hope that you and Elthor will choose to follow me, but I'm aware that it isn't something I can strongarm you into doing. Instead, I hope that in exchange for this favor, that you will help me until this war ends. After that, you can make a decision."

"Follow you, hm?"

The Oryx King looked toward the tablet blankly.

Within he Human Domain, species like his were at a disadvantage. It was impossible to grow without the backing of a human but it was also impossible, normally, to find a human that wouldn't treat them like cattle to be reared and used.

As for the kind of person Leonel was, the Oryx King didn't know. He had a good impression, but a good impression wasn't enough for a King to make a decision. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

At the same time, though, he was also keenly aware that whether the rest of the Oryx Kingdom was resurrected or not lay in Leonel's palms. Why would Leonel continue to spend resources resurrecting people who had no intention of following him? Even if he had a kind heart, he would probably go through all of the humans first and who knew how long it would take to get to them?

"Alright. I will help you with this war. As for what happens afterward, time will tell."

The Oryx King slammed a fist into his chest, causing his ribcage to reverberate like a drum.

...

Hours later, Leonel was streaking through the skies ones more, this time headed back toward EarthX1 at full tilt.

Since those families wanted to play, he would play. By the end of today, he'd clear EarthX1 of all foreign existences.