Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1057 Enough

Leonel slowly walked through a thick forest, his bare feet sinking into the nutrient rich soil and making him feel as though he had truly become one with the earth around. Something about the wonderful smells and fragrances in the air made him feel particularly at peace as though nothing in this worlds could stop him.

"HALT!"

The sudden voice was like a clap that should have stunned Leonel out of his odd state. And yet, Leonel himself didn't seem to notice it at all.

His chest rose and fell with a steady cadence, his eyes half closed and his blood gliding through his veins with a silent smoothness.

In that moment, an arrow shot for Leonel. The voice that had spoken earlier was one of the many scouting units on the periphery of this base. Normally, this individual would have shot first and asked questions later, but the appearance of a boy wearing sweatpants in the middle of the forest caught him completely off guard. No matter how he looked at it, Leonel didn't seem like an enemy.

Realizing this mistake, though, the scout no longer hesitated. This reaction was far too weird. Even if Leonel was a 'normal boy', they had most definitely not sent any 'normal' people here to attack Earth, so it was clear and obvious that no matter what, he wasn't one of theirs. In that case, he would attack first.

But the result was completely out of his expectations.

Leonel, who had been leisurely walking at a pace that hadn't deviated for even a moment came to a sudden stop. If things continued like this, the arrow would miss him entirely.

The scout was taken off guard. But, he quickly recovered. He realized that his intuition was correct, Leonel couldn't possibly be a normal individual.

A deep sneer took hold of his features as his finger curled upward. There was a reason he was chosen to be a scout. Not only was his Internal Sight powerful, but his ability was quite helpful for his marksmanship.

The arrow suddenly curled upward. It couldn't change path enough to pierce Leonel's chest, but it could definitely tear a hole through his kneecap. By that point, the end of the battle would already be in sight.

The scout expected to see Leonel's calm expression finally break and for there to at least be some panic or sudden movement in those final moments. But, reality was completely outside of his expectations. Not only did Leonel show no fear… He didn't move a single inch.

CLANG!

The arrow tore through Leonel's sweatpants and seemed to have pierced him. But, not even a split second later the sound of metal clanging against metal resounded through the forest.

Leonel took a step forward, his body flickering with dense Bronze Runes. The sun hanging high in the sky, partially masked by a few white clouds, sent beams through the dense foliage that rebounded and reflected off of his skin.

A slight wind whipped by, pressing Leonel's already tight compression shirt even more firmly onto his body. The outline of his torso made it obvious that his already toned stature had became even more so, even the line of his muscle fibers being clear beneath the fabric.

Leonel fingers lightly reached out for the air, causing the arrow which was now flipping through the air to suddenly come to a stop, pointing directly toward the scout in the distance. The metallic tip trembled as the scout tried to retake control of his own arrow, but he immediately realized that it was futile.

The scent of death loomed over him, his heart quaking beside himself.

"ENEMY ATT—!"

PCHU!Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

The scout never saw how the arrow closed the distance. His voice came to an abrupt stop, the gurgling of his blood filling the once silent forest.

Things fell into a peaceful quiet once more, but this only lasted for but a moment before the blaring signs of horns raged through the trees. The sound was so loud that the leaves rustled and were stripped from their branches while birds and beasts alike scattered, running for their lives.

Leonel didn't seem to notice the noise at all, his finger beckoning forth once again.

The arrow that had just pierced the scout's head suddenly whizzed back toward Leonel, changing direction abruptly and shooting off into the distance. Once after another, cries muffled by the blaring sounds of horns resounded. And yet to Leonel, each might as well have been right by his ears.

Right this moment, all around EarthX1, battles had erupted. Despite having taken control of the two most strategic points on the planet, Leonel didn't choose to stay back on the defensive. Instead, he chose to raise an all out assault, one that would sweep through the planet completely.

Arthur had been charged with wiping out the Umbra. With his Light Elemental affinity and the Camelot troops to his back, he was the best suited to dealing with them quickly and efficiently.

Mordred was tasked with taking out the Rain family. Her area of control magic was the best among the Earthlings Leonel knew and had a chance to counter the Rain. At the same time, the strong bodies of the demons who followed her were perfect to deal with the advantages of them as well.

Leonel's brothers were tasked with clearing EarthX1 of all Florer family members. These were maybe the strongest experts on this planet and they were individuals that deserved the attention of as many upper class talents as possible. Leonel had full faith that his brothers would be able to send them away with their tail between their legs.

This only left the remnant of the Crars. This task was left up to Lancelot and what remained of the knights and mages of Camelot. This group would have, by far, the largest numbers and would be perfectly equipped to counter the large number of Crars.

By now, it was obvious that this still left one more group. In fact, it was a group of two families, the Radix and the Midas.

As for that, wasn't that why Leonel was here? One with metal affinity. The other with fire affinity…

For such an enemy, Leonel Morales alone was enough.

[Second chapter coming]