Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1059 Four Seasons

'34 seconds.'

Leonel's steps didn't pause nor did they slow. Beneath his Spatial Domain, the enemies he came across didn't stand a single chance. With many of the numbers that made up the Radix and Midas being lower Fifth Dimensional existences, all it took to cut them down was a single swing of his spear.

Leonel reached the bottom of the steps. His foot kicked outward, a warp in space following his actions. His control had gotten so smooth that whether it was stacking space or splitting it, it could be done as easy as breathing. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

BANG!

The heavy metal door, weighing at least a ton, went flying from its hinges, the center where Leonel's foot contacted crumpling up like aluminum foil.

A line of warriors on the opposite end found themselves in a splatter of their own blood, their vision going black and their lives fading before they even registered what had happened.

The moment Leonel stepped out, a rain of projectiles shot for him. But, his expression didn't so much as flicker beneath his visor. In the blink of an eye, the space around Leonel stacked and folded upon each other.

One after another, the projectiles flew by his arms, legs and head, drilling holes into the metal frame to his back. At just a single glance, it looked like the marksmen had tried to lance a fish through the water, but the image distorted, causing them to miss completely.

Clearly, Leonel had expected exactly this much and took another step forward.

The opening beneath the stairs to the ramparts was an open space to yet another gate further ahead. If Leonel wanted to shut down the large scale Force Art before it activated, he would have to cross through this second gate. However, the space had distorted too greatly for him to trust leaping toward that location already. In addition, Leonel could tell that there were several hidden Force Arts baked into the thick metal walls that would make his attempt impossible.

Leonel's spear spun, its body separating into three pieces connected by chains. With deft control, Leonel manipulated the length of these chains.

It felt as though the entire field was filled with Leonel's Spear Force. Every time it cut across the air, a light of white was left like a cyclone of blades and wind. With every spin, another head flew into the air. The cold calculating light in Leonel's gaze becoming the arbiter of the reaper.

CLINK!

Leonel's spear snapped close, the light sounds of his footsteps reverberating through the blaring sounds of warning as he stepped toward the second gate.

His body flashed, his singular stride crossing dozens of meters as he reached a hand toward the metal doors that appeared much more like the gate to a vault than a fortress. As though it was a cue, it was only after he did so that the headless corpses of the warriors that had come to stop him slowly fell to the ground from their feet, the dull plopping noises playing like a horrific symphony.

Leonel closed his eyes. The effort it would take to slice this vault door apart was too much and he had to be mindful of his stamina. However, brute force wasn't the only thing he had available to him.

It took just a moment for Leonel's gaze to snap open.

'Little Tolly.'

Leonel hardly needed to think a thing. The tacit understanding between himself and his Metal Spirit had reached an unconscious level. No matter how majestic these doors seemed… What were they in the face of Tolliver? ​

BANG!

The vault doors broke beneath a single punch, fissuring at odd angles and collapsing before Leonel one step at a time.

The warriors on the other side could only watch on in horror as metal doors dozens of meters crumbled. Many of them had their Radix armors on, ready for battle, while another half had blazing tornados of fire around themselves. They had all been prepared to whittle Leonel down and in the case he made it so far, take him down. But, the ultimate result was completely out of their expectations. It hadn't even been ten seconds since the warning blares begun, but he was already here.

The glistening light of Leonel's silver armor sparkled beneath the falling shards of metal. Even amidst all the destruction, he remained the center of attention.

As the last of the vault doors collapsed, Leonel took another step forward, the might of his Spatial Domain suddenly becoming exceedingly heavy. If they had experienced a light pressure before, they were now feeling the full brunt even to the point they found it difficult even to lift up their arms.

'Four Seasons Realm.'

A violent pillar of Universal Force shot down from the skies, crashing down to Leonel in waves. It spun about, fusing with Leonel's King's Might and causing the warriors before him to tremble in fear.

'Summer. Radiant Core.'

A delicate orb of silver-red appeared above Leonel. The oppressive heat shrouded the large opening, causing even the metallic walls to begin to slowly melt.

'Fall. A Slow Death.'

In the surroundings, gently falling Fall leaves formed, dancing about in the wind. They seemed to be formed of delicately sculpted flames, and yet they looked so real and tangible at the same time. Some were a pale gold color, others were a deep red, and the remainder were pale silver.

'Winter. Withering Snowfall.'

The skies darkened as ash began to fall from the clouds above. Upon closer inspection, this ash seemed to be snow… But it reverberated with the deep scent of death. The gray flakes filled all those who saw it with fear, making one believe that their very lives were withering right before them.

'Spring… Golden Drops.'

A dichotomy of grey and gold began to play. One was the slow falling clouds of ash, while the other was the much heavier droplets of golden rain. They pelted against the ground, balancing slow and fast, bright and dark… death and life.

It was the perfect Duality.

SHUU!

Leonel vanished.