Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1060 Alone..

The warriors immediately understood what they were seeing. There were a few of them who had mastered one or two facets of the Four Seasons Realm. But, a Complete Cycle was something rarely seen. It was enough to make them stunned for just a moment.

It had to be remembered that just because many people of Earth had grasped the full cycle, including Old Man Hutch, Arnold and Noah, to others, even in Sixth Dimensional worlds, they may very well go their entire lives without meeting even one such person.

However, that was all it was: rare. It wasn't enough for them to feel fear, or at least, it shouldn't be. The Four Seasons Realm was good for helping someone of the Fourth Dimension to cross the barrier and challenge those of the Fifth. But, after stepping into the Fifth Dimension, it should have become less useful than true Fifth Dimensional Force. So…

Why the hell was it that this Four Seasons Realm seemed to be so powerful!?

Before they could even get their answer, Leonel had appeared before the first Radix family member. He was a man of Tier 6 and an individual greatly confident in his strength. If not for this, he wouldn't dare to stand at the vanguard and hold his ground.

He reacted quickly to Leonel's arrival, swinging a chainsaw arm down toward Leonel. Though his confidence had waned somewhat, it wasn't enough to erase decades of training. There was simply no way that he would freeze up in such a critical situation.

Unfortunately…

Leonel's Radiant Core appeared before the swinging chainsaw. A strong repulsion force suddenly formed, powerful electromagnetic forces bombarding against the assault until it found itself completely unable to move forward. At the same time, the heat was so overwhelming that the warrior felt as though his own mech suit had become an oven, his components melting all around him.

He was stunned into silence.

'How… How could it be so hot…'

These were the last thoughts he had before Leonel's spear ran through the back of his head. Before he had even fallen, Leonel had shot away, a path of gold appearing beneath his feet.

Everywhere Leonel appeared, his Radiant Core would lead his vanguard. Its abilities seemed to practically be untouchable.

Its repulsion forces were exceedingly strong, the heat it gave off was even stronger, but its hidden danger was even more devastating than any of this. It wasn't just Fire Force, it seemed to carry the effects of radiation. When it wasn't touching you, its existence was oppressive enough. However, the moment it did touch you, it felt like you would crumble long before you even began to melt.

This was the power of Radiant Fire Force. It was as though Leonel had the power of a nuke at the beck and call of his blade. One could only imagine what would happen if he ever allowed it to explode…

The roars of the Midas family members billowed forth. The massacre of the Radix was so completely one sided that they realized it was impossible to stay idle any longer and many charged forth completely disregarding the consequences.

However, Leonel's movements didn't slow in the slightest. ​

Everywhere he appeared, he effectively cut off the charge of the Midas. It was clear that they hadn't been able to get into proper formation before Leonel appeared or else they wouldn't have been so helpless.

The Radix fell one after another, Leonel's clever footsteps using their half collapsed corpses like shields as he shot through the battlefield.

At that moment, a Tier 7 existence of the Midas furiously roared. It was clear that the Radix relied too much on their suits of armor to fight Leonel. The combination of Leonel's Fire affinity and Variant Earth affinity was too much for them to handle. If they wanted to even out this battle again, they would have to be far cruder. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Without regard for his comrades, the Midas warrior burst through, knocking several members of the Radix completely out of the way.

He made a straight line for Leonel, his body billowing with flames and sulfur. There was something decidedly murderous about his eyes and there was an explosiveness beneath his muscles that caused the layered space around Leonel to crack and crumble.

But it was exactly then that the most horrible sight the Midas and Radix had seen since this war began occurred.

A light breeze passed by, causing a gentle fall of ash to press against the cyclone of flames around the warrior's body. It seemed for a moment that he would just be able to shrug them off, but the reality was completely out of his expectation.

Just the delicate petals of ash seemed to suffocate the flames like a blanket. By the warrior's third step, his skin of fire had vanished, leaving him completely exposed and allowing his face of shock to be clear for the world to see.

However, before he could react to just what had happened, a droplet of gold fell onto his skin.

The warrior was shocked by the heaviness, but other than this, there wasn't anything special about it. His body was far too powerful to worry about such a small, meaningless attack. Even though it left holes in the metal, he was far sturdier than that.

But then a second fell… Then a third… Then a fourth.

Very quickly, it became obvious that the golden droplets weren't harming him, but were rather spreading along his skin. The man was slowly becoming a golden sculpture and his movements became more languid and labored.

His every step became heavy and his knees buckled beneath his weight. His jaw popped with veins as he stretch for Leonel, but it was all meaningless as the last droplet fell, covering his face completely.

At that moment, the fluttering Fall leaves fell upon the man's body. Soon, he became like a collage of tree leaves, covered by an assortment of pale colors.

Others rushed to try to save the man, but reality was cruel.

The moment a second Midas touched him, the man crumbled, his body falling into a pile of ash.

The beautiful Fall leaves fluttered away, painting a gorgeous scenery. No one could ever guess the horror hidden within them just from this image alone…