Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1061 Strongest Attack

The Radix and the Midas were shocked to the point of not knowing how to react. Wasn't Universal Cycle comprehension supposed to be supplementary? It could form all of these pretty pictures and sights, but ultimately they would just be that. The true lethality of it all should have been hidden within the fists, weapon or Element of the person using it.

However, completely out of their expectations, Leonel's Four Seasons Realm actually had attacking potential all of its own. The worst part was that Leonel had made them think that it was completely harmless by making it so that none of them were attacked previously, all so that he could completely catch them off guard when it was far too late.

The worst about this was that aside from some loss of focus, none of the strength of these abilities rested on Leonel's shoulder. Because they were manifested by Universal Force, Leonel's stamina was practically untouched.

With the strength of his mind, how could he not sustain the images and artistic conceptions of a Realm that even Fourth Dimensional existences were capable of using? And now that the cat was out of the bag…

He had no need to hold back any longer.

BANG!

It felt as though the skies had opened up. The snowfall of ash, the rain of gold, the fluttering of leaves, it all came together to paint a gorgeous but deathly picture.

In the center of it all, Leonel became like a reaper, the lantern of which was none other than his Radiant Core. Everywhere it went, it repelled attacks, burnt the ground to a crisp, and unleashed waves of violent radiation that made one's skin curdle and boil.

The results were absolutely horrific. The synergy between Leonel's Spatial Domain and his Four Seasons Realm turned the Radix-Midas Fortress into a Disaster World of its own. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Withering Snowfall made it almost impossible for anyone other than Leonel himself to gather and use Force. Golden Drops turned poor, unsuspecting, otherwise valiant warriors into gold statues that froze the horror on their faces. And, finally, A Slow Death whistled by their ears, crumbling what remained of them to ash and leaving absolutely nothing for them to be remembered by.

'Seven seconds…'

Leonel's body was like a fluttering wind, calculating every angle of the battlefield, every line of sight, and every powerful strike. It looked to an outside observer like he was battling hundreds of warriors all alone, but the cleverness of his steps made it so that only at most four at a time could even dream of aiming for him. At the same time, the various stacking effects of his area control skills made it almost impossible for these four to gain any sort of support.

Leonel's toes lightly tapped against the ground, the halo above his head vibrating slightly as he vanished.

When he reappeared again, he stood in an inconspicuous location, the winds around him growing violent to the point they could be scene with the naked eye.

Leonel rose his spear in the air, surges of Force brightening around him. Tangible Spear Force that somehow appeared to be both real and unreal manifested, tornadoing around Leonel like numerous blade arms.

Right at that moment, the reinforments surged into the loading region.

The truth about this location was that it was where the Radix and Midas brought in all their supplies. It was a region designed for heavy machinery to be moved around constantly as the Fort was reinforced and strengthened. It was clear that this place wasn't quite designed for battle, but it wasn't vulnerable to it either. Though enemies were never meant to make it past the second gate, that didn't mean they weren't ready for the worst case scenario.

This was exactly why the design of the Radix was so clever. In this sort of large region, littered with heavy machinery to the sides and with walls blanketed with thick silvery metals, one would never expect to find the core of this Forts formations here either.

The others had likely believed that Leonel would rush off to the core of the base, hurrying toward their decoy. They didn't believe that anyone could deduce the true location of the formation even with time, let alone in the less than minute it had been since Leonel entered this place.

Unfortunately… reality was cruel.

Dycon, who had just followed Dynmo in to watch as they forced Leonel toward a slow and agonizing death suddenly froze.

"STOP HIM!"

It was far too late for that.

BANG!

Leonel's Radiant Core crashed toward the thick metal ground first. It hovered between the metal and Leonel's spear, violent swirls of Spear Force suddenly beginning to spin around it faster and faster.

It seemed on the surface that the most powerful ability of Leonel's Radiant Core was its radiation. But, Leonel was of a vastly different opinion.

When one thought of a planet, what was its most powerful force?

Leonel didn't feel comfortable taking Little Tolly out in such a large scale battle. He had already almost gotten his partner hurt being too reckless back on Planet Solara and he had no intention of making the same mistake again. So, he would just have to show these people his most powerful attack in this state.

The Radiant Core took hold of Leonel's Force, bending it into a violent orbit.

It all happened in the blink of an eye. In one moment Leonel had pierced downward. In the next, a vortex of Force tore through the ground like a diamond drill bit, ripping the thick metal apart as though it was nothing more than thin sheets of paper.

Leonel had hardly dug a meter deep before the radiation of the Radiant Core took hold, vaporizing the Force Art hidden below and causing the accumulating Force to disperse.

With a light breath, Leonel retracted his spear, his back straight and a deep hole of black before him. The fortress quaked beneath his strike even as his silver armor glistened beneath the silver-red hues of his miniature star.