Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1062 Too...

For a moment, Leonel's slow and deliberate breaths became the only sound in the loading lobby. That attack just now was simply too shocking. They all felt that if they entered even the general vicinity of it, they would have been torn to shreds. At this point, they could only be happy that the Radiant Core was only the size of a palm. If it was any larger and retained the ability to send Force, especially sharp Level Two Force, into a wild spin like that… There was no telling the kind of devastation that Leonel could cause.

As for Dycon and the members of the Radix family, their level of shock was even beyond the Midas.

If it was the other regions of the Fort, they might still be able to accept it. However, beneath the thick metal flooring, there was a highly compressed Fifth Dimensional metal, processed via a special technique. The result was a metal alloy only marginally weaker than true Sixth Dimensional metals.

Though Dycon had roared out to stop Leonel, that was only meant to be a diversion tactic. He had, in fact, wanted Leonel to go all out. In the worst case for Leonel, he would end up killing himself. Even in the best case, his weapon should have been shattered and he should have suffered some terrible backlash. By then, the battle would be over. Of course, in the latter case, Dycon had no idea just how many Quasi Silver spears Leonel had in his possession.

However, the result was completely unlike anything Dycon had guessed and he couldn't wrap his head around why. Even though that attack was powerful, it shouldn't be Sixth Dimension powerful. Just what was going on?

'Earth affinity…?'Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Dycon was formulating a thought in his mind but, unfortunately for him, he wouldn't have the breathing room to finish it.

Leonel took one final breath, his wrist turning slightly. A whirring sound manifested as the Radiant Core moved about his spear tip. Every time it shifted, a heat wave would spread and the smell of danger would linger in the air.

"Good. Now I can end this." Leonel said slightly.

Dycon's facial expression twisted. The blatant disregard it took to send just a single person after another entire Fort was already infuriating enough, but Leonel's remarks were even more unbearable.

Before Dycon could do anything, though, Dynmo shot forward like a raging T-rex. The clanging chains around his wrists and ankles had still yet to be removed. In fact, his feet were followed by bounding steel balls the size of his head, leaving deep craters in the metal ground as he rushed forward.

In the blink of an eye, Dynmo had closed the distance and kicked out toward Leonel. The wind shattered and whistled beneath his might, the ball of steel following the arc of his kick. It was clear that he was completely enraged and recognized Leonel. While others were analyzing the situation, he didn't care to.

Leonel watched on indifferently, his hand slowly reaching out.

'[Valiant Seal].'

Four sturdy pillars of metal rose out from the ground. In fact, the root of these pillars were the very same near Sixth Dimensional metals Dycon had been so confident in. From the moment Leonel had drilled through it, he had already begun to take control. By the time Dynmo attacked, he had already been circulating the Force Art for Valiant Seal for several seconds already. And, by the time the attack landed…

BANG!

'I see…'

Leonel observed without a word as Dynmo's attack sent a few ripples through the sheet of dense Spatial Force. He seemed to have realized something at that moment.

This was, indeed, a Space-Earth Dual Elemental Force Art. Leonel had leaned in far too much on the Spatial Element as it was the most prominent feature of the technique, but the truth was that both Elements were equally important, only then could the Artistic Conception be the most powerful.

Until now, mostly due to circumstance, Leonel was always conjuring his [Valiant Seal] in the air and some times he wouldn't even use the Earth Element at all. It was only this moment when Leonel finally properly infused the pillars into the ground as they were meant to be used that he realized just how powerful this technique could truly be. In fact, even the stamina drain was far less.

Leonel hadn't cast [Valiant Seal] until just now despite how useful it was in large scale battles because he was worried about the fluctuations in space caused by the Fort's Force Art. But now he realized that his [Valiant Seal] was the perfect counter to it right from the very beginning.

Leonel took another light breath, his gaze freezing over once again. As he had already said… It was time to end this.

…

It was a complete, one sided massacre. The combination of Leonel's Valiant Seal and his Four Seasons Realm made his defenses near impenetrable while making his offense potent to an extreme.

Even when the Radix and Midas managed to coordinate their attacks well enough, it was all useless. Leonel was practically immune to Fire while the mech suits of the Radix were too easily crushed by him one after another. By the time the armies realized that the only chance they had against Leonel was to use their abilities rather than relying on their Lineage Factors, their numbers had dwindled too greatly. To make matters worse, because they were now using abilities their allies weren't used to, they hindered each other more than usual, ironically making it even easier for Leonel to pick them off one by one.

The only expert above Tier 7 they had was Dycon himself. However, he soon realized first hand how foolish it was to try to entrap Leonel in a metal box.

The entire fortress became Leonel's weapon. He remained hidden within his [Valiant Seal], indifferently watching as he pestered Dycon to death. When the latter was at the end of his rope and prepared to take things to an extreme, he found an arrow right between his brows.

'… Too… Powerful…'

These were the last words he could say before his head imploded into a rain of blood and gore.