Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1065 Snowy Star Order

The Three Pillar Galaxy had entered a state of simmering. It felt as though they were all being slow cooked in a large pot, their anxious emotions and feelings being squeezed out one step after another all to be infused into a flavor packed soup.

The odd turn of events had resulted in a situation where the volatile undercurrents of the orbiting three planets had been calmed considerably. From one moment, it seemed like two powerhouses would erupt into a state of war. But in the next, each was suddenly on their best behavior, none of them daring to do anything to enrage the guests.

…

At that moment, the Luxnix family was welcoming these very guests. All signs of battle and the several corpses that had littered the property previously had long since been cleared away.

Beneath the sunlight, the family estate radiated a pure beauty that was difficult to match. Even the grass by the roadsides radiated a subtle golden color as motes of light hovered about the air. Light Force was condensed and plucked by hidden formations in a perpetual cycle. Not only did it take concepts of Solar energy to an absolute extreme, it painted a gorgeous picture that was difficult for one to take their eyes off of.

The clean air smelt like one was standing by a pure stream, the neutral, but intoxicating scent sunk into the bones and made one feel like you were walking on clouds. Every single little detail was refined to an extreme and perfectly curated for the guests.

The Gates of the Luxnix were opened wide and several elders stood as one. Each wore white robes that seemed to have been interlaced with silver strands of silk fabric. The combination made it so that depending on the angle the sun touched down, they would either sparkle and shimmer, or radiate a gentle light.

No matter where you looked, the elders either had snow white or beautiful, bright gold hair. There was simply no in between and not a single one of them didn't exude an aura that could be summed up in just a single word: Pristine.

At the helm of these elders, the current Head of the Luxnix stood.

He was a middle-aged man with a charming smile and sharp brows. He was tall, but his figure was slim. He had a sharp jaw and nose, but gentle golden eyes. On his lapel, the mark of the Twelve Pointed Star rested. It was a subtle piece of jewellery that touched the aspects of the wealthy the nouveau riche couldn't hope to match.

This man was known as Seith Luxnix, a talent who had garnered great respect during his generation and a man whose genius still shone forth to this day. Despite his relatively young age, he had already stepped into Tier 7 of the Sixth Dimension.

The higher ones Dimension, the more exaggerated these small steps would become. It wasn't an exaggeration to say that the gap between Tier 6 and Tier 7, a large watershed between the Middle and Higher rankings of the Sixth Dimension, felt like a Dimensional Divide all to its own.

Still, though Seith stood at the helm this day, he was nothing more than a figurehead. Standing by the gate in an inconspicuous manner, a group of five older individuals with hair of pristine white stood. In fact, their presence was hard to detect and it was almost easy to forget their existence the moment you looked away, but they were most definitely there.

These were individuals of the highest authority within the Luxnix family, a council that Seith would retire to when his time came. They were known as the Snowy Star Order.

It might seem odd that these older individuals would stand to Seith's back in such a situation as it might feel customary that the old would take the forward charge. But, the truth of the matter was that this was the Luxnix's family's way of saving face.

This wasn't the first time they had gone through such a thing. In fact, it was only a few decades ago that these individuals had come to their Sector for the very same purpose.

The truth was that the individuals coming today could only be considered the younger generation of said organization. It was inappropriate for them as elders to be the forefront of the greeting, but they also wanted to ensure that nothing went wrong either.

Considering what had happened last time, they refused to allow trouble to rear its ugly head again. This time, they would keep a tight rein on everything even if they had to lurk in the corner.

Right then, space trembled. It was just a slight fluctuation, but it was already enough for the elders to sharpen their gazes. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"They're here."

The one who spoke was an older man with a rounded back. His stature seemed quite off because despite the shape of his back, his neck seemed to be quite straight itself. It made it look like there was something hidden beneath his robes rather than his posture actually being so poor.

He was known as the Winged Star Order. Upon entering the Snowy Star Order, elders were granted their title. It was a reminder that their own identities no longer mattered and their first and foremost duty was now to the family.

Despite the Winged Star Order hardly holding his voice back, it seemed that the only ones who actually heard him were the few by his side.

On cue, the space cracked and began to spin. A whirling portal of black and deep violets appeared. If a true Spatial Master had been present, they would have watched on in awe. Though it seemed simple enough, this was a true feat of long distance teleportation.

"I wonder who they will send this time…"

The woman who spoke was known as the Sparking Star Order and had a red, flickering flame on her forehead as though to remind others of this.

Despite the innocence of her question, the atmosphere between the Snowy Star Order elders grew heavy immediately…. It was clear that the answer to this question was of the utmost importance. Maybe the answer would be the most important thing to happen to the Luxnix since the last time this organization appeared.

[More chapters coming. I'm late so I thought I'd at least upload them as I finish them so that you guys have something to read]