Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1067 Parameters

Nominal student. Quadrant Ranked. Galaxy Ranked. Sector Ranked. Domain Ranked.

These were the five ranks of disciples for this so-called mysterious organization. It seemed then, that maybe Sparking Star Order's fury might be warranted. But, in practice, it was a ridiculous inflation of her family's worth.

To put the idea of a sending over a Domain Ranked disciple into its proper ridiculous frame, one had to understand that there was likely not a single Domain Ranked disciple that wasn't well on their way to the peak of the Seventh Dimension.

Why would this organization spend the resources that would be necessary to send someone down the Dimensional chain for a single Sixth Dimensional family that had currently only produced a single Sector Ranked disciple?

The main issue here was that the Luxnix family were too lower on the totem pole. They knew enough to be aware of these rankings, but they didn't know enough to truly understand what they represented. It was rare enough for a family like theirs to gain a Nominal student position. In fact, in their history, they had never produced even a single Quadrant Ranked student before she came along.

Due to lacking a proper understanding of the overall picture and what their true worth was, let alone Sparking Star Order, even the other three Order elders were a bit disappointed by the outcome. They thought that now that they had proven that the could produce worthy disciples, that they would gain the respect that came with that.

Unfortunately, expectation was the root of disappointment.

…

The four elders watched as Fluttering Star Order walked away, each displaying different emotions. Some had a complicated look while those like Sparking Star Order watched on coldly. This latter group included Winged Star Order who had watched on from the very beginning as the two fought.

"She should have been kicked from the Star Order along with the other one years ago." Sparking Star Order said coolly. "This kind of dissent can't be allowed. There is nothing more important than the face of the family. Anyone that puts anything above our best interests has no right to sit on this council."

The other Order elders remained silent, some had expressions that agreed, but others remained on the fence. In the end, one finally spoke up, an older man by the title of Resting Star Order.

"This isn't the time for this. We can consider such a motion after our youths have been selected. If that woman chooses to make a commotion now, it will mean trouble for us all. Let this matter rest."

Sparking Star Order didn't say anything to this. She simply raised her cane and tapped, a flurry of butterfly shaped flames swarming around her feet. By the time they vanished, she too had vanished. In fact, so had the elders as well… FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

…

In the Viola estate, a similar situation was occurring. Well, similar in that they were likewise greeting guests, but their level of entitlement was several levels beneath that of the Luxnix as they had never produced a disciple above the Nominal Rank. In fact, they would be very much ecstatic if they could produce another one. They didn't even care to check what the rank of the disciples that had come were, it wasn't even at the forefront of their minds.

The Viola family wined and dined their two guests, giving them the living of Kings.

Though these two young men had come from families far stronger than the Viola family, the truth was that training in that organization year in and year out was a living hell. The fact that they could come here to relax was a true blessing, so they took great advantage.

As the day waned and the banquet began to taper down, the Viola finally couldn't hold it in anymore and asked the questions that had been burning in their gut for so long. However, the response they got was completely out of their expectations.

A large youth with a belly to match his stature scratched his head awkwardly and let alone a laugh.

"I won't lie to you all, we truly do not know the parameters of this cycle's competition. In fact, our overseer didn't really give us a timeline either. We're as blind as you all are about all of this."

The large young man looked toward his partner. They knew well how this looked. These families would probably think that they were milking them for greater benefits. But the truth was that they really were in the dark. They didn't know much of anything.

"What we can tell you is that this year will likely be different from the last. There will be more opportunities and the restrictions will be laxed. Though it will be just as difficult to gain a disciple position, we will be allowing more people the chance to try. So long as you have the ability, you can come forward."

The large young man spoke candidly, but his partner really wanted to smack him in the back of the head right now.

All these families would hear from those words were: "Yes, we're going to accept all your great service, but it won't really matter how well you treat us because everyone will get a chance anyway."

This naïve bloke thought he was being nice by offering this information, but the reality was that this was probably the last thing the Viola family wanted to here.

As expected, though Rychard's face remained plastered with an amiable smile, inwardly he was seething. This wasn't actually because of the waste of resources, after all it might still help in a close decision. Rather, he wanted to use this opportunity to manipulate Aina. Not just anyone could get a spot to participate in the past. In fact, even their family would usually only get a handful of spots.

Simply put, Aina wouldn't even be able to try out without him.

'Wait, this is something only those here are aware of, and this is clearly insider information. Why would I have to tell her this at all?'

Rychard's smile became more relaxed and genuine. That was right, everything was still within the palm of his hand. Once he clinched this Nominal disciple spot, there would be no one capable of stopping him from becoming the true Heir. And as for Aina, just because she got a spot to participate, that didn't mean she had to succeed, right...?