Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1071 Raised Blade

Leonel took a light breath, his body relaxing and his heartbeat becoming smoother.

Beneath the gaze of the warriors of Earth and the Heads of the Invaders, he walked forward with a slow and deliberate pace. A crackling of Force silently built around him as a spear appeared in his palm. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Even beneath this artificial atmosphere, it was difficult for sound to travel very far. It made the heaviness of Leonel's steps feel just that much more substantial as his King's Might spread outward, an aura of undeniable superiority bearing down upon the junior starship.

In the face of five Sixth Dimensional experts, Leonel didn't flinch, he didn't wait for them to come to him, he didn't even show an ounce of hesitancy. These were his lands, his people… Unless they could get past his blade, they could forget about stepping foot on Earth.

The blood of those around Leonel boiled. He didn't give an impassioned speech, he didn't goad at their insecurities or pry into their dreams… Instead, he took the simplest and most direct form of action.

Leonel had always believed in this truth. A King should be at the very front.

When you felt weak, look toward his back. When you felt that the mountain ahead was too tall and the task was too difficult, look toward his back. When you were on your last legs, your lungs on fire, your limbs unresponsive, your energy drained to its final drop…

Look toward his back.

"This weight on my shoulders is too light."

Amid the silence, Leonel's voice pierced through it all. It boomed amid the stars, seemingly causing them to twinkle in response.

In that moment, a cube appeared above Leonel's head as his foot rose and fell. Its jigsaw pieces were all attached by a dully glowing lighting, making it look quite enigmatic as it hung there in their silence, an ominous feeling being exuded from it.

When Leonel's foot touched upon the chains once again, he vanished, appearing in the air above the five Heads and falling down at an ever quickening pace. He streaked down like a falling meteor, his gaze hidden behind his flickering silver-black visor.

"[Star Fusion]."

BANG!

Leonel's body suddenly erupted with a vibrant blue light. It shot out from the gaps in his armor like jet fuel, his strength skyrocketing in the blink of an eye. The sudden oppression was so violent and heavy, not to mention bright, that Leonel seemed to have taken up center stage.

The Segmented Cube burst to life, its pieces fragmenting and spreading outward. A surge of pure energy swept out from within its depths, matching the very same radiant Vital Star Force that Leonel was making use of right this very moment.

BANG!

Leonel landed heavily on the helm of the junior star ship, its body waving about wildly beneath the control of the countless heavy chains. His armor continuously billowed with bluish-white vapor, his aura still steadily climbing even as the metal beneath his feet crumpled and shattered.

He rose up his dual sided spear, an arc of blue Force following its path. It seemed to draw a line through the air, its body vibrating wildly with excitement.

When the blade stopped, it pointed toward the five Heads, radiating a blinding light. Freewebnᴏvel.cᴏm.

A subtle silence fell over the battlefield once again before thousands of roars pierced into the dark veil above. The warriors of Earth responded with their own pride, their blood surging to unconscious degrees as their gazes glazed over and their hearts beat wildly. Each and every one of them suddenly gained a slightly violet hue to their Force, their strength rising by a half step.

The chains rattled and the platforms shook. One after another, the warriors began to charge.

The people of Camelot. The people of the Moon. The young noble men and women. The geniuses from lesser families. The army veterans.

All at once, they brandished their blades and weapons, appearing on the junior starship and lighting the final spark of battle.

Leonel's eight brothers grinned wildly, their Force rising like tides and their muscles bulging.

"The one with the least kills washes Raj's laundry for a year!" Gil roared.

"And what if Raj is last?" Milan laughed.

"Then he has to wear a thong for just as long!" Gil's body sparked with crimson lightning. In the blink of an eye, he vanished, not even giving the others time to protest.

Leonel stood before the five Heads, his Force still billowing wildly. Torrents of the bluish white vapor rose up and away, even making his blade seem like it was being steamed beneath a smoldering heat.

Even as the battle erupted, the five Heads didn't move. They looked toward Leonel with brows furrowed, seemingly not realizing that their starship had suddenly fallen into a battle they weren't ready for. With the people of Earth taking the initiative like this and their warriors not being organized, it could very quickly become a problem.

However, what was more shocking about all of this was that Leonel actually dared to face them. Not only did he dare to face them… But exactly what had just happened to their junior starship? On top of that, why was it suddenly so difficult for them to absorb Force? And what was this blue Force coming off of Leonel in waves?

It was clear that Leonel actually planned on stopping them all himself, but wasn't this too ridiculous? Was he an idiot? Or was there something else that they were missing?

Leonel didn't move a single inch, his blade still stretched forward in an act of blatant provocation. His breathing was steady and his back was straight. Nothing could make him waver at this moment.

"He's bluffing. What are you all still waiting for?! Kill him!"

The first one to act was Avarone. He didn't even wait for the others to react after he spoke. He struck forward with a palm instantaneously.

In that moment, it felt as though the world was collapsing. Even in the face of Leonel's earlier momentum, it was like an impossibly vast mountain, towering above, unblemished.

Beneath his visor, Leonel's gaze flickered.

"Shit."