Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1072 A Step Back

Leonel had indeed been stalling. He needed to take the initiative so that the morale of Earth could be as high as possible, that was why he had acted so recklessly. Thankfully, due to the chaos of the current battlefield, all of which was taking place on a singular ten kilometer long ship, it was harder for them to actually pay attention to what was going on in Leonel's battle. This was especially so since Leonel and the five Heads were still on the roof of the ship while many of the other battles had begun within the ship itself.

Leonel was trying not to move right now because this inaction would cost him the least amount of Vital Star Force. If he went all out, he could last in this state for three to five minutes max. If he added the supplementation of the Segmented Cube into the mix, he could last about half an hour.

The trouble was that the Segmented Cube's supply was limited. Right now, he was using what remained of the excess energy it absorbed, but it was only a tiny sliver. The only reason there seemed to be so much was because that tiny sliver was Seventh Dimensional and Leonel had converted it to Fifth Dimensional Vital Star Force.

But Avarone had actually been so impolite as to actually attack. That would make things troublesome.

Leonel quickly reacted. 'Duality.'

His spear swung forth, slicing the palm Force in half. But he was blasted backward to the edge of the ship, his armor fracturing before quickly mending itself beneath the large amounts of Star Force. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Avarone frowned. He had only casually thrown out a palm, but he hadn't expected Leonel to truly be capable of receiving it. In fact, Leonel didn't even seem to be particularly hurt.

'What is this weird feeling?'

Avarone felt an odd oppression around him, as though a formless energy had taken form and latched onto his skin like a thick humidity would. But, he couldn't truly touch or feel it, it was as intangible as it got.

'That's impossible. My attack was weakened but there shouldn't be any ability a Fifth Dimensional existence could possibly have that could weaken me?'

Avarone couldn't wrap his head around it. The gap between Dimensions wasn't a simple step. You were quite literally shedding your imperfections to become a greater being. This was why a powerful ability might be so in a lower Dimensional world, only to become useless in a Higher Dimensional one.

Many who were born in the Milky Way who had brought their abilities to the third or fourth level of their Ability Index, might not even be at the second level upon stepping into a higher world.

Knowing this, how could Avarone not be shocked? He had actually felt his attack weaken just then.

Leonel's head leaned from side to side, his neck cracking. He took a deep breath and waited for the rumbling of his inner organs to calm. Then, he began to pour his King's Might into his Duality Domain, its layers becoming sturdier and sturdier with each passing moment.

"Go kill the rest." Avarone said coldly. "I alone am enough to deal with him."

"Is that so?" Leonel's cold voice sounded.

In that moment, it felt like he was whispering into all of their ears, causing the Heads to remain rooted in place. Head Umbra especially narrowed his gaze, his feet spreading apart and his back arching as though he was prepared to pounce at any moment. An alert of danger sounded off in their minds.

"I promise you that the first of you to try to leave this battle we have here will die. Care to try it out?"

The five Heads stared at Leonel for a long time. There were a few that wanted to call his bluff, but seeing Silam's reaction, they weren't foolish enough to do so.

The Umbra family Head had the best instincts of them all. If he was reacting like this, they would truly be asking for death if they ignored it all. They could only looked toward the youth before them, their nerves standing on end.

"See? Isn't this better? If we all just stand here everything will be fine." Leonel said lightly.

BANG!

At that moment, a pillar of fire shot out from the hull of the junior starship. Several screams of agony followed it as what looked to be dozens of Florer family members were tossed into the depths of space. Well… Their ashes were tossed into the depths of space, anyway.

The gaze of Belize turned crimson when she saw this, her large belly rolling and the spider lily growing from her forehead writhing.

"Attack him as one. When he's dead, there won't be any threat left."

Leonel watched on coldly from within his visor. This was exactly what he needed. As long as they weren't attacking others, he could do what he needed to do.

Taking a steady and long breath, Leonel concentrated his Duality Domain, imprisoning the six of them.

Before him stood five Sixth Dimensional existences. In fact, they weren't normal Tier 1 Sixth Dimensional existences either, each of them was at least Tier 3 or 4. To any objective outside observer, Leonel was seeking death. In fact, even Leonel felt that he was a bit too crazy.

But in life, there were certain things you had no choice but to do.

"This weight on my shoulders is still too light."

Leonel exhaled, his Universal Force surging.

Ash colored snow began to fall from the skies even as five Radiant Cores appeared before him. Leonel chose to forgo A Slow Death and Golden Drops, focusing all his strength into Radiant Core and Withering Snowfall.

There was no path for a loss. Even if he died today, he had to win. He would win.

Leonel's ankle flexed downward, his calf springing to life and his thigh bulging.

When you couldn't afford to take a step backward, the true strength of a person would shine through.