Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1074 Angles

The whip was fast and swift. Despite having used the palm as a diversion tactic, the whip itself actually reached Leonel first, causing his pupils to constrict.

For one, this told him just how cautious Deloris was being and it marked a change in attitude amongst the five of them. Secondly, it revealed the true strength of these Sixth Dimensional monsters.

It was clear at a glance that Deloris was using nothing more than Level One Whip Force. However, the Sixth Dimensional Force backing it made Leonel's Level Two Spear Force look like nothing more than child's play.

However, this was a reality that Leonel had already long since become ready for.

'Duality.'

In that instant, Deloris' whip accelerated, its tip turning into pure Water Force. But, under her own astonished gaze, it shot over Leonel's head, missing him by several centimeters.

'What…?'

The flat of Leonel's blade shot upward, slapping Deloris' whip even further off course. It was a subtle tap that hardly slowed his forward momentum, but simply due to the fact that her momentum had already been heading in that direction, the change was exponential. By the time she realized Leonel had closed the distance, it was too late to pull her whip back.

However, Deloris didn't panic. Her whip had reached Leonel much faster, but that just meant that her palm energy was still a layer of protection for her. Though it was sent out quickly, it still carried at least 50% of her strength.

'Duality.'

Deloris' palm strike suddenly decreased to half its size, allowing Leonel to slide by it with deft steps. Blinding golden lights wrapped around Leonel's body, his speed stepping onto a completely new tier as he flashed through space once again.

His spear spun before snapping into place, the momentum carrying his blade toward Deloris' neck. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Deloris still had an arm up, connected to her whip. As for the other, it was still in the position of sending out a palm strike, but the energy from it had long since been dissipated.

Still, she was an expert among experts. How many battles had she already been through in her lifetime? To be outmaneuvered by a child several times in a row was already humiliating enough. She most definitely wouldn't allow him the satisfaction.

Her Force circulated, her eyes glowing with a gentle blue.

'Separation—'

'Duality.'

Leonel's blade suddenly accelerated, causing Deloris' eyes to widen. The skin on her neck bloomed with a touch of red. In that moment, she truly felt the scent of death, her body freezing over and the horror being painted clearly on her lovely features.

It was right then that her body collapsed into a pool of water, Leonel's blade cutting through the curtain of liquid blue but ultimately gaining nothing.

A moment later, Deloris reformed from a surge of water, her face pale and crimson dripping down her swanlike neck. Her blue dress still fluttered, but its collar was slowly being dyed red, her chest heaving as she was caught between shock, horror and rage.

Leonel stopped moving, suddenly finding himself encircled by five absolute experts. Avarone and SIlam had yet to move an inch. Siris had chopped off his hand at the wrist, and yet had already replaced it with a bronze fist he likely got from Avarone, resulting in his combat prowess practically being the same. Finally, there was Deloris was bleeding and Belize who was in the worst situation of the five by far.

The sight of Belize right now was truly horrid. Her entire back had been covered in Leonel's Molten metal. By now, she had already gone through several flower constructs, each of then burning to ash as they tried to deal with the situation.

Right this moment, if not for the massive carnivorous plant sucking at her back like a leash, she might have been dead already. In fact, her state was so bad that all of her clothing had already been burnt to a crisp. Only the vines of her leach flower were keeping up her modicum of modesty at this point.

Leonel took a deep breath, his body thrumming.

His Duality Domain allowed him to pick a character to shift the balance of. This character could be either speed or power, and how much Leonel wanted to shift it decided how easy or difficult it would be. The difficulty was also influenced by whether he was giving or taking away as well.

Obviously, when facing Sixth Dimensional existences, doing this was almost impossible. And even the small bit he could, he could only manage a few percentage points of a percent.

This was where Leonel's genius came into play. He didn't need to take away from them, why not give them more power? Not only would this cost almost nothing to him as he was taking away from himself, but it would also throw the timing of these experts completely off.

A few percentage points here and there with Leonel's calculative abilities was enough to change the tide of battle completely. It was just unfortunate that he didn't manage to kill even a single one of them before they noted that he could do this.

"I'm going to kill you!"

Both Belize and Deloris spoke at that same time, their fury and humiliation being practically palpable.

Leonel didn't respond, his gaze remaining as cold as ice. In the skies above, the fluttering ash continued to fall. Four Radiant Cores spun silently around Leonel.

"I see. You're using angles to your advantage." Silam spoke lightly, a twin pair of jet black daggers appearing in his hands as snaking black tails slowly rose out from his back. "But, I wonder what good accelerating my attack will do for you if my blade is completely straight?"

Leonel's pupils constricted. But, they hardly had time to do even that before the blade appeared right before him.

Leonel tried to dodge, but the blade pierced through his armor without suspense, splitting his collarbone in two and threatening to take his entire arm with it.