Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1075 NO!

The pain was like a shock through Leonel's system. It felt as though his entire arm had been dipped into a vat of lava. Even the smallest twitch sent signals that felt like arm thick strikes of lightning right to his mind.

Silam, who had casually thrown his dagger over as a test, was now rightfully assured and his words enlightened the others. So long as they were facing directly in front or directly behind the path Leonel was taking, it would simply be impossible for his Domain to be of any use.

Leonel coughed up a mouthful of blood, but there wasn't any time for leisure. The five Heads had already moved.

Leonel's steps shifted, his body falling out of the way of a swing of Silam's tail. The sound of whistling wind shot over his head even as Siris swung in his direction with his new bronzed fist.

Leonel rolled to the side, his palm latching onto the dagger stuck in his shoulder, having had no choice but to put his spear away to do so. His left arm couldn't move at all and his right hand pulled at the dagger, the searing pain racking his body.

Silam didn't say anything toward this, but his gaze twinkled.

In that moment, Leonel felt as though tendrils of darkness had drilled their way into his body, anchoring the dagger within him. They reached outward, drilling through his flesh and squirming toward his heart. The feeling was both the most disgusting and the most painful thing that Leonel had ever experienced in his life.

'His body…' Silam's irises flashed.

Using such a technique against a Fifth Dimensional existence should have meant an instant death. But, Silam had actually already used more strength than he would have to even against some Sixth Dimensional existences and yet he was still several seconds away from Leonel's heart.

The shock of this made Silam almost miss something that was even more baffling…

Where was the scream?

At that moment, Leonel's gaze had become frighteningly cold. A murky crimson crept through his irises, mixing with the original pale violet. He felt absolutely furious at this moment, but it only made him calmer and more detached.

Deloris' wrist flexed, her instincts catching hold of an opportunity. Her whip reacted in kind, tearing a path through the air and right for Leonel's other shoulder.

The golden spear on Leonel's forehead flashed, but he didn't move. Or rather, it seemed like he didn't have the time to move.

The whip's tip turned into pure Water Force once again, lashing against Leonel's right arm and shattering the sleeve of his armor into tiny little pieces. In the blink of an eye, all that was left behind was a beaten and bruised arm covered in Bronze Runes that had lost much of their light.

Siris rapidly approached. Long distance combat was most definitely not his forte. Seeing how easily Leonel dodged his earlier Fist Force and seeing his current state, he no longer held back, charging forward.

However, he quickly found four Radiant Cores blocking his path.

The pressure of what had happened earlier weighed on Siris' heart. He retreated explosively, but Leonel didn't dare to allow his Radiant Cores to travel too far from himself.

Rolling to the side to avoid another attack, Leonel flexed his beaten and bruised right arm. A surge of Vital Star Force returned, pouring into his pores from the Segmented Cube above and quickly healing his injuries.

His arm flipped over, revealing a javelin.

He quickly planted his leg, his torso torquing as he unleashed it with all his might. The streak of silver light appeared before Deloris in an instant, but she had long since been prepared.

With another plop, Deloris collapsed into a pool of water, appearing even further away than last time.

Right this moment, Silam's gaze had narrowed, gazing up at the Segmented Cube above Leonel's head. He hadn't missed the fact that Leonel had just healed himself using the energy coming from it. If not for the fact his dagger was slowly digging toward Leonel's heart, maybe that injury would have been dealt with already as well. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Leonel suddenly exploded forward. Taking advantage in the gap of the encirclement that Deloris' retreat caused, Leonel's body alternated between a mad sprint and several teleportations.

Beneath the influence of these five Sixth Dimensional existences, he didn't dare to teleport too far, but he was supremely confident in these short spurts and so long as he could just burst through…

It was then that Avarone, who had done little to nothing since the very start of this battle took action.

He pointed a singular finger toward a particular direction. The instant he did so, Leonel's expression changed and he came to a grinding halt.

A solid beam of bronze jetted outward, crashing into the metal flooring before Leonel and causing a massive upsurge of explosions.

Avarone drew a calm line down Leonel's exit path, the beam coming from his finger never breaking once.

It was clear that he had found yet another weakness to Leonel's Domain. What good was accelerating a continuous attack like this one? So long as it made it to Leonel's destination first, he would have no path toward escape.

Avarone took his time blocking Leonel's escape before his laser slowly began to push back, inching toward Leonel who was forced into quickly retreating again and again.

It was exactly then that Silam pounced. However, his goal wasn't Leonel, but was rather the Segmented Cube above his head. With a single whip of his tail, he crumpled the metal beneath himself and shot his body into the air, appearing near the Segmented Cube in the blink of an eye.

"No!"

Leonel shouted out for the first time since the battle began. But, before he could do anything, Deloris' whip lashed out once more, this time carrying even more power than it did before. As distracted as Leonel was now, he was completely finished.

But, Deloris had never expected for the flustered Leonel to suddenly turn back toward her as though nothing had happened. She could almost feel the coldness of his gaze beneath his visor, causing her to shiver uncontrollably.

'Duality.'