Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1077 Skit?

The battlefield came to a grinding halt. The pressure of a second junior starship weighed down on them all.

Leonel wasn't the only one who was having a tough battle. All around, blood and tears were being shed, flesh was being torn and bones were being shattered. They had all pushed so hard to reach this step, all for it to come crashing down on their heads like this.

Space crackled and twisted, familiar streaks of black lightning nearly warping reality as it pushed its way through, having every intention of crushing everything that lay in its path.

To the side, the battle between Siris and Belize raged on. However, the latter already hardly stood a chance. She was already on her last legs to begin with and had used up much of her Force in an effort to heal herself.

She did everything she could to try to get to Deloris' corpse, but it was all meaningless. Siris was far too familiar with the abilities of the Florer family. After centuries of battle, they finally had a chance to get a slight one up on the Florer. How could they not take it?

With a world to take root in and grab energy from, the strength the Florer were known for couldn't be displayed. To make matters worse, Belize had already used her Elite Spore in an attempt to heal herself. If she separated from it mid process, not only would she worsen her injuries, but she might even directly die soon after.

"Boy! Help me!"

Reaching out for a last line of hope, Belize looked toward Leonel. It was quite ironic, the boy that she had been looking down upon all this time might be her only chance at surviving.

"Don't be stubborn! There is no such thing as eternal enemies as long as the benefits are great enough! Even my Florer family chose to ally with these bastards for a time! Look at the bigger picture! If you remove these metals from by body, I can heal in just a few seconds! Alone I'm already powerful enough to fight these two. With you, we can crush them!"

Leonel didn't even gaze toward Belize. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Work with her? People like her were the absolute scum of the earth.

Leonel had read about how the Elite Spores were formed. He couldn't even imagine how many thousands of lives Belize had sacrificed just to cause hers to sprout. To make matters worse, to get it to grow to its current size would have taken tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, even.

Even without the earth to root in, with he Elite Spore, Belize was likely the most powerful warrior on this battlefield. That was why Leonel had taken her out first while all of them were still underestimating himself. Even now, he was tormenting her with the molten metal that was still stuck to her back. The fact she was alive at all was a testament to just how powerful she truly was.

"BOY!"

Belize almost lost her cool entirely, her rage reaching a palpable level.

The truth was that her death wouldn't change much. They might have been the Heads of their families, but there were still numerous elders and hidden experts they hadn't brought out for this battle. How could a mid-level Sixth Dimensional world possibly only have a single Sixth Dimensional expert?

The reason Avarone still insisted on killing her was because of her talent and the potential trouble she might bring in the future, in addition to the potential that she might be carrying something important about the Florer family's legacy.

At the same time, even if she wasn't a talent or wasn't carrying anything so important, her death would guarantee that the Radix and Midas families would be able to monopolize Earth for themselves without having to share.

Once these two families established themselves, even if the Florer, Umbra and Rain families came later, defending was far easier than launching an attack. By then, the power dynamic between the families would shift and in a few decades, the Radix and Midas would gain enough power to crush the Florer themselves and complete the legacy.

"Just… Think about it. This second junior starship has nothing to do with me. It's obvious that the Radix and Midas decided to send more experts. Without Sixth Dimensional experts, how will Earth defend itself? Don't think that just because you killed Deloris that you can do it yourself!

"The trick you used with Silam won't work twice and Deloris was by far the weakest of us all. In addition, now that they know how your ability works, they won't make the same mistake Silam did again and you won't have a chance to kill another one of us with a single strike!

"I can tell that your body is very powerful and this is likely the reason you've been able to fight and harm us, but I can also tell that you're relying heavily on that blue Force to boost your strength. How much more time will it buy you? Five minutes? Ten minutes?

"Even if it will last you an infinite amount of time, I can tell you that it won't matter. These two are still hiding their Ability Indexes because they don't want to expose themselves. In addition, they've yet to use the true prowess of Sixth Dimensional existences because this odd atmosphere is restricting it. But, once this second junior starship descends, this environment you've created will shatter and their strength will at least double!

"I won't ask for much in return! Just save me and allow me a piece of the spoils! I won't take any of Earth's territory! I wouldn't even have the numbers left to continue fighting you all after this, the warriors of the other families would not listen to me!"

Belize did everything she could to convince Leonel and all of her arguments were perfectly sound. In fact, though Avarone had said nothing from start to finish, he was ready to stop Leonel at any time, his gaze firmly locked onto the latter.

However, Leonel himself was still looking toward the ship that had finally broken through the final layer, his gaze somewhat vacant, though it was difficult to tell beneath his visor.

On the helm of this second junior starship, a man stood with a tall back and wide shoulders. Though Leonel had never personally laid eyes on him before, he almost instantly recognized this man as Guild Head Augustus Ovilteen.

However, a half step to the back of this man was a woman he was actually a bit surprised to see there. Not because she was alive, he had already guessed that. But it was rather that she was actually standing a half step behind her father. He had thought that the two of them were enemies with differing goals... But if they weren't, that meant...

Leonel's lip suddenly curled into a smile, his gaze shifting toward Avarone. He could hardly control his amusement, causing his cold exterior to collapse.

"What? Did you all prepare a comedy skit just for me? You really shouldn't have."

Avarone's gaze narrowed. What the hell did Leonel mean by that?