Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1079 Based On

It made sense that the Radix never saw this pattern. They had accumulated this data over several centuries and they never categorized them in terms of wins, losses and draws, they just documented what happened. For Leonel to draw that connection himself after flipping through them spoke for itself…

However, that didn't explain why any of this was important.

"I'm not entirely sure why you're so confused." Leonel said lightly. "The fact you don't think it's important that you're standing here, doing nothing, while your supposed partner and equal is fighting down to his last breath doing something you commanded him to do… You don't really understand how people work, hm?"

Avarone's pupils constricted.

"If you still don't get it, I can give you another stat, maybe that'll help things sink into place for you. Of those 10 706 battles fought, there were 17 092 members of your families that died. Of that number, 64% were from the Midas family.

"How about another stat? There were 27 893 participants of the battles total. That means that there were 10 801 survivors. Of the number of survivors, 72% of them were members of your Radix family."

Avarone's expression darkened with every word Leonel spoke.

"And now, once again, a member of the Radix family is watching a member of the Midas fight to the bloody end. But do you know what the difference is between this time and all those other times?"

Leonel smiled, and looked around. "You have spectators."

The battlefield had already fallen into a silence the moment the second junior starship appeared and it felt like the tides were shifting. However, because of all the commotion and noise the battle between Belize and Siris were making, not to mention the distraction of Leonel's words, Avarone hadn't even noticed the issue until it was pointed out to him.

His gaze subconsciously swept about, only for him to find several members of the Midas family looking back toward him. His expression couldn't help but turn ugly.

The glue that held the Radix and Midas together was the outside threat of the Florer family. The Florer were simply far too powerful as they had monopolized an entire half of the Inheritance all to their own. Without banding together, they would die separately.

Due to this, a lot of the internal conflict between the two families was ignored and allowed to fester. But, having a spotlight shone on it like now made the problem several orders of magnitude worse. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Because the Midas always had such powerful bodies and because the Radix were so calculative, the nature of these battle stats had always been an open secret. If there was anyone that would be smart enough to survive a close battle, it would more likely be the Radix.

And now this scab wound would be torn open for all to see.

"But I know what you're thinking." Leonel continued with a smile. "Or rather, I know what you'll eventually conclude, because right now it seems that you're too flustered to think properly.

"Once this Head of the Florer family dies beneath the backlash of her own technique, the Florer family will retaliate fiercely. After all, it's been 207 years since one of their Heads has died, and last time that occurred, they were able to retrieve their corpse and not lose anything.

"Now, however, this woman will die in the midst of a battlefield with no other powerful enough members of the Florer family here to retrieve her. There's about an 83% likelihood that she's holding something supremely important and precious on her person as well.

"Because of this inevitable and fierce coming retaliation, the Midas will have no choice but to swallow their discontent and your issues can once more be swept under the rug, right?

"But… There's just a small problem with that."

Leonel's head angled up to the second junior starship whose engine was still stalled.

"The problem is that you're a fool and you still think that they're on your side when they've obviously already decided to betray you."

The moment Leonel said these words, both Heira and her father narrowed their gazes.

"I bet you that by now, all of the members you bribed and placed on their council have been assassinated. I can also see, no matter how he tries to hide it, that Guld Head Ovilteen has entered the Sixth Dimension.

"Now you think about it yourself. The goal of your Radix-Midas alliance is to combat the Florer family. The Midas allow the losses they've accrued over the years because when it comes down to it, your Radix family's intelligence is the backbone of your operation while they are the brawn.

"But, what would happen if the largest scale plot you had cracked was thwarted by another? What if all the resources you had poured in, all the effort, was meaningless? How would the Midas continue to trust you all if you can't do the one thing you're meant to do? What are they losing their lives for everyday if you can't complete a single task?"

Avarone's chest heaved, his gaze practically red at this point.

"I'm not sure why it is that you're getting angry with me, I haven't done anything but point out the obvious. Your Radix family got played. If the Milky Way Guild succeeds in getting a foothold in Earth's Fold of Reality, you all won't even be that large of a threat to them anymore and everything you've done to this point would be meaningless.

"So, don't you agree with me? Isn't this a funny little skit you have going here?"

Avarone suddenly began to laugh, the sounds of clinking resonating throughout his body as the gears of several mechanisms sprung to life.

"I'm going to enjoy killing you." He growled.

The metal beneath Avarone's feet warped as he suddenly shot forward. His strength bloomed and his Force threatened to collapse the space he shot through. Since everything was falling apart around him, he would piece it together himself!

In all this nonsense Leonel was spewing, he had forgotten that he was the most vulnerable person.

However, it was then that Avarone felt that something was wrong. Leonel stood there, unmoving as he rapidly closed the distance between them. It was as though he hadn't noticed the murderous intent at all.

Leonel slowly shook his head.

"If it was possible for them to lose their minds to the point of getting hyper fixated on a single person, how is it that all of them would die 19% of the time? Do you know why I haven't moved an inch since she began to rampage? It's because carnivorous plants find their prey based on movement."

A vine appeared above Avarone's head, slapping down with the weight of a mountain.

"Dumbass."

BANG!