Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1080 Luck

Avarone's head was blasted into pieces. The power gap between a Belize who had activated her secret technique and him was simply too far apart. In fact, for the past several dozen seconds now, Belize had already been beating nothing more than Siris' corpse. The only reason the latter was even relatively intact was purely because of how powerful his body was. Nothing more, nothing less.

Leonel watched as Avarone crumpled before him. Bits and pieces of his skull and brain flew out in all directions, falling to Leonel's feet.

His eyes only barely managed to remain intact, their gaze locked onto Leonel, flickering through a whirlwind of emotions.

Various colors of anger, fury and rage, dipped in a layer of helplessness and pleading… But it was all meaningless. Even if Leonel wanted to save him, he couldn't. Healing a Sixth Dimensional existence was beyond his abilities, not that he would even try to do so to begin with.

The instant Avarone plopped to his knees, another vicious vine whip descended from above, booming down again and again. He lost the rest of his head, then his neck, then torso. Eventually, he was nothing but a lump of meat and metal heated through repeated pummeling.

The entire battlefield remained silent as Belize rampaged about, not a single soul daring to move even an inch. Leonel could tell that there were a few madmen who wanted to sacrifice their own lives just to force him to move, he could sense the look in the eyes with his Internal Sight. But, toward this, he only smiled. He was very much ready for whatever they brought.

Smartly of them, though, they didn't take action in the end. Just ten minutes later, Belize released a final screech, her wrinkled body writhing wildly as the spider lily on her forehead squeezed. In the next moment, she fell into a pile of ash, the leech on her back screaming as it had lost its final support.

At that moment, Leonel suddenly sprung forward, a snowglobe flickering in his hands as he stored away the carnivorous plant before it could truly wither away. As he was the only one even remotely close to the incident, no one was even in position to stop him.

Then, with light steps, he walked to Avaron's bloody pulp.

Little Tolly wiggled around Leonel's wrist, squeezing out from the cracks in his armor and borrowing into the steaming pile. When the little guy came out, it was still a pristine and shimmering silver as though it would forever remain unblemished. However, within its body, a large amount of Sixth Dimensional Ores had been excavated. In fact, the amount dwarfed Avarone's younger brother by several measures.

After working at his own pace for several moments, Leonel finally looked up to the ship above. By now, the father-daughter pair had been completely surrounded, several thousand Oryx driving them into a corner. Their expressions remained placid, however the conclusion of all of this seemed quite obvious.

At this moment, the people of Earth couldn't help but cast worshipful gazes toward Leonel's back. Although they weren't quite sure what was happening, it was clear by Leonel's earlier words and everything that happened after that he was well aware of how thing would play out.

Completely beside himself, Augustus began to clap slowly, his placid expression giving way to admiration. It was the kind of look one wouldn't expect to see from an enemy. Even Leonel could only say that he was taken aback.

The truth of the matter was that he had gotten lucky, and he knew it. If not for the Oryx becoming such a backbone of the Milky Way Guild's plan, things wouldn't have been able to end so simply. Just the odds of such a thing happening alone were baffling, and yet he had greatly benefited from it.

Leonel couldn't help but think what would happen if one day he was the unlucky one? This Dimensional Verse seemed so fickle at times. It was impossible that he would have every tidbit of information he'd need at every turn.

If by some miracle, Leonel gained that ability, it would be amazing. He didn't believe that there was anyone he could ever lose to if he did. But, was that even realistic? Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

'I have to awaken Goggles as soon as possible… Only when I have someone with his abilities by my side can things become a bit easier…'

"I can only say that I should have killed you that day." Augustus said lightly. "I've lost, thoroughly."

Leonel didn't need to think much to know what Augustus was talking about. That day on Planet Solara, he had definitely locked onto him. However, Augustus had chosen not to act to stop Leonel back then, likely wanting to use him as a tool to whittle down the geniuses of the Radix and Midas families. But in the end, that choice came back to bite him.

"You were just unlucky." Leonel said lightly.

Augustus gazed toward Leonel deeply.

Right now, he had more than enough power to charge out of this encirclement and leave this place. But… Then what?

He had spent his entire life building the Milky Way Guild. Before coming here, he had killed off more than 70% of their core strength, weeding out the plague that had been infecting them for so long. Now, they were nothing more than a shell of their former selves.

Augustus had wanted to use this foothold in Earth's Fold of Reality to recoup his losses, but he had been stonewalled before his dreams could even take flight.

Hearing Leonel's words, he wanted to be angry, but he was appreciative at the same time. This young man's view on life… It was one even he could admire.

Only those at the bottom thought that everything was due to luck. Only those at the top thought that everything was due to hard work.

To meet a young man who could be so superior to those around him and yet acknowledge the nuance of it all… It was rare. Rare indeed.

Heira stood in silence, her gaze locked onto Leonel from start to finish.

[Second chapter otw]