Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1092 Go

The sight was a bit overwhelming.

To many of the youths here, the wider Dimensional Verse was still new to them. Back on Earth, before the Metamorphosis, though technology had been very high level, space exploration was still something that had numerous sanctions and holds. Something like seeing a large army of spaceships was beyond their scope of experiences.

It only made things worse that of all the galaxies in this Sector, the Milky Way was practically considered to be bumpkin country. There were many planets, worlds and organizations that remained fairly restricted and rarely allowed inter-planetary travel. The population of space craft owners was a small enough percentage of the larger picture that this was the very first time any of them had seen such a scene, including Leonel.

This being the first time they were in such a situation, even Leonel felt at a loss for a moment. But, after quickly analyzing the situation, he grasped a general understanding.

The starways were essentially just motes of light that guided the space crafts toward their destinations. It was hard to tell exactly which to choose not because Leonel couldn't tell which roads went where, but rather because each of the planets had hundreds of starways to choose from.

The trouble was that Leonel only knew which of the three planets was Planet Luxnix, he didn't really have any other information. Without a choice, he could only pick out a random starway and follow it, falling into line along with everyone else.

While the Segmented Cube was in a state of cruising, it was no issue for everyone to be within the same region. Leonel, who was still monitoring the overall situation, almost didn't notice that after Raj's initial outburst, the atmosphere had become quite silent.

"Hm?"

Leonel took his gaze away from the starway and swept it over everyone. At the moment, they were all in a dining room of the Abode Setting, supposed to be enjoying a cross of the beautiful scenery of space, comradery and the food spread. However, instead of this, many of them had furrowed brows.

Some had more serious expressions than others, and some were clearly more comfortable, but there was no doubt that the vast majority seemed to be going through an adjustment period. The only one who didn't seem affected at all was Leonel's cousin, Noah. But, then again, his face was always that serious so it was hard to tell.

It was only then that Leonel remembered that they had just stepped through a Fifth Dimensional Fold to enter a Sixth Dimensional one. At the same time, the pressure here was far beyond any normal Sixth Dimensional Fold of Reality. If it was normal, why would three such powerful families be forced to share it together?

Logic dictated that they had probably warred over this region in the past and ended up settling for ruling over it together when neither could get an upper hand. As such, it wasn't a large leap to believe that this was the most beneficial location of this Sector to all three families.

Seeing through the issue, Leonel chose to slow the Segmented Cube even further, allowing everyone the time they needed to get acclimated properly. If they didn't even feel comfortable in their own bodies, whatever danger they may or may not face would only become all the more so.

Leonel, who had still never experienced such a dissonance upon entering a higher Dimension, could only believe that it must have to do with his parents. Noah's lack of a reaction would seem to back this up as well. To Noah, coming to Luxnix should have been no different from returning to Earth. Both worlds should recognize him as one of their own.

Due to the slowing of the place, it took the group several hours before they finally approached the planet. But, the good news was that everyone's furrowed brows seemed to have relaxed immensely by this point and the banter seemed to have come back.

'It seems that there are some fast track starways around too… I don't feel very comfortable claiming to be a Luxnix before I understand the situation of the family first so it might not be too good to use them for now, but I'll keep it in mind for the future.'

Leonel was too used to entering and leaving planets on a whim, he hadn't even realized that this was a product of just how far behind the Milky Way was in comparison to other galaxies in the Sector. He would definitely have to be more thoughtful in the future, lest he stir up trouble he wouldn't' be able to handle.

At that moment, the Segmented Cube rumbled, touching down through Planet Luxnix's atmosphere. The slight shake caused everyone's gaze to light up, it seemed that they would finally touch down soon.

The speed of the spacecrafts accelerated, swooping down and finding a familiar large hive of parking spaces.

It was only at that moment that Leonel realized another problem. He didn't like the idea of leaving the Segmented Cube 'parked' here. It was far too important to him.

But at the same time, it was kind of odd to swoop down in a spaceship that suddenly vanished as well, especially considering how it seemed bureaucracy would get involved very soon.

Once again, the simplest thing to do seemed to be to rely on the Luxnix family name. He would even have the pendant to prove it if somehow his own Lineage Factor wasn't enough. But, the idea once again didn't sound very palatable to Leonel.

Before Leonel could come to a decision, his Segmented Cube was led to a hub of the spacecraft hive. From the outside, it had once again taken the form of a cube, but this wasn't too surprising to anyone as there were all sorts of odd spaceship designs all around.

When Aina had touched down with Yuri and Savahn, her father had been waiting. Unfortunately for Leonel, when he touched down, rather than finding his mother, he found a middle-aged man with glasses riding his high-bridged nose, wearing a tight suit and holding what looked like a clipboard made of transparent glass.

He stared coldly at the cube, clearly waiting for someone to step out.

Leonel stood to go, but he surprisingly found Noah's hand on his shoulder.

"I'll go."Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com