Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1094 Speechless

An hour later, the overseer returned to the parking hub, but his stoic expression could only be replaced with shock. He looked around, but he couldn't seem to find the spacecraft that had been here anywhere.

'Weird… Did they leave? No, that's impossible…'

The overseer's brow furrowed. 'Maybe it's a concealment formation? Those are pretty popular these days…'

Checking his glass clipboard, the overseer saw that this party was led by two Luxnix branch family members. In fact, judging by the density of their blood, they should be ranked quite highly amongst the branches as well. So, he was more than willing to overlook some things.

That wasn't the only reason the overseer was impressed either.

'They actually brought more than 50 people along with them. Any branch with this density of talents is definitely very highly rated. It's best that I know my place and don't pry into their business too much…'

After nodding to himself, the overseer opened a hidden panel to the side and pressed a few buttons. Soon, the parking hive's screen began to descend, moving just slowly enough for the overseer to slip out and move toward the next waiting group.

**Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

The hoard of Earth's talents had had dreams of living it up on this new planet and finally exploring a Sixth Dimensional world for the first time. Unfortunately, reality was like a cruel slap in the face.

"Fuck! We're so poor!"

Gil was by far the most heartbroken. He could only look at the pretty women through the large glass windows, knowing that he didn't have the money he needed to even take a single step in.

They were all swiftly met with the disparity between Fifth and Sixth Dimensional worlds. There wasn't a restaurant, a boutique, or even an inn in sight that didn't use Sixth Dimensional Urbe Ore as the common denomination.

In fact, Planet Luxnix preferred the use of a purple coin that was recognized throughout the three families. You could exchange Urbe Ore for these coins but it took ten kilograms of Sixth Dimensional Urbe Ore to exchange for a since purple coin.

The only Sixth Dimension Urbe Ore Leonel had on hand came from what he plundered from Belize, Avarone, Deloris and Siris, but they could only be considered mid-level Sixth Dimensional powerhouses. Even between the four of them, Leonel only managed to gather 50 000 kilograms, which was only enough for 5000 purple coins.

Even the lowest prices Leonel had seen just casually glancing through these windows had cost dozens of purple coins. He most definitely couldn't support more than 50 people to experience this planet in leisure. In fact, with how things were going, they might have to sleep in the wilderness tonight.

Luckily, before things got that bad, Noah came to the rescue.

"There are some special accommodations for Luxnix family branch members that we can go to. I didn't think that we'd need them so soon. But, judging by the situation…"

Noah blushed slightly. Clearly, he was a bit off on his assessment of his own wealth as well.

Leonel couldn't help but laugh seeing Noah's state. It was rare to see him shift from his baseline coldness, he couldn't help but wrap his arm around his shoulder.

"That old codger is too stingy." Leonel sighed and shook his head.

Noah choked on air. Old codger? You mean grandfather? That…

Noah didn't know how to react. He had never heard anyone say such things about his grandfather before. But, then again, he was Leonel's grandfather too. What was the appropriate response to this?

Noah suddenly found that he didn't have a diplomatic solution to this at all, but that only made Leonel laugh harder.

"Come, since we're so poor we might as well check out these accommodations."

Leonel felt that they didn't really have a choice.

He didn't really want to rely on the Luxnix without understanding the situation. But, technically, both Noah and Leonel were actually members of the main branch. After all, his grandmother should be an elder of the main branch, so her lineage would of course receive like treatment. So, technically, Leonel was already taking several steps back by only accepting the accommodation of a branch family member.

That said… Leonel obviously had no idea that his name was stricken from the family records. If he had known this, his attitude wouldn't have been nearly as casual.

…

The accommodations for the branch family members of the Luxnix were truly not bad. Though it wasn't near the Luxnix family estate, it had its own unique character. Well, as much character as a series of enormous buildings could have.

Just at a single glance, it was possible to tell that the Luxnix had set aside a series of luxury hotels for their extended family members. The only unfortunate part was that the congestion at the front made everything that much harder to appreciate.

"Do you know who I am?! I'm heading the younger generation of the Nypso Branch! We've contributed so much to the main branch over the years, now you want to give us such normal accommodations?!"

"Piss off? What fucking Nypso Branch?! I've never seen your names in even the top ten of the branch contribution rankings. What have you been doing? Conquering little Fifth Dimensional worlds? Maybe you aren't even doing that! Are you taking their moons and calling it a day?! What right do you have to a Penthouse Suite?! There are only ten of them! How about you go take a look in the mirror!"

"You haven't seen us in the top ten?! Do you need your eyes checked?! I've seen your Conlon Branch barely holding on at the 12th spot, maybe your eyes can't look up so high! Imagine looking at the daily rankings and thinking you're something special! We of the Nypso Branch only care about the yearly rankings! It's just that we've taken some time off recently to prepare for this event!"

Arguments of a similar nature seemed to be erupting all around as swarms of people fought back and forth. But, it was quite obvious at first glance to Leonel that while they were rowdy, none of them had stepped over the red ropes that separated them from the experts waiting to assign their rooms. However, these experts didn't seem to be willing to make a move either.

'… What a shit show…' Leonel was speechless.