Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1095 0.10

The ruckus had reached such a ridiculous level that no one even really noticed the arrival of as many as 50 people. That was more than enough to paint the picture of not only just how large the group was to begin with, but how invested they were in causing trouble.

Just from eavesdropping a few arguments, Leonel was able to tell what the main issue was.

There were several large hotel-style buildings up ahead. These hotels were surrounded by lush gardens, various sports fields, dining regions, and other places of leisure. But, it seemed that the most hotly contested regions were within the hotels themselves.

There were exactly ten of these hotel buildings and it seemed like each family was scrambling for a Penthouse Suite. The problem was not just that there were more than ten branch families, but a single Penthouse could only room so many people to begin with.

Just by counting the windows from the outside and judging by the height and thickness of the buildings, Leonel realized that the problem was more than just the Penthouse and it seemed that many hadn't realized this just yet.

There were ten hotels, and by Leonel's calculations, each had about 200 rooms. If the average was taken, each room could probably house between two to three people. Even if Leonel chose the upper limit, that was still only room for about 6000 people. And, if Leonel was honest, it was likely closer to 5000.

The trouble was that this crowd seemed to already have thousands of people in it. And, this obviously didn't count whatever groups had arrived earlier than them all. After all, Leonel hadn't exactly left Earth on a timely schedule, so it was a bit much to expect that they would have been the first batch of arrivals.

That meant that there was a good chance that many of the rooms had already been accounted for, yet these people were out here screaming like this would do something. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

'There are screaming matches not only between branches, but there's even competition and internal struggle within branches themselves…'

Leonel shook his head.

As far as he was concerned, this was a matter of life and death for himself and those he had brought with him. While they had joked about sleeping in the wilderness earlier, on a pinnacle Sixth Dimensional world like this one, there was no telling what kind of dangers lay outside the breadth of the protected cities.

Even now, the Segmented Cube couldn't be considered to be a fort and it was very susceptible to being penetrated from the outside. It was relatively safer in a weaker Dimensional world as it had entered its Third Phase. But, now that it was in a world of equivalent status, what advantage it had once had was now null.

Leonel cast a glance toward Noah and they both seem to have come to the same conclusion.

Quickly scanning the crowd, Leonel couldn't seem to find a way through. At the same time, there didn't seem to be any signs directing them in what to do, there was only a line of red rope blocking their further advancement.

The two didn't act rashly. They could tell that there were plenty in the crowd who had also fallen silent, realizing their rowdiness wouldn't get them anywhere.

Leonel initially wanted to ask for normal rooms, making it clear he would give up a fight for the Penthouses for the sake of those around him, but he felt like if such a decision was possible, others would have made it already. There was something decidedly off about the current circumstances and it felt more like people were waiting for a signal or a time of some sort.

Understanding the situation that they were in, Leonel instead began to slowly analyze those around him. Now that he was in a Sixth Dimensional world, he no longer dared to just casually release his Internal Sight as he did in the past, but the hit on his senses wasn't too profound.

'No one here is about the Fifth Dimension, but there are several well into the middle tiers…'

Leonel expressions turned serious. He didn't dare to take Fifth Dimensional existences above himself casually now. This was no longer the Milky Way or its surrounding galaxies. The power and talent of these people was on an entirely different level.

The young man hollering about the Nypso Branch had three silent youths to his back. In fact, he was the weakest of them all. He was Tier 5, however of the three youths to his back, two were Tier 6 and one was Tier 7.

The Conlon Branch was comparable in strength. Likewise, the young man yelling was 'just' Tier 5, but there were two Tier 6 existences to his back and one Tier 7.

Right now, these two groups seemed to be the most powerful, but Leonel had found a silent young woman who stood almost completely by her lonesome. Her hair colored a red-gold flare and her jaw was quite strong. Despite this, she still managed to keep her feminine charm.

It only took a glance for Leonel to realize that she was actually Tier 8.

Seemingly feeling Leonel's gaze, the young woman turned her head, her twinkling irises matching Leonel. She looked him up and down without reserve before looking away. It seemed that she hadn't found anything particularly special.

Right then, the silent overseers looked up into the sky. Seemingly deciding something, they chose to step forward.

In the middle of them, a youth with sweeping white hair and piercing golden eyes took the helm. The aura he exuded seemed to silence any and all before him. Despite the fact he was 'only' Tier 4, he commanded an aura of absolute obedience and dominance.

"Today, 50 rooms will be up for claiming. 30 will be three person rooms. 20 will be two person rooms. 9 will be one person rooms. 1 will be a Penthouse Suite.

"The rules will be the same as they've been. Only those with 0.10 Bloodline density and above can participate. You may fight for one or multiple rooms depending on your ability.

"Those who will participate, step forward now."