Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1097 Pass

"0.1783. Pass."

"0.1812. Pass."

"0.1405. Pass."

The youths who came next no longer bothered to introduce themselves, the shame of Clyde still burned fiercely into their minds. None of them wanted to suffer through the same humiliation. Even without speaking a single word, these youths had made them feel as though they were less than trash. And yet, they could only clenched their fists in silence, enduring.

Leonel watched on without saying a word, his arms crossed about his chest. To his side, Noah stood just as expressionlessly.

A slow building of an oppressive aura rose around the two of them as neither seemed to be willing to make a move. As far as they were concerned, what they did wouldn't matter much.

In the case that their Bloodline Density was enough to impress these three youths, then there would be no real point in doing anything. Their action would only reinforce the disdain these youths had for those of low Bloodline Density.

In the case that their Bloodline Density didn't meet the mark and they fought against these youths, they would only be shooting themselves in the foot. They had no money and no where else to go and this world was too dangerous to be taken casually. It was one thing if they only had to take care of themselves, but they had the safety of more than 50 other individuals to cover for.

The young woman with red-gold hair couldn't help but look over toward Leonel and Noah. Their auras were quite reserved, but she was a lot closer to them than the main branch youths were. As such, it was far easier for her to pick up on it.

Her lips couldn't help but curl into a smile. The good was that they actually dared to still have a temper before these three youths. But, the bad was far worse. What good was a temper if you were too weak to do anything about it?

With the smile still tugging at her lips, she stepped forward.

"Riah Sage."

She was the very first to introduce herself after Clyde. No, it was more accurate to say that she was the only one who dared to introduce herself after Clyde's humiliation. And, what was even more astonishing was that her last name wasn't Luxnix. Clearly, she had taken her father's name.

The boldness of this Riah girl couldn't be understated in the slightest. The Sage family was one only second to the Luxnix, Viola and Montex families as such it wasn't a humiliation for a woman of the Luxnix to marry into their family. The trouble was… If Riah had the support of the Sage family, why would she come here?

The only explanation was that she hadn't come for the sake of gaining a place of accommodation, she had come for no other reason than to test the Luxnix youths.

She wasn't very interested in these regular branch members. She was far more intrigued with the youths in the Penthouse, so she thought that she would claim one for herself. As for what the youths before her thought of that, she didn't really care.

Technically, she was indeed a member of the Luxnix branch families. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Without waiting for a response, she too put her hand on the crystal ball, her Force surging. Her palm had hardly touched the smooth glass when the hidden Force within stirred, waking up like slumbering dragons.

The call of a bird cawed through the skies. In one moment, there was no pillar at all, and in the next, a beam of light over 30 feet tall manifested, still rocketing upward.

The youth holding the crystal narrowed his gaze. The 30 foot mark demarcated a Bloodline Density of 0.30. That was already enough to match the lower ranked members of the main branch.

Every ten feet could be considered a watershed moment. It was already impressive enough to cross the first watershed as a member of a branch family. Beyond 20 feet and you could be considered a rare find among these branch families. These were individuals the main branch entrusted with tasks of great importance like managing valuable Disaster Worlds and other similar resources.

The 30 foot mark, though, was the baseline for being nurtured by the main branch. If such a youth was born in one of their branch families, so long as their background was clean and didn't evolve any scandals—like bastard children and the like—they would be entered into the main family records.

If one managed to cross the 40 foot mark, though…

The pillar trembled, crossing the 39 foot mark before it finally began to slow down. As though it had met firm resistance, it pulsed wildly. However, ultimately, it couldn't cross the next threshold, finding itself stuck and unable to move on.

"Tsk." Riah shook her head. "Shame, a shame."

"… 0.3989. Pass."

The youth holding the crystal ball narrowed his gaze. This Bloodline Density was beyond his own yet she didn't even share the Luxnix family name. Inwardly, he was more than just a small bit infuriated. However, with such Bloodline Density while being at Tier 8, it was clear and obvious to him that he stood no chance against this woman. In addition, there was a good chance that since she chose the Sage family name despite having such thick Luxnix Blood, that she was actually an extremely rare dual Lineage Factor wielder.

Those that could maintain two high Bloodline densities at a time were geniuses among geniuses. He didn't dare to mess with this girl whether her name was Luxnix or not.

Leonel smiled lightly as he watched this scene. But, he still had no reference for how impressive this mark was, so he only watched on as Noah was forced to follow it up. In the end, there were only the two of them left, there wasn't much of a choice.

Noah's expression carried not a hint of fluctuations as he stepped forward. Riah couldn't help but raise her brows. She had gone up before the two of them on purpose after seeing their obstinance, eager to see if their egos were just for show or not. But, who knew that they wouldn't have reacted at all.

However, her intrigue soon turned to shock the moment Noah placed his palm down.