Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1098 Both of Them

The cry was so loud that many were forced to cover their ears. What once had been a pillar of light for everyone else became a bird soaring into the skies, every flap of its wings covered ten feet without fail as it rose up.

Riah's eyes widened when the bird tore through the 40 foot mark. Unlike Leonel and Noah, she knew exactly what this meant, as did the three youths of the main branch. Their expressions couldn't help but change.

Bloodline Density sounded like a very loose term, but there were actually very stringent markers to meet. These markers were designated by the number of Lineage Factor talents you had awakened and what depth you had in each one of their branches.

The Snowy Star Owl Lineage Factor had three main branches: Speed, Wisdom and Healing. Whether it was 0.10, 0.20 or even 0.30, none guaranteed you an awakening of any one of these. These densities essentially decided what level of affinity you would have for Snow Force. If the metrics of Valiant Heart Mountain were used, 0.10 would be about Third Grade Affinity, 0.20 would be Sixth Grade, and finally, 0.30 would be Eighth Grade, while nearing 0.40 would give you Ninth Grade.

It had to be remembered that this was affinity for a very particular Light Elemental Force in Snow Force, this wasn't the same as having a general Light Elemental Affinity. Having Ninth Grade Affinity for Snow Force was much different from having Ninth Grade Affinity for Light Elemental Force in general.

However, 0.40 was a different beast entirely. To have 0.40 Bloodline Density meant that you had awakened at least one of the three main branches. This didn't just make you a genius, it made you one the Luxnix would nurture with everything they had.

To awaken a Branch of the Snowy Star Owl Lineage Factor while not having reached the Sixth Dimension yet was a rarity among rarities even in the main branch. The Tier 4 youth could count on both hands and feet the number of youths who met this mark, and that was in spite of the fact there were millions of members of the main branch and billions of the side branches.

Seeing Noah cross the 40 foot mark… How could they not be shocked into silence?

Leonel's gaze scanned the reactions of those around. When he saw how they were reacting, his lip curled into a smile. It seems that his cousin wasn't bad indeed. But, what no one expected was for Noah's Snowy Star Owl illusion to continue, crossing the 50 foot mark before it even thought of slowing down.

The hands of the youth holding the crystal ball trembled.

In the younger generation of the Luxnix family, there were only three youths who could cross the 50 foot mark. Actually, there were four, but the fourth was such a lofty existence all to his own that everyone subconsciously set him apart from the others despite the fact he was technically a lot younger than most of them.

Noah looked up into the skies, just as expressionlessly as always. His emerald irises reflected the light but no real emotion. Unfortunately, the youths of Earth wouldn't allow him to continue acting cool.

The sounds of whistling matched the call of the bird in the sky.

"Show them who's boss, Noah!"

Raj took off his shirt and revealed his 'temple' to the world, waving it in the air like a pumped up cheerleader. Whether by coincidence or not, the flapping folds of his fat matched the flaps of the illusory bird as it hovered in the air, looking down on everyone proudly.

The cheering of Raj and the others tested the thickness of Noah's face. He could only pretend as though he didn't hear anything so that he could scurry off to the side.

Leonel burst into laughter, walking forward and patting Noah's shoulder. The bird in the skies didn't seem to want to disperse. It was probably possible to spot it from several kilometers away. At the very least, those in the city most definitely all saw it and couldn't help but look toward it in awe.

Soon, the Snowy Star Owl began to disperse, motes of light dancing about the air as they faded.

The Tier 4 youth looked toward Noah with a narrowed gaze. Unlike Riah, Noah hadn't introduced himself. This made things kind of weird.

"Who are you? Which branch do you come from?"

Something like this had to be reported without a doubt. It likely wouldn't be long before this spread far and wide. How had such a talent not been brought into the main branch already?

"My name is Noah Fawkes. I don't come from any named branch family."

The Tier 4 youth's brow furrowed. 'A bastard child?'

This conclusion was very likely. With how the Dimensional Verse worked, there were likely no shortage of illegitimate children out there for several Luxnix family elders. This made the situation very complicated. If Noah was the bastard child of a Star Order Elder, it would be even more troublesome as it was a scandal the family wouldn't like at all. Purity was especially important for the Luxnix.

The Tier 4 youth could only hope to end this all as quickly as possible so that he could go back to report this. He looked toward Leonel, a hint of impatience in his eye. However, seeing how close Noah and Leonel seemed to be, he didn't dare to be too dismissive at the same time. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Leonel smiled lightly and took a step forward, placing his palm on the crystal.

The difference was simply too striking. Whether it had been Noah or Riah, both gained a reaction that was instantaneous even without the deployment of their Snow Force. However, for Leonel, there was absolute silence. It made those around think that his result would be just as benign as those that came before Riah.

But reality… Was very much different.

In complete silence, the illusion of a Snowy Star Owl appeared to Leonel's back. Its sharp gaze lingered in silence as everyone paid attention to the crystal ball. None seemed to notice that change until it was far too late.

The crystal began to glow slowly. So slowly that it was agonizing. However, there was a difference between this time and any other time before it… The Tier 4 youth felt that his palms were melting…

CRACK!

The sound was jarring, shaking many out of their lull. It was only then that the pair of eyes to Leonel's back seemed to enter their vision. Somehow, no matter whether you were facing Leonel's front or back, the pair continued to pierce through your very soul.

The call of the bird followed, but it was neither loud nor grating. Rather, it became a sonorous call that touched the heart, filling every inch of Planet Luxnix. There was not a single soul who didn't hear it.

Right then, the crystal ball burst apart, releasing a blinding light that shot into the skies and pierced the clouds above.

It continued for such a long and sweeping distance that it even tore a path out of Planet Luxnix's atmosphere, presenting a sight that could be seen even from Planet Viola and Montex.

…

In a particular garden, an old woman slowly rocking her chair of white wood looked into the skies. Her glazed over gaze trembled slightly, her heart skipping a beat.

She didn't need to be there to know that it was her grandson… Both of them.