Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1099 Perfection

Leonel looked up into the skies. Even with the second stage of his Wisdom Branch activated, he couldn't see to the end of it.

Of course, this so-called 'second stage' were the eyes of the Snowy Star Owl. In fact, Leonel had reached the second stage of both his Wisdom Branch and Speed Branch long ago. The star path that appeared when he hit his top speed was exactly the second stage of the Speed Branch and his white gold illusory wings.

The only Branch Leonel was still at the first stage for was the Healing Branch of his Snowy Star Owl Lineage Factor, and it could only be used once every several months.

It was precisely because these things had come so easily to Leonel that he wasn't aware of how he compared to the others of the Luxnix family. In fact, he took these awakened talents for granted so much so that he rarely used them in battle, often choosing to rely on his Ability Index much more than other things.

This wasn't entirely Leonel's fault, though.

Leonel expected for his Snowy Star Owl Lineage Factor to be like his Metal Synergy Lineage Factor. Leonel could squeeze out so much more power from his Metal Synergy Lineage Factor. As such, when he didn't receive comparable results from his Snowy Star Owl Lineage Factor, he thought that the problem was that his Lineage Factor was too weak.

Due to this, Leonel actually began plotting how to strengthen a Lineage Factor that could already be considered to be at the very pinnacle of what the Sixth Dimension could offer. It could be said that if the others of the Luxnix family were aware of his thoughts, they would hate him more than they already did.

The truth was that the Snowy Star Owl Lineage Factor wasn't weak. In fact, it was far from it. It could even be said that there were some lower level Seventh Dimensional families that couldn't compare to it. The main issue was that Leonel didn't have the appropriate techniques to pair with it, as such he could only display a fraction of what his true strength should be.

It had to be remembered that the Snowy Star Owl Lineage Factor was greatly reliant on one's affinity for Snow Force. However, what good was an affinity for a Force if you didn't have the proper medium to make use of it?

To put things into proper perspective, one needed to understand a few things.

Firstly, the Snowy Star Owl Lineage Factor worked differently from the Morales' family's Metal Synergy Lineage Factor. The truth was that it was far less structured and systematic.

To most of the Luxnix family, the 'talents' of the Snowy Star Owl couldn't be accessed until entering the Sixth Dimension, only a rare few geniuses could awaken some Branches before reaching this level. Before then, they mostly relied on their Snow Force affinity. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

As a powerful Sixth Dimensional Force, Snow Force stood at the pinnacle of most Light Elemental Forces at this level.

In the past, Leonel had dismissed Snow Force because he hardly considered it to be top 100 amongst Light Elemental Forces and it was hardly top 1000 among Star Elemental Forces… What he didn't know was that such rankings were astoundingly good!

How wide was the universe? How many families were there? How many different types of Forces? To be ranked so highly on a list that was nearly infinite… If that wasn't excellent, then what could be?

This advantage alone separated the Luxnix from other Sixth Dimensional families. Though it wasn't enough to be treated with the utmost respect by that mysterious organization, the mere fact they had produced Nominal Students in the past was enough to show just how talented the people of their family was.

Yet, even then, upon entering the Sixth Dimension, people of the Luxnix would undergo a qualitative change. They would begin to awaken their Branch talents and their strength would explode forth by leaps and bounds.

The most astounding of the Luxnix would 'Awaken their Branch Talents to the Second Layer'. These were the individuals that would become potential Heirs, Star Order elders, and Eight Point and Twelve Point Feather Sword Warriors!

Somehow, despite not even touching the Sixth Dimension, Leonel had Awoken the Second Layer of two Branches already, another shocking feat in its own right. Many of the best geniuses of the Luxnix would only ever awaken a single Branch talent in their lifetimes.

Noah shook his head as he looked up into the skies. I guess there went any chance they had of keeping a low profile.

Unlike Leonel, Noah was aware of many more things. He knew exactly the kind of trouble this would bring.

He knew about Leonel's temper and had been trying to find a way to ease into the discussion eventually since obviously, this had been thrusted onto his shoulders by his father and grandfather, but it seemed he wouldn't have the chance to be delicate about it all any longer.

Sensing Noah's gaze, Leonel looked over and grinned.

"Not bad, right?"

Noah was speechless. Why did this cousin of his only seem to smile so brightly when there was trouble on the horizon?

The Tier 4 youth holding onto the crystal ball stood speechless. Even as the lights in the skies slowly dimmed and the crystal ball finally shattered in his hand, crumbling to the ground, he still didn't quite know how to react.

"This…"

Every fiber of his being wanted to say that it was fake, that the crystal ball was faulty. But, he knew better than to say something so foolish. The only way for the Bloodline Density tester to react in this way was if the Bloodline was considered to be 'perfect'.

The only way to bring the Snowy Star Owl Lineage Factor to perfection was by awakening one of the Branches to the second layer. But…

There was only one other person in the younger generation who had done this while still in the Fifth Dimension…