Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1100 Patient

"… We need to report this."

The Tier 4 youth snapped out of his daze, realizing just how big this matter was.

"Galthin, we still haven't…"

A youth behind Galthin spoke out. They were meant to hand out 50 rooms a day until all of them were given away. They couldn't exactly shirk their responsibilities, right?

Galthin's expression flickered but he made a decision.

"This is more important. We need to go now. We'll move this back to another day. We have to hurry."

Galthin turned to dash away. His two companions turned to leave as well, but they suddenly heard the sound of someone clearing his throat.

"Are you three really just going to leave like that?"

Galthin's steps froze and he turned back, his brows tightly furrowed into a frown. He was a member of the main branch, no matter what Leonel's Bloodline Density was, wasn't he being a bit too liberal with his words?

The simply truth was that Leonel looked nothing like a person with a high density of Luxnix blood should. His skin was several shades too tanned, his hair was a nice shade of violet, but it definitely wasn't the same white or gold one would expect from a Luxnix, nor was it anywhere near as bright. By all rights, Noah looked far more like a Luxnix if you overlooked his emerald eyes.

Due to these reasons, he hadn't expected much from Leonel to begin with, but now that he was calling out to him so casually, his suppressed displeasure was threatening to bubble forth.

In the end, though, Galthin managed to control his emotions. Regardless of what Leonel looked like, the test wouldn't lie. And, knowing the family, he would likely be drafted into the main branch very quickly. In that case, Leonel's standing would be far superior to his own. There was no need to offend him for no reason.

"Do you need something?" Galthin asked as neutrally as possible.

Leonel smiled lightly, pretending not to see through Galthin's internal struggle.

"I and my companions are a bit poor. If we don't find a place to stay now, I'm afraid that we'll have to return to our home. By then, things might get a bit inconvenient for you."

Galthin's expression flickered again. He couldn't decide whether Leonel was shameless or if he should be disdainful. What the hell was this?

Clearly, Leonel was trying to get himself some free room and board using his newfound status.

'Forget it, it doesn't matter. If he enters the main branch, the room he claims will end up empty and it'll be the same result no matter what. I'll just give him the keys, he'll end up returning it anyway.'

"How many rooms do you need?"

Leonel gaze flashed as he finished the calculations. "I need 12 three-person and 11 two-person rooms."

Galthin's brow twitched. But he could already see that Leonel was trying to take a step back by not asking for the Penthouse. In that case, it could be seen that he really needed these rooms.

"Alright, here." Galthin tossed a spatial ring over. "As for everyone else, please come back tomorrow."

Without waiting to hear the cries of discontent, Galthin scurried away, leaving Leonel with a smile on his face.

"Hm?"

Leonel's gaze flickered when he noticed that Riah had appeared before him. Without hiding the curiosity in her gaze, she looked him up and down as though trying to understand something.

"You two are related?" She asked.

Leonel tilted his head. "He's my cousin."DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Riah's gaze lit with curiosity. For two young men related to one another to have such high Bloodline Densities… It most definitely wasn't a coincidence. It was more likely than not that both were tied to the same scandal.

At that moment, everyone from Earth surrounded Leonel and Noah again, their expressions beaming as they hoisted the two into the air. Or rather… tried to.

"What the hell, Cap! Why are you so heavy?!"

Leonel laughed. His weight didn't bother him in the slightest, he didn't even feel that it slowed his agility or speed at all. However, the same couldn't be said for others. In the end, they hoisted Noah up beneath his protest and kicked Leonel to the side entirely.

Riah watched on with a curious light in her eye. Who were these people exactly…? They seemed quite close.

…

Galthin and his two companions rushed toward their air crafts. As members of the Luxnix family main branch, they had permits others would have to leap through countless hurdles to get, allowing them to fly their own crafts outside the designated starways. With their speed, they'd be able to return to the family estate in just a few hours.

However, the three of them could have never expected to find the most beautiful woman they had ever seen waiting for them.

None remembered what happened. But, later that day when they returned to the estate, they reported none of what occurred almost as if they had forgotten entirely.

…

Sitting on the clouds with a leisurely smile on her face, Alienor's delicate features tinged with a red excitement as she enjoyed the simplicity of watching over her son. She hadn't felt so fulfilled in a very long time, but eventually she sighed.

"… Mom has wronged you, Little Lion, but I need to do so one more time. This will be the last chance I give your grandmother. As a mother, my priority will always be your safety, however I don't want to live in a world where my son and my own mother cannot speak to one another… So be patient with mom, we will meet soon…"

Alienor's expression flickered with a complicated light, but soon her smile returned as she watched her son interact with his friends. Her joy bubbled forth again as she could hardly contain it.

…

Later that night, as the sun set, Leonel was pleasantly surprised to find the Penthouse key in the spatial ring. He simply assumed that Galthin was trying to curry favor with him and had no idea that it was his own mother who couldn't stand the idea of her son having anything less than the best.

If Leonel knew that his mother had actually managed to secretly put something in the spatial ring without him even noticing, he would quickly realize just how large the disparity between himself and true experts was.

However, Leonel didn't think much of it, because when he entered the Penthouse, he found something waiting for him on the massive bed.

"This…"