Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1101 Enlightened

When Alienor saw Leonel notice the things she left behind, her smile beamed. She giggled foolishly in the skies as though she was a young girl again.

…

Leonel blinked when he saw what was on the bed because even without touching it, he felt that it was all far too valuable. A part of him believed for a moment that this might have been in every Penthouse Suite, but something within him said that that should be impossible. Would the Luxnix really give so much to a branch family member?

Leonel's brows furrowed, suddenly remembering the state the Radix family's wealth had left him in. Just one casual Fort they had built used up enough Urbe Ore to bury the Milky Way. Could it be another case of this?

However, such thoughts were swept away in just a few moments… The Luxnix shouldn't know anything about Leonel yet, but these items felt too… personal.

Leonel took a step forward, not having the mind to care about the luxury around him. He climbed the small set of steps covered in lush carpets that led to the enormous bed, reaching out and grabbing the first crystal ball he saw.

As though sensing Leonel's touch, the crystal ball gently burst into sparkling motes of light, releasing the item within. When it landed in Leonel's hand, he almost fell over. Despite his strength, the item was so heavy that just holding it up made him feel as though his biceps would tear.

Luckily, seemingly sensing his weakness, the item sparkled, its weight becoming instantaneously lower. In fact, it suddenly felt as light as a feather in Leonel's hands.

…

In the skies, Alienor blinked in shock before her eyes bloomed into crescent moons from smiling so wildly.

'That damned thing actually recognized my Little Lion from a single touch. Haha! My son is so talented.'

The wind around Alienor seemed to respond to her laughter, vibrating as though the space itself would collapse. But, by some sort of magic, all the turbulence vanished just a few meters from her.

…

Leonel looked at the bow in his hand, his gaze sparkling.

'This is a Gold Grade weapon… No, it's not just Gold Grade, it's Tier 9 Gold Grade… There's just no way…'

Silver was the hallmark of the Sixth Dimension. Gold Grade meant that this was a Seventh Dimensional weapon. If Leonel was unsure before, he was now completely certain that it was impossible for the Luxnix to have been the ones to leave these things behind.

He looked up and around, but he really couldn't sense anything. Even after analyzing the room again and again, he couldn't find a single thing out of place. If that person left even a single strand of hair, Leonel would have been able to find it with his current abilities. And yet, he couldn't pick up on even that.

'Was it mom?' Leonel blinked. 'That seems to be the only explanation, but why didn't she come to see me?'

…

Seeing Leonel looking around and scanning, Alienor felt her heart leap into her throat. She clutched her hands over her chest, pressing down firmly. It seemed to take all the strength she had in her body not to dash down there and embrace her son.

'Look at you… You've gotten so big…'

…

Seeing that he couldn't find anything, Leonel turned his attention back to the bow. It was without a doubt the most beautiful weapon he had ever seen, and it was most definitely the largest bow he had ever laid eyes on.

From tip to tip, the bow was three meters long. Its string grooves were fashioned into the heads of two white maned lions with shimmering rubies for eyes while its body was embroidered gold and white gold. Finally, its bow string itself glistened like it was woven of crystal fibers, twinkling even in the non-invasive light of the Penthouse Suite.

Leonel couldn't help but raise the bow up and pull at its string. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

He had expected to not be able to move it even an inch. Back when Leonel first ran into Merlin's Bow in the Camelot Zone, it had only been a Quasi Bronze Bow, and yet despite the strength of his body at the time, he could only pull it to 10%.

With this being a Gold Grade bow, a Tier 9 one at that, Leonel fully expected to not move it a single centimeter. If he could move it at all, he would feel shocked instead.

And yet, to his surprise, not only did he move the bowstring, before he even realized what was happening, he had pulled it to 100%.

A wild pressure circulated about the room. Leonel felt that the Level Three Bow Force that had been such a drain to accumulate in the past swirled around him as though it was on a leash. In fact, Leonel felt that even if he had to release dozens of such powerful arrows, he could do so now.

'… Wow…' Leonel's gaze lit up.

This bow was beyond his expectations. Such an ability frightened even himself. Just based on a change in equipment, he was actually suddenly so much more powerful. And, Leonel felt that this was likely just the tip of the iceberg when it came to this bow. Maybe... he couldn't use its full abilities just yet because it was purposely lowering itself to his level…

…

Leonel had no idea that as shocked as he was, his own mother was quite speechless.

'Enlightened Bow Force…? While in the Fifth Dimension?'

If Alienor had been laughing before, she was practically gasping for air now. Even over at that place, her son would be near the very top just based on this alone. Those bow enthusiast old fogies would be fighting tooth and nail for him.

…

Realizing that he was maybe causing too much of a commotion, Leonel slowly released his grip on the bowstring, looking at the bow with a hardly contained fondness in his eye.

He didn't know how freely he would be able to use this bow. After all, a Seventh Dimensional treasure was far too valuable. Who knew how many people would try to kill him just to lay a hand on it? But, it couldn't be denied that this gift was extraordinary.

After a while, Leonel finally managed to peel his eyes from it and store the bow away. But, when he touched the next crystal ball and saw its contents, his gaze widened.