Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1104 lrony

Leonel felt that his <Valiant Seal> was inferior to his mother's <Crystal World> in almost every way shape and form. The only advantage he would have was in the sturdiness of the space he could create thanks to his version being anchored by Earth Force. But, whether it was flexibility of use, stamina consumption, and applications in battle… It was a clean sweep for <Crystal World>.

Not to mention all of this, <Crystal World> was practically like having a Domain of your choosing on command. Of course, the Law you set worked better the simpler it was, so this wasn't exactly true. But, if an ability like this was paired with Leonel's intelligence in battle, who knew how many people he could play to death with it? Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Leonel's fingers subconsciously stretched outward, wiggling about lightly as Force followed their movements.

Leonel had thought that he wouldn't be used to the foundational magic system his mother used to create this technique. After all, he had used Camelot's Magic System to turn an artistic conception into reality, but his mother hadn't returned to Earth in a very long time so she shouldn't have had the time to learn about it.

But, after analyzing the technique, Leonel was shocked to find that the foundation his mother used wasn't only similar, it was identical. He had no other way of explaining this other than chalking it up to his mother's World Spirit. There didn't seem to be another way for her to have known about it.

This conclusion led Leonel down another shocking revelation. His mother was like a cheat code. He had spent so much time analyzing and parsing out the secrets of Camelot's Magic System, but his mother was years if not decades ahead of him.

Subconsciously, the easiest first layer of <Crystal World> formed for Leonel, a small crystal ball appearing before him like a blown bubble. It reflected delicate rainbow colors as though it might pop at any moment.

…

Still observing Leonel up in the sky, Alienor blinked in shock for already the third time that day. <Crystal World> was one of her most complicated techniques. Wasn't it a bit exaggerated to form a rudimentary form of it in just a few moments?

'… I see. So that magic system fell in your hands…'

Leonel had no idea how correct he was. As the wielder of Earth's World Spirit, Alienor had many wide ranging abilities. One of these abilities was being able to assimilate with the Natural Force Arts that formed the foundation of Earth.

When Camelot formed Avalon and became part of Earth's reality, Alienor gained access to the Natural Force Arts that formed their foundation. This, in turn, allowed her to improve her <Crystal World> technique to the level it was currently at now.

It could be said that Leonel had been helping his mom from countless light years away, something even she only became aware of right this moment. Had he never cleared Camelot's Zone, their magic system wouldn't have fused with Earth and his mother would have never learned of them.

A flicker of guilt lit Alienor's gaze.

'How ironic… What a terrible mother I am…'

The idea that her son had been sweating and bleeding for her benefit made tears run down Alienor's cheeks. She couldn't seem to control her flood of emotions at all.

Even now, all she could give her son was wealth and treasures…. She was under no illusions that this somehow made up for all the years of his life that she had missed…

…

Leonel was oblivious to all of this. He had no idea that it wasn't because his mother was decades ahead of him, but rather that as the World Spirit wielder, she didn't need to 'study' Camelot's Magic System like he did. It came as naturally to her as breathing.

Technically, she had 'learned' the magic system at the same time she did. However, functionally, they might as well have had thousands of years of separation between them.

A light purple aura formed around him, forcing the rainbow colors of the bubble before him to take on various hues of violet instead.

'This is a good thing… It also means that I'm right,' Leonel mused. 'Logically, mother should have a far wider view of the Dimensional Verse than I do. The fact that she had so many options before her yet still chose to use Camelot's Magic System in specific must mean that even compared to all of them, this system is far superior.'

This conclusion made Leonel feel at ease. Before, he had guesses. But, he couldn't be absolutely certain.

Right then, his finger flashed outward, a beam of Spear Force cutting through and crashing onto the surface of the bubble.

A blade mark rebounded off the surface of the <Crystal World> construction, leaving a deep mark. However, the world managed to quickly mend itself.

Leonel calmly observed this before sending a fist covered in Fist Force forward. Unlike his Level Two Spear Force, this Fist Force was only the most ordinary Level One Fist Force. And yet…

The bubble shattered on the lightest impact, raining down motes of crystals and light.

Leonel nodded to himself. He had set the Law of this <Crystal World> by stating that it was invulnerable to blade edges. However, by skewing the Law so heavily in one direction, it made it incredibly fragile to blunt trauma.

Obviously, since Leonel's blade had left a mark, the <Crystal World> wasn't invulnerable. So, his Law wasn't the end all, be all, at least not with his current proficiency. However, Leonel still felt that such a thing was endlessly useful in combat.

'If I can use my mother's research to improve my <Valiant Seal>, just what would the result be…?'

Leonel's mind worked in overdrive, but he felt like his King's Might was missing something.

His attention turned back to his mother's techniques before he found exactly what had forced his Dreamscape to spark:

<Dragon's Might>