Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1105 Dragon's Might

<Dragon's Might> was clearly a play on Emperor's Might, as far as Leonel could tell. But, its use was far more than just that. In fact, it was quite fascinating.

This technique was a method of Emperor's Might manipulation. As things stood now, under normal circumstances, Emperor's Might was like a sledgehammer. In its base form, both Alienor and Leonel could use it like a flood, trying to drown people out with it. However, just because it could be done, didn't mean that this was the most efficient way of doing so.

<Dragon's Might> combined Emperor's Might with concepts of visualizations and artistic conception. In fact, if Leonel was correct, him taking time to comprehend <Dragon's Might> could actually go a long way in helping him master the Fifth Dimensional layer of <Dimensional Cleanse>. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

It had to be remembered that it was Leonel's shallow understanding of the Fifth Dimensional layer of <Dimensional Cleanse> that led him down a path of using artistic conception to create Mage Arts. The Fifth Dimension was all about elevating the mind to release the shackles the body might harbor. This symbiotic relationship between mind and body was incredibly important.

As such, using <Dragon's Might> and mastering it, would actually give Leonel a path toward increasing the speed of his improvement through the Fifth Dimension.

Right now, Leonel's King's Might was nothing more than a formless fog. Whenever he made use of it, it would permeate his general surroundings before eventually sinking into whatever target he had set it on.

The trouble with this approach was that it wasn't only a waste of energy, but it was also slow and not nearly as potent as it could be.

The solution to this seemed quite simple. Since Leonel had such high Dream Force affinity, and he now knew that his King's Might was a derivative of it, why not simply take control of this fog and change its form?

Of course, he could do this, and this would likely help mitigate the slowing and wastage of his King's Might. However, that was all. It was a mere surface solution to it all.

It was only after reading through <Dragon's Might> that Leonel came to understand why it was he was so lacking in his use of his Lineage Factor. He was only at the first Tier of the Fifth Dimension. He had yet to properly refine his mental state. In his current condition, his mind was like a wild and untameable beast that acted as it pleased.

Leonel was under the illusion that he controlled himself, but just how much of his actions were based on his innate disposition? How much of himself was he controlling? And how much was decided at birth by an arrangement of his genes?

It was quite the profound question.

Why was it that some people endlessly procrastinated while others always seemed to be working? Was it really something as intangible as will? Or was it just a natural disposition? Or maybe will itself was decided by one's innate disposition?

<Dragon's Might> removed the guess work from all of this. So long as Leonel practiced it properly, he would be able to rein in his mind to a certain extent. And, by attaching an artistic conception to his King's Might, it too would become several times more powerful.

Once he managed to do that, the Laws he set for <Crystal World>, or whatever upgraded version of his <Valiant Seal> that he formed would be exponentially more potent.

'Each level has a corresponding Force Art attached to it. Each really seems to be as complex as a Natural Force Art, was this really created by a person…?'

Leonel couldn't help but be impressed once again. He had never seen a Force Art created by a person be so complex. Whether it was his Auspicious Aura Force Art or Camelot's Magic System Force Art, both were exceedingly complicated. However, these <Dragon's Might> Force Arts fell somewhere between the two in complexity with Camelot's being by far the most complex.

<Dragon's Might> was split into nine levels with three major dividing lines. Despite being called <Dragon's Might>, this name was actually more of a placeholder to convey the foundation of the technique's secrets. In reality, the artistic conception used was up to the user. This also allowed one the flexibility to improve upon <Dragon's Might> in the future.

Leonel wouldn't' be surprised if his mother used the artistic conception of a Dragon to give her Emperor's Might form. However, Leonel wouldn't even know where to start if he chose that path… He had never seen a Dragon nor seen the depiction of one. Though he had read and seen a lot of them in fiction back in his younger years, that wasn't nearly enough.

'Wait… Do Dragons actually exist…?' Leonel's brow furrowed before he shook his head. That hardly mattered right now. What he needed was a proper artistic conception, one that was both easy to observe and easy to scale.

With Leonel's thinking speed, he immediately thought of several possibilities.

The first was Little Blackstar. Though the little guy seemed quite adorable and unassuming, he was both a Shadow Sovereign and now an heir to the Void Beasts, a creature that even Leonel's own father deemed it important to leave a message behind about. It might even be the case that Void Beasts were far more powerful than Dragons, if Dragons even existed, that is.

The second choice was to choose something far more abstract, like a Disaster World. So long as Leonel kept visiting Disaster Worlds of similar elements, he would also be able to continuously upgrade the artistic conception of his King's Might. In addition, he would likewise be able to improve his Universal Cycles. It was like killing two birds with one stone.

Both of these ideas felt excellent, but for some reason they left an uncomfortable feeling in Leonel's gut. He could somehow tell that if he really took this path, his King's Might wouldn't like it, but he couldn't' quite understand why…

Until it all clicked.

The difference between Emperor's Might and King's Might was that while the former gathered strength from outside influences… The latter gathered strength from yourself.

Leonel suddenly felt a throbbing above his right hip and he subconsciously reached a hand downward.

A searing heat threatened to torch everything in the room, but for some reason Leonel felt exceedingly comfortable.

In that moment, he felt like he knew exactly what he had to do.