Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1106 Shared

The poolside was quite lively. The past three days had been spent in complete leisure as the youths of Earth basked in luxury. None of them had realized just how much of a toll the war had taken on them until this moment.

What was shocking to many of them, though, was that they hadn't been bothered at all. In fact, it didn't seem like anyone else was moving into their hotel either. It was as though the entire building had been locked down for their sakes.

In the end, they could only brush it off and chalk it up to Noah and Leonel's performances. Maybe the Luxnix were still trying to figure out how to bring the two into their fold and as such made some concessions on the front end. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Either way, the group had access to as much food and entertainment as they wanted. It truly felt like they were on vacation.

That day, as the high sun began to calm a bit, a few dozen of them say by the poolside.

Gil, practically grinning ear to ear, had an arm wrapped around two ravishing beauties he seemed to be whispering sweet nothings to. The two would often roll their eyes and giggle, but so long as Gil didn't get too handsy, they let him do as he pleased.

For Gil, this was enough for him to be on cloud nine. Just a few days ago, he could only stare at beauties through a windowpane. But now, he could actually enjoy the touch of such slim waists with a single pinch. This was truly Heaven.

"Ladies, you really should give me a chance. I might be fast, but I still know how to finish last. How could I call myself a gentleman without allowing two beauties to go ahead of me?"

Gil's gaze twinkled, his eyes sparking with crimson streaks of lightning as though to remind the two of his Speedster status.

The two women covered their mouths and laughed, but they gave Gil their usual non-answer.

"Your pick up lines are lame!" Franco called over from the deep end of the pool.

Gil snorted. "Don't open that big mouth of yours too wide, you might drown."

Franco sneered. "I'm bigger than you in other places too, but I'll spare the beauties the shock."

The two women in Gil's arms turned completely red toward Franco's frankness. Toward this, Gil could only be displeased.

With a flick of his finger, Gil sent an arc of lightning toward the pool.

"Shit!"

Franco jumped, just barely getting out of the water before he was shocked.

"You little bastard." Franco snarled.

"Who are you calling little?!"

Gil seemed to forget about the two women in his arms as he let them go to charge after Franco. Soon, their third battle of the day had erupted, leaving the two maids looking toward one another with speechless expressions.

The laughter and ambience of the poolside didn't fade as the two fought. In fact, it only seemed to become livelier. Some even began to place bets on who would win this time.

To the side, Noah sat in silence. By some miracle, he had been convinced to wear a pair of swimming shorts and his bold, refined chest was displayed for all to see. With how defined his muscles were, it would be difficult to pick a winner between him, Leonel and Allan. Though, as usual, Allan was wearing overly baggy clothing even by the poolside.

"Is there a problem with Leonel?"

Jessica, who was wearing quite a conservative one-piece swimsuit, tried to strike up a conversation with Noah once again. Somehow, though, every time Noah looked toward her, he would look away just as quickly as though he was seeing something frightening.

It was only after Jessica wrapped a shawl around her waist and partially covered her long, slender legs that Noah finally seemed to become normal again.

"No… I think he should be fine."

Thinking back to what Noah had found on his bed three days ago, he assumed that Leonel must have received something as well. He was probably enthralled by it all.

"Cap!"

As though on cue, Leonel opened the side doors of the hotel to find himself by the poolside as well. Seeing that everyone was here, he couldn't help but smile.

"Yip! Yip!"

Little Blackstar hopped from Leonel's head, jumping toward the group of ladies who seemed to fall in love with him instantly. Clearly, they had no idea how much of a pervert the little guy was.

"You guys seem to be having a lot of fun. Seems I've missed out."

"Hehe, don't worry, Cap. I know you were just enjoying the presents we sent your way."

Gil, who had Franco in a headlock, looked over with a mysterious grin.

Leonel blinked in confusion. "Presents?"

"Yea, yea. Don't worry, Cap. We'll keep it a secret for you."

Leonel was speechless.

He had no idea that these guys had sent over some service women to his Penthouse. But, long before the could even make it to his door, they had been intercepted by his mother. How could Alienor allow her son to be serviced by such low class women?

Alienor was all in favor of Leonel having dozens of wives, but they all had to be of the highest quality. He couldn't just wildly seed any plot of land!

Leonel, though, had no idea about any of this and could only make some connections through the hardly disguised lewd gazes of his brothers. It was to the point even the women picked up on it, leaving them with no other choice but to turn their heads away in embarrassment.

Leonel opened his mouth to explain but in the end just shook his head and sighed.

He had to admit that he was a bit pent up. The stronger his body became as he progressed his Metal Body, the stronger those urges seemed to become. It also didn't help that he had been abstaining from such thoughts ever since Aina vanished.

He shook his head again. 'What am I thinking? Gil's perversion is rubbing off on me. Still, who knows, with how big the event these three planets are planning seems, maybe Aina will be here too…'

Leonel was filled with a complicated emotion. How would he face Aina when he met her? He didn't like the idea of apologizing because he didn't feel like he had done anything wrong. Or, at the very least, he felt that they had wronged each other.

Forget it, maybe as a man it was his duty to suffer a loss in this case. Who cared who was right or wrong as long as they could be together again?

Wait, that was wrong too… If they they approached things like that, the festering wounds that led to their separation in the first place would only grow, then they'd probably end up separated again.

Leonel felt a headache coming on.

At that moment, several strong auras suddenly converged on their hotel's poolside.

Leonel looked up to see several youths making their way forward. All of them had a single thing in common:

They shared the Luxnix Bloodline.