Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1108 Food

From start to end, Leonel didn't move a single inch. In fact, those with weaker senses wouldn't have even been able to tell that a clash was occurring at all.

It could only be said that Crakas was too foolish. While he had Snow Force to strengthen his Internal Sight, Leonel had already awakened his Wisdom Branch to the second layer and his mind already had the boundaries and sturdiness of an individual at the Quasi Sixth Dimensional level. This had been the case long before he ever stepped into the Fourth Dimension, let alone now that he was in the Fifth.

As though that wasn't enough to widen the gap, Crakas used regular Soul Force while Leonel used the purest form of Soul Force—Dream Force.

With this disparity, even if Leonel only crudely controlled his Internal Sight, he would have still been able to crush Crakas. But, after being given the Luxnix's library of techniques, Leonel had touched upon an entirely new level of Internal Sight control.

The breadth of techniques the Luxnix had in this regard were impossibly numerous. Just now, Leonel had only used the most basic of Third Dimensional Internal Sight Manipulation techniques, and yet the difference was actually so striking.

Of course, there was one other reason why the difference was so drastic, a reason related to the corrosive attack Crakas felt true fear for…

It could only be said that Crakas had shot himself in the foot.

"Crakas!"

The members of the Yunia Branch that had followed rushed after Crakas to help him up. The latter was still in a daze, but his cloudy eyes began to slowly sharpen, only for it to flash with a hint of seriousness and fear.

He felt that if Leonel had insisted on pursuing him in that moment, his outcome wouldn't have been as simple as a spout of dizziness for a small while. He almost felt as though his mind could have been destroyed.

Of course, Crakas doubted that Leonel could really accomplish it. This wasn't because he was looking down on Leonel, he had already learned a lesson against that just now in the harshest way possible. The main issue was that Internal Sight that had been retracted into the mind couldn't be so easily messed with. In fact, trying to do so would have put Leonel in danger instead.

The leading youth of the Mueter and Cuvan Branches looked back toward Crakas with equally serious expressions. They had been paying attention to what happened just now. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Usually, Internal Sight was quite fluid. Several Internal Sights could overlap and pass through one another without issue normally. However, techniques for Internal Sight taking shape and form like that were extraordinarily rare, and those who had such proficiency in them were even rarer. It almost felt like a perfect one to one of Leonel's consciousness.

Of course, they had no idea that it was exactly this. With Dream Force, Leonel's control of his Internal Sight was a thought away. After all, Dream Force was the embodiment of Consciousness.

"So you were a specialist of the Wisdom Branch. It seems we've underestimated you…"

Nigreth, the Tier 7 youth of the 5th ranked Cuvan Branch, looked toward Leonel deeply, his tone and expression touched with a hint of seriousness.

The Wisdom Branch was probably the most respected of the Snowy Star Owl's three main talent branches. The Luxnix had a saying that it was from Wisdom that all other things sprout. Those who specialized in the Wisdom Branch had statuses that were a margin higher than those who were of the Speed or Healing Branch.

However, that was all. This wasn't enough for these youths to back down. It had only taught them that they shouldn't get into a war of Internal Sight with Leonel.

Seeing that they had come to such a conclusion, Leonel didn't bother to correct them. There wasn't much of a point, it likely wouldn't be long before they learned the true extent of his abilities.

"Might I ask what you three have come for?"

Leonel smiled lightly, however his brothers had already snapped out of their fun-having state to stare toward the newcomers.

Ridan, the final Tier 7 youth of the Mueter Branch, looked Leonel up and down, his fists itching. For some reason, Leonel's smile reminded him of the hypocritical smiles of all those old fogies. But, for other reasons, he couldn't seem to bring himself to hate it as much.

"We came for battle, of course." He spoke out, taking a step forward. "In all this time, the other branches have been competing everyday for the sake of the resources they get to enjoy. Your hotel still has 100% of its maid servants, amenities, and food. Yet, you're the only group that has yet to fight a single battle."

It seemed that the competition didn't stop at claiming rooms. After this, it became a contest of the hotels and a fight for resources.

"I see…" Leonel nodded. "So you want our resources? Aside from the obvious, why's that?"

Leonel calmly observed the group before him.

Ridan's sneer deepened. "None of us know when the competition will begin. Isn't it only right that we try to gather up as many resources as we can to improve in what time we have left? If we can sharpen our skills against good sparring partners, wouldn't that be even better?"

Leonel nodded. That did, indeed, make sense. He had hoped to learn more about this competition, but he guessed that this much was already enough.

He gazed toward everyone around him and laughed.

"Well, you all heard him, they want to spar for resources. I haven't eaten in quite a few days, you guys have fun."

Leonel's feet glided against the grass and eventual polished stone surrounding the poolside. Under everyone's gazes, he made it to the barbeque and started fixing himself an enormous plate of food.

Whether it was the youths of Earth or the branch youths, they could only stand and watch, speechless.

Before any of them had reacted, Leonel had already begun to munch on an enormous beast leg.

He looked up with an innocent expression on his face. "What are you all waiting for? They only came with nine people, there are over 50 of us. Gang up on them."