Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1109 Roof

"Shameless!"

Leonel looked up from his plate of food to see an enormous battle royale having broken out. Whether it was Crakas, Nigreth or Ridan, or even their followers, all of them were instantly infuriated. However, toward this reaction, Leonel could only shrug.

Though Crakas was a bit rude in his remarks, that didn't mean he wasn't correct. The youths of Earth were, indeed, far too weak. Even the most advanced of them was only at Tier 2, and that happened to be Noah. Leonel himself would likely break into Tier 2 in a few days thanks to the benefits of , but compared to these Tier 5, 6, and 7 youths, it was really not worth mentioning.

The worst part was that Leonel was fully aware that this was just the tip of the iceberg. He still remembered that Riah girl from a few days ago. She was already Tier 8 and her talent itself was far beyond the youths that had come here today. And, these were all Branch family members!

If the difference between them and the branch families was already this large, what about the difference between them and the main branch? What about the other two pillar families, the Viola and the Montex?

Leonel vaguely felt that maybe bringing everyone here was a mistake, but in the end, he shook his head. What good was it if they stayed sheltered? Facing the world like this would only help them improve faster.

'Why am I thinking like some old man? I need to improve too.'

Leonel took another large bite out of his food, his gaze scanning the battlefield. From just a cursory glance, he could tell that it took on average three of Earth's geniuses to face just one of them. The difference was there for all to see.

In truth, this revelation was more shocking than not for the branch family geniuses. The gap between experts of the Fifth Dimension were enormous, especially if it was the gap of one or two watersheds. There were three Higher Tier geniuses and six middle Tier geniuses, while all of Earth's youths were still in the Lower Tier. The fact that it only took three to bridge this gap was more shocking than anything else.

To put this matter into perspective, even if they had to fight 50 Tier 1 experts alone, they should have been able to do it. If these Tier 1 experts were from lesser worlds, even hundreds to thousands of them shouldn't have been able to bridge the gap. The fact that three could was shocking enough.

Still, Leonel could only sigh at this result. He wasn't quite sure of what to do.

Should he use the money his mother left him to help? No… That wouldn't make much of a difference. The accommodations the hotel provided were excellent. They had all the nutrients and support Fifth Dimensional existences could ask for.

Should he use the Silver Tablet to help loosen their bottlenecks? This was a possibility, but… Having learned about the Three Finger Cult, Leonel realized that his past acts of openly and freely using the Silver Tablet was far more dangerous than he knew. He had only done so because he thought he was the only one potentially aware of its existence, but clearly this wasn't the case.

Realizing this, Leonel knew that he couldn't casually rely on the Silver Tablet any longer, at least not for people he didn't have absolute trust in. He would trust his brothers with his life, but he barely had a surface relationship with the other youths of Earth. He didn't have the luxury of freely believing in them.

"Hold this, you SOB!"

Raj swung down a massive hammer of metallic sand. His violent movements caused that layers of fat that coated his body to peel backward and press down, surprisingly revealing the hint of a powerful physique. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

This wasn't too surprising to the others. Before the Metamorphosis, the strongest of them all in terms of raw power was most definitely between Raj and Arnold. It was too bad he refused to lose weight even after no longer needing it for football.

Leonel smiled as he watched them all push the branch family geniuses back. His gaze slowly left the battle, aiming up toward a a distant hotel roof.

…

"Hm? Did he see us?"

"So what if he did?" Another responded with a yawn. "Isn't this a bit too shameless? We should just storm down there and end it all. By the time we're finished, they won't have a place here any longer."

"Maybe, but it's interesting, don't you think?"

"What the hell is interesting about these weaklings?"

"None of them have Luxnix Blood. Of the two that do, one of them is clearly not trying very hard, while the other is eating. Yet, despite not having Luxnix Blood, or Viola and Montex Blood for that matter, it only takes 50 of them to overwhelm nine of us."

A snort sounded. "Don't 'us' me together with them. Those few down there don't even have 0.20 Blood Density, why are you lumping me in?"

"Just shut up about yourself for a second. If you want to be so arrogant, why don't you take that attitude to the Luxnix family Estate, go see how the real geniuses feel about you."

The snorter fell into silence, sending a glance over to the man by his side.

"Anyway, use your head for a second. How is it that a group of youths without a drop of the three strongest Bloodlines of this Sector somehow have the strength to fight back in a 50 on 9 battle against individuals who do have it. Don't you think it's fishy?"

The rooftop fell into silence. This was indeed a bit surprising. While the numbers looked unfair, it should have been unfair for Earth, not the other way around.

"… Oh? He disappeared."

"No, he's right here."

The three shifted their gaze to find Leonel's smiling figure looking back at them. At some unknown time, Leonel had gone from eating his fill to standing on the very same roof as them all.