Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1110 0.50

"Hello." Leonel smiled lightly as though he was meeting some old friends.

The three youths before him were quite unique. They all had golden hair, though not as pure nor as bright as main branch members. However, what truly distinguished them were their eyes. One had a pair of radiant blue irises, another had very warm brown eyes that seemed only a shade or two away from amber, and the last very pale green eyes.

These were the hallmarks of the top three branch families of the Luxnix. Freewebnᴏvel.com.

There was Kian, the Tier 7 genius of the 3rd ranked Vora Branch and his pale green eyes. Vaan, the Tier 7 genius of the 2nd ranked Strach Branch and his brown, near amber eyes. And finally, there was Ren, the Tier 7 genius of the 1st ranked Ruaturn Branch.

Each of these three branches controlled an entire galaxy all to their own and had positions that were quite interchangeable. The gap between them were so close that they were functionally seen as a single unit. In fact, there was a large disparity between themselves and the 4th ranked branch families and beyond.

Leonel couldn't help but note that all of these top line geniuses were Tier 7. The only exception had been Riah who was Tier 8. The was likely not a coincidence, but Leonel didn't have enough information or data points to draw a conclusion.

Of course, if Leonel had known that Rychard Viola, who he had met in the Dimensional Cleanse Trial World, was a member of the Viola family, he would have noted that he too had been Tier 7. By then, he might have realized that there was more to this than what it seemed.

Kian, Vaan and Ren all looked toward one another before looking back toward Leonel. They had been leisurely watching the battle in one moment, but the instant they lost track of Leonel, he had already appeared here.

Was it teleportation? But there was at least a half kilometer distance between themselves and where Leonel had been. How could someone in the Fifth Dimension teleport so far in a Sixth Dimensional world?

Their expressions turned serious. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"I assume that you came here for a reason?" Kian, the most abrasive of the three, was the first to recover, dressing down Leonel with his gaze.

"Of course." Leonel said lightly. "I just wanted to ask you all not to make things too difficult on me and my people. It would be quite a problem if we also had to fight you all too."

The three were stunned. What had this man just said? Did they hear correctly?

Kian burst into a fit of laughter, slowly standing up from his reclining chair. His green eyes flashed to a peak of emerald for a moment as he took a step forward.

"Are you asking us to show mercy?"

"Well, if you want to think of it that way to accept my proposal, sure."

Kian's sneer only deepened when he heard this.

"This is the first time I've ever heard of a Luxnix being so cowardly. Sure, we can agree not to attack you. Just hand over all your resources and scram first. If you didn't even want to fight, why did you come all the way here? To embarrass your ancestors?"

"Not exactly." Leonel responded quite calmly despite Kian's words. "How old are you this year?"

Kian frowned hearing the line of questioning. However, it wasn't like his age was a secret to begin with. Since Leonel was being so amusing, he thought he would oblige.

"I'm 102 this year. If you're thinking of using your age as an excuse, I've already been at Tier 7 for 13 years already. If I had wanted to, I could have been in the Sixth Dimension already."

"Mm." Leonel nodded. "Well, the oldest of them is only 23. Don't you think you should show some leeway as their senior?"

The pupils of the three constricted.

What they didn't know was that it wasn't exactly accurate to say that they were 23. After all, many of them had only been in the Dimensional Verse for four to five years. On the other hand, these branch family geniuses started training when they were toddlers. It simply wasn't the same.

After his initial shock, Kian's face settled back down.

"I don't know if you're trying to bullshit me or not, but do you take me for a fool? Where would you possibly get so many young Fifth Dimensional beings from? And, even if by some small miracle you weren't lying… So what? You want me to give up my chance at a bright future because you're all so 'young' and 'innocent'? Even if you were a baby in a stroller, if it meant me claiming a spot among them, I'd stab a knife through your chest without hesitation."

Leonel fell into silence when he heard these words. His gaze shifted from Kian to the other two.

"… You're right." He finally said. "It was a bit stupid of me to ask for such a thing."

Leonel's palm flipped over and a three meter long dual bladed silver spear appeared.

"Let's fight, then."

**

Within the Luxnix family estate, two familiar young men sat, enjoying the lavish lifestyle they had been living over the last several weeks. It had simply been too long since they had a chance to rest like this. Being in that place had always felt like being in a constant hellish storm.

Of course, these two young men were the prim and proper Orinik and the lazy, untidy Ganor. It wasn't much of a surprise, then, that one side of the dining table was filled with clean plates and cleanly cut pieces of meat while the other looked as though a tornado had passed through.

However, at that moment, both young men froze in unison, their gazes turning somewhat vacant as though they were listening intently to something.

"Young Sirs?"

Orinik and Ganor were currently being entertained by the geniuses of the Luxnix family. Though Myghelle wasn't present, the only three youths of this generation to surpass 0.50 Bloodline Density were.

The one who spoke was the youngest and shortest of them. Unlike most of the Luxnix, he had also cut his bright golden hair short with much of the sides of his head being completely hairless.

He was Syllar Luxnix, the preeminent genius of the Luxnix main branch's Speed Arm.

When the two recovered their sharpness, Ganor completely ignored the question and went back to eating, But Orinik smiled lightly and explained.

"We've received word that the first round of the selection event will begin in a month's time."

"Oh!" Syllar's gaze brightened. He looked like he was still a child in his early teens, but the truth was that he was well into his 30's already.

"Hm…"

The second of the three geniuses spoke. He was none other than Elaquin, the preeminent genius of the Luxnix main branch's Wisdom Arm. He seemed to carry the sharp eyes and slick tongue one would expect from such a person and he was the tallest of the three.

"… It seems that it's about time we invite those of the branch families who passed to the family estate."