Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1112 Excommunication

Leonel's blade just barely nicked Kian's skin, the cold glint in his eyes obvious beneath his visor.

The three youths were shaken. Even though Kian was the only one with a blade to his neck, Vaan and Ren who were practically trapped in space were just as fear filled.

Vaan and Ren had never stopped piercing their swords forward. It was just that so much of their strength has been sapped by Leonel's Duality Domain that what once was twice the effort to move the same distance had become over a dozen times the effort. If one didn't look closely, it would seem as though they had been frozen in time. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

The three had been able to pretty much ignore Leonel's spatial Domain by diverting their Force to counter act it. But, when it was paired with this second Domain, it felt as though they were small fish swimming against the ocean's tides.

But this was only the tip of the iceberg.

'He used… He used Natural Spear Force…'

Spear Force. Natural Spear Force. Enlightened Spear Force. These were Leonel's so-called Level One, Level Two and Level Three weapon Forces. He might not know their true names due to purposely keeping himself ignorant, but this didn't mean that the same could be said for others.

The moment Leonel's Natural Spear Force erupted, Vaan and Ren knew that they had still underestimated Leonel.

To put these matters into perspective, even in the top three branch families of the Luxnix, not a single soul of the younger generation had awakened to their Natural weapon Force. In fact, each of them could count on a single hand the number of Sixth Dimensional old monsters who had accomplished this in their families.

However, even with that being the case, none of the three of them could take their eyes off of the three inch being sitting above Leonel's head. They felt as though their souls were being sucked out of their bodies every time they laid eyes on it, their knees threatening to collapse beneath them.

It felt like that small little being was the antithesis of all that was life. It embodied pure death and destruction as though it wouldn't stop until everything was eradicated.

Just looking toward it made them all feel a piercing pain in their heads.

Leonel slowly retracted his spear and pierced one end into the ground.

"I think the result is pretty obvious now and we don't need to continue, correct?" Leonel swept a gaze over the three of them.

Kian, Vaan and Ren all remained silent, their jaws clenched. By now, Vaan and Ren had lowered their swords. They realized that there wasn't much of a point in continuing. Even if this technique took a lot out of Leonel, something that was very clearly not immediately obvious, it was still more than enough time for him to take them out.

Even after several moments of thought, none of them could think of a counter. In all likelihood, even if there was some sort of counter to this, they simply weren't privy to it.

Of course, this 'small figure' was the manifestation of Leonel's <Dragon's Might>. Rather than taking the form of something else, it took the form of himself and gave his King's Might a tangible representation.

In truth, even Leonel hadn't expected his King's Might's artistic conception to be so powerful. But, he was well aware that this was only one part due to his King's Might itself but at least two to three parts due to the artistic conception he had chosen.

Leonel couldn't help but take another subconscious glance toward his right hip. He felt that even now, he hadn't quite understood just what was in his body and what it represented.

Just as Leonel was about to nod and leave, not particularly needing the response of the three of them, a sudden surge of Force caught his attention.

Leonel's brow furrowed as his head snapped in a certain direction. From this vantage point, he could just barely catch a glimpse of a corner of the long pathway leading up to the ten hotels. Near the front, there was a large community square laid of stone. Under normal circumstances, such a location would be used for the in and out traffic of vehicles. But, with this being the private property of the Luxnix, it wasn't truly used in this way.

In that moment, a platform rose up and the large fountain that had taken up the center of the square became a teleportation pad upon which several individuals appeared.

Leonel's gaze immediately narrowed. He couldn't see the others because his own hotel blocked the view of them from this view point, but the one he could see left Leonel feeling a tangible pressure. Leonel had no reference for how powerful those of the main branch were, so he had subconsciously believed that the gap between them and the like of Kian, Vaan and Ren couldn't be too far apart. But, it only took this single experience for him to understand just how wrong he was.

The gap was enormous. In fact, it was akin to night and day. The two groups might as well have been completely alien to one another.

'Is that so…'

Right then, the sound of a sonorous bell resounded. The battle between Leonel's brothers and the people of Earth against those of the 5th, 7th and 8th Branch families came to a halt. Though, unfortunately for the latter group, their sudden stop resulted in many of them getting sucker punched. But, who could blame the youths of Earth? After all, they didn't understand the significance of that sound.

Whatever rage the branch family youths had about this though could only be quickly doused in water.

"This is an edict of the Luxnix. All those with Bloodline Densities of 0.10 and higher are to report here within the next ten minutes. Failure to do so will result in ten lashes and excommunication from the family."