Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1113 lgnorance

Leonel's brow raised when he made eye contact with Noah. There was something particularly shifty about Noah's gaze at the moment as though he wanted to say something or was regretting something, but he also seemed to realize that it was too late to do so.

The both of them had been making their way to the front of the hotel after hearing the announcement when they crossed paths. It was immediately obvious to Leonel that Noah was holding back something.

'It makes sense. Noah probably knows more about the Luxnix than I do, but he isn't a very talkative person to begin with so he probably didn't know how to start the conversation.'

Leonel smiled and shook his head. He couldn't decide whether this cousin of his was a block of wood or an adorable teddy bear. Either way, whatever it was, Leonel didn't think it would change much. The fact that those presents had been left for him gave him a clue to something… At the very least, he didn't think that his life would be in danger.

He would just greet what came with a smile until it warranted a frown. As for what happened from here on out, there was no point in worrying about it as he couldn't change it anyway.

Leonel patted Noah's shoulder. "Don't worry about it."

Noah's brows arched up. For some reason he felt better after Leonel said this. But, he still smiled bitterly on the outside. Leonel could only be so carefree because he didn't have any idea what would likely happen over there.

Noah didn't know the full story of what happened back then and had only ever learned some snippets, but he knew enough to know that this was a sticky situation. But, much like Leonel, after seeing the gifts left on his bed, he had a bit of confidence that at least their lives wouldn't be in danger, that was why he chose to come anyway.

"Hm?"

Noah's gaze turned back to find Kian, Vaan and Ren. It wasn't only him who noticed this, but the youths of the Mueter, Yunia and Cuvan Branches did so as well. Seeing the pale state of their faces, many of them were confused, but Noah gave a deep look toward Leonel who just grinned back.

Noah shook his head and didn't say much of anything. It seemed that Leonel had benefited from those gifts far more than he had.

The group of youths suddenly froze in place, their eyelashes trembling as their breathing became shallow.

The few of them had rounded the final corner to finally lay eyes on the group that had come from the Luxnix. But, the instant they did, it felt as though all the oxygen in the surroundings had been sucked away.

There were only three individuals present.

Each of them wore white leather armor, beautifully tailored and perfectly fitted. It followed the curves of the two women to perfection and outlined the broad shoulder and chest of the man immaculately.

Each had a twelve point star on their lapels and gorgeously embroidered and delicately detailed golden feathers on their tall collars.

This was a uniform recognized throughout the whole of the Sector, a sign of one of the mightiest and strongest fighting forces of the Luxnix… The Feather Sword Warriors.

"Ah, such cool uniforms."

Leonel's words almost made Noah fall over. Whatever heavy momentum the Feather Sword warriors had faltered as they all looked toward who spoke through the silence with incredulous expressions.

The three Feather Sword warriors had no idea how to respond to this. Technically, Leonel had complimented them so there was nothing to fault him for. However, couldn't he read the atmosphere? And wasn't he supposed to be awed into silence? This wasn't part of the script at all.

The male Feather Sword warrior cleared his throat as the two women covered their lips.

"Line up." He said coldly.

The branch family youths didn't dare to be as nonchalant as Leonel. In the end, they all formed a line facing the three Feather Sword warriors. Though there were thousands in the hotels, most of them were subordinates that didn't meet the 0.10 threshold and relied on the geniuses of their branches for a spot. So, in the end, there were only just over 20 who appeared. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

In the distance, many peeked in on what was happening, but the Feather Sword warriors didn't seem to care as the male began to speak.

"Today, I will be taking you to the Luxnix family estate."

The moment he said these words, a sudden bubbling of excitement took hold. But, when he raised his hand to stop it, silence fell once more just as quickly.

"My task today isn't just to escort you, but it's to also act as a reminder.

"In one month's time, the recruitment of the Void Palace will begin."

The excited murmurings returned, but this time they hushed on their own. Many gripped their fists, their eyes lighting up with their hopes and dreams.

"You all seem very excited by this prospect, but it's clear that this is only because you have no idea what sort of weight the Void Palace name has. There is nothing to be excited about. The Void Palace is a place where those far more talented, far stronger, and far more valiant than you all go to die."

The heaviness of the atmosphere amplified, many beginning to choke on their own attempted air intake.

"The Void Palace is the line of defense that protects the Human Domain from those who seek to cause us harm. Being chosen by them means a lifetime of glory, but it also represents a lifetime of responsibility.

"Today, the Luxnix family will give you a chance to prove yourself and gain their nurturing for the coming month, but what you receive will still depend on your ability. Your Bloodline gets you this far, and the rest will be up to you.

"Step forward."

The group of youths did as they were told and the teleportation platform began to flicker.

When the lights faded, they too had vanished.