Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1116 What Do You Have?

The furious aura swept out like a torrent. In that instant, several of the branch family youths shivered and fell, their faces paling with fear. How could they possibly match up to the momentum of a Sixth Dimensional expert? Even someone who had just stepped into the Sixth Dimension would be enough to shake them to their core, let alone Sparking Star Order who was just a few steps from the Seventh Dimension.

Fluttering Star Order frowned, releasing her own momentum to counter Elder Sparking.

One side was like a raging wild fire and the other was a delicate breeze. They met in the middle and clashed, shooting up and dispersing into the air.

However, the result was enough to sent hurricane force winds spiraling into the surroundings. The leaves of several tall trees and the well kempt grass pastures fluttered wildly, much of the greenery nearly being ripped from their branches to fall to their deaths.

Fluttering Star Order turned back first to see if the youths were alright. She hadn't thought that Sparking Star Order would be shameless enough to directly target them from the very beginning, so her guard hadn't quite been up. She had been ready for a war of words, but it seemed that she had underestimated the vicious nature of her opponent.

Several of the youths lay on the ground coughing up blood. But, Fluttering Star Order's pupils constricted when she realized that there were two youths who were standing amidst the wild winds as though nothing had happened. Toward this result, even Sparking Star Order frowned lightly, not having expected this either.

Of course, these Star Order Elders didn't know that Noah and Leonel were fairly immune to such coercive attacks, at least within a certain threshold. Now that Leonel had a better understanding of Emperor's and King's Might, he too understood this as well.

Because of this Lineage Factor, their focused states had always innately placed pressure on others and it also gave them a boost to their mental defenses. The Lineage Factor born of Earth's Fawkes family was clearly not simple.

"You have a lot of nerve targeting my guests like this, Sparking Star Order."

Fluttering Star Order quickly regained her bearings, her gaze sharpening. Her expression wasn't as ferocious as Sparking Star Order's had been, but the solemnity in her tone was more than enough to bring her point across.

Elder Sparking snapped out of her stupor, her shock settling into a sneer.

"Your guests? Do you take me for a fool? You're wasting valuable family resources on trash."

"Valuable resources? Never mind the fact that I have yet to give them anything, how valuable are treasures of the Fifth Dimension? You really have the face to say you worry about the scarcity of something the family has so much of?"

Sparking Star Order's expression darkened. In the past, Fluttering Star Order had never been so combative.

When the envoys arrives, Sparking Star Order and the others realized that Elder Fluttering's words were a bit more biting than they usually were as well. They had already decided that after the selection of the Void Palace was over, that they would find a method to expel her from the Star Order. However, it seemed that what they had forgotten to consider was the fact that maybe Fluttering Star Order was being so abrasive precisely because she was prepared to counter attack in the first place.

It was only after seeing how sharp Fluttering Star Order's reply was that this finally sunk in for Sparking Star Order. But… What gave Fluttering Star Order so much confidence? She was facing up against almost the whole of the Star Order Council. Even if the neutral parties were ignored, that still left about 60% of the council while Fluttering Star Order was practically all alone.

Sparking Star Order's gaze narrowed further. She wasn't a fool, nor did she believe that Fluttering Star Order was a fool either.

Right at that moment, the door to the building behind Sparking Star Order opened to reveal the head of a beautiful young woman with a strong jaw. Her red-gold hair was especially striking beneath the shimmering sunlight as her eyes blinked innocently.

Sparking Star Order looked back for a moment, the gears of her mind churning.

'Riah?' Leonel's brows arched, his own expression remaining placid, but the smile on his face curling all the more. He suddenly felt like this matter was only getting more interesting.

"What are you doing, Riah? Properly greet your elders."

"Ah, yes, right, grandmother!" Riah pretended to have forgotten basic etiquette as she scrambled to Sparking Star Order's front, bowing respectfully. "Greetings, Elder Sparking."

Sparking Star Order snorted, hardly acknowledging the greeting as her gaze shifted back to Fluttering Star Order.

"You believe that you can turn the tables by relying on the Void Palace? You are truly too naïve. Do you think that just anyone can gain a place?"

"Oh?" Fluttering Star Order chuckled. "Now you want to give the Void Palace its due respect?"

Just a few weeks ago, it was this very Elder Sparking who had raged about the Void Palace sending two Galaxy Ranked students to them. Now she wanted to paint a grandiose picture of the Void Palace? How two-faced.

Sparking Star Order didn't react much to this taunt. Much of her over the top temper was nothing more than a façade. The reality was that she was very good at controlling her emotions, it was just that sometimes the impact of a Karen was far better than a docile elder. This image also allowed her to step outside the bounds of the rules from time to time to get things done her way faster. After all, an emotional elder, especially an elder woman, gained a lot of leeway from many people by default. How could she not take advantage?

"Regardless of how I feel about the Void Palace, the fact you want to rely on branch family trash to dig yourself out of a hole of your own creation speaks for itself."

Fluttering Star Order inwardly sneered. Obviously these branch family members are just a cover so that she could rightfully bring her granddaughter in to enjoy the resources of the Luxnix. Sparking Star Order definitely knew this as well, but that wouldn't stop her from taking multiple digs. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

"In addition…" Sparking Star Order continued unperturbed. "… What use is it? Will any of them rank higher than Myghell? By that point, won't all these petty games you're playing be meaningless?"

This time, Fluttering Star Order couldn't hold back her smile in the slightest.

"Myghell? What does he have to do with you? In fact, if I recall correctly, Myghell no longer has any close blood related relatives remaining. What right do you have to claim any piece of his success?

"However…"

Fluttering Star Order's voice suddenly became so low that only someone as powerful as Sparking Star Order could possibly pick up on it.

"… I have an outstanding granddaughter and my grandson not only has 0.50 Blood Density while in the Fifth Dimension, but he is also the head of the Wisdom Arm's younger generation.

"What do you have?"

Sparking Star Order's body went rigid before she saw red. Her lack of descendants was her biggest reverse scale. Feeling it being pierced through with such venom filled her with such rage that she was about to erupt.