Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1129 wonderland

In that moment, Ranker 302 fell backward and collapsed, the Rankers around her still not having registered exactly what happened. It had all happened so fast that it was all still not computing. She had only just released her arrow, but in the next moment, she had a hole through her chest.

Ranker 302 gasped for air, but her attempts all came out in gurgles as the viscous liquid filled her lungs.

"Dammit. Someone heal her. This son of a bitch…"

They were still ultimately the healing branch of the family, and the best among the Healing Arm at that. However, when they bent down to help their fellow Ranker, their expressions couldn't help but change. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

A violent aura of destruction ate at her wounds. As though a fire had started, her skin was slowly being burnt away. If things continued like this and the corrosion made it to her heart, she might really die.

Reacting quickly, a young man, Ranker 239, brandished his sword, cutting away the flesh that was being eaten away at. Only after doing this was the healing process able to continue. Unfortunately, they didn't have the ability to regrow limbs and too much of her arm had been destroyed. But, she would still have a chance in the future so long as she continued down this path and awakened her Healing Branch. With [Instant Recovery], she would be able to make her body whole again.

"There's something wrong with this Light Force." Ranker 239 spoke. "It has the speed of Snow Force, but Snow Force doesn't have these corrosive properties. It simply doesn't make any sense."

"If Becqa was taken out so quickly, we'd be going over there just to die. The top 100 need to move out."

Silence fell over the group, but they too agreed. They were just a bit over two kilometers away from the battlefield, standing atop a tall community building. When they received the second signal, they had thought the Division Heads were too useless and Becqa even bet that she could take out the enemy with a single arrow. Just moments ago, they had even been happily betting on how many it would really take her.

Though they showed disdain for the Division Heads, they still had a baseline of reason to their opinions. Some thought that it would at least take Becqa three arrows to win. If it was within a kilometer, then maybe only then would they agree that it would only take one.

But, who would have thought that Becqa would end up in such a state barely a split moment after the twang of the bow reached their ears? It almost felt like they were dreaming.

"That beam caused too much commotion. If I'm correct, everyone in at least a 50 kilometer radius felt that. If they didn't take it seriously before, they definitely will now."

A Ranker that had remained silent until now, Ranker 129, looked into the distance with narrowed eyes.

"They're already here."

What these few didn't know… was that they were very lucky. In a Sixth Dimensional world, Leonel didn't have the range or stamina to sustain his Internal Sight to a two kilometer range. He had dealt with Becqa using the trajectory of her arrow. If not for this… She wouldn't be the only one on the ground.

…

The fog violently dispersed as though a speeding bullet train had just run through it, the clouds above splitting beneath the surging momentum of the beam of gold.

The ground beneath Leonel's feet had burnt to black. From above it looked like the lush and vibrant lands of the Luxnix were slowly being corrupted one step at a time.

Both Ingram and Rayner collapsed before Leonel, completely unable to move. Just the slightest breath from them imprinted every one of their broken bones into their minds, as though countless needles were being pierced through their bodies all at once.

The atmosphere seemed to grow heavier all of a sudden. Though Leonel didn't turn his back to where it was coming from, he could 'see' it all almost as though his own eyes were watching it.

Several small groups leisurely walked toward the battlefield. Some were alone, but many more were in groups of two or three. Judging by the smiles on their faces and their casual attitudes, they hadn't been doing anything very serious before coming here.

Compared to those Leonel had already fought, their power levels seemed to be far worse off. Leonel had already defeated dozens of Quasi Sixth Dimensional Division Heads, and yet within these many groups he was currently observing, even the best of them were only Tier 6 or 7. Some of the worst off were only Tier 3 or 4. And yet…

The pressure they gave off versus that of their Division Heads was practically night and day.

Leonel slowly lowered his sniper rifle, allowing the barrel to rest against the ground. Though these individuals had walked into the range of his Internal Sight and he no longer needed to rely on their attacking first to respond, he knew that this weapon he had created while he was still in the Fourth Dimension would be useless against these geniuses.

Leonel exhaled another long breath.

'Four Seasons.'

Time seemed to slow for just a moment.

The sky was instantly filled with fluttering Fall leaves, droplets of golden rain and quivering snowflakes of ash. As the ground continued to blacken beneath the heat Leonel was emitting, there was something decidedly beautiful about it all…

Nine Radiant Cores manifested, glowing with a silvery crimson light. They formed into an orbiting circle, rotating about Leonel's back as though they had a mind of their own.

The golden droplets pelted against the ground, dotting the blackness with the heaviness of gold, even as the four silver pillars finally began to quake.

One after another, bubbles began to form on the surface of the spatial wall encasing Riah's courtyard. Small 's carrying the slightest violet tinge popped out, forming numerous crystal balls of all sizes.

The space around Leonel had suddenly become a wonderland of gorgeous sights. But, the scent of danger in the air was practically palpable.