Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1130 Whetstone

Leonel turned, his sniper rifle vanishing. The slight sound of a blade sharpening resounded, but what was truly baffling was that Leonel's spear hadn't touched a single thing.

The sound echoed once more, and then again.

It felt like one was watching a master at work, a blade slowly gliding against a whetstone gently. The blade slowly gained an edge of its own, the slight flicker of the master's wrist bending it to his will.

The leisurely expressions of the approaching Rankers grew serious when they heard this sound, but it only seemed to continue.

SHING SHIING SHIIING

Pick up the blade. Gently apply pressure. Glide it back. Lift it up and repeat again.

SHING SHIING SHIIING

The water slowly dripped from the whetstone and the blade, falling to the ground in delicate droplets.

A subtle but fiendish aura began to grow around Leonel's spear. Steam began to rise up from its blade edges. Every time the sound of the blade resounded, the steam only seemed to become denser.

"How many is that?"

A Ranker spoke softly, his gaze having already narrowed. His leisurely attitude vanished and his sword appeared in his hand. Despite the fact he was Ranker 83, he still primed himself to the extreme.

There was only one technique of the Luxnix that could brew this sort of atmosphere. It was known as <Whet Star Droplets>. It was a technique that used the Star Force characteristics of Snow Force to refine and strengthen a Blade Force. The continuous and abrasive sliding of Force against Force forced them to shine brighter and sharper. And the result?

It was a weapon Force several times purer and more powerful than it was initially.

"Six… Six refinements…" Another Ranker answered slowly.

In the moment Leonel swung his blade, it was as though there was only him and his spear left in this world. The sound of the rustling leaves vanished, the battlefield turned wonderland lost its splendor, it was even difficult to feel the heat coming off of Leonel any longer.

The blade shot out in a blinding light of white, gold and silver. If one looked closely, there was just the slightest hint of crimson as well, belying an aura of pervasive destruction that shook the soul and imprinted itself onto the heart.

In that moment, the Rankers realized that they were completely in over their heads. Just this single blade seemed to overshadow their decades of hard work, all the efforts of their blood, sweat and tears, it was all meaningless.

The group that had been targeted was one of three. Each of their expressions warped to an extreme, their Force surging. Without hesitation, all three leapt forward in unison, realizing that if they didn't work together, they would be finished. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Their three swords drew a line through the air, meeting at a single point.

However, the instant their blades matches just the Blade Force of Leonel's own, it felt as though they had been swallowed up by an unstoppable force.

Their arms broke and their expressions became dyed with pain. Blood vessels in their eyes popped and their teeth cracked beneath the might of their clenched jaws.

They put everything they had forward, knowing that if they took even a single step back, they would die here. The difference was too large.

Unfortunately… Understanding something and executing it was separated by an impossibly vast chasm.

BANG!

Sparkling shards of Natural Spear Force spiraled into the surroundings. Deep gouges tore through the earth and surrounding foliage and trees. In the distance, the windows of several pristine and unblemished buildings and homes shattered to pieces, piling onto the growing chaos of the Luxnix family estate.

It felt as though they had all stepped into a violent spatial storm, swaying under the whims of deep space.

When the battlefield finally cleared, the three youths who had faced the Spear Force together landed on the ground, their breathing heavy and hurried. All across their bodies, deep gashes of bloodied wounds even down to the bone could be seen.

Before them, a young man who could be considered their savior stood. His torso was bare and there was the slight sheen of sweat from an earlier practice session still on his body. Yet, his vitality seemed to be brimming and his gaze was sharp.

"Arm Head!"

The excitement of both the fallen and spectating members of the Healing Arm were practically palpable. The hidden and observing members of the other Arms raised an eyebrow, feeling that this matter was becoming more and more unpredictable.

Elody looked around at the state of the battlefield, a strong shield of Force Skin protecting him from the effects of Leonel's Four Seasons Realm. His brow furrowed in confusion, a clear lack of understanding painted all over his features.

Elody's long white hair danced within the wind, his gaze finally landing on Leonel.

"Who are you? Which Arm are you from?" Elody immediately began to question Leonel.

Elody could still feel his wrist trembling from Leonel's strike, but the issue was that none of the Arm Heads wielded a spear. Even that man who had the favor of all the Star Order elders also wielded a sword. He didn't know of anyone who wore silver armor and used a polearm. But, he could also feel the pure Snow Force coming from Leonel that made it absolutely certain that he was a member of the Luxnix.

"Arm… Head… He is… a branch family member…"

Therin coughed violently. He had been carried away from the battlefield under the help of several individuals, but both of his arms were still glaringly missing. Though, he was far luckier than Becqa. Due to the fact he had lost his arm to a blade, reconnecting them wouldn't' be impossible for their Healing Arm.

Therin's words, though, were like a bomb being thrown amidst the battlefield.

It wasn't just the other Division Heads and unranked disciples that were shocked, but the Rankers and even Elody himself took on a great amount of shock.

Elody's gaze narrowed. "State your name and which branch you come from. Do you have any idea the kind of harm you'll be bringing to your immediate family?"

The only response Elody received was the sound of a sharpening war blade.

SHIIIING.