Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

1134  Danger

A blazing pillar of fire left Leonel's lips.

To those of the Luxnix, it really felt as though the world might end at any time. Elody, who was the closest to Leonel by far, took on a level of damage that could only be described as fatal. An entire layer of skin that faced Leonel burnt off piece by piece, the shocking amount of pain snapping him out of his half unconscious state.

The devastation was difficult to grasp. Even Leonel's Duality Spear couldn't seem to withstand it at all.

Seith's expression changed. He had no idea who Leonel was. Or, more accurately, he couldn't identify Leonel by his face alone. But, when he saw what was happening, even his own spine tingled. He was already well into the Sixth Dimension and someone on Leonel's level should have been a matter of the flex of a single finger to deal with, but the Force being projected out of his body right now filled Seith with so much fear that he froze for several seconds, his mind going completely blank. Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

Under normal circumstances, Seith wouldn't even be here. It was only because Rychard had come to communicate something with him that he had gone so far. Because Rychard was now the Crown Heir of the Viola family, something only recently announced, the was an amount of face that Seith had to give him.

In other families, Rychard would have been entertained by their own Crown Heir, but unfortunately for Seith, the situation of the Luxnix was a bit … unique. In every other situation, the Patriarch had higher standing than the Crown Heir. But, in the Luxnix, it was the opposite. Myghell's standing was far beyond Seith's and the former had the backing of both the Feather Sword warriors and the Star Order Council. In the end, such a perfunctory job was left up to Seith.

When Seith snapped out of it, he realized just how terrible the situation was and immediately began giving out orders.

"Corner off this location! Don't allow anyone to enter this kilometer radius! Someone give me a briefing of what the hell happened right now!"

The moment after Seith said these words, he shot forward. He only had one goal in mind: To save Elody.

Because of the oddity of this generation, Elody, Elaquin and Syllar were an important balancing factor. Without them, Myghell's influence on this generation would be too strong. Though it was a bit naïve of Seith to believe that just these three could match up to Myghell, he had no choice but to play the long game.

The loss of even one of them would be far too much. He couldn't' allow Elody to die. Even if he didn't have such political implications to his thoughts, the Luxnix family couldn't just allow a genius to die for no reason.

Seith didn't hold back, displaying the strength of a genius of the last generation. He used the Sixth Dimensional movement techniques of the Luxnix with such skill that he managed to cover a kilometer distance in what felt like the blink of an eye.

His Force Skin began to melt away piece by piece, withering away under the wall of heat emitting from Leonel.

His expression couldn't help but change. He could tell that Leonel was just Tier 3 of the Fifth Dimension. How could a youth so far beneath him possibly corrode his Force Skin?!

A murderous glint lit in Seith's gaze. He didn't know exactly what had happened here, but he didn't recognize Leonel and just by his tanned skin and hair color, he shouldn't be a member of the main branch. If Leonel could be controlled, it would be a boon for the Luxnix. But, seeing the carnage he caused here, how could things be so easy?

Seith had every intention of killing Leonel where he stood until he felt something lock onto him. The danger was so profound that his steps almost faltered.

The danger he felt from Leonel was more innate and instinctual, almost like what a child would feel toward the dark. But, it was still easy enough for one with a strong mind like Seith to bury this feeling and eventually get over it.

But, this danger was completely different. It wasn't an irrational or instinctual fear, it was the kind of fear one felt when they ran into something they knew they couldn't overcome, the kind of fear that had to be learned through years of experience and training.

Cold sweat drenched Seith from head to toe. He had no idea who was protecting Leonel in the shadows, but this experience was all he needed to know to understand just how vast the difference between them was.

Seith appeared to Elody's side. By now, the latter's face had practically entirely melted, his features becoming impossible to distinguish and pick out. If things continued, he really would have no chance or hope at surviving.

Without hesitation, Seith pulled him away and charged out in a beam of light, cutting a straight path away from Leonel as fast as he could.

The beam of fire emitting from Leonel only grew fiercer, his roar underlying it and trembling the hearts of all those who heard it.

The clouds above completely dispersed and the ground shattered, large amounts of rocks beginning to melt and pool themselves into a larger and larger crater of lava.

Waves of heat rippled into the surroundings. By the time Seith got back to where he had been, he realized that even without his orders, no one would have dared to enter the kilometer wide radius. The heat was simply overwhelming and even from so far away, many were still continuously moving back. The only ones that couldn't were the few stuck within Leonel's four pillars.

CRACK!

The Duality Spear finally couldn't take it any longer and completely collapsed, combusting from the inside out. Its pieces flew out in all directions, some even piercing directly into Leonel's body, and yet, he seemed so numb to it all that he didn't even notice.