Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1135 Fallen Angel

"That's…"

Savahn and Yuri looked toward one another, then toward Aina's back. But, ever since they had come here, Aina hadn't said a word.

In truth, this was a bit odd for her current self. She had become very talkative after losing her personality, mostly because she didn't know the difference between thinking her thoughts and saying them out loud, so she just ended up saying whatever it was that was on her mind.

However, it had already been several minutes since they reached this scene, but she hadn't commented on anything.

When Savahn and Yuri took a peek at her face, they once again found nothing. She stared toward the man roaring into the skies without even the slightest twinkle in her eye. If it were to be described, it was almost like she was sleeping or dreaming with her eyes open.

The pair of girls looked toward one another again, but they were at a loss for what to say. They had already gotten used to one form of Aina's slow recovery, but this was completely new territory for them.

'This could… get complicated…'

The two felt a flicker of complex emotions, their tiny fists tightening. They didn't know how these matters would end, but… Wasn't this the absolute worst time for Leonel to appear? And even under these circumstances.

"This…"

Rychard mumbled something beneath his breath, his expression changing several times. He, of course, recognized Leonel. In fact, unlike the others, he was actually quite used to seeing Force wildly fluctuating around him like this. He might have had a harder time if Leonel was in his normal state, ironically enough.

"Hm? Is something the matter?"

Seith, who had been tending to Elody before passing him on to others, frowned when he heard Rychard. It would have been one thing if Rychard was just reacting to the ridiculous nature of the situation, but Seith was far sharper than a Fifth Dimensional boy would be. He could see a hint of… recognition in Rychard's eye?

"Do you know this boy?" Seith pressed.

"I…"

Rychard shook his head internally. He had gotten careless after so many years of vying for the Crown Heir position. He had been strung up so tight over the last several decades that the moment he got a chance to relax he became too loose. To think he would make such a rudimentary mistake.

"Yes, I do." Rychard replied.

He knew that it was a fool's errand to lie to a Sixth Dimensional expert, especially when that expert was a Luxnix. Their Internal Sight was too strong and they were too good at picking up small little details. This was only more so for a Patriarch like Seith who was embroiled in political games all day.

"Might I ask the young Crown Heir from where?"

Seith was greatly curious about this. He didn't expect that Rychard would be familiar with Leonel.

Of course, Rychard had expected this much. The moment he made the mistake he knew he would have to tell the entire story. Seith had just done him a great favor by accepting his proposal, so he couldn't just withhold such benign information from him.

Plus, Rychard no longer had to keep the matters related to a secret since he had already secured his position. It was just a bit embarrassing… But then again, considering the state of Elody, the embarrassment of Rychard's loss was actually mitigated greatly.

Savahn and Yuri couldn't help but perk their ears up. They also found it hard to believe that Leonel would know Rychard. The difference between their statuses should have been enormous. He was even a step above the Arm Heads of the Luxnix and technically on par with Myghell. Though, in practice, he was more so on par with the Arm Heads and dwarfed by Myghell.

"Yes… I met him in the Dimensional Cleanse Trial Zone…"

Seith's pupils constricted. He didn't need any more of an explanation. From Rychard's tone and demeanor, it was clear he had lost. But…

'How could a branch family member possibly get their hands on a map to that Trial Zone?!'

Seith suddenly felt like something was off about all of this. He had even noticed that Leonel had been wielding a high quality Quasi Silver Spear before it was destroyed. This didn't even mention the fact he had practically wiped out half of the Healing Arm and even defeated Elody. All of these things made it hard to reconcile these matters.

In that moment, the situation suddenly changed. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Leonel hacked up a mouthful of blood so crimson that it glowed like rubies. It almost felt as though this blood had come from the spring of his life force itself. But, just as quickly as it appeared, it was burnt to ash.

Not even a moment later, Leonel's skin could no longer withstand the pressure, his veins burst and his body splintering. Fountains of lava-like blood flowed from him.

Under the astonished gazes of those watching, Leonel's blood began to sizzle as it fell into the pools of lava around his feet. But, what was shocking was that it wasn't the lava causing the blood to sizzle and evaporate, it was instead Leonel's blood itself causing the lava to release screeching pillars of steam.

The roaring pillar of flames that came from Leonel's mouth hung in the air, his roar finally waning. But, it was impossible to tell if this was because he was no longer in pain, or if it was just that his throat couldn't produce noise any longer.

Steam billowed out from Leonel's mouth, his teeth glistening a pearly white beneath all the blood and fire. Sparks flew about with his every breath as though the air itself would ignite.

Out of Leonel's control, two enormous illusory wings appeared to his back. The radiated a gorgeous white gold, and slowly but surely, they began to take form, just the slightest hint of crimson hidden within its gorgeously sculpted feathers.

Leonel's head fell, going from tilted up to the skies to his chin resting on his chest. If not for the slight wheezing and coughing, not to mention the breaths of ash, it would be impossible to tell if he was still alive or not.

It was then that his skin began to change once more. Scales of white gold erupted across his naked body.

From far away, they seemed to be the scales of a white dragon. But, when one looked closer, it was possible to see that each individual scale was actually a small, miniaturized feather, outlined like a white seashell with veins of gold.

Leonel had completed the second awakening of the Healing Branch and the third of the Speed Branch at the very same time.

Every so often, a piece of his body would burst with blood, only to be quickly covered by these white scales once more.

The cycle repeated again and again as though he was breathing.

Glistening lava fell from his wings as his feet dangled in the skies. His body, toned to perfection, every outline of muscle and fiber displayed for all to see, didn't seem marred by the broken flesh and dripping blood in the slightest.

At that moment, he truly looked like a fallen angel.