Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1136 Kidney Home

Leonel could feel his body going through a wild number of changes. He felt it all now more than he ever had in the past and he realized just how narrow his scope truly was.

It wasn't that the Snowy Star Owl Lineage Factor was weak, it was just that he never had the ability to bring out its full potential. First he was lacking in the proper techniques to supplement it, and second he had simply yet to fully unearth all of its secrets and fully awaken it all.

This was when Leonel settled on a conclusion. The reason his Metal Synergy Lineage Factor felt so much more powerful was only a matter of relativity. How could a Sixth Dimensional Lineage Factor ever match up to a Seventh Dimensional one, especially when they could both be considered to be at the pinnacle of their respective levels?

Simply put, maybe if Leonel entered the Sixth Dimension and began to interact with many talents on a similar level to himself, he would then begin to feel that even the Morales family's Metal Synergy Lineage Factor was weak as well, when in reality, he was also lacking the techniques to maximize its abilities.

Right now, the potential Leonel had unearthed from his Metal Synergy Lineage Factor was limited to a hard body… But technically, <Metal Body> was a technique left behind to him by his father. Aside from that, there was his Divine Armor… But once again, that was a technique left behind to him by his father.

It was such a simple thing, but Leonel hadn't truly put things into perspective until just now. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

The Morales family Lineage Factor was called Metal Synergy. It wasn't called Metal Body Lineage Factor or Divine Armor Lineage Factor. Who knew how many more secrets were hidden within it that Leonel had never even touched upon?

These matters put into perspective just how ridiculous Leonel was to think that he needed to improve his Snowy Star Owl Lineage Factor right now, as though he was already at the end of his rope. Let alone being at the end of it… Leonel could just barely be considered to have grasped a piece of the first strands.

Even if Leonel succeeded in mutating his Snowy Star Owl Lineage Factor and built it upon a new Force, it was very possible that even if this Force was leagues beyond Snow Force, the overall power of his Lineage Factor might instead regress.

Why? Because this new mutated Lineage Factor wouldn't have the countless millennia of refined techniques the Luxnix had built over their history. It would have to rely on Leonel to rebuild and modify it all from the ground up.

It was possible that Leonel could be capable of this in the future. But, as things stood now, even with all his split minds, he was still lacking.

As more of Leonel's potential was dug out by his evolving Snowy Star Owl Lineage Factor, Leonel could feel more and more of its strength.

The second awakening of the Healing Branch felt like a perpetual <Howling Snow> technique. Without allowing these feather-like scales to cover his body, Leonel's base healing factor had skyrocketed by more than tenfold.

To put this into perspective, the base form of the <Twinkling Bell> Mage Art Leonel had self-created was only marginally better than Leonel's current base healing factor. Meaning, doing nothing was almost as good as casting <Twinkling Lily: Bell's Blessing>, except it would cost Leonel almost no stamina at all, not to mention the fact it didn't require a cast time.

If Leonel activated these feather-like scales and entered this sort of beast-like mode, his healing factor would increase several fold more. By then, it would be a step better than casting the full <Twinkling Bell> Mage Art, <Twinkling Lily: Carnivorous Stem>.

As though this wasn't enough, Leonel felt that upon reaching this second awakening, his <Instant Recovery> had evolved as well.

In the past, it took several months for one use to recover. This time period varied so much that Leonel couldn't put a sure number on it. This was because in order to use <Instant Recovery>, a certain amount of Snow Force had be absorbed and stored for a single burst use. But, as a baseline comparison, while on Planet Luxnix, likely the densest region of Snow Force in this Sector, it would take Leonel about three months to recover a single use of <Instant Recovery>.

Now, in this same environment, Leonel could feel that he only needed a single month to replenish his use of <Instant Recovery>. In fact, Leonel had yet to recover from his last use, but the instant he completed his second awakening, it had been replenished. Freeᴡebnᴏvel.cᴏm.

Then, there was Leonel stepping into the Third Awakening of the Snowy Star Owl's Speed Branch.

In truth, Leonel rarely used his Speed Branch in battle. The reason for this was quite simple. As calculative and scheming as he was, he wouldn't show an enemy his full abilities until he could force them into a corner with it.

Speed was one of the largest factors in battle. In fact, Leonel felt that maybe the one thing no amount of calculation could overcome was indomitable speed. In addition, varying your attack speed made you a much more difficult opponent to handle than going full tilt from the very beginning.

Leonel's slow, meticulous and trap setting approach to battle always left his Speed Branch by the wayside, but it had ironically been the first to reach its Third Awakening anyway.

This was only a matter of fate. It had to be remembered that the Snowy Star Owl was first and foremost known for its Speed and Wisdom, Healing was considered to be a secondary ability of its. Because the Lineage Factor was built on the back of Snow Force affinity, Leonel had a major leg up on the others of the Luxnix.

Why was it that his Snowy Star Owl Lineage Factor was leaps and bounds beyond the others?

The simple answer was that Leonel's Light and Star affinities were so high that Snow Force simply awakened to him naturally.

In the end, it all linked back to the very same Innate Node that called his kidney home.