Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1141 History

The words felt like a tidal wave amidst a calm lake.

Seith might have been aware of just who Leonel was, but it wasn't until Empress Fawkes spoke these words that this information was suddenly known to everyone else. Whether it was the unranked or Ranked Arm students, the Division Heads, the Feather Sword warriors, or even Winged Star Order himself, they all felt as though time had frozen in place.

Branch family member? Who had said such a thing? If the grandson of the Northern Star Order couldn't be considered to be a member of the main branch, then who could?

If Winged Star Order hadn't called out Empress Fawkes' title, maybe many of them would still be in the dark. But, who could dare to call themselves a Luxnix if they weren't aware of the importance of the Hegemonic Title?!

Elody, who had been forced to use his just to keep a hold of his life, suddenly laughed bitterly. He had come to just in time to hear this news and he wasn't quite sure of how to take it.

It wasn't like having a Star Order grandparent was rare. In fact, all three of the Arm Heads could boast such a thing. Leonel had even already met the Wisdom Arm Head's grandmother, Fluttering Star Order.

However… Having a Hegemonic Star Order as a grandparent was a different matter entirely.

Those that had been crippled under Leonel's blade deflated. They had spent all their lives hearing about the coming rise of the Luxnix and the importance of the Northern Star Order to all of this. If she wanted to protect her grandson from something, wouldn't' it be too easy?

Leonel's status had gone from beneath them all to countless levels above in the blink of an eye. And, the worst part was that he had the talent and strength to speak for himself.

Empress Fawkes smiled through her tears and lowered her hand from Leonel's cheek. Stepping to his side, she wrapped an arm around his and led him forward. The pair walked toward the four pillars as though there wasn't anyone else around them.

Yuri and Savahn's confusion reached a new height. They had no idea that Leonel had such ties to the Luxnix. If he did, didn't that mean that what they had done was… unnecessary?

But wait, did that mean he was keeping it from Aina? Why would he hide such a thing?

Of course, they had no idea that Leonel had never kept anything from Aina. Let alone the Luxnix, he had already spoken about even the Morales to her. It was just that he could only tell her what he actually knew, and he had no way of knowing how these families viewed or would receive him.

In practice, he was correct to be so skeptical. Wasn't how things were going now evidence enough? He had support of his grandmother, but that clearly couldn't be said for the entirety of the Luxnix family. It wouldn't be long until the two girls understood this as well.

Winged Star Order stood in the skies, his expression flickering wildly from time to time. The wrinkles on his face played between tight and loose, seemingly not understanding what state they were needed in.

He looked down, his expression becoming ugly. He just noticed that there was an entourage of Viola family here and judging by it all, their standing was not low. How else could they possibly have Seith escorting them? This only matters all the more troublesome.

But how could he just allow them to leave?

If it wasn't already obvious enough, Leonel's actions an the amount of blood scent in the air painted the picture clearly. It was too obvious that this boy had animosity for them. Winged Star Order wasn't exactly sure how powerful Leonel was as he hadn't witnessed the battle, but judging by the state of things, it couldn't be poor, right?

Winged Star Order grit his teeth, his internal conflict only growing.

There was no point in harping on how much others would learn of this matter. The dirty laundry of the Luxnix was already being laid out. The question was what was the risk assessment on starting this battle.

He had no idea how powerful Northern Star Order was. But…

His spine trembled when he thought of something.

'There'll be a chance. So long as he's here, he'll definitely be participating in the selection. Myghell will deal with him… He has the largest reason to do so… However… a line still needs to be drawn here.'

"Roesia, are you aware of what you are doing?"

Empress Fawkes continued to not answer, gingerly walking forward as though she required Leonel's support to walk at all.

Winged Star Order didn't seem surprised by this lack of an answer.

"The name Leonel Morales was stricken from the family records 20 years ago. Your entire family line will follow suit."

Empress Fawkes' steps paused. A fury lit within her gaze, a bit of her strength imperceptibly leaking outward. She didn't care about herself, but this was a matter of humiliation for her grandson. To bring it up so grandly like this.

Her gaze shifted toward Leonel, but he didn't seem to react at all. His mind was elsewhere and it looked as though he wouldn't react even if the skies collapsed.

Realizing this, Roesia's heart settled down. There was nothing else of importance here. Since her grandson wanted to leave, she would help him to leave.

With slow and steady steps, the two finally entered the world of the four pillars.

"Withdraw." Winged Star Order commanded coldly.

Seith's expression changed. Not only was his Patriarch's Emblem being treated like thin air, it hadn't even accomplished a fraction of what he hoped it would. But, what was even worse was that the Feather Sword warrior didn't hesitate to follow these orders.

These matters seem to have defused, but the reality was that it had only set in motion something that would one day be an indelible part of the Three Pillar Galaxy's history. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

At the center of it all, there would be a young woman who currently stood in silence with placid golden eyes and a dull expression.