Chapter 1142 Roesia

Leonel sat in silence, staring out into blank space. His breathing was even, his heartbeat was steady, and there didn't seem to be anything particularly distressing about his current mood.

He had returned to the hotel penthouse, but he wasn't alone by any stretch. His grandmother sat across from him with Noah by her side. Her frail hands held onto Noah quite tightly, the two of them exchanging some words.

Leonel wasn't really paying attention to what the two were saying, but he could guess. Noah was likely being his usual awkward self, something he faced whenever someone showed him intimacy he wasn't used to, while their grandmother was trying her best to toe the line between forging a relationship while not pressing too hard.

Eventually, the topic of their discussion returned to the matters of all those years ago and Roesia couldn't help but sigh. She sent a glance toward Leonel, but his gaze was still aimed out of the tall windows. It was as though his eyes could see to the very ends of Planet Luxnix itself.

"… I take full blame." Roesia said lightly. "Ever since my birth, the Luxnix have been focused on what they call the 'Hibernation Phase'. This was essentially a commitment that we made toward preparing the Luxnix for war.

"In the generation before mine, Ancestor Wise Star Order made a prediction about the upward trajectory of our family. Though it wouldn't be as exaggerated as Hyper Evolution, Ancestor felt that it would only be a step below. Should we grasp this opportunity, maybe even entering such a state wouldn't be impossible.

"Though I understand why Ancestor made such a prediction and chose to divulge it, often times I wish that he had kept these matters to himself…"

Even now, Roesia couldn't help but respectfully call this existence Ancestor. In the end, unlike Leonel and Noah, she had been born and raised in the Luxnix family estate. There were many ties that she had that were too difficult to sever even after so long.

"Why is that, Imperial Grandmother?" Noah couldn't help but ask.

"The initial purpose behind the 'prophecy' wasn't in its prediction, it was to warn and stress the importance of patience. By putting a three generation number on it, the Luxnix formed a plan based on that assessment. The result was the most peaceful era the Three Pillar Galaxy has ever faced.

"It seems like the three families are in harmony now, but the reality is that, for a very long time, there was nothing but endless battle and war. The Three Planet Formation was, on paper, a 'safe zone', but in practice, more people died here than anywhere else.

"The lull in Luxnix activity had a positive effect on the balance between the three families and they too fell into a lull. This allowed the family to enter a state of peaceful growth…

"Unfortunately, many of the blades turned internal as a result. When a family grows too powerful, to the point they don't have any outside competitors, that is when they also become the most vulnerable. But, it's functionally the same if a family is growing in power and has entered a truce-like state as well."

Noah's gaze glowed. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

One of the things he most admired about his grandfather was the creation of the Slayer Legion. Emperor Fawkes knew that in the time between the Ascension Empire conquering Earth and the Descent of the Metamorphosis, there would be a period of absolute peace. Due to this, it was very likely that the Empire might crumble before the Fourth Dimension Descended.

Realizing this problem, Emperor Fawkes didn't hesitate to sacrifice his strongest blade and turn the Slayer Legion into an enemy the Empire could unite against. Noah had no idea just what level of foresight that would take.

Roesia shook her head.

"In my generation, everything began well. Both the Northern Star Order and the Snow Star Order appeared and we were even very close. The family was very cautious in that time and took the words of Ancestor very seriously. In fact, they were so cautious that neither myself nor Snow Star Order were allowed to participate in the Void Palace's Selection.

"However, as you might imagine, that didn't last for long. After your father and aunt were born, the family was a bit unsatisfied with my actions. But, because of the importance the Northern Star Order held, and the fact I was very important to the ascension mentioned by Ancestor, my actions were forgiven, but unfortunately not forgotten.

"During my generation, both the Viola and Montex families managed to enter a Nominal student. This placed pressure on the Luxnix and many believed we had chosen to be too lowkey. So, when your aunt was sent to me by your grandfather and began to display her talents, it was already decided that she would take part in the Selection.

"She was the perfect candidate. Her eye color was different from the usual Luxnix and made it seem like she was a branch family member. Thanks to this, even if she had an astounding performance, it wouldn't raise too much alarm toward the Luxnix main family, but she could also release some of the pressure simultaneously.

"Everything went well and your aunt performed astoundingly, entering as a Quadrant Ranked disciple. Of course, if not for the fact Earth was still in the Third Dimension back then, causing her World Spirit and Emperor's Might Lineage Factors to be dormant, she would have likely placed even higher. By then, her climb up the disciple rankings would have been far easier as well…

"But, trouble came again when your aunt returned to the family pregnant. Your aunt was meant to be the perfect cog in their plans. She was just Luxnix enough to be a part of 'us', but just enough not Luxnix that she could be used as a tool. But, your aunt didn't seem to acknowledge the fact that this was her 'use'.

"Rather than marrying into a distant branch of the main family and birthing a pure breed Luxnix, your aunt had taken the same path I did.

"However… Once again, we were forgiven. I was the Northern Star Order, and your aunt had already become a Galaxy Ranked disciple.

"What couldn't be forgiven, though… Was that Little Leo was simply too talented."

Roesia's expression darkened, an array of complex emotions flickering through her gaze and expression.

"… This was already the third and final generation, and talents continued to pop up. But, there was too great of a power imbalance. Our branch of the main family carried with it too much of the talent and we had proven time and time again that we didn't 'listen'.

"When your cousin was born, the fact he almost took your aunt's life was only one aspect, but the phenomena he brought with his first cry was a different matter entirely. To be born with an Innate Node was already rare enough. But, to have one of the caliber of the Scarlet Star Innate Node was a different matter entirely…

"I was too naïve. I thought that I had shown enough loyalty to the family, even leaving behind my husband and son to remain within the estate. I took on so much work and my every day was breathed for the sake of the moment the 'Hibernation Phase' would end…

"But that day when I saw your cousin, my Little Leo… He had gone from a baby boy so large and full of life to one that couldn't even breathe on his own … His skin had paled, his eyes lost their color, he was crying—he never cried…. He was such a good baby…"

Roesia's tears fell like a flood, but her next words were laced with a dense cold.

"… I killed them. I killed them all."

Her hands trembled as though she was back there once again. She could see the cold gaze of the woman she had once called friend, she could see the impatient and condescending sneer of her husband…

Everyone who had been there, looking over her grandson's small little body, watching as he struggled to even breathe without even lifting a finger, she killed them all.

The very reason Myghell was an orphan, the reason he had no close relatives, parents or grandparents to call his own, was precisely because Roesia saw nothing but red that day.

And among those that fell, was the Snow Star Order of old.