Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1145 shut Up!

Alienor sat by Leonel's bedside, her expression one of endless doting. Every so often, she would glide a shimmering towel across her son's forehead as though she couldn't stand the slightest hint of dirt or dust touching him at all.

After Leonel met with her mother, Alienor thought it would be easy to finally swoop in and see her son. But, the result was actually outside of her expectations. What was something she had been looking forward to for decades became something her hands trembled at the thought of doing.

In a lot of ways, Leonel falling into a deep sleep like this was a great help to her. She got to be by her son's side and take care of him without the weight of two decades of baggage. She felt more at peace now than she had in a very long time.

Her eyes glistened with tears when she thought of all the milestones she had missed. Though she could watch them through Velasco's eyes, it just wasn't the same. She didn't get to watch Leonel take his first steps, or be there for his first day of school, she never got the chance to watch any of his football games or teach him how to impress the girl he liked.

Alienor smiled lightly, soon beginning to giggle beside herself. Her husband had always said that the worst people to ask for advice on women as a man was other women.

'Do you think a gazelle is going to teach a lion how to hunt them?' That was what her husband had said.

Velasco suffered the pinch of all pinches for saying these words, but thinking back on it now, Alienor couldn't help but laugh. Her husband was always saying wild and outlandish things. Compared to him, her son was definitely the far more handsome and refined gentleman.

Alienor's smile became somewhat sad. She shook her head and dabbed her son's forehead again.

Her son was so perfect, how could any woman make him go through such things? She didn't like this Aina at all. If it wasn't for her worrying about how her son would react, she would have taught that girl a lesson a long time ago.

'I will change the bedsheets again.'Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Alienor transferred Leonel to another bed and replaced the sheets once again, even swapping out the pillows.

If Leonel had been awake, he would have known where his meticulousness came from. Aina had always said his room was frighteningly clean and tidy, but witnessing his mother change bedsheets twice a day despite the fact he was giving off next to no impurities at all would make Leonel realize there was always a taller mountain somewhere.

Alienor smiled brilliantly as she laid her son down to rest again, gently combing his hair with her fingers and dabbing his forehead once more.

A month had already passed by now and many were waiting on the Selection to begin. However, Alienor had told them all to wait.

What a joke. These people would just have to patiently stand by until her baby boy woke up.

**

Leonel's eyes slowly opened. Rather than feeling the usual grogginess one might expect from just waking up, especially after sleeping so long, he actually felt refreshed to an alarming degree. It was to the point where even the air he was breathing tasted better.

Leonel rose up and slid to the side of the bed. His bare feet touched the soft carpet and his mind subconsciously outlined every fiber. It was like the touch of his skin was no less sensitive than his actual Internal Sight now.

'6 700 000…'

Leonel's pupils constricted. His number of split minds had been just over five million before he fell asleep, but now they were actually approaching almost 40% more. At the same time, even the most subtle of movements his body underwent made his bones crackle and pop as though they were breathing sighs of relief.

Leonel didn't need to stand to know that he had grown another two inches. He had been about 6'6 before, but now he was nearly 6'9 or 205 centimeters.

He squeezed his fists, feeling the changing as his muscle fibers flexed and blood rushed to his limbs. He could almost see the light bouncing off his tanned skin as though he was truly made of metal. Though… maybe he technically was.

Leonel ran his fingers through his hair. '… It grew out again…'

Leonel shook his head and with practiced motions cut it off. A slight violet glow shimmered before his hair was coerced into being cut. Finally, as always, he stored it all away.

Leonel rose up, realizing that he was only wearing a pair of white boxers. He blinked, suddenly realizing that he definitely did not own these. It dawned on him that someone must have been changing his clothes in his sleep… He wasn't exactly shy, but he couldn't help but raise an eyebrow.

At that moment, Leonel's stomach suddenly growled. Before he could think that he was hungry, Leonel spotted an enormous spread of food in the Penthouse's dining room. He most definitely didn't need to be asked twice and immediately dove in.

BANG!

"Cap!"

The doors of the Penthouse slammed open as a rush of people came in.

"Ah…"

Leonel didn't get to say anything before he was tackled and dog piled, his poor beast leg flying out of his hands.

Raj's rotund figure was the first to collide with him and Milan followed suit not long after. Before Leonel could react, he found himself being piled by at least six 200 pound men on the most conservative end, with the likes of Raj and Milan pushing and crossing 300.

Leonel coughed. "You guys couldn't pick a better time? I'm starving here."

Leonel's muffled voice sounded beneath the pattern.

"Shut up, Cap! Let me love you! Gimme a kiss."

Leonel found himself fighting for his life beneath a pile of grown men, dodging lips left and right.

For the first time in a while, he laughed.