Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1146 Brim

Hours later, Leonel seemed to have finally noticed something weird about his brothers.

"You all… How'd you grow so powerful so quickly?"

The dining room table had been cleared of all food and Leonel was even sporting a small pot belly. His stomach never showed this sort of effect after eating, so it could only be said that he had truly stuffed himself full this time.

By the end of it, he finally noticed the changes in his teammates. Judging by a few factors, it should have only been about 5 weeks since the last time he woke up. Yet, he could feel that the auras of his teammates were all several times stronger. If it had taken three of them to match a branch family member before, they could probably fight one on one to a stalemate now.

Of course, this still left them far short of the Luxnix family main branch along with the other main branches. But, it was a shocking change nonetheless.

After Leonel thought about it though, he felt that it made sense. For such talents, just staying and acclimating to a Sixth Dimensional world over an extended period of time would cause great positive changes to their strength. The pressure of such a high level world would squeeze out the latent potential they had within themselves and allow their talents to shine forth.

'I didn't consider this before, but this is good…'

"Ah, right. Granny Fawkes has been helping us out. She made a training regimen for us all and we've been following it for the past few weeks." Franco explained.

Leonel's brows shot up. It took him a moment to realize that Franco was actually talking about his grandmother. His lip curled into a smile.

"Oh? What did she make you guys do?"

The dining room suddenly turned quiet. Even Allan's face tinged with red as he pushed his glasses up his nose, unwilling to make eye contact with Leonel. The only one who seemed alright was Milan.

"She put us through a routine of cardio and stretching, nothing major. She just said that we had the talent, it was just that our bodies had not been placed under appropriate pressure."

Leonel's gaze immediately picked up the weird gazes of everyone when Milan said 'stretches'. Suddenly, he felt a great comradery with the brothers around him. He, too, understood the complex emotions associated with working on your flexibility. Even to this day, he hadn't allowed anyone to see him stretch using that technique he got from the Valiant Heart Zone.

As for Milan, of course he was uncaring. He took his flexibility the most seriously of all of them. Despite his 300 pound frame, he had actually spent quite some time as a gymnast and even dabbled in ballet. Milan surprisingly took them both quite seriously so he was rarely made fun of for it.

Leonel was filled with sympathy.

**FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

The location was Planet Montex.

Of the three families, they seemed to be the most silent, however the training their youths had been undergoing was anything but. Much like their tall mountains which pierced through their atmosphere and gave their world devilish horns, they too were stoically persistent.

Maybe due to this or by coincidence, Planet Montex was chosen as the starting grounds for the Selection.

After over a week of delays, the Selection was finally beginning and the pent up anticipation seemed only steps away from blowing.

Amongst the Montex family youths, there was one particular young man that Leonel would recognize very well. That day in the Dimensional Cleanse Trial Zone, in order to claim the Fifth Dimensional piece Leonel had been forced to fight not just one, but two people.

One of those two people was Rychard. The other was Higlis, a young man who wielded an enormous hammer with the weight of a small mountain.

Who knew what the odds were of meeting two potential airs of this Three Pillar Sector at once. But, all that was important was the fact that Higlis hadn't forgotten Leonel. He too had wanted to rely on the Fifth Dimensional layer of to maximize his chances at becoming Crown Heir. Unfortunately, he wasn't as meticulous or scheming as Rychard. The result was that he was still vying for position while Rychard had already claimed his Crown Heir position for himself.

To Higlis, this Selection was the opportunity he needed to secure his position for life. So long as he could become a Nominal disciple, he was set. But of course… This wasn't the limit of his ambition.

…

Many forces converged onto Planet Montex. Among them, the Montex, Viola and the Luxnix weren't the only ones, there was also Riah's Sage family and numerous others who could only be considered to be a step beneath the 'Three Pillars'.

Within this throng of people, Leonel, his brothers and his friends could be considered to be the most leisurely. While others were scrambling for position, they had already found their seats.

It was unknown what was being planned, and even Leonel was still unaware that the overseer of this event was actually his own mother, but the Void Palace had set aside a large arena. Or, more accurately, the Montex had one built at their behest.

Leonel assumed that there would be some group challenges ahead, or else Fluttering Star Order wouldn't have tried to invest so much into branch family members. But, he wasn't sure if this was set in stone, or if Fluttering Star Order had only been preparing for the possibility.

By Leonel's side, his grandmother held onto his arm like a frail old lady. One would think that she had a step in the grave already, but judging by her current vitality, living for several hundred more years wouldn't be a problem in the slightest.

At the moment, Roesia's mood was very good as Leonel's attitude toward her after waking up was far better than what she had expected. She thought that Leonel hated her, when the reality was just that Leonel hadn't been in the mood for pleasantries previously. Even knowing his grandmother's role in protecting the Luxnix, he didn't hate her. In fact, he quite appreciated her.

Wouldn't Leonel be too much of a hypocrite if he hated his grandfather's actions on one end, but was alright with genocide on another just because he had been wronged? If anything, of all his relatives, his grandmother's personality was the most in line with himself.

Over the last few days, the grandmother-grandson pair had become a lot closer and Roesia's wrinkles seemed to vanish one after another the longer she spent smiling. She hadn't felt so happy in a very long time, she almost didn't care what the Luxnix did from now on.

Like this, the arena which could house millions was slowly filled to the brim.