Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1147 Two Paths

Leonel split a bit of his attention to pay attention to the surroundings.

Truthfully, the idea of joining yet another organization made him feel pretty weird on the inside. It could only be said that his luck wasn't the best when it came to such things. Though his relationship with Camelot, the Slayer Legion and Valiant Heart Mountain could all be considered to be positive now, though the latter was now destroyed, the rockiness he had experienced at the start of his relationship with them was still firmly imprinted onto Leonel's mind.

After leaving Valiant Heart Mountain, Leonel had truly thought that he would never join another organization again. He had plans to simply build up his own faction until it was time for the Morales family's Heir Wars.

Though Leonel didn't know how the Morales saw him, or if they might treat him the same way the Luxnix had or not, he had enough reason to believe that so long as he won these Heir Wars, it wouldn't matter. The fact that he had two of their most important family Heirlooms in hand spoke for itself.

After learning about the Void Palace, though, Leonel realized that he didn't really have much of a choice in the matter. Whether he wanted to or not, if he had aspirations of reaching the pinnacle of the Dimensional Verse, joining the Void Palace was a must.

To describe the importance of the Void Palace in the simplest way possible: They were the guardians of the Human Domain.

Any dream Leonel had of uniting the Dimensional Verse would, without a shadow of a doubt, have to pass through them. It could even be said that becoming the Head of the Void Palace would be a shortcut, at least to claiming the Human Domain, that is.

Even if this wasn't the case, the Void Palace had vast stores of information Leonel couldn't miss out on. Whether it was information about other Domains, thoughts and ideologies Leonel had never touched before, or even something as plain as techniques and Styles, Leonel had to grasp them all. It was a foothold of such importance that he could only grab onto it.

Leonel had always had a phobia of missing out. Of course, this wasn't a phobia about events or people, but rather, knowledge. He hated the idea of taking less efficient paths simply because of his own ignorance. He had experienced that feeling all too often since he enter the Dimensional Verse.

One such example was the truth behind why so many of the youths participating in the Selection had stopped at Tier 7. Even Rychard, the Crown Heir of the Viola, was only at Tier 8 currently.

Of course, the obvious answer was that the Void Palace only accepted those beneath the Sixth Dimension. But, this was just one layer of the answer.

Firstly, if they accepted those beneath the Sixth Dimension, why stop at Tier 7 or 8? Wouldn't it maximize your chances if you continued to the Quasi Sixth Dimension level? That would still meet the requirements, right?

You could say that maybe these geniuses simply hadn't had the time, yet. But, this answer only made sense for the first few times. Oddly, though, every expert Leonel ran across as they continued to flood this arena were all the same. There were simply too many of them for it to be a coincidence. They couldn't' possibly all be 'too young', right?

Then, there was the second oddity. Why beneath the Sixth Dimension? Weren't there talents of all levels to be found everywhere? The former Guild Head of the Milky Way Guild, Augustus, was a great example.

Augustus was a special sort of talent, able to enter the Sixth Dimension while bound by the constraints of a Fifth Dimensional world. The difficulty in doing so was astronomical. Though some of this could be attributed to him taking advantage of the Sixth Dimensional Galaxies that wanted to take advantage of him, this only went to further bolster and prove his skill.

However, according to the rules of the Void Palace, they would reject him no matter what.

When Leonel asked his grandmother about this, it was only at this point that he managed to understand why this was.

The Sixth Dimension was an important crossroads and was divided into two major paths. First, there was a conventional path which essentially reboot and reframed the progress you made in the previous three Dimensions.

To explain it as simply as possible, with the Conventional Path, your Sixth Dimension would become a re-run of the Third Dimension where you would form more and strengthen your Innate Nodes. Following this, the Seventh Dimension along this path would be redo of the Fourth Dimension where you would once again strength your body. And, the Eight Dimension would become a reboot of the Fifth Dimension…

Of course, those who took this path would still be able to become extremely powerful and weren't necessarily worse off than those who took the opposing path. However, while they weren't necessarily worse off, it would be impossible to reach the ceiling of those who took the other path… Also known as the God Path.

Should one choose the God Path, they would have a chance to reach the true peak of the Dimensional Verse. Of course, once again, those that chose the Conventional Path weren't necessarily weaker, and there were many who chose this path that could match top experts of the God Path. However, without fail, the strongest individuals of the Dimensional Verse had stepped onto this second, unconventional path.

In order to take the God Path, however, one needed to start early. The priming for diverging and taking this route began at Tier 7 of the Fifth Dimension. Using that buffer period, one could slowly begin to mold themselves and prepare.

Once again, Leonel realized that he had almost missed out on something greatly important. He couldn't help but feel that his dad was really too casual with informing him about such things.

How could he pick any path other than the God Path?

Leonel's gaze suddenly shifted toward a certain direction, an aura of pure white gold descending as the Luxnix family arrived. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

[Sorry everyone, I started on DD chapters really late today, lmao. But you guys are probably used to late chapters by now. More on the way.]