Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1151 I'd Advise

Orinik's expression didn't change when he saw this, but he inwardly sneered.

Orinik wasn't the kind of person to actively condescend. Or, it was more accurate to say that most who wen to the Void Palace had had their arrogance beat out of them long ago. The focus of the Void Palace was presenting a single shield to the outside world. There was no individuality, no room for self esteem and pride, there was only the task at hand and your role in said task.

Despite its name and despite the prestige that came with being a part of them, the Void Palace, was essentially the Military. Nothing more, nothing less.

To see all of these people being so excited already filled Orinik with one layer of disgust, as he too had once been one of them. But, seeing them actually pine over a reward as exclusive as the Amethyst Token was enough for him to want to vomit.

Did they have any idea what kind of monsters had the right to grasp such a Token?

Even if you really did defeat everyone in your Sector, if your competition was too weak, the overseer would never grant you such a badge. What good was it in being the best out of a group of trash?

This was a Sixth Dimensional Sector and they actually thought they were worthy of such a thing? Was this a joke?

Despite his feelings, Orinik remained silent. His Force surged and he waved a hand.

At that moment, an enormous billboard formed of motes of light appeared in the skies. It was entirely blank, but what was fascinating about it was that no matter what angle you looked at it from, it would feel as though it was matching your gaze dead-on.

Leonel's eyes lit up when he saw it. It was yet another fantastic application of Force Arts and it left him fascinated once again. These days, he seemed to be finding Crafting and the underlying Force Art mechanisms of it more and more amazing.

"Those who will be participating, send out a strand of your Force toward this construct. If you cannot do at least this much…"

Orinik didn't bother to finish his words this time. He had used this line of reasoning numerous times already. He was sure that those present understood that he wouldn't be here to listen to their complaints and nonsense.

Leonel's brow raised.

Controlling Force outside of yourself, or at least projecting your internal Force outward, could quickly become very difficult.

The billboard might have seemed close, but in order for it to be so large, and yet appear in everyone's vision so clearly, it had to be at least a few hundred meters in the air. Leonel could have never imagined projecting his Force out so far before he grasped Level Two Spear Force. At least that was the case if he wasn't using his bow.

Of course, since then, he had become far more skilled. In addition, after learning many of the Luxnix family's techniques, he had grasped many Force Manipulation techniques that would make this not too hard to accomplish.

But… This 'simple' test made Leonel realize just how large the gap was.

At that moment, an arrow shot into the skies. It streaked upward with a blazing speed before it pierced through the billboard above.

While the arrow continued to fly higher before eventually rushing down below and crashing into the protective Force Arts that safeguarded the observers, the Force that had coated it was completely stripped away.

The billboard began to flicker and a long string of numbers appeared.

0000001 –

There was no name assigned to the number, but this didn't seem to matter. To the Void Palace, you name was meaningless until you became one of them. All the billboard checked for was your Dimension and then tied you to a number.

"HAHA! Number one it is!"

A youth with a boisterous laughter held up his bow proudly. He didn't seem to be from one of the three main families. In fact, he was from a family just beneath the main three and, on the surface, at the same level as Riah's Sage family.

His actions seemed to result in a cascade of events, numerous streams of attacks rushing toward the billboard as many hurried to get their spots.

One number after another began to appear in the sky, each with their own unique Force signatures. It seemed impossible for one person to impersonate another, even when they used the same exact Force.

Orinik's internal sneer only grew fiercer. He could sense many Sixth Dimensional experts trying to squeeze themselves in. Though they masked it by using Fifth Dimensional Force, how could the Void Palace be so easily fooled? By now, dozens had tried, but each time, the billboard treated them like they were thin air.

However… Ganor didn't have such patience. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

At that moment, a sweeping pressure suffocated the arena. Ganor, who had been lazily reclining on a throne-like chair on the ground floor of the arena suddenly allowed his eyes to snap open.

His palm reached out in a certain direction and the shrill scream of a middle-aged man pierced through the ambience of the arena.

Before this middle-aged man could react or even fight back, they found their neck firmly grasped by Ganor's hand.

"Ah… N-no! I'm sorry!"

The middle-aged man could barely squeeze out those words, but the moment they did Ganor clamped down.

Many of those spectating had never seen something so horrible.

A gushing rush of blood shot up from the middle-aged man's neck, his eyes popping out and his face doubling in size before his head imploded.

Blood and gore sprung out in every which direction, but not a single piece seem to land on Ganor at all.

The Galaxy Ranked disciple tossed the corpse to the side and sat back down, yawning and closing his eyes.

Orinik shook his head and sighed. "If you want to keep your lives, I'd advise you stop trying."