Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1161 Constructs

Almost the instant Orinik's words fell, Leonel was bombarded from all sides with a flurry of attacks.

The people of the Luxnix family narrowed their eyes. Too many of them hadn't seen Leonel fight previously and many only caught the tail end of what had happened. However, while news was cut off from the outside, the elites of the Luxnix were very well informed about what had happened that day.

Right this moment, other than maybe Myghell, there wasn't a soul with Luxnix blood who wasn't paying very close attention, and that went doubly so for the members of the Luxnix who happened to be in the same group with Leonel.

Leonel, though, felt as though his mind was working at speeds too fast for the world. For a moment, he just stood there, watching as these attacks charged toward him frame by frame as though it was all in slow motion.

'Hm…'ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Leonel's hands slid into his pockets, his eyes slowly closing.

'Let's try… .'

A strong surge of Dream Force coalesced around Leonel, his foot lightly tapping on the ground and causing a quickly expanding ring of dark gold to form.

BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG!

Leonel was buried. A cascade of never ending attacks drowned his body in a flurry of Force of all kinds. The clashing of opposing and synergizing of like elements made the explosion all the more volatile, the entire center of the arena imploding into a rain of stone, rock and billowing smoke.

However, right at that moment, a mighty roar sounded. It carried with it such a violent momentum that the smoke and dust cleared, shooting out and dispersing in all directions to reveal an enormous, ten meter tall, dark gold bear.

Leonel stood leisurely on his bear construct's shoulders, unmoved and unfazed by what had happened around him. The bombardment of Force sometimes rebounded and was sometimes swallowed by the thick fur and skin of the dark gold bear, even its roar alone caused a rain of arrows to shatter and fly off like broken kites in the sky, leaving those who were left to witness it all speechless.

Leonel looked down at his bear construct. 'Not bad…'

It was quite interesting. Compared to more static defensive Mage Arts, this bear was a bit special. It carried with it the elasticity unique to a living being, making it so that the rebound of attacks was less grating on Leonel. At the same time, its maneuverability in battle was several levels higher as well.

"Aim for him!"

Seeing Leonel standing on the shoulder of such an enormous bear shook many to their core. How could they not recognize the Luxnix Force Art system? But, they had never seen a Luxnix complete such a complex construct so quickly.

That said, they knew the weaknesses of the Luxnix Force Art system. More complex didn't always mean better.

Leonel's bear construct swiped a paw at the air, standing high on its hind legs as another billowing roar left its lips. But, its speed was too slow and many made it through, aiming right for Leonel.

Leonel, though, seemed unmoved by this turn of events, his gaze glowing with a delicate pale violet light.

He let out a slow breath, but the heat that came with it was so scorching that sparks of Fire Force lit in the air.

Those sparks erupted, forming miniature flames about Leonel, all for the high pitched tweeting of birds to pierce the souls of all those who heard it.

In one moment, Leonel was completely unprotected. In the next, dozens of hummingbirds with wings flapping so quickly they left nothing more than a blur in their wake appeared.

They shot forward like guided missiles, piercing through the flurry of attacks aimed for Leonel with a spine tingling precision and burning them up from the inside out.

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

Like kamikaze bombers, they crashed into the stone platform below, causing concentrated blasts of fire to erupt in all directions.

Leonel stood on the shoulder of his bear construct, orchestrating the disaster. He never removed his hands from his pockets. In fact, he hadn't even moved a single inch since the battle began. One after another, he quick cast devastating Arts, causing screams of agony and horror to echo endlessly.

Ysac's pupils constricted. He had already organized several attacks, but none of them worked. Leonel seemed to see and plan out several steps ahead, and his casting speed was so fast that even if by some miracle you caught him off guard, it might not even matter.

'I'll do it myself.'

Ysac's gaze flashed, flipping his palm over to reveal a sleek arrow decorated from tip to tip in a complex array of Runes.

His gaze looked up, his Force surging. Leonel's bear construct stamped a foot down, causing a ripple of earth to surge out in all directions, but Leonel himself remained unmoved.

'Die.'

A blinding streak of silver shot through the skies. In the blink of an eye, it appeared just three meters from the side of Leonel's head. It was so fast that the bear construct couldn't possibly react in time. In fact, it was still stamping its feet, sending young geniuses sprawling and tumbling to the floor.

'… Might be an interesting application of Radiant Force like this…'

Just when it seemed that Leonel would be pierced through, a blinding light appeared on his shoulder. Ysac barely had time to register the fact that this light had taken the shape of a silver bat before a shocking screech forced him to cover his ears.

The bat's sonar sent ripples of concentric circles spiraling through the air, each rippled steadily getting larger.

Ysac's arrow suddenly froze in the air, an astonishing pulse of magnetism stopping its ability to move forward any further.

Then, it shattered completely, crumbling into little pieces as it fell from the sky.

Unfortunately for Ysac, the ripples of sonar didn't stop. The high pitched screech tunneled its way forward, crashing into Ysac in what felt like the blink of an eye.

He thought that he would fly backward upon impact, but what actually happened made his eyes bleed as they reflected despair.

"Ysac!"

BANG!

Ysac imploded, falling in a shower of blood, guts and gore.