Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1164 CRACK!

There was a stunned silence that overcame the Earth region of the arena. However, it was for just a moment. In the next instant, a fiery pillar of rage suddenly erupted.

"YOU BITCH—!"

Milan, Franco, Gil and Raj all charged forward as though they had lost their minds.

Seemingly having expected this result, it was Joel, Arnold, Allan and Drake who leapt forward just a split moment afterward diving for their waists and tackling them down.

The eight immediately ended up in a furious sort of dog pile. But, compared to the warmness such a thing had carried just a day ago, there was something decidedly sad about it this time around. It only seemed to make it worse that in all the commotion of the arena due to Rychard's announcement, the commotion caused by these eight was nothing more than a drop of water into a vast ocean…

No one seemed to notice at all… No one except for Savahn and Yuri, that is.

"Let me go! I held back enough! I'm going to tear them both a new asshole!" Raj raged.

Unfortunately, the clamp Arnold had on Raj was far too strong. He could hardly move and he didn't have the heart to use his ability on his brother. In the end, he could only squirm wildly, his gaze just as red as Isac's had been just hours ago.

Roesia's eyes flickered with confusion. She didn't quite understand what was going on.

She looked toward her grandson, only to see that his eyes were closed. If she didn't know better, she would think that Leonel was having a nap.

It was then that she pieced everything together.

That day when she saw the pain in her grandson's eyes, hidden beneath his coldness and indifference, this Rychard and that Aina had both been present. Could it be that it was related to this? Was that why he had been feeling that way on that day?

Coming to this conclusion, Roesia's gaze also lit with fury. The murderous intent coming from her rose like the tides of a tsunami, threatening to drown the arena out in waves. It would only be a moment before everyone's attention was drawn, but…

Joel, Arnold, Drake and Allan all looked back toward Leonel.

Of Leonel's brothers, there were two divisions. Raj, Milan, Gil and Franco had always been the jokesters. They had their own brand of humor and if there was a joke being made, there was a 90% certainty that it was coming from one of them.

On the other hand, Joel, Arnold, Drake and Allan were far more reserved.

Joel was always the de facto leader of the group when Leonel wasn't present. Drake had meant to be Leonel's successor after he graduated from Royal Blue. Allan had an introverted personality, so much so that he didn't even show off his excellent physique, always wearing baggy clothing. And, Arnold was a man of few words, even when he was communicating with Leonel himself…

And yet, at that moment, they all looked toward Leonel with the same crimson gaze.

So long as Leonel gave the signal, no matter how high the odds were stacked against them, no matter how subtle such a signal was, they would immediately release Raj, Milan, Gil and Franco. In fact, not only would they release them, but they would be right along side them, charging forth.

To them, any slight against Leonel was a slight against them. They had been there before Leonel met Aina. They had been there before Leonel fell for her, before he spent years chasing after her.

He had never shown any interest in any other woman. His admirers could have wrapped around Earth itself, yet he had never bat an eyelash.

They had always believed that Aina wasn't worthy of Leonel. Even when she revealed herself to be a world toppling beauty, she left soon after, leaving a bad taste in all of their mouths. Now, they felt that things had gone too far. They found it difficult even to control themselves at this point.

Leonel's eyes remained closed, his face the picture of serenity.

In his mind, he had once again entered a world of white, a familiar balance standing before him. After everything, it had been perfectly balanced, no one side outweighing the other.

He gazed upon it silently, going through all the memories it held once more. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

His body felt quite light and his mind felt extremely clear. His reflection on these memories made him feel as though he was right back there again, simulating that moment in real time without missing a single detail.

The first day he met her, the first time he realized he liked her, the first time he confessed to her… the second time… the third…

The time they spent in the Joan Zone, their battle against Royal Blue Fort, his rage fueled tirade against the Puppet Master… Those final moments of peace they had together at Variant Heart Mountain… The last time they shared a bed together…

They were memories enough to move a man to tears… Somehow, though, to Leonel, it felt like he was watching the movie of someone else's life.

He reached forward and touched the balance scale, his hand trailing down its frame before landing on the final object that had managed to keep it all even.

It was a delicate, fragmented bracelet. It weighed almost nothing and was useless even to a Third Dimensional existence. It was nothing more than a sentimental ornament, but it weighed so heavily. It was the final strand of hope that Leonel had been holding onto, so much so that his logical mind had given it more weight than even it was worth.

CRACK!

With a light squeeze, Leonel crushed it to powder.

He turned and walked away, the golden-bronze balance crumbling into a pile of ash.

…

In the real world, Leonel opened his eyes. A strong pressure seemed to roll out from him in waves, his mind suddenly feeling extraordinarily free.

He blinked, seeing the gazes of his brothers looking back at him.

"What are you all wrestling for? Take it easy on Milan and Arnold, they still need to fight in a few days."

Leonel laughed lightly, his aura dispelling the tense atmosphere into the wind.