Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1165 Didn't Care

Later that day, Leonel sat in silent meditation. He felt that everything about him was running smoother and faster than it ever had before. He could even feel his Innate Node far more clearly, so clearly, in fact, that he was shocked he hadn't sensed just how special it was before.

His Innate Node wasn't just a source of a special Force, it was more accurately the root of one. If Leonel had to describe it, he would say that an Innate Node was a step beyond a Pure Force Crystal, maybe several steps, even.

What this meant was that an Innate Node wasn't just a store of Force, but it also carried with it the Natural Force Arts one might expect to find in a Pure Force Crystal. The difference was that an Innate Node's Natural Force Arts were not only far more complete, they were far more layered and complex.

Though Leonel had never laid eyes on a Pure Force Crystal, at least not yet, he was absolutely certain of this. The depth of his Innate Force Node was so vast that even he had a hard time believing it. He also came to understand that this was where the difference between himself and Elthor lay.

Elthor had access to a Force on the same level as Scarlet Star Force in Chaotic Particle Force. The difference was that this was Elthor's ability granting him this affinity, whereas Leonel's own was an Innate Node.

Leonel had thought that there wasn't much of a difference originally, just a different rode to the same destination. But, he realized now that there was a world of difference. Elthor would never have access to the same depth of understanding Leonel could gain from his Innate Node.

The world that opened up to Leonel was so large that he was having a hard time deciding where to start.

Just to put matters into perspective, from only a cursory glance and look through, Leonel felt that he could: build a Visualization to aid his path through the Fifth Dimension, build a completely new Magic System, comprehend derivative Forces…

The possibilities were endless. It felt like he had just been handed the blueprint of a vastly more advanced civilization and now he could benefit by piecing together all of its mysteries.

The change was so great that even Leonel was baffled for just a moment. In the past, he couldn't even send his Internal Sight near his Innate Node without it trying to destroy his mind. But, now, he didn't have to risk his mind at all. It was as though his Innate Node was directly speaking to him.

Destruction…

Leonel couldn't have expected that releasing his own baggage would open himself up in this way. It was like the weight of Aina had been a blockage. Or, maybe it was just the act of allowing those feelings to shatter that allowed Leonel to ascend his understanding to a new level.

'Fascinating…'

Leonel wondered, did Myghell have this same ability? Could he naturally feel what Leonel had? Or were there complications with the process?

Leonel wasn't jealous, he was more so curious. Because if one Innate Node could bring him such benefits, what about another?

He already had the Little Mink who could snatch abilities from others. He could use the Silver Tablet to wash away the personalities of those abilities to allow his people to absorb them without backlash. He had the tentacle womb which he already had an evolution path for. If he also began to accumulate Innate Nodes as well…

Leonel's gaze flickered.

Maybe he didn't notice it, or maybe he did. But, he didn't even consider what it would take for him to accumulate these Innate Nodes.

'Hm…'

Leonel raised a palm, his Force flickering and surging.

After forming his Seventh Star, he realized that he had gained the ability to replenish his Innate Node faster. Unfortunately, this was a fairly useless ability since his body couldn't even withstand using his Innate Node to begin with. Let alone draining it, he couldn't even use a single percent of it.

However, now, Leonel realized that his Innate Node was no longer entirely useless to him either.

The Destructive Aura that he had subtly grasped alone made his attacks far more potent than they had been in the past. And, now that his senses toward his Innate Node were even sharper, his Destructive Aura would only grow.

There may very well come a time where Leonel would only have to touch something to make it crumble from the outside, in. His presence alone would cause things to disintegrate.

Though the effect would be lesser than using Scarlet Star Force, it was a good replacement while he focused on getting his body stronger.

…

The current Leonel sat outside, near the pool of the hotel. He was in full view of everyone around him, causing him to be the subject of quite a bit of scrutiny. However, no matter how many times they looked over at him, no one could find anything wrong.

"… Is he really alright?" Milan mumbled.

The eight of them, including Leonel's grandmother, were all furious. In fact, many of those who hadn't known the details previously were furious for Leonel as well. However, with the man himself acting as though nothing had happened, what were they supposed to do, exactly?

"You know Leonel, when he cuts something off, he doesn't even look back." Joel said lightly.

Raj snorted. "Good. It would be embarrassing if I had a harem and Leo didn't. This is the way it should be. He needs at least three wives and twelve concubines, I won't let him stop until he has at least that many. Our boy is about to have an elite fuckboy arc."

The women of the group looked toward Raj with disdain, but they refrained from saying anything since it was clear that he was just sticking up for Leonel.

However, Raj didn't seem ready to let it go.

"What are you all looking at? All you women are the same. How many men are you going to turn into the monsters you complain about before you realize that YOU'RE the problem?!"

Joyce suddenly snapped, her fists lighting with Force.

"Are you trying to fight it out, you sack of shit?!"

"Oh my, I'm so scared!" Raj rolled his eyes. "Come bite me. I can't for the life of me imagine why you're called the fairer sex, you're all little demons in skimpy clothing. You ever think that maybe the reason you're all so attracted to the hard exterior of a man is because you're all just as hard on the inside?

"Come on, come fight me, then. At least in this kind of world you actually stand a chance."𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Joyce was so furious she couldn't even put her anger into words.

Joel and the others felt a headache coming along. They knew the reason Raj was acting like this wasn't just related to Leonel.

At that moment, though, Joel's brows suddenly furrowed, a message entering his ears.

Joel immediately looked up to Leonel. He knew how sharp Leonel's senses were, there was no way he would miss such a thing. However, he didn't react in the slightest. It was either he was distracted by something… Or he simply didn't care.

Considering who it was, Joel had the feeling it was the latter.

"A few of you, come with me." Joel said lightly before going off.