Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1182 Prey

Leonel didn't spend very long looking at the billboard of motes of light. As easily as he had memorized the numbers of everyone, he had also memorized his own group just as quickly. Instead, his mind was still spinning.

Before lifting her curse, Aina's mind was the weakest part of her by far. After she accidentally absorbed his blood during a particularly… rough session, they stumbled upon a cure for her curse. Back then, Aina had chosen to keep a small piece of her curse with her because it was useful for her training. But, by then, everything was already perfectly under control.

Leonel remembered that her mental coercion was so powerful back then that it not only affected him, but she found it difficult to control as well. With such powerful suggestion, even if Aina had been an ugly woman, there would have been lines of men wrapping around several planets waiting to do her bidding. When such mental coercion was fused with her top tier genetics… Well, the results spoke for themselves.

It was actually thanks to Aina that Leonel grasped how to use his King's Might so quickly. That sort of coercive ability on the world was something that he had gotten a front row seat to everyday until Aina finally learned how to control it.

But, even then, the change hadn't been to the point where Aina had overtaken Leonel in matters of the mind. After all, Leonel was at the Peak of the Fifth Dimension in these matters. In fact, he was more accurately at a Pseudo Sixth Dimensional state thanks to awakening his Wisdom Branch so early.

For Aina to be able to sense his Internal Sight so easily…

In order to remain as stealthy as possible, Leonel had chosen to strip his Internal Sight of much of its strength. The reason why he could only tell that people were whispering amongst themselves and muttering, but he couldn't hear exactly what they were saying, was because he had stripped his Internal Sight of that ability to make it less obvious. And yet, she had still sensed it.

Of course, now Aina was well into the Fifth Dimension, the gap between his mind and hers then, versus it now was much smaller. But still…

'This makes things more complicated, but it isn't impossible. She reacted, but her father didn't, that means that her mental coercion and strong mind aren't a shared strength of their Lineage Factor, so it's still possible. In that case, isn't there a perfect opportunity? I'll just wait until she's fighting a battle to make a move…'

"Aina? Is something wrong?"

Savahn's voice snapped Aina awake.

"Hm? No, it's nothing."

"I hope my group isn't too hard," Savahn laughed self-deprecatingly. "They really made it hard with these numbers, I have no way of knowing who I'm matching up against."

Aina smiled. "You're very strong. I think you'll do great."

Aina didn't need to lie, Savahn was, indeed, very powerful. Though far weaker than herself, Savahn was still a talent of Earth. After so long on a Sixth Dimensional world, the amount of potential she had unearthed was astounding.

Plus, Savahn had a great amount of battle prowess because she had already become used to surviving on her own. Aina was very confident in her friend.

…

The billboard flickered once more. This time, choosing the first set of matches. A total of 30 numbers lit up, preparing the crowd for 15 matches at once.

'Oh? Seems like it's my turn already.' Leonel thought to himself.

"I'll be back." He said with a smile.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Leonel's flickered, a small circle of dust being left where he once stood. When he appeared again, he was already on the stage.

BANG!

The stage before Leonel quaked, a heavy set young man landing before him. The stone threatened to crack and it took several moments before the stage itself ceased to move. Anyone else might have directly fallen from the impact, but Leonel's body simply swayed from side to side as though an expertly engineered creation unmoved by natural disasters.

BANG! BANG!

A twin pair of aces slammed against the ground, the low growl of the young man matching the sudden eruption of cheers.

He had entered a state of battle the moment he landed. Like many others, he saw this as an opportunity of a lifetime, one that he had no intention of squandering. He would make sure he squeezed everything he had out of his body.

He wasn't from a family like the Montex, Viola or Luxnix. He wasn't even from a family a step below them like the Sage or the Arundo. However, he had still managed to claw his way here to the second day and he would make his every breath count.

Seeing Leonel's nonchalance, he couldn't help but be disgusted, but it didn't take him off his focus in the slightest. In fact, it only made him more focused, his Force rising up like a tide, steadily flooding throughout his body and crashing against the barriers he himself put up.

He rose up his twin maces, unleashing a mighty roar into the skies before exploding forth.

BANG!

Leonel didn't seem to notice the movement of the young heavy-set man before him. Instead, his head tilted to the side slowly, feeling a strong aura to his left.

Myghell stood in abject silence, his eyes closed and his long hair fluttering in the wind. He seemed completely separate from everything around him, displaced from the world and higher than even the skies above their head.

Leonel smiled. No, it might very well be more accurate to say that he grinned.

The way his head tilted, the way his hands rested in his pockets, even down to the way the dancing wind pressed his clothing to his toned torso and how the shadows outlined his handsome features. It seemed that even with Myghell's disregard and calm, Leonel was a Demon that had found his prey.

[Last chapter for today