Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1187 Man of Energy

Syllar was like a spark of lightning. Among the Luxnix, he was probably one of the only few that cut his hair short and it made him look like a 16 or 17 year old kid, far younger than he truly was.

He appeared on the platform eager to go. But, when he saw that his opponent was actually Leonel, his brows couldn't help but shoot up.

Leonel himself landed on the platform about a minute after Syllar, not having gone all out to reach the stage like his opponent had. However, he greeted the latter with a smile that took him completely off guard.

Syllar was certain that with Leonel's hatred of the Luxnix, a smile would be the last thing he would find. In fact, he was quite certain that he would find exactly the opposite of that. But, to think that Leonel would be looking at him like this.

The truth was that Syllar along with many of the most recent generation were fairly in the dark about the truth of these matters. That said, they weren't completely clueless, mostly because of the oddity of the generations and how things lined up.

Syllar and the other two Arm Heads were technically in the generation of Leonel's mother. They had experienced dozens of years of life and were already pushing toward triple digit ages in another decade or two.

As such, when the commotion had been happening back during those days, they were more than old enough to remember. And, that also meant that of this third generation, the only ones that were of Leonel and Myghell's age who could participate at this level were just the two of them, there was no third individual.

This was to say that Syllar knew that Leonel's name had been stricken from the family records. He was also aware that there was some sort of falling out between Leonel's branch of the family and everyone else. But, he had always assumed that this was because Leonel's mother had ignored the family's wishes and married out.

As for the truth, among the youths, maybe only Myghell was aware. But, that was because the Innate Node was actually within his body.

"… I didn't expect you to be smiling in this situation." Syllar tilted his head to the side as though curiously observing Leonel. The other battles had already begun, but the two of them had yet to move a single inch.

"And what situation is that?" Leonel asked.

"Well, facing an enemy." Syllar was a bit confused by Leonel's response.

"An enemy?" Leonel thought for a moment. "I don't really see it that way."

Syllar's brow rose. "Is that because you beat Elody, so you don't really think of me like a rival? That would be a mistake. You're my junior, so I don't mind giving you a few pointers. In the Dimensional Verse, how powerful you are is sometimes less important than how your abilities match up to someone else. And speed… Happens to match up well against a lot of things."

Syllar's irises flashed with a peculiar light, his muscles flexing and unflexing like they had minds of their own, wiggling about his body as though they were ready to explode.

"No, no." Leonel shook his head. "I don't mean it like that. I just mean that I don't see you all as an enemy. As far as I'm concerned, I'll be leading you all one day, why would I treat you like that when you haven't personally done anything to me?"

Syllar, who was prepared to go, was stunned speechless.

What had he just said? Lead them? Was this guy delusional? FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"Are you… Alright up here?" Syllar pointed to his head. "Do you have any idea how many of them want you dead?"

Leonel's smile became wider. But, for some reason, it felt decidedly cold. Syllar's spine tingled, the tips of his fingers and toes becoming somewhat numb.

"I don't plan on leading them. I plan on killing them."

Syllar's palms flipped over on instinct, one short sword and one dagger appearing, each to a hand. He took a step back, his body growing tight and his pupils flickering with lightning.

All their lives, the Star Order Council had advised them not to go all out. Despite having fought several exchanges with Elody and almost killing him, Leonel still didn't know what the latter's ability was. From start to finish, he had only ever used Luxnix family techniques.

However, after the destruction of the Viola family, there was no need to hide their fangs anymore…. And Syllar had never been more grateful than he was now. For this Leonel before him… He deserved for him to go all out. Because if he didn't… He would definitely suffer.

Leonel's palm flipped over soon after. With his Duality Spear gone, his favorite Quasi Silver Spear was no longer in his arsenal. But, there were still hundreds of others to choose. He was already eyeing a few Quasi Gold Spears he could see in the far off distance, but he wasn't quite strong enough to make it there. So instead, he settled for this.

The temperature began to drop, a frosted blade appearing in Leonel's hands. It looked like a construct of black ice, its blade looking like a jagged abomination from the depths of hell.

The air crackled and popped as the water vapor rapidly cooled. At the same time, a fog of cold and darkness rose from the blade into the air.

Syllar felt his joined freezing up, the fast twitching of his muscles slowing down considerably. His gaze couldn't help but narrow into slits.

"Fine."

His voice lost the childish tone it usually had, dropping by an octave.

"I'll show you my true strength then."

BANG!

An eruption of lightning violently sparked into the surroundings. Syllar's short hair, in that instant, became a river of white gold sparks. The whites of his eyes and his irises vanished, replaced by streaking arcs that split out the side of his eyes.

He became a man of energy. Then, he vanished.