Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1191 Bowmen

Leonel sighed.

He could feel the rage of the young man across from him and considering the bow in his hands and the shape of his features, he could guess why. This young man was probably of the Arundo family and very likely related that Ysac character he had killed previously with a combination of his bat construct and his Radiant Fire Force.

Resonance and vibrations were already dangerous enough on their own, let alone when they were paired with a Force capable of destroying cells down to a molecular level.

Back then, Leonel had only wanted to casually try out what the combination would give him, and the result was devastating for Ysac… To say the least.

Isac had been forced to hold down his rage and fury for days, being held back by even his own family members so he didn't rush out and do something that ruined his future. Though, Isac never expected to be so lucky as to get Leonel in his group.

He slowly pulled the bow from his back, his gaze locked onto Leonel. If something like a simple looked could kill, there was no doubt that maybe Leonel would have died several times over.

Leonel decided against saying anything. Sometimes, this was the best course of action. Often times in life, there was no one in the wrong, and yet… you would have to be on opposing sides regardless.

Seeing the bow in Isac's hands, though, something within Leonel shifted. He couldn't remember ever running into a true bowman yet. In his life, he had never met anyone more accurate or skilled than himself in this respect. He really wanted to see…

Just what kind of strength a family of bowmen could produce.

Leonel's palm flipped over, revealing a sleek black bow. It was quite a beautiful construct, but its Quasi Bronze level had long since become outdated. Even still, it had followed Leonel for several years already. Of all his weapons, this was the one he was probably the most familiar with.

The gazes of the Arundo family flashed with rage when they saw Leonel's actions. They couldn't see into his thoughts, how could they believe that he was doing anything more than mocking them? Leonel had displayed skill in the Luxnix's Force Arts and the spear, but now he wanted to be a bowman too?

But Isac felt completely different. There was something about Leonel's demeanor that shifted when the bow touched his palm. He went from a normal young man to a towering mountain. An invisible pressure pressed downward as though there was no distance that was safe, no defense that was impenetrable.

'Today…' Isac thought to himself, slowly drawing his first arrow and tightening his back. '… Even if I have to give up my life, I will take you down with me.'

TWANG! TSSSSSS!

Two streaking arrows were released at once, each from opposite sides of the arena. At least, that was what it would seem like. However, if one had been paying especially close attention, it would have been just barely perceptible that Leonel had released a fraction of a moment later.

Isac's gaze flickered, numerous calculations being performed in his mind every second. He deduced the ending in a fraction of a moment and released a second arrow and a third.

Leonel took a step to the side. His hands became a blur, mirroring Isac's actions in a single blink.

BANG!

The first two arrows collided, creating a scene that stunned those watching.

They split into four pieces, each one being split in two by the other in an astonishing feat the crowd had simply never seen before. Never had two arrows been so perfectly matched in such a way. But, such a sight didn't even have time to settle in before the second and third volleys met one another.

Leonel's expression flickered, a wide grin spreading across his face.

Isac's second arrow deviated in its path just before it met his own second. Skimming against the side, it threw Leonel's second arrow off course and right in the path of Isac's own third arrow.

In just a breath, Isac used Leonel's second arrow to deviate the path of his own third arrow, forcing Leonel's own third arrow to miss completely.

Leonel's second arrow flew by the right of Isac's head and the third flew by the left of his waist. But, he didn't move a single inch as though he already knew that exactly this would happen.

At the same time, the forced deviation of Isac's third arrow by Leonel's second resulted in both of Isac's arrows flying in a straight line, right for Leonel's head.

For the first time in his life, Leonel had been out maneuvered in a battle a snipers. But, rather than being enraged or saddened, he laughed, a vast violet aura exuding from him without his even noticing.

Leonel was forced to tilt his head to the side to dodge Isac's line of arrows. But, in the split moment of being off balance, Isac had already launched four more arrows, his gaze focused and his mind running on overdrive. He had never felt so focused in his life, so absolutely in control.

This battle. He would win it.

Right when Leonel shifted his head to the side, the first in line second arrow suddenly dipped down, ripping into his shoulder.

A skidding white mark was left on Leonel's skin as the arrow almost drew blood. His mind had been quick enough to pick up on the change, but he hadn't been quick enough to activate his Bronze Runes in that area, causing the white mark that was there now.

But, Isac seemed to have already long since been aware of how strong Leonel's body was, because the third arrow which had been following the trail of the second fell in line perfectly. As though taking the white mark on Leonel's shoulder as a landing strip, it burst with a flood of Force, piercing into Leonel's left shoulder. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

A spray of blood began to fall down Leonel's arm, his grip over his bow turning somewhat weak.

However, there was no chance for rest.

A volley of four arrows was already in the air and it was hard to tell just what sort of unpredictable tricks Isac had hidden within them.