Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1199 Do You?

Leonel's fists fell like a torrential storm. He stood within a cave carved by his own fists, his rage only seeming to become worse with each passing moment.

Leonel couldn't ever remember being this absolutely furious before. Every time he tried to consider why that was, he just couldn't pinpoint it and it fueled his tirade even more.

A violent crimson aura hung around him, suffocating his violet fog. The killing intent was so thick and viscous that even the Sixth Dimensional creatures in the surroundings didn't dare to get close.

BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG!

Blood flew from Leonel's fists and his lips, his body having come nowhere close to healing from Miel's strike. To make matters worse, the mountains of Planet Montex were known for their hardness, even to the point they could grow to a height of piercing into space without faltering.

Yet, Leonel's fists kept wailing, a harsh and grating whistle emitting from them every time he slammed forward.

It was stupid. It was all so stupid.

That was the perfect opportunity to use the spider construct on her father, yet he missed it. She was a warrior maybe even more powerful than himself, yet he had turned her away. Her words had been sincere and even if he didn't care for them, shouldn't he have at least Respected them?

He couldn't think clearly. His mind was covered in a haze and he couldn't line up his beliefs properly. He was absolutely furious, but he didn't even have a target. He simply kept punching the walls of these mountains. His lungs were screaming, his limbs were on fire, and his bones couldn't even properly heal under the strain he was putting them under.

The cave only grew deeper and deeper. Leonel was absolutely relentless and he didn't even seem to show any signs of slowing down.

But while his mind was at one gear, his body was at a completely different one. No matter how much fuel his mind had, his body wasn't in a state where it could keep up.

BANG!

Leonel's mind tried to pull his body along, forcing it to break into Tier 4. But, that was when he rammed into a wall.

His feet faltered, his fist missing the wall before him and his body falling to his knees.

He tried to stand, but it all suddenly hit him like a ton of bricks. Breathing felt like he was swallowing hot coals and his blood rushed through his body like molten metal. He coughed and wheezed, mouthfuls of blood and pieces of flesh coming from his lips.

Leonel's vision swam, but his mind was still in overdrive. After receiving so much rest over the past few days, it had far too much energy. Even if he wanted to pass out, he couldn't do it, let alone the fact he wanted to continue furiously swinging his fists.

It was right at that moment that he suddenly felt a palm touch his back. Even in the state his mind was in, he hadn't been able to sense anything before it approached.

His head snapped backward, but when he saw what was behind him, his mind went completely blank.

It was a woman he had impossibly clear memories of. Those twinkling emerald eyes were all too familiar, filled with warmth and unconditional affection.

The cave Leonel's fists had excavated already traveled more than a hundred meters in, shrouding everything in complete darkness. And yet, her light smile radiated a light of its own.

Alienor kneeled by her son's side, her brows furrowed in worry. She had been fretting over every tiny detail about how she would face her son again, but in the end, her motherly instinct won out. Even if Leonel hated her, she couldn't continue to watch out without doing anything.

Seeing the violent aura around her son and the deep crimson taking over his irises, she couldn't help but react this way.

What she had never expected, though, was for that violent crimson to vanish almost the instant he laid eyes on her, his eyes even watering.

"Mom?"

All the reflexes in the world couldn't have prepared Alienor. She found her son's arms being tightly wound around her, causing her to enter a state of shock for a long while. But soon after, she was on cloud nine.

Not only had her son recognized her instantly, he didn't seem angry in the slightest. There wasn't even a bit of hesitation in him at all.

Alienor wrapped her arms around her son. Feeling the state of his body, she nearly couldn't hold back her own tears.

When it came to how Alienor and Velasco wanted to raise their son, they were practically at two opposite sides of the aisle. Velasco would let Leonel jump into a vat of boiling oil even if he knew it was a mistake. He thought that Leonel needed to grow on his own. Even when it came to the treasures he left behind for Leonel, all of them could only slowly unlock their potential under Leonel's own efforts.

Alienor, though, would lock Leonel away in a safe room with padded cushions for walls if she could have. The treasures she gave Leonel were instantly valuable and far beyond what even most large families would give their children.

If they saw their son in such a state, Velasco would probably force Leonel to heal on his own. Alienor, though, couldn't possibly wait for such a thing and instantly began to use her Snow Force on him.

Miel's influence vanished like a fragrance in the wind, Leonel's body quickly returning to its peak state in just a few breaths of time.

However, his grip on his mother only tightened.

Alienor sighed, rubbing her son's back. Though there was a silence between them, Alienor could feel the heaviness of Leonel's spirit. Alienor might not have been there, but she had still watched her son grow up. She knew well that even when Leonel lost his temper, this wasn't how he reacted.

"Do you regret it?" Alienor finally asked. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m