Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1204 Not Only...

Leonel's fingers glided through the air in a rhythmic motion. As the connection between himself and Little Tolly increased, he was able to exert more and more control without the use of these techniques. However, no matter how strong their connection became, there would never be a method more precise, accurate and fast than this.

Leonel's fingers didn't have the ability to break through the sound barrier of the Sixth Dimension, but this made his control even finer and more controlled. Without having to compensate for the changes caused by vast booms of pressure, Leonel found his skill to have reached another level entirely.

Little Tolly split into dozens of parts, each of which seemed to take turns of their own in listening to Leonel's commands. Ores of all shapes and sizes glided through the air, completely unobstructed by one another.

Leonel's Crafter's Workbench vibrated to the rhythm of his movements. Above each semi spherical well, a new environment was formed. In one section, one might find temperatures as high as the surface of a star of the Third Dimension, in another, it might be barely enough to boil Third Dimensional waters.

The rhythmic tapping of Leonel's foot seemed to control hidden Force Arts within his workbench, his mind tweaking and managing everything to the most perfect degree.

Leonel had done a lot of training with this workbench to make it through his dad's program. But, this was the very first time he had felt the need to use it. It could only be said that he was truly going all out.

**UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Hours ago, just after Leonel vanished in a rage, the arena fell into an odd sort of silence. Maybe the first to speak amongst it all was actually Ganor. But, due to certain matters, the only ones to actually hear him were the envoys of the Void Palace along with Orinik.

"Holy shit. Did you just see what I just saw?" Ganor was absolutely speechless.

Orinik slowly nodded, about to open his mouth when Ganor's next words cut him off.

"He actually turned down such a beauty, what the fuck?! Dameon, use that ability of yours and find out where she went. She's vulnerable, this is the perfect time to pounce. I can't miss this opportunity!"

This time, Orinik couldn't stand it anymore, directly kicking Ganor's Throne. He seemed to use enough strength to shatter it completely, but under some odd sort of martial art, the throne instead vibrated wildly, sending tingling sensations up the elbow Ganor had been leaning on.

"Orinik! Fuck!"

Ganor grabbed onto his elbow, his teeth chattering. Even for a higher Dimensional being, the funny bone was still the funny bone.

"Can you be serious for once? Didn't you see his transformation?!"

Ganor paused after hearing this, falling into silence. Then, after a moment, his eyes widened, his pupils constricting.

He was in the Sixth Dimension. Compared to the memories of lower Dimensional beings, his was on another level, at least for things that occurred acutely. Thinking back to what he had seen, he realized that it did, indeed, warrant his shock.

"The first three doors lay the foundation, they allow one to gain the most basic abilities of the Metal Synergy Lineage Factor.

"The fourth door forms the crown upon the forehead, but it's at most superficial and can't be said to solidify until the Fifth Door. This boosts one's Earth Variant Affinity to great heights and it's the minimum requirement for practicing some of the more core techniques of their family.

"The Sixth Door is where things truly begin to change because the Bronze Runes appear. The cover the skin in lines that travel either straight up and down, or straight left and right.

"In a generation of the Morales, only 1000 would manage to open their Sixth Door in their first try.

"Upon opening the Seventh Door, the Bronze Runes will etch onto the muscles and the inner organs. Only if one opens up to at least the Fifth Door would one have a chance of opening the Seventh Door on their subsequent attempts.

"Upon opening the Eighth Door, the Bronze Runes will etch right into the bones. Its an excruciating process and among the reasons why so few manage to open the Ninth Door on their first attempt. However, even to make it this far, one needs to have opened at least the Sixth Door on their first attempt…

"And then there's the Ninth Door. Upon opening this Door…"

"The halo and the most coveted Innate ability of the Metal Synergy Lineage Factor, Gravity Domain." Ganor said slowly.

"… In order to have a chance at opening the Ninth, one would have to open to at least the Seventh Door on their first attempt. But, even those odds are slim. Only those who open to at least the Eighth on their first attempt might have a decent percentage chance."

Orinik and Ganor let it sink in. They had come to a Sixth Dimensional Sector, only looking for a chance to escape the harsh environment of the Void Palace. That place couldn't be considered a school for cheating the younger generation, it was more like a hellscape where only those who could survive would get respect and those who couldn't would be treated like trash by the side of the road. To make matters worse, after entering the Void Palace, it was impossible to leave casually without certain privileges…

And yet, to think that they would actually stumble upon such an opportunity instead.

If Leonel was a random bastard of the Morales family who just so happened to open the Ninth Door not just once to enter the Fourth Dimension… But twice to enter the Fifth, his price would already be astronomical.

However, they had all seen the violet aura that wafted out from Leonel's halo. It made what should have been his Gravity Domain somewhat different from what it should be in practice. And, if Orinik recalled properly, there was even an odd hint of red in there that carried a violent sort of suppressive aura.

Leonel was not only a talent…

But his Lineage Factor had mutated!