Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1209 Those Words

"The first Lineage Factor after the Snowy Star Owl is the White Stone Elephant, at least I believe this is the translation. It is possible that it could be the White Scaled Elephant.

"Either way, it's a powerful and robust beast. I'm sure you remember the vision you saw when your Snowy Star Owl Lineage Factor first awakened. The sight of a majestic bird flying through the starry skies, crossing galaxies with a single flap of its wings and leaving roads of gold in its wake…

"The White Stone Elephant is no less majestic. It doesn't have the Snowy Star Owl's speed, but for what it lacks in it, it's capable of making up in spades with its looming presence.

"Its body is covered from head to toe in a tough, white, leathery skin that almost appear to be scales at some angles. A singular gem takes the centerpiece of its forehead as home. Its ankles at surrounded by halos of gold and its tusks shimmer like gems."

Wise Star Order seemed to have a way with words, or maybe Leonel's imagination was just too vivid compared to the others thanks to his Dream World. But, regardless of what the truth was, Leonel could almost see the majestic beasts before him, the rings of gold following its slow and methodical steps.

"The White Stone Elephant has three Branches. The Strength Branch. The Healing Branch. The Wisdom Branch. Once again, much like our Snowy Star Owl Lineage Factor, the Healing Branch is considered to be a secondary benefit. But, as you can see, secondary doesn't necessarily mean weak."

Leonel's thoughts sped up, quickly incorporating the information he learned.

In truth, the loss of the Speed Branch was quite devastating to him as it was perfect for countering the weakness of his Metal Body. Though it didn't seem like it now, Leonel's body was actually very heavy. It only became more so thanks to the fact Star Core Ore had become one of his fundamental building blocks.

Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

With his Light Elemental affinity, it was still possible for Leonel to supplement this loss with techniques. But, the innate speed boost his bloodline provided him couldn't be easily replaced on a whim.

That said, an improved Wisdom Branch might be worth the trade off. After all, while Leonel had said his greatest strength was his Innate Node, that was only because it was tangible and not auxiliary. When it came to his greatest strength that didn't directly translate to combat power, that was, without a doubt, his mind and ability.

But, this led to another problem. If he gave up his Snowy Star Owl Lineage factor, what would that mean for his mind? Would it regress as well?

The answer was likely yes… But was the trade off worth it?

Leonel felt like a big problem had been laid at his lap. But, there was no easy answer or fix. Plus… Wasn't this a problem many people would like to have?

"The following Lineage Factor is the Starry Tailed Fox.

"Among the three Lineage Factors we know of, the originator of this one is definitely the most beautiful. A sleek and slender fox with radiant white fur that often appeared silver depending on the angle. Its eyes were like two orbs of endless gold without start, finish, or depths capable of being fathomed.

"Its tails were both ethereal and real, both spiritual and corporeal. Its difficult to pin an exact number on them but at maturity, they were as vast as the starry skies and just as endless. They're the kind of creatures that seem almost too beautiful to be of this world…

"Truthfully, what I know about this beast is far less than what I know about the Snowy Star Owl and the White Stone Elephant. Just gazing upon it made me feel as though my head was being split in two so I am uncertain if I was able to see through to its true abilities, and everything is a bit foggy. I unfortunately don't dare to try again, or what remains of me may very well be forcefully dispersed.

"But, as far as I can tell, there is the Wisdom Branch which makes a reappearance, the Speed Branch, the Healing Branch and there's a fourth Branch that might be called the Spirit Branch or the Star Branch or the Tail Branch… I'm honestly not sure if any of this is correct.

"The only thing I'm certain of is that the Wisdom and Healing Branch seem to be recurring. As for everything else, I have no way of confirming."

Leonel fell into his thoughts. It seemed that this Starry Tailed Fox was more in line with what he needed. If for nothing else, he might have to suffer the regression of the White Stone Elephant just to ensure that he could gain access to the Starry Tailed Fox one day.

In addition, from these conclusions, it seemed that these creatures all shared another similarity. They shared colors of white, silver and gold, while also placing great emphasis on their purity. The images that Wise Star Order described all fell in line with this.

In that case, there was a high likelihood that they were also connected by a string of Light Elemental Force as well. Or, at the very least, Star Elemental Affinity. Regardless, Leonel had a leg up. After all, Scarlet Star Force was a top ten Star Force in existence as well.

"Ancestor Wise Star Order, what Elemental Affinities do these creatures have? And what Dimension are they considered to be in?"

"Ah, excellent question. Seems I've gone a bit senile and forgot something so important.

"All of these creatures seem to have a Light and Star Elemental Affinity, that is the thread that connects them. The White Stone Elephant uses a Force known as Gem Force. The Starry Tailed Fox uses a Force known as Spirit or Ethereal Force, I'm not sure which is the name. It might be neither of those. I am certain that it is a Light-Star Elemental fusion Force, though.

"As for their Dimensions, the White Stone Elephant is Seventh Dimensional, and the Starry Tailed Fox is to the Seventh Dimension what the Snowy Star Owl is to the Sixth Dimension… It is considered to be at the very pinnacle. It has almost no opponents at its level."

Leonel's gaze sharpened. This alone was enough for him to take the risk. A Lineage Factor at the pinnacle of the Seventh Dimension, the very same as the Morales family, would be endlessly beneficial to him.

However, what Wise Star Order said next surprised Leonel even more.

"… It's just a feeling this old man has, but I believe that the Starry Tailed Fox isn't the last… It's just that this Bronze Tablet doesn't have anything beyond it to offer.

"Also, I have to warn you. For every shade of blossoming light that the Starry Star Owl, White Stone Elephant and Starry Tailed Fox represent, I have also sensed a dark counterpart that can't be reached with this Tablet either…"

Leonel's gaze narrowed when he heard this, his mind drifting to those words once again…

'A union of Light and Darkness will reveal the Twelve Pointed Star.'