Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1210 Reason?

If Myghell could feel the uniqueness of the auras on the characters, Leonel could definitely do so as well. But, as many potential meanings as Myghell could think of, Leonel could think of a hundred times more. This wasn't just because Leonel's mind was faster than Myghell's, but it was also because Leonel's scope of knowledge was beyond Myghell's in this regard as well.

From Myghell's perspective, he was likely completely unaware that other potential tablets existed.

If you approached this from the perspective that this was the one and only Tablet there was, then how would you view things? You would probably believe that any and everything written on the Tablet could be accomplished by it and it alone, right?

From Myghell's perspective, he could probably sense the 'Shadows' Wise Star Order mentioned as well. However, he probably believed that the reason he couldn't see them clearly was because he was the 'Light'. As such, if he wanted to learn more about those 'Shadows', he would need to find 'Darkness' to meditate upon the tablet. Then, their 'Union' would result in something more powerful than the individual sum of their parts.

This was probably why Myghell felt it was more likely that this 'Union' involved marriage or, at the very least, copulation. Though he could think of other possibilities, this was the one that made the most sense given the understanding he had and the scope of his knowledge.

Truthfully, no one could blame him for reaching that conclusion.

But, for Leonel, who had a Silver Tablet in his possession, and was even aware that there was potentially a second Bronze Tablet in the hands of Aina's father, his perspective was different. If you add in Wise Star Order supplementing Leonel with his knowledge, then Leonel's view was even broader than it was originally.

'With this like this, the hypothesis that has the highest odds at 68% is that there are two sets of Tablets. One set allows one to grasp the 'Darkness' Lineage Factors and the other set allows one to grasp these 'Light' Lineage Factors.

'In that case, the odds that it this refers to Aina, at least for now, is nearly zero. Aina gained a Darkness Affinity from her Abyssal Panther Bloodline. But, firstly, that's only a Fifth Dimensional creature, not enough to be a Shadow to the Snowy Star Owl. And, secondly, I would assume that she would need to meditate upon the Twin Tablet to this one to gain whatever Lineage Factor is on the other side, something I don't believe she has done…

'With Aina's abilities to ingest Bloodlines, though, it's not impossible that she could fit the description in the future. Unfortunately, I don't know if I'll be able to keep an eye on that anymore or not…'

Leonel shook his head. His hot head had gotten in the way. He really shouldn't have snapped like that.

'Still, even if I think I've understood the mystery of this Tablet well enough, what about my Silver Tablet? And what about Aina's father's Bronze Tablet? What are these Tablets? Are they all just stores of power and Lineage Factors? But my Tablet doesn't have a Lineage Factor hidden with it like this one does…

'Is it that I need to find the Bronze Tablet counterpart to my own Silver Tablet so that I can start at the beginning? After all, if there needs to be an exchange from start to end like it is here, then maybe the hidden Lineage Factor in mine won't appear until I do…

'Does that mean Aina's father has a Lineage Factor bestowed by his own?'

Leonel's head spun with all sorts of thoughts but he couldn't seem to come up with a conclusion. He only had two data points, and yet he was trying to extrapolate. It was a recipe for disaster.

Leonel shook his head. Speculating on matters he had so little information about was nothing more than a waste of time. Instead, he preferred to ask Wise Star Order the question he had held back from asking until this moment.

"Ancestor Wise Star Order, when you chose to tether your soul here, what purpose did you have for it? Was it really just to pass on this knowledge to me?"

The question was an obvious one, at least to Leonel. He didn't get lost in the fantastical nature of the world that was opening up wider and wider to him. Rather, he was able to see the obvious flaw sitting right before him.

Earlier, Wise Star Order had implied that Myghell had already shed his Lineage Factor before. This meant that by now, Myghell, at the very least, had the White Stone Elephant bloodline at his beck and call.

Logically, this meant even if he didn't understand things to the detail that Wise Star Order described, he had still figured out enough to understand how to improve and upgrade himself. The rest of this were things that Leonel could have learned himself, especially since his perspective on these matters was even wider than Wise Star Order.

Wise Star Order could only speculate that there were more Tablets elsewhere. But, he had no idea that there were Tablets completely unrelated to the one that right here. So long as Myghell gained the Starry Tailed Fox's Lineage Factor, he too would be able to conclude that there was more still waiting for him elsewhere.

This was all to say… Neither Leonel nor Myghell needed these matters explained to them. At best, Wise Star Order had secluded himself here, torturing himself for what was probably hundreds of years, and for what, exactly…?

To make sure his juniors grasped knowledge they would have anyway a few years earlier?

Maybe Leonel could be considered a genius to have grasped this so quickly, and maybe someone else would have skipped over this thought a bit too quickly, but as far as he was concerned, it didn't take a genius to see that there was something wrong with this picture.

So he needed to know. Were the intentions of Wise Star Order more secretive and sinister than it seemed? Or was there another reason?UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m