Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1212 Soul

Leonel had already memorized the known Ability Indexes. So, he didn't really need the dictionary to explain anything more to him.

Seed. Root. Form. Manipulation. Immortality.

Even if he hadn't memorized these five titles, just by the fact that Wise Star Order was in Tier 5 to begin with was shocking enough. There was only one group of people who could enter the fifth tier…

Savants.

Leonel had to say that the creator of these Tablets surely chose well. There probably was no better choice for a Title like Wise Star Order than a Savant with a soul ability.

Leonel felt like this was a great opportunity, he really wanted to find out how Savants who hadn't been locked up since their youth functioned. From what it seemed, Wise Star Order was kind and even somewhat pitiable.

However, Leonel was well aware that those who fell on the spectrum Savants normally did were actually very good at falling in line and displaying an outward façade to fool those around them. In fact, if you weren't careful, you would very quickly find yourself being manipulated.

Apparently, though, Leonel didn't realize the irony in his own thoughts.

Someone else would have already fallen into Wise Star Order's rhythm. The moment Leonel felt pity for his Ancestor, it was pretty much over. Wise Star Order most definitely hadn't wasted his years of Immortality. If Leonel also blindly trusted him, what chance did he stand? Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Leonel shook his head. "I wouldn't be surprised if the instances of Northern Star Order appearing in history were fabricated as well. You really thought ahead, just in case a Northern Star Order really did appear one day, you would have a backlog of fake history to rely upon so no one shone light on you.

"But the question still remains... why? With a Savant leading the charge you could have done all of this yourself. What are you here waiting for? It can't be that you really want my body, right?"

Leonel smiled, but for some reason, it didn't seem to travel to his eyes. There was something decidedly cold about the current atmosphere.

"I see." Wise Star Order finally spoke, the slight bubbliness of his words having faded. Stripped down of all its emotion, his voice wasn't exactly cold, but it was just a step away from robotic, as though there wasn't anything particularly human left of him. "So you're a lot like me. It's no wonder my usual act doesn't work."

Wise Star Order took a breath, but it seemed to be a habit rather than a necessity.

"You are a bit too naïve, young one. The Dimensional Verse is far more vast than you can imagine and a single wrong step could bring you ruin. Even being a Savant isn't enough to guarantee anything. Just to get these fools to bide their time for three generations, I had to dedicate an entire lifetime to servitude. And, even then, I needed to kill a few idiots who wanted to ignore my 'prophecy'.

"If it wasn't for the fact that I do indeed need your body, I would prefer to have you as a subordinate. You and I can see the world similarly and I wouldn't have to worry about you doing something foolish."

Leonel chuckled. "You should pick someone else's body. If you try to take mine, your Immortality ability won't be worth much. I hope you choose smarter."

Wise Star Order didn't seem to hear Leonel's words at all and instead sighed.

"If only I wasn't born human. What good is a Soul Manipulation ability if my soul is so weak? What good is being Immortal if my body still rots after a couple centuries?"

"Oh? Are there races with more powerful souls?"

"Of course there are. Do you think I've wasted my years of life? My knowledge of the Dimensional Verse is beyond anything you can imagine. I've even left the Human Domain and traveled to places even those uppity cowards of the Void Palace don't dare to step foot in.

"I've seen a Race of people who are born as nothing but Souls. Their childhood is made up of nothing more than constructing the bodies they need to live in. Their souls are so powerful that each is like their own blazing sun.

"I've seen a Race of people whose infants could kill a Sixth Dimensional expert with a single stomp.

"I've even seen a Race of people that can swallow planets and shit out moons. The humans race is so pathetically weak that I'm almost baffled they still dare to call themselves Emperors and Empresses in this Domain. They're just lucky that this Domain doesn't have an Eighth Dimensional region, or else what peaceful existence they do have would be torn to shreds in an instant.

"But then again, pretty soon, this shitty Human Domain will have one, huh? By then, there'll be no place to hide. I already don't have anymore time to waste in this place. I need this family to grow stronger so I can take those final steps and your body is simply excellent.

"Your mind is robust so I won't have to shave off my own strength as much as I usually do, you have a high Class Innate Node usually only those Elemental Races can form, and it happens to be the perfect Innate Node to speed up my evolution through the five Light Star Beasts. When I have enough strength, I can finally go retrieve the next Tablet from those arrogant Elemental Races and touch upon the final stage of evolution.

"Plus, you're also a Morales. Not worth much in the grand scheme, but in terms of humans, there's no better body to take."

"Oh? You know about the Morales?"

"Of course I do." Leonel could practically hear Wise Star Order's sneer. "Even after I hid the secret of the Tablet away from your grandmother for so many years, that bitch was still progressing too fast. You came at the most convenient time for me to finally stall her growth.

"I never understood why humans placed so much emphasis on their emotions. She could have long since rivaled the greatest experts of the Human Domain by now if she wasn't so soft. However, it's good for me this way. This family can only be led by me."

Leonel suddenly laughed.

"You know, I originally felt quite bad for you. But now… I think it would just be best if you died."