Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1213 Pretending?

Wise Star Order seemed to be stunned for a moment before he chuckled.

"You're still pretending? You're not like everyone else."

Leonel didn't respond, his gaze having turned a frightening cold. But, toward this, Wise Star Order only released his first genuine chuckle. He was truly stunned that Leonel had gotten mad at him.

If Leonel was mad because he caused him to be harmed as a child, that was fine. In fact, Wise Star Order could understand that, he would be mad having been outclassed and manipulated as well. As for the fact that Leonel had quite literally been a baby at the time, Wise Star Order didn't seem to care.

However, Leonel seemed to be enraged by the words Wise Star Order had said about his grandmother.

"To be mad about such a ridiculous thing." Wise Star Order laughed once more. "I'll never understand, I really won't. Forget it, this is nothing more than a waste of my time."

The Tablet glowed and a vague figure emerged from it. It was clear that the reason Leonel hadn't been able to 'see' Wise Star Order earlier was because he had been hiding away in the Tablet. If the Snowy Star Owl's gaze could see through the Tablet so easily, it wouldn't be a Sixth Dimensional creature, in fact, it would have to be maybe the most powerful existence in the Dimensional Verse.

However, without the Tablet's protection, Leonel could see Wise Star Order just fine. And, quite frankly, he looked like nothing one might expect.

He was a man probably even more handsome than Elthor. He exuded a cold aura that could make women swoon and there was an arrogance in his gaze that looked down on the world.

His hair was white and flowing but his gaze was a gentle gold. The individual fibers of his irises layered atop of one another, giving the illusion that one was looking into a nebula lost in the depths of space.

Even Leonel had to admit that this was a beautiful man. Maybe a bit too beautiful. As a child of the Universe, blessed with the right to become a Savant, maybe this was how he should look, though.

Wise Star Order took a step through the air, appearing before Leonel in the blink of an eye. The pressure he exuded was enormous. Just with his soul alone, Leonel could feel a depth he couldn't even begin to fathom.

There was no doubt that Wise Star Order in his current state was most definitely not in the Fifth Dimension. In fact, Leonel had a feeling that he wasn't in the Sixth Dimension either. At a minimum, the soul before him was in the lofty Seventh Dimension, a height that the current Leonel couldn't even grasp toward. The gap was simply enormous.

When Wise Star Order said that his soul was fragile, that was only a matter of relativity. It didn't matter how fragile a Seventh Dimensional soul was. To a Fifth Dimensional being, it might as well have been a God ascended beyond a God.

And yet, Leonel matched his gaze, a depth of cold detachment within them that seemed unmoved and unbothered.

Wise Star Order scanned Leonel from top to bottom. The difference between them was so large that he didn't feel the need to rush. Plus, with how large the gap in their Dimensions was, Leonel was indeed correct, he could read Leonel's mind.

This didn't have much to do with his ability, but was rather a matter of a gap in Dimensions. Reading Leonel was as easy as Leonel could read the pages of a book. This was what a true gap in Dimensions represented, a gap that even Leonel couldn't close.

"Are you confident because of your mother? Your father, maybe? I must say that your father is indeed a man I have to fear. Unfortunately… He isn't here and even he wasn't able to see through the protections of the Tablet. As for your mother, she is powerful enough to eradicate the Luxnix single handedly right now… But she is still within the Sixth Dimension, what threat does she pose to me?"

Wise Star Order said these words and scanned Leonel again. But, nothing about his expression changed except for his smile becoming colder.

"I have over ten million minds, each thinking different thoughts. You only have one to sift through them all. Those are odds I quite like, how about you?" Leonel asked evenly.

Wise Star Order's gaze turned colder. "You overestimate yourself, young one."ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

"If you are so confident, why are you talking so much? Come on and try your luck." Leonel's gaze also became colder.

The entire Sector was focused on a singular arena hundreds of thousands of miles away from this place. The Luxnix estate seemed to be quite calm at this moment as well. No one seemed to be aware that a cold war with a weight beyond anything anyone could imagine was occurring right this moment in an inconspicuous temple.

And then… Wise Star Order smiled brightly, suddenly turning into a beam of light that entered Leonel.

Leonel's gaze flashed, his mind steeling itself and activating. He didn't trust his own reaction speed against a Seventh Dimensional existence. For all he knew, the gap could be so wide that his mind would wipe instantaneously. As such, he set one of his 's to take out the Silver Tablet and activate its personality wiping function the instant Wise Star Order vanished into his body.

It was a moment that occurred in less than a split second. The moment Leonel felt the cool sensation of the Silver Tablet entering his palms, he knew he had won. Without his personality, Wise Star Order's consciousness would be gone, leaving his soul as nothing more than a ball of energy without form.

However, when the tablet flashed and Wise Star Order's soul was targeted, a sudden laughter resonated through Leonel's body.

"Young one, like I told you before, you truly overestimate yourself. Ten million minds? Did you think that this was a feat? Even with a single mind I can have ten million thoughts simultaneously and without effort. Scanning all of your thoughts and organizing which were decoys and which were reality was as easy as breathing. Do you think I was unaware of this trump card of yours?!"

Leonel froze, feeling his body losing control of itself.

Unfortunately, Leonel had made a great mistake.

When Miel erased Aina's personality, he had to wait until she was in a state of absolute vulnerability, her mind had to practically collapse first. Despite being her father and knowing that Aina would probably trust him to do it normally, he still had to take this approach.

Why…?

The answer was simple. The Tablet wasn't omnipotent. It couldn't just rush about erasing the minds of people as it pleased. It needed one's guard lowered to the greatest possible degree.

A Seventh Dimensional expert, two evolutions above Leonel, and completely on guard… Was the exact opposite of the situation Leonel needed.

Leonel's gaze flickered, its coldness fading and a sigh leaving his lips.

It seems that his lack of information had finally caught up to him. There was only so much that could be done through deduction.

His luck had run out.