Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1217 Just Energy?

"Controlling me? It's just a source of energy." Leonel's brow furrowed.

The disdain in Wise Star Order's short silence spoke volumes. However, Leonel waited patiently. After all, it wasn't his soul suffering an infernal hell. Wise Star Order could be as disdainful as he wanted, he didn't care.

"It's not just a source of energy, fool." Wise Star Order no longer held back. Since he had already acknowledged that Leonel was a lot like him, he also understood that there was no point in holding back. Whether or not he was nice with his words didn't matter, Leonel had already decided whether he would care to listen to his proposal or not, everything else was meaningless.

"In the lower Dimensions, energy might just be energy. But, the higher the Dimension, the more energy gains character of its own. Why do you think Universal Force relies on comprehension? Why do you think Artistic Conception can become so powerful? Why is the dividing line between mortality and the God Path the unshackling of the mind and the visualization of the Fifth Dimension?

"Lower Dimensional worlds have no idea where consciousness comes from, they think that it just sprouts up from nowhere. Your Earth is a bit more interesting as it leaned very heavily into science, far better than those primitive Third Dimensional worlds that could barely boil water, but even they were lacking.

"It's not a secret where consciousness comes from, consciousness is birthed from energy.

"The Forces of the Dimensional Verse all represent certain kernels of truth, certain philosophies, and embody certain values. When a living creature is born, they are the result of an amalgamation of these Forces. Life, at its root, is just a random assortment of these vast energies. Who you are as a person is randomly decided by how these energies come together.

"Why is it that Savants have minds that work so much differently from normal individuals? It's because they are so hyper talented in one area that we lose the well roundedness many others have. The result is a fixation on one path and an imbalance in personality that those who can't see the world the way we do find odd and feel a need to fit into a box.

"Every Force in existence as a disposition it slants to. The closer to a True State Force you become, the more the weeds are cut away and the more striking a singular powerful thought remains.

"By now, I'm sure you know exactly what that singular thought for your Scarlet Star Force is…"

Leonel's gaze narrowed.

Destruction.

Leonel's mind began to piece these things together.

So it seemed that when he tried to force the formation of his Tenth Node, feeling that his body was missing something, he had accidentally caused the accelerated growth of his Innate Node. Right now, it was much larger and much more powerful than it should have been.

Wise Star Order had said it would take a hundred years. Leonel didn't know how true or false this was. But, what he did know was that in the grand scheme, a hundred years wasn't a lot of time.

A Sixth Dimensional existence could live for over 500 years without much issue. A Seventh Dimensional existence could experience over 1000 years and live into the several thousands. Leonel wasn't sure about beyond that, but from what it sounded like from Wise Star Order's words, Eighth Dimensional existences were indeed real, and they lived on the order of tens of thousands.

These numbers didn't become outrageously large to Leonel until the Seventh Dimension. There were people back on Earth who could live past 200 years old, so it wasn't too much of a culture shock to him below that. It was just that this wasn't the norm for the rest of the Dimensional Verse.

This aside, saying Leonel had 100 years left was like putting a looming guillotine over his head. If his Scarlet Star Force had as much potential as he thought, maybe only the Pinnacle of the Eighth Dimension could compare.

There was simply no way Leonel could comprehend anything to that depth in such a short time… Those long lifespans weren't just for show, that was how much time it took even the most gifted to reach those levels!

"I see…"

Leonel's gaze sharpened. His feelings about his previous close shave with death practically rolled off his shoulders as though it had never happened. He had already accepted that his luck was a large part of the reason he could stand here today. He wouldn't let his close call force him to waver. In fact, he felt that his mind was firmer and he already wasn't far from Tier 5. He seemed to be blazing through the Fifth Dimension just as fast as he had the Third.

"… I will hear you out in thanks for this information, it's greatly helpful to me. Why should I save you after you tried to kill me instead of waiting until you're weak enough for the Silver Tablet to work on you?"

Leonel wasn't entirely sure how it worked, but what he was sure of was the fact that memory and personality were separate thanks to his experience with Aina. That meant that if he used the Silver Tablet, it shouldn't affect Wise Star Order's memories, theoretically.

However, as for whether this would allow Leonel to absorb them… Leonel had no idea. It was a nice thought, but he wasn't sure if it was a thought he had had from watching too much anime with his dad or if it was feasible.

He also wasn't even sure where he would absorb it. He didn't have a tangible soul with a form like Wise Star Order did. For all he knew, after his personality was erased, Wise Star Order's soul would just slowly dissipate.

It might be more feasible if Wise Star Order used Dream Force, which Leonel had an exceptionally high affinity in. But from what it seemed, Wise Star Order used regular Soul Force. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

There was also the problem of how strong Wise Star Order's soul was. It was definitely far stronger than Leonel's own. Would Leonel's mind implode if he tried to absorb it?

Leonel simply knew too little to act. There were far too many variables.

Realizing this was his chance, Wise Star Order pounced on it.

"I can guide you!"