Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1221 A Show

Leonel and Wise Star Order fell into a full blown back and forth, much to the latter's chagrin. However, there was no escaping it. If he wanted to make his life the smallest bit easier, he had no choice but to follow along with Leonel's wishes.

"… The only way to protect your mind from higher Dimensional beings is by using a higher Dimensional treasure."Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"I don't have a Seventh Dimensional treasure just lying around. If I did, would I have almost died to you? Give me a better answer than that."

"There's no 'better' answer. There's just the answer and nothing else. What do you take me for? I can't just conjure things up out of thin air."

"Can't you just protect my mind for me?"

"Are you an idiot? Seventh Dimensional existences can tell the difference. You want to expose the fact you have a Savant in your head? They'll probably think that you're being controlled by me and they'll kill first and ask questions later."

"What the hell is this? Didn't you say my dad was OP? Wouldn't these Seventh Dimensional old fogies think twice about doing that?"

"OP? What is that supposed to mean."

"It means overpowered."

"Then say as much. Are you slow in the head? You can't say words like you mean them and have to abbreviate things? I swear, every generation gets more foolish than the last. Species are supposed to evolve over time, not the opposite."

"Stop changing the subject, old man. Can't you just stick to the topic?"

"It's not my fault you don't understand simple things. The more powerful your father is, the more trouble that brings you. You think people become strong without making enemies? Even if they don't dare to oppose him openly, if they have good enough grounds to target you they wouldn't hesitate to do so. Something like your mind being taken over by me is more than good enough grounds."

Leonel shook his head. "Just tell me whether I can use my dad's name to scare people or not."

"What is wrong with you?" Wise Star Order was truly speechless.

"You think I was joking about being a second generation wastrel? I've been using my dad's status to break the law since I was in middle school, I have no intention of stopping now. That old man must have known, that's why he hid all of this from me. I have too much catching up to do."

Wise Star Order looked up toward the ceiling and sighed. Why hadn't he realized just how shameless this little bastard was until right this moment? Who the hell said they had law breaking to catch up on? Where was this young man's dignity and moral compass?

If there was any guilt about trying to snatch Leonel's body before, it had all vanished into thin air now. Wise Star Order had a feeling that following this boy around would be far more dangerous than all of his previous adventures combined.

"If you want to get yourself killed, just be sure to release me before that happened. Your father might be able to run rampant in Void Palace as he pleases, but you definitely cannot.

"Having backing only works if it's actually there. And, from what I understand, the Void Palace Selections should still be ongoing right now, and yet you're here. On top of that, there's a Golden Token in your spatial ring already. That means that your mother just handed it to you without you earning it. If you think that that doesn't come with consequences, you have another thing coming."

Leonel chuckled. It really would be his luck to end up like this.

In all the books and anime he had watched, those with backgrounds always had it easy. How is it that he would end up in trouble because he had one? Where was the justice here?

That said, Leonel didn't particularly care. Entering Void Palace was too important. While he hated relying on other people, his parents were an exception, he had been like that since he was young. He wouldn't give most people the time of day, but his mother and his father were two he would accept the kindness of without batting an eyelash…

It was just that his father's 'kindness' had to be taken a bit more forcefully.

"Never mind all of that. I bet the Luxnix have a treasure that fits the bill though, right? Maybe something in your secret stash? I doubt that you've traveled the world for so long and haven't laid your hands on any treasures for yourself."

Wise Star Order's lip twitched as he stared daggers at Leonel. He really wanted to say no, but he could already feel Leonel's soul probing him.

Finally, he spoke through gritted teeth.

"… Yes, I have treasure stores of my own, but there's only one deposit on this planet and the others aren't easy to reach without adequate strength. Also, the one here might be easily accessible, but it's nowhere near as valuable as the other ones."

"What are you so nervous for? I'll only steal from you when the time comes."

Wise Star Order's face stiffened. Was this supposed to be a consolation?

"The question is whether or not this treasure store of yours has what I need or not? If it doesn't, there wouldn't really be much of a point in unearthing it now."

Wise Star Order took a deep breath. "… Yes, it should probably have something that's appropriate for your needs. But, you really don't need it. So long as you can comprehend more of your Innate Node, anyone who tries to get a read on you would see nothing but an endless blackhole."

"Didn't you say some nonsense about how there's no better answer before? Now look at you."

Leonel stood, shaking his head.

"Where are you going?"

"Obviously to your treasure store. How long would it take me to be able to grasp my Innate Node to such a degree?"

"… At least a few years."

"Exactly, now let's go."

Wise Star Order almost felt tears falling from his eyes. Was he really going to spend a lifetime being bullied by a junior like this?

However, Wise Star Order's terrible mood didn't last for long when his face suddenly brightened up.

"Haha! You've been found out! Karma really does exist!"

Leonel's gaze flickered, suddenly feeling several powerful auras converging toward the temple. But then, a lightbulb suddenly snapped to life within him and he grinned wildly.

"What are you laughing for? Come here, Ancestor. Let's put on a show."

Wise Star Order's face warped.