Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1222 Cleared Up

When the Luxnix learned of what happened, they were quite baffled.

About ten minutes after Leonel had passed through the guard and made his way to the temple, the guard in question realized that there was something wrong.

The Star Pendant wasn't something that could be given out casually, and all the times it had been given out had been well documented. There shouldn't have been a situation where a Pendant holder was unknown to him as a guard. In fact, the last time the Pendant was given out was several decades ago due to matters surrounding that incident…

Simply put, no one as young, green or weak as Leonel should have had the Pendant in their possession.

Of course, a member of the older generation could have handed down their Pendant to a junior to make use of this opportunity and there was nothing necessarily wrong with this as it could be used as the receiver pleased… But something about this matter was still nagging at the guard.

For the same logical reasoning as he had concluded previously, he should still know of Leonel. Any descendant prominent enough to be trusted by an elder level character to such a degree should have been wildly known. And, the only one with such cachet that he could think of was Myghell…

But Leonel was obviously not Myghell and Myghell had free reign to enter the temple whenever and for however long he pleased.

It was already too late for the guard to go after Leonel to question him. He was under strict orders to never step foot in that temple. The secret within was something only the highest echelon of the family would be aware of, not even all of the Star Order Council were in the know.

Without a choice, he could only report this matter up and hope that he was being too cautious, or if he was truly in the wrong… That the punishment would be lenient.

Due to these series of roundabout methods, Leonel ended up spending over a half hour with Wise Star Order, only to find himself surrounded the moment he wanted to step out.

However, as shocked as the Luxnix had been that such a faux pas occurred, they were even more so when Leonel strolled out of the front entrance of the temple as though nothing at all had happened.

The temple had two entrances. One from the underground city, and the second was the one Myghell had used the night he fought Aina. This entrance was located deep within the furthest reaches of the Luxnix estate and was the most well protected. All around, there were the homes of Star Order Elders. Even the Patriarch's personal home could only sit at the outer reaches of this location.

So, when several pinnacle Sixth Dimensional existences converged onto their most treasured place, ready to face whatever threat had finally unearthed their deepest secrets, even managing to steal a Star Pendant of their family to complete the final steps, the last thing they expected to see was a young man a fraction of their age walking out with his hands in his pockets.

Even if there had been no one there at all, it would have been easier to accept than the result that lay before them now.

The elders immediately frowned deeply. The reason was obvious. They could sense a dense Luxnix Blood coming from Leonel. With the sharp Internal Sight their Snow Force affinity gave them, this was far too easy to pick up on. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

This sort of density overshadowed even the Arm Heads of this generation. What was going on?

Leonel smiled lightly and scanned the crowd. When he landed on a particular older woman, his brows raised.

"It's you?"

Sparking Star Order's gaze narrowed. Her mind was sharp even in her old age. Plus, the impression Leonel had left on her wasn't too small as he was one of the only two to stand up to her aura. Back then, she hadn't cared enough to properly scan Leonel, but realizing just how dense his blood was, she couldn't help but be off put.

"Sparking Star Order, you know this brat?"

"… He should be a member of the branch families…" Sparking Star Order started slow before her eyes sharpened. "He was invited into the estate by Fluttering Star Order."

The atmosphere of the Elders completely shifted when they heard this. Though Sparking Star Order didn't elaborate, they all jumped to the conclusion together. Was Fluttering Star Order responsible for Leonel entering the Temple? How dare she?!

Sometimes not saying too much was worth more than laying everything on the table. A conclusion reached personally would always be stronger than one fed to you line by line, especially when the person in question was as biased against Fluttering Star Order as she was.

"Wrong."

Leonel's voice shook the elders awake, their auras locking onto him with a greater momentum this time. Obviously, they all believed that Leonel was lying to cover for his benefactor.

"Do you take us for fools?" Sparking Star Order sneered.

"You're wrong." Leonel shook his head.

"You're saying that I'm lying? That Fluttering Star Order didn't invite you here?"

"That's not what I meant," Leonel yawned. He was a bit tired after finishing his second Divine Armor, but he hadn't gotten time to rest since then unfortunately. "I mean to say that I'm not a part of your branch family. I was never a part of your branch family."

Sparking Star Order's gaze narrowed, not really understanding what Leonel was getting at. Very few had connected Fluttering Star Order's actions to the appearance of Leonel that day. And, only one Star Order Elder had appeared, so they weren't all familiar with Leonel's face either.

But, very soon, all of this confusion would be cleared up.

Leonel's gaze sharpened and his disposition shifted, a slight violet hue hanging around him. Something about him exuded a heaviness only matched by a lofty mountain range.

"My name is Leonel Morales."