Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1223 How Dare You?!

The pupils of the elders constricted.

"Ah, you all seem to remember now. Indeed, I was the little baby of back then, the small child you struck from your family records.

"You know, I have to ask. When you all chose to do that, was that because you were all afraid history wouldn't see you as villainous enough, or is there something I was missing?"

Leonel's eyes blinked as though he was truly waiting for an answer. However, there obviously wasn't one coming. The elders continued to stare at him, not quite knowing exactly what words they should be speaking right this moment.

"What are you all wasting time for, kill him." Sparking Star Order growled.

Her cane tapped the ground, sparking flames jetting outward and threatening to swallow everything. The strength she exuded was a striking dichotomy compared to a small and frail body. It was a wonder thatn such a small old lady could say such harsh words and even exude such great strength.

"Wait!" An Elder known as Layered Star Order stopped her.

"What are you doing?"

"You need to think about this. If we really kill him, we really will lose Northern Star Order for good. Plus, back then she was already able to kill Snow Star Order and wipe their entire family line out. Even if she hasn't progressed, she isn't someone we can take lightly and she's already aware of all of our trump cards. You can't just casually kill her grandson because you feel like it."

Sparking Star Order frowned but her brows relaxed not soon afterward.

"How many Northern Star Orders have there been in our history?" Sparking Star Order ask.

Layered Star Order frowned, but still responded. "… 13."

"And how many talents on the level of Myghell has there been in that time?"

Layered Star Order's gaze narrowed. It had to be understood that Myghell's talent was beyond just what was known. There had been a great fanfare around his birth before Leonel overshadowed it, and that was before he gained the root of Leonel's talent.

Toward this, though, Leonel's cold aura couldn't help but dispel as he chuckled.

'See what you did, Ancestor? They think the Northern Star Order title is worthless enough for them to just blatantly ignore because of you.'

Wise Star Order rolled his eyes and ignored Leonel completely. He realized winning a war of words with this brat would cost more than he was willing to give.

To the Star Order Elders, though, Leonel's laughter carried a mocking mirth to it that those with skin much thinner than Sparking Star Order's couldn't quite handle.

Myghell's talent? Even if it was great before gaining Leonel's Innate Node, was it really something to brag about now, especially in front of the person that made it possible?

Of course, they had no idea that Leonel wasn't laughing about that at all. As for the matters related to Myghell's 'talent', he didn't really care, at least he had chosen not to care. If he did, any chance of reconciling with this family would be thrown out of the window. He chose to take satisfaction in forcing them to bow their heads instead.

"Boy, some things in life just aren't fair. Myghell almost died the last time the Innate Node was transplanted. If forced to go through it again, you both might really die this time. The risk isn't worth it.

"In addition, Myghell's base talent cannot be transferred like yours can. The harsh truth is that the current Myghell is far beyond what you would be if you still had your Innate Node and is a far more worthy investment for the family.

"If you want to keep your life, I would advise that you stop overestimating yourself."

Layered Star Order seemed to be a more 'neutral' order, but he felt that Sparking Star Order's words made sense. What was done was done and couldn't be undone. In addition, if things were placed in a vacuum, he wasn't wrong either. Leonel with Scarlet Star Force wasn't worth as much as Myghell with it. That was the reality.

At the same time, Layered Star Order still lived in a fantasy land where all the greatest powers of the Luxnix could come together. If Northern Star Order and Leonel could just fall in line, not to mention Leonel's mother on top of that, their charge into the Seventh Dimension wouldn't' be impeded.

Unfortunately, their Planet Luxnix didn't have Seventh Dimensional potential. They had already cleared all of their Zones and reached the peak of their powers. If they wanted to charge into the Seventh Dimension, they would have to launch an attack on a higher level world. They had to gather as much man power as they could to accomplish this feat.

In response, though, Leonel only chuckled some more. This time, he really was laughing at the elders before him. However, before they could respond this time, he spoke.

"You hear that, Ancestor? They don't like your choice in Successor."

Leonel seemed to speaking to thin air. But, at that moment, the foggy form of Wise Star Order formed before the elders could question it for too long. This time, however, Wise Star Order wasn't his usual handsome self. Instead, he looked like an old man with a foot in the grave, exuding an ancient aura as he looked down upon his disappointing descendants.

'Huh? Does that mean Ancestor made himself look more handsome that he really was?'

Wise Star Order, who could easily read Leonel's thoughts, almost faltered in the sky. He was a lofty existence who had seen the corners of the universe, why would he need to make his soul look more handsome?! What good was a handsome soul without a body?!

He really wanted to strangle this brat to death, but he managed to refrain.

"Three generations… Three generations I asked you all to wait… If I didn't return, would you have burned my Luxnix family down to the ground…?"

The pressure of a Seventh Dimensional being pressed down from above, making the Star Order Elders shudder. Wise Star Order was just an empty display case, but he was a damn good one. Whether it was his aura or the prestige he had built up over generations, the elders no longer dared to take this matter lightly. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"I did so much for the benefit of the family that you've even taken it for granted… I will tell you all the truth, in the history of the Luxnix, there has only been a single Northern Star Order and she was destined to be far more powerful than myself.

"The remaining stories were all fabricated by me so that our enemies would underestimate the weight these titles held, allowing us to lay low. But, instead of cherishing this opportunity to grow as you should, you've begun to infight and are even whittling down the strength of my Luxnix family…

"How dare you?"

A strong gust of wind almost pressed the elders to the ground, the rage of Wise Star Order feeling so tangible that even Leonel almost thought it was real.

'… It is real, you little bastard. I've never suffered such a loss in my life!'