Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1224 Again?

Sparking Star Order's expression wavered, his irises trembling. She had never expected such a thing to happen. Of all the situations she could have thought of, this was by far the one most out of left field.

The remaining elders were all stunned into silence. It was one thing if Wise Star Order was back, but it was another thing entirely for him to be exuding this kind of aura. There was only so much prestige could do for a person without the backing of strength, and there was no greater strength to the Luxnix than the Seventh Dimension.

The truth was that the Luxnix had a few elders primed and ready at the pinnacle of the Sixth Dimension, prepared to breakthrough under the right circumstances. But, none of them had momentum even close to Sparking Star Order and the worst part was that one of them was Leonel's own grandmother.

Just when the elders were stuck, not knowing what to do, a violent, all encompassing aura suddenly descended from the skies.

"Who dares touch my son?!"

Despite the fact that nothing had happened to Leonel, Alienor was already enraged, seemingly sensing the volatile atmosphere and easily picking up on both Wise Star Order's aura and what remained of Sparking Star Order's flames.

BANG!

The valiant and overprotective mother crashed down from the skies above, not even caring to slow her descent. The elders found themselves sprawling backward. The only one who was completely unaffected was Leonel himself as even Wise Star Order found himself been thrown back like a broken ragdoll. It was clear that this wasn't because Leonel was so strong, but rather because Alienor took special care not to harm him.

'Goddammit…'

Wise Star Order questioned his life choices once again as he was sent flying. What sins had he committed to deserve this? Wise Star Order had hardly finished this thought when he instantly thought of dozens, but in expected fashion he completely ignored these thoughts and kept feeling bad for himself.

Alienor rushed to Leonel, scanning him up and down as though the slightest injury might set her off. Toward such a reaction, Leonel could only chuckle a bit bitterly.

'Where were you when my ex girlfriend's dad nearly blasted my head apart like a watermelon?'

Of course, Leonel would never actually say these words to his mother considering the concern in her eyes right now. She had only left him for a few hours, believing him to be completely safe since it was rare for individuals to enter the treasure vault and even if one did, Leonel's presence likely wouldn't be questioned. But who would have thought that Leonel would actually make it all the way here?

After cupping Leonel's cheeks for a third time, Alienor turned a venomous glare toward Wise Star Order who only just managed to readjust himself.

"You finally decided to show yourself?"

Wise Star Order cleared his throat, looking toward Alienor with an incredulous expression. What was this woman going on about?

"Don't try to play ignorant with me, what did you do to my son? I swear if you harmed one hair on his head I'll make sure that you spend the rest of your life in a fiery pit of hell."

Wise Star Order looked toward Leonel, but the latter had rolled his lips over one another, holding back his laugh with as much skill as he could muster.

If Alienor found out how close Leonel had been to death to just now, Wise Star Order really might be finished. Objectively, the reality wasn't all that funny, it almost cost Leonel his life. But, even the most terrible things could be amusing in retrospect.

This scene was the equivalent of watching a little girl reprimand her grandfather, except ten times better. How could Leonel not sit back and watch?

Plus, it was in Leonel's best interest that his mother didn't over worry about this matter. Wise Star Order was far more useful with him than he was dead. He had a feeling that his speed of improvement would shoot up like a rocket with this schemer by his side.

"I…"

"I what? You think we weren't aware that someone was tampering with historical records? My view of the Dimensional Verse might still have been shallow at the time, but my husband's scope is far larger. If talent on the level of my mother appeared all throughout Luxnix history, there would be no Viola or Montex, and the Luxnix would have entered the Seventh Dimension long ago.

"And don't give me bullshit about you doing it for the sake of the family. We're all adults here. So I'll ask you one more time. What did you do to my son?!"

"Ah…"

Wise Star Order was speechless.

Velasco indeed had a deep understanding of the Dimensional Verse and where talents could fall on a spectrum. After meeting his mother-in-law, he was skeptical that Northern Star Orders had appeared 13 times in their history, so he immediately felt that something was wrong.

Unfortunately, Wise Star Order had been correct. Even Velasco had no ability to see through the Bronze Tablet, so he didn't find Wise Star Order's soul. That said, he still had his suspicions. Still, there was little more he could do than warn his wife and leave behind a failsafe measure.

Alienor lost her patience, her emerald irises glowing like two green flames.

Her palm flipped over, a necklace appearing in her hands. Its chain was squeezed between her palm, its pendant dangling in the air before giving off a radiant light.

Wise Star Order released a screech. Almost instantly, his body warped, returning to his originally handsome form that left him writhing in pain.

But, what was most shocking was that within Leonel's Ethereal Glabella, a second screech resounded and was forcefully ejected from Leonel's forehead. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Leonel watched on, shaking his head. This sight left him without words.

'Son of a bitch… the old bastard almost conned me again…'