Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1228 Violet and Red

The days passed and the oddity of the second day's of the Selections ended just as oddly with many having not a single clue how things could proceed like this with so many talents absent. However, Orinik and Ganor continued things as though nothing had happened. They simply didn't care. If these people didn't want to participate, it was their loss.

This was the Void Palace they were talking about, the strongest organization of the Human Domain and the location where all of its talents converged. From the beginning, they weren't worried about the talents of this Sector very much to begin with. In fact, now that Orinik thought about it, it was quite baffling that that woman would come to oversee things here. Usually, such a high ranked disciple would never come to such a weak Domain as it was unnecessary. At best, they would usually bring a higher ranked Galaxy Ranked disciple along, but that was all.

Orinik didn't think very much about this, though. Despite his usually meticulous and thoughtful disposition, in the years of time he had spent in the Void Palace, with so many young nobles with outstanding backgrounds and greater talent than himself around him, he had learned to not ask questions and mind his own business.

In the end, when the third day arrives and many had questions about just what was happening, Orinik didn't care enough to explain things. He simply focused on his task and prepared things as he should, taking with him a list of those he thought deserved to participate.

However, he didn't realize just how odd this coming day would be. And maybe odd wasn't enough to describe it.

…

Leonel woke up with a groan, feeling as though his head might implode. It wasn't until after he used Dream Sense and dulled it considerably that he finally seemed capable of seeing straight once again. But, even then, that just gave him a clearer view of the sun shining down at him as though it was some sort of canon of light.

'… No more alcohol… Never again…'

Leonel had only just barely woken up when he heard a sputter of laughter. He still hadn't gotten control of all of his faculties, so he assumed he had made a mistake, but when he tried to move, he heard it again.

"Don't wake up the love birds, how could you be so inconsiderate?"

"He woke up on his own, just look at them. It's like a match made in heaven."

"I think I'm feeling a little bit jealous. Why hasn't Cap ever cuddled with me like that?"

"His arms wouldn't be able to fit around your fat gut, aren't you asking for too much?"Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Leonel blinked, not quite understanding what was happening. All he could feel was that burning light in his eye and his mind was working at least tens of times slower than it normally did.

Soon, though, he managed to blink enough that he could get a semblance of a look around. His head tilted and he managed to catch a few silhouettes standing nearby.

Suddenly, Leonel heard a light groan and felt a shifting in his arms. At that moment, he froze, thinking the worst. He had been so numb to everything that he hadn't even noticed that there was something in his arms.

When he looked down, his breath got caught in his throat.

"I can't! I can't!"

The wheezing laughter broke out like waters rushing through a crack in a dam. The silouhettes fell over in Leonel's eyes, tripping and holding onto one another as they practically hacked up their lungs.

"Someone tell me you got a picture."

"I took at least a hundred, but I need more. That dazed look is too perfect, they really look like they're in love."

"Send it to me, I need it on a T-Shirt, I'm never going to forget this moment."

"I knew Cap never drank because he'd be a terrible drunk, but I didn't expect this out of Joel too. I'm wheezing, I can't breathe."

Leonel's lip twitched. The 'thing' in his arms was precisely Joel. The two were coiled on top of one another as though they couldn't bear to let go. The greatest shame was that Joel was still asleep and Leonel couldn't even extricate himself quickly.

'Dammit, weren't you supposed to be the drinking veteran? How'd you let this happen?'

"It's too much! My stomach hurts, I think I'm gonna die laughing! I've never seen Cap's face so red!"

"Don't worry, Leo. Violet and red is a pretty good combination, you look good."

"I'm 100% supportive. Women are too complicated anyway, this is a marriage I can get behind."

"I better be the best man. Let's get purple and red suits to commemorate this day."

"You? Best man? No one wants to hear whatever cringe speech you'd come up with, I definitely need that."

"Fuck you, and you're eloquent now?"

"Guys, guys. There's two of them. You can both be best men."

Another chorus of laughter rang out.

What was maybe the worst was that even the three Leonel trusted the most had let him down. Arnold, Drake and Allan had lost their way, corrupted by the machinations of Raj, Gil, Milan and Franco.

Arnold's face seemed just as stoic as ever, but the amusement in his gaze wasn't something Leonel would miss. Drake had long since covered his mouth, trying to hide his smile. As for Allan, he kept adjusting his glasses as though that would hide the twitching of his lips.

Leonel realized at this moment that he'd never be able to live this down.

'No more alcohol. Never again. I swear.'

He searched for tears to shed but had none to give. The worst part was that according to his simulation, this was because the alcohol had completely dried him out.

At that moment, Joel groaned and shifted in his sleep. But, he still hadn't woken up so he just snuggled tighter into Leonel's arms before smiling contentedly.

"Pft…. HAHAHAHAHAHA!"