Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Under Hutch's rain of questions, Leonel could only smile and take it. Compared to this old man, he wasn't nearly as passionate about football, but he didn't mind talking about the game he devoted so much of his life to. Even compared to the old man who seemed to have dedicated his whole retirement to the sport, he was several levels above.

"… Aiya, I has hoped to one day become a coach, but it seems that my knowledge is still too lacking. As expected, as expected."

Leonel's lip twitched. How would a rebel become a coach, exactly? He'd be lucky if the Empire didn't point all their weapons toward him the moment he even stepped foot into one of their provinces.

However, Hutch seemed completely unaware of his status. Or, maybe he was just so free and unrestrained that he dared to do anything. He was quite an adorable old man, Leonel couldn't help but take a liking to him.

Of course, Leonel had no idea about his past. If others knew he was calling Hacker Hutch adorable, the weird gazes he received would probably drown him in embarrassment.

"Ai, look at me, rambling on and on. You came here for the check-in, right? No problem, no problem. Just have your leader come forward."

Leonel smiled and turned toward Damian. But, his expression turned a bit weird when he saw just how pale Damian's face was. Was there a need to react like this? It can't be that Damian was a fan as well, right?

After a while, Damian realized that he should probably pull himself together. If he made Hacker Hutch wait, who knew if this old man wouldn't hack him to pieces next.

He cleared his throat with maybe too much strength before stepping forward.

"Yes, your honorable. We're here for our biannual check-in. I've already prepared the report, please take a look."

How could he dare to call Hacker Hutch by his name? Let alone the fact he didn't know if the old man was fond of his nickname or not.

Damian respectfully handed a file over. If one opened it up, one wouldn't find words at all. Rather, it was all written in a special kind of braille that was almost imperceptible to the eye. This 'braille' was a special language that only the computers of the Slayer Legion could understand. This allowed the process to be expedited and also kept confidential.

However, what shocked Damian was that instead of feeding the files into the computer like one was supposed to, Hutch actually began to… read it? What the hell was going on?

"Hm? Why don't I see anything about Morales on here?"

Damian's eyes widened. It can't be that the old man actually read it, right? That's impossible! Let alone the fact it was hard to even see the braille, each file was encoded. The possible combinations couldn't even be counted in the trillions. How was this even possible?

"… He is a new recruit. Actually, we were planning on registering him today as well."

"Oh? So it's like this? Alright. I'll register him beneath my Fleet, then."

Once more, Damian was struck speechless. But, before he could refute, the old man had agilely leapt over the counter and grabbed Leonel's shoulder. Leonel couldn't even react before he felt an undeniable strength take hold of his body.

"Your body is pretty good, Morales. Didn't expect that. Let's go."

Like a little boat in a storm, Leonel could only helplessly disappear behind the counter, Hutch's hand latching onto his shoulder like a clamp.

Damian, the catwoman, and the others watched on without knowing how to react.

"… Lieutenant, what just happened…?"

Damian cleared his throat. "I hope that kid doesn't blame me. This really isn't my fault at all."

Damian knew that Leonel didn't want to get tied up with the Slayer Legion, he only wanted to partner up with them for a moment. However, the attack of a Fort was too large of an operation. After all, there were only eight such structures on the Ascension Continent.

If Damian were to report such a campaign during the next check-in but be unable to provide a proper accounting for Leonel, it would lead to some problems.

Think for a moment if there was a lieutenant who suddenly succeeded in something grand, but the members of his team were very obviously unable to accomplish such a thing alone. Wouldn't this raise suspicions? What if this was a scheme set up by the Empire to give one of their spies more merits?

In that case, Damian had no choice but to get Leonel properly vetted, or else instead of gaining from this expedition, he might lose out terribly instead and even be labeled as a potential traitor.

Leonel understood this as well, which was why he didn't fight against coming here even though he knew it wasn't the safest choice. But, he could have never expected that he would be abducted by a madman in such a way. Why was he so unlucky?

If Hutch was a normal man, everything would be fine. It wouldn't be a big deal. But, a Supreme held a completely different connotation.

The 'Fleet' Hutch mentioned was the largest denomination within the Slayer Legion. Only a Supreme could head a Fleet and there were only four Fleets in the Legion. Being personally pulled into a Fleet like this was practically like dragging Leonel into quicksand.

Damian could imagine how bitter Leonel would be. He went from only partnering with the Slayer Legion to suddenly being hounded by one of their highest ranking members. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

But, there was another problem here. If Hutch was in this place, it meant that he should have long since retired. He didn't head a Fleet anymore, so how would he pull someone in?

Who would have known that a day later, a certain bit of news would rock the Slayer Legion?

Supreme Mighelle, after only ten years in the position, abdicated.

This alone would have been shocking enough had others not gossiped about seeing him walking out from his headquarters with swollen lips and a forehead several sizes larger than it had been just that morning.