Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1236 lmpossible

Leonel could feel the Artistic Conception behind Myghell's strike just as clearly as he could see the scythe of Force blazing toward him. It was as though something about Myghell's comprehension had a breath of life of its own, whispering into the ears of all who saw it. Of course, this wasn't out of the kindness of its heart. Rather, it was due to an inborn arrogance, the kind that refused to allow itself to be unknown and ignored.

The roar of Force was deafening and as everything else fell to darkness, it was the one and only source of light.

Leonel's lip couldn't help but curl. Faced with such an unbridled haughtiness, the hidden foundation of his own persona that silently fueled his every action and thought seemed to have been stirred. For Myghell to make it seem like he was the only source of light in this world before him…

How arrogant could you get?

'Kinetic Domain.'

Leonel's hair whipped about wildly, its short strands moving about like they had minds of their own. The dense violet aura around him only grew denser, the subtle purple color of his barriers thickening to the point it was almost impossible to see anything other than the outline of Leonel's figure through them.

The Force in the surroundings seemed to have been quelled beneath Leonel's forcefulness, but the gap was simply too large. Kinetic Domain was built on the foundation of a Quasi Silver Spear, making it a half step from the Sixth Dimension. However, the Universal Force Myghell was using was fueled by a Sixth Dimensional comprehension. The difference was enormous. But…

Leonel was also ready for this.

Myghell's weakened by as much as 20%, this energy being snatched away by Leonel.

With a single stomp forward, Leonel's figure forced the arena to quake. The four pillars that surrounded him only glowed with a fiercer light, so brightly, in fact, that they seemed to blend into one, making it go almost completely unnoticed when two of them vanished from thin air.

Leonel took another heavy stomp forward, his legs crossing the violet barrier before him but his figure so shrouded by light that it was only possible to notice with exceptional Internal Sight. But, even then, the trouble was that any attempt to do so felt like throwing a rock into an ocean.

With Leonel's greater comprehension of Internal Sight thanks to his study of the Luxnix's manipulation techniques, he had a deeper appreciation for exactly what it was… Ultimately, Internal Sight was just an outward projection of Soul Force, and even more fundamentally, was just a blanket of energy. In that case, why wouldn't his Kinetic Domain swallow it up as well?

All anyone could see to focus on was the collision of two blinding lights. So, when they suddenly found Leonel appearing just a single meter away from Myghell's figure, his spear raised high in the air and his Force having reached its peak, their eyes couldn't help but widen.

Myghell had only just unleashed a powerful strike it seemed to have taken a few seconds for him to cast, it was impossible to prepare a defense so quickly. Also, they couldn't wrap their heads around just how Leonel had done it, teleporting past such an attack wasn't child's play. If that was possible, Space Force would be ranked even higher than it was and those that wielded it would be invincible.

The more Force density an environment has, the more difficult it is to use Space Force. Even the likes of the Radix family, far inferior to Myghell and the Luxnix, were able to take advantage of this principle to make Leonel's teleportation abilities useless.

The higher the quality of the Force, the more difficult it became. In addition, the more volatile and unpredictable the Force, the greater the unpredictability of teleportation as well.

This was all to say that when Myghell prepared an attack with Sixth Dimensional strength like he just had, teleporting even in the general vicinity should have been almost impossible, especially for a Fifth Dimensional existence like Leonel.

But, the fact Leonel had not only done so, but he had even teleported directly through the line of attack, appearing right in front of Myghell…

It was a feat extraordinary to a degree that was almost impossible to describe.

However, what happened next was somehow even more baffling.

Myghell's gaze narrowed, his free hand already gathering his odd white-gold gem-like Force again. But, he had only just began when his pupils constricted, the hairs on the back of his neck rising.

Under the astonished eyes of the public, two blinding pillars rose to Myghell's back, their violet barrier twinkling for just a moment. In that instant, Myghell's attack collided with Leonel's other barrier, the sound of space whining and groaning feeling like a fork scraping against the bottom of a pot.

BANG!

The barrier shattered. But, Myghell's blade Force had also vanished into thin air… For all but a single moment. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

A second BANG! resounded. This one, however, was right behind Myghell.

To his front, Leonel's spear descended, the coldness in the latter's eyes carrying with it an intent that wouldn't be denied, the kind of intent that seemed to match and then overshadow Myghell's own as though it had had its dignity challenged.

To his back, an attack of his own design assaulted him. It had dimmed considerably from the first time he had levied it, but that didn't seem to matter given the situation. He had just deployed his Force, he couldn't do so again so quickly and easily and any attack he did form would be far too flimsy.

Leonel's spear fell, fueled by a portion of Myghell's own strength. His calculation was perfect and without flaw, even down to the landing location of Myghell's own strike. He would end this right here.

BANG! BANG!

The cacophonic booms of the landed attack resonated throughout the arena, its entire foundation sinking down by what felt like an entire meter.