Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1237 Woken

The experts in the crowd found their hearts skipping a beat.

Redirecting attacks using Space Force, teleporting them through space and changing their trajectory was so by far and away more difficult than simply teleporting through volatile Force that it could only be labeled as impossible. Being able to perfectly reflect attacks, even, was so difficult that it took one being a Savant like Candle to be able to do it!

Leonel had redirected attacks before against the oceanic beasts of Earth. But, they had been so much weaker than him to begin with that the two feats couldn't even be compared. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

If a Sixth Dimensional expert wanted to reflect the attack of a Fifth Dimensional one, it was a matter of a wave of a palm. They were essentially a God to a mortal to begin with. However, doing so with an attack at, or even worse… Above your level like Leonel had was so unfathomable that if it wasn't for the resonating booms, the entire arena would have fallen into complete silence.

The expressions of those of the Luxnix were incredibly ugly.

The truth was that after seeing Alienor's strength, they realized just how ignorant they had been. They had all been aware that she was still within the Sixth Dimension, so they never thought too much of her strength.

This wasn't too surprising. Earth had only completed its Metamorphosis about five years ago so when Alienor blossomed to her true strength, the Luxnix had already concluded what they believed her limits were and had no idea just how vastly she had improved. They had no idea how large the gap between two individuals of the same Dimension could be.

It only made matters worse that Wise Star Order, their most respected Ancestor, had chosen Leonel's side to begin with and now even seemed to have been enslaved by Roesia's branch of the family.

The Starry Order Elders of the family already understood that they had lost this battle, but it was hard to just shift their mentalities after decades of placing their hope in just one young man. Many of them still hoped that Myghell would win, even if it wasn't logical, they were human, after all.

Seeing such a scene before them, it was difficult to accept.

But maybe luckily for them, they weren't the only ones with a frown on their faces at this moment… Because oddly enough, Leonel himself was among them.

Leonel held onto his spear firmly, it bowing beneath his strength. Compared to its usual Black Ice form, it was currently smoldering and filled with an unbridled heat that scorched even the air. But, it was also precisely because of this that the fog and plumes of smoke took so long to clear. And when it did… Leonel's gaze couldn't help but narrow further.

Just about ten meters away from Leonel, Myghell seemed to be in a sorry state. His untouched robes had been torn to shreds, leaving barely enough to cover his decency. However… That was all.

Myghell's skin shimmered like it was carved of crystal. There was a hint of blood at the corner of his lips and several cracks across his body, but he still rose slowly from the ground, a light cough leaving him.

The haughtiness between his brows seemed to have undergone an evolution. It was so pronounced and clear that it almost felt like one was looking at a completely different person. From indifferent, standoffish and cold, Myghell was only a blinding chain of precious metals away from looking every bit the part of a lifelong gangster.

Myghell ripped the top of his robes away from himself, spitting out the mouthful of blood that was accumulating on his tongue. The cracks that ran along his toned body slowly fused and vanished one by one, the thumping of his heart suddenly treating his body like an instrument to project outward.

The beating resonated with the crystal that coated him, vibrating his body to a special frequency that pulled at the heart.

Leonel could see at a glance that Myghell wasn't just arrogant, he was also a bit of a madman who happened to also be extraordinarily hard working. Not everyone could just swallow metals and end up with a physique like Leonel's, especially for Myghell who was born with the Snowy Star Owl Lineage Factor that wasn't known for its robust body to begin with.

Every line of muscle, every inch of definition, every outlined striation and pulsing vein, was the result of his own meticulous work. And it seemed that Leonel had finally knocked him awake.

Myghell rose his palms to his hair, running his fingers through it and slicking it back. His actions were slow and didn't seem very special, but the oppressive aura he was giving off only seemed to grow as the thumping of his heart grew louder and louder.

By a certain point, it no longer sounded like the steady beat of an organ but had rather become a thrumming war drum, the gems that coated his body becoming thicker and thicker.

Myghell threw a glance toward his thin sword. It had fallen a pace before him and was so deeply entrenched into the ground that only the hilt was visible.

With a wave of his palm, the sword flew to Myghell's hand. One would have thought that he had done so for the purpose of battle, but what he actually used it for was nothing short of jarring.

Myghell gazed at the sword for a moment, raising it up to eye level as though he was trying to inspect every detail…

And then his mouth suddenly opened wide. His canines lengthened and a growl left his lip.

CLANG! CLICK! CHSHHH!

He bit down hard, the blade suddenly shattering into countless pieces he swallowed with a single inhale.

The gems that coated Myghell's body began to glow a healthy light, complex royal blue Runes beginning to swirl about within them, making him look more like an otherworldly treasure than a human.

BANG! BANG!

Within Myghell's palms, to enormous great swords appeared. Each was over two meters long and two feet wide. Their weight falling to the ground alone left two enormous craters Myghell didn't seem to care he had begun to sink into.

A fiendish, devilish grin spread across his lips, his body seeming to grow a size.

"I was already sick and tired of using that twig. Since you've woken me up, come and taste true strength."

Myghell's foot rose into the air, the momentum of the world following his step.