Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1239 Once More

Spear and great swords met in an endless torrent of attacks. Every collision caused shards of whistling wind to fly out in all directions. It was the kind of display of power that made one cringe and turn your head away, worried that their bodies wouldn't be able to handle what came next and find itself bent awkwardly and out of shape.

However, the wild grins on both of their faces seemed to paint a different picture entirely. They were completely relentless, even when they were pushed to the ground, they sprung back up like springs, already prepared for the next ten exchanges.

BANG!

The two were forcefully separated, finding themselves on opposite sides of the arena. Their breathing was even and deep, the thumping of their hearts and the rushing of their blood booming like drums and falling like waterfalls.

Myghell exhaled a deep breath, a fog rising up from his swords as though they were being seared with heat.

"Dying Embers of Dusk."

The four cycles came together. Without even stepping into the Sixth Dimension, Myghell had actually comprehended the entirety of the Natural Light Realm.

The glow in Leonel's gaze intensified. The strength of one, two or three facets of a Universal Cycle was absolutely nothing compared to when they were deployed all at once. Only upon doing so would the true strength of Universal Force shine through.

The Only Light of Night. Blazing Dawn. Dauntless Day. Dying Embers of Dusk.

The cycle of Day, Night, Dawn and Dusk rotated about the skies, the center of the world being Myghell himself.

Leonel exhaled his own breath. He hadn't even bothered to bring out his Four Seasons comprehension. Because it was True State, it could probably match one stage above, but two was too large of a gap to bridge. If he brought it out now, he would only end up countered and put himself on the back foot.

But, Leonel had more cards than he had shown.

In the Dimensional Cleanse Trial Zone, Leonel had formed three forms of , not just one. The issue was that the amount of Vital Star Force he had was so small to begin with that executing just the first form only lasted a few minutes.

Unfortunately, most of the accumulated Vital Star Force Leonel had left the trial world with had been taken away by the Segmented Cube. Of course, it was vital to saving his life and making sure no lingering injuries crippled his hands, so it was a worthy exchange.

Due to this, though, it took Leonel weeks to even months to accumulate enough Vital Force just for a few minutes of usage… At least, that was the case in a weak galaxy like the Milky Way. But, Leonel wasn't there any longer, now was he?

Leonel had already been on Planet Luxnix for more than a month. Not only was it a pinnacle Sixth Dimensional world, it was perfectly chosen by the Luxnix for its high Light and Star Elemental concentration.

In that case, wasn't it perfect?

The first stage of Star Fusion was . The second stage, though…

Leonel's lips spread into a wild grin, the red in his eyes pulsing as the blue about him became a blazing curtain of crimson.

"<Star Fusion: Combustion>."

A chorus of red raced across Leonel's body as he howled into the skies. His own cry sounded for more maddened than anything Myghell had been able to form.

His body seemed to spring to life, a pair of wings that stretched outward for ten meters each appearing to his back and his body being covered in delicate white gold scales, each etched with golden runes and shaped like small, miniature feathers.

The billowing fog emitting from Leonel's head seemed to make his hair turn scarlet and lengthen, snaking out in all directions like wild hydras surging out from murky waters.

With a single flap of Leonel's wings, the air around him shattered like glass, the ground splintering like an egg shell and the howling call of his roar being left behind by the sonic boom of his own speed.

He appeared before Myghell in the blink of an eye, but the latter had already swung down one of his great swords, the power behind it carrying with it the strength of the Natural Light Realm.

BANG!

The two erupted into a flurry of exchanges.

Leonel's body seemed to be nearly invulnerable, even in the rare instances where he suffered an injury, it closed so fast that it felt as though it had never been there to begin with.

Myghell's skin shimmered like crystals, his impenetrable Gem Force and relentless attacks backing his domineering nature. He fought nothing like a Luxnix. There wasn't the slightest bit about him that was elegant or refined, not the slightest hint of what it meant to embody purity was on his mind. All he cared about was being the best, his arrogance prepared to make even the darkness of night and the light of day revolve around him!

The two clashed and separated, their collisions rebounding all across the arena in a way that was almost impossible to follow. The crowd found their head swiveling from side to side almost uncontrollably just so that they could try their best to keep up.

Leonel retracted his spear before releasing an endless torrent of pierces. His speed was so blinding that it felt as though dozens of spears had appeared in his hand.

Myghell swiped one of his great swords to the side, brutishly slapping Leonel's spear to the side, and swinging down from above.

Leonel took a fast and strong step forward, punching out toward Myghell's chest. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

The sound of metal and crystal meeting resounded through the arena, by Myghell flexed his back and widened his stance, absorbing the blow completely as he continued to swing down from above.

Leonel's gaze flickered as he rotated to the side, barely stepping out of the downward swing and stamping down toward Myghell's wrist.

However, as though he hadn't noticed, Myghells' forearm simply flexed, the blue Runes swirling about his crystal skin jumping to life.

In that moment, Leonel sudden felt as though his foot had slammed into a steel wall. To make matters worse, Myghell suddenly released his grip on his sword, his palm snaking upward at an odd angle and catching Leonel's ankle.

Leonel found himself being raised into the air, his gaze frighteningly cold.

BANG!

His body was pummeled into the ground, only to be raised again.

Force surged about Leonel's ankle, forcing Myghell to let go. Hooking the crook of his knee to Myghell's arm, he used the momentum to swing himself to the latter's back, choking around Myghell's neck with one arm and raising his spear to behead him with the other.

Myghell roared, his neck bulging and his back erupting as a strong surge of Force that sent Leonel flying backward.

With another howl, Myghell beat his chest, sinking further and further into an undying madness. And then, his skin began to change once more. Slowly but surely, the crystal morphed into something more tangible and heavy, fusing with the new coming substance and making it far stronger than it had been just alone...