Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1242 Shiver

Leonel skidded backward against the force of the kick, but the blow was forcefully dispersed to the ground beneath him. His control over the Earth Element had skyrocketed to an even higher level after entering . It felt as though the entire planet itself was backing his fight.

His spear snaked forward, aiming for Myghell's head, throat and heart in quick succession. Every time he pierced it was as though a raging flood dragon followed his movements, his spearmanship becoming so pure and unabashed that it breathed like it had life of its own.

Myghell's swordsmanship was several time more wild and lacked structure or foundation. Compared to the technique driven style he had had while using his thin sword, and his ability to shift through one technique after another, always countering Leonel perfectly, he might as well have been a cave man now.

But, there was a special sort of air that was carried along by those simple strikes. They cut off all paths of retreat and thwarted deadly strikes with the greatest of ease, the explosive power that backed them feeling like they carried the weight of an entire world.

Before anyone could realize just what had happened, over a day had already passed, each still being just as relentless as the other and it feeling as though they had an endless amount of trump cards and rebuttals to thrust at their opponent.

However, it was slowly becoming clear that one had more to give than the other did.

In , Leonel could apply this self-created Knight technique he had formulated to amplify his Mage Arts. In addition, the drain on the Vital Star Force supply he had was much lesser as well as half the burden was taken on by his mind.

Unfortunately, having great stamina versus having the ability to endlessly replenish your own were two different matters. Leonel, of course, had the gold scaled koi fish, but he hadn't used its ability even once. Though he could probably say that it was his beast companion and get away with it, he didn't even think of doing so.

He wanted to see to the depths of Myghell's limits, to force him to give everything he had and still realize that there was a taller mountain beyond. But, it was becoming increasingly difficult to do so.

The gap was large. Some would even say too large. Leonel had more than held his own, especially considering he was still holding back even at this moment. But, Tier 4 was Tier 4 while Myghell was a half-step to the Sixth Dimension.

Leonel's smile didn't fade, he found himself to be amusing. He didn't just want to win, he wanted to win his way.

Leonel's spear blade swept along the ground, a massive wave of molten earth following it to attack Myghell.

A crystal whale construct formulated into the skies. It was over 50 meters long, carrying with it a weight that couldn't even be fathomed.

BOOM!

It dropped like an anchor before Leonel's attack, causing an explosion that took both at once. If it wasn't for the barrier formed by Alienor, there was no doubt that the destruction would have only been all the more violent.

Leonel let out a heavy breath, sparks of fire leaving his lips. Deep breaths expanded and contracted his chest, a few fractures that could be found littered throughout his body healing far more slowly than they had at the beginning of his battle despite the fact the Second Awakening of his Healing Branch was very much active.

In his moment of reprieve, Myghell had already closed the distance.

'Damn.'

Leonel's mind reacted quicker than his body, an enormous shield of earth blocking the swing of Myghell's blades.

The twin great swords burst through, finding Leonel's spear laying in wait. But, his defenses seemed weaker than usual.

Leonel found himself flying through the air, shaking his head inwardly.

He seemed to have been in a battle of equals with Myghell. But, whenever each brought out a new trump card, wasn't it always him who was sent flying?

This was exactly why he was so hesitant about bringing out all he had. If things were like this at this stage, shouldn't he find an opportunity to win before Myghell went all out?

Leonel laughed at himself.

'What a silly thought.'

He hadn't been using his mind much during this battle and he had actually let such a ridiculous conclusion to fester and grow to this point.

Why was it that he had allowed Candle and Vice to roam free? Wasn't that because he would have to defeat all the Savants of the Dimensional Verse one way or another? Why was it that he had kept his mind in reserve during this battle? Wasn't it so that he could bask in the feeling of an enjoyable battle? So why was he suddenly doing something so contradictory to both?

A subtle feeling just within Leonel's grasp lingered before him. Sparks went off in his Dreamscape, a network he had begun to built to rectify Instinctual battling and Logical battling feeling just a step away. It was like having a word ready at the tip of your tongue, but easy ten times more infuriating.

'This feeling…'

Leonel closed his eyes, his breathing becoming steadier and steadier.

Wasn't he the one who had said it didn't matter? If he wanted to claim that position at the top of the mountain for himself, why should he be constantly worried about the progress and strength of others? As long as he, himself, was strong enough. What did the rest of it matter for? What did the rest of it count for…?

Nothing. Nothing at all.

The halo above Leonel's head began to glow a devastating brightness in that moment. As he flew through the air, it expanded to almost a meter in diameter, shooting down to Leonel's feet before slowly moving upward.

BANG!

Leonel landed and a cloud of dust shot in all direction. But in the next moment, a sight that none who had come this day would ever forget appeared.

Leonel's figure vanished from sight beneath the commotion, but space itself seemed to freeze over. Everything was suddenly encased in a cube of ice, space itself solidifying into a tangible plane. And then…

CRACK!

Everything splintered. As though space had become a sheet of glass, it shattered, and yet it all seemed to be held together by an invisible force. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

The plumes of dust slowly began to clear, revealing a tall silouhette…

The temperature plummeted by several degrees, a cold shiver creeping up the spines of many.