Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1244 Nothing

The golden spear hovering before Leonel's forehead suddenly grew a size. A ring of light formed on either side of it, wrapping around Leonel's helmet and forming a crown with a blinding golden spear as its centerpiece.

It and Leonel's bronze halo seemed to resonate, the two vibrating like twin pieces of precious metal.

In that moment, Leonel felt as though his eyes had suddenly opened wide. His Level 2 Spear Force trembled. From a neutral white color, it blossomed forth, suddenly becoming sprinkled with fleck sof gold.

Leonel's gaze became hazy and unfocused, and yet his assault only grew more powerful. If before it had felt like Leonel's spear was a raging flood dragon, at this moment, it truly became one.

Water Force bent to Leonel's will without the slightest inclination of resistance. With every pierce, it would fused with Leonel's King's Might and his Level 2 Spear Force, forming a roaring eastern dragon that made Myghell feel as though he was being pummeled by a mountain.

Myghell sliced down with both his great swords, trying to behead the dragon roaring toward him. But, he suddenly found both his blades being rebounded away as though he had just collided with a blade and not two beast constructs.

SHIING! SHIING!

Leonel suddenly found that he could only use twice, but he didn't even blink a single eye.

His movements flowed seamlessly from one motion to the next. Whereas his spearmanship in the past had felt like a disjointed union of powerful individual moves, his calculative mind and skill seemed to have finally fused into one.

Each attack became like a sacrificed chess piece that set up the next. Each significant strike was like a fork of pieces on the board, one of which Myghell would have no choice but to sacrifice to move forward. Each combination led to another, then another, an endless chain and torrent of barrages that had no sight in end.

The beauty of roaring water dragons beneath shattered ice particles of space was too much to describe. It felt as though all those spectating had been transported to another world, only to experience the battle of a Deity of Ice and Water versus a Deity of Light and Darkness.

Myghell recovered from Leonel's sudden and enormous leap in strength as only a genius could. His fiendish grin only grew livelier.

"COME ON!"

Leonel's spear howled, the ring on his finger flickering with an imperceptible glow.

Every time it collided with Myghell, a shockwave would travel through the latter's body, jetting out from his back in powerful concentric circles.

At the same time, Myghell found his own strikes being severely weakened and sometimes entirely frozen by Leonel's Domain, only leaving him susceptible to stronger attacks. Had it not been for his tough elephant skin and its superiority in Dimension, he would have long since been littered with holes. And yet, his laughter only became more resounding, his Force building up momentum as though it was endless.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

Leonel's spear spun, wheels of water following its trajectory. Every time it did, he landed another strike, three falling in quick succession.

Myghell's inner organs finally couldn't seem to take it anymore, his mouth overflowing with a combination of trickling and jetting blood. Three large dents appeared in his tough skin exterior, Leonel's third blow nearly piercing all the way through and reaching bone.

Beneath his mask, Leonel's breath heaved, his face drenched in sweat. He was already nearing his limits before he put on his Divine Armor, but now he was only approaching them all the more. Even the ice cool nature of it couldn't seem to stop his body from overheating.

As for his Innate Node…? He never thought of using it even once. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

The Luxnix seemed to believe that it would be in better hands if it was with Myghell. Leonel had no need to prove himself to them as he had the backing of both his mother and Wise Star Order, however, with this pride etched deep within his heart, that wasn't nearly enough.

That Innate Node was his own. Whether he cared to use it or not was none of the business of the Luxnix. But, right here and now…

He would show them just how wrong they were.

Leonel pulled back his spear once more, his Force surging throughout his body. He squeezed out the last bit of Vital Star Force he had, his gaze lighting up and blooding with such a fierce light that they almost shone through his visor.

'<Dragon's Might>!'

Leonel poured the last of his strength into his Dark Ice Domain, increasing its strength to the point Myghell was truly frozen in place, shards of what looked like broken glass surrounding his body and his swords to the point he was completely unable to move.

The miniature humanoid fog of violet rose from Leonel's head, sitting above his spear crown with a lofty air and presence.

He wouldn't allow anything in this world to block his path. Even if it was himself.

The bellow that left Leonel's lips must have been heard all across Planet Montex. The will blanketed everything it reached, suffocating the spectators until they seemed to have lost the ability to think any thoughts… Their gazes were all focused on the very same young man. That was… Until he seemed to vanish.

The separation of Leonel and his spear seem to have gone up in smoke. Though logically they all felt that there must have been a human behind the supreme strike they were witnessing, their senses told them instead that there was nothing there at all…

All that remained was the strike in all its gorgeous beauty.

A flood dragon of water, transparent and clear to the point the spear within could be seen. Its scales were outlined by a sharp Spear Force as the sound of a blade gliding along a whetstone resonated throughout the surroundings.

And then, it collided with Myghell's torso, landing right upon the very same shallow wound Leonel had caused previously. But at this moment, everything seemed to pause for just a second.

Silence fell, space froze, and a hollow, soft wind glided by at a gentle pace. And then…

Myghell's touch outer skin was torn to shreds, the spear exiting through a bloodied hold much too large for its slim body.