Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Old Hutch threw Leonel out when they reached the training ground. A normal person might have fallen and rolled a couple times, but Leonel was able to regain his bearing and land on his feet, a helpless expression in his eyes.

The old man walked to the side toward a rack of weapons. Well, one might call it a rack of weapons, but it was more accurate to call it a rack of machetes. This old man apparently didn't allow any other weapons to enter his sight. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

The training ground was old and dilapidated. It was located in the basement of a place Leonel could only assume was Old Hutch's home. The ground was built of broken concrete, the ceilings were covered in half shattered light bulbs that probably hadn't appeared in a home since the 20th century, and there was a faint musty smell of sweat that hung in the air.

"Old Hutch, I've told you again and again that I have no interest in using a machete as my weapon. I use spears."

"Hmph, the machete is a man's weapon. I'll be damned if you're going to waste your talent." The old man snorted but then smiled. "That said, if you show me a bit of your skill, I might change my mind."

Leonel was exasperated. This back and forth conversation sounded like it was the first time they were having it, but the truth was that this had happened two times before already. However, Leonel was really reaching the end of his rope this time.

The more time he spent with this old man, the less adorable he thought he was and the more pissed off he got. The first few times, it might have been a funny story to tell in the future, but now it was becoming an annoyance that was ruining his future plans.

Aina was in who knows how much danger right now. Miles and Simeon were still sucking air and Leonel had no idea what plot the latter was potentially laying down. After all, he didn't believe that that gorilla-man had popped up out of thin air. And, Leonel still had no idea where his father was.

"Fine."

Leonel's furious gaze calmed to the point of lacking ripples. His abrupt change caused Old Hutch to raise his brows. He had expected Leonel to react just the same as he had the previous two days, disdaining to fall for his taunts.

Over the past two days, Leonel had completely ignored the old man, only casually brandishing a machete to get him off his back. But now, Leonel had reached the limit of his patience.

With a flip of his palm, a silver rod appeared in his hand. He stood tall, his tranquil gaze bearing down on the old man.

Old Hutch looked toward the rod in curiosity. "That's what you call a spear?"

"I'd prefer not to kill an old man just seeking companionship." Leonel said indifferently.

Old Hutch blinked before bursting into an uproarious laughter.

"Kill me? I knew it, I knew it. You really are an overconfident little brat —."

The old man might have wanted to say more, but Leonel had already moved. His body was lithe and flexible. Somehow, despite moving in a straight line, it felt as though he had cut off all paths of retreat.

"Oh?" The curiosity of Old Hutch was suddenly piqued.

With a crooked grin, the old man stepped forward, swinging his machete down. It seemed like a casual movement, but Leonel could feel the weight of a mountain behind it. This old man… was strong.

However, Leonel wasn't the same as he was just a few days ago. He had always felt that he was missing something when it came to imitating the primitive woman, but now, he knew what it was. It was flexibility.

Though men had certain advantages when it came to martial arts, so too did women. The primitive woman especially seemed to move as though her bones were made of water and her flesh was carved of dew. That sort of flexibility was exactly what Leonel had been missing this hold time.

However, flexibility wasn't something one could casually improve upon. It took years of consistency to reach such a point. And, even those who could boast great flexibility would show decline in their abilities if they slacked off.

Luckily for Leonel, after forming his Two Star Constitution, his body had been remolded. In everything beside his size and strength, he was practically like a newborn baby, allowing him to lay an even better foundation of flexibility for himself.

Not only did this allow him to break through to the Advanced Grade One designation, but it allowed him to imitate the movements of the primitive woman to a much greater degree.

BANG!

The tip of Leonel's rod perfectly met the old man's blade edge. However, instead of rebounding off of each other, they seemed to become stuck, causing Leonel's eyes to widen.

He pulled his rod back, deftly dodging Old Hutch's follow up strike, but the result was the same.

Leonel's brow furrowed, his gaze becoming more serious. This time, he no longer held back.

A ran of piercing strikes came at the old man from all sides. Leonel's speed was inconceivable, fluttering around the old man as though his stamina was endless.

His rod fell like droplets of rain, blurring shadows of silver streaking across the room as he attacked the man from all angles.

Yet, no matter what he did, his rod always seemed to become stuck to Old Hutch's machete as though they were two parts destined to be fitted together.

Leonel's gaze narrowed. He was shocked by the ability of this old man. Even relying on the skills of the primitive man and woman, he seemed completely unable to find an opportunity to break through his defenses.

With a flicker of his eyes, the rod in Leonel's hands vanished, only to be replaced by a true spear. His aura completely changed and the pressure bearing down on Old Hutch multiplied severalfold.

The old man couldn't help but blink in surprise. In a moment, his casual appearance became serious as his feet finally began to shift.

As Leonel's blood boiled, his power seemed to multiply. He was completely immersed in the feeling, he could almost smell the old man's defeat.

His heart yearned for it. He wanted nothing more than victory.

It was maybe only at this moment that it became clear that it wasn't that Leonel didn't have any ambition, but rather that he only had this simple wish. To always win. Nothing else mattered.

Seeing the look in Leonel's eye, despite the pressure on him, the old man grinned.

'What a good kid… Unfortunately, you're still several decades too young to think of defeating me."

Suddenly, the man's aura changed as well. Though it was just the faintest of light, Leonel's senses were too sharp to miss the slight glow that coated the old man's blade.

SSSHUUUUUU

The machete's edge perfectly met the tip of Leonel's spear. The spear's prism-like tip stopped in the air for but a moment before it was split. In fact, the machete continued down and would have chopped Leonel's hand off had Old Hutch not shown mercy.

Leonel's steps paused, looking at his ruined spear with a shocked gaze. His breath hung heavily in the air as his chest heaved. It was only now that he realized he had been battling the old man for a few hours and was exhausted. But, he didn't have a mind to think of that.

"Force… That was definitely Force… But it was different at the same time… Blade Force…?"