Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1253 More

The next change Leonel felt was to his brain activity.

Leonel's intelligence was always a fairly unique thing and didn't exactly work like everyone else's did. According to Leonel's father, Leonel's ability had awoken long before everyone else of Earth. This was because Leonel had been born on Planet Luxnix and not Earth like his mother had been. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

For his own reasons, Velasco had sealed Leonel away, restricting him from accessing his ability too soon. This was exactly why the Force distribution during the Awakening had only left such a small sliver for Leonel. He didn't need to be given his ability as he already had it.

However, even sealed, Leonel's intelligence had still been beyond most. Though, not as exaggerated as it was now.

Leonel had been in Class A of Royal Blue Academy, a great feat. But, he had been third in his Class, behind Aina and Allan.

There were maybe a few reasons for this, but the main reason was because of the Ascension Empire's restrictions on books and knowledge. Leonel wasn't allowed to return with his books home as he lived on a Paradise Island and as such, he didn't get nearly as much time to study as others who lived on campus.

But, even with this being true, the reality was that things just didn't click as easily for Leonel then as they did now. He was always lacking in something and that was greatly related to his Ability.

In the Dimensional Verse, there could be considered to be two roots of Intelligence. The first was the soul and the second was the brain. The two interacted with one another through the Ethereal Glabella which could also be considered to be part of the brain, as it was located in the prefrontal cortex of human anatomy.

Due to his father, Leonel had lost his connection with his Ethereal Glabella. As such, he was left with just his brain, leaving him on the same playing field as everyone else… Or so it seemed.

The main issue here is that Leonel's brain was fundamentally different from the brains of everyone else on Earth. The Spear Domain Lineage Factor rearranged the neural connectivity in his cortex, giving him different anatomy than one would expect to find in a person of Earth.

While most people of Earth had a prefrontal cortex designed purely for higher level functioning, thought and reasoning, Leonel's own was wired … for battle with a spear.

The amount of energy allocated to this much more complex interconnectivity left little to the rest of Leonel's mind. And, on top of that, his Lineage Factor hadn't even awoken then so it was like a continuous siphon of energy toward a bottomless pit of uselessness. And, as though that wasn't bad enough, he didn't have his Ethereal Glabella which would have been the best power source for it all…

It quite literally made Leonel dumber.

But why was it that this was all important now? After all, Leonel's Ethereal Glabella was just fine and now that he could use Dream Force, the fuel his brain had was far beyond that of 99% of most people…

The important thing to consider here is that the brain and the soul had a dependency on one another. Neither was more important than the other. And… Leonel just so happened to have had a Force Node in his brain stem that had been muted all this time, only for it to suddenly be flooded with energy.

It was at that moment that Leonel realized his groggy mind wasn't only because of all the pain he had experienced, he quite literally had a concussion right now, and quite a severe one at that.

Using his Brain Stem as a root, while within the Fourth Dimension, Leonel had taken advantage to route countless Nodal Pathways through his brain and now they were all swollen and made his head feel as though it might explode at any moment.

And yet… Leonel felt that his mind was on a completely different level than it had ever been.

Without even checking, Leonel felt that his number of split minds had increased tenfold… From ten million, he could control over a hundred million now and he wasn't even sure if that was the limit or an artificial cap he didn't dare to blow by because this migraine was hunting after his life.

The largest change other than this was in Leonel's Control ability.

It had to be remembered that Tier 4 of Leonel's Ability Index was Control. This Tier represented a perfect control over one's body, far greater than most could exhibit. This was the Tier Leonel's Dream Sense technique came from, allowing him to dull his senses to mute pain or maximize his sleep by spreading it across numerous minds.

Right this moment, Leonel felt that his Control Tier had taken an enormous step forward. Even with the foggy state of his mind, he felt he could accelerate and decelerate his heart on a whim, he could quicken his digestion by diverting energy toward it, he even felt that he could grasp signals his neurons were firing toward his mind before they even made it to his brain.

It was as though his entire body had become a hive mind. And, if Leonel's deductions were correct, once the swelling of his brain went down and he could finally think clearly again, he might even be able to reach down a cellular level.

He didn't think it would be easy and it would definitely require large amounts of focus and energy, but if he could pull that off, the possibilities were endless.

He would be able to direct his passive healing factor toward specific regions to accelerate cell regrowth even faster. He might be able to take control of his stem cells to regrow limbs or circumvent injuries his healing factor alone wouldn't be able to handle. He would be able to change the composition of his muscle so they could exhibit more power per fiber length than they could in the past…

And, the largest elephant in the room, he might truly be able to reach a point where he could improve and modify his Lineage Factors.

Of course, Leonel had learned how naïve he was to even think of doing so in the past. But, this really did open up that door once again! The prowess of the Control Tier of his Ability Index was something he had clearly greatly underestimated until this point.

None of this even touched the fact that Leonel felt as though his Spear Domain Lineage Factor was clearer to him now than it ever had been in the past. Even his breakthrough against Myghell didn't make things feel this obvious and compatible with him.

With Force coursing through his brain, his Spear Domain Lineage Factor mutations finally got the sort of support it was always meant to, making him feel as though he couldn't bear to use any weapon outside of a spear, like it would be a waste of his ability to even spend time doing so...

And yet, it still felt like there was more, as though he was still seeing just the tip of the iceberg.