Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1256 Adorable

Leonel wasn't too surprised by this. Quite frankly, whether there were five or six hardly mattered to him. The only reason a sixth would be an intriguing prospect if its power was truly beyond that of the Golden Tiger.

According to Wise Star Order, the Starry Tailed Fox was already considered to be at the pinnacle of Seventh Dimension, what about this Golden Tiger? And what about this mysterious seventh beast?

Leonel was definitely intrigued.

"What Dimensional level were they at?"

"It's a similar pattern. The Twinkling Light Bear was Eighth Dimensional. The Golden Tiger was most definitely pinnacle of the Eighth Dimension. As for the other details, I'm not sure."

"You found this in the Domain of the Spirituals?"

Wise Star Order laughed. "Brat, in other Domains, humans unlucky enough to be there are treated no differently from slaves. A lot of time, they quite literally are a Slave Class. You going over there is no different from giving your life away.

"You wouldn't even be able to step foot in the regions something so precious would be held, let alone making it to the point of laying your eyes on it."

Leonel frowned. "Slaves?"

"Oh? Are you mad? You should get over that hero's complex really quick. That nonsense you said about uniting the Dimensional Verse is never going to happen. Your Domain is just lucky that it mostly produces Humans thanks to the Regulator you apparently want to replace. If not, humans wouldn't even have a place in the universe."

"I feel like you're exaggerating. Anyone with half a brain knows how evolution works. For a race to survive so long into the lifespan of the universe, and even control a Domain all to itself, it can't possibly be weak or else it would have been rooted out a long time ago. But you're making it sound like humans have no redeeming qualities."

"Humans do have redeeming qualities. Too many, in fact. But that's the problem. There's no universal path for Humans to take, so instead of putting all your efforts toward excavating one thought, you all diverge. There's no greater example of this than the Lineage Factor.

"How many Lineage Factors are in the Human Domain? Hundreds? Thousands? Millions is probably the more accurate denomination. Each of you is trying to figure out how a different path works, diverging along countless lines of evolutions, instead of streamlining it all into one large and cohesive effort.

"When I say humans are untalented and are far behind everyone else, I don't mean that there's a literal objective metric by which you're worthless. It's the insatiable appetite of humans and their neutral foundations that ruin everything.

"Humans can be great at everything, and that's exactly why they're great at nothing."

Leonel frowned. He felt that Wise Star Order was speaking the truth and he could feel that it made perfect sense. But, even with his improved thinking speed and computational ability, he couldn't even begin to guess at how to unravel that problem and solve it.

"The Void Palace is maybe the only decent attempt humans have made to form a cohesive ideology. It helps geniuses worth investing in to focus in on the God Path. Though there are plenty of powerful individuals who've taken the conventional path, there's a reason that the God Path is still conventionally known as the better of the two. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"However, even that's become a shit show. There's only so many resources you're all willing to pool into a neutral party that will take away from your own strength, so there's limited spots. And because the spots are limited, only the extremely talented even have a chance to claim a spot for themselves.

"Once they get into the place, they'll be bombarded with politics and bullshit from all sides. Unless you're both talented and come from a strong family, you'll find yourself rattling within someone else's cage soon enough.

"If by some miracle they manage to make it through all of that and reach the highest echelons, they'll become another useless old fogie sitting on their high horse thinking themselves to be invincible because they reached the peak of the Human Domain. Or, they'll end up siphoning most of the resources they earned back to their families to fuel more diverging paths into the future.

"Even if you sat humans down and tried to explain this, they wouldn't listen. How would you even decide which Lineage Factors to abandon and which to focus on for the good of the whole human race? And, even if you could decide, would that family agree to share their Lineage Factor with everyone? Why should they share? If their Lineage Factor was the best, shouldn't you all just submit?"

Wise Star Order seemed to be very passionate about this matter, to the point it even brought a smile to Leonel's face. Though the old man called his dream ridiculous, judging by how much effort he had put into making sure the Luxnix family would follow his lead into the future, it was likely that, at one point, he shared a dream not too dissimilar to his own.

"It's not the humans are so much more stupid or selfish than other races. Every race is selfish and is out for their own selves. The difference is that most of the races are only good at one or two things, so all of their Lineage Factors converged toward the same evolutionary peak. But this isn't a luxury humans have.

"But if you know your weakness, then you should try harder than others to fix it! FUCK! I hate stupid people."

Wise Star Order ended up ranting to himself. He had riled himself up so completely that he completely forgot about Leonel entirely.

"Once Earth enters the Eighth Dimension, it's all over. All these years of wasting time and shilling for their own personal gain is going to end with the human race being completely wiped out and enslaved.

"But all they're worried about is conquering a piece of Earth for themselves. Useless piles of trash, I'd kill them all if I have the chance."

Leonel erupted into a fit of laughter. He forgot about the pain in his body for a moment, laughing to his heart's content.

"What are you laughing about you damned brat!?"

"When you're not trying to kill me, you're kind of adorable old man."