Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel was astonished. This Force could be used beneath the disruption of the towers?

He didn't know much about Force Strengthening Deviations, nor had he ever seen one. But, he was quite certain that what he had just seen was Blade Force.

Leonel's father had said that there were certain things about the Spear Domain heirloom that he wasn't allowed to know until he grasped Spear Force, but even to this day, he had still not yet grasped it. Who would have known that this damned old man would have long since comprehended it?

At this point, Leonel came to another understanding. The old man's strength wasn't because of an ability or because of some special food. The reason his body was so strong was precisely due to his Blade Force.

From Leonel's minor understanding, Force Strengthening Deviations weren't as simple as just making one's weapon more powerful.

First of all, not all of them were related to weapons. And, secondly, even those that were could grow and nurture the body, strengthening it over time.

The old man must have comprehended Blade Force a very long time ago, likely even before the Metamorphosis, allowing his body to be much stronger than others. In this case, his strength made much more sense.

When a Force Strengthening Deviation was comprehended, it would take form in the Ethereal Glabella, exactly like Leonel's Stars. In fact, the Stars in Leonel's Ethereal Glabella could be classified as Force Strengthening Deviations as well. It was just that whereas Spear Force would make a spear's attack more potent, the Stars in Leonel's mind nurtured his spirit and quickened his recovery of it!

Hearing Leonel's words, Old Hutch was stunned before he broke out into laughter.

"So you know about Blade Force, little brat? Not bad, not bad. I have indeed comprehended Blade Force. I was 42 years old back then, now I'm almost 150."

Leonel felt a bit numb when he heard this. Though technology had extended life expectancy, from the 21st century to the 25th, a normal lifespan only went from 80 years to about 120. However, he had never heard of a 150 year old man capable of jumping around like a spry monkey.

At the same time, Leonel finally felt a heartfelt respect for the old man. Comprehending Force related abilities back when Earth was still a Third Dimensional world was difficult beyond imagining. This old man's talent in blade arts was most definitely outstanding.

"Old Hutch, teach me how to comprehend Spear Force and I'll participate in the tournament for you."

Leonel's pale green eyes shone brightly. For a moment, they were like lanterns in the dull light of the basement, boring holes into the old man's body.

However, instead of receiving the answer he thought he would, Leonel saw Hutch frown for the first time in the three days he had known him.

"Morales, do you think comprehending Blade Force is a joke? I thought before, when you were insisting on using the spear, that you had some lingering attachments to it. This is why I was willing to let you show me your talent. But, from what I see, you have no real attachments to the spear at all, you didn't even react when I destroyed your weapon. How could you possibly comprehend Spear Force with your current mindset? How could you gain the acknowledgment of a weapon if you don't love it?"

"Love it?" Leonel's expression changed.

Did he love the spear? The simple answer was no. It was a weapon he randomly picked up only because it was convenient. He had snatched it from a small gang who dared to speak inappropriately of his Aina. After that, he just so happened to learn that he had a spear related Lineage Factor, so he stuck with the spear. It wasn't more complicated than this for him.

But even setting this aside, Leonel couldn't understand why it was that the old man said he had to love his spear to comprehend Spear Force. None of this made any sense. He couldn't find a logical reason for why love would be necessary to the equation. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

If it was about this, then didn't that mean Leonel would never comprehend Spear Force? It wasn't like he could fake his love for a weapon right? If he learned that he had a sword, or machete, or bow and arrow Lineage Factor right now, he wouldn't hesitate to leave the Spear behind.

To him, the spear was just a tool. Why was there a need to love it?

Seeing Leonel's changing expression, the old man shook his head. If it was so easy to pass on comprehensions like this, nothing in the world would be difficult.

After a moment, Leonel took a deep breath.

"Old Hutch, show me your Blade Force just one more time."

Leonel's mind was difficult for others to understand. He was a kind soul, but he was equally as cold and calculating. He had a soft heart, but he couldn't stand losing. He was capable of feeling pity that his spear was now destroyed… but he couldn't feel that heartbroken emotion Old Hutch expected from him.

Old Hutch's initial instinct was to reject, but after seeing Leonel's staunch gaze, he sighed.

"Fine, fine. I will show you once more. Consider it repayment for kidnapping you."

'Oh, so you're aware that you kidnapped me too, huh?'

Though he said this, Leonel still felt a sense of loss. He could see that Old Hutch had lost interest in him after seeing him exert his spearmanship. It wasn't because he wasn't talented enough or because he wasn't skilled enough, it was rather because he didn't care about the weapon in his hand.

At such thoughts, Leonel could only shrug. He couldn't force himself to have emotions he didn't have. But, that lit a fire in his heart nonetheless.

He had to love his weapon to comprehend Spear Force? Bullshit. He would show this damned old man who had been annoying him all this time that he needed no such thing.

A vast, boundless aura shrouded the basement room as Leonel focused his entire being on the machete in Old Hutch's hands. He didn't even notice that Hutch's eyes flickered with killing intent he quickly suppressed.

'This damned brat, if I didn't stop myself in time, his aura would have made me lash out to kill him. I thought I was on the battlefield meeting a formidable opponent for a second…' Old Hutch shook his head. '… Still, you have so much talent yet you're wasting it. You place so many things below your vision, so you hardly care about anything at all. I want to teach you a lesson, but I'm afraid that our Slayer Legion really doesn't have many at your age who can defeat you.

'But, I won't bring those brats out. If I did, they would at most be able to match you. By then, you would think that maybe the road you're on is fine, when the reality is that you should be far better than them. You're hampering your own progress…

'In that case, I'll allow you to despair for a bit. Without humbling yourself, reaching the pinnacle is impossible.'

A violent surge of wind whipped around the training grounds, leaving Leonel in a trance.