Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1263 Morales Family Troublemaker

When Leonel's gaze shifted to him, Gradeyr felt as though his mind was collapsing. It was just a single look, an indifferent glance, and yet it gripped at his soul, almost tearing it away from his body. The pressure was palpable to a degree that it almost manifested like tendrils of dark crimson in the air.

Leonel didn't quite know who Gradeyr was, but Aina, who was still by his side, spoke a few simple words that made him understand what remained of the final pieces. It was then he understood that his mother's reputation had become collateral damage for an Heir War maybe no different to what he might experience in a few years' time.

Though, Leonel would soon find out that the scale of the Morales family Heir Wars couldn't be compared to these petty games in the slightest. It might very well reach the point of it embroiling the whole of the Human Doman. And, even if it didn't, it would most definitely grasp attention at least that far and wide.

In truth, despite coming to understand things, Leonel didn't want to even give Rychard a chance to live. He had never been very good at controlling his anger when it came to matters like this, and this certainly wasn't the first time he had flown into a rage for his mother's sake.

Alienor, though, being the madwoman that she was, simply sent a glance back as though she was witnessing the most adorable thing ever, even going to the point of dabbing at her eyes with a fresh handkerchief.

Gradeyr could tell that Leonel had no intention of listening to him, so he stepped forward, removing his mask.

"I know that what my cousin has done is irredeemable, but he is one of the final hopes my Viola family has. I'm willing to exchange for his life, all of the most important treasures of the Viola family rest with us. I have heard of your Morales family from the envoys and know that your Heir Wars are coming very soon. What we have could be invaluable to you.

"I know that you could just kill us and take them, but if you did this you would find that they won't work as they should and end up becoming a detriment rather than a help to you."

Gradeyr spoke as fast as he could, hoping that Leonel would at least care enough to stay his hand for the moment.

While Rychard had been hosting the envoys and basking in his new position, Gradeyr had taken a completely different approach.

Rychard had said himself that he lost some of his sharpness after finally gaining the position he had fought for his whole life, it was to the point he had almost exposed himself to Patriarch Luxnix. However, Gradeyr, who had lost the very same position, was still looking forward and hoping to find a new way for himself to make an impact.

So, when the envoys came to their family, while Rychard had schemed to find a way to get Aina into his bed, Gradeyr was asking questions that would prepare him for the future, and that was when he learned the weight the Morales family held.

Originally, Gradeyr simply wanted to understand the political landscape of the Void Palace and come to an understanding of who held the largest centers of power. Never would he have expected that the boy who had been stricken from the Luxnix family records was actually related to one of these behemoths.

In truth, Gradeyr didn't actually know that Leonel was an Heir Candidate, he simply thought that even if he wasn't, a vast amount of resources would be valuable nonetheless.

If the Morales Heir Wars worked like most did, then this wasn't just a jockeying of position for the Heirs themselves, but also for their subordinates. Everyone who had backed Gradeyr found their lives to become a hundred times harder all of a sudden while it was the opposite for everyone who had followed Rychard.

Little did Gradeyr know that Leonel was indeed one of the Heirs.

Contrary to Gradeyr's expectations, though, Leonel didn't even waver when he heard such enticement.

"Why should I care?"

Leonel's hand squeezed down.

Gradeyr gaze flickered but eventually fell to despair. In their final plan, the Star Order Council equivalent of the Viola family had designed two spatial rings, one for Rychard and the other for Gradeyr. Only by working together could they access 100% of the Viola family's legacy. It was a measure to ensure that the two of them would work together.

What the Viola needed right now was stability, not infighting. Heir Wars were a luxury of well established families, something that they were decidedly not any longer. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Toward this seen, the gazes of Orinik and the other envoys only became more odd and reserved. There was only so far that this nepotism should go. Allowing Leonel to kill a disciple was definitely way too far. It was hard to accept, but they also didn't dare to say anything either.

But, who could have expected that it was while Rychard was on the brink of death that Alienor would suddenly appeared to press a hand down on Leonel's forearm.

"… Mom?" Leonel frowned.

He wasn't quite familiar with the rules of the Void Palace just yet, so he was unaware that there was an issue. Though he probably should have guessed, he was too pissed to care enough to think about it.

"It's just a few words, what are you getting so angry about? Are you going to fight everyone that says something about me?"

"Yes." Leonel replied without hesitation.

Alienor was stunned for a moment before she let off a light, airy laughter. While Leonel only saw his mother, the envoys and the others had to pay very special attention not to stare for too long, lest they have even worse luck than Rychard.

After she finished laughing, Alienor finally spoke once again.

"He isn't wrong, you may very well need what they have."

"But…"

Leonel's frown deepened. What could the Viola family have that he could possibly need? The Luxnix treasure vaults should be far beyond them, and then there was still Wise Star Order's treasure deposits as well. Plus, even if he didn't have these things, he didn't like the idea of trading for forgiveness he didn't want to give.

"Trust me."

Alienor laughed and shook her head. It seemed the Void Palace would be gaining another Morales family troublemaker with the way things were trending now.