Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1266 Volatile

Ossenna's pupils constricted when she noticed the Amethyst Token. However, her shock in seeing it was far less than hearing what Leonel addressed Alienor as. There was no one who didn't understand who that man's wife was, and there was probably even less who didn't understand that the two had a child between them.

Though this might sound like an odd way to frame those matters, if one knew the kind of commotion that was caused around Leonel's birth it would be much easier to explain.

The Void Palace had many strict rules, among them there were regulations around pregnancy and conceiving children. As such, it was no surprise, then, that Leonel's birth had quite a lot of controversy surrounding it.

Though these rules sounded quite barbaric, from the perspective of the Void Palace, it made a lot of sense. They were raising up the protectors of the Domain and the responsibility placed on the shoulder of their disciples was completely unlike anything one would find from another organization. In such a strict environment, where there were hardly any barriers between men and women, one could imagine what these sort of stress filled conditions would lead to.

At the end of the day, men and women were two sides of the same coin and complimented one another. Left to their own devices, it was inevitable that they would pair up, and if there were no sort of regulations around these matters, it could negatively affect and compromise the ability of the Void Palace to function as it was meant to.

In almost any other situation, Alienor would have been executed and Velasco would follow not long after. However, in this one… Well, it could only be said that Leonel's father was a bit of a madman.

The Void Palace had already reached a point of not wanting to provoke Val too much after what had happened following Leonel's grandfather's death. However, they still had to make a showing for this matter. The rules were important and they couldn't just allow anyone to break them as they pleased.

Unfortunately… Velasco hadn't felt like tiptoeing around the matter and playing their games, leading to the second time Void Palace was almost flipped on its head.

As such, when the three Sector Ranked disciples looked toward Leonel, what they saw was more than just a boy holding an Amethyst Token, they found instead a ticking timebomb in human form.

Alienor sighed. Leonel could have easily kept these matters to himself for a longer period of time, it might have been more advisable to do so and it would have made certain things far easier. But, he had actually purposely chosen this route.

'Well, never mind. He's so adorable when he calls me mom.'

A smile bloomed on Alienor's features. With a wave of her hand, the struggling youths were cradled by a gentle energy and risen into the air. They were so supremely focused on regaining control of their bodies that they didn't even notice the change.

"Well, you've heard my son. If you're finished now, you can move out of the way."

Alienor walked forward without another word, guiding the youths into the gate. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Leonel, who followed after her, took another look around, a curious glint in his eye before his gaze fell on Ossenna. For some reason, he felt the need to memorize her face.

Beneath Leonel's scrutiny, Ossenna's frown deepened, but the smile on his face couldn't help but remind her of a certain man, a reality that only made her pretty features snarl a bit.

Leonel didn't miss this change at all and even felt somewhat inwardly amused. He had a few guesses as to why this woman would react this way to his face despite how polite he was being. Still, he didn't lose his smile.

"My name is Leonel Morales, nice to meet you, overseer. Thank you in advance for your future impartial judgment and I'm sorry about the long wait. I'll do my best to make sure we fall more in line with the coming rules."

Ossenna was stunned for a moment before she realized her reaction was a bit off. But, that only made her stern expression become somewhat of a blush.

'Dammit, this little brat is just like his playboy father!'

Leonel nodded in respect to the two men by Ossenna's side before continuing on after his mother. Though her face was looking away, the smile on Alienor's face could hardly be contained.

…

Deep within the Void Palace, the arrival of Leonel and his mother didn't go unnoticed. With how important this location was, it was simply impossible that anything could slip their attention. From the moment the portal had been formed, they were already aware of who was coming, how many there would be, and how powerful they were.

"It seems like that day has finally come."

An aged voice spoke into the shadows.

The room made the concentration of Anarchic Force in the surroundings of Void Palace look like child's play. However, these were among the most valuable training rooms of the organization. When controlled in this fashion, the continuous suppression caused by Anarchic Force, followed by a period of relief, could cause great growth in a warrior's strength.

For older individuals reaching the end of their potential, these dangerous methods were more of the norm and it wasn't a surprise for many of them to share rooms like this as they oversaw matters. In the end, they were the true backbone of the Human Domain and needed to push themselves as such.

"I was told that the boy suffered a grievous wound after his birth, but it seems that he's recovered just fine. Though, being only at Tier 5 of the Fifth Dimension at his age considering his background… Is definitely lacking."

Another silence fell over the room before another spoke.

"Send Cornelius to oversee these matters. This generation is a bit too… volatile."

Hums of agreement resounded. But, under a layer of their ambience was a silent and tacit understanding.

They were all aware what a volatile generation like this one represented.