Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1269 Aggros

Leonel gazed up at the skies once more after his mother had left, but chose to leave those matters be. He really only used a small trick to pinpoint that mysterious person's location. It was as easy as calculating the line of his mother's sight and the distance at which her gaze focused, then reverse engineering it from his location. With his current mental capacity and the fact his mother wasn't on guard against him, obviously, it was as easy as breathing.

"Yip! Yip!"

Leonel retracted his gaze and took Little Blackstar into his arms. With a sigh, he looked around.

The youths of Earth, Planet Luxnix, Planet Montex and Planet Viola, not to mention Riah, were all now sitting in meditation. Some of them looked far more uncomfortable than the others, but at this pace, there was simply no way they would be prepared in just three hours.

'Old man, what do you think? Is there a way to speed up this process?'

Leonel couldn't very well continue to talk with the old man out loud so he had learned a method of doing so with his Internal Sight thanks to the Luxnix's vast store of Manipulation type techniques. This made things far more convenient as well.

'Anarchic Force isn't a joke, kid. There's no 'speeding' up the process. Doing so will just kill them. I have a feeling that the only reason you are fine is because you suffered for days pulling it out of your body, so you've already undergone a baptism of a far higher concentration.'

'Speaking of which, if it's so volatile in such a low concentration, why did I never notice that so much was in my body?'

'The Anarchic Force came when you stole energy from the Regulator and that energy was immediately used to fuel your Innate Nodes ridiculous growth. It's more likely than not that it was your Innate Node that stored it all, protecting you from it.

'When you reconnected your Nodal Pathways, it finally gained an outlet to expell it all.'

Leonel nodded, these were his thoughts as well. He felt that he could sense his Innate Node with even more clarity than he had before now, so it was clear that something had been obstructing it.

Leonel suddenly turned his head back, but the envoys he had been expecting to find weren't there. Or, rather, there was only one of them: Orinik. He followed behind Ossenna, but even the other two Sector Ranked disciples were nowhere to be seen. The only explanation was that while they had all entered the same Paifang, that didn't mean they would all end up at the same location. Clearly there were methods of controlling this that Leonel wasn't aware of just yet.

A lot of attention had already been aimed toward Leonel's location due to his sudden use of Internal Sight, so when Ossenna, a Sector Ranked disciple, appeared, the attention toward this region only grew.

Soon, a few figures stepped out from their black wood cabins, their gazes observing Leonel and the other newcomers. But, seeing their silent struggle against Anarchic Force, each one of them had a different reaction.

Some were pensive, others sneered, and others remained indifferent. This last group was maybe the one Leonel paid the most attention to. Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

Ossenna ignored these observers and trained her own indifferent gaze toward Leonel. Without Alienor being here, the pressure she gave off was far less restrained. Despite her being more than a full head shorter than Leonel, she might as well have been a towering mountain to him. The strength hidden within that petite body of hers was undeniable.

At that moment, though, something Ossenna hadn't been expecting occurred.

A young lady that dwarfed her beauty in every way, shape and form appeared by Leonel's side. Her face was pale to an extreme and her body was trembling from head to toe, but she still struggled to stand shoulder to shoulder with Leonel, bearing Ossenna's pressure along with him.

It felt that everyone's attention was immediately diverted to this young woman. She looked like the perfect image of a gorgeous fairy, her black hair falling like a glistening waterfall and her golden irises flickering like two radiant stars… in this bleak atmosphere, she looked to be the only light.

While everyone else was enraptured, though, Leonel frowned.

"You haven't adjusted yet, go back and meditate."

Aina didn't take her gaze away from Ossenna immediately.

"But, we don't have time." Aina said lightly.

"You'll have all the time you need."

Aina's gaze finally shifted away from Ossenna to meet Leonel's. Her lips gave way to a smile, her pale expression making her look like a frail flower one should protect with their entire being.

"Yes, my King."

Aina obediently turned back and returned to her meditation, her beautiful voice being carried by the wind and making the day seem just that much brighter. Toward her actions, though, despite his expression not showing it, Leonel could only smile bitterly on the inside.

No matter what his mother did… There would never be any greater aggros than a woman with beauty beyond words.

Just the act of Aina stepping to Leonel's side had already lit a fire in several eyes. However, her form of address to him was like a barrel of explosive oil poured over it all.

Leonel's gaze turned back to Ossenna, meeting hers. A flicker of red and violet danced in his eyes, his King's Might swimming between tangible and intangible. The momentum Ossenna had built up seemed worthless.

"…"

Ossenna's gaze narrowed. But, once again, she inwardly found another opportunity. A Generational Goddess was more motivation for some than even an Amethyst Token.

"I've come to tell you all that the True Selection will begin in three hours. The others have already been briefed on what to expect and how to prepare, but you late comers will have to rely on yourselves to figure out what is coming.

"All I can tell you is that if you want a cabin and a place to rest, you'll have to build it yourself. And, if you want to buy things from the smithy or rent the services of a Healer, you will only be able to do so with Void Points as outside currencies are useless here.

"Good luck."

Ossenna vanished, leaving Leonel as the only line of defense between over a dozen meditating and vulnerable youths, and a group of geniuses from across the Human Domain.