Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

On this day, the Southern Lookout was bustling. Actually, it could be said that the past week was easily the liveliest time of the year. Not only was it the time for the agreed upon biannual check-in, but it was also the time for the gathering of Promising Youths.

Many saw the check-in at the Lookouts to be a small vacation from the days of putting their lives on the line. It could be said that this gathering acted as the main attraction, placing a nice bow on the events of the last week.

??

At this time, many had come together toward the center of the Venice-like city, ready to enjoy all the excitement.

The arena at the center of the Southern Lookout was quite beautiful indeed. It seated about 10 000 people normally, but this only counted the seats available directly on the property.

To the sides of the arenas, there were many artificial rivers of water that allowed boats to float around. If the seating capacity of these various steel behemoths was taken into account, the number of spectators could easily reach 50 000.

Though this number of individuals might not necessarily come out to watch usually, the events of the past week were too shocking. How could any of them bear to miss this event? As a result, let alone 50 000 people, there were even more trying to push their way in. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Those with special water based abilities were making quite a sum of money today, just taking in these people to have a look.

As for who these people had come for? Who else if not that young man known as Indomitable?

On the arena stage, there were already several masked young men and women who stood silently. Their posture could be considered perfect and each of them had the bearing of a military man or woman. Their discipline was immaculate.

Each of their masks held a different symbol that represented their title. One might have pictured a roaring lion, another might have a slithering snake, some had images more abstract painted on theirs, while yet some others were completely straight forward and opted for words.

There were about 40 youths present. The actual number of Promising Youths assigned to the Southern Lookout was easily double this. However, not every youth on the ranking would come forward. After all, this was an organization created for the sake of taking down the Empire, not all of them had the time to spare out of their dangerous daily lives to take part.

Usually, barely 20 would appear to put on a good show for the masses. But this time, double that number had come, and for obvious reasons at that.

"These kids are quite anxious it seems. To think that they didn't come out when we provided such good rewards, but are eager to now just because a little boy said a few words."

A group of three stood in an overseer's box, looking toward the arena. Amongst them, there were two men and a single woman. Though they seemed smiling and reserved, it was obvious by the fact they had been chosen to oversee this battle that they were at the Commander rank at a bare minimum.

"It can't be helped." The woman replied. "They all have seniors that give them treasures like the ones we reward all the time. Plus, even though they're young, they understand the concept of protecting themselves. The less famous they are, the better it is for them. Stepping forward for short term benefits is unwise."

"You say this like we're the bad guys for trying to give them a little incentive."

"I do find the whole rankings to be a bit silly. Why did we create them at all? You know that I was among the few who directly rejected the idea. We should be protecting these youths, not thrusting them into the spotlight like this."

The woman clearly didn't like the proceedings. This was only the third gathering to ever take place. After all, the Promising rankings were only created after the Metamorphosis. It was widely known that youths had greater potential during this evolutionary stage, so emphasis was placed on them.

Regardless, this woman felt that this was only more reason to stop this practice, but it was too difficult to go against the tide.

One of them men sighed. "Violet Rain, the higher ups have their own concerns as well. Earth's situation is quite precarious right now, not everything is as it seems on the surface."

Hearing these words, the woman fell silent. She too knew that the behind-the-scenes matters weren't so simple. But, even if there were logical reasons, she still found it to be a difficult pill to swallow.

An event like today was exactly what she had been worried about. No matter how sensible they were, the young was still the young, after all. They were only provoked just this little bit and look at how many of them had come out this time. In fact, if it wasn't for the fact the rise of 'Indomitable' was too sudden, she was certain that even more would have come. Maybe all over 100 Promising Youths would have come this time had Leonel appeared just a little earlier.

Though she didn't share this with anyone, the vigilance in her heart was raised by several levels. Who knew if this was a ploy by the Empire to learn more about the future pillars of the Slayer Legion?

The reason she didn't dare to voice such concerns was precisely because of Hacker Hutch. Since Indomitable was tied to Hacker Hutch, it could be said that he was endorsed by the latter as well. Not many would believe that such a legend had betrayed them.

But, wasn't it exactly because of this that the plan would be so perfect? After all, it wasn't like retired officials of their Legion hadn't become disillusioned to the point of defecting in the past… The path they as rebels walked was too perilous.

"Yes, yes, yes. I know I how you feel. Well, today you might just get to see that kid you hate so much get his just desserts. Look up there, two in the top five actually remained behind."

The man pointed toward two young people, one of which was a young man and the other of which was a young woman.

The young woman wore a tight fitting green tracksuit. The leggings clung close to her toned legs and her jacket was half unzipped, revealing a sports bra that held back her breasts. Though her chest couldn't be said to be large, it was still eye catching, causing a few youths to look over and gulp down every so often.

However, after seeing the green, spiraling swirls painted onto the young woman's mask, none of them dared to harass her. They knew immediately that this was the new third ranked on the Promising Future list, 'Chasing Wind'.

The young man stood a few columns away from her, his back as straight as a javelin. His full, sturdy chest jutted out like two blocks of stone, pushing against his simple white shirt as he clasped his hands behind his back.

His mask was covered in the image of a dark cloud. Everyone knew who he was by this symbol. He was the youth who had just been pushed down a spot by 'Chasing Wind', 'Thunderous Clap'!

However, though these two were here and had even looked around on several occasions, they only saw masks with symbols they recognized. The man named Indomitable was nowhere to be seen.

'Could it be that he would provoke them into coming like this then dodge responsibility himself? If so, this plot is too sinister…' An ugly expression twisted the image of the beautiful woman in the overseer box.

But, at that moment, a hysterical laughter cut through the chatting voices of the crowd waiting for a show.

"Old Hutch, let me go dammit! I was so close!"

"Shut up, brat. You said that you would participate if I showed you my Blade Force one more time. Do you think I would let you miss this gathering? Dream on!"

A young man was sent tumbling into the arena, entering in as sorry of a state as one could imagine.

He huffed a sigh and stood after his body stopped rolling, sending a glare toward the old man who had crossed water to bring him here.

'Force can be used to walk on water? So cool.'

Despite his glare, the young man was actually quite intrigued.

Finally, seemingly noticing that this situation wasn't quite right, the young man looked up to find over 40 burning gazes looking toward him.

The young man raised an eyebrow. 'Why do they all look like they want to eat me alive?'

Who else could this young man be if not Leonel?