Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1302 Choice

Leonel's pupils flickered back and forth quickly, scanning through the long list of items within just a few minutes. The fact it had taken so long, though, was a testament to just how many times there were available for exchange. Under this kind of time crunch, it was impossible that most would be able to go through the entire list to find out what they might need.

Once he was done Leonel took a deep breath and closed his eyes, his mind quickly arranging the new information he now had access to.

The amount of things was a bit overwhelming, even for him. There were all sorts of items from techniques, to Styles, to weapons and armor, there were special herbs, odd concoctions, it was even possible to exchange time with instructors or seniors to learn new skills first hand.

Some of the most valuable things on the list were related to the God Path and understanding it. There were also options to be transported to meditation halls. Though, Leonel assumed that once your time was up, you'd be forcefully transported right back to this safe zone.

Realizing just how much choice he had before him, Leonel first decided what was most important to deal with.

'The first and most important thing is to acclimate everyone to Anarchic Force as quickly as possible. Though the beast skin armor protects them and helps facilitate the acclimation, it also makes the process a lot slower. If they dispel the armor now, it would still take most of them about as much as another three days to a week to fully adjust. That's way too much time, they'll be driven out by then…

'There are probably two solutions to this. One is to allow them to naturally adjust themselves. Rather than trying to speed up the process, I'll just buy them enough food and water so that they can survive the period without being in danger.

'The second option is to buy up these herbs and potions that can speed up the process and compress it into a short time.

'The first wastes a lot of time and they'll end up being behind everyone else by several days. The second, though, is very expensive. If I took that route, I would blast through at least 30 to 40 thousand Void Points worth.'

This wasn't very surprising to Leonel. A medicine that could speed up how fast one could acclimate to Anarchic Force was practically a miracle drug or vaccine. These supplements were mostly used by higher level seniors who had to quickly adjust themselves to certain sections of the Void Battlefields and could be considered to be life saving measures for already well established geniuses.

In fact, it could be said that the 40 000 point price tag was actually quite cheap, and that was only because the Anarchic Force in this region compared to others was pitiful. As such, Leonel only needed to buy up the weakest of these drugs for about two dozen people, and yet it was still so expensive in the end.

Taking this route would leave Leonel with practically nothing. He wouldn't be able to help as much as he wanted.

'I could trade the beast carcasses I have as well. They're not as valuable as the spatial bristle rings, but I do have a lot more of them…'

"No. We'll do things this way."

Leonel shook his head, his gaze flashing as he came to a decision. After a few more seconds, Leonel quickly exchanged for everything he needed and walked out, only to find a line waiting outside.

'Seems I was quicker, that's good.'

Leonel felt that he was lucky to have entered first. Considering how long those lists were, who knew how much time another person would have wasted?

He stepped by everyone, ignoring the looks they gave toward Aina who was seemingly taking a nap in his arms, and returned to the Three Pillar group. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"Yip! Yip!"

Little Blackstar hopped onto Leonel's head, his two little paws holding onto two spatial bristle rings that Leonel had purposely left behind. With a flick, one landed with Arnold and Elthor while the other was given to Savahn and Yuri.

Leonel's gaze glowed for a moment, cutting off all noise from exiting their general area.

"Yuri, I hope you can help make sure that no one is eaves dropping on us. I have a few important things to say."

Yuri looked toward the peaceful Aina before nodding lightly. This was all Leonel needed before he began.

"Thanks." Leonel turned his attention to everyone. "I hope that even after I am gone, you all will stick together. I've given those two rings to people you all can trust. As much as I want to give one to each of you, if I had done that, I wouldn't have been able to trade for everything you all would need."

When Leonel said this, there was a slight breath of relief released by those that remained. It had felt like Leonel was abandoning them all already, but now they could be a bit more reassured. At the same time, Leonel could protect those he trusted by leaving this power in their hands, that way, those that he didn't know a lot about couldn't take advantage of the situation.

"First things first, I've left enough safe food and water within those rings to last you all a week. During this week, I want you to slowly and naturally become accustomed to Anarchic Force on your own. This will not only save you from any lingering side effects in the future, but it will also equip you to better deal with higher concentrations in later regions.

"I have already bought enough homes for all of you as well."

With a flick of his wrist, some vouchers that Leonel had purchased appeared. Soon, a row of wooden homes appeared along the outskirts of the safe zone. They seemed tightknit and safe. For the next week, as long as they remained inside, no one would be able to touch them.

The good news also was that these homes were very cheap, a fraction of the cost of even the lowest tier spatial bristle ring. All of them together didn't even add up to half that cost either. It was clear the Void Palace didn't think very highly of these cabins.

"Now I'll explain what to do following this week…"