Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1312 Deity

Leonel had tried forming a Pure Force Crystal for several months previously, but he had failed to form even a single one. Not a single one.

How was he supposed to gather a million under these conditions? He wouldn't even know where to begin. Luckily, he didn't have to worry about this alone for long.

"Hey old man, come to Lab 001 for a second."

Leonel didn't speak loudly, but he controlled everything with the Segmented Cube. With a thought, his voice would be projected anywhere he wanted it.

Wise Star Order had been within he Segmented Cube the whole time, having fun with his new favorite toys, or, rather, disciples. This was good though, as it seemed that Candle and Vice were actually doing much better.

Not long after Leonel called out, all three came into the lab to find the enormous tentacle womb looming within a glass case. Candle and Vice weren't allowed into the Lab Setting usually, so this was only the second time they were seeing the tentacle womb after they first fought it.

Candle almost immediately hid behind Wise Star Order, shrinking herself down to the point it seemed she might want to vanish completely. Though, this was much better than her panic-producing hundreds of impenetrable barriers.

Despite Candle's reaction, the current tentacle womb actually looked much better than it did in the past and even seemed to be tending toward a more aesthetically pleasing variance.

Its bottom half was still as grotesque as ever, a vine network of slimy, greyish, purplish, blackish tentacles, protecting the exit of its womb. However, its upper half had become a budding flower with more layers and petals than most could care to count and sharing the very same color scheme.

The mind of the tentacle womb was hidden within and there was actually the face of a beautiful woman that took up the center of the bud. The face was an inhuman sort of beautiful, the kind that felt computer generated. Due to this, despite the fact it was objectively more beautiful than any face Leonel had ever seen, including his mother and Aina's, it still didn't truly feel like it was…

It also obviously didn't help that the face appeared in such an odd location.

That said, Leonel could imagine that as the tentacle womb finished its evolution, it would grow into its own and likely finish what was likely just the beginning stages of its maturation.

"What did you call me here for?"

"I have questions, of course. What are your thoughts on Pure Force Crystals?"

"Rare in the Human Domain." Wise Star Order replied.

"In the Human Domain? Why specifically in the Human Domain?"

"Pure Force Crystals are the representation of purity. They follow just one path and are dead set on it. In the Human Domain, there are too many disciples, not enough unified thought, too much free thinking. It's not an environment conducive to the appearance of Pure Force Crystals."

Leonel's brow furrowed. The way Wise Star Order talked about things seemed simple, but they were laced with profound meanings far beyond his comprehension. He spoke of the creation of an inanimate object as though it hinged on what the animate did.

In the past, Leonel might have already dismissed this as absolutely ridiculous. But, he had learned enough from Wise Star Order by now to understand how it all came together.

The introduction of the Life Grade to him opened up a whole knew door. And, when he felt the last dying wish of his Crafter's Quill, he realized just how tangible that reality was. At that point… These matters didn't feel so ridiculous to him at all and he had even accepted them wholeheartedly.

"Then let me guess, the Spirituals have the highest concentration of Pure Force Crystals there is?"

"I guess the answer to that is both yes and no."

"How so?"

"Well, specific tribes of Spirituals would have very specific stores of Pure Force Crystals, namely Elemental ones. But, they might not necessarily have others. Those will be left mostly to other Races."

"What about the Rapax?"

"They're a good example. Their natural armor makes the density of defense specific Pure Force Crystals especially high. In addition, they have a large variety of Pure Force Crystals that directly benefit the body."

"I see… So if I need a million Fifth Dimensional Force Crystals, what do I do?"

Leonel sighed. He wanted to say that he could rely on the koi fish, but how would he do that? It had very clearly shown him its limits just a day ago when it failed to separate Anarchic Force from regular Force. Obviously, it had its limits, and they were quite severe.

"Do you think I'm a God?"

Wise Star Order looked at Leonel as though he was looking at an idiot. He couldn't understand how someone could be so smart and yet simultaneously stupid.

"Alright, I'll take a different approach then…"

Leonel began to explain to Wise Star Order all the cards he had in his hands, from the tentacle womb to the koi fish, not to mention their deficiencies. With those things laid out, he waited in hopes of hearing a different answer.

"… Of course the fish wasn't able to separate out Force here. It's a Fifth Dimensional existence and you haven't spent any time nurturing it at all. This is a Seventh Dimensional world. If it was already powerful enough to do as it pleased here, you think you would have been able to subdue it so easily.

"A koi fish with those characteristics would be like a worshipped Deity in the Spirituals Domain. Creatures with this ability are very rare and have elevated intelligence. How an idiot like you managed to catch one is beyond me.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"Also, the difficulty of forming Pure Force Crystals is all relative. If you're in a Fifth Dimensional world, especially in a region as weak as the Milky Way, of course you wouldn't form even one in several months. But, if you're in a Seventh Dimensional world, a single Fifth Dimensional Pure Force Crystal isn't nearly as valuable…"

Leonel's brows shot up.