Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1313 Command

Wise Star Order sighed. This rat truly had way too much luck. How it is that things ended up this way was beyond him.

But, when he thought about how this koi fish had appeared on Earth, he felt like it was no wonder. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"I guess it makes sense for this little one to appear on Earth. Your world probably hasn't chosen one yet. There's probably a large concentration of highly talented beasts vying for it, then."

"Hm?" Leonel's head snapped back, his Dreamscape suddenly sparking wildly.

A conversation he had with Uncle Montez resurfaced to his mind instantly.

Montez smiled mysteriously. "Every world has its own Champions. The Champion of the humans is the wielder of the World Spirit. But, when it comes to newly evolved worlds like yours, beasts are at a great disadvantage… Did you think that the universe just favored humanoid creatures? Of course beasts have their own opportunities.

"Whether or not you can find out more will depend on yourself and this little one."

"Someone once told me that a world has both human and beast Champions and that the human Champion is the wielder of the World Spirit. What does the beast Champion get, then?"

"Oh? You do know about this?"

"Is it not common knowledge?"

Leonel was already so used to being in the dark about things that this was his instinct. But, from Wise Star Order's reaction, this seemed to be unlikely.

"No… You seem to not have a grasp on even the simplest things, but then somehow understand things that almost no one does." Wise Star Order shook his head. "Not every world has a beast 'Champion', and not every world can have one to begin with. The requirements of a beast are, unfortunately, far more stringent. And, usually, it's quite difficult for a human as well, at least to fuse the World Spirit into one, but the difference is that the beast equivalent might never appear at all while the World Spirit is guaranteed to appear."

"Why is that?"

"Well, there's a balance that has to be struck. There is no 'Beast Domain' in the Dimensional Verse like there is a Human Domain. Beasts appear everywhere and are technically widely accepted. At the very least, beasts aren't discriminated against. Any conflict between a species and beast is usually quite pure and free of bigotry and a sense of superiority. Usually, it's just a fight for resources and/or land.

"Due to this and other inherent advantages beasts had, it's infinitely more difficult for them to claim territory for themselves. They don't need the protection of the Regulator like humanoids do. They can exist everywhere.

"However, beasts have no less intelligence than humanoids do. Or, more accurately, a certain subset of them do. While it's technically fair for things to be like this, the Regulator still allows freedom of choice, even to beasts. So, those that want more for themselves can take the route usually left to humans.

"It's nothing new… It's simply the birth of a second World Spirit known as the World Beast. I'm not too clear on the abilities considering how rare World Beasts are, but I don't doubt that they share much of the same abilities the World Spirit does."

"I see…"

Leonel's gaze shifted up to the little mink curled up atop his head. He hadn't thought of asking for Blackstar's help even once during his battle with the Rapax and the little guy seemed to have the ability to sense when he wanted to do things alone.

However, at that moment, Leonel couldn't help but remember the tentacle wombs initial evaluation of the koi fish versus Little Blackstar. It deduced that the former was worth way more… Until, that is, Little Blackstar perfectly assimilated with his Void Beast blood.

This made Leonel wonder, though, if Little Blackstar in his base form was actually believed to be so much weaker than the koi fish, what other beasts were lurking in the dark on Earth waiting to become the World Beast?

Was the koi fish really the pinnacle? Or were there other monsters lying in wait? And if he managed to raise up Little Blackstar to become the King of them all, would they obediently fall in line?

Leonel's gaze narrowed.

"So what you mean to say is that under normal Seventh Dimensional conditions, the koi fish would actually be able to produce Fifth Dimensional Pure Force Crystals very quickly?"

"Yes."

"But I can't leave the Void Palace, even my mom couldn't for decades. There's Anarchic Force everywhere here…"

Leonel wasn't really speaking to Wise Star Order anymore when he said this. Rather, he was speaking to himself, trying to find a solution. It was likely that the next time he got to leave the Void Palace, he would be headed to the Morales family Heir Wars. That meant there was no longer any other chances to take a different direction. Would he just have to abandon the tentacle womb for now and focus on other things? It was looking like it…

"Haven't you noticed yet?"

Leonel's pupils suddenly constricted. That was right, how could he have not noticed.

"… There's no Anarchic Force in here."

It wasn't that Leonel wasn't sensitive to such things, it was rather that the Force he could use here was just as thin as the Force he could use outside, so he hadn't noticed originally.

Leonel was used to the Segmented Cube multiplying the Force concentration several times over in here, so when it hadn't, he had assumed that it was because of the Anarchic Force. But, it seemed that he was both correct and incorrect.

With a thought, Leonel could tell that the Segmented Cube was actually siphoning away the Seventh Dimensional Force to fuel its evolution. And, because the Anarchic Force was so thick, it couldn't complete this function and increase the Force concentration at the same time. It also didn't help that the region within the Segmented Cube was so much larger than it had been in the past.

'I see…'

"Divert Force from evolution and focus on maintaining high concentrations in Lab Setting." Leonel commanded.

Almost immediately, the atmosphere began to shift. A strong gush of Force flooded the region to the point Leonel suddenly felt extremely light on his feet.

What he didn't know was that though the Segmented Cube had listened to his command, a certain little girl spirit frowned in her sleep, her little fists waving about in a tantrum.