Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1319 Roundhouse

Leonel's hair fluttered, his body surrounded by powerful Artistic Conceptions. His Star conception looked almost no different from his previous Summer conception. However, the difference in its power was akin to night and day.

Leonel had already set the path for his Heavenly Body Realm comprehension after stepping foot into the core of the Milky Way Guild's Disaster World. His Summer construct was formed as the foundation of his Star construct. His Fall construct was the foundation of his Moon construct. His Winter construct became the foundation of his Planet construct. And, finally, his Spring construct became the foundation of his Meteor construct.

The Summer construct spoke for itself. Radiant Core was a dense mass of Radiant Force, a high radioactive-like Fire Elemental Force. It had strong gravitational and magnetic properties, making it both good for defense, and great for increasing Leonel's offensive output as well. Leonel often liked to use it as a core of his Blade Forces to form volatile drills.

Leonel's Fall construct was only used on occasion, but it was exceptionally powerful, it was dubbed 'A Slow Death', by him. When he released its Artistic Conception, autumn leaves would fall from the skies in gorgeous colors ranging from bright orange to somber reds and browns. It had the effect of sucking away life force, matching with Leonel's Winter construction, Withering Snowfall.

Withering Snowfall was a lot like A Slow Death but rather than targeting the life force of people, it targeted their attacks. When in effect, it felt like the Force in the area had dried up as ash fell from the skies like snowfall.

If an autumn leaf of A Slow Death touched you, you would feel sluggish and slow. If an ashfall of Withering Snowfall touched your technique, its strength would plummet…

Leonel didn't change the names of A Slow Death and Withering Snowfall, and now, they worked together better than they ever had before.

Leonel's Planet Construct became a ball of gorgeous white. Around it, Moons of red, orange and brown rotated, their very presence making one feel as though they had aged a decade. The cycles of the Moon made one feel as though time was passing at varying rates, distorting one's image of reality as though their mind had been cast into an odd illusion. At the same time, the pull of the Planet could cause Force to bend beneath its will, pushing and pulling, multiplying or eradicating…

Together, they were a perfect team, tugging on both reality and imaginary… Having evolved, A Slow Death now placed far more emphasis on 'Slow', a lulling of the mind, a false sense of security, a pulling of wool over the eyes… Likewise, Withering Snowfall placed far more emphasis on Withering now…

Finally, there was Golden Drops, the conception of Spring and now Leonel's Meteor construct. It was the most simple and straightforward. As Spring, it released small droplets of golden rain, each as heavy as an anvil. And now, it released enormous rocks of golden fire, each as heavy as a small mountain!

Subconsciously, Leonel's conceptions of Destruction seeped into his Heavenly Body Realm. It was impossible to avoid. His mind was wrapped into all things Scarlet Star Force, he hardly realized just how many stages he was blazing through without a care.

He just wanted more. He couldn't seem to be satisfied, and he didn't seem to understand fatigue. He kept pushing and pushing, relentlessly.

He didn't even realize that his Moon conception was becoming the most warped, evolving to something that stepped beyond what should have been possible for the Heavenly Body Realm.

It took Leonel four battles to grasp his Meteor construct, eight more to grasp his Planet construct, and easily more than a dozen to grasp his Moon construct.

By the time he fused them all together, reaching the pinnacle and touching upon a state even among other True State comprehenders, he had already fought over 40 battles.

Leonel improved by leaps and bounds with each. Even though the Rapax he faced were supposed to be getting stronger, he seemed to improve even faster than they did. With every strike, his prowess increased by small percentage points. He became more acclimated to his own body, he learned more about his Destruction conceptions, and he began to truly take advantage of his sharpened minds and the awakening of his Soul.

For the first time, Leonel was given challenge after challenge worthy of his talent level. Rather than being stuck in an organization filled with those who couldn't hope to match up to him, he was finally in a world where he couldn't just casually take step after step, and the result…

Leonel's potential was dragged up piece after piece, bit after bit. It started like a trickle but it eventually became an overwhelming tide, a tsunami that washed all those away.

Even still at Tier 5, he faced a Tier 8 Rapax dauntlessly. He grabbed onto its throat, ripping its neck from its shoulder and feeling its final squeals vibrate his palms.

When Leonel appeared again, there was no longer anywhere else to go.

BANG!

This time, it wasn't a geyser. A platform crashed against his, fusing into a makeshift arena with lethal edges and a diameter of just over 20 meters.

Up ahead, a group of geniuses shrouded in veils of gold met Leonel. There were just three of them, but each one carried their own air of haughtiness and pride. When they saw the violet gold sheen around Leonel, their gazes narrowed.

"That's him. The pathetic bastard who had his mommy get his Token for hi—"

Leonel's mind was still in battle mode. He hadn't even considered the idea that these people would want to exchange words. And, even if they did, what did it have to do with him?

His body seemed soaked in a bloody aura, a dense crimson fog fusing with his violet King's Might.

BANG!

His fist crushed the ribcage of the man who had spoken. The sound of shattering bone and an upheaval of blood and vomit resounded as he was sent flying backward.

His two teammates snapped out of their shock, they both reacted at the same time, rushing backward to save their group member before he fell off the edge and toward his death. But, Leonel had followed closely behind.

In a blink, his foot had appeared by the side of a young maiden's face in a perfect roundhouse kick. After fighting so many Rapax, his mind had been infused with all sorts of perfect kicking forms and his body had adapted just as easily.

BANG!

His foot hooked across and downward, slamming her cheeks into the rugged stone platform and deforming her lovely features from two sides at once. If he had used any more strength, her entire head would have burst like a watermelon.

The third and final teammate just barely managed to catch the first Leonel had sent flying before he was sent over into the lake below. However, when he looked back, all he could do was look on in shock.

How… How was the gap so large?

A steamy breath left Leonel's lips, the veins beneath his skin pulsing with a subtle red-gold color. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com