Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1331 Xavnik

Uramus stood outside the tall bronzed doors of the Senate in a daze, not quite knowing what had just happened. He didn't even know how to wrap his mind around this. The Stalwart Polearm Party had been a Party for over 800 years. They had been a Majority or Shared Majority within the Senate for over 300. And yet, they had been demoted back down to a Faction… Just like that?

Uramus suddenly couldn't feel rage anymore. What he felt wasn't helplessness either. Rather, he felt guilt, guilty that a legacy that had lasted so long actually suffered such humiliation at his hands.

It had to be understood that Factions were a very important part of the Void Palace. The Void Palace wasn't just for training youths, it was forging the future leaders of the Human Domain. As such, Factions here represented something very different than it otherwise would.

There were several levels to Factions. Rookie Factions, Bronze Factions, Silver Factions, Gold Factions, Legacy Factions, and finally, Parties.

From Rookie to Gold was fairly straightforward, they separated power based on the strength of their leadership, their accomplishments, their number of members, their average strength, so on and so forth.

A Legacy Faction was a bit different. It wouldn't necessarily be stronger than a Gold Faction, however, it had been passed on and survived more than a single generation. This would happen when the Leader of a Faction promoted to greater ranks, left to enter a Party, or was granted a Title by a Party.

This wouldn't be considered a betrayal. In fact, a Legacy Faction would gain great prestige if their Leader was recruited by a Party. There were only 999 Senate Seats and a limited number of Parties could claim them depending on their feats of strength. A Faction promoting to a Party was extraordinarily rare, so rare, in fact, that it might only occur once every few hundred years. As such, the most talented of Faction leaders would choose to take this route. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Finally, there was the level of Parties. Parties were those who held the truest power within the Void Palace to the point where they could assert control over the rules that governed everyone.

Parties were split into Minority Parties, Majority Parties and Shared Majority Parties. There were also special Ranks among these Parties, for example, the Party Whip who was tasked with maintaining order, organizing votes, and other things of the like.

Minority Parties were unironically the majority of Parties. They could control anywhere from one seat to a few. Majority Parties were Parties that controlled at least 500 seats, giving them defacto majority on all decisions regardless of how everyone else voted.

Shared Majorities were a bit trickier. They could refer to a single Party which controlled less than 500 seats and as such might be overruled by the combined effort of all other Parties. Or, in this case, it could refer to two or more clashing behemoths.

The Unfettered Blade Party and Stalwart Polearm Party both controlled over 500 seats between them. As such, if the two Parties agreed on anything, there was nothing the other Parties could do. But… That was exactly the reason for the latter's downfall.

There were too many Parties looking for a method to finally breathe and break through. The fall of a giant would result in an uprise in competition. They had been stifled for too long.

Even now, Uramus had no idea how such a thing had happened. The rulebook of Void Senators was far too long and he couldn't' be bothered to read all of it. He had thought that because they controlled 244 Seats, no one could even dream of ousting them all at once like this. And yet…

How could he not feel incompetent? His number one enemy had demoted them all the way from a Shared Majority Party down to a Legacy Faction and he didn't even know how they had done it.

Uramus listlessly stared up into the sky.

**

Hours later, Rosen sat in his office. The Void Council Hall wasn't just made up of its gathering location, but also doubled as the main base of most Parties. As the current sole Shared Majority Leader, he was feeling very content. However, his expression was quite calm.

And then, the door opened.

Rosen's gaze narrowed, but didn't rise, nor did he seem too surprised. The young man that walked in did so leisurely, his expression not wavering in the face of Rosen's aura in the slightest despite clearly being several levels weaker.

The young man was handsome, his overly chiseled jaw being a hallmark of his looks. His skin was bronzed, as was his hair, a pair of hazel eyes acting as the centerpiece of it all.

He was tall, standing at least seven feet and his back was as straight as a javelin. Every one of his steps was measured and his every movement wasted not the slightest hint of energy. In one glance, you might believe this young man to be a scholar, but in the next you might believe him to be a general. It was impossible to pinpoint accurately.

"It seems that you've taken my advice. Congratulations, Shared Majority Leader Rosen."

The young man smiled, taking a seat across from Rosen. Whether it was by his actions or by his words, even in the face of this lofty Seventh Dimensional existence, he seemed to innately feel as though they were already equals…

No… Maybe that was just him giving Rosen some face. If the young man had his way, he might look down on the entire world. Despite only being within the Sixth Dimension, he had forced his seniors to dance on the palm of his hands. And, even facing them now, he had no desire, nor the need, to be humble.

Rosen stared at this young man deeply, not answering immediately. It was difficult to tell what it was he was thinking until he actually spoke…

"It seems the Morales family has an excellent pool of candidates this time around, isn't that right, Young Heir Xavnik?"