Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1333 One Rule

Xavnik walked out of the Senate with a light smile on his face, his expression carefree. He walked by the straggling members of the Stalwart Polearm Party without a word, none of them being aware that the young man who had put them in such a state was right before them.

He strolled down the pathways, his demeanor remaining the same. However, when he reached a patch of forest, his steps suddenly paused.

"It was you, wasn't it?"Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

The voice came from a shadow hidden behind a tree. Despite the fact Xavnik was at most a meter away, it was still difficult to see this person as though they had perfectly fused into the shadows. Still, Xavnik didn't seem to have a very hard time telling who it was.

Smiling lightly, Xavnik shook his head. "I'm not sure what you mean."

The voice remained silent for a long while, but Xavnik didn't move either. It was as though the both of them had entered a state of tacit silence, each probing the other as though to check to see which of them was bluffing more than the other.

"I have to say, it's quite an excellent move. First Nova was just on the verge of becoming a core member of the Stalwart Polearm Party, and now he's effectively wasted more than a decade of effort. Fourth Nova also just managed to gain their favor and promote his Faction to a Legacy Faction as well. If this was you, you've quite effectively crippled two of them."

Xavnik chuckled. "Even if it was me, your conclusion would be too exaggerated, don't you think? Crippling First Nova with just a single move? Is that even possible? Your attempts at probing me are just as terrible as they always are, Second Nova. We both know First Nova well enough to understand that this isn't a setback, it's an opportunity on a silver platter. So, why would I ever do that?"

"Indeed…"

Despite not being able to see Second Nova's face, the narrowing of his gaze was practically palpable.

The crippling of the Stalwart Polearm Party might sound like a terrible plight for First Nova, but that was only if their Eldest Nova was incompetent. The only one to truly suffer from this was Fourth Nova, but he was actually foolish enough to follow in the same path as First Nova as though there would be scraps to pick up and make use of. He had no one to blame but himself.

With the regression of a Party back to a Legacy Faction, especially a Party with such deep roots and foundations, there would be a chance to capitalize. The heads of former management would likely roll and that would allow new voices to bloom where they would otherwise not have a single chance.

So, Xavnik was perfectly correct, First Nova would actually greatly benefit from this, and that was exactly why though it seemed Second Nova was sure that Xavnik had acted, there was actually no way to tell… because the motive was simply too murky. Even he couldn't tell exactly what Xavnik's purpose would be if he had done this…

And that made it all the more serious.

The struggle between Swordmen and Spearmen was a tale as old as time itself. The push and pull of both factions had gone back and forth for too long. Even though most of the Morales brothers hadn't chosen to join the Stalwart Polearm Party because First Nova had already staked his claim upon it, that didn't mean that they didn't benefit from the Stalwart Polearm Party in other ways.

Polearm wielders fell under the former Party's umbrella of protection. With their fall, the changes would start subtly, but they could very well eventually snowball.

It would start with less materials capable of manufacturing polearms being procured, then it would lead to less spears overall being forged, then it would lead to less investment in the discipline overall, less techniques created, less training rooms maintained, and eventually, you would look up one day and there would be less polearm geniuses overall.

These would all be small, almost insignificant changes in the short term, but in the long term, and on a large scale, it would soon become an avalanche.

This would just be the tip of the iceberg. Second Nova wouldn't be surprised to see more sword fanatics in positions of power very soon, making life a living hell for those at the very bottom.

This was the second reason why Second Nova just couldn't reconcile this matter. The grudge between the Morales family and the Suaird family, the Kings of the Spear and the Kings of the Sword, was just as deep as the grudge between the Morales family and the Force Crafter's Guild.

There were no small number of Morales family members who were active members of the Stalwart Polearm Party, and it was likewise for the Suaird family and the Unfettered Blade Party. Crippling the former would be like Xavnik shooting himself in the foot. None of it made sense.

"It's been a nice talk, Auran." Xavnik smiled lightly. "You should really get rid of that habit of sneaking up on people, I'm used to it already, but what will Littlest Nova think?"

Auran fell into silence for a moment before he responded.

"… You weren't targeting our littlest brother, were you?"

His voice seemed to carry a hint of cold to it that hadn't been there before. Though Seventh Nova was the least threatening of them all due to his late start, he was also the greatest variable purely due to who his father was. With a wild card in play, maybe someone smart would prefer to take him out before he could grow.

Xavnik, though, let out an exasperated sigh. Why did everyone think he was a murderer? Actually, he was a murderer… Just not one that would target his own family, and definitely not one that would target someone who was effectively his baby brother.

"You think my information network is better than yours? You tell me when you found out he would be here and if you'd have enough time to plan this in that span."

These words were simple and Xavnik had already begun to walk past the tree as he spoke them. But, they also seemed to relax Auran a great deal.

It seemed that Auran would allow Xavnik to simply disappear. But, in the end, he still got in another word.

"Third Nova, you're walking a thin line here. There's only ever been one rule for the Heir Wars. Don't choose power over family."

Xavnik chuckled. "I'll keep that in mind, Second Nova."