Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1339 Vessel

Leonel didn't wait for the result of his attack. He instantly erupted with he full force of the Heavenly Body Realm, rotating to the back of the Runed Rapax in one fluid motion.

As expected, Leonel's attack wasn't nearly strong enough to snap the Runed Rapax's knee. But, it was just enough for it to lose its balance while it had a leg in the air. And, just as predicted, its tail quickly flickered, stabbing into the ground with a dull thump to keep it upright.

Even for a Sixth Dimensional Runed Rapax, stabbing through a ground of a Seventh Dimensional world like this, especially one continuous tempered by the erosion of Anarchic Force, was a difficult task. The result what its scorpion-like tail catching a small bit of earth before slipping, only to quickly stab down again to achieve true balance.

But, by the time it had done this, Leonel was already to its back, his fists glowing like two radiant suns as a moon and planet appeared to his back. The moment they did, Leonel's Dark Ice Domain erupted, making the Runed Rapax feel as though its body was stuck in limbo.

Leonel's gaze flashed, his mind entirely focused on the tender flesh of the Runed Rapax. His Star Constructs shrunk down violently beneath his command, their strength concentrating into fine points as Level Two golden Spear Force manifest under Leonel's will.

BANG! BANG!

"SSKKKREEEE!"

Leonel drew blood. The spurt of bluish liquid reflecting in his irises as two holes appeared on either side of the Runed Rapax's spine. However, despite the minor victory, Leonel's expression didn't shift even the slightest bit. With smooth steps, he glided backward, dodging the whipping tail of the Runed Rapax.

With a thought, Leonel's Meteor Construct manifested. Following the momentum of the furiously whipping tail, the beam of metallic gold enveloped the scorpion-like spikes and increased its weight several fold, causing the Runed Rapax to misjudge and overcorrect, veering its tail off course and out of its control for a few precious fragments of a second.

Leonel's Moon Construct flashed, the Runed Rapax's conceptualization of time dilating. In those moments, the Runed Rapax felt as though it had suddenly entered a Dream, no matter how fast it ran, it wasn't fast enough. But, in this case, no matter how much strength it put into swinging its tail back after missing, it didn't seem like enough.

The gorgeous white planet to Leonel's back layered this effect. While the Moon attacked the Runed Rapax's mind, the Planet Construct attacked its physical body, fusing with the effecting of the Meteor Construct and pressing down with an oppressive gravity.

The fluidity of Leonel's actions were seamless. One action rolled into the next, his mind working at warp speeds and his calculations becoming more and more precise with each passing second.

The Runed Rapax found itself swinging from being off balance on one side to suddenly overcompensating and being caught completely off balance toward another.

It was right then that Leonel's second prepared attack flourished. His Spear Domain crown glowed, shimmering with a blinding golden light that washed the dark tunnels in a Kingly Might. His Vital Force brought his body to the very brink, the flames surrounding his heart forcing it to heat up and pound relentlessly. And finally, his Forces fused into one, pilling on top of one another relentlessly.

Leonel had learned a lot about his Spear Domain Lineage Factor after his recent breakthrough. While it seemed like the only change was that his Spear Force had gone from a more normal and bland white color to a piercing gold, this was far from the case.

Leonel had come to understand that while his Spear Force could be powerful on its own, it could also act as a vessel and conduit for his other strengths. Why was it that every Spear Domain Spear felt so unique? Each had its own unique Element or ability to it. Such a thing felt odd. Should they be more focused on the purity of the Spear itself as a weapon? Why was it that some focused on Water, others on Fire, yet others on Lightning or Light? Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

The answer to that was simple. From the very beginning, the Spear Domain Lineage Factor was capable of absorbing all things, becoming the foundation of a warrior's Style no matter what kind of Ability or other affinities they might have.

So, when Leonel fused his Light Elemental, Fire Elemental and Star Elemental Forces into his Spear Force, it was as though a dry land had suddenly been blessed with a flood of water. It greedily swallowed it all, its insatiable greed fueling its rise in power.

'That's it.'

A CRACK! suddenly resonated in Leonel's mind, his irises flickering to life as a red-gold Rune formed within their midst. As though being infused with a raging new power, Leonel's Spear Force gained a tinge of crimson, forming into a drill under the strength of his Star Constructs and aiming for the back of the Runed Rapax once again.

BANG!

The result… Was far outside of expectations.

Leonel found himself being slapped flying, his ribs breaking in several places and a projectile of blood leaving his lips and marring the inside of his helmet. Leonel could only use the tendrils of darkness from his beast armor to break his impact against the wall, but even that hardly made it better.

With a grunt, Leonel slid down an opposing wall, the menacing roar of a Runed Rapax bearing down on him.

The Runed Rapax's mouth had split over, revealing a long row of sharp, saliva dripping teeth and a tongue longer and more rugged than any Leonel had ever seen before. In the blink of an eye, it had already appeared above Leonel, its menacing mouth dripping.

Leonel coughed again, his gaze looking up as he slumped to the ground. It seemed that in the end, he wasn't able to predict the next attack like he had the first. Leonel had maximized his chances by minimizing the amount of times the Runed Rapax could attack, but he couldn't seal the deal.

However, even now, Leonel's gaze was unmoved.

"Haven't noticed something wrong with your body yet?" Leonel asked coldly.

The Runed Rapax froze.

[Fallen Apostle ebook should be live in 4ish hours (I think, or whenever the 24th is for you). If not, it will be some time tomorrow. Big thanks to you guys for always supporting me <3 >> https://linktr.ee/Awespec (10/23/22)]