Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1341 BANG!

Leonel coughed up another large mouthful of blood.

'Son of a bitch…'

He had gotten far too used to seeing this ceiling today. But, he hadn't expected to see it after saving a beauty. This wasn't how the script was supposed to go, who wrote this bullshit?

Unfortunately, it wasn't over. Leonel had hoped that a single strike would be enough to vent her rage, but he had hardly rebounded off of an opposing wall when he found another fist nearing his face.

Leonel reacted as quickly as he could, crossing his arms over his head. But, to his astonishment, it had been nothing more than a feint. What looked like a dainty hand, completely dwarfed by the size of Leonel's own, smashed a fist into his chest, sending Leonel into the wall again.

The pain wrecked Leonel's body, his partially healed ribs cracking cleanly once again with an audible snap. With how powerful Leonel's body was, every injury he suffered was like metal being snapped in two, even his muscles themselves were like intertwining steel cords, layered atop of one another with a strength that spoke for itself.

The second wave of pain seemed to snap Leonel awake, the helplessness in his gaze vanishing and leaving behind a hidden sharpness.

Leonel immediately entered a defensive position, tucking his elbows to the side of his body and raising his fists to opposing sides of his face. Like this, he could finally see the rampaging Aina before him. If it wasn't for the ridiculous situation he was in, he might have spared a thought for how much of a War Goddess she seemed to be right this moment.

Her tight beast skin clothing clung to her curves, her muscles pulsing with a vibrant power. She released a barrage of kicks and fists, entering a furious berserk state as though she wanted nothing more than to see Leonel beaten into minced meat.

Leonel couldn't seem to find a gap to counter attack. Aina's assault was seamless and even though she rarely used her fists and legs like this, her battle sense didn't seem to take even the slightest hint. In fact, after just a handful of exchange, a glow took hold of Aina's body and Leonel's brow furrowed.

Fist Force.

Suddenly, Aina's attacks became sharper.

Leonel realized he couldn't stay on his backfoot like this or else all he would be was a glorified punching bag. Even his metallic body was starting to feel as though it was being kneaded into a soft dough beneath this woman's relentless barrage.

He took a strong step forward, taking advantage of his powerful defenses and swinging a punch out that ignored everything. He just needed to break Aina's rhythm, just enough that he could find a chance to counter. However, he had only just opened up his defenses when Aina's figure seemed to flicker, her fist connecting with his chin as though there was a magnet connecting the two.

Leonel felt his head spin, his hook losing momentum. Without Dream Sense, he couldn't shake his mind awake fast enough and he quickly suffered a shin to his hip mere instants later.

'Dammit.'

Aina's violent barrage seemed to leave craters in Leonel's body. He bounced around like a pinball. Every time it seemed like he would escape, he'd find another fist or foot in his path, throwing him back from whence he came.

"THAT'S ENOUGH!"

Leonel's roar was like a clap of thunder, however it didn't waver Aina's assault in the slightest. It rolled off her shoulders as though it was never there but by then, Leonel's gaze had already become a frightening cold. The Aina reflected in his gaze became nothing more than a slab of meat, a simulation hovering within his Dream World.

Going from the difficulty in calculating a Rapax's next move to the ease of calculating a human's seemed to fuel Leonel with a sharper mind. It was like he had just spent years in a low oxygen environment, only to suddenly have all the air he could breathe at once. His body thrummed like it had been hit with a spike of dopamine, his movements suddenly becoming so sharp and calculated that Aina was forced to take her first step backward.

Fists and knees clashed as though cinderblocks. It didn't sound like the resonating echoes of flesh and bone. Rather, the two were like machines of war, commanding their mechs to leave devastation in their wakes.

What Leonel lacked in battle prowess, his mind made up for in spades. What Aina lacked in calculative ability, her innate senses and reflexes covered for several times over.

The two were like a whirlwind, twin cyclones rampaging about and only seeming to grow more and more violent with each passing moment. Their eyes locked across the short distance that separated them, their irises flickering with an undisguised coldness.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

Elbows, knees, feet, even a headbutt or two when they seemed to have completely run out of methods to attack. They were absolutely relentless, seemingly holding nothing back.

Little Blackstar hopped in the air from side to side, completely agitated. It was like the poor little guy was watching his parents fight and didn't even know how to go about stopping it. The little mink could only let out exasperated 'yips' from time to time, making it seem like he was trying to get to them to stop but to no avail at all.

It was as though the two had completely forgotten that they were in enemy territory. In fact, with the way things looked now, maybe it was lucky the Rapax didn't come across them in such a state or else the first to be ripped apart would definitely be them.

BANG!CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Their fists collided through the air, both being forced to skid back. Their arms hung in the air, their eyes still glaring at one another.

Hot air billowed out of both of their mouths, their lungs and limbs screaming. However, they didn't speak a single word.