Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1355 Come Again?

Aina didn't say anything toward Leonel's words. But, seeing the state Little Blackstar was in, her expression, too, turned cold. She had been too wrapped up in her initial guilt to feel the same rage Leonel did. But, after that faded, it wasn't a surprise that she didn't feel too differently.

However, for the three listening to this conversation, they felt like they were listening to an insane pair of people.

You wanted to meet a Shadow Sovereign? Excuse me?

Just judging by the state Little Blackstar was in, this Shadow Sovereign was most likely at least within the Sixth Dimension, if not higher. The fact they had deployed their Shadow Domain here also likely meant that they were a Rapax!

It had to be understood that Rapax with non-physical type Ability Indexes were extraordinarily rare. Often, they were taken to be cripples by their race. However, there were a small percentage of this already rare contingent that were seen as even more valuable than those with the most powerful physical type Ability Indexes.

In this case, a Shadow Sovereign would most definitely be among this number. This meant that this Rapax wasn't just a Runed Rapax, it was definitely an elite amongst Runed Rapax and would be treated as such.

But, this was just the tip of the iceberg. That was because there was a hidden struggle between Shadow Sovereigns that only involved them. Each Shadow Sovereign was a unique sort of existence, but it was also very difficult for them to improve as a result.

However, swallowing another Shadow Sovereign's Domain was an easy shortcut to this sort of improvement. It wasn't a matter of if this Shadow Sovereign was coming, it was a matter of when. With Little Blackstar in such a vulnerable position, he was practically easy food.

The fact that Little Blackstar was a beast only made it all the more enticing because his Beast Crystal could be taken and swallowed as well, allowing the Rapax to benefit twice over.

They should be running for their lives, not standing menacingly out in the open as though they couldn't wait for confrontation. That was suicide!

The middle young man finally couldn't seem to take it anymore and stepped forward.

"Listen, I know exactly how my words are going to come off as, but I don't care. Our lives are on the line here. It's fine if you want to stay and get revenge for your beast companion, but we can't risk our lives along with you. If you could tell us which direction is closest to the exit, I would greatly appreciate it."

The young man was known as Ogier. He tried to choose an approach that was respectful, but also forceful in what he was asking. He didn't want this to devolve into a battle, but if it had to, he was ready nonetheless. He had no will to risk his life for the sake of a little beast he had just met.

At the same time, he knew that he had no right to ask for information this very same little beast had risked its life to get. However, without this information, he didn't believe he could survive. Toward such ends, he could only choose the path of the hypocrite. No one would care about this in ten years when he was alive and these two were dead.

However, what Ogier hadn't expected was…

"That direction. You can go now."

Leonel pointed straight between two of the entrances and toward an expanse of fog. He didn't particularly care whether these people stayed with them or not. And, the truth was that he hadn't wanted to take them along to begin with. The only reason he had was because of his conscience. However, since they wanted to go, he wouldn't stop them.

Ogier froze. He opened his mouth to say thank you, but then he suddenly thought of a large problem…

What if he was lying?

His heart began to beat out of his chest. Technically, they were all still in competition, right? What if Leonel wanted a convenient method of dealing with them?

Ogier didn't know what to say or do for a very long time. He couldn't even think of a way to ensure that this was the truth.

"Are you lying to us?"

The only young woman of the three stepped forward, her brows knit into a frown.

"Roxane—"

"We need to ask. If he's sending us off to our deaths out of spite, then wouldn't we be dying for nothing? It's true that he doesn't owe us anything, but that wouldn't give him the right to screw us over, right?"

The last of the three stepped forward realizing that there was only one side of this issue that he could stand upon. If he didn't side with Roxane and Ogier, he would have no way of confirming his own safety as well.

Leonel met the momentum of the three across from him with a deadpan expression. Quite frankly, he wasn't in the mood, not at all. This was the absolute worst time for anyone to antagonize him. He was very close to attacking and leaving them here to rot in their own foolishness.

Even though he could understand where they were coming from, he simply didn't have the patience for it. The fact they had run into him in the first place was already a blessing for them, but it seemed that they hadn't realized this. Even their previous battle had only ended because his father had scared the Rapax they were fighting away.

"How exactly do you expect us to prove this to you?"

Surprisingly, it was Aina who spoke instead, her expression frosting over as her battle ax vibrated.

"There's a simple solution. You seem to care about your beast partner and it's in far too injured a state to help you in battle regardless. Give it to us and we'll follow your directions. That way we'll be rest assured in the fact you aren't lying to us."Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Roxane had hardly finished her words when she felt her knees go weak.

"Come again?" Aina asked coldly.