Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

1372 Spear Domain

The spear graveyard in the Black Grade region of the Spear Domain had truly felt as such. However, as Leonel walked forward and crossed from the Bronze Grade region into the Silver Grade region, he felt as though he was entering a whole new world.

The number of spears littered in the surroundings were just as numerous and, quite frankly, actually seemed to be far larger in number. The Bronze Grade region had already been twice as large as the Black Grade region, and despite just stepping foot in the Silver Grade region, Leonel could feel that the scale was even larger, at least ten times that of the Bronze Region.

One would think that the more powerful the spears became, the less of them there would be. But, the Spear Domain seemed to throw this logic out of the window, and Leonel felt that maybe, just for this case alone, it made sense.

Leonel didn't know anything about the origins of the Spear Domain ring, but what he did know was that every spear here had been acknowledged by it. The Spear Domain wouldn't allow unworthy spears to enter its ranks.

Just by this logic alone, it would make sense that those with access to higher quality spears would be the largest pool of powerhouses whose tales could be found inscribed here.

It made Leonel think, though. What was he missing out on?

If his logic was sound, then that would mean that the spears in the Black and Bronze Regions were far more impressive for having made it so far. To take less and make more of what they had, the spearmen and women of those regions had to climb a far taller mountain.

The thought made Leonel wonder if he was missing out on the best experiences the Spear Domain had to offer. Ever since he claimed his first Spear Peak, he had been treating the spears at the bottom of the hills as mere stepping stones. He only observed them for long enough to grasp their essence and bolster his understanding of the Domain that ruled over them all.

Leonel took another heavy step forward, his chest heaving.

In the future, he would definitely have to observe the Spear Domain for longer and see if there was anything he had skipped over and missed. He would also definitely have to ask Wise Star Order about what he might or might not know about it. But for now…

He needed a Quasi Gold Spear.

Leonel didn't just want to beat Amery, he wanted to defeat him with a spear. Whether that was realistic or not, he didn't know. And, for now, he didn't care.

Back then Amery had tried to take his Spear Domain ring away. There was no doubt in Leonel's mind that Amery was well aware of what family he came from and what the origins of it were, but he simply did not care.

It was obvious that Amery both didn't fear the Morales family, and actually just might be enemies with them.

Such a victory, Leonel didn't just want to claim for himself, but also the Morales family. Of course, this wasn't because Leonel had suddenly become a loyal to the core Morales family member. It was rather because, as far as he was concerned, this family would be his to control in the future. If he didn't put his best foot forward now… When would he?

"Ha…"

Leonel pulled himself up the hill. By now, in the outside world, his body was completely drenched in sweat. A worried Aina watched on, but there was nothing that she could do. She had to protect Leonel from the front. She hadn't forgotten that they were in the middle of a battlefield right this moment. If it wasn't for Amery, they would have already been swarmed. But, it was clear from Leonel's reaction that Amery was most definitely not an ally.

The time continued to tick by an eventually an entire half hour had passed. The sweat drenching Leonel's body had only gotten worse. If Aina didn't know better, she would have thought that Leonel was being boiled alive, but what could possibly force someone with maybe the greatest Fire Elemental Affinity in the Human Domain to sweat like this? Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Aina could only be baffled. Leonel's Force didn't seem to be circulating and his strength seemed stagnate as his stamina plummeted. None of it made sense.

Aina's head suddenly snapped up, her gaze narrowing. She had expected this to happen, but when it finally did, she still couldn't' help but put her guard up.

Several groups of youths poured in, having been delayed by going to the wrong location. When they saw the situation, many didn't quite know or understand how to react. And, the few that recognized Amery, gave themselves a long pause, apprehension growing in their hearts.

Conon of the Lio family, Simona of the Pyius family and the large Armand of the Tarius family were all present. However, they only represented the geniuses of just their foggy lake. Aina could tell instantly, just from her instinct alone, that there were at least six or more others that carried that same level of danger in the way they carried themselves.

Leonel and Aina didn't go unnoticed, and it made those that recognized them frown. They could accept Amery getting here before them, but Leonel and Aina were a different matter entirely.

Among this number included a familiar group of three. Or, rather two… It seemed that the third of their trio hadn't made it.

The atmosphere immediately became odd. In the center, there was a singular young man fighting dozens of elite Rapax on his own. The effort on his part wasn't small, but it was clear that he was reserving himself, waiting for something.

Around this battle, several groups formed, among which was Leonel and Aina. Many of them eyed the egg, unwilling to take their eyes off of it. Not everyone understood exactly what was at stake here. In fact, the majority were ignorant. However, it didn't take a genius to understand what the most valuable thing here was.

Aina's grip tightened around her ax, her eyes remaining focused as she protected Leonel to her back.