Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1382 Crown and Halo

The corpse vanished as Leonel released his grip. His head slowly tilted upward, his irises having turned entirely crimson. It seemed as though they had gained unfathomable depths, impossible to gauge, impossible even to look straight into.

With a single flap of his wings, the ground beneath him cracked and trembled. When his figure became slightly more substantial than a blur, he had appeared amidst Aina's battle with the first shadow seamlessly, crossing through the parade of blades and sharp wings as though they weren't a danger in the slightest.

His spear descended down from the skies, the cracking of its body seeming to be slowly healing with each passing moment, erupting fiery licks of golden-red flames jetting out from its imperfections.

"No!"

The raspy voice for the first shadow called out, but there was no longer a chance. The Scarlet Star Force swirling about Leonel now was firmly within the Fifth Dimension. To these people here, he was a god and a deity, untouchable and unblemished.

BANG!

The blade severed the shadow in two, incinerating them to ash before even hitting the ground.

At that moment, a third shadow appeared before Leonel, just a step too late. Leonel was almost certain that this was the very same man with the low, baritone voice that had called out for him to stop initially. Unfortunately for him, he had been far too slow.

A surging palm aimed directly for Leonel's chest, fast and swift. The air collapsed around it, stacking and fusing. There was no room to move or dodge. The instant Leonel landed on the ground, it had arrived and a clap of the sound barrier shattering matched the timing absolutely perfectly.

BOOM!

The hand doubled in size the instant it collided with Leonel, becoming no different from the shadow panda of before. The difference was that this time, rather than being a Shadow Sovereign, this individual seemed to have a vibration type ability. The power behind this blow alone should have been enough to even tear a Tier 1 Sixth Dimensional existence to shreds in a single strike…

And it landed right on Leonel.

Vicious winds kicked up, a violent cyclone of wild gusts and gales wreaking havoc toward everything in its path.

Aina, who had now ended up to Leonel's back, braced herself for impact, her eyes widening in shock and worry. She didn't understand why Leonel was suddenly so infuriated, but that didn't mean that she wanted to see him hurt.

However, what was supposed to come… never did.

Leonel's gaze shifted down to the palm resting on his chest. This time, two flickering golden Runes danced within his crimson irises, sometimes apart, sometimes fusing. Their fluidity was something that one could get lost in for hours on end, only to realize that you were still in the middle of a battle.

Leonel's free hand reached out and clamped down on the wrist of the male shadow. The coldness of his eyes, hidden behind the visor of his Divine Armor, almost permeated through, making one feel that their souls had suddenly been thrown into the abyss of hell's coolest waters, freezing to death in what was nothing more than a single instant.

"AGH!"

A pained roar left the shadow as it pulled away. But, under the horrified gazes of everyone present, the arm that Leonel still held on to crumbled to ash. If the shadow hadn't forcefully ripped itself away, maybe its entire body would have suffered the same fate.

It was then that the flickering and dancing Golden Runes in Leonel's irises increased from two each to three, making the intensity of the flames around him increase once again.

"Die."

Leonel swung his spear from its downward sloped position, leaving a gorgeous arc of crimson and gold that sliced the shadow in two. There was no suspense, only a final roar of struggle before he suddenly found himself eviscerated.

At that moment, the glowing phoenix finally caught up to Leonel once again, spiraling into the air and releasing a sonorous call into the skies.

Its beak opened wide, its wings spreading and its chest expanding. With a single bellow, a piercing laser of crimson left its lips, cutting across the battlefield and piercing through two more shadows.

They stood not a single chance, finding themselves burnt to ash even before they could even call out for help. The fiery pits left in the beam's wake were quickly dodged by those that remained, the heat alone became enough to char their skins and dry their throats.

The phoenix shrunk in size by a small measure, but Leonel didn't seem to care in the slightest. With another command, the majestic bird's chest expanded once more, another beam of light cutting across the battlefield and this time taking out another three shadows.

Leonel was absolutely relentless. By the time the first beam had landed, he had already crossed through half the battlefield. By the time the second landed, he had reached his destination.

His King's Might pressured their minds. His Scarlet Star Force pressured their bodies. And his relentless want for violence and blood shook their hearts.

It was an absolute slaughter. Leonel didn't seem to see any Rapax or humans. Every time he laid eyes on a shadow it didn't matter who they were fighting, how many were fighting them, if they were winning their battles or if they were losing.

It was simply one savage execution after the next, and none of it seemed to be enough.

Even crossing Amery's face, he didn't spare the latter a single glance.

Piercing his spear into the ground, he caused a volcanic eruption to splinter even the moistening earth. The shadow who was arguably the most powerful of them all, fighting amidst Amery and the Rapax suddenly found that it had nothing steady to stand upon.

Leonel didn't even bother to retract his spear from the ground, his hands coming together like a twin pair of claws, clamping down toward either side of the shadow's head.

It roared in protest, but the space around its skull suddenly cracked like ice-blue glass, freezing it in place to the point it couldn't move in the slightest. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Leonel drove his knee upward, an enraged roar leaving his throat as he slammed his kneecap into the shadow's head.

And explosion of ice, space and fire spiraled out in all directions as a headless corpse fell to the ground.

Leonel stood in the middle of the battlefield, no one within a ten meter radius of him except for a litter of corpses.

The Crown of a King graced his forehead. The Halo of a God graced his presence.