Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1388 Clear Line

CLANG!

Spear and sword met, an overwhelming strength traveling up Leonel's arms and making his teeth chatter.

Leonel found an uncontrollable Force sending him back, his feet gliding along the moist ground as waters continued to flood inward. At this point, it felt that it would only be a matter of time before they were forced to use Force to glide atop the green water.

Leonel's gaze shifted to Amery's blade, his lip curling when he realized it was the very same wooden sword from the day, he hadn't even bothered to take out anything better, nor did he feel like he had to.

There was something very special about Amery's Sword Force. It was powerful and seemed to be even more useful than a blade itself. It almost felt like blasphemy to use anything other than a wooden sword because that was the only thing that could bring out its true strength.

Leonel knew that this was just an illusion. Or, rather, he deduced that it was, an instinctual sharpness of his eye and experience coming to the conclusion. He could see through and understand much more of Amery's Force now, and he knew well that it wasn't because of his Spear Force…

Leonel's aura surged, a crown appearing upon his forehead as a shimmering golden spear took up its center.

Amery seemed to respond in kind, a bright golden sword forming upon his.

CLANG! CLANG! CLANG!

The flurry of exchanges was heated, but there was no doubt who had the upper hand.

In swiftness, Amery was faster. In power, Amery was stronger. In skill, Amery was more deft and dexterous, his sword responding to every situation with the relaxation of a leaf blowing in the wind.

The battle seemed to carry him from stance to stance, nothing seeming to be too difficult for him to respond to.

Cuts began to appear along Leonel's body, Amery's blade treating his metallic skin like thin sheets of paper. Only the most minor of shifts and dodges managed to keep Leonel away from fatal blows, but it felt as though a trap was closing the distance around him.

'I see…' Leonel's expression remained cold and indifferent, the smile he had had for Aina not seeming to be present in the slightest. '… So that's the difference between them. That's what my Spear Force is lacking… That's also what my Bow Force is lacking… It seems that there's a shortcut that fixes all of this.'

BANG!

Leonel's aura flourished. No matter how tired he was, there would always be one thing that remained unblemished and untainted, untouched by the weaknesses of the world.

His will.

A dense purple fog rose up, the shimmering halo above Leonel's head vibrating as he stretched out his spear, the glow suddenly infusing into it.

Why did Leonel feel such reverence for Amery's swords? Why did Amery dare to call himself the Sword Deity? It was because his sword embodied those very characteristics.

Wise Star Order had already told Leonel that at the highest levels, Force could curate a personality of its own. And, in that case, wouldn't that mean that the highest levels of comprehended Blade Forces would also have to reach such a level? To step into a Realm that would be worthy of the Life Grade?

Amery had to spend his whole life honing his blade, refining his Force, and tempering his skill in order to birth a Sword Force that had its own dignity and pride, one that not only embodied strength, but also a loftiness that few could match.

However, Leonel didn't have as many years as Amery did… Nor did he need to.

Leonel's King's Might flooded his Spear Force, causing its bright golden hue to suddenly gain a violet tint. The royal violet gold color it now wafted seemed to elevate it to an all new level.

BANG!

The crown upon Leonel's forehead grew a size. The singular golden spear tripled, forming two smaller units to its side, the now semi-circular crown glowing with a tinge of purple now as well. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"I would advise that you stop hold back." Leonel said coldly, his spear swinging again.

CLANG!

For the first time, Leonel's spear met Amery's blade and neither took a single step back. The viciousness of their clash was somehow completely understated, not even the slightest wind splintering outward for just a moment. And then… The cascade of booming cacophonies rampaged about, their figures becoming blurs as they weaved in and out of their clashes, the cavern slowly filling up with water as it trembled.

BOOM!

Leonel landed heavily on the ground, his breath heavy.

Amery landed lightly a distance away. He rose up his sword in a fencing stance, gazing upon his wooden blade with a curious eye.

"Alright," he said lightly.

His sword swished downward. In a single motion, it seemed to have flickered and vanished. When Amery's hand rose up once more, a completely different sword had taken its place, reflecting delicate blue lights as rays shone right through it.

SHIIING!

A sword howl rose into the skies.

"I'll show you a small bit of my power… So that you stop wasting my time. I've already said that your spear is weak and you don't deserve the ring on your finger. I have someone much better for it in mind.

"I don't fight you because I respect you. I fight you because the things you have would be better served elsewhere.

"I am called the Sword Deity, Amery. Be thankful that you'll fall beneath my blade."

A rising tempest pierced through the skies.

Sword gashes suddenly appeared all around Amery without even his effort. It was as though he was pulling Sword Force from the surroundings, something that should have been completely impossible.

And then, it happened.

The sound of a shattering barrier resounded and the howl of Level 3 Sword Force roared through the battlefield.

Amery flicked his wrist just a single time, causing a wall of white-gold Sword Force to shoot forward like a raging tsunami.

Leonel hurriedly crossed his spear across his chest, but even after bracing himself, he found his feet leaving the ground, his ribcage rattling until it shattered.

However, even with the pain wracking his body, he couldn't take his eyes off of the nick that had appeared in his spear.

It started as a small scratch, but the Sword Force made it deeper and deeper. And soon…

Leonel's eyes widened, his Quasi Gold Spear splitting in two, a line of Sword Force gaining a clear path to his chest.