Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel didn't know what to think for a long time.

This Force, this very same Force that had been the bane of his existence ever since he had awakened it, was now sitting obediently in his palm.Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Leonel knew it was lacking in many ways. This Force on his palm now compared to the Force he could emit from his Innate Node in the same way Force Crystals differed from Pure Force Crystals. The gap was enormous.

However, it was still with this very same Force that Leonel had wiped out a troop of Three Finger Cult members, and then proceeded to toy with a Variant Invalid as though each was no more than an ant. And now… he could suddenly use as much of this Force as he wanted.

To say that this change was huge was an understatement.

Leonel quickly snuffed out the flame, realizing that Aina was beginning to sweat beneath the heat. If not for her, he might not have realized something was wrong until the walls began to melt. If this wasn't a Seventh Dimensional world, the air would have already heated enough to combust everything around it into a hail of flames.

The Force on Leonel's palm shifted. He went through Water Force, Spatial Force, Light Force, Star Force, he even managed to gather enough Earth Force that he could influence the ground beneath him a bit.

Though none of these were as exaggerated as the formation of a ball of Scarlet Star Force, Leonel could still tell that the strength behind each Force was far more than it had been in the past, and the only possible explanation was the Runes that made up the leaves of his Mage Core.

Leonel summarized the next few changes to his body quickly.

His Fourth Dimensional Innate Node, the very one he had taken back from Myghell, had found a home in his left kidney.

An odd sort of Dream Force barrier wrapped tightly around it. Leonel hadn't noticed it at first due to its small size, but after a diligent scan, he couldn't possibly miss it.

Leonel felt that he could puncture this Dream Force barrier whenever he wanted as his Dream Force affinity seemed to have finally returned to him, but he didn't do it. This Dream Force barrier seemed to make the Innate Node ignorant to the fact it had returned to his body. This allowed him to benefit from having true Scarlet Star Force circulate throughout his body without the drawbacks.

When Leonel was ready for it to evolve, he felt that he could just remove a layer of the barrier, allowing it to grow in size.

Like this, Leonel could get the benefit of the accelerated growth of one Innate Node and the steady growth of another. He had a feeling that this would greatly help his comprehension as he watched the Destruction Runes grow naturally.

The next change he noticed was in the number of Destruction Runes he had comprehended. But, since these were fused with his Mage Core, he left alone.

The final change, however, was one that left Leonel speechless once again, something that had happened far too often today.

Leonel waved a hand.

The world around him seemed to distort, delicate sparkling lines of blue coming together until they formed a perfect cube.

Everything about the hologram was exact. There was a 0% margin of error, completely unrealistic even to the standards of the higher Dimensions. Without fail, every side was exactly four inches long, not a measure more, not a measure less.

However, the most shocking thing was that this image had been projected from Leonel's mind.

The first thing Leonel did when he noticed this was panic again. Had he been flung back into a dream world without his knowledge?

But after a moment, he calmed again. No, this wasn't a dream world, this was definitely the real world. There was no doubt about it. But…

He had gained the ability to project his Dream Force.

'No, it isn't like that. Within the confines of my Starry Spirit Domain, I can project Dream Force. However, outside of it, I cannot. Even within the range of my Internal Sight is impossible, it only seems to be something I can accomplish within this Domain…'

Without his tail active, Leonel's Starry Spirit Domain was barely a foot out from his skin. With it active, it had a radius of about five meters.

Whatever change this sensory Domain had allowed, it became like an extension of Leonel's Dream World. Leonel had known there would be a lot to explore when it came to this new Domain of his, but he hadn't expected to stumble upon the first discovery like this.

Leonel had dismissed this ability when he was stuck in his Dream World, thinking that it would only make him a good teacher and communicator.

But, now feeling it in the real world, he realized just how game changing this ability would be. He almost wanted to stand up right this moment and begin Crafting, but that was when it hit him like a ton of bricks.

'… I lost Little Tolly too…'

Leonel's fists clenched. He had to find a way to reverse this as soon as possible, he knew there had to be a way.

"Le—Leonel!"

Leonel was suddenly tackled down by a soft body.

Before he could understand what was happening, two small palms clasped his cheeks, pressing them together as though to check he was truly alive.

Leonel's lips pursed out of his control, his eyes blinking as he looked up toward Aina who already sat over him.

Seeing the worry in Aina's eyes, Leonel's heart softened a bit. But, when she tried to kiss him, he dodged and hoisted her over his shoulder.

"No time for horniness today ma'am, we have work to do. I have to find out how to save an adorable little mink and an equally as adorable silver blob."

Aina was so stunned that she didn't even react to Leonel conveniently squeezing one of her… large cheeks as she was halved over his shoulder.

Did this man just accuse her of being horny? This man of all people? 