Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel had known for a very long time that Orinik was the one that had spread information about how he had gotten his Amethyst Token.

In reality, Leonel didn't care much about this alone. After all, Orinik was telling the truth, he didn't spin a lie. Leonel had, indeed, used his connections to gain his Token.

However, the matters of back then were quite a bit more complex than others knew. While Myghell hadn't used the Innate Node during their battle, Leonel hadn't used his Ability Index. When Leonel's Ability Index was active, he could even defeat Sixth Dimensional existences while at Tier 1 of the Fifth Dimension.

Of course, those Sixth Dimensional existences couldn't possibly match up to the Sixth Dimensional existence of the Void Palace. But, Myghell hadn't been in the Sixth Dimension back then either.

On top of that, if Myghell had insisted on using his Innate Node, he would have lost even faster. Even back then, Leonel was already completely immune to the Fourth Dimensional Scarlet Star Force Myghell had access to. And, he was completely immune to Destruction Runes in general.

This was all to say that if Leonel hadn't wanted to fight a thrilling battle, he could have made it very boring and left without suffering the injuries Orinik seemed to look down on him for suffering.

While Leonel could admit that he would have still been lacking compared to the other true geniuses of the Void Palace back then, he had also never denied that. His problem with Orinik was the fact that his actions put Leonel's life and death in the line of fire, something he was well aware of.

Leonel's life and death was one matter, but he also had the weight of the others on his shoulders during the first part of the True Selection.

If Leonel really hadn't had the strength of an Amethyst Token wielder back then, then not only would he have died, but their entire Sector would have been wiped out, all because of this man before him.

Leonel's steps didn't falter as he stepped forward. Orinik's gaze narrowed as well, but neither said a single word, at least not for the moment.

When Leonel stepped before Orinik, he handed over his mission plate, causing Orinik's expression to change.

Orinik had originally thought that Leonel had come here for revenge. It made sense, this place was quite secluded and disciples almost never came here. His job was more of a formality, another easy job he managed to land thanks to his connections.

Everyone knew that this mission was practically suicide and higher level disciples weren't allowed to go backward and complete Void Missions after promoting past their rank. The only exception to this rule was if a Void Mission had grown to the point that access to the resource would be lost without action. But, in those cases, the rewards usually tied to Void Missions were discontinued.

However, Leonel needed this mission. Aina was right, rather than leaving things in the hands of others, they should go all out and leave no doubt.

Complete Void Missions came with a special reward where one could request a rule break from the Senate. With the exception of a pardon for killing, you could pardon anything else. The only catch was that the person in need of a pardon had to clear a Void Mission of their rank and a pardon couldn't be used on behalf of another person.

Depending on the Star Level of the Void Mission, you received a certain level of pardon. To void a contract, you needed a Three Star Void Mission, so this was the only choice.

Obviously, Leonel wanted to help Aina clear this Void Mission so that they wouldn't have to fall into whatever scheme Sceio might or might not have concocted.

After a few moments, Orinik, who had been ready to teach Leonel and Aina that there was still a large gap between levels of Galaxy Ranked disciples, relaxed. So long as the two of them got themselves killed, he wouldn't even need to bother looking over his shoulder anymore.

His lip curled. He didn't even ask any questions, nor did he try to talk them out of it like someone else might.

Plus, even if he did, they were pretty much finished anyway. You couldn't retract a mission without having a One Star Pardon. And, if you failed a mission, you would end up doing manual labor until it was cleared.

Considering this mission hadn't been cleared in over a thousand years, they would be mining until they were old and grey. Orinik almost couldn't believe his luck. His problems were wrapping themselves in a neat little bow. It was beautiful.

The portal whirred to life for the first time in a long time. Orinik's hands were practically a blur as he worked, as though he was scared that Leonel would change his mind.

Leonel watched this coldly, not saying a single word and his expression not giving anything away as he thought of how he would deal with Orinik in the future.

After a careless glance, he took Aina's hand and disappeared into the portal.

When it closed, Orinik almost couldn't hold himself back from laughing. It was only after he managed to rein in his mad cackle that his mind began to spin.

He had made it to his current level by biding his time, backstabbing when he should and retreating when he should. He had made quite a pretty penny selling out information about Leonel and making him public enemy number one during his True Selection.

Even if it wasn't Leonel, someone entering a Three Star Void Mission was already a money making machine. The fact that it was the son of Velasco and the rising star Aina Brazinger who had entered made Orinik feel like he could practically print his own money.

'I can take advantage of this.'

This was the second reason he had pulled strings to net himself this job outside of its ease. There was money to be made.Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

There should be a week until the portal told him they had failed. In that time, he had more than enough leeway to start a betting ring. With Aina's and the Morales' names, the number of people who would join wasn't small at all. In fact, there might even be some Sector Ranked disciples that joined.

Orinik almost rubbed his hands together. Leonel was his lucky star. He just had to milk this star before it inevitably died. 