[Bonus chapter for 750 golden tickets. Next goal at 1500 golden tickets]

"Controlled Range."

The crown upon Leonel's forehead expanded to double its size. The halo above his head flourished, radiating a might that wafted a violet fog.

The moment Leonel spoke these words, the skull of the Sparrow archer was split in two, the power of the arrow feeling even greater than when Leonel used his Level Two Bow Force.

The enlightenment washed over Leonel. His King's Might flooded his Spear Force. If before it could only hold one part, now it could hold a hundred parts. Even without breaking into the Sixth Dimension, Leonel's Spear Force had increased its power by an exponential amount.

He stomped his feet. Spear Force radiated out in all directions piercing through the encirclement.

Illusory violet gold spears pierced through several heads at once, only dissipating after killing at least three.

'Five meters is my absolute death zone. This is my controlled range. Death to those who enter it.'

The white gold flame of Leonel's eyes were tinged with purple, his flowing white hair gaining the same majesty. It was time to kill his way out of here.Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Leonel's spear became like a winding flood dragon. Every time it pierced forward, his Spear Force would roar, unleashing a might that surged forward.

At that moment, the Destruction Runes Leonel had built his King's Might upon made their will known. No longer being suppressed by Leonel, it left everything in its wake in a bed of ash.

Leonel's left kidney flourished. His sealed Fourth Dimensional Scarlet Star Force Innate Node came to life, flooding his body with a heat that made his Bronze Runes glow a fiery red.

His clothes burst apart, being incinerated to ash.

The flames around him rose like a tower, and he unleashed a roar into the skies. The feeling of finally being able to use his Innate Node felt like a sweeping euphoria pumping through his veins. As though a beast had been unleashed, Leonel wiped out everything within five meters of him, his absolute death zone becoming the reflection of a hellscape.

Leonel no longer worried about his spears being destroyed. With the improvement to his Spear Force, Fourth Dimensional Scarlet Star Force under his control wouldn't even leave a dent on them.

He stomped his foot hard, barreling forward like a meteor.

In the distance, Aina's lip curled. She had believed Leonel would find a solution long ago, so she remained patient. It seemed it was finally time for them to go all out.

Her aura flourished, dense tattoos of black covering her neck and body. At that moment, the corpses that littered her surroundings convulsed.

The Sparrows and Pixies' expression warped in horror. They thought that Aina hadn't used this ability again because she had reached her limit. Little did they know that this was far from the case. How could she reach her limit when this action in and of itself fueled her?

Leonel shot around the throne room like a barreling canon ball. Every he landed, a five meter radius would be opened, a violent torrent of fire and Spear Force tearing through flesh and burning it to ash.

'That's it.'

Leonel's figure flickered, his river-like hair and large, looming tails streaking to his back like an ethereal dream.

He appeared above a location, cocking his spear back.

A dragon's roar seemed to leave his spear once again as he pierced down, the white-gold violet flame blazing in place of his eyes dancing with Destruction Runes.

The Sparrows and Pixies worked together to block it, but it was already too late. Leonel's spear crashed into the marbled ground.

His Spear Force shattered against it, his flames dancing across the surface like shards of broken glass.

The marbled floors hardly suffered any damage whatsoever. However, Leonel vanished as though it didn't matter to him, appearing above another location and repeating, and then doing it once again.

He flashed through the air with a speed even the Sparrows and Pixies couldn't match. He seemed to step on the air itself, his movements leaving small circles of wind across the throne room.

'Final one.'

A low shout left Leonel's lips as he pierced down.

A formation that could keep him trapped? Maybe if it was Seventh Dimension it would have had a chance. In fact, as long as it kept its tail tucked between its legs and remained hidden behind the Seventh Dimensional materials that protected it, it could have survived a bit longer.

However, the moment it had reared its head, it was destined to fall.

There was no Force Art that could trap him for long.

BOOM!

All at once, the statues of majestic beasts across the throne room crumbled.

**

The bustle around the Three Star goblin Zone was only increasing.

As the bet became more widespread, information about this Zone began to circulate and the origin of its difficulty became known.

Originally, this was meant to be a simple Zone to clear. The target was the goblin race, but they weren't even a high level bloodline of the goblin race, they were just the green and grey skins. Compared to other high level goblins, these were lacking. They didn't have the strongest Lineage Factors nor did they have access to the best Ability Indexes, so they couldn't even lean into the greatest strengths of their race as much as they should.

However, because of an odd mutation to the Zone, causing all the nobles aside from the Dukes to be perpetually gathered in the throne room, a simple mission had become nigh impossible.

Those that managed to come out even spoke about a barrier that erupted in the throne room. They were forced to decide whether to use the last dregs of their strength to break the door or attack the King and Queen.

Without much of a choice, most could only decide to go for the door.

With such a challenge, it was hotly contested whether or not Leonel and Aina would be able to live, let alone clear it.

But, just when the discussions were growing feverish, on the fourth day, three days before the deadline, the portal opened. 