Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel took a breath, stepping on the first stair.

Whether by coincidence or design, a rush of wind blew his hair back, the pressure causing his clothing to flutter.

When Leonel took his second step, this happened again, causing his eyes to narrow. This wasn't a coincidence. The wind just now was exactly 0.1% stronger than the first one. And, when he took his third step, it increased by exactly the same margin.

Leonel's head tilted up. It seemed that the token just gave you a chance and didn't even guarantee entry. He could feel a formless pressure that wouldn't even allow him to start climbing if he didn't have the token in the first place.

Still, Leonel felt that it somewhat made sense that things were like this.

Usually, the Void Library was sealed off. The only way to gain access to the texts, techniques, books and tomes within was to exchange for a copy at any one of the Senate Branches. However, when taking that route, you were limited by both your rank and price.

However, if you gained a token to enter, you could read texts of any level, at no price at all, for a 24 hour period. The price of this token was definitely worth its weight in gold.

That said, to most, it was a scam. You couldn't even digest what you read in 24 hours. And, getting the books themselves was a whole other ordeal, not to mention the fact the time spent climbing the stairs was part of your 24 hours chance.

Leonel took a deeper breath, his gaze flashing as a radiant Spear Crown appeared around his forehead. A low cyclone of wind suddenly formed at a five meter radius away from him, kicking up air and dust as though a helicopter was landing.

No one steps foot in his Spear Domain without his permission.

Leonel's body flooded with Ethereal Star Force, his foot pressing down on the fourth step hard before he shot forward like a bullet.

He crossed ten stairs at a time, blazing a trail of white gold as he soared, his steps only becoming faster and faster.

Three illusory tails appeared to his back, shining a blinding light in the darkness. He was the torch in an endless light, his steps only becoming faster as the pressure increased.

The resounding sound of a shattering barrier resounded as Leonel crossed the halfway point. His gaze shone with Spear Force, a forceful intent thrumming within his limbs.

"Break!"

Within his Spear Domain, several lines of violet-gold Spear Force formed, converging onto a single point before Leonel as though he himself had become a spear.

Break! Break! Break!

Leonel shot by some who still remained struggling on the staircase, his eyes focused on the peak. He didn't seem to care how far away it was or how long it would take. All he could think was that he refused to slow his effort until he touched the last staircase.

Little Blackstar was like a little brother to him at this point. Little Tolly was his lifelong partner, a partner he would never abandon. The Void Library represented the chance he needed, he didn't have time to waste on this staircase.

Leonel's intent burned like an eternal fire, his violet-gold Spear Force gaining heated edges of blazing crimson as his eyes danced with Destruction Runes.

The sound of shattering barriers shifted, a quaking boom resounding every time Leonel crossed a hundred steps.

From a wind that blew his hair back, Leonel began to face winds as heavy as mountains and as lethal as falling boulders. But, he shot through it all, sparkling shards of space and winds falling around him.

Leonel roared, his Ethereal Star Force pacing through space and shattering the barriers from the inside out. It felt like he couldn't be stopped, he wouldn't be stopped.

Leonel's foot heavily stomped against a stair, his body retracting like a compressed spring and his thighs bulging to twice their usual size. His Achilles tendon vibrated like steel cord, the power charged within it enough to make the ground tremble.

Then, he released everything he had, an explosive boom ringing out as he shot through the sound barrier.

A clap of thunder burst the eardrums of all those that heard it, the fog in the surroundings dispersing for several hundred meters.

Leonel's body appeared high above the staircase, the enormous size of the Void Library appearing before his eyes while the gazes of those below fell onto him.

BANG!

Leonel fell heavily to the ground, his body releasing a billow steam. His reddened Bronze Runes receded, a long breath being released from his lips that sparked the air with red-gold fire.

Leonel slicked his sweaty hair back, looking up at the building before him and ignoring the narrowed gazes that had focused on him. The disciples that frequented this place were most definitely Domain Ranked disciples, they had probably never seen a Fifth Dimensional existence step foot here.

Of course, the difficulty of scaling the steps was adjusted by a person's level. The fact that Leonel was only in the Fifth Dimension actually helped him greatly.

But, others couldn't help but be shocked nonetheless. The reason for this was because it usually required stepping into the God Path to climb to the top of the stairs, that was because one needed the aid of God Runes to make it here.

To make it here in the Fifth Dimension was quite shocking. But, if they knew that Leonel had an Innate Node, it would be easier to accept, reason being an Innate Node was like a cheat to gaining God Runes long before the Sixth Dimension. And, it was precisely because of this reason that Conon dared to say the rest of them would catch up to Leonel once they broke into the Sixth Dimension.

That said… Leonel had no intention of caring for Conon's words.

'It took me almost two hours to climb to this place, I have a bit over 22 hours left, I can't waste anymore time.'

Leonel flashed forward, ignoring the Domain Ranked disciples.  ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m