Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel hardly took any time to bask in the majesty of the Void Library's glory, he meant it when he said that he didn't have time to waste. While the Domain Ranked disciples could casually sit, eat and chat, taking a break as they pleased, he didn't have such a luxury. In about a day, the token that was on him would crumble and he would be ejected.

Watching Leonel charge in, the Domain Ranked disciples raised an eyebrow before smiling and shaking their heads.

They had seen such a scene many times before. It was unfortunate that those that came here for the first time were a bit ignorant to how things worked, and as such, they would end up suffering a bit. Things didn't work as one might expect, or else they, as Domain Ranked disciples, wouldn't need to take breaks like this.

They were still a bit curious about Leonel, though. They were sharp enough to sense the Scarlet Star Force he had just used, and they could tell his Spear Force wasn't normal, it even seemed close to perfection.

…

The moment Leonel charged into the Void Library, he quickly learned why the Domain Ranked disciples had amused expressions. He had expected to find stacked bookcases that rose into the skies with row after row of books in an endless sea of paper and knowledge. Or, at the very least, if he was wrong about that, then there would be row upon rows of pendants.

But, he couldn't have been more incorrect in his assessment.

The moment Leonel crossed the barrier of the entrance, he fell forward, losing his balance. This was something that shocked him to no end. With his coordination, even if he hadn't calculated that stat for himself in years, there was no way he would casually lose his balance without reason or cause.

He felt forward. But, instead of his head hitting the ground, his arm flailed, the gravity around him vanishing. It felt like he was falling through space, but there was no harsh wind to be found.

Leonel flailed his arms one more time because he suddenly realized he wasn't falling at all. Rather, he was floating in space.

The moment he realized this, he instantly found his center, straightening himself and looking around.

He found that there was no one around him at all. In fact, it felt like he was truly in the depths of space, there were even motes of light floating around that felt like distant stars.

Leonel blinked in confusion, not sure what was going on. For a moment, his heart skipped several beasts as this reminded him of the changes to his Dream World. Could it be that he was trapped in a dream again? What was going on?

'No, I'm not in a dream, I would be able to tell. This is the library, then? How does this work? How do I find books?'

Leonel tried to move, but he soon found that if he did, he would end up flailing again. Moving was absolutely impossible. In fact, he had a feeling that even if he had his wings back from his Snowy Star Owl Lineage Factor, he would still be incapable of moving through this space.

'So I'm meant to stay in place, then? How do I…'

Leonel subconsciously reached out with his Internal Sight, only for the distant motes of light to suddenly shoot right up to his face. The world around him warped as though he had entered some sort of light speed hyperdrive, streaking and flashing lights surrounding him.

Leonel froze up, stopping everything immediately. He felt a little disoriented and he even felt that his stamina had taken a small hit.

'So… This is how it works.'

You weren't supposed to move physically, you were supposed to use your Internal Sight to navigate around this region. If Leonel was correct, these motes of light were probably also the representations of the information he needed.

Leonel reached out and touched one and the result was exactly like what he had felt when he touched the pendant in the Senate Branch. The information flooded his mind and he was soon pulled into a world of glaive techniques.

Leonel eventually pulled back, shaking his head.

This information wasn't useful to him at all. There had to be a way to organize all of this, they couldn't possibly expect him to just randomly go through all these lights one by one, right?

The moment Leonel thought the word 'organize', though, there was another chunk taken out of his stamina and the motes of light around him began to shift around, separating into what Leonel subconsciously knew were techniques, historical recountings, and the last was related to medicine.

When Leonel saw this, he was left speechless.

'You've got to be kidding me…'

Whoever designed the function of the Void Library was a sick bastard, that was Leonel's conclusion and refused to move off of it.

After several wasted minutes, Leonel came to understand that the Void Library was a lot like the Void Tower. It was a world filled to the brim with hidden information. While the Void Library had information like techniques and historical facts, the Void Tower formed its information into enemies for the Void Palace's disciple to fight and kill.

When someone entered the Void Library, they were really entering their own personal library. They gained access to a whole host of information, but it was completely unorganized and left in a garbled mess. It reminded Leonel of the internet, except now, instead of relying on a computer or search engine to organize things for you, you had to use your own Internal Sight and stamina.

If Leonel wanted to find something, he needed to exchange his own mind's computing power to file and organize things, and only then could he benefit from the Void Library.

Leonel grit his teeth.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

This amount of information made the half a million years' worth of laws look like child's play. The Void Palace didn't just have the laws of the Void Palace, but a vast endless sea of information on top of that. Those laws couldn't even make up a percent of a percent of the information here.

'Fine, if you want to play, let's play.'

Leonel's gaze blazed. 