Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel took several deep breaths. His body was aching from the climb, but without the slightest hesitation, he activated <Instant Recovery>.

He gained a usage a day regardless. By the time he got out of here, there would only be two more hours until he could use it again. He would be foolish to not use it to bring himself to tip top condition.

The fatigue that filled his limbs vanished and his mind felt refreshed. Right then, he deployed his Internal Sight in full force.

He came up with the most efficient system almost instantly. He would use his Internal Sight's maximum range to navigate and when the motes of light entered the range of his Starry Spirit Domain, only then would he organize them.

Leonel posited that because he could deploy his Dream Force within the range of his Starry Spirit Domain, his Dream Force affinity was also maximized in that range. Additionally, if he was correct, the Void Library should work on principles of Dream Force just like the Void Tower had. In that case, the stamina he would need to compute and organize these motes of line would be minimized to an extreme.

Leonel couldn't have been more correct. The moment the motes of light touched his Starry Spirit Domain, he didn't even need to send his mind into them to understand what their function was. Very quickly, a network of interconnected motes of light began to form around him, growing into a larger and larger web.

As his web grew, Leonel realized that organizing like motes of light became easier. The more movement techniques he collected, for example, the easier it was to identify other movement techniques. Eventually, when Leonel reached a certain point of saturation, even his Internal Sight could organize movement techniques without passing them through his Starry Spirit Domain first. When he reached the next threshold, his eyes alone were enough.

Soon, the motes of light that Leonel could hardly tell the difference between began to shine with varying degrees of light and color. Just by looking at them, Leonel could tell what categories they fell into and slot them in without much issue.

Even though things were going very smoothly, when Leonel reached the next threshold, he could only sigh.

Now, he could not only see the category the motes of light fell into, but he could also see their grades, Dimension level, and eventually their length. Due to this, Leonel realized that the motes of light he was organizing right now weren't even Fifth Dimensional, they were all Fourth Dimensional. They were all the lowest grades of information the Void Palace had to offer, yet there was so much of it.

Leonel grit his teeth.

A part of him wanted to blaze through and ignore it all, but he was certain that he needed to lay this foundation. No matter how long it took, he needed to organize all of this Fourth Dimensional information. Once he did, seeing through the higher Dimensional information would become far easier.

In fact, Leonel went even further than that.

He didn't just organize the Fourth Dimensional Information, but he continued onward to split his mind in two, organizing himself into two supercomputers. One focused on deciphering information and the other half began to consume the information.

After just a few, Leonel realized that he was right. Actually digesting the information felt like he was training his mind like an artificial intelligence. It made seeing through the next motes of lights even easier.

If Leonel knew exactly what he was looking for, he would focus on absorbing only that information. Unfortunately, he didn't know what categories the information he needed to save the Segmented Cube fell under.

It could be in a spatial technique, but it could also be in a historical recounting, or it could be in a Crafting technique, he had no idea. He had to cover all of his bases for just the smallest sliver of a chance to find the information he needed, so absorbed it all.

He left no Fourth Dimensional mote of light unturned, swallowing it all like a glutton.

…

At that moment, outside the Void Library, an odd scene was taking place.

The Domain Ranked disciples, most of whom couldn't even be bothered with Leonel previously, raised a brow as they all looked toward the same location.

The reason was quite simple. Leonel had been in there for three hours already. Most, on their first attempt, could only last a few minutes before being overwhelmed. Only the absolute strongest could spend hours at a time without an issue.

Beyond this, Domain Ranked disciples understood many things lower ranked disciples could not. There was a reason the Void Palace had so many locations like the Void Tower and the Void Library. The appearance of someone who could perform so well in them wasn't a small deal in the slightest.

…

Beads of sweat fell down Leonel's brow as he pushed himself harder and harder. He didn't leave a single stone of the Fourth Dimension unturned, his pressure reaching a relentless level.

If his Sixth Dimensional mind wasn't restricted by his current Fifth Dimensional level, he wouldn't be nearly so pressed right now. However, regardless of how he felt, he pushed forward, pressing onward to the fourth hour, and then the fifth.

It had taken Leonel no more than a few seconds to go through over 500 000 years of laws previously, and yet he had taken five hours just to clear the Void Library of all of its Fourth Dimensional information. The reality was enough to even shock him. The sheer amount of information was astounding.

But, Leonel couldn't bask in this feeling at all. Heaving deep breaths, he looked at the sky.

Now, the motes of light were no longer bland blobs of white. Some shined red, others blue, some in between, others green and yellow… The selection felt endless.

However, in Leonel's eyes, he could see faint lines connecting them to his fluttering network of Fourth Dimensional information.

Leonel didn't realize it, but he had finally closed up all his foundational misunderstandings about the Dimensional Verse. He was finally no longer a novice.

Right now, though, he needed more.Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

'I'll start with the most obvious. You.'

Leonel grasped outward, his Internal Sight sending him shooting forward as he appeared before a Sixth Dimension mote of light, a bit of information usually restricted to disciples above the Third Galaxy Rank.

He couldn't see the names of Sixth Dimensional motes of light without allowing them into his Starry Spirit Domain unlike with Fifth Dimensional ones. This told Leonel that his current network was enough to elucidate up to the Sixth Dimension, but he would likely have to go through everything of the Fifth Dimension for information of the Seventh Dimension to begin to clarify themselves by a small measure.

This wasn't unexpected. Mere Fourth Dimensional information couldn't possibly open him up to everything here, but it was definitely an excellent starting point.

However, he hoped that he would be able to find the information he needed within the Fifth or Sixth Dimensional layers.

Leonel sunk his mind into the mote of light.

<Principles of Controlling Space Under the Influence of Anarchic Force>