Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel's roar had ended up distracting the three Galaxy Ranked disciples. Taking advantage of the opportunity, Aina launched one of the most powerful attacks she could, catching them off guard.

Her attack didn't manage to have a large effect. After all, these were veterans of the Sixth Dimension and high class Galaxy Ranked disciples. But, she did manage to injure them just enough to take advantage of their Blood Force.

With that, she was able to accelerate the healing of her leg and once it was good enough to run on, she used what remained of the Life Force to accelerate her speed.

She picked up Leonel's unconscious body and shot into the distance, entering the outskirts of the residential zones.

It had been three days since then. Aina had been using her Life Force affinity to avoid them all this time. Though she didn't fear them, she didn't want to fight with Leonel unconscious. She was actually worried about him, but all her expertise told her that he was just in a deep sleep.

Luckily, she had been able to stop moving Leonel around recently as it seemed that they had stopped following her. It was either they were called away, had another obligation, or they had gotten tired of looking.

It was also possible that they had expended too much energy. Sleep was much more important in the Void Palace than it was anywhere else. Sixth Dimensional existences could probably stay awake for months to years at a time without on lower Dimensional worlds. But here, not only was it the pinnacle of the Seventh Dimension, but it was also a place rife with Anarchic Force.

Though it didn't seem like it, every waking moment was spent combating Anarchic Force. This made not only sleep, but food especially important as well.

Leonel had been planning on sleeping and eating three days ago, but now he had been asleep for that long instead and it was likely that Aina hadn't gotten a wink of sleep in that time either.

"I'm sorry, I won't forget this." Leonel said.

Aina smiled. "It's about time I carry you sometimes too, right? It almost always feels like the other way around."

Leonel shook his head. Though she said this, it wasn't true. Most of the time, the two of them were side by side.

"Seriously."

Aina emphasized this word, pulling Leonel's face back to force him to look at her.

One of the moments she felt the safest she ever had in her life was in the middle of a warzone. She could still remember the rage Leonel felt facing off against the Puppet Master, fighting someone so much more powerful than himself just because they dared to harm her.

This was what Aina had missed the most about Leonel, and it was why her not coming to save her in her greatest time of need was exactly what snapped her personality back into her body.

It wasn't that Aina wanted or needed Leonel to constantly save her, it was just the thought that he would wade through hell and high water for her sake. No matter what odds faced them, so long as said odds stood in her way, he would be the first to pierce forward.Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Aina's heart was still riddled with guilt. She loved this side of Leonel when it worked for her, but when he brandished his spear to save others, she had selfishly tried to hold him back.

She hoped that she would have more opportunities to protect Leonel like this. He was the man she was determined to remain by the side of no matter what happened in the future.

Leonel gripped Aina's wrist, nodding.

But, on the inside, he had already sworn that he wouldn't allow this to happen again.

Maybe this was just the difference between men and women. Leonel would never feel at ease being protected by Aina. He felt an endless desire to stand before her, to bear everything. It was a foolish masculine pride, but it was a pride he was proud of regardless.

"Come on, you can sleep on my back. I know you're tired."

"Okay." Aina said softly, letting Leonel pick her up.

Soon, she was strapped comfortably to Leonel's back, her cheek pressing down on his shoulder as she almost immediately drifted off. She didn't feel a single ounce of reluctance trusting Leonel.

Leonel leapt down from the tree, a starry road manifesting beneath his feet that allowed him to flutter downward. However, the cold look in his eye was nowhere near as elegant or beautiful.

A thin sheen of Ethereal Star Force coated Aina's body. Like this, she couldn't even feel or hear the harsh winds. He finished this just as he hit the ground.

The moment his feet touched earth, he shot forward in a blazing light.

His mind was back in top condition, running smoother than it ever had. His thoughts ran on overdrive and several ideas popped into his head as though they had presented themselves for his viewing pleasure. Many of these ideas were already things that chief strategists would be proud of, but Leonel threw them out one by one without the slightest care, only keeping the ones that were relatively decent by his standards.

By the time he could see the residential area of the Void Palace again, he had come to a conclusion in his thoughts.

Up ahead, he noticed…

'One… Two… Four… Seven total.'

Almost the instant he appeared, seven seemingly unrelated individuals had odd changes to their expressions before carefully turning and beginning to walk away. There didn't seem to be anything wrong with their actions at all, but Leonel suddenly accelerated.

Appearing before the first in the blink of an eye, his fist shot outward.

He didn't ask questions, he didn't double check his conjecture, he didn't even ask them for information.

​ His father's name made even the Void Elders quake in fear, but he wasn't his father. It seemed he would have to teach these people one by one that he could be more fearsome than even his old man.

And he would start with these Galaxy Ranked disciples.

The sound of shattering bone echoed. 