Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel's actions were vicious and without regard.

The first student shot out like a speed bullet, their chest caving inward and pieces of flesh and organ flying out of their mouths as they spit up blood.

Leonel's body flickered, his speed touching realms these lower level Sixth Dimensional existences couldn't even fathom, his fists radiating with Bronze Runes as he pummeled them down one by one.

Those who happened to be lingering in the surroundings watching on with flickering gazes. Leonel didn't speak, he didn't give them a chance to explain, he didn't even seem to be looking them in the eye. He didn't even show any mercy for any of the women within the group.

His palm grasped the face of a young man, slamming the back of his head into the touch ground. The latter's arms seized, reaching up into the air as he seemed to go into some sort of epileptic shock. But, Leonel had already moved on

Appearing before a young woman, his heel had already slammed into her temple before she registered his existence.

Her head rebounded off the ground, only to be forced to come to a halt as the sole of Leonel's foot stomped downward, deforming her cheek and shattering her jaw.

She reached up a hand, trying to grasp at Leonel's leg to pull him off of her. But, he simply grasped her wrist, his gaze flashing with a blinding light as he pulled.

A heart rending shriek shook those watching to the core as Leonel ripped her arm from its socket, a bloodied mess pooling into the surroundings.

Leonel let the arm drop, his cold, indifferent expression fading into the distance as he walked away from the scene, not sparing anyone else a glance.

He hadn't done this to stop information from spreading to begin with. He had only done it for two reasons. First as a warning, and second to vent.

Soon, he appeared before a Senate Branch. Entering, he finally turned in the Three Star Void Mission and received his rewards.

The mission initially had an award of 118 000. After becoming a One Star Mission it doubled, it doubled again after becoming Two Star, and it doubled once more after becoming Three Star. That gave Leonel 944 000 Void Points.

In addition, because it was a Three Star Mission, that also gave them three Void Merits to work with.

Taking advantage of their pardon, Leonel gave the contract over to the administrator overseeing the branch and had her void it. After that process was through, Leonel turned and left.

If these Void Points were combined with what Leonel had taken from Orinik, he actually had nearly 5 million Void Points.

Toward such a thing, Leonel could only inwardly shake his head. He and Aina had put their life on the line for less than a million, but Orinik had made more than four times that exploiting their hard work. It was no wonder he had been feeling so smug.

There was still a bit more than a week and a half until Aina could turn cash in her Void Merits, and it was quite obvious from what those lackies of Treanna Viror had said that this was what the latter was targeting.

Aina had told Leonel that the contract was actually meant to trade her Void Merits in exchange for 'protection services'.

Obviously, if Aina was handing all her Void Merits to Treanna, she would never be able to use the Void Merit method to get out of the contract in the first place. It was an obvious trick, but it was also clear that Treanna thought so little of the matter that she hadn't even bothered to hide her attempt to clearly extort Aina through threats that weren't even veiled.nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Right this moment, Leonel needed information.

He had a whole database of laws in his mind, but he didn't know anything about Treanna or what he assumed to be her Faction. He didn't know if the Viror family even had a Faction, honestly.

For example, the Morales family didn't seem to lock themselves into one Faction. From what he could tell, the Morales family never bothered to start its own Faction like the Suaird family had. It seemed that the Stalwart Polearm Party was under the control of someone else.

Regardless, none of that mattered. There were several information networks that Leonel could take advantage of. But, the best one was probably related to an organization Leonel had no love lost for: Shield Cross Stars.

The Sith family, the head of Shield Cross Stars' Stealth Unit. They were the best bet.

Leonel had learned about most of these things through Fourth Dimensional tier information. Things like simple history and general information like this were easily accessible to him now, so he didn't have to wander around so blind.

The Sith family didn't have just one Faction as there was great competition between its younger generation as well. In fact, it had a Party and a few seats in the Void Senate as well.

However, Leonel probably couldn't even afford to have a Party act on his behalf right now. Instead, he targeted a Gold Grade Faction headed by a Sith family member. They called themselves the Winding Shadow Faction.

There were Silver and even Bronze Grade Factions to choose from, but Leonel felt that there was a good chance that any Faction Treanna was a part of was at least Bronze Grade, likely Silver. She was an expert on the leaderboards, after all, so she couldn't be underestimated.

Leonel didn't want to take the chance of the Faction he requested help from giving him false or partial information just so that they could benefit on the backend. A higher level Faction was less likely to do this.

Of course, Leonel knew that it was unlikely for even a Bronze Faction to betray him. After all, an information center that couldn't be trusted wasn't very far from collapsing. But, he still chose to go this route.

In the end, half of his five million Void Points went up in smoke. But, in return, he got information about the entire Viror family from top to bottom. 