Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

[Bonus chapter for 1500 golden tickets. Next bonus chapter at 2250 golden tickets]

"Oh? That happened?"

A light chuckle came from a training room shrouded in darkness.

The spear stretched his back, basking in its cascade of crackles until he sighed in relief.

This person was quite the existence. A person near the pinnacle of the Sector Ranked disciples and also an individual in competition to form the next Legacy Faction, Ronan Sith.

When he heard about Leonel's request, he didn't really care much. He might have to care about the higher ranked members of the Viror family, but Treanna was still a relative newbie, only heading a Bronze Faction on the verge of becoming a Silver Faction.

Though, this was a bit misleading as the resources at Treanna's finger tips could make even the best Silver Factions tremble. The reason was because she controlled the most lucrative field in the Void Palace: Medicine.

If you were a Nominal, Quadrant or even a Galaxy Ranked disciple, it was almost 100% guaranteed that you would need her services. Her family supported her and handed this lower level business off to her, and she suffocated the market competition to the point others didn't dare to raise their heads.

Even if many were unsatisfied, there was little to nothing they could do. If they wanted to survive and have their injuries cured in a timely fashion, they could only suck it up.

Treanna knew this well and took great advantage of it, upping prices, demanding exorbitant fees, and using this control over the market to begin influencing others of her level.

The only reason she was still heading a Bronze Ranked Faction, the Green Touch Faction, was because they lacked the combat related merits to reach higher levels, but they had already ticked all of the other boxes. It was only a matter of time.

In fact, if Ronan remembered correctly, they should be able to accomplish it in a month or two.

This was probably why Treanna was so infuriated with Aina. With her Void Merits taking a hit, it would take more effort and time to accomplish something that was once inevitable.

Thinking to this point, his lip curled. How interesting, it seemed they would have a nice show to watch.

He had originally asked to be informed about any Leonel related information because he was very interested in Velasco and Leonel happened to be at the center of a lot of conflict right now, more than maybe any other single person.

Setting aside the Treanna and White Lion Bow problem, the largest conflict currently ongoing in the Void Palace was between the sword and spear factions. This conflict was pretty much perpetual, but the expulsion of the Stalwart Polearm Party and their demotion back to Legacy Faction was like oil to the fire.

There was a lot of hot blood to go around and for someone like Ronan, this was the most interesting show to watch.

'It's not fun when things are too one sided. I'm glad this Leonel has the stones and wealth to try and level the playing field. But, Treanna won't be an easy opponent to deal with.'

"Let my younger cousins in on this. There's likely going to be a ton of people wanting information on this struggle, so let them benefit. Others can't afford our prices anyway."

"Yes, Faction Head!"

**

It took Leonel only a few seconds to go through all of the information.

So, it seemed that the Viror family didn't have anyone on the Void Senate, this was good news. Leonel would have still dealt with Treanna, not to mention those three who had attacked Aina, without the slightest hesitation anyway. But, this just meant that things would be less troublesome.

'This situation is still complex, though. If this information is correct, then the stake the Viror family has in Treanna isn't small. It's very likely that they're propping her up and accelerating her growth so that one day she can get them the seat they're missing.'

If Ronan could read Leonel's thoughts, he would be shocked to see that Leonel had already drawn such a conclusion.

The information they gave out was bare bones. It didn't have any theories or deductions on it, just raw numbers and facts. For Leonel to reach this conclusion, and so quickly at that, without having understood the family dynamics prior to this, was shocking beyond belief.Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

'Whatever I do, then, I have to account for their reaction. The strongest Faction of the Viror family is Gold Ranked. They aren't combat specialists, but their Lineage Factor is exceptional at area control. And, considering Treanna is ranked on the leaderboard, there's little doubt that believing they can't be lethal will cause me to suffer.'

Leonel soon returned to where the home Aina had gotten for them burnt down.

Unfortunately, this wasn't against the rules. Though Leonel had methods of using his unranked status to make them suffer, he wasn't satisfied with this alone. It would at most be a small papercut to a behemoth like that.

The flames had long since gone out and there was nothing remaining but charred fragments of wood. He stared at it for a while before turning away.

He didn't plan on lifting a single finger to clean it up, he would make Treanna get on her knees and clean up the pieces one by one. Then, she would buy them another home with a bright smile on her bruised face.

If she didn't, Leonel wouldn't mind tying her up in the nude for everyone to 'admire her figure'.

With a flicker, Leonel vanished, his speed nothing more than a line of white gold to most until he appeared within Spear Faction territory.

Right now, he had time to kill until Aina woke up. The next step of his plan relied on her. Not her power, but rather her ability.

The smart thing to do would probably be to get a head start on raising his finger Designation. But, he really wanted to use a spear right now.

What happened when he tried to enter a training room, though, left him baffled.

"Uncle Montez?"

"Kid, you've been here for so long already and this is the first time you've tried to train your spear? Do you think I just have time to waste here waiting for you?"

Leonel's lip twitched. How was he supposed to know he was here and waiting for him? 