Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"What's with that face, do you need a beating, brat?"

Leonel's expression became weirder. Uncle Montez had always been a nice guy, why did he sound so much like Wise Star Order all of a sudden?

Granted, Leonel hadn't seen him for a few years since he hadn't cleared an Earth Zone in a while. But, that wasn't enough for a man well into his middle ages to have such a sudden and drastic change in personality, right?

The commotion Montez caused wasn't small, and it also didn't help that he was still wearing that dazzling golden armor he usually did.

The spear faction community was a neighborhood of sorts, but there were no residences. Everything in the region was tailored toward the spear and its training. In comparison to the other regions of the Void Palace Leonel had been in, this region was tidy and well kept, and it even seemed that the perpetual darkness was lifted here.

There was definitely a formation of sorts protecting this region.

That said, not just anyone could enter. Not only did Leonel have to display his Spear Force, he had to pay a fee of Void Points AND Void Merits. After paying a Void Merit and a 100 000 Void Points, he gained the right to stay here for a single day.

It was only after entering, though, that Leonel understood why things were like this. If he could stay here indefinitely, he wouldn't even bother to go and find a residence for himself. This place was much too luxurious.

Even if it hadn't looked so nice, just the fact the Anarchic Force in this region seemed to be dimmed by at least tenfold was worth it. It would be far easier to recover and train in this place.

But, it was also because of all of these reasons that Montez's reaction was far too over the top. He should know that Leonel had just made it here, how much quicker was he supposed to gather 100 000 Void Points and a Void Merit, exactly?

Leonel looked around to find that a lot of people were looking over.

Some looked toward Montez with reverence, others looked amused, but before Leonel could reconcile what was happening, the shout of a woman echoed through the skies.

"MONTEZ, WHAT DID I SAY ABOUT STEPPING FOOT HERE?!"

"Shit. Get to running, kid."

Montez's figure flickered and vanished. But, Leonel wasn't nearly as vast and couldn't do anything before a woman fell from the skies like a meteor.

BANG!

Montez had already vanished but Leonel found himself unable to move.

The woman had a valiant head of bronzed hair, her skin reflecting a healthy sheen of brown and olive. However, the oddest thing was that she looked to have covered her exposed skin in oil, making several young men in the surroundings gulp.

Didn't she know what kind of enticement this brought?!

The woman wore a short, pleated skirt, made of plates of armor. It barely covered a third of the way down her thighs, and when she swayed, the leather-like bottoms she wore were revealed, clinging tightly around the curve of her groin.

On top, her chest was bandaged and pressed down firmly. She wasn't well endowed in that area, but the bulges still left quite little to the imagination.Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Other than this, she wore no other clothing aside from wrist guards and a ribbon to tie her hair up.

In her right hand, she held a spear even taller than herself, which was saying something considering she was almost eye level with Leonel despite her gender.

Of course, you would manage to notice all things if your eyes hadn't gotten stuck roaming along her chiseled abs. She managed to make Leonel wonder if he was even considered to be fit, but he then concluded that the oil was definitely a great help to her.

The woman snarled, realizing that Montez had escaped before her gaze shifted and landed on Leonel. She looked him up and down, her gaze still as fierce. But, seemingly noticing that Aina was sleeping on his back, her expression suddenly softened.

"Forget it. Go off, he probably has something he wants to share with you."

The woman shook her head, turning to leave.

"Um, miss—!"

Leonel called out, a hint of confusion still in his eyes.

"Hm?"

Leonel smiled. "I'm a bit confused, can you tell me about Uncle Montez?"

"Oh? You call him uncle? He's probably happy about that."

Leonel blinked. He had only started calling Montez uncle because he felt it was more ingratiating, it had also helped him gain some extra benefits from him. Plus, he liked Montez and it could be said a lot of his current accomplishments were thanks to Montez, whether it was <Dimensional Cleanse> or Little Tolly, not to mention Little Blackstar's copy bloodline.

But, this woman's words seemed to imply something else?

Seeing Leonel's confusion, the woman shook her head, disdain flashing in her eye.

"Others might choose to keep their nose out of this, but I don't particularly care. I hate seeing things that annoy me."

Leonel's lip twitched, but he didn't say anything. This woman was quite fierce.

"Just an annoying pair of brats. That Velasco fool also ran away before I could shove my spear up his ass. And now that Montez bastard is breaking the rules by coming here when he was very clearly kicked out of the Void Palace, he's not even meant to be here.

"A pair of idiot brothers, each more annoying than the last. How they managed to remain practically the same person when they've refused to talk to one another for almost decades now is beyond me."

Leonel's brows shot up, his heart skipping a beat.

The woman sniffed the air.

"I can smell the same annoying air on you, you're definitely going to cause trouble just like them. I'm watching you, brat. I have enough spears for all of you."

After saying this, the woman turned and walked away, leaving Leonel in a daze.

Montez was really his uncle? 