Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"Tribulation?"

"Yes, to the Spear Domain, the Third, Fourth and Fifth Dimensions are only primers, only when you enter the Sixth will it begin to display its true prowess and also reveal another stage of the Spear Domain Lineage Factor, a stage rarely available and only attainable to those who either have the ring itself, or are close in line to someone awakened it before their birth, their meaning the next in line, of course."

Leonel frowned. This was the first time he was hearing of this. His old man was really too useless, what if he just stumbled into this later and had no idea what was happening?

"Technically, this is a good thing. The earlier you face the tribulation, the better the effects and benefits. The optimal time is when your Spear Force is Fifth Dimensional as it gives you both the best chance to pass, and the right mixture of being a step ahead.

"The problem is that it should be impossible to reach that level before the Sixth Dimension. Usually, the true depths of the secrets the first spears have can't be seen without a certain depth of vision, even your current Spear Force is far from it.

"But, it's also because of that that it would be difficult for you to pass, you could very well die unless you really do master all the spears first."

"…" Leonel shook his head. "Fantastic, something else that wants to kill me. I'm a bit tired of guillotines hanging over my head."

Montez raised an eyebrow, but didn't ask. One would think he would be worried about Leonel, but it seemed he picked this uncaring attitude for the young men in his family just the same way his older brother had.

There were too many problems facing Leonel right now. Even though he said that he could walk further in Spear Domain now, with how strong he remembered the pressure to be, he could at best claim some Quasi Bronze Spear Peaks, and just maybe some lower level Bronze Spears if he really pushed himself.

However, he was still far from being able to reclaim the Quasi Silver and Quasi Gold spears he had managed to reach previously.

"How long until the tribulation comes for me?"

Montez looked down. "I don't know, you can feel it better than I can. It'll probably be about another year. You can suppress it with your Spear Force if you're not ready, but you'll need at least Sixth Dimensional Spear Force to do that, which would defeat the purpose. Also, you'll be severely weakened during that period if that's the route you take."

"What kind of tribulation is this?"

"One that tests your Spear, of course. According to the family records, it's similar to a Zone, a Mythological Zone, to be precise. The difference is that you enter at the Third Dimension. If your attainments in the spear are too weak, you won't even last a few minutes."

"A Mythological Zone?"

Leonel's brows jumped. He had only been in one Mythological Zone before, but it had benefitted him so greatly that it was still a heavy part of his current battle strength. In fact, during the time he had been suppressing his Innate Node, without it, he wouldn't have even been a fraction as powerful as he was.

And now, with his Ethereal Glabella filled with an enormous Mage Core, his strength had bloomed to a completely new level, all thanks to Camelot's magic system.

A Mythological Zone connected to the Spear Domain… just what kind of treasures did it have?

"You shouldn't look so excited, kid. There are 89 people who've taken the Spear Domain Tribulation in our family, only 2l have passed. Of those 21, 17 only achieved the lowest grade."

"Lowest grade?" Leonel frowned. "Since when did you get graded for Zones?"

"Every Zone has a number of tasks to complete, meeting the bare minimum constitutes achieving the lowest grade."

Leonel's eyes lit up with understanding. That was right, every Zone had quests. If you failed to meet the bare requirement, you would be stuck in the Zone until the day you died. However, it was possible to leave the Zone without completing all of the quests.

Leonel had done that with the Camelot Zone, but he managed to complete the last quest outside of the Zone. But, something told him that he wouldn't get a chance to do that with the Spear Domain.

"That Myths are tied to the Spear Domain? What Mythological Zone is it?"

Leonel felt that he should begin preparing now. He needed to have as much information as possible.

"Do I look like an encyclopedia to you, brat?"

"Can't you be useful for once?"

"For once? Who do you have to thank for all of this?"

"Grandpa." Leonel said shamelessly.

Montez opened his mouth to refute, but he suddenly found that he didn't have a rebuttal for that, causing his expression to darken.

"All I know is that the Spear Domain and Sword Domain are part of the same legend. The human race has these two, but unfortunately, the others are in the hands of others. Well, it isn't exactly unfortunate. There's only one race other than ours that has more than one Weapon Domain.

"Either way, it's a legend that encompasses the whole of the Dimensional Verse. I don't have the details you want because I didn't delve deep into it to begin with, I never owned Spear Domain, so why would I waste my time?

"Go use the Void Library."

Montez spun on his heels, ready to leave.

"Oh, I almost forgot." Montez looked back. "You owe Ness a year's worth of rent. That's 100 000 Void Points and a Void Point a day."

After saying this, Montez vanished.

Leonel remained silent for a long while until he suddenly realized that 'Ness' was actually his aunt. His mouth opened and closed several times, but he really didn't know what to say.

It was true, though, it was only because the Anarchic Force in this region was so long and almost non-existent that he was able to stay up for 10 months straight to begin with. If not for this, it would have taken him at least double the time.

But the idea of paying 36 500 000 Void Points and 365 Void Merits hurt to the depths of soul.

Leonel lamented how fast his mind worked.

Why did no one in his family go easy on him?Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m