Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel and Aina slowly walked away without a care, their backs being littered with the half crippled bodies of several of their supposed seniors. Judging by their faces, one would have never thought that they had just done such a thing.

On the ground, the higher level Galaxy Ranked disciples trembled, their blood leaking outward and fear etched onto their faces.

The original student tasked with monitoring Leonel and Aina's movement in and out of the Spear Faction was not a normal individual. At the very least, he wasn't someone that Leonel and Aina should have been able to deal with so easily, having been in Tier 3 of the Sixth Dimension and well established among Treanna's subordinates.

Though he also reported that he hadn't had a chance to use his God Runes, it still wasn't enough for those that had come now to underestimate Leonel and Aina.

But, to their shock, beneath Leonel's gaze, they couldn't even summon their God Runes to begin with, feeling that it had been oppressed by something. By the time their vision had cleared, their bodies were shaking with an unimaginable amount of pain.

Monsters.

That was the only conclusion they had come to. They had forgotten just what kind of monsters Amethyst Token wielders could be. The large majority of them had only entered as Nominal Disciples, barely able to climb to this rank after decades of effort and more blood, sweat and tears than they dared to even think about.

But these two youths, who hadn't even stepped into the Sixth Dimension yet toyed with their lives as though they were nothing.

None of them were under any illusions. If it wasn't for the rules of the Void Palace, their lives would have ended right here.

They barely crawled up to their feet, looking toward their crippled arms with ugly expressions. It then dawned on them exactly why it was that Leonel kept crippling their arms but leaving their legs just fine.

He didn't care if they went off to tell Treanna what had happened. In fact, he welcomed it with wide open arms.

He left them with their legs so that they could run off and tell their master exactly what was coming. A year had already been too long, and Leonel didn't particularly care if Treanna's Faction had managed to become Silver Grade or not.

He would crush them just the same.

…

Leonel and Aina entered a Senate Branch only for the two to be pleasantly surprised to find that it was Dmitry on the other end. Dmitry himself, though, couldn't help but raise an eyebrow when he saw the two.

Leonel and AIna had made such a commotion a year ago, all to just vanish later on.

There had been a big commotion 12 months ago. News had spread that Treanna had targeted Aina and how the two were forced to run. But then Leonel came back and crippled not just one of Treanna's people, but seven in a row, severing all of their arms.

This was a clear slap to both the faces of Treanna and her Viror family, and there was an uproar caused while many looked for the two, there had even been a bounty up for a while until information returned that Leonel had entered the Spear Faction Territory.

It was quite odd for a newbie to suddenly enter the Spear Faction Territory like this, after all, it was expensive. However, those that remembered that Leonel had just cleared a Three Star Mission found it to be more acceptable.

After calculating how much Leonel should have made, plus adding what they thought he could have made from extorting Orinik, most those that Leonel would still only be able to stay for one day on the low end since he should only have enough Void Merits for that long. After all, he should have had to pay for both himself and Aina.

In their estimation, the only way Leonel could stay longer was if he managed to break some Spear Faction records. But, reasonably, even if he did, considering his current level of strength, he would at most be able to extend his stay a week or two.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

No one was even sure how strong Leonel's Spear was except for the geniuses who had gone into the core of the Rapax Nest with him. But, many of them were oddly quiet about what had happened that day and not many even understood how Leonel had come back injured in the first place.

However, no one could have expected that not only would Leonel vanish for an entire year, rumors about him taking advantage of his family's connections again began to stir up once more. And, unfortunately, it was once again the truth.

The pressure the Spear Faction was facing from the Sword Faction was already great after the fall of the Stalwart Polearm Faction. After a year, that pressure was even greater, and Leonel's actions didn't help at all.

No normal spearman dared to call out Leonel to his face because they all feared his aunt, but back then, Leonel had still felt the heavy atmosphere that hung around.

Many thought that Leonel was ignoring all of the pressure and wouldn't come out until he broke into the Sixth Dimension, many of the geniuses of his generation were also preparing for their breakthrough into the God Path as well.

It made sense, Treanna was a terrible enemy to have, anyone would want to be prepared.

But, it was also clear that no one without background would have been able to deal with this matter as easily as Leonel had, leading to more dissatisfaction and an even heavier weight being pressed upon the Spear Faction.

Now they had not only lost their strongest Party, their prestige was circling the drain.

Dmitry didn't hold back in explaining these things to Leonel, causing him to fall into silence.

Leonel hadn't thought that his casual choice to focus on calligraphy would have such an outcome. 

[Author's Note: Sorry guys, spent a bit too long writing Fallen Apostle's second volume this morning and it threw my schedule off. I thought I could finish off the volume entirely (which is why I put in a bit of extra time), but that'll have to wait for tomorrow. The good news is that I should finish vol 2 tomorrow. The bad news is that DD's chapters are late, lmao. More DD chapters on the way! Join the discord community to get these updates ahead of time. Link in author's note.]