Dmitry's lip twitched when he heard Leonel say this. But, since the two had been able to complete a seemingly impossible mission just a year ago, who knew what they could accomplish now? Even though they hadn't broken into the Sixth Dimension, Dmitry highly doubted that they had made no improvement whatsoever.

"Is this all of them?" Leonel asked.

Before Leonel sat about a dozen and a half plaques. They were, of course, all Galaxy Ranked Void Missions.

Though it made sense that Void Missions would be rare, Leonel was still a bit disappointed. If he and Aina had to clear regular missions to deal with their debt to his aunt, not to mention handle everything else they needed to, it would take at least ten times the time.

As much as Leonel wanted to overestimate himself and go for Sector Ranked disciples, something he could probably accomplish if his Unranked Disciple status was still intact, he wasn't a fool.

According to his mother's story, she had become a Sector Ranked disciple not that long ago. With his impeccable memory, Leonel could still judge the pressure his mother would give him now and she was at a level he couldn't even see the peak of yet, let alone climbing to such a height.

There was definitely a dividing line between Galaxy and Sector that Leonel didn't quite understand yet, and it was definitely something deeper than just Tier as Leonel was pretty sure his mother was still in the Sixth Dimension as well.

This was all to say that Leonel was stuck with what he had.

"Well, these are all the Zones that are on Palace Grounds. If you wanted to try Void Star Missions off Palace Grounds, the selection is much larger. The trouble is that there's a huge dividing line between what we call Restrained Void Missions and Wild Card Void Missions.

"As you might expect, it's easier to keep tabs on the difficulty and variables of a Void Star Mission here than it would be elsewhere. We don't have an endless amount of resources to just monitor everything, especially since some of these locations are on the Void Battlefield, making the variables even more volatile."

Dmitry emphasized volatile.

The rules of the Void Palace couldn't be upheld on the Void Battlefield, so it was a no man's land of sorts.

In addition, it had to be remembered that you couldn't enter the Void Battlefield until you had a certain number of merits. Usually, that was about the equivalent of a Grade 7 Galaxy Ranked disciple. So, this matter had nothing to do with Leonel and Aina to begin with.

That said, the Void Battlefield was one matter, but other off Palace Grounds missions were a different matter altogether.

The clause that Leonel had used to corner Orinik existed for a reason. It was possible for Void Palace disciples to interact with the outside world on a mission by mission basis.

Leonel's mother had tried to take advantage of this to see her family many times, but as one might expect, with the power of the Void Palace, how could they have missions to complete in such a weak galaxy?

Leonel was, of course, aware of all of these things after reading through the rules.

The guidelines one had to follow for off ground missions were quite stringent and there were even methods of monitoring your progress and location. But, as Dmitry had said, the variables were also much more wildly varied, especially for Void Star Missions.

The only grace given was that off ground missions tended to reward far more. Depending on the situation, anywhere from two to ten times more than on ground missions of similar perceived difficulty.

"I can show you those missions, if you'd like."

Despite his expression, Dmitry was just happy that Leonel wasn't asking for any Death Void Missions.

"No, I think this is fine. If we complete all of these, we should make about 60 to 70 million Void Points and 33 Void Merits. That's good enough. We'll take them all."

Dmitry's lip twitched, but he couldn't say that he hadn't expected this.

The number of Void Star Missions was low, after all, this place was a gathering of geniuses. There were many who just waited for Void Mission to hit Three Star before even caring to go after them.

Still, something like claiming 20 Void Missions as once was definitely a first.

Well… Dmitry didn't dare to even say that. He was sure there were madmen of the past somewhere in the history books.

"Oh, right. Dmitry, can you check my disciple status for me."

Dmitry rolled his eyes. He knew that Leonel purposely waited until after accepting the missions to ask this just in case.

"Here."Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Leonel's hand reacted quickly and snatched the badge out of the air. When he saw what it was, his expression flickered.

"Level 9 Quadrant Ranked?"

"You should thank your cousin for that. They originally wanted to give you a Level 1 Quadrant Ranked status. This was a compromise. But, remember if you fail these missions, the penalty is harsher because you're rising above your level."

Leonel frowned for a moment before grinning. "But the rewards are also better, right?"

Promoting from Quadrant to Galaxy was a bit of a hassle and would require Leonel to do some annoying things. But, that was at least better than rising from Level 1 Quadrant Ranked all the way to Level 1 Galaxy Ranked.

Dmitry laughed. "That's also right."

"Which cousin helped me?"

"First Nova." Dmitry replied.

Leonel nodded and remembered this. He would have to thank him when he got the chance.

"I wouldn't be too happy, too quickly. It's partly because of this that the pressure on the Spear Faction has been so heavy. They gave you the benefit of the doubt, but you spent a year "hiding"."

At that moment, Dmitry froze.

The dense killing intent suddenly coming from Leonel made even his spine freeze.

Just now, Leonel had sensed a very familiar aura outside the Senate Branch as people began to gather around for a show, the three people he wanted didn't just want to cripple—he wanted to kill. 