Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Several pupils constricted, a chilly wind sliding up their backs as Narat's howl pierced through the atmosphere.

Since he didn't learn from his predecessors, he could suffer double their fate.

Leonel's Spear Force spiraled like a drill, shredding Narat's arms to pieces.

And since Leonel didn't need him to go off and report anything, he didn't need his legs anymore either.

The shrieks of pain and horror curdled blood, spikes of horror piercing into the hearts of all those that saw this scene. No one doubted the message that Leonel was trying to send.

Despite the fact Narat had kept his life, it was a fate worse than death. He was a mere Level 4 Galaxy Ranked disciple. Though he had some talent, it wasn't enough for a top level Faction to invest into him. So, who could possibly cure such injuries for him?

He might have a chance if he begged his family members for help, but that would just ensure that any ambition he had ever had in his lifetime was finished. And that was only if Leonel's Spear Force was normal. As for if even millions of Void Points could heal such injuries from Leonel's current Spear Force, it was hard to tell.

At that moment, a whip suddenly cracked through the air. It was vicious and fast, faster than any movement that the human body could ever make. It was this sort of speed that made the whip such a dangerous weapon even in Third Dimensional worlds, let alone here.

Emonie didn't hold back in the slightest, aiming right for the back of Leonel's head as though she was intent on piercing right through it. She had already decided that if she didn't fight with intent to kill Leonel first and worry about everything else later, then they would most definitely be at a severe disadvantage.

The likes of Narat couldn't compare to the entourage that Treanna had sent.

To those that didn't understand how God Runes worked, divisions between Galaxy Ranked disciples, even of the same level, were usually decided by three factors. The first was what Token they had been given when they entered the Palace, what rank of Nominal disciple they had started out as, and how long it had taken them to climb up to the ranks of Galaxy Ranked Disciple.

While for a place like the Three Pillar Galaxy becoming a Nominal Disciple was a life sentence they would never crawl out from, for higher level galaxies, there were only so many Golden Token and Amethyst Tokens to hand out. Even astounding talents that would have trampled through other galaxies had no choice but to start at the bottom.

Most of these talented disciples started near the top rank of Nominal discples.

Unlike with the other disciple ranks, which were divided into nine, Nominal disciple ranks were different. There was only one holistic group, and everyone was arranged into a leaderboard. If you wanted to be promoted to Quadrant Ranked, you had to enter the top three of your sector of villages and then pass a mission, only then could you succeed.

Those that entered the rank of Galaxy within 30 years were considered to be average, this was the category someone like Narat fell into. It had taken even decades more than that to climb to Level 4 Galaxy Ranked.

Within 20 years and you were considered to be above average and a decent talent. Within 10 years and you could be considered to be in the 90th percentile of Void Palace geniuses. Within five years and you were in the 97th percentile. Within a year and you were in the 99th percentile.

The Void Palace easily had millions of disciples, so this was still quite a number of individuals. There was a reason why Leonel's village was titled 0012. All four digits were easily used for the newbie villages. Still, it was a prestigious right nonetheless.

Whether it was Emonie or Eliot, both took less than 10 years to reach the Galaxy Rank, and now they were both Level 4 Galaxy Ranked disciples and Tier 4 Sixth Dimensional experts. Their strength was not small in the slightest.

That was exactly why it was shocking that Emonie's whip didn't even manage to make it close to Leonel's head. The instant it crossed the odd circle of wind rushing around Leonel's feet, a line of golden Spear Force manifested, splitting the whip in two and racing down its body.

Emonie's eyes widened. This was a Silver Grade weapon, how could it be split so easily?!

But that was the least of her worries. In the blink of an eye, the Spear Force appeared between her brows and her body froze, death flashing in his pupils.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

So… So fast.

A roar left Eliot's lips, his body lighting up with radiant blue runes as he smashed a fist forward.

BANG!

Eliot took three heavy steps backward, each one causing the earth to quake, a deep imprint of at least half an inch following this one.

He looked at his fist solemnly, a line of blood having broken his skin. It was only as deep as a paper cut, and the blood was pooling very slowly, but for Leonel to break his defenses with his God Runes activated was a result he could have never expected.

At that moment, Leonel let Narat slowly fall to the ground, turning back. Something about his gaze made the hair on the bodies of both stand on end, their breathing becoming hollow.

"Hurry up and stop holding back, Emonie!"

Emonie didn't need Eliot to tell her, a flourishing light had already erupted from her, her green hair fluttering as blinding emerald runes began to appear around her.

A domain of vines manifested first as energy particles, then illusory constructs, before taking true form, all before surging toward Leonel.

The spectators couldn't believe what they were seeing. A Fifth Dimensional student had forced two geniuses to activate their God Runes after just a casual exchange?