Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"Hm. Seems I was late."

The voice was cold and biting, but the overseer didn't dare to say a word. He simply stood in silence, his limbs trembling out of both fear and the sudden drop in temperature.

…

Within the Zone, as the couple battled through an army that should have put the on their backfoot, Aina couldn't help but turn toward Leonel, her eyebrow raised.

"Did you think this through?"

Leonel grinned. "Think what through."

"You know what I'm talking about."

"Aina, is it really time to talk about making babies now? I'm a bit embarrassed."

Aina rolled her eyes. Leonel could experience a lot of emotions, at least in theory, but she didn't think embarrassment was one of them. He was already as shameless as you could get.

"We should have just run, why did you insist on entering the Zone? Don't you think you're a bit hard headed? You can't use your tongue to get out of everything, you know."

"My tongue? It seems it's been so long since you've seen what it can do that you've forgotten my prowess!"

Leonel's voice boomed like he was a valiant king of the middle ages, even his speech patterns changing. Toward such a thing, Aina could only be speechless. How did he manage to make everything so perverted? Was he really so pent up?

"You know that's not what I meant, be serious."

"I'm serious too!"

"Seriously."

"Seriously."

Aina suddenly felt like throwing her ax at Leonel's head. If they weren't in the middle of a battlefield, she really would have done it too.

"You'd better explain right now, or else I won't talk to you anymore!"

Leonel laughed. "Alright, alright…"

…

The commotion Leonel might have been expecting outside the Zone portal wasn't much of a commotion at all. In fact, it was deathly silent, silent to the point that even the beating of hearts and the shallowness of their breathing could be heard.

In the center of it all, a young man adorned in white robes stood silently, his eyes closed and his body unmoving. It looked like even if the world itself collapsed, he wouldn't budge even a single inch.

A layer of frost slowly coated the surroundings about him, but this didn't seem to be done intentionally. It was like his presence itself was ice cold and thus affected the environment. He didn't have to try to cause such an effect at all. The moment anything stepped into his domain, it would freeze.

The overseeing Galaxy Ranked disciple stood shivering, his brows and hair having already been covered. However, he didn't dare to move. It was his job to overlook this portal. Though under usual circumstances, he would get some leeway... he didn't dare to take such liberties now, not with this young man here.

He recognized that white robes, that emblem with a sword standing tall amidst broken chains on his tall collars….

The Unfettered Blade Party, the current Majority of the Senate.

He didn't know why he was here, but it simply didn't matter.

…

Across the Void Palace, news spread like wildfire. The reappearance of Leonel after a year was like a flashbang going off in all their minds.

Many made their way to the spot of the crime, only to find two beauties hanging completely naked with a young man in the middle of them. The latter's bloodied crotch was something none could ignore, it stood out like a sore thumb, making a chilling wind nip at their necks.

Members of Treanna's Faction came not long after. Seeing such a scene, they were shocked, then embarrassed, and then infuriated. Leonel crippling their members was already enough to make them rage, but this? This was far too much!

Any Faction worth its salt would have very tight bonds with one another, and this was, even more, the case for Factions built around singular families like Treanna's own. Eliot was the only one among the three not part of the Viror family, and both were women.

Leonel actually dared to strip Viror family women naked for all to see like this?!

Absolutely infuriated, many rushed forward to cut them down, trying to make the spectators scram. But, the Void Palace had too many geniuses, a single Faction, especially a mere Silver Faction, couldn't possibly hope to control the masses.

Still, many had to give Treanna some face. After all, she controlled the medical centers for the Galaxy Rank and below. Doctors were at the top of the list of people most didn't dare to offend.

However, who would have guessed that when they rushed forward, they would be rebuffed?

It wasn't that they hadn't seen the formation Leonel had drawn, it was just that who here believed that something Leonel had drawn casually and on a whim could possibly stop such high level Sixth Dimensional experts?

Every time they charged forward, they would fly back out with the same force. And, every time they struck forward with an attack, they would panic upon realizing there was no barrier at all. If they sent forward a full powered strike, they would just be killing Eliot, Emonie and Jova.

Even after several dozen minutes, no one could seem to find a method of deal with it. They could only try to encircle and build a barrier, but Leonel had hung them up too high for this to be done quickly.

"Sister!"

A screech cut through the atmosphere, a young woman charging forward.

If Leonel had been there, he would have recognized this woman quite well. It was the same woman that had run the medicine shop of Village 0012, Rosomon.

She charged through, managing to grab Jova just before Leonel's barrier sent her flying back with twice the speed.

BANG!RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Rosomon crashed heavily into the ground, but she had already taken out several robes to cover her sister's body, her gaze as red as could be.

…

At that moment, a mere six hours after entering the Zone, the portal warped and Leonel and Aina walked out hand in hand.

"Hm?" Leonel blinked, feeling the chilling wind around.

It was precisely then that the white robe wearing young man's eyes snapped open.

The sound of unsheathing swords rang through the skies, the crackle of ice dancing along the lines of space.

"Leonel Morales, having broken one of the Taboos of the Void Palace, I sentence you to death."