Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

When Leonel finally slowed enough to be tracked by the naked eye, he was wreathed in a radiant blue. However, that only lasted for the smallest instant of time before all anyone could see was a blinding gold.

Micrath's pupils constricted, the tip of Leonel's spear appearing larger and larger in his eyes. He couldn't help but notice that Leonel had crossed his domain without the slightest hindrance, entirely unmoved by his aura of cold.

Reacting quickly, Micarth formed a seal with his left hand, causing a shield of ice to appear before him in less than a fraction of a moment. However, as soon as it appeared, it was pierced through, the residual Spear Force sending Micarth flying into the distance.

Everywhere his body passed space sparkled and the fog froze into icicles, even the wind itself seemed to condense, only to be smashed through by his momentum in the next instant.

Leonel's feet lightly touched down, his Divine Armor shimmering.

That hand sign Micarth had made in the final moment was pretty interesting and Leonel only needed a glance to know what it was. While hiding some Ability Indexes was worthwhile, there were others that were such a core part of your battle style that it would instead be foolish to do this.

Leonel was one such example. "Hiding" his Ability Index would be a rather stupid choice. He only did so when he wanted a change of pace, and that had only happened once. Usually, his Ability Index was always churning in the background, the only difference was how much he was using it.

Clearly, the same was true of Micarth.

Unsurprisingly, Micarth's ability was more auxiliary. Such abilities were the best to make large parts of your battle style rather than hiding. His Ability Index fell into an energy manipulation type category, and was more precisely known as the Nodal Control Ability Index.

At its lowest Tier, this Ability Index allowed one to form larger Force Nodes than most, and their Force Node Pathways were also large in comparison.

At its Tier 4, however, one could freely control and shift and change the location of their Force Nodes as they please without any damage or harm to themselves.

This sounded like an unnecessary ability. After all, everyone would always have one Node configuration that suited them the very best and that would be decided at quite an early age. However, there was a path and type of Force Art technique that Leonel had learned about in the Void Library that made such an ability not only worthwhile but also extremely powerful.

To make a long story short, Micarth could designate a new position for his Force Nodes with a different hand sign. Leonel couldn't be surprised if he had hundreds, if not thousands of hand signs.

The moment he activated this hand sign, his Nodes, and their pathways would change position, forming a Force Art and deploying the technique instantaneously.

Not only would the technique be deployed with extreme speed, but because Micarth's body itself was resonating with it, it was also far more powerful than most techniques as well!Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Micarth didn't need to waste time learning and memorizing Force Arts, nor did he need to waste time on learning precise Force control and flow. All he needed to do was pick a technique he liked, go into meditation for a few hours, picks a hand sign for it, tie this hand sign to a new Node configuration, and then he would be able to deploy it in battle as he pleased!

This ability, if used by someone clever and with the necessary resources was truly frightening.

Micarth had hardly been ready for Leonel's speed and had still been looking down on the latter, and yet he actually still managed to react with such a powerful defense!

While Leonel was feeling a bit impressed by Micarth, those who were watching on were actually feeling the exact opposite.

Micarth was a member of the Unfettered Blade Party! He was an existence no more than a decade or two away from becoming a Sector Ranked disciple! And yet someone in the Fifth Dimension had sent him flying with a single spear! This was ridiculous!

If the Unfettered Blade Party hadn't been confident in Micarth, they would have never sent him. This wasn't a scene anyone had expected to see.

At that moment, Micarth crashed against the ground, but he roared in the next instant, his body shooting into the skies.

He formed another hand seal, causing several swords of ice to form around him. They wrapped themselves in Sword Force, shooting forward like blazing meteors as Micarth fell from the skies.

However, Leonel's domain seemed even stronger now that he held a spear in his hands. A winding tornado of Spear Force manifested, shredding them to pieces.

Leonel's took a step forward, the seams of his Divine Armor radiating with a blinding golden light as three illusory tails stretched out for dozens of meters.

Starry Light Domain.

When Leonel took another step, he vanished once more. Micarth though that he had already adjusted to Leonel's speed after the first time, but his eyes could only widen when he realized that he had lost track of Leonel once again.

Yet another spear appeared between his brows. Yet another ice shield formed. And Micarth was once again sent flying back like a speeding bullet.

BANG!

Micarth had been thoroughly humiliated, his words of grandeur seemed to come off as quite hollow, just like his white robes.

Another roar sounded and a frigid pillar of ice soared into the skies.

Micarth's God Runes blazed to life, his palm flipping over to reveal his icy blue sword. He had had enough.

But, right then…

"That's enough."

Cornelius appeared between the two young men as though he had always been there, causing Micarth to feel as though his towering aura had fallen like a drop in the ocean.

Cornelius' gaze turned toward Leonel, but to his surprise, the latter had already removed his armor.

After hearing what had happened, Cornelius knew he had to come. No one knew what happened to Leonel in the Void Tower, but there was potentially the chance that no one other than the Void Elders could hope to deal with Leonel if whatever happened before occurred again.

But, what he didn't expect was for Leonel to be so… cooperative?

Leonel's next words truly left him speechless, though.

"Elder, I'm just a small time Quadrant Ranked disciple, yet I was attacked by a Galaxy Ranked Party member who had every intention to kill me. He even said that he would get revenge for my father's actions by taking my head and even threatened to take my father's head in the future.

"That's a violation of a Tier 3 rule, and two Taboo rules, not to mention several other violations that would be too long to list. I'll have to ask you to please uphold justice."

Cornelius' lip twitched. He had just gotten himself out of Leonel's dream loop, did this kid want to throw him into another one? Weren't you the one who broke a Taboo Law first?

Cornelius could only blame himself, he must be a glutton for punishment.