Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Many were astonished. The only thing that seemed to make sense was that Leonel either hadn't realized the gravity of what he had done, or he really thought that he could use his backing to dodge this punishment as well.

The rumors about how Leonel had gained the Amethyst Token had been circulating for a long while, but after he defeated Amery, much of that talk had tied down. The only ones who held onto this narrative were those who knew that Amery had been suppressed during that period, but it wasn't as though the Suiard family would go around exposing the secrets of their family Heirloom so casually. In addition, Amery had also been uncaring about making excuses, so outside of a core few who knew the truth, this talk had been put to rest long ago.

This went to show just what kind of monster Amery was, and what kind of weight his name held. Defeating him was enough to give Leonel the cache he needed to no longer have to deal with such annoying chatter. But, unfortunately, that wasn't where his issues stopped.

News of the White Lion Bow was still at the forefront of the Bow Faction's mind, it was just that Leonel had made so few appearances in the last year that no one could pin him down. And, obviously, charging into the Spear Faction was a huge no-no.

Then there was the odd matter with the Void Tower. The Void Elders obviously didn't spread the news of what had actually happened because the matter was so sensitive, and as such left the decision up to the Void Senate's whims. This was, of course, also a method of protecting Leonel.

If others knew that it was truly Leonel's own ability that allowed him to climb so high and there was nothing wrong with the Void Tower, the level of commotion it caused would not be small. Let alone the Human Domain, the spies of other Race Domains would raise an eyebrow.

Though most weren't in the know, how could the Void Elders not be aware that the other races had started paying more and more attention to their human race recently? The closer Earth got to maturity, the closer the Dimensional Verse seemed to grow toward all-out war.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

However, it was precisely because of this that more dissatisfaction was caused. The rule was that only by clearing the tenth floor on the first try could you become a Galaxy Ranked disciple. If you failed, then you should start at Level 1 Quadrant Ranked just like every other Golden Token holder.

Yet, because of First Nova, Leonel was actually able to become a Level 9 Quadrant Ranked disciple from the very beginning, treatment that no one else got.

As though this wasn't bad enough, there was still the matter of staying in the Spear Faction for free, and now he had castrated people before demanding justice for… himself?

Even neutral parties would be dissatisfied watching these matters unfold one after another. The Void Palace was supposed to be the pinnacle of the Human Domain, there wasn't supposed to be anyone with a strong enough background to make it sway to and froe. And yet, that was exactly what Leonel seemed to be doing on a daily basis.

There was little Leonel could do about such impressions. Sometimes, the first impression was the most important one. There was a reason he was so infuriated with Orinik for spreading such information, even if it was technically true.

He had ruined Leonel's reputation just so that he could line his pockets.

Leonel could only continue to prove people wrong. One might be fooled by Leonel's usual personality, thinking of him to be an individual who lived to please others. However, the reality was that just because Leonel could be charismatic given the situation, didn't mean that he was obsessed with having people like him. In fact, it was quite the opposite.

Oftentimes, he couldn't be bothered. That was why he always had such a hard time in the Dimensional Verse. Once things started off on the wrong foot, he couldn't be bothered to fix them.

Back in Royal Blue Academy, when those rich and noble youths of his school looked down on his Paradise Island origins, he didn't mind them either. It was because he spent four years with them that things eventually changed.

With his other organizations, Leonel didn't spend more than a couple of months here and there. But, with Camelot, didn't things turn around? With the Slayer Legion, wasn't he on good terms with them now? Even with Valiant Heart Mountain, had he not helped them to save the majority of their students?

Leonel's life seemed to always be like this.

For some reason, at that moment, Leonel's thoughts flashed back to Anya's face. He didn't know why it had suddenly done this. His current thoughts didn't seem to have anything to do with her at all. And yet, the sparks of his Dreamscape seemed to be working as hard as they could to no avail.

Despite how long these matters had taken to describe, it was still nothing more than a blink of an eye to Leonel. However, when he was caught off guard by Anya's face, his pause became more obvious to the people around him.

Seeing that Leonel wasn't explaining himself, Cornelius frowned. Could it really be that he was just saying nonsense and hoping that Cornelius would help him to smooth things over?

Cornelius felt a headache coming along. If they really killed Leonel, what if that man went on another rampage? Last time he hadn't even had evidence that they were part of his father's death, yet he had wreaked so much chaos. This time, there would be no doubt that Leonel was, in fact, killed at their hands.

What should he do?

Cornelius' hesitation seemed to be sensed by the surrounding students, causing their hearts to go cold. Could it be that even breaking a Taboo Law wasn't enough for the Void Elders to deal with Leonel? Where were the rules?! What if one of them was next?!

At that moment, Leonel shook his head, understanding that he couldn't make the final connections now no matter how hard he tried.

"Oh, right—!"

Leonel almost forgot that he was meant to start an explanation now.