Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel had learned a lot from his time in the Void Library. Among the Fourth Dimensional information he had learned about, he had read a lot about the culture of the Dwarven Race.

He had learned about their love of darkness and the underground, he had learned about their mating rituals and practices, their love of nature, and he had also learned about their love of music. It was said that the Dwarven Race built their homes into mountains not just for darkness and safety, but also because it gave them the greatest control over the architecture.

The Dwarven Race didn't build their homes… they sculpted them.

By taking this approach, they were able to form a sort of resonance with the earth. The sounds traveled perfectly, better than even the greatest concert halls of Earth.

Although Leonel had never heard it, he learned that the Dwarven Race were known for their beautiful voices and that they were even able to use their wings to tune to their pitch and warp their sound.

Oddly enough, they didn't have to make or design any instruments of their own, insisting on using nature and their bodies as their two only mediums.

Leonel hadn't thought much about this when he read it, he had only been focused on consuming as much information as he could so that he could find the information he needed to save the Segmented Cube from a lifetime of being a paperweight. But, when he had begun reading through the tome this time around, his Dreamscape sparked.

Usually, when Leonel's Dreamscapeleapedt into action, it would connect him to some big discovery. But, this time, it just kept reminding him about these seemingly useless facts again and again. And that… was when Leonel finally noticed.

"Aina, hum this for me."

Aina blinked. She wasn't a very artistic person either, in that way, she and Leonel were a perfect match. In fact, she was actually even less artistic than Leonel since at least this boyfriend of hers was quite good at talking, she wasn't even able to do that.

Aina was quite aware that in their clashes of wit, Leonel often let her win. If not for this, she would probably never come out on top in a war of words with this man. This was only further confirmed after she learned how fast Leonel's mind worked.

By the time she finished a single retort, Leonel would have probably thought of a hundred more.

Seeing Aina hesitating, the coldness and focus in Leonel's gaze receded as he looked over and smiled.

"What, nervous?"

Seeing that Leonel was still in the mood to tease her, Aina rolled her eyes.

"I've never sung before, I don't even know if I could do it. My…"

Aina bit her lip.

She didn't have memories of it, but her father told her that her mother was quite fond of singing. This wasn't something that she had thought about in a very long time, a long lost memory that had only just dusted itself off. It left her heart feeling somewhat heavy.

However, when she felt the warmth of Leonel's hands, she felt more assured.

She leaned to the side, resting her cheek on his shoulder for a moment as they stood.

"I, for one, think it would be a shame if that beautiful voice of yours never sang."

Aina smiled. "Oh please, you've never asked me for this before. Clearly, you just want to use me for your little experiment."

Her heart already felt much lighter like this, she no longer minded as much.

Leonel meant his words, though. Ever since her curse had been lifted, the beauty and charm of Aina's voice had really come through.

Back then, when she hadn't been able to control her innate coercion, she make people hold onto her every word. But, in recent times, that coercion had been reined in, and she never saw Aina use it again. Now that the topic had come up, he somewhat wondered about it.

"Okay, I just need to match the tone, right? I'll try."

Though Aina said this, she didn't think it would be too hard. Both she and Leonel had great control over their bodies, something like outputting an even tone and note shouldn't be difficult.

"Let your coercion free too," Leonel suddenly said.

Aina blinked when she heard this, her soft lips already partially parted. After a brief hesitation, she chose to do as Leonel asked, the caution in her gaze replaced by the reassurance of the man by her side.

Leonel drew another line through the air, and a hum echoed.

But not long later, he felt as though his bones had gone soft, the delicate drifting sound of Aina's voice matching the pitch perfectly. Even long after the hum had vanished, Aina's voice continued to carry over.

Leonel hadn't said how long she needed to go for, but as a Fifth Dimensional existence, Aina could go quite some time with a sustained breath. It was only after nearly half a minute sounded that Leonel snapped out of it, his heart still trembling.

At that moment, he could decide… Was his girlfriend a human, a vampire, or a Siren?Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Leonel quickly shook his head and focused.

With the projection of his Dream World, he gained many abilities. He had always had a near perfect memory, even to the point he could arrange it all into Dreamscapes. However, now with the projection of his Dream World into the outside world, he could take the things in his mind and present them to others.

This meant that if Leonel wanted, he could also release his memories for all to see, like a perfect replay of things he had experienced.

Leonel took the memory of Aina's singing and stored it before drawing another line and having her sing it at well.

Time ticked by, and the pair went through hundreds of lines, Aina's voice not faltering once. If the popstars of Earth's Third Dimension knew they could have such an ability, they just might kill for it.

Then, the final line was drawn, and Leonel finally let Aina have a rest.

In one swift motion, Leonel drew all of the lines once more, but this time, there wasn't a single hum.

Until…

He released his memories of Aina's singing all at once.