Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

[Bonus chapter for 3750 golden tickets, next at 5250]

"You want to buy a property next to a Senate Branch?"

Dmitry looked at Leonel and Aina again. Was it possible for these two to do something a bit more normal? Even in the weakest areas frequented only by Quadrant Ranked disciples cost tens of millions. And, most of them were controlled by Level 7 Galaxy Ranked disciples at the worst.

The location was simply too valuable. Even if there were only low ranked disciples around, the amount you would make would accumulate pretty quickly so long as your service was decent. Even for a top tier Galaxy Ranked disciple, just the sheer volume would be able to total into a nice sum by the end of the month.

Usually, after buying such a location, you'd be able to make your money back in about half a year to a year, and that was just the average. If you became popular, you'd be far faster. So, one can imagine the kind of money large Factions with entire territories to themselves were raking in.

"I believe that we should be able to challenge a landowner for their spot, correct?" Leonel asked to confirm, ignoring Dmitry's shock.

In truth, he, of course, already knew the answer to this question. It was just that he would need to get the right to challenge permit from Dmitry as well.

Luckily, the permit was much less expensive, just a single Merit and 100 000 points. It was just a high enough bar that most wouldn't dare to casually use it. After all, you couldn't just allow one to randomly challenge as they pleased. If such a thing was fine, then wouldn't a store owner never get any rest?

This price, though, was only for someone challenging a store owner above their rank. The price increased exponentially the higher rank you were in comparison to your target. In this way, the Void Palace maintained some of its fairness as well.

"Alright, alright. I'm already tired of questioning the two of you anyway. Just do what you want, so long as you don't break the rules."

Dmitry began preparing the permit before he suddenly thought of something.

"Shouldn't you apply for Galaxy Rank now?"

The requirements for reaching Galaxy Rank from Level 9 Quadrant Rank were pretty straightforward, Leonel had already covered most of it. He had already gathered more than enough Combat Merits, the part most people found the hardest. Now, he just needed to complete the two other requirements.

The first was to accumulate what was called Civilian Merits and the second was to break into the Sixth Dimension using the God Path.

Civilian Merits were Merits gained through non-combat means. They could refer to contributing to research, joining a secondary profession Faction, and completing a certain list of tasks, or it could be something as simple as starting a storefront and accumulating points through it.

So long as you could gain one Void Merit through any of these processes, you could be considered to have reached the mark.

The Combat Merits were harder as you needed to accumulate 10 million Void Points, 10 Void Merits, and you also needed to complete at least one Galaxy Ranked mission as well.

As for the second requirement, it didn't need an explanation.

"I'm not quite ready yet." Leonel grinned.

Why should he be in a rush? There were benefits to being low ranked as well, even if they weren't as excellent as being unranked. Plus, he hadn't quite met all the requirements yet.

He was still in Tier 6 of the Fifth Dimension, and he was still a bit away from earning a Civilian Merit.

That said, Leonel wasn't very worried about his Tier. With the increase to his comprehension of his Scarlet Star Force, he could break through to the Quasi Sixth Dimension and form his final Star whenever he wanted, just like how he had relied on its previously.

The only reason he hadn't was because, first, he had been focused on other things, and secondly, he had still yet to fully grasp the Visualization of <Dimensional Cleanse>. All this time, he had been relying on his Innate Node to break the shackles of his mind and not <Dimensional Cleanse> as he was meant to.

If he didn't comprehend it first, it would be more difficult to do so later and he wouldn't be able to pass down the pieces of <Dimensional Cleanse> to his friends and brothers like he wanted to.

With Leonel's current strength of mind, though, he didn't believe that this would be any sort of big trouble to him at all.

Following that, he would still have to learn about the God Path as well. All in all, Leonel wasn't in a rush. He couldn't leave the Void Palace anyway, and there was nothing pressing for his time outside of the coming Heir Wars. He could afford to lay his foundation more stably.

Dmitry shook his head and handed the permit over.

"Try not to destroy too much. And this time, please don't hang naked bodies outside of my Branch again. At the very least, not half castrated bodies."

Leonel laughed, but Dmitry couldn't help but notice that he didn't make any promises.

…

Leonel and Aina left the Senate Branch and made a straight line toward their next destination. It was clear that they already had in mind exactly what they wanted, there wasn't any slight hesitation in their steps.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Soon, they stopped in front of a building. This plot of land would cost 40 million, at least double the price of the cheapest near-Senate locations. However, Leonel still chose it not because of its nicer locale, but rather because of who owned it.

Without a word, Leonel pressed his fore and middle finger together, his fingers piercing forward in a swift slash.

Those that had smelt trouble had already backed away, beginning to spectate from a safe distance.

However, even they were shocked when they saw the Green Thread banner and signboard being split in two.

The sign rattle to the ground beneath the deafening silence.

Just because they were licking their wounds, didn't mean that Leonel had to let them.