Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The three that had come fell one after another, unable to last even a few exchanges with Aina. They writhed on the ground, their bodies aching with pain.

Back then, Aina had only allowed Leonel to fight on her behalf because she quite liked the feeling of him protecting her. So long as it wasn't a life or death situation, he didn't mind being a docile partner to his right. However, as much as she liked that, she also liked fighting, and she could sense a powerful opponent inside.

If she didn't claim this battle for herself and let Leonel attack first, she wouldn't even get the chance to regret it later. When Leonel started fighting, he forgot about everything else. Sometimes he looked like even more of a battle maniac than she was.

The three youths that had fallen to the ground, were unable to get up. Aina's fighting style didn't seem as wild or murderous as Leonel's, but only they knew well that Aina was maybe even more vicious. Leonel might rip out an arm, but Aina's offensive seemed to make sure that they'd have broken bones and leaking inner organs in the worst of places. They couldn't even breathe without feeling as though shards of glass were lodged in their lungs.

At that moment, the very figure Aina had been waiting for walked out.

The young lady was wrapped in what looked like green leather armor that clung tightly to her curves. Vines, flowers, and even the occasional patch of bark decorated her armor, making it difficult to tell if it was real leather at all, or if it was just a special sort of plant.

Leonel knew who this young woman was quite immediately. Of course, this wasn't by her name or her feats, but rather the role she played.

The thoughts of the three youths that had charged out initially were not wrong. The Green Thread Faction had, indeed, gone through a lot to reach its current level. As such, they had many policies in place to protect themselves, policies that Leonel was mostly familiar with due to his buying of information.

Every one of Treanna's properties was protected by a powerhouse. These powerhouses were the core of the Viror family's strength in this generation. Treanna might have been the best, but she had others of her age chase after her footsteps, some more powerful than others.

One of these so-called powerhouses was Rosomon, whom Leonel had had a run-in with. This lady here was clearly another one.

She was only in Tier 3 of the Sixth Dimension, but despite this, her presence made Emonie, Eliot, and Jova, who had all been in Tier 4, seem like small tides on a slow day. It was clear that in the Void Palace, Tier was the very last measurement you should use to gauge someone's strength. Underestimating someone because their Tier was low could very well cause you to suffer greatly.

There was no doubt that this woman was either very close or already within the 97th percentile, having taken around five years or less to rise from Nominal Disciple, to Galaxy Ranked disciple.

Seeing the state of her three family members, the young woman frowned before her gaze locked onto Aina.

The two women moved at once.

The young woman in green leather and bits and pieces of nature flipped a palm to reveal an emerald green whip. At the same time, Aina's spatial ring tremble, revealing a long, snaking silk scarf that curled above her arms, following them up her shoulder and around the back of her neck.

Aina looked like she had just worn a shawl, but it was clear at a glance that it didn't touch her.

Whip and cloth shot out, however, when they met, instead of hearing the sounds of a cracking whip, there was only a gentle and reserved thud.

The two women floated about with an eye-aching speed, their two styles seemingly completely different.

The young woman's whip was fast, harsh and straight to the point. But, Aina's silk cloth seemed to flow softly and slowly, redirecting all the strength it faced without the slightest hurry. This seemed to paint the illusion that Aina was having a simple time, but Leonel's gaze remained narrowed.

Their fighting styles were different, but they were still about equal. Of course, the young woman had yet to use her God Runes, and as for Aina, since when was this her usual style? She was trying to learn something completely separate from her usual and she was clearly using this young woman as a whetstone.

"Alright, you two just keep fighting then. I'll be inside."

Leonel casually waved a hand and walked through the battlefield. As for worrying about Aina? He didn't feel like he needed to. If the young woman didn't have an upper hand now, she would never get one.

The young woman tried to stop Leonel but quickly found that she couldn't escape Aina even if she tried. It was only then that she, who had thought that she was still holding back and could still easily manage the situation, suddenly realized that this was very, very, very far from the truth.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Like this, an odd scene played out.

Aina and the young woman were locked in a clash, but every so often, another body would fly out from the store.

If this person was lucky, they would be flung out of a door. If they were unlucky, they'd be flung out a window.

The pile of Green Thread Faction members continued to grow.

Without a choice, the young woman could only roar, releasing her God Runes and hoping to end her battle with Aina quickly, but who could have thought that Aina's body would suddenly bloom, delicate black tattoos stretching across her skin and forcing the young woman into yet another deadlock.

No… It wasn't a deadlock. The injuries seemed to accumulate rapidly on the young woman's body.

Her anxiousness played against her strengths. She didn't even realize that the moment Aina had drawn first blood, the battle was already over.

But, this was something she would learn very soon as Aina extracted what benefits she could from her and added her to the pile.