Leonel snapped awake, his body shooting upward as his nerves were primed to an extreme. His mind ran on overdrive, scanning everything around him. But, he ultimately found nothing.

He was in the depths of a forest, but it was oddly green. He hadn't seen such greenery in over year since he had been stuck in the Void Palace. But, this didn't put him at ease at all.

Hadn't the whole Void Palace been swallowed? So how was it that he was no longer where he had been previously? How long had he been out of it? Did someone bring him here? No, that didn't make sense. Why would someone just plop him in the middle of a forest and then run away? He could sense anything in his near vicinity.

Leonel took a breath and calmed himself. Then, he leaped into the tree by his side before plummeting back down once again.

His eyes widened.

This world? Just where was he?

He had gotten used to the pinnacle Seventh Dimensional atmosphere of the Void Palace, and he had jumped accordingly. But, he actually hadn't jumped as high as he thought he should have?

It couldn't be. Was this an Eighth Dimensional world?!

That didn't make sense either. The combination of dense Anarchic Force and its pinnacle Seventh Dimensional atmosphere should have made the Void Palace no less difficult to navigate than any Eighth Dimensional world. In fact, there were definitely Eighth Dimensional worlds that couldn't compare to the Void Palace in this regard.

However, the suppression Leonel felt on his body and his Ability Index was just as great if not greater.

Leonel didn't even want to think about what this meant. Just what the hell kind of Zone was this?

That was when something in Leonel's mind suddenly clicked, a spark of lightning going off in his Dreamscape. When the realization sunk in, he felt his heart tremble. He only had one thought…

Was this the end of the Human Race?

Leonel took a breath and his expression went entirely cold. The pressure he suddenly felt was unlike anything he had ever experienced before.

With all this talk of Zones, Unique Zones, controlling them, and manipulating them, Leonel had a thought that he never put into action. What if you used Zones as weapons of mass destruction? What if you suddenly trapped all the greatest geniuses of a race in a single Zone?

As for the entry limit? Who cared? In fact, wouldn't it be better to go over that count?

Leonel had experienced it before personally. Back when he entered the Camelot Zone, the members of the Slayer Legion and the Adurna family had "died" after being turned into walking-dead puppets.

However, after Leonel released them, the Zone once again registered them as living beings. And, because Leonel had taken Little Blackstar out of the snowglobe for the first time back then, the Zone had registered one additional person.

The penalty for one additional person hadn't been too harsh. But, their time limit had still been restricted.

But, what if you went over two people? Ten? A hundred? Several thousand? Millions?

There were easily millions of youths in the Void Palace, and that was just the young. What about the older individuals? What if this Zone also counted the Cursed Beasts in the mountains just like they had counted Little Blackstar back then?

By then, the penalty would be so harsh that they might all be finished. Leonel wouldn't be surprised if they had already surpassed the time limit. But, he couldn't even check because he no longer had the dictionary by his side.

It was a masterstroke, indeed. Whoever did this needed the ability to take control of a Zone, change its location, and Leonel was certain that they would also have to be able to manipulate the size of the Zone as well. After all, if the Zone was too small, how would it swallow them all up like this?

Leonel's expression only became colder the longer he thought.

This wasn't just vicious, it was as good as committing genocide on an impossibly large scale. Everyone who had been sucked into this Zone would never be able to return.

Leonel took a breath and his heart finally slowed to a crawl. He couldn't help but internally sneer, his mind reaching an unprecedented level of focus.

He definitely couldn't say that he was bored any longer. It seemed I was time for him to find out if this was the challenge he would be unable to overcome, or if even this wasn't enough.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

At that moment, the rustling of leaves entered Leonel's ears. He didn't seem surprised by this at all. The moment he had failed to jump into the tree, he had already felt that something like this would happen. The commotion he had caused was not small.

Right then, a group of a half dozen appeared. But, when Leonel saw their appearances, his eyes couldn't help but narrow. It wasn't that he recognized them, or that he was surprised that he didn't recognize them. Rather, it was that he was just not expecting such a thing.

The group that surrounded him wore clothing right out of the stone ages. The women wore beasts skins to cover their chests and bottoms, while the men just wore the latter. All of them wielded wooden spears and stared toward Leonel was a menacing light in their eyes.

Without hesitation, they all pierced forward at once, but Leonel didn't even more.

Just when it seemed that they would all skewer him through, the points of their spears shattered into a rain of ash, leaving them watching in shock as their weapons crumbled to the ground.

Despite the fact that their weapons seemed simple, any weapon carved from a world of this caliber would be strong. They were used to hunting beasts tens of times Leonel's side without fear, but they suddenly felt their hearts constrict.

They roared out, barking in a language Leonel couldn't even begin to understand. But, even as two of them seemed intent on continuing, another feel to their knees, followed by a second, and then a third.