Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

The group quickly began to explain what had happened to their leader as Leonel watched. He passively absorbed what they were saying, filling in context clues and trying to piece together their language. For Leonel, this wasn't very difficult. It would take others a year or two of observing a language to reach a passable level, but Leonel would only take a few hours at worst so long as these people spoke enough.

However, while he listened, his gaze couldn't help but focus on the burly man. The pressure he gave off was far beyond that of the others. Leonel felt that he was right to leave when he had. This man… Leonel really wasn't sure if he could defeat him.

What was once again the most astonishing about this was the fact that Leonel couldn't tell the burly man's Dimension either. But now, he began to understand why it was. The more he observed, the more possibilities he thought of until he eventually landed on one.

Back when Leonel was in the Third Dimension, he had broken through with his body and his mind first. In the former case, he entered the Fourth Dimension first, and in the later, it was even more exaggerated as he entered the Fifth Dimension long before stepping foot outside of the Third Dimension.

Now, he was in a similar situation, with his mind actually being in the Seventh Dimension currently!

However, regardless of the situation, everyone had always seen him as a Third Dimensional existence back then, and right now, everyone only saw him as a Fifth Dimensional existence.

Why was that?

​ Leonel had never really thought about it before, but now it seemed too obvious. Your Dimension seemed to be decided by the Force level you could wield and control with your Nodes.

It probably wasn't so simple, but in all the Fourth Dimensional books Leonel had read in the Void Library, this seemed to be the most appropriate conclusion.

In that case, wasn't the reason Leonel couldn't tell the Dimension of these people because they couldn't use Force as he could? If they could, why would they be so shocked by his use of Force just now?

At that moment, the head of the burly man suddenly snapped in Leonel's direction. The sudden change was enough to make anyone's heart leap out of their chest.

But, who was Leonel? He was a man whose mind worked at a speed that could put even a computer to shame. Let alone catching him off guard with the turn of a head, Leonel had already seen through the burly man's movements long before he made them and stood absolutely still, not moving an inch.

Leonel wasn't a short distance away. With the sensory boost his Starry Tailed Fox gave him, he was able to listen in and observe this group from just over half a kilometer away. Even if he could see the burly man's face as bright as day, didn't mean the latter could do the same.

Though it was surprising that the man was so sensitive, that was all.

As expected, after furrowing his brows, the burly man turned back, continuing to listen to the reports. However, Leonel didn't relax.

Such a powerful person definitely trusted in their instincts to a great degree. Even if he didn't find evidence of Leonel, he would proceed with caution as though there really was someone there. Plus, considering his people were likely currently informing him about Leonel's appearance right this moment, he had even more reason to be cautious.

Minutes later, the burly man waved a hand and the explanations stopped. Well, by that point, it had fallen into a near all out brawl between the two sides as those that had kneeled versus those that had fought clashed.

By this point, Leonel understood some of their speech.

Those that kneeled kept using a word that sounded like "ladle" to refer to him while the people that had fought kept using a word that sounded like "sako". It was clear that one had a positive connotation while the other had a negative one.

Leonel just couldn't quite understand if the latter group's animosity was rooted in something much deeper, or if they were just made he had so easily defeated them.

Soon, the group began to make their way to their destination. It wasn't long before Leonel learned that the reason they had separated in the first place was that their leader was scouting out the situation ahead and laying out their plan of approach.

What Leonel didn't expect, though, was to follow this group for three days as they found and hunted down a single beast the size of a small van.

By that point, his throat was parched, and he had to use Dream Sense to stop his stomach from rumbling. Despite there not being any Anarchic Force in the air, this world made Leonel feel like he was once again a Third Dimensional being. The only good news was that the group stopped to rest so that Leonel could sleep and that by this point, he had already grasped their language entirely.

It took longer than expected because they rarely spoke during their hunt, focusing on remaining quiet and stealthy. But, Leonel's patience had finally paid off.

"We'll return home now," the burly man said, looking off into the distance again.

Leonel had made it a point not to antagonize the man during these days, keeping his eyes off of him. The man only seemed to have a sixth sense for Leonel's gaze, but not his presence. This meant that so long as Leonel didn't look at him directly for too long, he would slowly relax.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

It took another day before the group of seven finally returned to their home, and by this point, Leonel felt like a walking skeleton. The good news was that he had managed to take advantage of some rivers they had passed by to deal with his thirst. He was able to take advantage of the Water Force concentration to deal with it. But, food remained elusive.

Every time they came across an animal, it would either run away or their hunting group would add it to their haul.

Finally, Leonel could confirm their location before going off and dealing with his needs.

The moment Leonel spotted the small village, he was ready to turn back and leave. But, what he didn't expect was for an older gentleman to walk out to greet the group.

Before Leonel could turn away and leave, yet another head snapped in his direction. It was the older man. And… Leonel was certain that unlike the failure of the burly man, he had been spotted this time.