Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

This scene confirmed to Leonel that he definitely wasn't in the Spear Domain's Zone. However, aside from that small bit of assurance, there was nothing else to be happy about. He couldn't say that he cared very much for Myghell, but he didn't hate him either, the two just had their own separate perspectives on certain matters. Leonel wouldn't just watch as Myghell was taken into what clearly seemed to be slavery without doing anything.

And, even if Leonel had no intention of saving Myghell and he turned a blind eye to it all, he couldn't possibly leave his cousin alone like this, right?

Leonel took a breath and calmed himself.

His gaze shifted toward the bridge and then the city. What little information he had told him that his best chance at saving these two was to act right this moment. With such a large city, with such a menacing atmosphere, Leonel was certain that whoever was in charge was a monster in their own right.

Leonel hadn't even been confident in taking down the warrior of a little village without using some tricks. And, if not for his sharp senses and quick reaction time, he would have lost his life to the old man. Yet, it was all too obvious to him that they feared these so-called "noblemen" down to the deepest depths of their bones.

Even without seeing the strongest of this world, Leonel knew from this alone that they weren't to be trifled with. And, since these slave traffickers were acting in broad daylight, it was clearly within the rules of the city for them to act as such. This meant that Leonel wouldn't have morality on his side either.

Plus, even if Leonel didn't have any of these reference points, just the fact that whoever had targeted the Void Palace dared to swallow up their Seventh Dimensional powerhouses into this place as well meant that, in all likelihood, there were individuals here more than capable of dealing with such existences.

There was always a possibility that this wasn't the case, but if the Seventh Dimensional existences of the Void Palace could truly move freely, they would have long since made a huge commotion to gather up all the students to think of a plan.

The fact they hadn't spoke volumes.

Leonel's jaw clenched, his gaze flickering back and forth between several crucial points.

'I'm 100% confident in crossing the chain bridge, but fighting on it would be impossible. There's a 50/50 shot that I fall if I start a battle there, so it'll have to be before they begin crossing. But, if I attack before then… No, this is really the only choice.'Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Leonel took a breath, his gaze turning frighteningly cold. His mind was only filled with one thought. If Noah and Myghell could be taken in like this, what about everyone else? How many had been taken into slavery like this?

And… What about Aina?

'Just die.'

Leonel was decisive. The moment he made his choice, he rose to his feet high in the trees and fired. Before anyone could realize what was happening, three heads were skewered through.

Leonel had learned his lesson from the last time. 500 meters was much too far away, but this time, he was only 100 meters away. At this distance, his lethality was on a whole other level.

CLANG!

Leonel's gaze flickered when his arrow failed to shatter the lock of the cage, but his hands didn't falter. He had already accounted for such a possibility. He didn't believe that his cousin or Myghell had been stagnant during the year it had been since he saw them. The fact they were captured spoke not only to the strength of their captors, but also their means.

In the brief instant of Leonel's failed assault, the attention of several turned toward his location. If there was one weakness of being a sniper, it was that every shot would expose more information about your whereabouts.

In this environment, Leonel couldn't curve his shots very much without using Sixth Dimensional Force. So, after four, many had already triangulated his position.

A powerful aura came crashing down on Leonel from above, but the latter's sharp gaze didn't waver.

He knew where these powerful auras were coming from. One was from the man he assumed was an overseer of the city. He was the one who had spoken with the carriage leader and brokered a deal between them and the city.

The second was the carriage leader himself.

The former wore what looked like a military uniform made of soft fabrics and covered in pockets and simple lines. But, the latter was dressed like a wealthy businessman. If not for Leonel's sharp eyes, he would have never known that he was a powerful existence, to begin with.

It was clear in an instant, the pressure these two gave off made the burly man of the village look like a joke. However, the fury in Leonel's eyes only grew.

He could see it in their eyes. They were actually angry with him for trying to free slaves? He would have respected them more if they took this matter in stride, accepting that this was a normal part of the business they partook in.

But, from their gazes, it was clear that they felt like they had an ingrained right to do as they pleased.

Such people, quite frankly, disgusted Leonel.

At that moment, the seal in Leonel's left kidney shattered, breaking through several layers all at once. From the size of half a fingernail, it grew to about half the size of a large grape, flooding Leonel's body with Scarlet Star Force and turning his pale violet eyes into a liquid red-gold.

The fifth arrow was already prepared as Leonel's eyes flickered with dancing Destruction Runes, each more elaborate than the last.

Since he had trouble pulling from the atmosphere in this place, he would just pull from his own Innate Node. Who could stop him?

Leonel's fingers released his bowstring, a streak of crimson cutting through the air in its wake.