Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

The eyes of the businessman and overseer widened, a spike of danger twisting into their hearts as they felt their lives flash before their eyes. They thought that they had already understood the strength of the attacker, but for this mysterious person's strength to suddenly skyrocket to this level…

BANG!

The lock of the cage shattered. Flames raced across the bars like a disease or a curse, flashing with complex runes as they ruined the structural integrity of the metal.

In one moment, the cage felt like it was impregnable. In the next, it crumbled to ash, whistling in the wind as though it was nothing more than the fluttering leaves of a dying tree.

When the businessman and overseer realized that they weren't the target of the arrow, they inwardly breathed a sigh of relief, but their expressions became ugly not long later.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

However, in response, Leonel shot three more arrows, each twisting toward a vital point of their bodies. While none of these arrows were powerful by Scarlet Star Force, they application of Forceful to their bodies made them carry the strength of a shotgun.

The wind clapped like thunder under the speeding arrows, the release of Leonel's bowstring sounding no different from an iron ball tearing a path out of a canon.

Myghell's expression flickered. How could he not be familiar with Scarlet Star Force? With the rarity of the Force, and the fact the person wielding it was trying to save them, he would be a fool to not think of Leonel.

Truthfully, Myghell had a lot of reasons to hate Leonel. After all, because of Leonel, his years of effort and accumulated strength at the Quasi Sixth Dimension was all ruined. Without Leonel's Innate Node, he had to find a completely different path to enter the Sixth Dimensional God Path, and as such, he was actually growing weaker by the day instead of stronger.

However, Myghell never really took this personally, he just took it as him being unlucky. Whether he won the fight against Leonel or not, he would have still given Leonel his Innate Node back. The main reason he hadn't earlier was that it would have left him too injured to fight in the first place.

Seeing Leonel now, though, left him with a whole host of complicated feelings. Still, these complicated feelings didn't slow his movements in the slightest.

Myghell and Noah sprung action at once. Though their hands and feet were both bound, the two were experts in their own right.

The chains that bound their ankles were two feet apart and were linked to the chains that bound their wrists. Still, they were able to begin running with a crouch and short steps.

The two of them weren't the only ones in the carriage. In fact, there were others of the Void Palace inside as well. However, it was only the two of them who recognized Leonel without laying eyes on him and as such shot in his direction without hesitation.

Seeing their reaction, many subconsciously followed while other broke off in different directions, hoping to take advantage of the situation. With most focused on a single path, there might be less people who chased after them.

Leonel continued to cover their retreat, his arrows peppering the guards, businessman and overseer to the point they couldn't even begin to run after the escapees.

Each one of Leonel's arrows was menacing and placed in an awkward position. He aimed for their eyes, their knees, their feet, even their crotches. He held nothing back, assaulting them with numbers.

"Fuck! He can't use it anymore, charge forward!"

The overseer's skin suddenly flashed with a metallic light. His hands snapped outward as though he was throwing daggers, but he had nothing in his palms at all.

To Leonel's shock, though, layers of the overseer's skin peeled off, attaching to the thick trees in the surroundings.

Soon, the overseer shot forward, bouncing between the trees at a speed that was almost impossible to track. Between bounces, he would throw out more silver disks, attaching them to more and more trees.

He flew forward like a speeding bullet, his body becoming a large streak of silver. It took no more than a single breath for him to cut the distance between himself and the nearest escapee to less than five meters.

Leonel was stunned by what he was seeing. He could tag this ability to a specific Ability Index and it even seemed like a combination of many of them, including Allan's magnet Ability Index. However… that was all.

The overseer might be far faster than Leonel now, but his movement had also become far more predictable. Facing an enemy like Leonel, he had basically just sealed his fate.

Leonel didn't even take a breath of time to calculate, his fingers having already released.

The overseer suddenly panicked. He release that with the way Leonel's arrow had curved, he was adding to its force with his own momentum. Even if Leonel didn't use Scarlet Star Force again—!

THWACK!

The overseer was pierced through the forehead, the head of Leonel's arrow tearing into his skull just as the body of the arrow exploded into countless pieces.

With a heavy thump, the overseer crashed into the tree he was magnetically attached to. There was such speed and force behind it that the tree cracked, beginning to slowly fall forward.

Leonel frowned slightly. This was a bit of a problem.

He took a breath, Sixth Dimensional Force spinning around his arrow as he released it.

It tore through skies so quickly that there was absolute silence even after it crashed into its target.

BANG!

The arrow curled around, smashing into the side of the tree. An explosion sounded, a huge chunk of the bark and trunk imploded until it looked as though a giant had taken a giant bite out of it.

The falling tree deviated, stopping its forward momentum and beginning to fall back and to the side.

The pursuing guards, businessmen and lagging overseers suddenly found the behemoth-like shadow of a tree quickly falling toward them, their faces contorting in shock.