Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Was Noah trying to say that he couldn't use Force?

Honestly, while the group was running, Leonel had noted that they hadn't used Force. Although Myghell had lost the Speed Branch after stepping past the Snowy Star Owl Lineage Factor, Noah definitely still had it. It didn't make sense that he wouldn't try to multiply his speed as he ran.

Leonel had thought that it was related to the chains wrapped around their bodies. After all, Earth had had Force blocking methods, so even though Leonel hadn't run into such a thing at higher Dimensions, that didn't mean that they didn't exist, maybe he had just been lucky to not stumble into such a thing.

However, while Leonel had been destroying their bindings, other than the strength and power of the ores used to forge them, he didn't sense anything else about the chains.

If they had been designed to block Force, they would have resisted his Scarlet Star Force a lot more and a lot better as well.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Leonel's brows furrowed behind the mask of bright light that covered his face. He turned his attention toward the others and their reactions seemed to be similar. Even Myghell, who should have been close to if not the most talented among them, reacted in the same way. But, he should have known.

'Myghell and Noah should be equally as talented, actually. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if Noah surpassed Myghell in the future with the setbacks the latter has faced. But for them both to be in this situation…'

Leonel felt like a headache was coming along. He thought he had finally gained some help and support, but instead, the people here were actually so weak. This was more than a little troublesome.

He couldn't understand what was happening no matter how he racked his brain. This world was, indeed, stronger than the Void Palace grounds, but it wasn't exaggerated to the point that such geniuses couldn't even bring out at least a portion of their strength.

Leonel needed more information, he had to enter the city.

Leonel stood before he hesitated slightly. Leaving everyone here without his protection would make things a bit troublesome. They had been caught once already, what if they were caught again? Clearly, they didn't have the strength to protect themselves.

No, that wasn't exactly true. Although they couldn't use Force, their bodies were still quite powerful, and that was especially so for Myghell who had the White Stone Elephant Lineage Factor.

Leonel shook his head. He obviously couldn't bring them into the city with him, they wouldn't even be able to cross the bridge in their current state.

Gritting his teeth, Leonel made a decision.

"You all will have to protect yourselves. Stick together, there is power in numbers. Head in…"

Leonel explained how to get to the village. Although he wasn't completely certain, he believed that the villagers would take them in. He hadn't spent much time there, but what he did know was that the village was in need of helping hands. If they had more hunters, their lives would be easier. Plus, Leonel would also have a method of finding them faster.

After he was finished, he gave a small signal to Myghell and Noah, both of whom understood. They were grown men, after all. Even if Leonel wanted to coddle them, they wouldn't allow it to happen. Their pride ran deep. They had been caught once but they wouldn't allow it to happen again.

Plus, they realized the gravity of the situation. Leonel was like a light at the end of the tunnel, but if there were really so few of them who could use their Force, what chance did they stand of getting out alive?

This might be a world, but it wasn't their world. And, even if they forced themselves to feel comfortable here, what of the human race? What would they do without them?

Weren't they meant to be the protectors of the Human Domain? The frontline warriors? How could they not do everything in their power to return?

And, even if they could forget their duty and stay here indefinitely, they were geniuses! They were used to wielding power and authority! How could they settle for being the bottom rung of society?!

Leonel turned and left, the group watching as his back disappeared with clenched fists.

Noah rose to his feet, his Emperor's Might flickering in his eyes with a dense green. In the past, it had been able to blanket his surroundings in an oppressive pressure. But now, it was like a caged dragon, continuously ramming against its cage to no avail.

"Let's go, everyone."

…

​ Leonel appeared by the edge of the abyss once again. The commotion had yet to die down and there were several more overseers in the region. Some had surrounded their dead companion's body, others were still discussing how to capture Leonel and his friends, while there was another group that Leonel was sure had likely already set off on a hunt.

Still, despite this, Leonel acted as though nothing special was going on, strolling forward until he was eventually stopped.

"Halt!"

Leonel, who had spent hours observing the city, was already long since prepared.

His hand flashed with Bronze Runes and he smacked the hand of the overseer away. His actions were so abrupt and powerful that a resounding clap sounded through the atmosphere followed by the crack of bone.

"Who the hell do you think you're touching?"

The overseer who had tried to stop Leonel had been reaching a hand for Leonel's chest and definitely hadn't expected such a thing to happen at all, however, he only paused for a moment before he grabbed his hand in agony, falling to the ground as he sucked in a cold breath.

With the influx of overseers in the region, not all of them were as powerful as the one Leonel had killed. Realizing this, Leonel had purposely aimed for one he was certain he could handle, teaching him a swift and savage lesson.

Without another word, he walked toward the chains and hopped on.