Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

The overseers looked over to see their companion on the floor, but none of them moved to do anything. In fact, some of them shook their head and sneered.

Rookies.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

As an overseer, you had a great deal of authority, but you required the strength to enact it first. If you targeted the wrong person… Well, this would be your outcome.

Leonel had observed enough to see the subtle sort of balance that was played out here. This world was far more unregulated than the ones he was used to. Just judging by the fact that people died here every day trying to cross the chain bridges spoke volumes.

This place was one where power spoke above all else. In that way, it wasn't too unlike the Void Palace. But, Leonel highly doubted there were rules against killing here.

One might wonder, then, why it was that Leonel was chased like he was? That was even simpler. Where power ruled and money talked, there were obviously some people's bottom lines that shouldn't be touched. The fact slavery was allowed here meant that there was someone higher up that benefited from them.

The overseers watched in silence as Leonel crossed the bridge. Since this young man they had never seen before dared to be so arrogant, he should have the strength to cross the bridge as well.

Honestly, even they as overseers would choose to ride the snakes across unless it was an urgent matter. It wasn't that they didn't have the strength to cross, it was rather that no one would want to place their lives at risk for no reason.

The rookie overseer who was still seething on the ground couldn't help but look toward Leonel's back with red eyes, hoping that he would fall over to his death. But, he didn't dare to voice this out loud.

The chains swayed beneath Leonel's feet and his eyes narrowed. His control over his body was immaculate, but even he felt shaky in this place. There was definitely something deeper to these chains, something that went beyond what the naked eye could see.

Leonel tapped his foot and shot forward as though he was racing across a track. His actions left the overseers frozen. There were very few who dared to use that kind of speed on the chains, they were few and far between. However, something told Leonel that this kind of speed was the only way to ensure his survival.

The odd rushes of wind, the rhythmic swaying of the chains, there was something oddly hypnotic about them. Leonel subconsciously wanted to find out more, but it was precisely because of this that he blazed for. He had a feeling that if he focused so much on it, he truly would fall.

In just a few minutes, Leonel had made it to the other side. But, the fact it took him so long at such a speed was enough to show just the kind of behemoth-like city he was dealing with.

When Leonel entered the gates, he found a world of metal. The homes, the shops, the skyline, all of it was encased in some sort of silvery metal, some sections far more rusted than others. The combination made some of the city look like a futuristic utopia and other parts look like the dilapidated ghettos of a dystopian hellscape.

The push and pull somehow reminded him of the swinging chains to his back. Why did it feel like everything about this place was playing on his mind somehow?

Leonel walked forward, trying to get a lay of the city. He had come here for information, but he didn't even know where he should be going, or even what he was looking for information about, truthfully.

The answers he needed felt too broad. Understanding would require a comprehensive understanding of a world he had only just stepped foot into.

'Maybe there's an easier way? A library? An information center? What should I do about currency? It would feel suspicious if I just entered the city only to leave because I didn't have a place to sleep. After observing the city for a while, there seem to be a lot of people who enter, but those that left were far fewer and didn't seem to be the same individuals either.'

Leonel shook his head. 'I should have extorted that overseer for some cash.'

It didn't take long for Leonel to learn about the currency system. He just needed to casually observe some shops for a bit.

The currency system this city used was coin-based. Oddly enough, though, these coins seemed to flicker with their own light as though there was a universe of stars hidden within them. Leonel was entirely certain, he would have to personally inspect them to see what was so special.

Luckily, there were many who entered the city like Leonel who were looking for jobs and money. It didn't take long before Leonel found a "Job Center" with a long line up outside.

Unfortunately, while Leonel could speak the language, he couldn't read it, so it had taken him longer to find this place than he cared to admit. But, after reading so many signs and posters, and cross referencing with the services they gave, he was slowly building a database of their alphabet as well.

"What job would you like?"

An uninterested voice came from the counter. The middle-aged woman behind it had already sunk into the monotony of her life and job, so she wasn't very eager to show any enthusiasm.

Leonel was a bit embarrassed because he could read the postings very well. So, instead of taking such a route, he decided to be a bit shameless.

"Good afternoon, gorgeous. How about you help me out a bit? I need a job that is easy and high paying, do you have one?"

Leonel leaned forward, whispering so that only the woman behind the rusted metal counter could hear him.

The woman was quite used to such asks, so she looked up, still uninterested. Until, that is, she met Leonel's eyes. Something about their pale violet drew her in.

What beautiful eyes.