Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel smiled as he strolled away from the counter, his mission successful. However, he soon cleared his throat and put on a semi-serious expression. He would have to take this to his grave, he definitely couldn't let Aina know he was selling himself like that. He couldn't appear to be so cheap, his body was sacred.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Leonel looked down at the permit in his hands, oriented himself, and began to walk forward.

Truthfully, he was a bit worried about what he had gotten himself into. A job that was both easy and high paying didn't come so freely, as ironic as it might sound. And, remembering that knowing, coy smile the middle-aged woman had given him, Leonel could only shake his head.

But, this was the best option he had. He could take a laborer's job, but if his head was stuck in a mine or an oil rig all day, how would he find the information he needed?

No matter what world you were in, information was the resource of the strong and powerful. In that case, Leonel could only aim for the very top.

When Leonel reached his destination and saw that it was actually a high class restaurant, he grinned. It seemed he had hit the jackpot.

Not wanting to cause trouble, Leonel wrapped around back. Nothing would be worse than ruining such a good thing.

It only took a glance to see the kind of people they let into this place. If Leonel tried to enter with his current clothing, he would get chased out with a broom.

After reaching the back stealthily, Leonel knocked on the door a few times and waited.

About a half minute later, the head of a man wearing what looked like a chef's cap poked out, a large cloud of steam following him. The man's face was so rosy that one would have thought that he was doing something very different from cooking.

"Who're you?"

The man's voice came out in a loud shout. It was either he was too used to his bustling work environment, or there was something wrong with his ears. Still, Leonel didn't say much and just handed over the permit.

"Ah, a new brat? Good, good. And you're actually sensible enough to come around back instead of scaring away all my customers, not bad. If you can survive a few hours, I might call you back tomorrow."

Leonel's lip twitched. What was that supposed to mean? Wasn't this supposed to be an easy job?

"Come to think of it, there's actually a group of ladies that just came in. Good timing."

Leonel found himself being pulled in by his collar like some sort of ragdoll. This man had more strength than it seemed. Why he would become a cook with this level of strength was beyond Leonel entirely.

"Carra, get the new brat into an outfit and show him the ropes!"

When Carra rounded a corner, Leonel choked on his own spit. He didn't like where this was going one bit, not the slightest bit. This wasn't an easy job at all. In fact, if he wasn't careful, he would leave here only after losing a layer of skin.

Carra was dressed like a bunny rabbit, her legs covered in fishnet stockings. Leonel was in an all new world, but he was sure that this was a universal language all men could understand.

She was tall, or maybe it was just the six inch high heels she wore. Either way, her legs were definitely long, slender, and toned. The black leotard she wore gripped tightly to her ground and around her waist, wrapping around her back to split what must have been two fleshly mounds into four. It wasn't shy about tightening around her in the slightest, and that pattern continued with her chest as well.

Carra was definitely a world class beauty, but her outfit only mage it all the more exaggerated. And, like a finishing touch, her fake bunny ears actually moved along with her eyebrows as though they were real!

Carra must have thought that Leonel was ogling her by this point, but the truth was that Leonel never really reacted to women outside of Aina, even if they were objectively just as beautiful. Though, in this case, Carra was actually a tick below.

What Leonel was really reacting to was the realization of what he had gotten himself into.

He wanted to shed tears, but it was already too late. That middle-aged woman had really taken nice care of him.

"Alright, come, come. My customers are waiting I only have a few minutes."

Carra pulled Leonel along toward the back of the kitchen and dragged him into the workers' change room and office.

Without a care for Leonel's gaze, she turned her back to him and pulled down her leotard to her belly button, revealing a beautiful back view. Then, she reached into her locker. With one hand, she pulled off a pair of nipple pasties, and with the other, she replace them with a new, less sweaty pair, before pulling her leotard back up.

She took no more than a few seconds to finish. Once she was done, she went to the only desk in the room and pulled open a drawer, taking out a new uniform.

"This is the uniform for the male workers. Most of them can't hack it, and those that can are usually chased away by the customers. Those women have pretty high standards, but judging by your looks, you should pass with flying colors. The only question is how entertaining you can be.

"Female customers are more difficult to please than male customers are, so you'll need to work harder. Think of a routine, or find something interesting to chat about.

"Remember the rules, though. They're a bit different for male hosts. Touching can only be initiated by the customer. All forms of sex are not allowed within the walls of the restaurant. And, above all else, the customer's pleasure comes first."

Leonel caught the uniform Carra through over and watched her sway out.

He stood in silence for a long time, not knowing what to think.

"Fuck."