Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel's eyes madly scanned the body of water beneath him. Since his Internal Sight was so limited upon entering liquids, his best reliance was his eyes.

Though it was true that this coy fish's ability was troublesome, there were some benefits to it as well. For example, the bodies of water it created were perfectly clear and without impurities, making it much easier to see through. The only thing that could disrupt Leonel's vision was the agitated water. But, wasn't this agitation perfect for telling exactly where that massive fish was? L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

At that moment, King of Seas soared into the air, diving down. Leonel faintly caught the sight of his skin growing greenish blue scales just before he entered the water.

Leonel didn't stop him. With such an ability, King of Seas was indeed a good candidate for taking the vanguard. The trouble was that Leonel was certain this fish was far stronger than King of Seas judging by his stats.

However, King of Seas had two advantages. Firstly, Leonel had already blinded the coy fish. And, secondly, Leonel had yet to get a clean look at his stats after his transformation. It was possible that Leonel had underestimated him.

Pisces shot a look toward Flowing Wind. But, after a brief communication with their eyes, the latter shook her head no.

Pisces immediately understood. It seemed that Flowing Wind's scouting ability was useless in the water. After confirming this, she shot forward along the green grass while Flowing Wind rose into the air, stepping on the wind as though it was solid ground.

As though not to be outdone, Chasing Wind soared into the air as well, followed quickly by Thunderous Clap.

Roaring Black Lion hesitated for a moment, but chose to stay back. That said… It didn't mean he would do nothing. He quickly morphed into his humanoid beast form, filling his chest with air and billowing out with a roar that shook the surroundings.

Leonel had been right. Roaring Black Lion's ability wasn't as simple as a transformation and a strength boost. He had a suppression ability he called King of Beasts. Though it worked on humans, it was especially effective on animals and had much more room to grow.

In this sort of situation, even though he couldn't partake in the fight directly, his role was still invaluable.

After his roar, the wild movements of the coy fish slowed considerably, allowing King of Seas to catch up and land a resounding strike with his trident to its side.

A tornado of water blasted forward, sending the coy fish upward with an unquenchable momentum.

Pisces reacted quickly. Droplets of water seemed to form around her like sparkling lights as her dress and hair fluttered. Though she could be looked down upon for actually wearing a dress to such an occasion, one could only admit that she looked amazing doing it.

Flowing Wind and Chasing Wind reacted at that instant as well, causing the wind in the surroundings to kick up a storm that fused in the rising tornado of water.

KKKKUUUUUUUUUAAA!!!

The coy fish shot higher and higher into the air, unable to extricate itself. It was completely helpless.

"HAHA! This kill will be mine, King of Seas!"

King of Seas controlled the water around him, forming a miniature tornado of his own to shoot into the skies after the coy fish.

When he appeared, many couldn't help but be stunned.

Greenish blue scales covered him from head to toe. Odd fish-like membranes snapped closed and open over his eyelids. Fins jetted out the side of his face and webbing coated the distance between his fingers and toes. Anyway you looked at him, he was a fishman of legend.

He grinned a savage, jagged grin, a sharp row of teeth shimmering beneath the sunlight as he soared into the air.

Pulling his trident back, he mustered all his strength, using the water tornado beneath him to propel him forward and bring more power to his strike.

He could almost see it. The sight of the fish being skewered.

Whenever he activated his ability and entered this form, his blood would boil. As though he had a long lineage of Ancestors who lived for battle and blood, an excitement the dug deep into his bones would take hold of him. Because of this, a young man who was usually quiet and stoic would now have these outbursts where he had to kill. His trident needed to taste blood or else he wouldn't rest.

Who knew that in all his confidence, his trident would rebound off of the coy fish's scales as though he had smashed into a steel plate?

His savage expression changed as a jarring pain assault his arm. The rebound force was so strong that he felt his shoulder almost dislocate completely. And, despite the fact it didn't, he could sense a few micro tears pulling at the muscles in his arms.

The coy fish was sent flying toward the ground again, but this time, no one seemed happy about it. They all knew what would happen. The ground would turn into a body of water once again, and who knew if they'd be able to catch that fish again?

But it was at that moment that a young man who had been doing nothing but scanning the lake's surface this whole time suddenly moved. It was too bad for this coy fish but… 30 seconds had passed.

The water beneath Leonel's feet bubbled as his Force surged into his legs.

BANG!

The surface beneath his feet exploded as he launched himself into the air. Due to losing some of the momentum, he only managed to jump ten meters, but to Leonel, he felt that this was more than enough.

The moment he felt his momentum faltering, another green light blossomed beneath his sole. This time, he jumped over 20 meters, appearing above the flopping fish, two pistols in hand.

He didn't hold back this time around. Both pistols were outfitted with a bullet that jetted out from the nozzle like an arrow. In fact, instead of calling it a bullet, it would be more appropriate to call these loaded pistols harpoons.

If it was a regular shot, Leonel could shoot 20 to 30 times. If it was a Light Elemental Force shot, Leonel could shoot two to three times. But, if it was this harpoon modified from his darts… he could only shoot once.

There was a good reason for that.

BANG!

KKUUUUUUUUAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!

The coy fish flopped to the ground with a resounding boom. But, this time, there was no new lake or river to speak of.