Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

[Bonus chapter for 5250 golden tickets, next at 6750. Fallen Apostle Vol 2 Pre-Order is live! Information in author's note below :) ]

  Leonel sighed.

All things considered, this sort of place really was the best to use to gather information. A gathering of noble and rich people, all a little too drunk to always act in their best judgment, this was the perfect place.

'Forgive me Aina, this is for the greater good, I swear.'

Leonel stripped and began to put on his uniform. When he saw what it was, he sighed a breath of relief. At least it wasn't too outrageous. He had been expecting the worst—skin-tight speedos, oil, and maybe a pair of bunny ears for himself, the works. Luckily, it wasn't that exaggerated.

The pants were a pair of dress pants. Though they were a bit tight, it wasn't too bad. Leonel was just surprised that they actually had a set tall enough for him.

The shoes matched the pants quite well. Leonel slipped them on and then clipped on the suspenders to the pants. As for the shirt…

'I knew it was too good to be true.'

Leonel looked up toward the ceiling. There was no shirt.

Leonel weakly put on the bowtie, his eyes threatening to flood with tears. Then, without a choice, he stepped outside.

The steam of the kitchen assaulted him once again, only making matters worse. With this moisture clinging to him now, he might as well have lathered himself in oil too.

"Oh, who woulda thought. You actually had quite the frame under there, huh?"

The chef, who Leonel had realized by now people called Chef Lucca, laughed when he saw Leonel's appearance, nodding to himself. While he spoke, several of the female cooks couldn't help but look over as well, twice, even.

Leonel's Metal Body definitely did him several servers. Whether it was vascularity or muscle definition, he didn't lack any of it. Plus, he also wasn't overly large and could even be considered to be quite slender. He truly did have a lethal attraction to a certain demographic, and it only made it better than his face was quite handsome as well.

Just when Leonel was going to respond, another bunny lady poked her head in.

"Chef Lucca, VIP 3 is still clamoring. You said the newbie would be ready soon?"

Chef Lucca slapped Leonel on the back, nearly sending him sprawling forward.

"Yup, the kid's right here. Don't eat him up before he gets up there, he's for the customers."

The new bunny girl's eyes lit up when she saw Leonel, eyeing him up and down. Her hand even had the audacity to reach for his crotch as though she wanted to check the goods, but was quickly caught by Leonel's hand.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

She giggled as though it wasn't a big deal. "Feisty. If you let me touch I would have given you a taste, too bad. Alright, come, they're waiting."

Leonel could only speechlessly follow. He had been about to get angry at the bunny girl, but she moved on so quickly that he couldn't even ramp up a response. It was either she really didn't take it to heart, or she was also too good with certain kinds of social interactions.

When Leonel stepped out of the kitchen, he was hit with a wall of sensory information. The first floor was quite bustling. Waiters dressed in skimpy clothing glided in and out of the kitchen, customers shouting out their orders or demands, and in the background, an odd music that seemed a cross between rock, jazz and hip-hop played.

There weren't very many women on the first floor at all. In fact, the only women were the waiters and all the customers seemed to be men. However, as Leonel traveled up the stairs, he could see more female customers, usually hidden behind doors.

It seemed that even in this world, women were more secretive about this kind of stuff. Though, Leonel was a bit baffled that this was a co-ed sort of place. Usually, such gentlemen and women's clubs were for one gender or the other.

"Here's VIP room three. Go get 'em tiger."

Leonel was unceremoniously kicked into the room. He even felt that it was a bit of payback for snubbing her earlier, something that was confirmed when he heard her voice from the other side.

"If you survive this, handsome, I just might forgive you. My name is Amerie, by the way!"

Amerie's giggles faded as Leonel turned his attention to the room before him, the sliding door closing to his back.

Leonel had expected a similar sort of reaction to what he had received outside. He assumed that women who came here were quite eager and forward. Plus, Amerie had even described them as "clamoring". But, when he actually saw the state of the room and its guests, he didn't even know what to say.

There were four pairs of cold eyes staring back at him, each colder and more frigid than the last. Of course, each of them was also paired with the face of a beauty. Or, maybe that was more surprising than expected.

There were five total people, the fifth of them seeming to be the most amused of them all. Leonel didn't need anyone to tell him that this mischievous young woman had probably been the one to insist on his appearance. From what it seemed, the others didn't even welcome him here, and that just made the clothing he was wearing seem even more inappropriate.

Leonel wasn't a person who got embarrassed easily, but that was more a product of the way he lived life. He did and acted as he pleased, following his own mind and heart, so of course there was nothing to be embarrassed about.

But this… he hadn't planned or decided on any of this.

To make matters worse, of the five women, only two were the young age of the mischievous woman. Of the other three, one looked to be over 50 years old, while the other two seemed to be in their late 30's to 40's.

Of course, this wasn't their real age and they were likely much older. But, as a person of Earth, Leonel had gotten used to judging people like this.

At that moment, a flicker of killing intent flashed within the eyes of one of the two middle aged women and Leonel's heart skipped a beat.

It seemed he had really gotten stuck in something ridiculous this time. 