Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel took a seat at the edge as though he couldn't sense anything around him.

As expected, the abyss had wrapped all the way around the city. As for why, Leonel felt that he had a small understanding now after listening to Mistress Oliidark.

This city was placed here to protect what Leonel assumed was the world at large. As for what it was protecting the world from, it was down there, in the abyss.

Leonel assumed that all of the cities were probably like this, protecting some sort of abyss from something. This sort of environment would also explain why everyone was always so high strung and focused on power. They were, quite literally, on a battlefield.

Mistress Oliidark's exact words just a few minutes ago were.

"My Trith City has been protected by my Oliidark family for centuries. If you want guanrantees, fine, I'll give them to you. But, you won't receive them for nothing. Since you want to make this an equal exchange, we can do so.

"Everything you do will be done based on merits. You will be constantly monitored and your performance will dictate how much you receive.

"However, if you want to unlock these options, you'll have to bring me back the head of a Six Star Demon. If you can't do that, you're not worth investing in."

From these words, Leonel had made his deductions, and now he was sitting at the edge of the abyss. There were several people around him giving him odd looks, but they didn't say anything more and went about their business.

This section of the city not only had chains running across, but they also had chains dangling down. Clearly, these chains were meant to be used to descend to whatever world was below.

Leonel watched a group climb back up, beaten and haggard. One of them had lost an arm, and yet he was helping another who had lost a leg to walk.

Yet, they were all grinning ear to ear, carrying bags of a bloody something. It was clear that whatever they had killed down there made the journey worth it for them.

However, there were quite a number of teams that didn't have expressions that were nearly as happy. It was either they had lost someone precious to them, or their harvest wasn't as great.

Just by observing this alone, Leonel was sure that there were huge numbers of groups that never returned at all. It was cruel.

Leonel had thought that the Void Palace was already a cruel enough place, but at least that establishment was a gathering of geniuses, the best humanity had to offer. But from what it seemed here, no one had such a chance. The entire world was the frontline when the enemies were right beneath your feet.

It was a sobering thought, and it almost helped Leonel to understand Mistress Oliidark's forcefulness. With such pressure constantly weighing down on you, how could you always worry about doing what was morally upright? Leonel himself had been grappling with this problem ever since he stepped foot into the Dimensional Verse, and yet his problems weren't nearly as severe as this.

Or so it seemed.

Leonel touched his collarbone, it was still very tender. His passive healing factor had done quite some work, but it wasn't enough.

Of course, he could use <Instant Recovery>, but he didn't want the Oliidark family to know he had a trump card. If he could help it, he would only use what he had already shown them, his Water Force affinity and his Spear Force.

He knew that he was likely being followed or monitored, he just didn't know how. So, he had to be cautious.

Plus, he was about to enter a battlefield, who knew if he would need to use <Instant Recovery> within the next 24 hours? It would be foolish to waste it now.

With his touch, Leonel winced a bit, but eventually shook his head. Freezing his collarbone now would actually make him heal more slowly. So, since he was about 20% healed, he might as well go now.

Luckily, his collarbone was cracked to one side, so it was still manageable to use one arm even though it stung a bit.

After making his decision, Leonel hopped down, his feet gliding along the chains. With every tap, he would slow down tremendously. But, the light around him only seemed to dim faster and faster. It was at a rate that didn't make very much sense, but the Dark Force in the surroundings only multiplied.

That odd feeling Leonel had experienced before came back, trying to lull his mind into an odd trance-like state. But, in return, he only went faster and faster, focusing his mind more.

Leonel had no idea how long he had fallen for, he was so focused on not losing his mind that his sense of time distorted. There was an odd coercive Force in this place that was placing pressure even on his mind. Toward this, his frown could only deepen.Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

'Is this… Anarchic Force…? Why does it feel so much more powerful…?'

Leonel exhaled a breath, his brow furrowing. The Anarchic Force he knew could eat away at his Force, but it mostly left his mind alone. This Force seemed to be able to do both, attacking his body and mind simultaneously.

Just when Leonel was wondering if he should climb back up to regroup, the Stars in his Ethereal Glabella rotated, cleansing away the force that attacked his mind and catching Leonel off guard.

'It had such an ability?'

Leonel was a bit stunned. If this was really Anarchic Force, nothing should be able to just wipe it away like that. What was happening?

Leonel's feet suddenly hit solid ground. Caught off guard, his knees bent somewhat awkwardly, but he managed to catch himself.

Leonel frowned. Looking around, it felt like everything was dark, his eyes could hardly see anything. He couldn't even see the chain that had been by the side of his own as he descended.

After walking forward, Leonel's expression changed. The chain actually wasn't there at all. It was like the two chains had transported people to completely different regions despite being right next to one another.

Just when Leonel was going to mark the location of his own chain so he didn't lose track of it, the growl of a beast licked at his shoulder and neck. 