Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel entered a state of unprecedented focus, his mind reaching a state of tranquility as he began to focus on what would most help to achieve his goal: the magic system of this world.

The books were far more complex than Leonel had originally given them credit for. While they didn't store their information in pendants, the pages of their books held a special magical ability to hide and store more information than their dimensions would seem to allow. For the more complex books, it wasn't surprising to get several normal books' worth of information on just a single page or two.

Regardless, the introduction of this world's magic system was fairly simple, or overly complex depending on how you looked at it.

If Leonel had to describe it in just a few words: it was as though all of the most important branches of power systems in the Dimensional Verse had been combined into a singular discipline. Quite frankly, if it wasn't because Leonel was so focused, he just might gasp in amazement.

The magic or power system of this world was predicated on Stars. And, these Stars were designed with the Constellation Realm of the Universal Cycles in mind.

From birth, the people of this world were innately born from anywhere from zero to three Stars. In truth, these weren't true Stars but could be considered a precursor.

These "Stars" would be very small and immature. Depending on several factors, these "Stars" would also dictate everything about your talent. Those who could not use the Force of this world were usually born with zero "Stars".

When Leonel thought to this point, he obviously couldn't help but turn his mind toward [Dimensional Cleanse]. Could this be the reason he could use his Force here while the others could not?

Leonel had no real way of knowing if this was true or not, but what he did know was that the formation of Stars in this world beyond birth required much more effort than what he had put in. if it was really because of [Dimensional Cleanse], it just didn't seem to make sense.

If the Stars of [Dimensional Cleanse] and the Stars of this world were equivalent in function and nature, then shouldn't he be a powerhouse? He already had Eight Stars, how could the likes of Mistress Oliidark possibly match him?

In addition, the formation of Stars in this world was reliant on a complex step by step process. By the nature of things in this place, you could only form one Star for every 9 Tiers you climbed. Well, for every set of Tiers, that is. In this world, it actually depended.

In this world, you have the right to practice in Force only if you were born with at least one Star. Only then would you have the chance to form a second and third and truly begin on your journey. And, it was only upon forming your third Star that you could begin to try and enter this world's Fourth Dimensional equivalent.

This meant one very obvious thing: the hunters that Leonel had met when he first entered this world weren't even Fourth Dimensional existences. He couldn't fathom the fact that this was true, so he hadn't even been able to see through this.

From this point, once your Third Star was formed, you could begin to grow and nurture your "Stars" via the formation of your Force Nodes. In this way, this process worked exactly like it had when Leonel was in the Third Dimension. In fact, the Fourth Dimension and Fifth Dimension worked exactly the same ways as well!

In the Third Star, one would form their Nodes. With every Node formation, the more compatible the location was with you, the higher resonance it would have with your "Stars", and the more growth it would have.

The size of your Node and the location were the greatest factors, just like in the Dimensional Verse. So long as your Node was large and compatible, your "Stars" would resonate and grow. The formation of each Node would start a new resonance and growth period. Once this period ended, you could then form your next Node.

Just like in the Dimensional Verse as well, many couldn't form all nine of their Nodes and wouldn't gain the benefit of Nine Resonances. As such, the "Stars" would remain in a more infant-like state for longer before reaching maturity and beginning to display their true strength.

This process would repeat in the Fourth Dimension, but with the addition of a Fourth Star. This time, as you formed your Nodal Pathways, your Stars would resonate and grow.

And then again in the Fifth Dimension, or rather the Fifth Star. Every time you unshackled your mind to a new Tier, your Stars would resonate, and they would grow in strength.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Finally, you would be standing before the Sixth Dimension, and here was where everything would change and the fascinating aspects of this power system would begin to manifest itself.

In this world, the Four Seasons Realm did not exist. In addition, the Heavenly Body, Natural Light, Cosmos, and Constellation Realms took on a new form entirely. Leonel couldn't begin to understand why this was, but what he did know was that the people of this world built everything on the backs of their stars.

As one might have guessed by this point, the Constellation of the Constellation Realm, the ultimate level sought after by all, would be formed by the Stars within your body itself!

The power of such a thing was unimaginable. It was no longer an illusion, but rather a tangible representation of might stored within the walls of your body. The difference was akin to night and day.

But this wasn't just the case for the Constellation Realm, this would continue to be true for each and every Realm.

There was no God Path or Convention Path in this world, or rather, they didn't appear in the same form. Rather, the two seemed to combine into a new discipline that revolved around Stars.