Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

How was it that the magic system accomplished this? It was actually quite simple.

Once a Star reached maturity, it could begin to be projected outward in a show of strength and power. The existence of a Star was like having a nuclear plant at the core of your body. The amount of energy it could pull in and suck toward itself from the outside world was immense, and its ability to do so would only grow as you nurtured it past maturity into an untouched, elite state.

Before a Star ever became part of your Constellation, you could, just like in the God Path, use it as a medium to manifest God Runes. In this world, however, these were called Star Runes.

This was the extent to which Leonel understood the God Path of the Dimensional Verse, for he couldn't draw any more comparisons than that. But it was still enough for him to paint a picture and understand what was going on.

Upon entering the Sixth Star in this world, you could finally begin to comprehend the Heavenly Body Realm. Upon doing so and forming your own path, you are thus able to manifest your Stars.

Of course, the number of Stars you could manifest was based on a number of factors. Whether they were mature or not was one matter, but another was the limit of your talent and comprehension. Some could only sustain one Star while others could sustain all of theirs.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

​ Those that could do the latter were definitely the pinnacle of talents in this world.

In truth, it was quite average to only be capable of manifesting one Star. In fact, this was downplaying it. If you could manifest one Star at the Sixth Dimension, you were considered a genius. If you only unlocked and gained the ability to manifest one more for every "Dimension" you climbed, you would be able to maintain your stamp as a genius.

Those that could manifest two were shocking, while those that could manifest three or more were mostly unheard of.

These numbers would all tick up by one for every step forward in strength a person took and for every Realm they crossed.

In this world, the Natural Light Realm was also different. It represented a state your Stars could enter where the skies would darken and the only light that remained was them. It would feel as though night had been cast upon the land before it was blessed with the day once more.

This was the representation of the monstrosity of power a Seventh Star held. It was as though they could dictate the laws themselves.

Upon reaching the Cosmos Realm, the phenomena would become even more exaggerated. One's Star would break apart and form many small motes of light, dotting the skies across and blanketing a battlefield. It was a sight that one would need to see to believe.

The process of entering the Constellation Realm was a reformation of your stars into Nine Cores. These Nine Cores and their orbiters would take form to become your constellation.

These so-called "orbiters" were pieces of your Stars that you failed to bring back together. The closer to the number nine your constellation was, the more powerful it was!

…

These were all things far beyond Leonel and he had no business thinking about them, but he was in a bind.

He thought that by reading through the materials of the Oliidark's, he would be able to find the method to break into the God Path. After all, if this was a Zone, the system should be similar enough. In fact, since it was a Mythological Zone, it should be even better. This would mean that Leonel would have an even better magic system to take advantage of!

But the main issue here was that… Well, there were several.

For one, he already had eight Stars, how exactly was he going to form his "sixth" exactly, didn't he already pass that by?

Also, if it was the case that [Dimensional Cleanse] wasn't related to this world at all and he was being ridiculous, wasn't that even worse? That meant he had no Stars at all and the minimum requirement for beginning in any method was to have at least one.

Stars were able to harness and quickly gather energy, but if you had no Stars, then there was nothing to gather energy for you.

All of the methods that Leonel had memorized from the Oliidark family followed this line of logic as well. And, their methods of breaking into the Sixth Star required him to resonate his Five Stars to catalyze the birth of a new one.

No matter how you looked at it, there was nothing but a blocked road ahead.

However, at the moment, Leonel was unprecedentedly calm. He already knew what he would have to do. If he had to choose between this and the lives of the people he cared about, the answer was too obvious, he didn't even need to think about it.

If [Dimensional Cleanse] was really the reason he could use Force in this world, then that meant that his mother and Aina were especially helpless, not to mention his friends and brothers. Without his help, they would be helpless.

He needed the strength to leave this place and the Fifth Dimension wouldn't give it to him. He needed to break into the Sixth.

Unfortunately, he didn't have the method to enter the God Path, so there was only one choice. He would enter the Sixth Dimension through the Conventional Path.

Once Leonel made his decision, he did not hesitate. For the first time in a long time, he brought forward the Natural Force Art of the [Dimensional Cleanse]. Until now, he had been relying on his Innate Node to break the shackles of his mind and had never needed to use it, but it was about time he brought it forward.

Before losing to Amery, Leonel passed three rounds of the trials, so in his mind currently, he had the Fifth Dimensional Layer and the Sixth Dimensional Layer of [Dimensional Cleanse]. He would use the former to reach the peak of the "Fifth Star" as quickly as possible, and then use the latter to break through the final hurdle. 