Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The Visualization of the Fifth Dimensional Layer of [Dimensional Cleanse] used to overwhelm Leonel, but now it didn't feel like so any longer. He felt that it would only take him about a single week to not only grasp it, but to fully comprehend this layer like he had done with the Fourth Dimensional layer. In this way, he would be able to pass it along to others.

Leonel took this ability to pass on [Dimensional Cleanse] more importantly than ever now that he felt it might be related to his current freedom in this world.

After a glance at it, Leonel hesitated. This wasn't because he felt that he had chosen wrong, but rather because he wasn't sure what would happen if he suddenly began to practice now.

What Leonel didn't know is that the commotion caused earlier by the sudden SNAP! had whisked away all the experts of the Oliidark family. It wasn't just them, but a high level meeting the likes of which hadn't occurred in tens of thousands of years was called.

The last time such a meeting was called, it was due to the descent of a Chaos Demon. This was how rare such an event was and for those people to send down such an order.

All those of the Seventh Star and above were forced to acknowledge the call. The only ones that remained to monitor the home were the Sixth Stars of the Oliidark family.

Unbeknownst to him, Leonel had given himself his own lucky chance. But had he been aware, he might have had far too many questions to ever think of focusing.

In the end, Leonel shook his head. It didn't make sense for him to bother trying to hide his activities. This was his bed, he had to lie in it. He didn't believe his skill was high enough to draw a Force Art capable of concealing what he was doing.

Well, he might have had the skill, but he was lacking in the necessary power.

'Let them watch, then. Don't choke.'

A cold light flickered in Leonel's gaze and he focused once more. The complex, spherical gear system of the Natural Force Art Visualization reflected in his mind and even appeared in his irises. It felt like it could calculate all the variables of the world with a single input, a machine of strokes, gears, and pipes so enormous that there was nothing it couldn't accomplish.

However, this complex machine became like nothing more than a pile of individual parts to Leonel. Without even meditating upon it a single time, it was as though he could dissect it and put it all back together.

Leonel's millions of minds took each one of these pieces as their own and then began to comprehend them simultaneously.

WENG!

At that moment, Leonel re-established himself in Tier 1 of the Fifth Dimension, grasping the essence of the Visualization to that level in just a few minutes, not even a set of ten of which had passed.

Leonel's Stars reacted fiercely, their rotation speed increasing by several folds and their sizes increasing explosively. Leonel was caught so off guard that he could only watch in silence as large amounts of Force surged toward him like a tide.

The Silver Stars, now constructed of Dream Force, were like a dried ocean bed finally receiving a heavy rain. They glowed such a bright light that even though they were within Leonel's own mind, he felt like he couldn't even look at the properly.

The Blue Stars, charged of raging Vital Star Force, became like greedy tornados, forcing large amounts of Vital Star Force, that should have been a rare energy, through the Nodal Pathways in Leonel's body, through his spine, into the Node of his Brainstem, charging through his brain and into his Ethereal Glabella.

And then there were the fierce Red-Gold Stars. Strands of Scarlet Star Force that Leonel had struggled to budge and move gathered in such thick quantities that they manifested in the air like threads of gorgeous silk.

Despite following the same path the Dream Force and Vital Star Force had, Leonel didn't feel any pain at all. In fact, it was as though he had been refreshed, his Innate Nodes even glowing with a fiercer light.

Right then, it was as though the whole Oliidark Estate was quaking.

Leonel continued to watch this scene, not quite understanding what was happening.

According to what he knew, [Dimensional Cleanse] was a special take that could be practiced alongside other ones. However, there shouldn't have been such a large difference here. At the very least, you shouldn't benefit as though you were truly breaking into the same Realm twice. If things were like that, then everyone would insist on practicing [Dimensional Cleanse] no matter what.

This was why Leonel had never really stressed about using the Visualization to break through. In fact, using his Innate Node to breakthrough was more beneficial for him in the long run and he could always use the Visualization later.

Somehow, though, this singular breakthrough still felt like an enormous watershed.

Leonel could only ignore it. He was still worried about being interrupted, so he wanted to gain as much as he could before others insisted on interfering.

However what he hadn't known was that the Force was so violent and dense that no one dared to get close. Or, more accurately, anyone who would have dared wasn't present to begin with!

In this world, atmospheric Force wasn't just more difficult to control, but when it appeared in large concentrations, it was dangerous for those that followed the Star Path, especially if the Force followed a path that they did not.

Leonel blazed through the Fifth Dimension once more. By the third day, he had already stepped into Tier 6, by the fourth, Tier 7. By the fifth, he broke through once again, finally entering Tier 8. And, exactly one week later, just like he planned, he sat at the border of Tier 9, ready to break the final veil and form his Ninth Star.

However, at that moment, Leonel paused. There was a secret here he knew he hadn't quite grasped, but there was also an opportunity.Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Leonel took a breath, a roar leaving his lips.

At that moment, the sound of a final shattering barrier resounded and the Ninth Star began to form in Leonel's mind.

However, there wasn't one Star Core, there were two.

And neither of them were red-gold. 