Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

If there was anything Leonel knew how to do, it was to take advantage of a situation. Whether it was in his daily life or even his battle style, everything was predicated on capitalizing on a moment of opportunity, a moment of weakness, or even a moment of enlightenment.

Over the last week, Leonel felt like his mind was constantly getting refreshed and constantly strengthening. Not only had it allowed him to stay awake and not rest a single time, but it also made him sharper and faster, his mind growing even more powerful than it had been before.

No, it was more like his mind was finally gaining the proper fuel, blessed with a  refreshing amount and quality of Force it had never experienced before.

As the Dream Force surged in, Leonel felt that his base Starry Spirit Domain was slowly growing millimeter by millimeter.

At the same time, as his Vital Star Force Stars rumbled with life, the feeling of vitality coursing through his veins was absolutely intoxicating. It was as though someone was pouring the purest ambrosia of the gods into his heart, allowing every pump to send it throughout his body.

His lifespan was quickly expanding, but better yet, his Healing Factor seemed to have grown supercharged.

As though this wasn't enough, his [Star Fusion] self created technique, one he rarely used due to all its limitations, seemed to grow endlessly powerful. Leonel couldn't even spare the mental power to think about the implications of such a change. The time it would take to recharge his [Star Fusion] technique might not even be a fraction of what it once was. In fact, it even seemed that he might not have to wait for it to recharge at all.

Of all of these Stars, though, the most special was without a doubt Leonel's Scarlet Star Force twin Stars.

When they began absorbing the Scarlet Star Force toward them, filling themselves up like someone who had suffered through a famine, its changes were far more profound than Leonel's other Stars.

Not only did it feel as though its growth capacity was far beyond that of his other Stars, Leonel also watched in awe as it began to quickly form its own Runes. One after another, they manifested in the large mass of swirling, hot, red-gold gas.

Leonel didn't need to think much to be certain that these must be Star Runes as opposed to the God Runes of the Dimensional Verse. Unlike others who didn't have Innate Node, Leonel's Star Runes formed automatically based on his comprehended Innate Node. Not only that, but because they were the truest and most natural form of Destruction Runes, they were far beyond anything the comprehension a living creature could possibly form.

How could a person match up to the genius of the evolution of the world at large? After countless trillions of years of trial and order, the perfect and final state of these Star Runes were finally created, and now they formed under the control of Leonel, radiating out with such violent energies that Leonel bed crumbled to ashes despite him not releasing them, his bedroom's floors and walls beginning to grow with cracks.

The entire process couldn't have been more magical or any more mystical. Leonel had never felt the presence of his Innate Node, or rather Innate Nodes, so clearly. It was as though they were muffled and yelling for his attention previously, only for their roars to finally reach his ears now.

At that moment, new Destruction Runes quickly formed in Leonel's eyes. His eyelids glowed with a blinding red-gold light, barely holding them back.

Leonel had already comprehended 729 Destruction Runes, but that couldn't even be said to have been under his own effort. It had happened while he was unconscious. But this time, he couldn't have been more conscious. In fact, he experienced every bit of this magical feeling.

From 729, he crossed 1000, then 2000. With every set of 9 that formed, they would combine. With every set of 81 they would combine one more. With every set of 729, they would combine once again, dancing in Leonel's irises and becoming more and more profound with every passing second.

The estate quaked uncontrollably, the overload of Destruction Runes would have shattered the foundation of any other location in the city. But the Oliidark estate was the most fortified location there was outside of the city walls themselves.

Leonel's heart pumped with wild abandon. His Destruction Rune Formation caused such a commotion that it was hard to pay attention to just what was happening to the other parts of his body. But those changes were just as profound even though they had far more room to grow.

As the Dream Force pumped throughout him, Leonel felt that his mind was growing stronger. It wasn't just his Internal Sight and Starry Spirit Domain, it was something deeper, as though even his Lineage Factors themselves were being fueled and evolved.

His Spear Domain Lineage Factor, predominantly located in his mind, seemed to expand and become more complex.

His King's Might flourished, the small violet humanoid figure that used to be its form growing larger and more detailed. It formed its own armor, holding a bow in one hand and a spear in the other. It stood valiantly in the recesses of Leonel's mind, brimming with fighting will.

His Starry Tailed Fox Lineage Factor's Wisdom Branch flourished, the boundaries of his mind becoming sturdier and its expanse became wider.nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Somehow, these breakthroughs were pushing the boundaries of already defined limits to Lineage Factors that had always been with Leonel.

But that was just what Dream Force had done. When the Vital Star Force got a hold of Leonel, the changes to his mind began to fuse with the now coming changes to his body.

It was as though everything was coming together as one, leaving no stone unturned and forming a perfect and whole product.

Leonel's body was put under the constant pressure of evolution, his strengths fusing together into a whole that the former version of himself couldn't hope to compare to.