Leonel was in a state of unprecedented focus. There was no doubt that the Void Star Force came toward him at a much slower pace that the others had. His affinity with Water Force wasn't high enough to control a True State Water Force as easily as he could Dream Force or Scarlet Star Force.

In addition, when he had first formed his connection with Vital Star Force, he had been within a trial where it was quite literally the only Force around, making it far easier.

Still, while the task was slow, it wasn't impossible. It was only about 1% as fast as the formation of his other Stars, but this 1% shouldn't be underestimated. In fact, this 1% was enough for the foundation of the estate to still continue to tremble.

Leonel was able to make up with his own weaknesses with his comprehension of the Visualization that formed the core of the Fifth Dimensional layer of [Dimensional Cleanse]. By this point, he had comprehended it to the point that he could also pass it down to others without restriction.

With this comprehension, the Force Art had practically become his own, dancing and shifting to the whims of his palms as he pleased and bringing forth the Force he asked for obediently.

If it wasn't for the fact that Leonel was trying to form two Stars at once, this level of comprehension would have been enough to net him at least 10% of his maximum speed. But at this point, this no longer mattered, he had already chosen his path.

Void Star Force radiated out in the surrounding, a dense and sticky darkness fighting for a balance with Leonel's Scarlet Star Force.

Leonel pressed the feeling down. It wasn't time for them to fight yet. Right now, he needed balance.

Two kernels formed in his Ethereal Glabella, his massive Mage Core twinkling as the leaves of Water Force reacted, beginning to slowly evolve beneath the stronger currents of Force.

The moment the kernels formed, Leonel knew he had already succeeded. These were likely the infant stages of a Star, so as long as he fueled them more, they would grow to the same size as the others. And, if he wasn't them to match his Scarlet Star Force Stars, he would need to comprehend their Void Runes.

But for now, Leonel only focused on enlarging them, and that he did.

With every revolution, his affinity grew and the speed increased.

In two days, he had already caught up by half, in five, it was already at 90%. By the end of the second week…

WENG!

A ripple shot out from Leonel, a balance becoming forcefully struck between his Stars. One side of his body rolled with a dark blue, the other dancing with a red gold. Like fire and water, they twisted around and rejected one another, fighting for supremacy.

At that moment, it was surprisingly Leonel's Mage Core that took center stage, shining a bright light that forced the two to calm, settling down into a calm rhythm.

Leonel's eyes snapped open, the almost 6000 Destruction Runes in his irises slowly fading, but not before they bore a hole in the wall opposite him, only to be stopped by a hidden protection.

Leonel's eyes didn't seem to reflect happiness in the slightest. In fact, his thoughts had already turned toward the Sixth Dimensional layer of [Dimensional Cleanse].

Half of his month-long deadline had already passed. He didn't have time to waste.

He could sense people rushing toward his room, having finally gotten a chance to burst through the barrier of Force, but he completely ignored them.

In fact…

Leonel's eyes flashed, a strong Earth Force surging toward him. In just a few seconds, the room around him had become nothing more than a box of metal, fusing the doorway and windows.

Leonel had gone from someone who could hardly move the Force in this world to suddenly being able to force such an exaggerated him.

'You all wait outside obediently while I break through.'

Leonel closed his eyes once more. The difficult work had already been done. With the foundation laid, breaking into the Sixth Dimension was as easy as flipping over a palm.

However, when Leonel finally took a look at the Sixth Dimensional layer, his brows jumped.

He stayed silent for a long time before his lips suddenly curled into a smile.

It seemed that he was correct. This [Dimensional Cleanse] technique… maybe its author really was right to brag so much in their introduction.

<Dimensional Cleanse Sixth Dimension – Star Manifestation>

**

Click.Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Leonel walked out of his room, his expression calm and indifferent. However, the scenery he walked into was anything but.

The guest house he had been staying in was razed to the ground. In fact, the door he had just shut close behind him slowly fell backward, collapsing with a loud thud.

Before Leonel, several individuals stood, among which was Mistress Oliidark who's eyes were narrowed.

Right now, Leonel stood like a towering pillar. He wasn't actually so tall and he hadn't even grown a single inch, but something about his presence made him feel like a mountain that had just formed.

His pale violet hair and eyes glowed with their own light as though coated with a fluorescent pain, his aura was intoxicating and it seemed to make his features an entire level more attractive, and on top of that… His power…

'Sixth Star…' Mistress Oliidark thought. '… All of this commotion was caused by his breakthrough?'

She wasn't here to personally witness it. In fact, she had only just come back. But this scene was enough for her to understand.

According to reports, no one had been able to step foot within 50 meters of this place for the last two weeks.

For some reason, Mistress Oliidark felt a slight warning in her heart. Had she made a mistake?

Her fingers twitched, thinking of killing Leonel right here and now. But when she remembered the meeting she had just been to, she slowly pushed down her killing intent. She still needed him.

"Bow when you see the mistress!"

A booming voice cut through the silence, a wild pressure coming toward Leonel's head. 