Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel sat in silence, his legs crossed and his mind focused as though he relished in an awkward atmosphere.

Currently, the group was on the back of an enormous flying bird, likely the largest creature that Leonel had ever seen with a wingspan of at least 50 meters. There were three boxes strapped to the back of this bird in a line down its spine and one of these boxes was shared by Leonel, Slaton and Sebastian.

Of his interactions with these people, all of them had been hostile.

First he had a clash with Slaton about the unicorn demon corpse. And then there was the clash with Sebastian twice regarding things that were quite frankly small matters in Leonel's eyes.

Slaton was an odd one. He continued to smile and hum as though nothing at all had happened. He had even pleasantly chatted with Leonel earlier as though he couldn't remember a thing. Though, to his surprise, Leonel seemed able to smile and talk as though nothing at all had happened as well, something that was quite rare among youths his age that he had met.

The one who was truly making the atmosphere "awkward" was Sebastian whose temper was nowhere near as amiable. He seemed to want to swallow Leonel alive, but unfortunately there wasn't much he could do at all.

If he kill Leonel, he wouldn't just be fulfilling his wish, but he would be offending Mistress Oliidark. If the Oliidark family showed up without three seeds, what would the people say? The prestige of a family was far too important, it saved them from a lot of the infighting that might happen.

Even if those that challenged you were ants and easily dealt with, if you constantly had to deal with such things again and again and again, then it would eventually wear down your resources as a family.

As such, prestige and looking impregnable, at least from the outside, was very important. It saved the family experts, resources and time. This way, you could put everything toward the real threats.

Sebastian was an obedient dog of the Oliidark's, how could he not place their wellbeing first?

Right this moment, though, Leonel didn't care much about Sebastian's state of might. He was more so thinking about the size of this bird. Just how could such a large creature exist?

There were too many secrets about this world that he still didn't understand. He had been in a Mythological Zone before, and though it took some liberties with the creation of its own version of the demon race, it was nothing like this.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Of course, the Camelot Zone had been much lower class and level, but Leonel wasn't sure if this was enough to explain things.

He had met Sixth Dimensional creatures before, he had even fought them. They were still the size of normal animals, give or two a few meters. But dozens of meters like this? That was too exaggerated.

"Leonel, if you don't mind me asking, what's your Force Star?" Slaton's eyes shone as he looked toward Leonel. "Mine is related to Water Force as well so we're somewhat destined in that regard. My Force Star is the Sacred Water Star."

Force Star was the term people in this world used to refer to their affinities. Usually, if they had a strong affinity for an element, it would be born within their Stars at birth, thus the reason for the name.

The Sacred Water Star, or rather Sacred Water Force, was a Water and Light Force fusion. It wasn't a True State Force, but it couldn't be considered bad as well.

It was ranked about similarly to the Luxnix family's Snow Force on the Light Force rankings, and on the Water Force rankings, it was ranked around the 60's to 70's. It was quite good, but nowhere near the best.

Leonel smiled. If he were to tell the truth, he would say Void Star Force, but he obviously couldn't do that. Of course, this wouldn't exactly be the truth either since he had forced this Force Star into existence.

Instead, Leonel replied: "Dark Ice."

Slaton's brows jumped, this wasn't because Leonel's Force Star was powerful, but rather because it was the direct opposite. Dark Ice Force combined Water Force and Dark Force, which was nice. But it was nowhere near top 100 in Dark Forces and it didn't crack the top 100 in Water Force either.

This made sense, of course. The Dark Ice Ore that Leonel used to form the foundation for this was a Fifth Dimensional Ore, it was only made somewhat more powerful by Leonel fusing it with Evolution Ores.

Since it could naturally exist in a Fifth Dimensional State, its power was definitely lacking.

This was why Slaton was so shocked. How could such a low level Force possibly create such a strong effect? Slaton couldn't help but inwardly narrow his eyes. Was Leonel lying to him? Or was he telling the truth and had other secrets?

Sebastian snorted at that moment, clearly taking the opportunity to look down on Leonel. Even if he had thought of what Slaton had, so what? It made him feel better to do things like this.

What these two didn't know was that any Force in a large enough quantity and concentration could have miraculous effects. Under the boost given to his Water Force affinity by his two newly formed Stars, the amount of Dark Ice Force Leonel could use was astronomical. Weak or not, when it was concentrated to a point, even a powerful enemy would suffer.

At that moment, the three felt the bird descending with great speed. Just minutes later, it touched the ground, jolting the box carriage they sat in.

By a tacit agreement, the three stood all at once, stepping out to be hit with a wall of noise. All sorts of creatures and people could be found around, each seemingly from another Middle Class power and many with strengths that made even Sebastian's brow furrow.

Up ahead, there was a city with enormous bronze walls that towered hundreds of meters into the sky. It almost felt as though a giant had dropped a brass ring into an ant colony, and now they were all forced to look up at it in awe.

There was no doubt that this was their destination, the location even a bird with a 50 meter wingspan hadn't dared fly into. 