Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel's eyes sparkled. The last time he had felt this level of awe was when he faced the gates of the Void Palace. Though, he could only remember feeling it four times in his lifetime.

The first time was when he faced the walls of Valiant City. The second time was when he saw the Capital of Earth. The third time was when he laid eyes on the Vital Star of the [Dimensional Cleanse] trial. And the final was, of course, when he saw the Void Palace.

Leonel had seen a lot by now and it took greater and greater feats to shock him, but this definitely met the necessary criteria.

"Maltalia? Hoho, I didn't expect that your Oliidark family would actually show its face."

A chuckling hoarse feminine voice caught Leonel's attention, but he didn't bother to look over. It was clear that this person had ill-will for the Oliidark family, or maybe there was a rivalry of sorts, but Leonel didn't care about the face or prestige of the Oliidark family, and he certainly wouldn't be stepping in to help them protect it.

Regardless of Leonel's reaction, though, an older woman sauntered over, wearing a dress that was maybe much too… modern for her age. It clung to her chest, hips and waist, leading down to a slit that revealed her right leg and the tall heels she was wearing.

Though, despite the fact her style of dress didn't quite match her age, one had to admit that she was still quite the beauty all things considered. Despite the clearly venomous words she was speaking, her smile was still elegant and refined as three youths followed to her back.

While Leonel didn't pay much attention to the interaction, he did take a look at where they had come from. However when he didn't find anything of interest outside of another oversized beast, he turned back. If it wasn't for the fact he needed to be registered with the Oliidark family, he would have long since left.

Mistress Oliidark, or rather, Maltalia, turned an indifferent gaze over. However, her granddaughter was just as disappointing as usual. Unable to hide her emotions, Athrae couldn't help but snarl when she saw who was coming over, her every reaction being written on her sleeve.

The truth was that the departure of her grandfather and father was related to these people. While fighting against the demons was a burden everyone shared, it was just the nature of humans to look out for their own interests first.

They had their own families to protect, their own lands, their own resources. They wouldn't easily leave their territory unless they were forced to.

Such a thing was usually decided on a rotation or by a lottery where the winner was actually the loser. In addition to this, there were, of course, some placements that were better than others.

Years ago, it was under the machination of this Fardan family that the two pillars of the Oliidark family were shipped away to a High Class Bubble that was being overrun. Since then, they hadn't been heard from. The interference between clashing points in space and Bubbles made it difficult to communicate over long distances, especially when it was a separation between a large divide like Middle and High Class.

The only family that didn't seem to have any limits on their communication at all were the Four Great Families.Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Qivyre Fardan chuckled when she saw Athrae's reaction, a girl to her back looking toward the useless heiress with a look of clear derision. Words probably couldn't explain how much she looked down upon this flower in a vase.

"We don't welcome you here, you may leave."

Mistress Oliidark had, at first, planned to display nonchalance and indifference, but her granddaughter's reaction made keeping that façade difficult. As such, she could only calmly say these words. However, it was as though Mistress Fardan hadn't heard them at all.

"Maltalia, I see you've come within quite a few weeks. I assume that your precious granddaughter is participating?"

Athrae's expression wavered with some apprehension. Not only did she know that the answer was no, but she actually showed a hint of fear at the prospect. It was hard to imagine that there could be a woman more useless.

"Who is participating for my Oliidark family has nothing to do with you."

Mistress Oliidark was beginning to lose her patience, but Mistress Fardan only continued to laugh lightly.

"So these boys? I remember that your family's men didn't have strong seeds so they could only birth weak women, so these must be the new recruits you've scrounged up? A few more impotent orphans to birth more weak women for your family? How long do you think that cycle can continue?"

Mistress Oliidark's expression darkened.

Sebastian looked as though his head was about to fly from his shoulders when he heard this, but Slaton continued to smile without a word. He didn't seem to be capable of reacting with anything else.

At that moment, Leonel yawned.

"Are we going to stand here all day? This conversation is boring."

For maybe the first time, Mistress Oliidark felt grateful for words Leonel had spoken.

"Boring, indeed," she said lightly. "You three enter the city now, the hopes of the Oliidark family will be on your shoulders."

Qivyre seemed to finally shift from her baseline, her gaze shifting toward Leonel. But he never looked at her from start to finish.

The young heiress of the Fardan family, Valra, narrowed her eyes when she looked at Leonel, but by that point, he and the others were already moving toward the city. At the same time, Mistress Oliidark, her granddaughter and the elders had already eagerly returned to the large bird, prepared to leave for a new destination.

"Valra."

"Yes, grandmother!"

"Kill the three of them when there's an opportunity. You two, support her."

"Yes, Mistress!"

Qivyre's eyes narrowed. There was something odd about that boy. It was best to kill him while he was still in the beginning stages of the Sixth Star. As for the other two, the hate between the Fardan and Oliidarks was already irreconcilable. It was best to cripple their next generation entirely.