Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

There were over 30 000 participants in the Middle Class Sector from over 10 000 cities, families and organizations. Maybe it was because the Great Families didn't care for the lower classes all that much or maybe they just couldn't be bothered to care about perfect fairness, but Leonel and the others had only entered after already about 80% of the coming participants had done so.

Even so, in just a few seconds, Leonel leapt through thousands of ranks from lower than 32 000, all the way up to 19 000. He wasn't the first to have such an enormous leap among the Middle Classes, but this was still large enough of a leap to cause one of the many monitors to suddenly focus on him.

Mistress Oliidark and the others who were paying a great amount of attention to the Middle Class immediately spotted this. But when they saw that Leonel was alone unlike most of the others, their expressions immediately became ugly.

This was the Middle Class Sector, even though the front was loaded with Lower Class Demons, it wouldn't remain like this for long. Very quickly, Leonel would run into middle Lower Class Demons and higher. Eventually, true Middle Class Demons would appear and a single group wouldn't be enough.

Mistress Oliidark's face went completely dark.

She knew why Leonel had done this. He didn't trust Sebastian or Slaton. It wasn't that she hadn't thought of this possibility, but she thought that in choosing between a potential risk to his life and a certain death, Leonel would choose the former. Anyone would choose the former.

It seemed, though, that she had underestimated Leonel's stubbornness.

Things would still be fine if only Leonel died, but now that he was gone it left the other two vulnerable. It was very likely that because of one Leonel, her whole Oliidark family would be ruined.

…

Back in the Sector, Sebastian and Slaton were already gritting their teeth, even the usually calm and smiling Slaton had a gaze that dimmed a considerable amount. They had tried to call out to Leonel, but it was as though he hadn't heard a single word they said.

The unfortunate truth was that Leonel was right to directly ignore them. Mistress Oliidark had already informed them that once the events died down and they secured a safe house, that they were to find a chance to directly kill Leonel and take his point. In fact, Slaton had put in a little extra effort to get closer to Leonel as well during the ride here.

However, neither expected that Leonel would disregard his own safety to spite them. It was like Leonel was dragging them toward death. If he was going to die, then they could all die together.

Sebastian and Slaton both turned serious as they felt a subtle trio of gazes land on them. They didn't need to look over to know that it was the Fardan family participants.

The two were still talents in their own rights and they immediately understood the situation they were in. They didn't even dare to allow the Fardans to realize they had noticed their intent, feigning ignorance. It was best to remain as far away from open hostility until they could settle down.

Their gazes flashed with a cold light as they looked off toward where Leonel had disappeared before buckling down and fending off the wave of demons. They weren't as foolish as Leonel, they knew how important it was to conserve their strength.

…

Leonel shot through the demons, his Spear Force shredding everything in its path. He could already guess what all of them were thinking, but he didn't mind it. In fact, he found it a bit amusing.

Stamina? With how well his Vital Stars and Dream Force Stars worked now, he would probably grow bored of even a life and death struggle before his stamina gave way.

Plus, even if that wasn't the case, he was hardly using any of his strength right now, which also meant that Mistress Oliidark's worries about Middle Class demons would also fall on deaf ears.

Leonel's goal wasn't even this place. If the Middle Class Sector didn't have what he needed, he would kill enough demons to exchange a pass to enter the High Class Sector. If that wasn't enough, he would enter the Human Class Sector.

As far as he was concerned, there was nothing here that could threaten him. At the same time, this place was also the opportunity he needed to finish the final stretch of the two weeks that remained of his plans ahead of schedule, so he didn't even care much about revealing a bit more of his strength either.

Regardless, after he left this place, he wouldn't be returning to the Oliidark family.

'1 point per five lower Low Class demons, 1 per two middle Low Class demons and 1 per higher Low Class demon. The numbers could get annoying, it would be better to target Middle Class Demons.'

There was a huge jump for Middle Class Demons, 10 Demon Points for lower, 100 for middle, and 1000 for higher. That was where the big money was and it was also probably why Leonel's jump in rankings was so slow after he crossed below the 20 000 mark.

"Ah, that's where you've been hiding."Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

A smile spread across Leonel's face as he spotted his first Middle Class Demon.

Those that had been watching in a cloud above the city wore weird expressions. Many who had a relationship with the Oliidark family had already made the connection since the name Leonel Oliidark was on display for all to see.

Those who had good relationships with the family looked toward the Mistress with pitying expressions, but many more laughed and sneered. Didn't it show a lack of foresight to allow such a youth to participate in such an important event?

But it wasn't long before those smiles froze.

Leonel shot toward the low Middle Class Demon like a bulldozer. He didn't even levy an attack, just letting his Absolute Spear Domain rip it apart.

Flesh worth its weight in gold fell to the ground in a rain but Leonel didn't seem to care about it in the slightest.

He shot forward, looking for his next victim as though nothing had happened. 