Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Mistress Oliidark stood frozen.

After a long while, she released a self deprecating laugh. She realized right then that one way or another, the Oliidark family was finished. She had underestimated Leonel.

With this level of talent, how could the Morales family not have been at least a High Class family? In that case, so long as Leonel rose high enough, he would catch the attention of the enemies that had destroyed it. Once they saw the name Oliidark, even if they didn't act now, in the future her family would find itself facing an unknown behemoth.

Even if by some miracle Leonel passed under the radar, over-performing to this extent would net him too much power. With Leonel's personality, he would hesitate to betray them and come back in the future for revenge.

And, to make matters even worse, even if Leonel was still overestimating himself and he ended up dying, Sebastian and Slaton weren't far from following in his footsteps.

One way or another, no matter how she flipped and analyzed it, they were finished.

…

Leonel zipped around, finding every Middle Class demon he could and shredding them to pieces.

His ranking continued to shoot up by large strides, from 19 000 to 15 000, and then from 15 000 to 12 000. It had only been several minutes since he entered, but he had already accumulated over 300 Demon Points.

'This city is so large, it feels like a world of its own. Before I make any other moves, I should check these shops to see what's going on.'

Leonel chose a random shop, blasted the demons around away and tried to enter.

Immediately, he was greeted with a message. It told him the level of the shop, the entry fee, and how long he could stay inside.

This was the lowest level shop, but it still cost 3 Demon Points just to enter. You would have to kill 15 low Lower Class Demons just for the right to enter a low level shop for 15 minutes. It could be said that this was definitely a hell on earth.Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

If Leonel had entered this place before entering the Sixth Dimension, he would definitely be struggling with these requirements. It required so much just to enter, so how much would the things inside cost?

The first shop Leonel entered was actually an exchange. It could convert demon corpses into Force Pills that could have a myriad of effects. Some gave temporary boosts in strength, some healed injuries, and some could have small but permanent effects on your power.

This was just the lowest level shop, so it could only do this for Low Class demons.

Leonel exited the shop after he was done and continued on his killing spree until he found another to enter, checking them all one by one.

As he entered these shops, Leonel's rank didn't fall. If one had to choose between spending their points or hoarding them, there wouldn't be much of a benefit to families. Instead, spent points and hoarded points split into two categories. At the end of the event, hoarded points would be increased by 50% while spent points would be worth the same. That was the only incentive to hoard your points.

That said, most would choose to spend when they had a chance in the beginning to strengthen themselves as much as possible, and then during the final days go all out to gather as many hoarded points as possible.

After an analysis, Leonel split the shop into several categories.

The first shop was a conversion type shop, essentially helping one to gain even more benefits from their demon hunting. The second shop type was the weapon shop, the third was the technique shop, the fourth was resource shops and the final was the healing shop.

These were all the lowest class, though. As Leonel moved up, he finally crossed a threshold. Not only were there more Middle Class demons, but this was the point where residence, or safe houses, appeared.

The lowest level of safe house only allowed you to enter and rest for a certain period of time. The higher the class, the more benefits and amenities there were. Many provided food, at a higher level they doubled as healing shops, and at the highest, they even came with large concentrations of Force that allowed you to increase your strength.

This final level, though, was only left to the sky rises in the distance, which would be considered Leonel's main goal.

The resource shops that Leonel had seen until now didn't have anything that moved them. They had low class herbs and ores, but nothing on the list of things Leonel needed.

The last chance Leonel had were the sky rises. If they didn't have it, he would definitely need to buckle down and gather the 100 000 Demon Points he would need to enter the High Class.

By the time Leonel made it, he had already entered the top 1000, forcing the Middle Class leaders into a state of numbness as they stared ahead. However, the higher he climbed, the more despair Mistress Oliidark felt.

She sank into her seat, her face a ghastly sheen of white and her wrinkled hands trembling.

A lack of stamina? Even after an hour Leonel hadn't sweat even a single bead.

Worry about Middle Class demons? Shouldn't they be worried about him?

Everything from earlier seemed so laughable.

…

Leonel shot into the first sky rise, paying the 1000 Demon Point fee and gaining a day-long entry. He looked around, finding several gazes suddenly landing on him. The elite of the Middle Class cities were surprised by a new entry, especially since they didn't recognize who he was.

But Leonel didn't care for them even a bit. He was on a time crunch. This event wouldn't last forever, so he had to do his best with the time he had.

Without hesitation, he entered the first shop, his gaze sharpening as he scanned the items one by one. 