Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The items here were most definitely better than what he could find outside and the refinement shops could refine even High Class demons, not that you'd find any here. But the breathing room still allowed for the Force Pills you received in return to be of higher quality and greater yield.RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Leonel was absolutely certain that this was at least a Gold Grade Zone, or else there wouldn't be so many powerful individuals here. So, he was also certain that he could take things out as well even if it wasn't a Unique Zone—not that he was quite certain of this either. As such, Leonel wasn't just on the look out for the materials he needed, but he was also looking for things that might be of interest to him.

In a Mythological Zone like this one, not only were there bound to be a new magic system, but there would also be new technologies the real world wouldn't have. For example, Camelot had used crystal balls to store and exchange information. Although the Void Palace had something similar with their pendants, it still wasn't exactly the same.

​ Plus, it also had to be considered that Camelot's Zone was very low level compared to the Void Palace. The fact they could form even a similar technology was highly impressive. And, it confirmed that a high level Zone like this one would most definitely have something even more impressive, Leonel just needed to find it.

Leonel chose to ignore the refinement shops for now as demons of this level weren't very useful to him. He had already simulated it, and his body was much too powerful to benefit even from these higher yield Force Pills. It would likely require one refined from the body of a Human Class Demon before there was any substantial change.

Techniques also weren't very interesting to Leonel. With his grandfather's methods, he didn't feel the need to focus on them, he could create his own with combinations of words. In addition, one day he'd be able to reclaim the Segmented Cube, so the techniques hidden within the Bronze Tablet would supplement his Starry Tailed Fox Lineage Factor. This was all on top of the fact the Morales family had a copious amount of techniques perfect for their Lineage Factor, not to mention Leonel's self created [Star Fusion.

And of course, Leonel had learned his lesson. He no longer felt like it was right to bother with other Force Accumulation Techniques when [Dimensional Cleanse] had so many secrets that he had yet to tap into.

So, Leonel focused mainly on resources. He was also in great need of a top class bow and arrows.

Nothing on the first floor met his standards, so he immediately went up, paying the fees without batting an eye. If there was anything that he couldn't afford, he would simply go back and earn the Demon Points he needed to exchange for it.

The geniuses on the first floor couldn't help but look toward one another. Even they felt the pinch shooting up like floors like that, that was why they had stayed on the first floor to rest. But Leonel had just entered and didn't even hesitate.

"Check the rankings. Are there any names you don't recognize?"

"There, at 671st. Ollidark? That family that can't produce any heirs? That should be him but it's not adding up. They shouldn't have anyone that powerful."

"671st is still manageable, it's not enough to be worried about gaining the Top Prize. But judging by how he's spending his points right now, he doesn't seem to care very much at all. He's likely very confident that he can climb much higher."

"He came alone and he's completely uninjured, he's definitely a threat."

The gazes of the geniuses grew serious.

The Top Prize was something most of them were gunning for even though they were aware that it was unlikely for them to get it. The idea of one more competitor left them uneasy, especially since the context clues seemed to tell them that Leonel was formidable.

Unlike the other prizes, landing the Top Prize would be a qualitative change for most here. In fact, it would be enough to go from a Middle Class genius to a High Class and maybe even Human Class depending on how compatible they were with it.

The unfortunate part was that the Top Prize wasn't guaranteed to be handed out. Even first place on the rankings wasn't guaranteed to get it.

In order to land the prize, what you needed wasn't points, you needed a certain percentage of kills.

Eventually, the demons would stop spawning once all participants were present and all of the Low Class demons had been cleared, a number would appear. For their Middle Class region, the only way to land the prize was to be personally responsible for the death of 10% of the demons! 10%!

There were easily hundreds of thousands of demons in this city with them. The idea of killing such a number of Middle Class demons on your own was absolutely ridiculous!

  Many could only curse the Great Families in their hearts, but they still kept their thoughts to themselves. Who dared to speak ill of the Great Families in their world? Doing so was tantamount to suicide. The shield that protected them from Chaos Demons wasn't to be blasphemed.

Leonel didn't have any idea about what the youths were talking about. Because Mistress Oliidark had kept him in the dark about a lot of things, he only really understood the basic rules that the automated voice had spoken into his mind.

However he still quickly jumped from shop to shop until he found a decent enough bow that he exchanged 10 000 Demon Points for. This so-called "decent" bow was actually exceptionally powerful. It was just that after using the White Lion Bow, Leonel's standards had shot up tremendously. Still, it was a great Silver Grade bow that came with the function of self created arrows with power based on how much Bow Force you poured into it.

Under the confused gazes of the Oliidark family who thought him to be a spearman, he strapped it to his back and ascended to the penthouse floor of the sky rise. But what he found there left him absolutely frozen in shock.

A Bronze Tablet, shimmering behind a protective formation, hovered in the air… The words on its surface all too familiar to Leonel. 