Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

'A Union of Light and Darkness will reveal the Twelve-Pointed Star.'

There was only one place that Leonel had seen these words before: the Luxnix family's Bronze Tablet. The very same Bronze Tablet that was responsible for the Luxnix family's Lineage Factor, that was responsible for Leonel's current Starry Tailed Fox Lineage Factor.

However, this one was different. Completely different.

It looked exactly the same. Had exactly the same words. Radiated the same colors. And yet Leonel had a nagging feeling in his heart that it wasn't the same at all, that it couldn't have been more different, that it was even directly opposite and opposing him.

Leonel took a breath and exhaled, his expression returning to its baseline focused state. He knew in his heart that he had already decided to go all out for this Tablet, even if it required delaying his movement toward the High Class. It was simply too important.

If Leonel was correct about this feeling, this Tablet was the other half. It didn't provide the side of Light, but rather… the side of Darkness. Leonel had no idea why it would be here or how this world was related to the Tablets, but the more he learned and found out, the more confused he became. Even his mind couldn't wrap around exactly what was happening.

Leonel chose the only method he could and finally read the introduction. But to his disappointment, it didn't give him what he needed.

However, after getting over his disappointment, Leonel's eyes glowed.

According to the introduction, what you saw here would be whatever you "needed the most". Apparently, what everyone saw here would be different to guarantee the quality and value of the top prize.

The trouble was that after reading into the fine print, the prize wasn't guaranteed to be useful to you either. If you say, already had the Lineage Factor, the limitations of a Middle Class Top Prize wouldn't allow you to gain the Silver Tablet you needed to continue. This meant that the best you could hope for here was a Bronze Tablet.

But it was also curious for another reason. This didn't guarantee that Leonel would be able to use the Tablet either.

From his conversations with Wise Star Order, Leonel had learned that just having the tablet wasn't enough to gain the Lineage Factor within it. You had to have a certain level of affinity for it to begin with, only then would you be able to resonate with the tablet and gain what was within it.

This was why you couldn't just immediately leap to the greatest Lineage Factor within the Tablet, and it was also the reason why the likes of Myghell gained so much more than most others from meditating upon the Tablet as well. Resonance mattered.

Leonel was a bit unfortunate in this respect.

This system seemed to register that this Tablet would resonate well with him, but that was only because it happened to be a pair with its Light Force counterpart. And, since Leonel had already reached the peak of the Lineage Factors the Light Star Bronze Tablet could give him, the system wouldn't give him that Bronze Tablet either.

Leonel could make up for his lack of affinity with his Divine Armor, but he had already switched his aim once already, if he switched it again it would make his foundation shaky. And right now, Dark Force was only a secondary affinity he gained from his armor, making it even weaker.

Leonel didn't believe he had the resonance necessary to make this tablet react to him at all. But it didn't matter, he definitely needed it.

The Tablets were something that Leonel was endlessly fascinated by. He knew that there was a secret behind them that he'd only be able to reveal if he collected as many as possible.

These Tablets could allow breakthrough, grant Lineage Factors, give Ability Indexes, and even resurrect the dead! If Leonel didn't get to the bottom of this, he could forget about ever reaching the pinnacle of the Dimensional Verse. In fact, he had a feeling that the secret behind this was the very key to doing so.

'10%, huh… I didn't plan on going so hard in the Middle Class Sector, but it seems I'll need to unleash a bit of carnage.'

Leonel left the top floor and paid for residence. There was no point in going out right now. Very soon, the Low Class demons would all be killed and the final phase would begin. When that happened, he would have to act as fast as possible, finishing it all in a single sweep.

Leonel found a bed and collapsed into it. He wasn't very tired as he had hardly done much, but he closed his eyes anyway, allowing the dense Force to seep into his pores.

What he didn't know was that at that moment, he finally caught the attention of the Adurna family man sitting on the throne. The man had not shown any reaction whatsoever from start to finish, even while he watched the geniuses of the Fiend Class display power the likes of which would wipe out many of the city leaders here.

However, when he saw the tablet that appeared for Leonel, his pupils constricted into pinholes.

The man stood abruptly, vanishing with a speed none present could track.

…

"Who allowed those the Twelve-Pointed Star Tablets into the selection process?"

"Oh? You realized?"

"How could I not realize? Someone has summoned them!"

The voice on the other end suddenly perked up.

"Really?"

"Are you taking this as a joke?!"

The voice paused for a moment before it spoke again.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"This isn't a decision that can be interfered with. Let alone the Twelve-Pointed Star, the Emperor's Might Tablets have also been placed inside. The world has spent too long without these Star Forces and the Chaos Demons are growing more powerful. If they don't appear again soon, the human race will be finished."

"Do you take me for a fool?! Who do you think destroyed them in the first place?!"

"Watch your tone. These aren't things that should be said aloud, or even you will lose your head."

The blue-haired man seemed to realize that he had said too much and he fell into silence, but his eyes still blazed with uncertainty. 