Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing the silence of the blue-haired man, the voice grew gentler. It was clear that whoever this individual of the Adurna family was, his standing was not small, or else the voice wouldn't even bother to show such courtesy.nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"This isn't the only place we've allowed those Tablets to spread and we are currently heavily monitoring their activity. Some risks need to be taken. They were destroyed years ago because their threat was too enormous, but it's precisely their strength that we need now."

The blue-haired man opened his mouth to speak but he held back, shaking his head.

It seemed that history had a tendency to repeat itself. Those families had been destroyed long ago, but it seemed that their families wanted to bring them back in a controlled fashion by spreading the Lineage Factors among the common folk.

To the blue-haired man, even the geniuses of the Fiend Rank could only be considered as such. The chasm between them and the Great Families was simply far too large.

However, if these common folk were given these Tablets, the change to their destiny would be far too great. Who was to say those families wouldn't rise up again?

Just thinking about it logically, it made no sense. If those who managed to get their hands on these Lineage Factors were restrained enough that they could be controlled and managed, how would they be able to help against Chaos Demons the Great Families couldn't deal with?

And, if they were unleashed enough to grow powerful enough to deal with matters the Great Families could not, then how would their four families keep control of them at all?

No matter how you looked at it, it felt like they were dropping a stone on their own feet while seeing it through all the way and not even attempting to dodge. It was a recipe for disaster and the Four Great Families could be greatly shaken by this like they once had been in the past.

"The higher ups aren't fools, Avras. They know what they're doing. The Dream Project will be the key to it all and the results are forthcoming. In as little as one to two hundred years, it will be completed and the result will be apparent for all to see."

Avras' brows jumped when he heard Dream Project. The words alone seemed to settle his nerves and his understanding grew by a large measure.

As for what those two words represented, maybe only the highest echelon of this world knew.

"You heard the snap that rang out that day just like I did, Avras. However, what you don't know is that eighth barrier to the Chaos Bubble shattered along with it. We don't have much time left, some chances have to be taken.

"Now go and do your duty. Don't allow anyone to see a crack in the shield of the Great Families."

Avras shook from head to toe when he heard these words, but he clenched his jaw to stop himself, his gaze turning cold.

Then, he turned and vanished, reappearing on his throne as though nothing had happened.

…

Leonel had no idea what was happening and what the Tablets truly represented, but his eyes snapped open just the same. It seemed that it was time.

He jumped up, his gaze already cold as he regained his absolute focus.

He flashed out of his residence. This one trip had already cut down his Demon Points by more than half, but he didn't seem to care. What he was about to do was going to give him more Demon Points than he could even spend in the Middle Class Zone.

Leonel appeared on the first floor, several eyes focusing on him. However, he planned to ignore them all until his footsteps suddenly came to a halt.

His gaze flashed, landing on a group of three young men in the corner. Their auras were so much more powerful than anyone else here that his gaze narrowed.

Without even having to think, Leonel knew immediately what was happening. If even the likes of Sebastian and Slaton could have insider information, how could other, much higher class families, not?

If Leonel ran one of these families and wanted to maximize his chances, he just might send some of his geniuses to forcefully snatch the quotas of some weaker families.

It was clear that the Four Great Families were making some kind of push. For what, Leonel didn't know. But it didn't particularly matter to him, very soon, he would be leaving this place.

Leonel suddenly grinned at the trio. The provocation in his expression was impossible to hide. He didn't know why, but he suddenly couldn't control the urge.

His bow flew from his back and into his hand as though it had a mind of his own and he shot outside.

The trio of young men's eyes sharpened. They burst into action, shooting out in a whirl of Force. By the time they did so, their heads could only shoot up to find Leonel soaring through into the skies, his leaping strength beyond what they could fathom.

A roar left Leonel's lips, his Dream Force Stars whirling to life as his Internal Sight expanded so far that it nearly blanketed the entire city. At the same, his Bow Force spurred, blanketing the surroundings in a suffocating Sixth Dimensional aura. It suddenly felt to everyone in the city that no matter where they tried to hide, Leonel's arrow would strike true.

Leonel landed on the top of the highest sky rise, pulling his bowstring taut. The strength flooding through his body was unlike anything he had experienced before. This was the first time he would let loose a bit since he stepped foot into the Sixth Dimension. But the feeling of being able to use the full power of his Bow Force without restraint was what truly made him feel like he was walking on air.

Those watching were soon to witness something they could never fathom.

A violet tsunami of Enlightened Bow Force gathered, forming an arrow so resplendent that it shone like the sun and so powerful it forced the air to quake.

Leonel's stance suddenly shifted, pointing his bow straight up before releasing.

Like a flashbang, the arrow reached its high point before exploding, a rain of thousands of arrows falling down like a rain.

One by one, just as many Middle Class demons were pierced through.