Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel's Bow Force seemed to have a life of its own, treating the lives of Middle Class demons as though they were made up of nothing more than wet tissue paper.

The feeling of finally being able to unleash his Bow Force without the support of external items made Leonel feel as though he was floating on a cloud. Every time he pulled his bowstring back, his grin grew wider and the light in his eyes only seemed to grow brighter.

The eyes of the trio that had followed after him went wide and the elders that were watching fell into a deep silence. This was still just the Middle Class, but the power Leonel was displaying was clearly well beyond that.

The challenge for the Top Prize wasn't meant to be cleared so easily. In fact, there was no guarantee that it would be claimed at all. If there was no one worthy, then the prize would simply return to the Great Families. It was that simple.

However, at the pace Leonel was going, it looked as though he might succeed in as little as ten minutes. And there was no one more clear about this than the youths below.

The trio grit their teeth.

"Stop him! We'll have to kill him first, then secure the top prize."

The moment one of them spoke what was already on their minds, they sprung into action, a flurry of lightning erupting around them.

Leonel noticed their movement immediately, but he still launched two more shots into the air, slaughtering hundreds more.

At that moment, the trio appeared around him in a triangular formation, arcs of lightning connecting them.

They pressed their hands together, their eyes sparking with a golden light as they pushed out, three lightning lances forming around Leonel all at once.

This formation was something that they had prepared to deal with large amounts of Middle Class demons all at once. In fact, using this lightning would expose their true identities as being descents of the High Class organization, the Lightning Lance Pavilion. However, it was clear that they didn't care. An open secret was still a secret. Everything had already been perfectly calculated.

However, just when they thought they could skewer Leonel from three sides, his Absolute Spear Domain appeared, shredding their lightning lances to pieces. It treated one of their most powerful attacks as though they were paper thin.

Leonel's hair danced in the air, a cool smile on his face. He didn't even deem it necessary to use his Ability Index on these people. Right this moment, he just wanted a bit of fun.

His bow flashed, seemingly appearing on his back as though it had a mind on his own.

With his free hand, he pierced forward with two fingers toward one of them. The moment his second hand recovered from putting his bow away, it too pierced forward. But the speed was so fast that it felt as though they had both acted simultaneously.

Swift.

The golden lines of Spear Force appeared before two of the trio in the blink of an eye. Their eyes could only widen, their hearts leaping into their throats.

"Lightning Armor!"Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

The two roared out simultaneously, one blue armor and another colored more violet appearing.

BANG! BANG!

The two shot backward and off the roof of the sky rise, crashing into opposing buildings without the ability to stop themselves.

Leonel's body had already completed a half spin before he even saw his attacks land, gathering the momentum into a strong punch that caused the air to pop.

The third member of the trio could only react in the very same way, his armor slightly tinged red. But he was sent flying backward just as easily. Leonel's body was so powerful that just the wind pressure of his strike alone made him cough up a mouthful of blood, and the Force powering it nearly shattered his body apart.

Leonel paused for a moment as the three shot through the city, their bodies wreaking havoc.

Lightning Armor? The name wasn't very unique and he had seen similar techniques before. But it felt so similar to his own Divine Armor. Of course, it didn't use Earth Force. But everything from the Runes to the converging system to form an armor seemed all too similar. In fact, each of them even had a slightly different tinge or color, showing that they could follow their own paths just like he could.

'… Interesting…' Leonel smiled.

His bow appeared in his hand once again, his arrows becoming even faster. The terror he rained made it look like he was the demon rather than the other way around. He relished in it, a feeling unleashing in his heart that tinged his irises red.

His white Bow Force seemed to become tinged by the crimson energy as well, becoming more forceful and more powerful.

Every time one landed, it would be as though a landmine had imploded within their. Head would be shredded apart like watermelon, chests would be split open, and entire limbs and shoulders would vanish into a swirl of crimson, never to reform themselves again.

The trios looked up, shattered glass, metal, brick and stone laying around them.

Their gazes flashed with rage. A mere Middle Class genius had done this to them? The humiliation was more than they could stomach.

However, they had been given a mission by their organization. The most powerful three of them had, of course, been sent to the High Class Sector. The three of them could be considered to be fourth through sixth in ranking. But even with that being the case, they were supposed to have this victory guaranteed. They couldn't allow this to happen.

"ALL OF YOU!" one of them roared. "Attack together now or else we'll personally kill you all!"

The roar shook the spectators awake, even those that were still struggling to make it toward the center of the city.

When the Fardans, along with Sebastian and Slaton, saw who the target was, their eyes flashed and they shot forward along with everyone else.