Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel's eyes narrowed as he drew his bowstring back again. He didn't feel threatened. He could take these people out with just a bit more effort than he took out the Middle Class demons. The problem was that he knew he was being monitored and if he slaughtered all the geniuses of these organizations and families, leaving this place would be difficult.

Leonel had already learned enough about these sorts of words to know that fairness and logic was only a thing you could demand when you had powerful enough backing.

Back in the Milky Way, no one knew what kind of backing he had, so he faced trouble everywhere he went. The Luxnix family had underestimated the kind of power his father held, so he had suffered at their hands as a baby. It wasn't until he reached the Void Palace where everyone knew who he was that he received the treatment someone of his stature should.

Now he was in a completely different world, one that had never heard of the Morales name and seemed even more powerful than the world he knew even if they somehow had. These individuals weren't people he could afford to lightly offend without worrying about the consequences.

'… Consider yourselves lucky,' Leonel thought to himself.

His back tightened again, his bowstring being pulled taut only to release another flurry of arrows.

Leonel knew that it wasn't just about the Top Prize. Most of these people knew that they couldn't get it.

The first issue was fear of the Lightning Lance Pavilion trio. These people were even more familiar with this world than Leonel was, so they likely knew that there were such people hidden in the shadows, breaking the rules.

The second was Leonel's point. Getting 10% was one matter, but the point total that would entail was beyond their wildest imaginations. In just a few moments, Leonel had already shot up to first place and the gap he was putting between himself and everyone else only seemed to be increasing by leaps and bounds.

A tide of geniuses surged toward Leonel along with demons. Demons, especially in the Middle Class, already had intelligence of their own. They could tell who the biggest threat was here and they didn't even bother to attack anyone else as they shot for Leonel.RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

At that moment, the trio finally rose to their feet, roaring.

Three total Stars appeared. The geniuses of the Middle Class couldn't help but gawk when they saw this.

Star Manifestation! These three could actually manifest their Stars into the real world!

Much like their armors, one was sparking with red lightning, another with blue and the last with violet. They all had their own Force Stars, and with their appearances, their strength shot to another level, large waves of Force surging toward them.

They shot forward, coming for Leonel with their minds on a singular focus: to kill.

Leonel made it easy on them, not moving a single inch as they approached. He continued to kill demons in large hoards, his Bow Force seemingly endless and relentless as the crimson in his irises smoldered with a hidden heat.

Leonel held his bow in one hand, his right palm flipping over to reveal a black spear wreathed in chains.

His gaze flashed, his foot took a strong step forward as he pierced outward.

The sound and tearing paper sounds as the wind split apart, a dazzling golden light streaking across the skies and appeared before the young man with a violet Star hovering to his back.

The young man was ready, a large amount of violet lightning forming around his fist until he had suddenly forward an enormous violet lance which had dancing runes on its surface.

The collision was enormous. However, while his momentum stopped, he wasn't sent flying backward again, his feet leaving heavy cracks in the concrete as he stomped backward to stop himself.

Leonel pierced out twice more, his spear, his powerful actions which easily swept across hundreds of meters seeming to be as casual as breathing.

Right at the moment, like the breath of a reaper, a shadow appeared to his back. The silhouette was lithe and slender, not to mention explosive and powerful. It was no doubt a woman, and a well trained assassin at that.

However, Leonel only sidestepped once, his spear vanishing from his hand as his claw shot out. Leonel hardly completed his turn when he felt soft flesh collide solidly with his palm, the bobbing of a throat and strained breathing traveling up his arm.

When he finally looked, he found that his hand was clamped around the throat of a young woman he recognized, the young heiress of the Fardan family. But when he looked at her, he didn't seem to feel like she was anything special at all. This young woman was most definitely not used to being stared at in such an indifferent way, but it made her body tense up, all her skills and training vanishing.

It felt to her that Leonel wasn't even worried about what she could or might do. All of her efforts were worthless, and would also be worthless. Even if she suddenly grew ten times more powerful, it would still be worthless.

Leonel squeezed lightly. But what was light to him made Valra feel as though her spine was about to snap.

"Why even bother to do something so useless?"

Leonel tossed her off the side of the building, her body colliding with the two remaining hidden members of the Fardan family and causing all three to cough up several mouthfuls of blood.

"And you two especially… I won't kill the others, but you might as well die."

Leonel pulled the string of his bow once more, yet it split in two.

Sebastian and Slaton who were on the verge of joining in on the next attack froze a moment. In one instant, they seemed fine. But in the next, their skulls imploded into a bloody rain.

Leonel didn't seem to think much of this at all. He wouldn't bother with the others since there was no use in offending their backers. But he and the Oliidark family were already irreconcilable.