Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

What remained of the battle could only be described as a farce.

Every time the trio built up momentum, they were stopped by a single spear strike. By the third time this happened, they found themselves surrounded by demons and making their way forward only became more and more challenging.

While demons were smart enough to know who the real threat was, they were also a selfish race ruled by their greed. They could see how powerful Leonel was and there was an easier target right here, why not take advantage? Plus, if they could swallow powerful targets like the trio, they would find themselves with greater power to use to then deal with Leonel.

As for those that weren't the trio, many had given up after the death of Sebastian and Slaton. The others that seemed to realize that Leonel didn't dare to kill them all, though, kept trying, only to find themselves even more unceremoniously dealt with than the trio.

Soon, they realized that they were accumulating too many injuries, so much so that they were beginning to fall into the danger of dying not to Leonel, but the demons themselves.

The elders in the clouds above watched in silence as Leonel crossed the 10% mark, something that had practically been inevitable from the very beginning.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"What a good little seedling you have, Miss of the Oliidark family."

The terse voice came from an old man with a large nose. His eyes sparked with lightning from time to time, and he was without a doubt the Head of the Lightning Lance Pavilion, Head Obarin.

By now, everyone knew it was his disciples that had gone inside. But he still couldn't admit that or else he would be forced to pay a steep prize. Still, he could use this method to display his dissatisfaction to the greatest extent possible.

Mistress Oliidark shuddered when she heard this. Things might still be fine if she could rely on Leonel to become a pillar of her family, but not many had realized that the two Leonel had killed were from her very own family. And, even if they had, they wouldn't think much of it. This was because others were well aware that there was competition in the Oliidark to become the son-in-law of the next generation. As such, they would just think that Leonel had acted in order to clear the path for himself in the future and get rid of trouble from the roots.

Due to this, many believed that Leonel was acting under the orders of Mistress Oliidark and was her greatest trump card. Who cared about the loss of two middling talents when you had one that could crush even High Class talents?

"… Thank you for your kind words, Pavilion Head Obarin."

Head Obarin snorted, an action that was quite forceful considering the size of his nostrils, and turned away without another word. There wasn't much else that he could do about this matter even if he was dissatisfied.

This was definitely a great loss for his Pavilion. But there was still a chance at the High Class top prize. They had to get at least one.

A new era was coming, and if they couldn't put a foot in the door, they would regret it for generations to come. This was an opportunity they had to grasp.

Mistress Oliidark secretly clenched her fists. There was only one way out of this. But she had to take it, even if it required burning away generations of their accrued resources. A loss like this wasn't one they could handle.

Sebastian and Slaton were two geniuses that she was greatly satisfied with, but Leonel made them look like trash by the roadside.

"Empabo."

"Yes, ma'am!"

The words exchanged were heard by no one. But when they were finished, Empabo's expression flickered before he slowly and respectfully left the cloud. He wasn't a member of the Adurna family, he could rudely display his strength here as he pleased.

…

Leonel stood on the very top floor once again, his point total having climbed into the millions. However, the good thing about the Top Prize was that he didn't need to spend any of them.

With a single reach forward with his hands, Leonel grabbed onto the Bronze Tablet, his body trembling. For some reason, it felt good in his hands.

Leonel hesitated for a moment but eventually shook his head. He couldn't waste anymore time. The final phase of the other Sectors had likely already started or were close to. If he lagged behind any more, he would lose his chance.

Although Leonel's top priority was gathering the resources he needed to succeed in his plan, if he could also lay his hands on the Silver Tablet, why wouldn't he?

Leonel put the Bronze Tablet away to the astonishment of those watching and his body vanished in a flicker. With a greater speed than he had displayed until now, those stuck in the Middle Class could only watch as he made it to the gates of the Sector and exchanged 100 000 Demon Points for entry into the High Class.

Could he… be planning what they all thought?

Everyone shared the same idea. Usually, the Top Prize would be every one of Leonel's caliber's target. Once you got it, everything else paled in comparison. But the fact Leonel was continuing… Didn't that mean?

The elders and youths sucked in a cold breath while the expression of the Pavilion Head darkened.

…

"The final phase is about to begin, rest up. We will move out soon."

A youth with a dashing head of white hair spoke. His presence alone seemed to give off a radiant Light Force energy that made others want to worship him.

This was the Head Disciple of the Human Class Sacred Light Palace.

That was right. A Human Class power had not sent their fourth to sixth best here. Rather… They had sent the very best they had.

However, at that moment, something that would astonish them all would happen.

"Stophiar! Look at the ranking!"

Stophiar frowned, wondering what all the commotion was about. But the moment he listened, his pupils constricted.

Rank 17 – Leonel Oliidark – 3 028 719 Demon Points

That name had definitely not been there before. Could it be…

"Someone upgraded from the middle class with so many points… He would be ranked 11th with an extra 100 000 Demon Points, just outside the top 10…"

It seemed that another wild card had appeared.

…

Leonel himself was in a state of shock as he looked at the leaderboard, suddenly becoming familiar with the reason why he was only "another" wild card.

Rank 1 – Aina Brazinger – 11 273 729 Demon Points