Leonel frowned. Portals? Was that an ability of theirs? A Lineage Factor, maybe? Or was it something that you could buy in the shops? If it was the last of them, Leonel was in great need. If he could get his hands on one, he would need to wade through all this nonsense and could just get to the center of the city immediately. He already had enough Demon Points to make do regardless.

At that moment, two women stepped out from the portal, each more gorgeous than the last. The first wore a pink diamond bikini armor that made one wonder why she had bothered to make it into armor at all, while the second wore elegant sky blue robes that looked like they were made for a mage. The hems of the blue robes were embroidered in a beautiful blue color and the young woman even held a staff that curved on one end to hold a hovering crystal ball as though to complete the look.

They both looked like they had leapt right out of the pages of a fantasy book and made Leonel finally decide that he had to be in a Mythological Zone now. No way people wore this kind of stuff unironically in broad daylight without their destination being Comicon.

Others saw two beauties that would make their eye sockets fall out, especially with the skin the first was showing. But Leonel saw two poorly dressed beauties that almost made him sputter with laughter.

So many years into the Dimensional Verse and he still hadn't gotten used to this stuff.

Leonel finally couldn't hold it back and sputtered a bit. It threw off his timing as a demon covered in iron scales punched at him, but he still managed to sidestep it, his fit stealthily glowing with Bronze Runes as he punched it right in the gut.

A blast of wind exited the iron scaled demons back and everything paused for just a moment before an enormous hole was blown through its body. Leonel treated a High Class demon with maybe the greatest defenses here as though it was nothing more than a toy plushie.

The eyes of the two women narrowed. They didn't know why Leonel was suddenly laughing, and even if they were ten times more intelligent and put their heads together to theorize, they would still never guess.

A young, hot blooded male, laughing at them for their appearance? It wouldn't even compute. Not to mention the fact that they were very used to getting compliments on their appearance and had grown up in this world unlike Leonel.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

However, when they saw Leonel strike down an iron scaled demon with a single punch, their hearts couldn't help but be stirred. It seemed that they were right to come and look for this Leonel Oliidark. Only by killing him now could they feel at ease.

"Hey, you two, those portals, how do you make them?"

"Sure, handsome. Why don't you come up here and I'll show you?"

The young woman wearing the pink diamond bikini smiled sweetly, although the spear she held in her hand still glistened menacingly with a rose-bronze sheen.

"I have a girlfriend. But I'm willing to do an exchange for your information."

With Aina I the same city, Leonel didn't even dare to flirt for some benefits like he had in the Oliidark's city. Instead, he got straight to the point.

"Girlfriend? How could she be more beautiful than me?"

The young woman bat her eyelashes. She rested the butt of her spear on the ground of the roof, leaning her head to the side and squeezing it between her bosom. With just a small push, even though the armor itself wasn't so flexible, the flesh beneath it bulged and threatened to overflow. It was such a natural action and yet it was endlessly tempting.

And yet, rather than receiving the dazed response she thought she would, Leonel's gaze suddenly turned icy cold.

"Watch what you say."

The young woman was stunned speechless, not even knowing how to respond to that.

At that moment, the "mage" spoke out.

"Silyn, we don't have time for this, the final phase will start soon. Attack."

The moment she spoke, she had already raised her staff into the air. Large amounts of Water Force began to accumulate in the surroundings, quickly forming into half a dozen javelins that sparkled beneath the sunlight.

"You're such a bother, Uvile. Sometimes you have to let a girl play with her food. But you're right, this stinky man is annoying. It's better if he's six feet deep."

Leonel's cold expression only grew colder. These two women were powerful, definitely more powerful than the High Class should be. It was likely that this was yet another cheating organization that wanted a leg up.

Unfortunately for them, not only was he not in the mood to waste time, they had chosen the absolute worst enemy.

…

While Leonel had suddenly been cornered, what he didn't know was that there was a commotion that had gripped the elder's circle that went beyond himself. In fact, Avras, the Adurna family representation, hadn't been reacting much to Leonel himself because he had found something far more shocking.

He stared at the name Aina Brazinger, his eyes narrowed into slits.

He could tell at a glance that just by observing Aina, she was a half-breed. But who had given birth to a half-breed so bold? Not only did she dare to use the name of a Great Family without reservation, she even dared to appear here?

Was she trying to prove herself? She was indeed quite powerful, but compared to the true geniuses of even the Fiend Class, she was lacking, let alone their Chaos Class. This poor child would get a rude awakening.

Even so, Avras couldn't help but chuckle. Everyone knew that the Adurna family was like fire and water with the Brazinger family. Maybe it was because one was blue and the other was red, but they always but heads.

To Avras, such a scandal was top tier entertainment.

When he saw the organization that dared to bring Aina forward and allow her to carry on with such a name, he became even more amused.

Very true indeed. Only that woman would dare to be so bold.

Avras showed a different expression for the second time that day and actually chuckled.