Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Uvile and Silyn shot backward, a hint of blood dripping down the corner of their lips.

Silyn looked at her hand, a pained expression flickering in her gaze as the last bits of ash danced into the wind, her treasure weapon no more.

Uvile wore an ugly expression as she looked toward the cracked crystal ball in her "mage" staff. Thinking about all the resources she poured into it, she couldn't believe what was happening.

From the very beginning, they were suppressed by Leonel not because they were weak, but because he was the perfect counter to them both. Silyn couldn't even manifest her Spear Force around Leonel and her precious spear shattered. As for Uvile, she found the control of her Water Force ripped away from her, stripping her of the ability to finish forming her techniques. When she tried to fight back with her staff, the crystal actually shattered under the strain.

"You… How can you be a Spear Sovereign… This doesn't make any sense…" 

Silyn's chest heaved, her hands trembling. When it finally settled in, she didn't even know what to think. A Spear Sovereign? That was absolutely impossible, not from someone who had to climb up from the Middle Class and into the higher Class like this. It didn't make any sense.

Leonel didn't even look at the two women, instead focusing on his hand where he overturned a bracelet that doubled as a spatial treasure. In the center of the bracelet there was a ring, and this was, of course, yet another spatial treasure.

"You'll never get into our…"

Click.

The sound of two spatial treasures unlocking resounded and a large number of items began to fly out one after another. The two women panicked, but it was already too late. Large numbers of bras, panties, and laced undergarments were placed on display for all to see.

The very few who were still around this region and had been drawn to the sounds of battle looked on wide-eyed, their eyes practically popping out of their sockets.

At that moment, the seemingly calm and level headed Uvile shrieked at the top of her lungs.

"I'll kill you!"

Uvile's crystal ball shattered completely, a large wave of Force forming as her aura rose to another level. She looked like she had lost her mind, her fury and humiliation reaching the ultimate apex.

But as far as Leonel was concerned, hadn't their goal been to kill him? This much was small compared to what they would have done if he was too weak.

Leonel didn't even blink at the killing intent. Finding the item he needed, he crushed it. A portal appeared not even a moment later and he unceremoniously stepped through it, seemingly not needing anyone to teach him how to use it.

He didn't even bother with Uvile and Silyn's other miscellaneous items, even leaving the two spatial devices behind. He already had what he wanted and he had reconfirmed that his knowledge of spatial treasures translated well to this world as well.

"Uvile, calm down!"

Silyn, who saw that Uvile really wanted to go on a rampage, calmed her down quickly.

"We have to return as quickly as possible, the final phase is about to start. Don't waste your energy on this, we were unlucky this time, he perfectly countered us. But we can still compete in killing demons!"

…

In the clouds above, a middle aged woman sat in silence, her hands crossed upon her lap. She was the picture of refined elegance, none could pick out a single flaw in her.

Unfortunately, because of this, she had never found a man worthy as well. If one couldn't be as flawless as herself, then why should she give herself to him? Wouldn't she be taking a loss?

This sort of lofty pride and arrogance exuded out from her very bones. She was none other than the Pavilion Head of the Endless Twilight Pavilion, a woman who was a legend and maybe the only person here who didn't give Avras much face outside of a light nod.

Of course, this was because her Pavilion wasn't just any Pavilion… It was a Fiend Class Pavilion!

When she saw Silyn and Uvile lose in such resounding fashion, she didn't seem to have much of a reaction. However, when her elegant, swan-like neck turned toward another screen to see a young woman in silent meditation, her expressionless features couldn't help but curl into a smile.

'Untalented? You fools are just unable to bring out my precious little girl's full potential.'

[Author's note: To be clear, this is not Aina's mother]

…

When Leonel appeared, he found himself at the center of the city and nodded happily. But the first sound of discussion made him raise an eyebrow.

"Didn't you hear? They're from the Endless Twilight Pavilion, there's not even a point. Even if they're the weaker members of the Pavilion, there's still the Sacred Light Pavilion to worry about. It's better that we just kill demons and not participate in this. It's over our paygrade."

"If you're scared, just say so."

"Scared? Haven't you heard the rules of that Pavilion? No men! Their students aren't even allowed to have relationships! What do you think will happen to you if you approach one while their Pavilion Head is watching from above?!"

Leonel ignored the rest of the conversation, it didn't have anything to do with him. He didn't even know what the names Sacred Light and Endless Twilight even meant. Though from the context clues, it seemed that Endless Twilight was stronger than Sacred Light.

Leonel entered the first building and a wide smile spread across his face the moment he did.

There she was, in silent meditation, looking as gorgeous as ever.

She wore an elven style light full body armor that covered her all the way down the length of her arms and legs. It was a bright white, alternating in plate armor and tough leathers that gave it an elegance that only accentuated everything about her.

Leonel's legs carried himself forward on their own. Even though he was walking, his pace was impossibly swift.

However, when others saw what he was doing, they were speechless.

Was he trying to die?

Before anyone could even say anything, though, Leonel had already appeared before her, a warm smile on his face as he looked down at her sitting posture.

Without even opening her eyes, Aina thrust a palm out. It was so fast and swift that the beginning of the motion alone sounded like a clap of thunder.

But to her surprise… her wrist was caught.

Aina's eyes snapped open, ready to reach for her ax, but when her gaze focused, her eyes trembled.

Whether it was the youths around, Uvile and Silyn who had just managed to teleport back, or the Pavilion Head Ophelia who was watching from above, all of them froze at once.

Without the slightest hesitation, Aina jumped up and placed her palms on either side of Leonel's face, smothering him with a kiss she didn't allow him to run away from.

All time seemed to come to a grinding halt, a single tear falling out of the corner of Aina's eye. Words could not express how much she missed him.  Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m