Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"Oh, right," Aina, who had felt a faint excitement, controlled herself, remembering that Leonel couldn't see the same things she saw. In fact, due to the fact that two people were standing here currently, the projection to the elders above wasn't clear either.

Leonel had no idea how this simple coincidence had saved him an endless pile of trouble. If the others realized that this light phase Silver Tablet appeared for him, the conclusion would be obvious: he already had the bronze portion. But that should be absolutely impossible.

Such a thing would expose Leonel in more ways than one, and would make an already bad situation absolutely irredeemable.

"It's a technique Golden Tablet, and it's related to Blood Sovereignty."

Leonel's brows shot up when he heard Gold. He had assumed that the tablet that appeared was capped by the Sector it appeared in, but this didn't seem to be the case. So long as you met the requirements, you would receive it.

But, obviously, those in lower Class Sectors often wouldn't have the talent to earn a higher level one. Leonel assumed that if he had appeared in this Sector first, the first tablet he saw would still be Bronze.

Leonel listened patiently as Aina explained.

According to her, the tablet was filled with blood manipulation techniques, among other things.

Usually, Aina's use of her Blood Force was quite crude. She didn't have other methods of using it outside of cutting people open, sucking it out, then using it as either blades or energy. Even the Void Palace didn't seem to have much that could help her, Blood Force was simply far too rare and most couldn't use it to the level Aina could.

In fact, most of the techniques only taught methods to do what Aina already did but with much weaker efficiency.

This tablet took things to a whole other level. Not to mention teaching her methods to maximize what she could already do, it even taught things like manipulating living creatures, extracting bloodlines personally, and even had methods of healing people back from the brink of death to full health in a single bound.

After hearing all of these things, Leonel had only reaffirmed his decision. When he learned that it was a Gold Tablet, he already knew that he would fight for Aina to have it. But since it had so many tangible benefits, he was even more certain in his choice.

Suddenly he looked up. "It seems the final phase is about to start. Okay, let's get you this tablet."

Aina smiled brightly. The reason she wanted the tablet the most was because of the healing methods within. If she could share her healing factor with Leonel, she would have far less to worry about when it came to his safety.

But at that moment, she suddenly remembered that Leonel saw something differently from her.

"Is what you saw more important? I can give it up if—?"

"No, it isn't a big deal, definitely not worth as much as yours, anyway."

Leonel pulled Aina along and they rushed out, only to find that Silyn and Uvile were both waiting anxiously as everything else had already rushed out.

"Oh right, I have to do something real quick."

Just before they could say anything, Leonel vanished. But this only made them relax further.

"Aina, this isn't good. Pavilion Head won't be happy!" Uvile tried to advise.

Aina frowned. "So what?"

The two were stunned silent. It was a good thing the monitors had long since turned to focus on the battle royale outside, or else maybe even Avras wouldn't have been able to hold the elegant Pavilion Head back anymore.

Uvile and Silyn looked toward one another, realizing that it was definitely a lost cause. There wouldn't be anything they could say to change this. The only chance they had to appease Ophelia's anger was to bring the tablet back.

"We have to hurry," Silyn pressured. "We will support you and siphon all the kills to you as well. We've already received orders from Pavilion Hea—."

Aina shook her head. "It's fine, me and Leonel will be enough."

The two women were once again speechless.

Leonel might be powerful, but he was still only one person. In addition, he had been the perfect counter to them only when they were conserving their energy for the main event. If they went all out now, they were still certain that they could win.

However, Aina completely disregarded two known commodities in a pair of disciples of a Fiend Class power all for the sake of her boyfriend.

"Aina, listen. Leonel might be a Spear Sovereign, but for whatever reason, his Spear Force isn't as strong as ones should be. He's still lacking. Why don't you at least rely on all three of us?" Silyn tried to compromise.

Aina's neutral impression suddenly became angry.Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"Lacking? There is absolutely nothing lacking about him."

Aina's tone made their hearts quake. They suddenly felt their blood rolling out of their control and fear gripped their throats. They didn't understand how such benign words could piss Aina off to this extent.

At that moment, a gust of wind flashed and Leonel appeared. In his hand, there was a three meter tall bow that wafted a dense black fog. The fog was so thick that it made it look as though the bow itself didn't have a tangible form at all.

"Ready?"

Aina's anger suddenly vanished with the wind.

"Ready."

With that, the two shot outside.

Uvile and Silyn looked toward one another, helpless expressions on their faces. Their teachers had warned them that even powerful women could become stupid when in love, but they didn't think that included women as powerful as Aina too.

…

Leonel and Aina didn't have a mind to care for the opinions of others. Though they shot outside together, they separated in the blink of an eye.

Leonel's speed was so fast that he ran up the side of a building without the slightest effort. At the same time, Aina dove headlong into a swarm of demons.

Even as Aina's ax appeared in her hands for the first time and she raised it high about her head, Leonel had already pulled his bowstring tight, his eyes becoming lit with a deathly focus.

Then, he began to fire. His hands were like a blur, and yet his bow was absolutely steady, only shifting slightly from side to side, resulting in minor changes that catalyzed huge ones.

As Aina's ax descended, the whipping wind of dozens of arrows shot by her with barely a centimeter of separation from her flesh.

The timing was so perfect that when Aina's ax connected, the demons were already half dead.

Leonel's control was immaculate, leaving every single kill to Aina herself.

Those watching had never seen the killing of High Class demons made so easy. Even the best geniuses in this Sector took three to four attacks, but Aina's ax under the lead of Leonel's bow became like a reaper's scythe, reaping the lives of dozens with a single swing.

A hushed silence fell.

This display spoke for itself, there was simply nothing left to say. 

This was something beyond perfect coordination. It was also perfect trust. 