Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Ophelia rose to her feet violently. Although her expression still didn't have a single change, the same couldn't be said for the aura around her. In fact, it seemed as though the entire cloud construct they stood upon might collapse at any moment.

Avras was caught between shock, awe and helplessness. This boy's mouth was truly something, but who could have possibly guessed that Leonel's greatest talent wouldn't be his spear, his bow, or even his True State Star Force… But rather his Force Crafting!

None of them could understand how such a talent had appeared out of nowhere. It simply didn't make sense for him to not at least be part of a Human Class power. Where the hell had he come from?!

Ophelia turned to leave, her steps slow and deliberate.

Avras' expression changed and he quickly vanished to block Ophelia's path. With his stature, he was naturally far taller and larger than the delicately framed Pavilion Head, however none of that seemed to matter at all as he continued to try to be as respectful as possible.

"Pavilion Head, please show some patience. I really cannot allow you to interfere. The child has a foul mouth that spews nothing but lies, how could the gorgeous Ophelia's prime not be endless? However, while he has a foul mouth, he hasn't broken any rules. How can the Great Families continue to hold our heads high if we cannot protect the youths who are deserving of it?

"Please show some restraint."

Avras' words were as subservient as he could allow himself to be while still drawing a fierce line. He truly couldn't allow Ophelia to go and do as she pleased, or else the event would truly be worried.

Ophelia seemed to look right through Avras for a moment before she finally met his gaze.

Avras shuddered but still remained as strong as he could. No one dared to talk about the history of Ophelia, but he knew it quite well. This woman really did dare to do anything. The fact she was looking at him like this right now likely meant that she would back down, but that didn't mean that she would forget.

…

Lovira's two companions rushed forward to pick her up, Leonel's glance making them shudder. Truthfully, he had only waited so that he could kill all three of them at once. Clearly, they believed that such an attack could only be launched by him once, or at least with poor frequency. But, they were very much wrong.

However, before Leonel could command his draconic construct to attack again, Aina grabbed his arm.Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"It's not worth it. Pavilion Head Ophelia is too powerful, I can't see her limits."

Leonel's gaze narrowed. Hearing this, he realized that he might have to change his plans. It might be best to never step foot outside of this city at all, but would that be possible?

Leonel calculated some things. Truthfully, he really did need two more weeks, only with those two more weeks would he be able to accomplish what he had previously failed to… Unless?

It was possible that he might find something to speed the process up in the Fiend Class Sector. It seemed that everything would come down to this.

"Alright, let's finish up here quickly."

Leonel wrapped an arm around Aina's waist and took a strong step. A small tornado of wind was left in his wake as he leapt to the top of the horned dragon formed of stone in a single bound. In one moment, he was on the ground, and in the next, he towered over even some of the sky rises.

Leonel sent a glance toward Tybth and the others of the Star Force Pavilion, but they seemed to have begun to show quite a bit of restraint now.

The head of the horned dragon swiveled just a small measure, but the three immediately explosively retreated, their gazes narrowed. That attack just now was way too powerful, so much so that it bordered on the explosive power of a Seventh Dimensional Fire Force.

They had no idea how Leonel had done it, but what they were certain of was that they wanted no part of it. Without the help of Seventh Dimensional materials and maybe even years of rest, there was no way Lovira would be able to display her usual strength.

Leonel took control of the horned dragon, urging it forward toward the emerging line of Human Class Demons.

They truly lived up to their name, all of them walking on two legs and being humanoid in form. But, however, this was where their similarities ended.

It was rare for any of them to have normal flesh colored skin. Many were covered in scales, some had skin ranging from green to violet, some had bones that grew right out of their skin, and some others seemed to have fused their bodies with armors.

No matter which it was, though, all of them exuded towering auras, just the strength of their normal steps causing the ground to whine and crack. However, Leonel simply stood tall, looking down upon them with the same unmoved expression.

If he had to face them with his bow and spear, it would indeed be a tall task. However, he suddenly felt very confident that he could wipe them all out with minimal effort on his part. Who asked this city to be so rich in Seventh Dimensional materials? They were practically begging him to make it his playground.

The horned dragon opened its mouth, a large accumulation of Fire Force quickly formed.

It released a mighty roar just as the expressions of the demons changed. But it was already too late. After all this preparation, they had charged forward with the confidence to wipe out these human youths who treated them like hunting targets.

They were completely enveloped by the flames, cries of terror and pain rang out, sounds that one would have never thought a demon could possibly make.

Leonel, though, made them seem like nothing more than sheep to the slaughter. 