Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Aina watched with raised brows. Even she hadn't expected something like this. It had been a very long time since Leonel Crafted anything. Usually for most, their skills would be dull. But it was as though the time off had only made Leonel more powerful in this aspect.Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Truthfully, Leonel had already had an enormous breakthrough that day he forged armor out of Cursed Beast skins back during the Void Palace True Selection. However, without his quill, and because he lost Little Tolly soon after, he had never had the time to consolidate that breakthrough.

Someone else might have allowed that feeling to fade, but for Leonel who had an entire Dream World in his mind, he didn't have to physically practice to improve. In fact, the months of pondering and patience actually allowed him to accumulate more experiences and build atop of that breakthrough he had made.

This horned dragon, formed of stone, was an accumulation of all of that, coming together to form a power far beyond Leonel's own and superseding the limits of the younger generation's existence in this place.

The form of the dragon came from the Luxnix family Force Art, its foundation came from the Dwarven Race's protective Force Art formation, its ability to accumulate and expel powerful flames came from [Dimensional Cleanse] and very specific Runes of his Scarlet Star Force Stars, and finally, the Force Art that catalyzed its change in form from a building into a creature was that Morales family's Force Art!

Leonel's accumulation of knowledge came together and his use of Force Arts evolved from strict and stringent copying, to something that contained its own life and vitality. He no longer felt restrained by singular Force Art languages and could seamlessly switch between them all, even fusing them into one to form a new language that even the likes of Avras wasn't able to recognize.

When he was drawing this Force Art, it felt to him as though his quill had come to life. It became less unruly and it almost fused into his arm as though it couldn't get close enough to him. Leonel could even faintly feel it trying to break free of its Gold Grade shackles to truly become a Life Grade treasure.

It could never have expected that the puny Sixth Dimensional existence that had claimed it could possibly give it such a surprise.

'It's still copying, though…' Leonel thought to himself lightly.

Without the foundation of the Dwarven Race's protective formation, Leonel knew that he wouldn't have been able to succeed.

While it all sounded impressive, the truth was that Leonel's actual input was minimal. All he really did was give the formation a new form. It was almost like he had stitched together pieces and limbs from different corpses and called it life.

One only need to look at the materials to understand. He had used so many Seventh Dimensional materials, an entire building's worth, and yet the strength output was still Sixth Dimensional.

Of course, a part of the problem was the fact that these Seventh Dimensional materials weren't perfectly curated toward this sort of result. After all, they were just designed for use as the parts of a building.

However, Leonel still wasn't satisfied even as his points jumped up by millions with every attack.

His head suddenly turned in a certain direction and the paw of the horned dragon rose up, slapping the javelin out of the air.

BANG!

A huge shock wave wiped out another troop of demons.

"Kill," Leonel said lightly.

The horned dragon pursed its lip and spit outward.

A bullet of fire squeezed into a thin line rocketed through the air, collapsing the sound barrier and superheating the air.

It tore through the core of a building without a single sound, leaving a hole so small it was almost impossible to see. But then..

BOOM!

The beam collided with the ground, a dome of fire imploding and rising into the air.

The horned dragon raised its head, ignoring all the attack that collided with its neck, the ringing sound of metal rebounding off of metal dancing through the air.

The dragon sunk down into the ground as the fire ball above it suddenly doubled in size. And then it sunk down once again as the fire ball doubled in size once more.

The mass of the fire ball grew so large and so dense that it seemed to have formed a warped gravitational pull of its own, complex Runes beginning to form at the mouth of the horned dragon.

The Human Class demons no longer hesitated, turning tail to run. They seemed to realize at that moment that the worst thing they could have done was gather up in such a large group. It was as though they had all prepared themselves on a platter for Leonel, begging him to kill them.

Unfortunately, it was too late.

…

The city stood razed to the ground… Or maybe it was more accurate to say that it was flattened. It seemed as though only one building had survived at all and Leonel's points stood out at over 300 billion. Such an exaggerated total was one the other youths of the Human Class Sector could only look at in silence.

How had they been this unlucky?

What they didn't know was that they weren't the only ones to suffer. In fact, they probably wouldn't be the last either. Leonel had already gone through the Middle Class, the High Class and now the Human Class.

There was still one more waiting for him.

But first he wanted to see if he could find what he was looking for. Originally, he had ignored all the technique shops because he knew they wouldn't have what he needed. Now that he had so many points, though, it would be a shame if he didn't at least check.

There was no telling what kind of variables might be waiting in the Fiend Class Sector.

Very soon, Leonel was happy he did.

'It really is here…'

He flipped the book in his hands.

[Dream Force Mantra]. 