Leonel took another breath and his body calmed entirely. His vitality and recovery ability with Vital Star Force was on a completely different level. However, his frown had hardly weakened.

The jump up to Human Class was already quite deep. The only reason it had felt easy was because he had been able to rely on a near Seventh Dimensional construct. But the jump to Fiend Class was even steeper.

This was the first time he was meeting someone, or rather, something that was at the exact same level as him and yet if not for his tag team with Aina, who knew what kind of state he would have been in if he had been fighting alone.

Just when, he probably used at least 50 to 60% of what he was capable of. In reality, the only trump cards he hadn't used were his Ability Index and his Scarlet Star Force. Although he had other things he hadn't brought out, he felt like only those two would have made an exceptional difference. And even then, he still had to use his Ability Index a bit in the end. 

'This isn't going to work, not like this.'

There was definitely a location around here somewhere where Leonel and Aina would be able to trade in their points for items. However, they would have to travel through this world to find it first, and that would mean placing themselves in a great amount of danger.

However, it had to be done, there was already no going back.

Leonel closed his eyes and took another breath, his mind calming.

"Can you refine it?" Leonel opened his eyes and turned to Aina.

"It shouldn't be an issue. Though, I haven't done it before…"

Aina hadn't spent her time reading books like Leonel had. For one, it was more difficult for her to pick up the language in the first place, so she had spent most of her time as a maid as a mute. Only after she grasped the language did she begin to talk again.

But she still hadn't quite learned how to read. She was only able to understand what the Tablets had in store for her thanks to a subtle sort of feeling they had given her.

So, it was safe to say that Leonel actually knew a lot more about this world than she did. In fact, she was quite shocked by Leonel's ability to Manifest Stars like the people of this Sub-Dimensional Zone. But it hadn't been an appropriate time to ask.

Over a year ago, she had entered the Silver Empire's Sub-Dimensional Zone, and that event had taught her that the people of a Zone could be greatly hostile when they found out that you weren't of their kind.

It made sense with the likes of the Silver Empire since they had purposely distorted their Zones to protect their secrets, and since it was hard to tell exactly what kind of Zone they were in right now, it was best to keep that sort of stuff under wraps.

So although she had felt surprise, she didn't show it outwardly and she refrained from talking to Leonel too much about these things just in case power individuals were listening in and could grasp their own language just as quickly as Leonel had grasped theirs.

Leonel deduced much of this, so he wasn't too confused by Aina's actions. Instead, he just explained.

"Demons are a danger in this world, but they're also a great resource as well. You remember how Beast Crystals can be used to evolve your Ability Index if you're compatible with it?"

Aina nodded.

This had once been a very big deal on Earth, but she and Leonel never really got to participate. This was because their abilities were either too rare or too powerful to gain much help from absorbing Beast Crystals. However, in the infancy of the Metamorphosis, many of Earth fought over such things. In fact, they were likely still fighting over it.

Leonel and Aina simply hadn't found beasts useful enough to them.Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Earth was the only place they had been to with talented enough beasts to catch their eye, but then the problem became the rarity of their abilities. And now, they had very quickly outgrown Earth and its beasts, so they were of little help to them.

That said, Leonel had helped his brothers to absorb a few Beast Crystals of their own after the war against the oceanic creatures. For example, Gil. Gil was originally a Lightning affinity Speedster. However, Leonel helped him absorb that odd crimson lightning Beast Crystal, and with the help of the Silver Tablet, he maximized the evolution.

Now, Gil was not only a Speedster, but he also had far stronger offensive outputs than he did in the past.

"Demons can be of great help with this as well, but they're even more all encompassing. They can help to improve Ability Indexes, Lineage Factors and can even be used to just solidify your foundations and strengthen your constitution.

"According to what I read, because they're born and raised in this Anarchic Force, their flesh has been tempered by the rule breaking abilities of Anarchic Force and they can bypass some of the restrictions of the Regulator.

"Humans can gain some of these benefits by refining demons, and depending on the mode of refinement, you can benefit in different ways.

"However, taking this path is also highly dangerous unless you can guarantee the expulsion of the Anarchic Force. Usually, Demon Force Pills will always have a small amount of Anarchic Force with them that act as a toxin. If you consume too many in a short period of time, it can lead to backlash.

"In some cases you will enter a period of sickness, in some other cases you'll end up partially or permanently crippled, and in the worst cases you can die or become demonized. In fact, the reason the Human Class is called the Human Class is precisely because of this. Many of them are or are descendants of demonized humans…"