Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Aina exhaled a breath and two Force Pills landed in her palms. Just looking from a distance, Leonel could see her veins pulsing and her muscles straining. It made him wonder just how heavy those Force Pills had to be to make the likes of Aina struggle to hold them up.

She turned, handing one over to Leonel who immediately got his wish.

His feet sunk into the ground and his back threatened to curl over. He was instantly forced to flex every muscle of his body, and only then was he able to hold it up.

Leonel's expression flickered, a somewhat incredulous look in his eye. He hadn't quite felt just how heavy the Fiend Class demon had been when he was fighting it, but now that he thought about it, for it to have withstood the first attack like that and force him to pour so much more into it, it could only mean that it had quite some heft to it in addition to its strength.

Leonel was quite used to having a heavy body. Although the Morales family Lineage Factor was the best defensive Lineage Factor the Human Domain had to offer precisely because it mitigated many of the drawbacks defensive Lineage Factors usually had, it still wasn't' absolutely perfect.

However, because Leonel had the Starry Tailed Fox Lineage Factor, he could rely on its Speed Branch to completely eliminate those effects while also benefiting from a powerful body.

Still, this Fiend Class demon put him to shame. The difference was so large that it was hard to fathom.Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"We should probably only refine these one at a time. You go first, I'll stand guard," Leonel said.

Aina nodded. "It won't take me a long time, just a few seconds. Since the foundation is built on Blood Force, It's not difficult for me to assimilate at all."

After she said this, Aina's strength surged as she pushed the pill into her mouth without even the slightest bit of preparation.

BANG!

The ground beneath her feet warped, the heavy sound of the pill colliding with her stomach causing both her and Leonel to wince. Just the act of eating this pill was actually so dangerous, to try and accommodate such weight with your fragile inner organs took a level of unfathomable strength. One couldn't even think about eating such a pill unless you already had a certain amount of strength.

Luckily, Aina was able to slow the descent of the pill by controlling it as she would Blood Force.

Aina's appetite was probably even larger than Leonel's own. With how much control she had over her body, even speeding up her digestion wasn't the slightest issue.

In the blink of an eye, the pill was already half its original size and the bloody path of Aina's veins began to project onto her skin. Her face, hands, neck, and every other portion of her body that Leonel could see with his eyes were covered in these pulsing veins.

However, unlike how it had been when Aina's curse was still active, these veins were actually carrying a large amount of vitality all throughout her body.

Because Aina was within the range of Leonel's Starry Spirit Domain currently, he had a perfect read on absolutely everything going on inside of her right now. It could be said that she was, for all intents and purposes, completely naked in Leonel's eyes right now. He could see everything.

Although the two hadn't been intimate in that way for years now, a small barrier still separating them, Aina didn't seem to mind in the slightest. Her guard against Leonel was the lowest it could possibly be. If not for Leonel's own thoughts, these matters wouldn't even be necessary to consider.

That said, Leonel's mind wasn't on such things right now. He was paying keen attention to what was happening inside of Aina's body so that he could understand how best to absorb his own Force Pill as well. After all, he didn't have Aina's instincts in this regard.

​ At the same time, he wanted to get a tangible feel for exactly what changes were occurring.

Aina's veins were pulsing and the rampant vitality was quickly shredding and reforming every piece of her body that it could get its hands on.

Her muscles became more prominent, but they were just as quickly tightly reined in and tenderized. While their density increased, their size seemed to remain just the same.

At the same time, large amounts of energy were quickly running out of places to go so they attacked Aina's fat stores. Her breasts and her bottom exploded in size first, and then came her thighs and her belly, before finally her face as well.

But just like her muscles before them, Aina just as quickly reined in this wild energy, forcing it out and compressing it.

Her organs began to glow with a lustrous light and her body shrank back down to its original size. However, the glistening light of her skin told a completely different tale.

Aina's body underwent this very same cycle again and again, dozens of times in less than half a minute. It was as though she was a bodybuilder undergoing a continuous bulking and cutting phase, but Leonel could tell that what was actually happening was far more profound.

In the final phase, even Aina's teeth and nails fell out, only to grow back brighter and more beautiful.

And then, her eyes snapped open.

She exhaled a dark, foggy breath, the ground beneath her feet having long since spread out into countless spiderweb-like cracks.

She looked toward Leonel and smiled, a strong confidence pumping through her.

Leonel smiled back. "I guess it's my turn."

Leonel didn't dare to do things like Aina had so he first sat down and took a deep breath. Then, he activated his Bronze Runes and even fused it with his Vital Star Force.

Only after he was finished did his determination steel.

With a single gulp, he swallowed the pill down.

BOOM!