Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel and Aina moved with great speed. They had been unlucky to meet a Fiend Class demon so early on to begin with, but with Leonel's Internal Sight and Starry Spirit Domain, if they didn't want to meet one, they didn't have to.

By now, Leonel's Starry Spirit Domain no longer stretched just a mere six inches from himself. After his breakthrough into the Sixth Dimension, it had increased to over a hundred meters. However, after his Dream Force reached the pinnacle of the Seventh Dimension, it went from a hundred meters to over 10 kilometers.

This wasn't just because of Leonel's improvement. It was related to [Dimensional Cleanse], the assimilation of his strengths into one, and especially related to the Star Runes of his red-gold Stars. Because of his Destruction Runes, Leonel's innate comprehension of Light Force was on a completely different level than it had once been, resulting in his grasp of his Starry Tailed Fox's Lineage Factor to likewise increase by leaps and bounds.

The improvement to his Dream Force was like a cherry on an already tall sundae. The foundation of Leonel's Ability Index and his mind was his Dream Force. With it having improved so much, the effective influence of his consciousness was almost impossible to calculate for most.

As a result, Leonel could not expand the effects of his Dream World to within 10 kilometers of himself. This meant that anything within this range of him could be perfectly and immediately analyzed, not to mention Dream Sculpted.

And this was just the range without him revealing his three tails. If he did so, the effective range was even wider than just this much.

However, 10 kilometers was already more than enough for Leonel. To grasp so much of the world at once was almost too overwhelming, even for him. It was as though the bounds of his mind had increased from just his own skull to such a large radius. Nothing could hide from him.

Likewise, none of the demons could hide either.

After the first encounter, Leonel took the next completely seriously, remaining very cautious.

As expected, demons like the one they had met were actually quite rare. Following a pure strength path and not deviating toward any others wasn't the usual, at least not for these high level Fiend Class demons. Usually, this was something only lower class demons would do as their talent was limited.

Fiend Class demons, however, could follow paths even more complex than humans!

Wise Star Order had once said that the reason that the human race was so weak was because they followed too many paths. But ironically enough, the demons did the same and it didn't seem to hinder their strengths in the slightest.

In addition, unlike with lower class demons, Leonel couldn't seem to find two Fiend Class demons that were exactly the same.

While Leonel's Starry Spirit Domain only stretched out for 10 kilometers, his Internal Sight covered thousands with ease. With this he could see quite a number of Fiend Class demons, easily tens of thousands of them. This was more than enough for him to conclude this.

Some of these Fiend Class demons actually sensed him and tried to use his Internal Sight to track his location, but with his current capabilities, Leonel wasn't too worried.

Within the range of his Starry Spirit Domain, he could use concepts he had learned from Earth to scramble and bounce his "signal". As a result, the demons had no idea where within what was effectively a 20 kilometer diameter Leonel actually was.

Truth be told, 20 kilometers was quite a small distance for such creatures to cover. It was short even for Leonel and Aina, let alone these high class demons. However, by the time they began checking where all these signals came from, Leonel and Aina would have long since moved on.

In addition, after knowing that he had been sensed, Leonel obviously wouldn't continue to give them opportunities to sense him.

He might not be able to project anything real into the world, but creating a fake Dream Clone to act as the core of his Internal Sight was almost too easy.

Due to this, what should have been an incomparably dangerous region became a leisurely stroll for Leonel and Aina.

When they met a target they could defeat, they immediately went all out and killed it.

If it was compatible with them, they would refine it. If not, they would store it away.

In just a few hours, Leonel and Aina had killed dozens of lower Fiend Class demons. However, between the two of them, they had only absorbed three, including the very first one they had come across.

Unfortunately, these three weren't as good as the first one either. Aina had to purge much of their Runes to leave behind only the strength related ones as their path was actually mixed.

The truth was that most demons had strength as a base of their path. However, it was usually so "tainted" by other things that refining them wasn't worth it. It was much better to simply store these demons away for those who had greater compatibility with them to absorb.

For example, among the dozens of demons that Leonel had stored away, there was a lightning Fiend Class demon that would be perfect for Gil and a blade demon that would be perfect for Joel. There was even an earth Fiend Class demon that Leonel could have taken for himself, but he chose to save it for Raj instead.

Leonel and Aina didn't go out of their way to collect more than one demon for their friends. The both of them were already at the very edge of what was possible for a Void Palace talent, and yet just one of these pills had bettered their foundation by more than 10%. If their friends swallowed just one, the effects would be even more exaggerated and more than enough to bring them to a whole new level.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

As for the ones that Leonel and Aina absorbed, they aimed for demons who had at least 50% of their path built on purely strength. According to Aina, these were the best for solidifying their foundation and growing stronger.

By the third day, Leonel and Aina had finally managed to find another Fiend Class demon as good as the first one, but this was a middle Fiend Class demon. And, to make matters worse, it was in Tier 3, not Tier 1.

Leonel looked toward Aina. Their minds were connected so she already knew exactly what he was seeing.

If they put their lives on the line, they just might be able to eek out a victory. By now, Leonel's foundation had improved by as much as 40% and his Bronze Runes were as thick as thumbs now. They even seemed to faintly show signs of overlapping.

As for Aina, her improvements were likewise great.

In addition to this, if they swallowed a middle Fiend Class demon, especially one so perfect for one's foundation, their increase in strength should be at least 50% even if they split it between them.

The question was… Do they take the risk or not? 