Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel and Aina shot forward in unison, weaving in and out of each other with a focused look in their eyes. They hadn't even exchanged a single word before they moved, a tacit understanding resonating between the both of them.

Leonel's eyes flashed, three illusory fox tails as long as hundreds of meters appearing to his back even as his hair grew out wildly.

In one moment, there was nothing but clear and uninterrupted skies. But in the next instant, Leonel's Starry Spirit Domain was blanketed in a dense fog.

10 kilometers in every direction, including into the sky, there appeared a fog so dense that it became impossible even to see your hand before your face. However, there was something odd about this fog. It carried with it none of the heaviness or moisture true fog should have. In fact, even when one swiped a hand at it, there was no movement at all.

It was immediately clear that this was nothing more than a projected image. Leonel might not be able to create reality through his Dream Force. But within his Dream World, he could make any image he wanted appear.

With this fog here, one could forget about seeing with their eyes.

However, by the same token, because Leonel couldn't affect true change in the real world, he had no ability to obstruct Internal Sight through his Dream World. And, through his interaction with these demons, he realized that unlike the Rapax, their Internal Sights were just as strong if not stronger than most humans he had come across.

That said, how could Leonel not be ready for this possibility?

His Starry Star Domain appeared next, covering the same region and area.

What the Starry Tailed Fox was strongest in wasn't its speed or even its mind. Rather, it was strongest in control.

The instant Leonel's Starry Star Domain appeared, countless twinkling stars appeared in the surroundings, each of them rotating with a beautiful silvery-gold light.

While the Snowy Star Owl's foundation was built upon Snow Force, a pure Light and Star Force, the Starry Tailed Fox built its own upon Ethereal Star Force, a Light and Star Force which also contained a strong and hidden Spatial Force affinity.

The moment these twinkling stars appeared in the surroundings, a forcefield of volatile space manifested. If not for the fact it was his domain to control, Leonel's Internal Sight would find itself being bounced around like a pinball.

Distances that should have been right next to each other would feel as though they were several kilometers apart, while locations that should have been kilometers apart would feel as though they were right next to one another.

It was as though someone had taken space, fragmented it into pieces, and then shuffled them about like a misfitted jigsaw puzzle.

The instant Leonel finished deploying this much, his final domain, the Starry Light Domain also appeared and he vanished from Aina's side.

He appeared high in the skies, a star beneath his feet and his foggy black bow having already been drawn into a full moon position.

He already knew. Every second Aina spent in close combat against that demon was another moment she might die. His mind was filled with just a single thought, a single unrelenting mantra.

Kill. Kill. Kill.

Leonel's arrows released like a roaring dragon, a savage light glowing in his eyes. Destruction Runes danced in his eyes, the very air itself collapsing around him. He had never been so singularly focused in his life.

By the time Aina appeared before the creature, Leonel's arrows had already drowned it as though the skies had been blotted out by falling meteors.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Claps of thunder rang out, a volatile clash erupting.

Regardless of what happened or what commotion was raised, Leonel always had an absolutely perfect picture of the middle Fiend Class demon in his mind. A creature that was easily six meters tall and looked like a large ape wreathed in black flames instead of black fur.

It looked around in confusion when its sight was cut off and even more confusion when it realized that its Internal Sight was also rendered entirely useless. In fact, trying to use its Internal Sight made it dizzy, its mind becoming disoriented for a moment.

Right then, Leonel's arrows collided with it, the pummeling strength forcing its knees to almost bend to the ground.

The earth beneath its feet shattered. Caught off guard, its body almost fell entirely forward.

However, Leonel, from his place high above, could tell that, let alone injured, his arrows hadn't even broken the skin of this demon ape, they had only made it stumble.

In that instant, Aina appeared, a rose of blood around her. She launched attacks from all sides, unleashing everything she had.

Her Ax Force bloomed, bathed blood, she had forward with all her might.

Her battle ax glowed, its polearm bending beneath the pressure and aiming for the chin of the stumbling demon ape.

BANG!

The demon ape's head shot backward like a slingshot, and yet its body was so heavy that it only took a single step back.

It moved its jaw from side to side, seemingly still a bit shocked that it was being attacked. One would have thought that Aina had attacked it with a blunt baseball bat instead of the sharp blade she truly had used. It didn't even seem like its mouth was bleeding.

The demon ape stabilized itself, a growl escaping its lips.

The force of the growl alone made Aina stumble backward, her heart shuddering.

In that moment, Leonel completely abandoned his bow. It simply wasn't strong enough to make use of his new strength.

His body exploded forth and something happened that would have shocked the elders silent if they could actually see through the fog…

10 Stars bloomed to Leonel's back, his Divine Armor forming about his body as his halo bounced to his feet and then back up.

He roared, descending from the skies with an unbridled ferocity, his Scarlet Star Force Stars rotating with a wild speed.

And then, a radiant spear appeared in his palm. 