Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The entirety of Leonel's Dream World reacted to his rage. It was as though an apocalypse had descended, every living being within the range of his Starry Spirit Domain feeling a fear that reached down to the depths of their hearts.

Leonel's King's Might spirit appeared before his forehead, hovering in front of the crown shaped Bronze Runes that had been forever etched onto him.

His spear blazed with life and rage, the violet spirit before his forehead basking in Destruction Runes that caused the space around it to tremble.

For the very first time, Leonel unleashed the full force of his Scarlet Star Force. It was an unreserved, crimson tide that bathed the world in fire and brimstone. It seemed as though everything that stood in its path would perish, even if that thing was the spear it used as a medium or Leonel himself.

However, this time, Leonel wasn't the same weak boy he had been for so many years. He might not have grasped all of the Runes he needed to, but he had already fully grasped the Fifth Dimension and was making headway through the Sixth. In addition, Vital Star Force was pumping throughout his veins while the presence of Void Star Force tempered the backlash.

In that moment, Leonel didn't care about anything other than the quickly closing wound on the back of the demon ape's head. And not for a single instant did he think of failure.

Die.

BANG!

Leonel's spear shot through the back of the demon ape's skull, ripping right through its brain and exiting out of its face.

The ground beneath him suffered a pillar of rising flames. Like a meteor falling from on high, even the sturdy earth of this world was warped and crushed.

The demon ape's body convulsed. In its final moments, maybe even up until the final seconds, it couldn't believe that it had died at the hands of two such weak creatures. The battle had only lasted for barely a few seconds, and it didn't even get to make a proper exchange, but it could already feel that its brain had turned to mush.

​ Its hand, which reached up at an awkward angle to try and slap Leonel away again, lost much of its momentum. Though it still managed to hit Leonel and even fracture more of his bones, it had simply lost too much strength to levy as much damage as it had the first time.

Leonel didn't even pull his spear out of the demon ape's head. The moment he felt it break through, he hardly put any more strength into driving down any further. With his Dream World constricting the region, he could tell exactly when the demon ape had reached the point of no return and had no chances remaining.

So, the moment that point was reached, he abandoned everything and shot to Aina's side. With his Starry Light Domain, it only took him a single step to reach her, and what he saw left his face warped.

Aina truly was in a terrible situation. It looked as though a sword had started at her collarbone and then cut straight down. If not for her otherworldly vitality and her control over her own Life Force, it was likely that such an injury could have outright put her at the doors of no return.

Leonel kneeled to Aina's side, his jaw clenched. Her face was entirely pale and her breathing was shallow. But at this point, she only had one lung left and a great portion of her heart had been damaged. Every breath just caused a larger and larger pool of blood to converge around her.

Her healing factor couldn't keep up at all. If left like this, she would most definitely die.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Aina's eyes fluttered and her lips parted slightly, but Leonel had already put his hand over her mouth before this silly woman did something as stupid as speak.

[Instant Recovery].

Leonel spoke these words in his mind and a strong current flooded his body, every one of his own cells lighting up like a Christmas tree.

Then, without the slightest hesitation, he cut a long wound along his remaining good arm. A large amount of his blood began to drip outward even as his Vital Stars began to rotate.

During this process, Leonel's dense crimson blood shimmered with radiant gold and blue lights. It almost looked as though an elixir of a God was being pulled out from his body and into Aina's.

He allowed it all to pour into Aina's mouth. Although his own recovery became much slower, Aina's became much faster as a result. First her bleeding came to a stop and then her flesh began to slowly grow back.

As she grew better, Leonel increased the amount of his blood he let her swallow, allowing her to accommodate more and more.

In just a few seconds, Aina's pale complexion became much redder and her arm and leg began to grow back. First came their bones, then their flesh, nerves and veins, before finally, supple and fair skin came back with the same ruddiness of her face.

Aina felt like an intoxicating brew was slipping down her throat. To this day, although she wasn't quite sure why, there was no blood that she had ever felt or tasted that was nearly as good as Leonel's. It was just unfortunate that before this, she had only experienced the tiniest bit.

But this time, more and more of the intoxicating liquid filled up her belly, rushing through her veins and causing her to moan with pleasure.

The heart rending pain she had been experiencing had long since vanished, there was only a wild pleasure coming from the depths of her soul.

At that moment, Aina felt that her body's strength was increasing by leaps and bounds, even the Fiend Class Force Pills she had swallowed up until now weren't nearly as effective.

When the stream of blood finally stopped, her lips had turned an intoxicating shade of bright red and the eyes she looked at Leonel with were full of allure.

Caught off guard and feeling quite weak himself after having given away so much of his blood, Leonel couldn't even react when Aina shot up and pressed her lips to his own. 