Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel had been distracted by more than just his own weakness. After having been slapped nearly to death by the demon ape, Aina's white flexible armor had shattered as well. In fact, there was even less of it left than there was of her.

It was impossible for Leonel to focus on such a thing while the love of his life was at death's door. But after she was clear and her life was no longer in danger, if it wasn't for the weakness his body was experiencing and that he practically had no blood left to spare, he just might have experienced the feeling of his nose becoming a crimson geyser.

It was one thing to experience Aina's nakedness when their minds fused into one, but it was something else entirely when he could see it with his own eyes, and something even more difficult to ignore when she suddenly pressed up against him like this… especially since he had already retracted his own armor and there was nothing left on his torso but his own skin.

Leonel was suddenly very thankful that there was such a dense fog around, because this scene was simply too enticing for others to see. In fact, with his temper, if anyone else did see it, he just might try to gouge their eyes out.

Too beautiful. Too soft.

The lines of her body were so powerful, and yet so feminine and gentle. Every fiber was filled with strength, but it had just the same amount of suppleness.

Even before she pounced on Leonel, her chest rippled with her every light breath and gentle gulp. It was an absolutely gorgeous and hypnotic sight, only made better by the fact it was half obscured by what remained of her armor.

One breast was more than half covered by soft leathers and strong silver metals, but the other was revealed to the air. Both were much larger than even what Leonel's hands could handle, and both managed to enter a state of perfection whether covered or free.

However, what was maybe even more enticing was Aina's exposed hip. What remained of her armor just barely managed to cover the delicate region between her thighs, but an entire side of her wide hips and slender waist was exposed to the winds, even down to the gorgeous slope of her ass and her long, slender legs…

When she jumped into Leonel's arms, his now healed hand couldn't help but subconsciously stretch forward and knead this soft supple skin, even shamelessly caressing the curve of her bottom and allowing his fingers to sink into the seemingly endless mound of flesh.

This feeling was no less intoxicating than the feeling of her exposed chest pressing against his own. The beating of her heart transmitted right into his soul even as her tongue wrapped around his.

Aina completely allowed her body to fall into Leonel's embrace, hooking an arm around his neck and sinking her other hand into his hair.

She didn't seem to care about anything else. She only wanted to experience more of Leonel's warmth, more of his touch.

When she felt Leonel poking between her legs, his mass and girth so heavy and forceful that it pushed through both their layers of robes and armor, her breathing only quickened.

She really wanted it, so much so that she couldn't even quite express it into words.

She placed both her hands on Leonel's collarbone and pushed hard, pressing his back into the ground.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Leonel's brows shot up, his lips still somewhat moist from her kiss. He had actually wanted more, only to find that the sensation was suddenly ripped away.

However, any complaints he had were washed away the instant he saw her enticing silhouette straddling him.

Her skin was completely flushed red, her rippling breasts bouncing ever so slightly with her every breath. The two seemed to have completely forgotten that they were in the demon world, their minds focused entirely on nothing other than their own lust.

Aina's seemingly soft and gentle hands ripped open the lower half of Leonel's robes, leaving him completely speechless. Wasn't she a little too eager? She could have just taken them off the normal way. What was he supposed to wear now?

Leonel didn't even get to finish these thoughts before his eyes widened and his legs trembled.

Aina's gaze, misty and somewhat unfocused, met Leonel's. Her soft palms wrapped around his shaft, delicately stroking as though she was afraid to hurt him.

She slipped backward and bent over, the softness of her breast enveloping Leonel. The feeling was so overwhelming that Leonel forgot how to think and even how to breathe. There was just a sudden eruption of pent up emotions stirring deep within him, his heart trembling uncontrollably.

And then, he felt her lips touch the tip of his cock. It was just the second time he had experienced such a thing, the memory of the first was still all too clear in his mind. But this felt even better, countless times more fiery, as though the very heat of Aina's loins were transferring to him.

Aina's gaze became mistier, her breathing became labored and her heated breath only made Leonel twitch more fiercely.

Leonel had just undergone an Instant Recovery. The scent he was giving off was so pure and strong that it was almost like a drug filling up Aina's lungs. She wanted more of it, so much so that her lips seemed to part on their own, swallowing the tip of his shaft into the warm moistness of her mouth.

Leonel's jaw clenched, his breathing becoming deeper as his chest continually expanded.

Aina's actions were slightly awkward, but Leonel's sensitivity was sky high and her movements were so gentle that none of it seemed to matter. The delicate touch of her hands and her tongue left Leonel completely at her mercy, those soft sounds being the only thing that could be heard for hundreds of meters.

However, just when Leonel's cock convulsed, about to be brought over the edge of no return, Aina came to a sudden stop.

Leonel could even see straight, so he only felt a shadow come over him and felt his lips embraced by another pair.

Aina savored Leonel's taste, her own hips involuntarily grinding at a steady rhythm.

She laughed lightly, her voice sounding sultry and soothing.

"All that talk about baby making appointments… you don't want to finish inside the wrong place, do you?"

She whispered into Leonel's ears like a temptress, enticing him with the call of a siren.

Leonel released a low growl, this vixen was getting a little bit too full of herself.

His powerful arms wrapped around her waist and flipped her beneath him.

A slight squeal of delight left Aina's lips, her eyes looking into Leonel's own with an undisguised desire and anticipation. She was willing to give Leonel her everything, and there wasn't the slightest reluctance in her heart.

Her legs wrapped around Leonel, her palms pressed against his cheeks.

However, in that instant, a spark of rage lit Leonel's eyes, his head snapping upward and looking in a particular direction.

At this moment, his desire to kill was maybe even greater than it had been just a few minutes ago, his patience having been whittled down to nothing. 