Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Aina's brows shot up.

For a moment, she thought that another enemy had come. But it wasn't long before she realized that it wasn't a stranger at all, but rather Leonel.

She couldn't help but stare for a while. Although she knew that whatever changes Leonel underwent would be explosive since her own was already so great, but even this was outside her expectation. This change was more than just explosive, it was even a bit difficult to accept.

The dark gold panda Leonel sat within was at least 10 meters tall, dwarfing even many of the demons they had come across. But what was truly fearsome was the amount of condensed power it exuded.

That palm just now wasn't a physical attack, it was a compression of Force, extremely dense Force. If Aina was correct, that Force should be Aurora Star Force, a fusion of Earth, Star and Dark Force only second to Chaotic Particle Force.

Though, this alone wasn't enough to paint the picture because Forces that fused the three were too rare, one would be hard pressed to name five of them, so the fact that this was second didn't mean much. However, its power alone spoke for itself.

Aurora Star Force was unlike most Earth Forces because it was especially powerful in control and applications of gravity. In this way, it was a lot more like a Spatial Force than it was an Earth Force. The difference, however, lay in the fact that rather than twisting space to achieve its results directly, it, instead, concentrated a large amount of weight into a small point.

These principles were the core behind what generated the Yin-Yang Domain of the Aurora Black Bear as well as the gravity of Aurora Star Force was the core of what powered the balancing abilities of the Yin-Yang Domain.

In truth, Aurora Star Force was no more powerful than Ethereal Star Force was. One was a mixture of Earth, Star and Darkness while the other was a mixture of Space, Star and Light. They were both top 100 in their respective Light and Dark categories, making them very powerful considering the rarity of Light and Dark Force. However, for some reason, Leonel's Aurora Star Force seemed much stronger now than his Ethereal Star Force had ever been.

That said, Leonel was thinking about any of this right now. In fact, his mind wasn't even very focused on the attack he had just levied either. At this moment, he was simply basking in a magical sort of feeling, and his mind was being commanded by a single thought.

With the Yin-Yang Domain as a foundation… Was it even possible for anyone in the Sixth Dimension to defeat his current self?

The last time Leonel had gained an ability this useful it had come in the form of a Spear Domain. His Duality Spear had allowed him to use his mind and calculative abilities to close the gap between himself, who had been at Tier 1 of the Fifth Dimension back then, and an entire group of Sixth Dimensional existences.

Unfortunately, because of the formation of his Seventh Star upon entering the Tier 3, his Duality Spear was destroyed and wasn't able to be repaired by the Spear Domain Heirloom.

The Duality Spear was simply the perfect match for his Ability Index. Alone, Leonel's Ability Index was simply too weak in direct combat. But when it was paired with external abilities that could amplify it and allow it to shine, it was akin to slapping wings on his back and allowing him to soar through the skies.

It felt to Leonel that the Yin-Yang Domain was another such opportunity. In fact, it was far more powerful than Duality Domain ever had been.

Leonel had self-created only one technique in his lifetime, but it was so powerful that even to this day, it was one of his strongest trump cards, so much so that he rarely brought it out. Of course, this was in part due to the fact that he hadn't gotten a chance to experience the techniques of the Void Palace yet because he had spent so much time running around.

But today, he would create a second.

'You'll no longer be called Yin-Yang Domain. I'll call you Lotus Domain from now on.'

The ferocious expressions of the three headed panda construct suddenly became docile and serene.

Six hands rose into the air, each palming orbs of sparkling dark gold energy. But very quickly, this energy began to rotate and change shape, eventually becoming dark gold lotuses with hundreds to thousands of petals each.

These lotuses were soft and gentle, formed by Aurora Star Force and dazzling beneath the dim lights of the demon world.

Aside from being beautiful, these six lotuses didn't seem to have any other abilities. Still, for some reason, Leonel looked very much satisfied as he forced them to vanish. Calm returned to him and the 10 meter tall construct vanished with an exhale of his breath.nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

He smiled toward Aina, very much glad that he had listened to her. If not, then who knew how long it would have taken him to make this leap?

This demon world was such a grand treasure trove, wouldn't it be too unfortunate if he could take advantage of it because he was too weak?

Leonel still wasn't confident in claiming the Top Prize of this Sector, but at this point, that wasn't his main goal. What he wanted to do was to collect as many demon corpses as he could before this event came to an end. Then once they left this place, the foundation he would have to build up the foundations of his allies and prepare for the Heir Wars would maybe be beyond even that of his elder cousins.

Also, with such a large selection of demons here, he didn't believe that he wouldn't be able to collect enough samples for when he finally reconnected with the Segmented Cube and gained access to the Tentacle Womb once again.

While he might not have strength to dominate the Fiend Class Sector, he most definitely had the strength and intelligence combination he needed to scrounge up more resources than he knew what to do with.

He couldn't help but sweep Aina into his arms, a bright grin on his face.