Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

An unruly amount of power trembled in Leonel's palm, almost to the point that it intoxicated him. He could already see several flaws with this ability, but none of it seemed to matter right this moment. Right here and now, he felt more powerful than he had ever been before.

Leonel took deep breaths, quickly calming himself and allowing his thoughts to flow smoothly. When his heartbeat had returned to a manageable rhythm, he looked down at the spear his dark gold panda construct was wielding.

It looked absolutely identical to the spear that he was wielding in its true hand, with only the caveat that it was somewhat illusory. It looked no different from a projection of Leonel's Dream World, and yet it was able to interact with the world and display might no less than that of his spear. In fact, it was even faintly beyond because it was built with the core essence of the Spear Domain in mind.

After Leonel broke through the Sixth Dimension and raised his Dream Force to the pinnacle of the Seventh Dimension, the rising difficulty he had faced traveling through the Spear Domain World barely had an impact on him any longer. In fact, while before it had been difficult for him to reach this Quasi Gold spear, right now, he could pick from a selection of tens of thousands of them with absolute ease. It was no further than a thought away for him.

That said, he had yet to truly master this spear because he hadn't had the time to digest the teaching of the spears that surrounded its Spear Peak. As such, Leonel had yet to get a grasp for its Domain and how it would be used. In fact, he didn't even know the name of the spear yet.

And yet, despite all of this, using his Spear Domain Lineage Factor, linking it with his Dream World by proxy of his Starry Spirit Domain, and then using the fusion of his Light Star and Dark Star Lineage Factors to combine his Starry Spirit Domain with his Yin-Yang Domain, he was able to unearth the true essence of the spear in his hand and manifest it!

This created a spear construct with a deadly amount of power, tapping into a level of strength Leonel shouldn't have been able to use just yet because he had yet to truly master this spear!

When Leonel found the time to truly master this spear and bring out even more of its strength, the construct would only become more powerful!

The shocking thing about all of this was that because Leonel couldn't quickly and fully comprehend the spear in his hand unlike he could most everything else that entered his Starry Spirit Domain. This meant that Leonel didn't have a completed Dream Sculpt for the spear, and as such, didn't have a perfect representation for it.

The meaning here was the only reason why this spear was illusory and not solild should be because Leonel couldn't manifest its true form. Since the Dream Force version was incomplete, the opposing Force used to construct it, a Force Leonel wasn't even sure had a name, would likewise be incomplete.

That meant…

Leonel's palm flipped over, his foggy black bow appearing in his free hand. In just a few seconds, a complete construction of the Silver Grade bow was completed in his mind and a perfect Dream Sculpt appeared in his Dream World.

A rush of Aurora Force flooded forth and space quaked and struggled.

BANG!

A rush of violent Force charged through, manifesting a bow that stood 15 meters tall from tip to curved tip.

The dark gold panda construct trembled, hoisting the bow up. Leonel used two hands to hold onto his spear and four to hold up and draw his bow.

Wild winds fluctuated in the surroundings, a violent tempest of Force surging forth.

'Because the bow is so much bigger, the Force Arts used to forge it are also much larger and much more robust. So, the amount of Force it can gather in forming an arrow is on an exponentially larger scale. If I fully draw this bow…'

Leonel wanted to test it, but he forced himself to stop.

The only reason he had started this was to test something. There was no way that such an ability didn't come without a price, and there definitely was one. But after paying keen attention to his body, Leonel found that he was in a unique position to deal with the drawbacks.

First, there was the creation of the construct. When Leonel's Dream Force was converted to what he could only call Construct Force for now, it used Aurora Force to power the Yin-Yang Domain, but the formation of the actual Construct was a lot like the Dream Force used in the construction of Zones.

The difference here was that while that Dream Force was just an illusion, Construct Force demanded something real.

The good news was that because of his Metal Synergy Lineage Factor, Leonel was in an extremely unique position to very easily supply the Yin-Yang Domain with exactly what he needed.

It had to be remembered that thanks to his Metal Body, Leonel could manifest the Ores he had absorbed into his foundation in real life. That was because he had reference points to draw perfect reconstructions of them.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

But now that his Dream World could manifest materials into reality, the burden shifted from his Metal Body to his Dream Sculpts! This meant that anything Leonel could perfectly reconstruct, so long as it was related to a Force he had great control over, he would likewise be able to manifest it.

And since he had such a high affinity for Variant Earth Force, there were very few treasures, weapons and armors that he wouldn't be able to perfectly reconstruct!

However, there were drawbacks as well. This bow in particular only had a metal body, but its bowstring was actually formed of a beast's tendons, maybe even a demon's tendons.

As such, when Leonel manifested it into reality, not only was at least 10% of his stamina used up despite it being a Sixth Dimensional Construct, but the bowstring was still somewhat illusory, a lot like his spear.

It could be used, but it would contain its true power. Still, the explosive increase in strength was so much thanks to its upgrade in size that this loss hardly mattered!