Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

This tradeoff was so miniscule that Leonel didn't waste a single drop of sweat fretting over it. He knew that there would be this kind of drawback the moment he attempted to use this ability.

The Yin-Yang Domain was so effective against him when he fought that Three Finger Cult woman precisely because he used Light Force and they used Dark Force. The conversion was especially easy because it transferred precisely over to a Force they had great control over.

Although they could still use the Domain against him if he used a different sort of Force, the burden would have been greater.

This was ultimately why the Aurora Black Panda was still a top Seventh Dimensional beast and not some mythical Ninth Dimensional monster.

Even with this being the case, as unwilling as Leonel was to improve his Lineage Factors before, right now, he was even more unwilling. Giving up his Starry Spirit Domain was already a huge barrier for him to cross, but now that he could fuse it with his Yin-Yang Domain and use it like this…

Would he be a fool to try and chase after greater power right now?

He already knew the next two Lineage Factors for both halves.

On the Light Star half, there was still the Twinkling Light Bear and the Golden Tiger.

On the Dark Star half, there was the Crimson Clawed Ape and the Death Pulse Deer.

According to Wise Star Order, there was also a sixth for each to complete the 12 sides… But he had no idea what they were. What he did know, though, was that he simply had no intention of even considering "upgrading" to these unless they could prove themselves to be more useful than this combination.

If before Leonel didn't think anyone of the Human Domain's Sixth Dimension could defeat his current self. Right now… He might even be willing to try battling someone in the Seventh Dimension to truly see where his limits lied!

Of course, this was just for the Human Domain, in this weird Zone, he didn't dare to get too cocky. The power levels of those in this Zone clearly far outstripped anything Leonel had become used to in the human Domain, which was why he still made a conscious effort to hide his abilities.

Leonel took a breath and finally fully settled down.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

The palms of his dark gold panda construct squeezed and his bow and spear vanished.

'Oh?'

Leonel's eyes lit up. He just realized that using his Dream Force Stars, he could actually reverse the transformation and reabsorb some of the Force he had used. Although he could only seem to regain about 70%, this was another great discovery.

​ Leonel turned toward Aina and grinned. "Impressive, right?"

Aina was speechless for a moment, truly speechless.

"Did you… break into Tier 5?"

Aina wasn't wrong for being so shocked. It should have been impossible for anyone to enter the Savant level, it was a barrier that couldn't be crossed no matter what. However, she had just witnessed Leonel form something with his Dream Force, did she not? There was simply no faking this!

Leonel laughed. "No, I didn't. But I found a method to effectively do just that. Unfortunately, unlike Savants who don't have to waste any stamina whatsoever, I have to use up a lot so I can't just casually do it.

"That said…"

Leonel flipped over a palm and a dancing Force Art appeared. It took no more than the blink of an eye, impossibly quick, so quick that Aina couldn't even track it being drawn.

But that was precisely the point. Leonel hadn't "drawn" it. He had had this Force Art in his Dream Sculpts for a very long time.

Although he rarely used it anymore, with the speed of his mind, it would be foolish if he didn't split at least some of his attention toward comprehending more of Camelot's Magic System. From time to time, he would grasp something new and he would store it into his Dream World.

Camelot's Magic System was too useful to him. After all, it should be remembered that one of his most powerful trump cards, [Star Fusion], was a result of comprehending the Knighthood aspects of Camelot's Magic System.

This Force Art, however, was related to the Path of a Mage.

"… You see this? I can make them appear within my Starry Spirit Domain whenever I want. The trouble is that in the past, even if I used them as a template, it would still take time to cast in battle. Unless I was using Dream Class and tempering myself as a mage, it's often just easier to use my spear or my bow. The tradeoff isn't worth it.

"But now…"

Leonel snapped his fingers and the Force Art in his palm vanished. However, the moment it did, dozens of identical illusory Force Arts appeared all around, each just as perfect as the last without even the slightest variation.

And then, Leonel's Yin-Yang Domain appeared and everything changed.

In one instant, the Force Arts were illusory, but in the next, they were converted to Construct Force and gained life.

They blazed with a fiery Fire Force, becoming dozens of roaring flood dragons that spiraled about Leonel's body.

Right now, Leonel could accomplish something even beyond instant casting. The moment the thought formed in his head, the spell could be formed. Not only that, but the spell could dance between reality and illusion as Leonel pleased, catching enemies off guard, slipping through defenses, and erupting with force at the most unexpected times.

When Leonel said that he almost felt invincible, he was exaggerating in the slightest. With the way he battled, and with this number of trump cards on hand, he was hard pressed to believe that anyone near his strength level had even the smallest chance at defeating him.

Maybe they might exist in this Zone, and maybe even in the other Domains of the Dimensional Verse… But in the Human Domain? Absolutely not.