Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Nothing could escape Leonel. Now that his mind had the support of real strength, his speed of killing demons was on a completely different level. While most had to wait patiently or attract demons over to them, Leonel could blanket dozens of kilometers with his Internal Sight and 10 with his Dream World, there was simply nothing that could hide from him.

Every time he found a proper target, he was a single Starry Light Domain use away from appearing right before them, and since he chose his targets so perfectly, most didn't last more than just a few exchanges.

To the current Leonel, lower Fiend Class demons up to Tier 7 were no problem at all. The same was the case for Tier 4 middle Fiend Class demons and Tier 1 higher Fiend Class demons.

Of course, these were pure strength-based demons he was referring to. For demons that relied heavily on the elements, he could push his easy victories much further. In addition, if he was willing to enter a long, protracted battle, he could go a Tier or two upward without quite putting his life on the line.

The more he battled, the more fluid his battle style became and the more powerful his control over his Domains began. Switching between them, overlapping them and fusing them became as easy as breathing.

His Lotus Domain, an evolved self created method he had formed to use his Yin-Yang Domain, only seemed to become more and more powerful. Even when he faced creatures he couldn't easily convert because he lacked the opposing affinity, he still managed to learn and quickly grasp new methods.

…

Two of Leonel's dark gold panda construct's arms wielded a spear with fierce precision. In his four remaining arms, he held up four sparkling lotuses, each rotating with a mysterious sort of delicate energy. They looked gentle, ethereal and beautiful, as though they had no place on such a bloody battlefield.

Cyclones and wild bursts of lightning rushed toward Leonel from all sides. However, every time one shot forward, Leonel's spear would meet it, severing it in two with a savage sharpness.

Amidst the storm, Leonel's panda construct was solid and sturdy. Sparks of lightning claws at the ground around him like the strikes of a venomous devil, and yet none of them touched even the hem of his clothing.

Leonel's gaze flashed with a cold light. In that moment, the lotuses he held up began to shift and change, becoming more complex.

Leonel's panda construct took a step forward, striking out hard with one of his lotus wielding palms.

At that moment, a cyclone of lightning and a fragile lotus met. And yet, what actually happened was completely out of the expectations of anyone who might have been observing.

As though sucked in by a blackhole, the lightning swirled into the body of the lotus.

Just when the demon Leonel couldn't even see with his own eyes wanted to follow up with a second attack, Leonel's second lotus wielding palm shot forward, sucking up the attack just as easily as the first.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

The twin pair of lotuses vibrated with a wild energy, fluctuating from their dark bronze-ambrosia-like color to something far more cloudy and thunderous.

At the same time, the two remaining unused lotuses were brought together as the panda construct's fifth and sixth hands clasped together lightly.

The moment they did, the lotuses fused and bloomed. With a quick, yet gentle momentum, a large lotus appeared around Leonel, rotating slowly as it sapped up every instance of Lightning Force in the region. The demon suddenly found itself completely unable even to gather Force from the surroundings.

One of the Forces that Leonel had trouble breaking down with his Lotus Domain was precisely Lightning Force. He had no innate affinity for it, or its opposite, so every time he faced such a demon, he had to calculate it all from scratch. This was practically the only thing that could slow his Lotus Domain down.

He could use his Yin-Yang Domain to forcefully refine the Lightning Force anyway, as that was what it was designed to do. However, if Leonel applied his comprehensions of the lotus he had gained from that research paper, he found that he could use a fraction of the stamina necessary to receive results that were far better and many times more potent.

The Yin-Yang Domain was supposed to be a last resort trump card that sapped up a ton of energy. But Leonel had managed to turn it into a casual technique that was of no burden to himself whatsoever. In fact, it was such a non-burden that once it was deployed perfectly, Leonel could toy with an enemy elemental demon as though it was nothing more than a child.

The moment his calculations were finished, all of the demon's useful Force was sapped away, revealing its true form.

It had a cloud covering its lower body and its upper half was covered in stone and metal. It looked like a little grey skinned gremlin, but its power output was so great that it was easily classified as a Tier 5 middle Fiend Class demon.

The gremlin demon screeched, sweeping forward its bony and much-too-long fingers across the air to form more curtains of lightning.

But as quickly as the new lightning streaks formed, Leonel's lotuses rotated and sucked it all away.

'This is…' Leonel's brows rose.

To Leonel's surprise, the direct opposite of Lightning Force was an odd vibrational force. Just its presence alone made the air quake, and if he used it to attack…

Leonel struck forward with one of the two palm lotuses he hadn't deployed into a larger form.

The gremlin demon screeched once more, swinging out to counter, but it only found its lightning sapped away.

When the vibrational Force struck its chest, it was as though its entire body had begun to quake.

Leonel's pupils constricted, pulling back the vibrational energy quickly just before the demon burst into a rain of blood. But by that point, its internal organs had already been turned to mush.

Its eyes glazed over and it collapsed to the ground slowly. 