Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel exhaled a breath and stored the demon corpse away. By this point, he easily had a few hundred, and his point total only increased by leaps and bounds.

In the Fiend Class Sector, a single lower class demon gave 100 000 Demon Points, middle class was upward of several million, and high class was in the tens of millions easily, with some of the stronger and rarer ones being upward of hundreds of millions.

By this point, unless he found a rare and especially useful demon, Leonel mostly killed and stored middle and higher Fiend Class demons. So, his point total increased by leaps and bounds. Although it was still marginal compared to his original point totals, he had still increased his total points by at least 20 or so percent, a jump that was definitely noticeable.

However, even after several days, Leonel still hadn't found an exchange point. He was beginning to wonder if he was searching incorrectly, if there was a trick he was aware of, or maybe, the worst case scenario, there were no exchange points here at all.

It was possible that the treasures of the Fiend Class Sector were valuable enough that one would have to exchange with the Great Families personally. That would make things much more difficult to handle.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

'I think it's time to change approaches. I've already gathered more than enough demon corpses to bring out the full potential and then some of the individuals who will be the core members of my army. Although it would always be better to have more, I need to change gears now or else I might end up running out of time. If that happens, it'll be too late to regret…

'In that case… I should start targeting people instead of demons.'

If he was lacking in information, he would just have to find what he was lacking in, and the best bet were the geniuses here. The trouble was that Leonel had always taken a wide path around them all.

In these last several days, he had run into more than just a few, but even if they saw his dome of fog, they wouldn't dare to casually enter it. And, even those bold enough to do so simply wouldn't be able to catch Leonel if he wanted to run.

He detected them long before they detected him and his escape abilities at this point were quite potent. Avoiding these geniuses and not getting involved with them just seemed like the best choice to make.

These individuals here were decided to be strong enough to have a chance at clearing out 10% of the demons in this demon Bubble. Such monsters weren't individuals that Leonel should dare to take casually. But it seemed that he would have to seek them out this time.

Leonel's gaze narrowed. If he had to choose, he would choose the one of them he was already familiar with.

Leonel closed his eyes. He unleashed the full strength of his Starry Spirit Domain which had only grown more powerful after the fusion with his Aurora Black Panda. But even before that, he hadn't unleashed its full strength. There was simply no need. It wasted too much stamina and the range he had now was more than enough.

However, now that he was actively looking for someone…

Leonel didn't allow his fog domain to increase in size, there was no point and it would only alert others. But his Starry Spirit Domain increased explosively in size.

10 kilometers… 20 kilometers… 50 kilometers… 100 kilometers… 110 kilometers…

'There.'

Leonel's eyes snapped open, his Starry Spirit Domain rubber banding back to its original size.

He shot forward, his construct leaving streaks of dark gold in his wake.

The Aurora Black Panda wasn't meant to have such speed as it didn't have a Speed Branch. But after fusing with the Starry Tailed Fox, its speed was even faster than the Leonel's original Starry Tailed Fox Lineage had been alone.

It was agile and speedy, its nine total eyes shining with a fierce light as it tore a path through the wind.

With his Aurora Star Force, Leonel could even decrease his and the weight of the construct to virtually nothing, making his speed even faster.

He was nothing more than a blur, crossing kilometers at a time in just a few seconds.

With a flash, four of his palms slammed together, causing the vibrational Force that had infused into his rotating lotuses to disperse to his back, spurring on his speed even faster.

At the same time, the configuration of the lotuses began to shift and change, warping to a new maze of layered leaves that the spatial affinity youth from before would very quickly recognize.

All this time, Leonel had shrunk his fog barrier to just the immediate few meter distance around him. But the instant he was within range of his target, it exploded forth one again, completely enveloping him.

"Huh?!"

The young man was caught completely off guard. Seeing the familiar fog, his eyes widened.

He subconsciously spread his Internal Sight outward, only to realize that it was just as useless as it had been before.

He instantly changed tactics, spreading out his Spatial Force instead, his gaze turning serious. However, an instant later, his expression warped to an ugly sight to behold.

Before, he had been able to circumvent Leonel's domain by using his Spatial Force as a sensory organ instead of his Internal Sight. But now, he found that even his Spatial Force was being interrupted?! Could it be that he was correct all along? Was Leonel just feigning weakness?

What the young man couldn't see was that the world around him was completely covered in floating lotuses. Every time he sent his Force outward, it would immediately be swallowed up by these rotating lotuses and turn into an enigmatic Force that seemed to push and pull on time itself.

The lotuses had a similar but far more potent ability in comparison to Leonel's Heavenly Body Realm comprehension, warping one's perception of time. However, Leonel had restrained the effect, not allowing the young man to sense it just yet.

The young man unleashed a wave of spatial Force, forming a concentrated barrier around himself as his foot began to pivot so that he could look for where his enemy might be coming from. 