Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

In that instant, a palm suddenly appeared above the young man's head, causing his expression to change.

He could no longer use his spatial Force in long range, but he had concentrated it to the point where even Leonel's lotuses took a long time to cut into it. As such, within a five meter radius of him, he could sense everything clearly. In addition, because of the special abilities of space, he could sense ripples of space up to 15 meters away.

Whereas the sight range of Internal Sight ended abruptly, all space was connected to more space. Any changes to the mesh would inevitably have extended travel.

However, while this was the case, the face of the young man was still ugly because he could feel his stamina being quickly drained as Leonel forced him to replenish his dome of spatial Force again and again.

The young man released a growl, his palm shooting up to meet Leonel's.

A wild ripple of space and pure power met.

BANG!

Leonel's palm was forced back up but the knees of the young man bent so fiercely that he almost fell to the ground.

The latter grit his teeth, hard. He flipped over two palms, a twin pair of silver sickles appearing in his hands for just a moment before he threw them out with all the strength he could muster. Before they even landed, he flipped his hands over one again, forming another pair, one of which he threw in the air above his head only to replace it with another flip of his palm.

Five silver sickles manifested in quick succession, one of which hovered high in the air and two of which were quickly spinning toward Leonel's chest.

Leonel's gaze flashed. This was another issue with his Lotus Domain, it was useless against physical objects. That said, while these were physical objects, it was powered by something quite obvious.

The twin giant lotuses surrounding Leonel panda construct spun, ripping the Spatial Force from the twin pair of sickles, stripping them of all their profundity before snatching them out of the air with two hands.

At the same time, two of his arms wielded his spear, piercing straight for the young man's forehead. If such a blow landed, let alone being pierced through, the young man would find his head shattered into a rain of blood and gore.

The young man crossed his arms about his chest, the third sickle above his head swinging down as though it had a mind of its own carrying with it a fierce momentum.

The three sickles blocked with a single mind, their three blades intersecting. But even before they struck, the eyes of the young man widened. He suddenly couldn't sense his other two sickles anymore. What the hell happened?!

There was no way for him to see beyond this fog and his Internal Sight was entirely useless. He felt as though he was trying to swim forward in a raging, relentless storm.

BANG!

Spear and sickles met, the resonating boom sending violent ripples of space in all directions.nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

The eyes of the young man glowed with a cold light. These brats really thought that he was a pushover.

After he had run away the first time, he realized that he had been overly cautious. That woman he had battled had been blown away too easily by his spatial barrier. And, as he meditated on the lotus that tricked him that day, he realized that it was just a clever trick to redirect his Spatial Force. While it was quite profound, it wasn't impossible to circumvent.

If it wasn't for this fog barrier that messed with his senses, how could he be toyed with like this?! He was a Fiend Class genius! While he had no chance at the Top Prize, he had pride of his own! How could he lose to two who had just been promoted from the Human Class?!

Fury lit his gaze, a silvery light exploding forth from his eyes. With their blades connected like this, he knew exactly where Leonel was. He would make them pay for daring to underestimate him.

The silvery light grew, becoming a vaporous sort of energy that almost looked like dancing solar flares.

"Die."

Just as the young man spoke that word, his eyes widened.

At that moment, a twin pair of sickles he couldn't have been more familiar with had come back toward him. They arched so beautifully in the air that, for a moment, he was mesmerized.

Too few people knew that even in comparison to bowmanship, Leonel was on a completely different level when it came to using throwing weapons. As much control as he had over his bow, when the medium of the bow was removed and all that was left was the weapon and himself…

He was a God.

The young man simply couldn't react at all, the odd Time Force distorted his reality entirely, cutting through his Spatial Barrier as though it was never there at all. And maybe that was because to that pair of sickles, the Spatial Barrier hadn't been erected yet…

The pair of sickles ripped into either side of the young man's collarbone, rotating through his lungs and out his shoulder blades.

The young man coughed up a mouthful of blood, his control over his Force waning as he shot backward.

BANG!

He collided with a tree just as the blades exited his shoulder blades, and just like that, his blades hooked into the tree's black bark, leaving him hanging as his blood slowly dripped down.

The young man coughed and wheezed, his blood slowly leaking down from his body. However, his mind remained clear enough for a deep fear to shake his heart.

Time Force… That was definitely Time Force… What kind of monster had he offended?!

The fog around the panda construct and the spatial affinity youth dispersed, revealing a looming 10 meter tall form to the latter.

Leonel sat with Aina in his arms, a light smile on his face. He seemed to be in a good mood as though he hadn't just fought a vicious battle. Just one mistake back there and he could have very well been the one nailed to a tree.

Luckily he had already analyzed this young man's ability previously and the latter was very unlucky that Leonel's spatial affinity was quite good as well, allowing him to more easily restrain the youth all while using less stamina to sustain his Yin-Yang Domain.

"Just answer my questions honestly and I'll have no reason to kill you."