Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel's frown settled down, his features smoothing out and his countenance becoming frighteningly cold. He didn't know who this woman was, but he was absolutely certain that she was extraordinarily powerful. In addition, he could deduce exactly why she was waiting here, so she was also very much confident in the gap between their strength.

With just a single glance, Leonel could tell that this young woman was in Tier 9 of the Sixth Dimension. Not only that, but she was also comparable to a high Fiend Class demon or else she wouldn't even dare to come here to fight Leonel for a chance to fight an elite demon to begin with.

In all likelihood, then, this young woman was not only comparable to a high Fiend Class demon, but she also should be comparable to an elite one even among them.

Leonel immediately noticed her fusing back with her clones. Her doing such a thing, especially so prematurely, seemed to open up a gap for Leonel to escape. After all, now that her clones had vanished from the sides of the other demons, so long as Leonel ran, he should be able to escape her.

The main issue with that, though, was that Leonel didn't believe that someone intelligent enough to force him of all people to walk into such a trap could possibly make such a rookie mistake. In fact, he calculated that there was a better than 80% probability that should he try to run now, he would end up in an even worse situation.

Although he couldn't be certain, this young woman likely had other contingency plans ready to deal with him, and it made him feel somewhat wary that he couldn't immediately sense.

In that case, there was only one option to take… do the very thing she least expected him to do.

BANG!

The ground beneath Leonel's panda construct shattered and he rippled through space like a beam of light. In a mere instant he appeared at the edge of his fog domain, and then everything shifted and changed.

Leonel went from being the center of his fog domain, to being at the edge, and then instantly becoming the center once more. Just like that, the barrier which had been a distance away from Thaela appeared right at the edge of his nose, causing her brows to shoot up. The sudden change was so fast and quick that her heart couldn't help but skip a beat, only to quickly calm a moment later.

She hadn't expected Leonel's Fog Domain to move so suddenly and quickly, it was hard to fathom. Domains like this one should take time to shift and they definitely shouldn't just flash forward by 10 kilometers in the blink of an eye.

But what Thaela didn't know was that this wasn't the work of just one domain, but two of them.

And, what she also didn't know is that while her heart relaxed just the smallest bit when she realized the domain had stopped right in front of her, a bow had already appeared in the hands of Leonel's panda construct and in less than half a breath, it had already formed an arrow and said formed arrow had been released.

It shot through Leonel's domain with an impossibly great speed.

At such a level, it should have made a whistling noise in the air or released cacophonic booms of shattering sound barriers, and yet it was deathly silent, too silent.

Leonel's Starry Light Domain had formed a tunnel of light for it to shuttle through, following its arc with absolute perfection as though Leonel had already predicted the exact trajectory of the arrow… because that was precisely what he had done.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

'Danger!'

The brows of Thaela shot up. It wasn't an especially strong scent of danger, but something told her that she might fall into an ever-growing precarious state if she took one wrong step.

The higher one's Dimension, the more in tune with this instinctive feeling one became, and this was especially true for those that had formed Star Runes and God Runes.

Intuition was something even the primitive man of Leonel's Spear Domain Heirloom had been able to grasp and pass along to Leonel. But this was an especially special case and just went to show how amazing the spear masters of the ring were even at the lowest levels.

But at these Tiers and Realms, intuition became an instinctual part of everyone's fighting style and it would often dictate exactly how they planned to react.

Feeling such a thing, Thaela immediately reacted, her palms flaring outward and ripples of space flowing like a current around her.

BANG!

At that exact moment, Leoenl's fog domain flashed forward once more, suddenly cutting off Thaela's vision the instant she was feeling comfortable once again.

Although Thaela thought that this might happen, the timing was an issue. The instant Leonel's arrow was about to peek outside of the fog domain that was barely a centimeter from Thaela's nose, her vision and Internal Sight vanished.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

Thaela immediately chose to retreat, but Leonel's arrow slaughtered the layers of her Spatial Force, rushing for her nose.

The feeling of danger became absolutely overwhelming, and yet it was precisely at that moment that Leonel flashed once more, appearing to Thaela's back with a piercing spear.

An arrow from the front and a spear from the back. Thaela was completely pincered and had nowhere to go.

However, it was precisely at that moment that her serious expression became a cold smile. A mere Tier 1 Sixth Star wanted to fight her? How amusing.

Her hands shifted through the air and several new Runes formed. In an instant, the situation changed.

Leonel's arrow, which had been coming toward her skull, multiplied into three and suddenly vanished, appearing to her back and intercepting the tip of Leonel's spear.

Leonel's attack met Leonel's attack, the sudden stunning reality forcing him to take a single strong step back.

The ripples of space around Thaela became ten times stronger than they were previously to the point where she levitated into the air, gracefully dancing out of the way of the reverberating impact of Leonel's collision as a bottom of red liquid manifested in her palm. 