Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

It was large, abnormally large. Of course, despite this, it was still barely about the thickness of two thumbs, but such a thing was already beyond what could be said for most humans.

Ethereal Glabellas didn't grow in size. Even when Leonel was facing off against enormous oceanic creatures, he had a hard time pinpointing exactly where theirs were, and that was despite the fact that the Beast Crystals of beasts were innately several times larger than the Ethereal Glabellas of humans.

Leonel's, though, was so large and bright that even in the mess of his sliced skull, it stood out. In fact, it seemed a bit different as well.

Incredibly thin crimson threads spread out from it. They were hardly perceptible at all. If not for the cobra demon's sharp eyes, it wouldn't have spotted them at all. But they were just a slight shade redder than even Leonel's own blood.

The thin crimson threads didn't spread very far, and couldn't even be considered a single centimeter long each. They seemed to both fuse with Leonel's Ethereal Glabella and act as a separate existence all together.

But from time to time, they would shift and form into shapes and curves that were simply impossible to understand. In that state, they looked less like threads and more like delicate and thin carvings.

The cobra demon was enraptured.

Much like humankinds love of refining demons, demons also loved to eat and refine humans. But the truest delicacy was most definitely the Ethereal Glabella.

Only Chaos Demons could form them, as such lower level demons were only good for their flesh. But absorbing powerful Ethereal Glabellas, especially for Fiend Class demons so close to the Chaos realms, was especially good.

The cobra demon definitely felt like it had hit the jackpot.

Originally, it thought its path of evolution was over after these humans caught it and forced it to be a ring leader for these pathetic little juniors. But with such an opportunity before it, how could it not be ecstatic? If before it wasn't certain, it was sure now that so long as it swallowed and completely refined Leonel, it would finally take that step it had been dreaming of for so long.

Its manipulation of Force had already reached the greatest extent it could. If it wanted to, before it had been captured by these humans that is, it could have broken into the Seventh Star whenever it wanted. But it was unwilling to.

The Sixth Star was considered to be the true start of a practitioner's journey, it was the dividing line between those who could truly become powerful and those that would forever wallow in mediocrity.

If it entered the Seventh Star without changing its Class, the difficulty of doing so in the future would be exponentially more difficult.

It had originally regretted its unwillingness. If it had broken through earlier, it would have been too powerful for the humans to use for this test so it would have avoided such a fate. And now, it couldn't break through even if it wanted to.

But to think that it would gain such a boon!

If it broke into the Chaos Class, the seal placed on it would become useless. It could break into the Seventh Star in one go and shatter this cage. Once it entered the pinnacle of demon society, it would even have a chance to seek revenge for this day.

The cobra demon trembled, reaching forward in an attempt to carefully pluck out Leonel's Ethereal Glabella.

It was best to refine the entire body first. Once that was complete, he would be perfectly primed to refine this gem.

But what the cobra demon couldn't have expected was that when it tried to pluck out Leonel's Ethereal Glabella, something that should have been easy, its claws were rebuffed.

It pinched two sharp nails together, trying once again, but it was only rebuffed again.

If it had a human face, it might have an incredulous sort of expression right this moment.

Was it the crimson threads?

Leonel was definitely dead. His heart had stopped, his skin had already begun to lose its warmth, and his entire body held not the slightest ounce of tension. It was definitely impossible for him to be doing this, so the only explanation was that these crimson threads and the odd Runes they formed were doing something.

The cobra demon was a genius that had pushed the use of its Force to the absolute limit. In fact, it had started off as a Human Class demon that diligently worked its way up to its current Realm, a feat that took tens of thousands of years.

When it came to pure talent, it wasn't nearly the best, as its innate affinity was for a mere Water Force barely in the top 30. However, when it came to its application and its use, it was on a completely different level.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

So when it saw itself being rebuffed for the second time, it took a moment to sense exactly what was happening and came to a conclusion.

This was a sealing type Force, an extraordinarily strong one.

However, this seal was latched onto this body. So long as this body didn't exist anymore, the seal would also fall. It was no doubt a very heavy Blood Force seal, one more powerful than any it had ever seen before.

It was clear that the parents of the cub should be very powerful. They would definitely be enraged about his death.

The cobra demon knew it would have to escape as quickly as possible, then.

Realizing what had to be done, the demon began chomping away at Leonel's body. Every sickening crunch represented another piece that vanished.

One arm, both arms. One leg, both legs.

The demon didn't dare to eat around Leonel's skull anymore, not until it refined enough of Leonel's body that the seal would lack the Blood Force necessary to lash out.

To the demon's astonishment, it actually found not one, but two Innate Nodes in Leonel's body, one of which was a legendary Ninth Star Innate Node, and the other of which was a Fifth Star Innate Node.

This alone was shocking enough, but the Force that was inside shook it to its core.

How… How could it have such great luck?!

The demon held both Innate Nodes in its hands. When it completely refined Leonel and evolved, it would have the perfect foundation to take these Innate Nodes as its own!

While Myghell wasn't able to perfectly assimilate with it due to the Luxnix family's crude methods, it would be able to use Leonel as a catalyst for its perfect fusion with these two Innate Nodes.

Like this, it wouldn't just become a normal Chaos Demon… in the future… It would become an Overlord! 