Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel's body felt like it was breaking apart. It felt like he was a normal mortal man once again and that he hadn't eaten or had anything to drink in weeks. Not only was his skin pale, his heartbeat was incredibly fast as it tried to move around the limited blood in his body, and his skin practically stuck to his bone.

He had gone from someone who had more defined muscles and vascularity in a lean frame than most body builders had in their behemoth-like bodies, to a walking, breathing skeleton. Though, even breathing hurt, so the latter might not even be true for very much longer.

The furious light in his eyes was almost like the smoldering flames of an undead, his sunken features making him look like he was a step away from death.

The state of the cobra demon couldn't be considered to be much better. Leonel had left it in a terrible state. Even after taking so much of its blood, he had barely had enough to reform his body. It was clear that the gap in talent between Leonel and the Fiend Class demon was actually enormous, if not for this how could the latter drop down six Tiers, and yet Leonel could still hardly stand? In fact, he hadn't even been able to maintain his Sixth Dimensional status.

The cobra demon should have been able to heal an injury as simple as a lost stomach almost instantly. And yet it still stood hunched over in the distance, its eyes and tongue flickering as it kept its gaze locked onto Leonel.

It was clear that it could seem to heal. However, lingering energies from its near breakthrough into the Chaos Demon Realms was still there. It just needed time to recover and there was about a 10% chance it could still manage to make that final breakthrough.

However when facing the smoldering fury in Leonel's eyes, its senses were primed to an extreme, its scales rippling as they moved up and down. It couldn't even think about a breakthrough right now.

It had never seen someone capable of regenerating to such an extent. Even demons, who were especially known for their recovery abilities couldn't do such a thing.

Could it be that this boy had that soul separation ability it had heard about?

But no, that still shouldn't be possible. Those with that ability needed to take over other bodies, they didn't even have Ethereal Glabellas as their souls were vessels capable of replacing the function of one. As such, their very essence could be moved from place to place.

It was possible to create a body for oneself if you had such an ability, but as a human, your ability to do so would be very much lacking in comparison to Spirituals.

This was because a Spiritual could take raw materials and use their powerful souls to mold it into their image. However, one with this ability wouldn't necessarily have a soul powerful enough to do this. In addition, even if they did, they would lack the refinement techniques of the Spirituals.

As such, you would only be able to use crude clone creation methods like Heira. But such clones would only last a few years at best before you would have to create a new one.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Could it be that this boy was a Spiritual? One that had used the raw materials of its very own body in order to reform his?

When the cobra demon thought to this point, its body shuddered and its level of seriousness raised by several levels.

It wasn't a fool. Leonel didn't have the aura or smell of a Spiritual. However, when it thought about the fact that Leonel had two Innate Nodes of the number one Fire Force in all of existence, it overrode all of its other thoughts.

Theoretically, if a Spiritual wanted to, they could construct a body with a human aura. In fact, now that the cobra demon thought about this, wasn't this a human-lead trial for youths? Could it be that this genius of the Spirituals had masked his real identity in order to sneak in and partake in the secrets of the demons?

The Spirituals should be far more powerful than humans, though.. Was it even necessary to do such a thing for someone of Leonel's caliber?

However, the cobra demon didn't bother to think so far. Every race had its own internal conflict. For a Spiritual like this boy to have such poor Force control and comprehension, it definitely meant that he had been ostracized by his people. A genius of this level should be able to wipe it out with a single wave of a palm, but clearly this boy could not.

Plus, if it treated Leonel like a Spiritual genius, it wouldn't lose out. In fact, its caution would only help it.

Until now, it had only been toying with the boy, not bringing out even a small fraction of its strength. But now, it would go all out.

The temperature plummeted and then plummeted once again.

The pit in the demon's torso became a block of ice, freezing over all the leaking blood and stopping it in its tracks.

The cobra demon reached out into seemingly empty space. But at that moment, fine lines of cracks in space appeared and its hand vanished, leaving only its forearm in sight.

With it pulled back, a menacing weapon slowly manifest inch by inch. It carried with it the wild fluctuations of space.

A scythe that looked as though it had been carved of black ice made its presence known. Everywhere it swept by, space froze over and cracked. It curved with a murderous aura, blue frost wafting from its body.

The cobra demon rose to its full height, roaring into the skies above.

BANG!

It shot forward like a streak of blue light.

Leonel was the only thing it could see. This boy was the gate between it and freedom, between it and true power.

Spiritual or not, it would make sure that this boy felt its pride as a demon. 