Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The cobra demon's body rebounded against the barrier even as Leonel's clones all pierced forward at once.

It coughed violently again and again.

Leonel's spear was hardly strong enough to pierce its block of ice, which went to show just how sturdy it was. However, this was precisely its downfall. Leonel had used its own Force against it, using it as materials for his makeshift grenade.

Right now, shards of the cobra demon's own ice had torn into its lungs, its intestines, and most unfortunately… its heart. With how slow its regenerative abilities were now, such a thing was a death sentence unless it could find something to nourish itself.

But would Leonel allow it such an opportunity?

It felt that the moment Leonel had reformed his body, it had entered quicksand it couldn't find its way out of. It found that its suppression of Leonel, at least toward the latter's mind, was of no use at all. And now that Leonel's mind was unleashed in full force, it couldn't keep up with his deductions, and it couldn't read Leonel's intentions any longer.

The cobra demon faced this rain of fire with a look of unwillingness in its eyes.

How far had it climbed to reach this point? Now it was just a single step from its goal, a single step away from becoming the Chaos Class monster it had always wanted to be, but now it was going to be snatched from it at the finish line?

No. No! NO!

The neck of the cobra demon flared, its mouth opening wide. It pushed itself up, a wild mist of frost billowing around it.

DIE! DIE! DIE!

Leonel's clones shattered one after another, the dissipation of one leading to a large impact on the cobra demon's wild flurry of Force.

However, Leonel's expression only remained as cold as ever. When it came to stamina, none could match up to an Innate Node holder, never mind the state the demon was in. This demon was only hastening its death.

Leonel's spear spun, releasing [Infernal Clone] after [Infernal Cyclone].

Bright red-gold wheels shot through the dull ground, grinding the cobra demon down step by step.

His spear pierced outward. If he could also use [Vanishing Blade], he could have already ended this battle. But it was impossible for him to manipulate space in his current state, especially not with the crude methods of a technique of Valiant Heart Mountain.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

ROAR!

The cobra demon ignored everything, not even protecting itself as it started a mad charge toward Leonel.

Although it had seemed that it could casually deal with Scarlet Star Force, that was all. The cobra demon controlled a mere top 30 Water Force at the Sixth Dimension while Leonel controlled the number one Fire Force at the Fifth Dimension. The former was able to use its expert control and understanding of its Force to make the latter seem useless, but as it ran out of stamina, it became harder and harder.

So it ignored everything, conserving what was left of its stamina to charge through Leonel's wall of fire.

By the time it came out of the other side, it was nothing but a blazing humanoid, its scales, body and flesh quickly charring under in the inferno.

It swiped at Leonel with its scythe. However, Leonel only flicked out with his spear.

CRACK!

In its madness, the cobra demon had forgotten what its scythe was formed out of. Now that it had abandoned all forms of protection, how could the scythe continue to maintain its structural integrity?

The shards of ice sparkled as they fell through the air. Time seemed slow, the rain of ice twinkling beneath the raging red-gold flames as Leonel's spear continued its forward sweep, piercing right through the demon's heart.

With its scales quickly being destroyed, how could its defenses still be the same?

The cobra demon fell to its knees before Leonel, blazing in a pillar of fire.

Its head raised, laughing into the skies. All that effort, tens of thousands of years, countless battles, all to fall here.

However, at the very least, this vile human wouldn't gain its body. It would rather burn to ash right here in a final blaze of glory!

Just as it was about to fall, though, Leonel reached through the flames and grabbed its neck, squeezing down hard.

He looked down at the cobra demon, meeting its gaze through the raging fires.

"Did I say that you could die as you pleased? Your corpse is too valuable. Don't you like to eat people? I'll make sure to savor you well."

The flames that the cobra demon found to be impossible to deal with any longer suddenly vanished into wisps of smoke as though they had never been there, leaving behind a half dead, charred demon.

As the final embers of its life flickered out, the cobra demon couldn't pull its gaze away from Leonel's.

Just… which of them was the demon, exactly?

Standing there, as sickly as could be, with barely the strength to even stand, Leonel still somehow felt like a monster it shouldn't have dared to stand against.

…

At that moment, outside the battlegrounds of top 10 versus demon, the sound of shrieking resounded through the demon world.

By this point, nine of the top ten had already exited, leaving Leonel as the only one left. Two of these top three had joined up with Thaela as they were members of the Endless Twilight Pavilion.

However, right this moment, all three were in a bloody mess. Their clothes were shredded to pieces, their tender bodies an unrecognizable, bloodied mess, and all of their lofty arrogance had shrunk to nearly nothing.

"DEMON!" THAELA SHRIEKED. "YOU'RE NOT A BLOOD SOVEREIGN, YOU'RE A DEMON! DEMON! DEMON!"

She seemed to have completely lost her mind, unable to even speak in coherent sentences.

Before her, a beauty of unspeakable proportions stood.

The white of this beauties eyes had turned completely black, her irises looking like a pool of blood.

On her back, at the level of her hips, a pair of black wings grew out where her venus dimples would have been.

Above her head, there was a jet black halo, and out from her tail bone, there was an incredibly thin and sharp tail that grew out like a menacing whip. A twin pair of horns curved out from her forehead, sparking with black lightning from time to time.

Her body was wrapped in floating black feathers that circulated around her, making it difficult to tell if she was wearing clothes at all. The hints of skin such an appearance revealed was enough to intoxicate all those who saw her, including even women.

"It was you… You drove him to such a state… You deserve… a life worse than death…"

A woman by Thaela's side crushed a talisman. This was already her 10th time doing so, but she kept trying again and again.

"Master! MASTER! CHAOS DEMONS HAVE INFILTRATED THE FIEND CLASS SECT—!"

Just then, the tail of the Chaos Demon whipped outward and a pink tongue flashed into the air, spinning about before plopping to the ground.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

This Chaos Demon swept a sorrowful gaze forward that quickly became frighteningly cold as though she was thinking of other methods to torture these three.

This Chaos Demon was none other than Aina Brazinger. 