Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel blinked. He looked Aina up and down, his gaze not giving much of his thoughts away.

Horns? Black halo? Wings at waist level? A tail? Black feather tornado in place of clothes? Big, really big, soft breasts… Wait, those had already been there before.

Leonel's gaze sparkled.

"First a vampire girlfriend, now a succubus girlfriend? Raj would be jealous enough to jump off the nearest cliff."

Leonel laughed so hard that his voice boomed across the skies, much of his power seemingly having returned to his body. He almost immediately began to play with Aina's wings and tail, just to make sure they were real and that he wasn't dreaming.

How had he hit such a jackpot?

As for Aina's embarrassment, he couldn't even be bothered with it. Funny enough, the first time Leonel learned that Aina could absorb the blood of others, she had reacted like this as well, scared of how he would take it. Clearly, she hadn't learned her lesson.

Leonel had two loves in life. Cool uniforms and monster girls. He could already envision Raj's furious howl at the unfairness of it all.

Aina squirmed, moving her hands from her face. Her winds and tail were exceptionally powerful in battle, but when Leonel touched them like that it made her feel odd sorts of stimulation she had never experienced before.

Quickly, she retracted it all, running away from Leonel's touch. At that moment, the black feathers rotating around her and hiding much of her decency shrank and latched onto her skin, becoming a gorgeous black full body armor that glided down the grace of her curves. If one looked closely, it almost looked as though she had forged this full body flexible armor out of the scales of a mighty black dragon.

Seeing Aina's tail, wings and horn all disappear at once, Leonel practically pouted.

"There should be laws against this kind of thing," he mumbled.

Aina was truly speechless when she heard this, but she couldn't help but break out into a smile. As expected, the one who always made her feel the most comfortable in her skin was Leonel.

Whether her face was scared, whether she could drink blood, whether she quite literally became a demon, he didn't even seem to care, nor did he ask how any of it had happened. He just continued to have that same childish grin on his face.

If not for the crossroads they had reached those years ago, just how deep would their relationship be right now? She simply couldn't see herself with any other man.

"Stop playing around, I haven't finished healing you yet."

Aina had barely managed to awaken Leonel. Even now, he was still quite sickly and had only regained enough energy to be somewhat lively, but not enough to return to his peak.

"Yes, ma'am," Leonel obediently placed his head on Aina's lap as though this was some sort of punishment.

Aina began the procedure once more, slowly nurturing Leonel step by step.

"Aren't you going to ask?" Aina asked after a while.

"Ask about what?" Leonel blinked.

Aina rolled her eyes. Sometimes this man was truly too dense.

"Oh? You mean about the succubus mommy—I mean demon morphing thing?"

Leonel coughed. It just slipped out, truly. They weren't even his words, nor did he have such a fetish. It was just something that Raj had repeated so many times he had subconsciously blurted them out. He was in a delirious half-dead state, he deserved this kind of free pass.

Aina burst into another fit laughter. "I didn't know you had such hidden fetishes. I was actually planning to learn the whip as my next weapon, are you interested?"

Leonel was speechless for a moment before we recovered.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"I think between the both of us, we know who the real masochist is."

Aina suddenly blushed profusely. She had never told Leonel that, did he just figure it out on his own?

Of course, in the past, Leonel's mind hadn't been sharp enough to pick up on it. But with his impeccable memory and his strengthened mind, he could easily see through things he hadn't been able to see through before. In this arena, he was undefeated.

However, what Aina didn't realise was that when Leonel said masochist, he was actually referring to Aina's training methods. But when she suddenly blushed like that, a spark went off in his Dreamscape that he couldn't ignore.

"Huh?" Leonel's brows shot up.

​ Leonel was about to say something, but he found a firm hand had been placed over his mouth and a murderous glint in Aina's eye as she looked down at him.

In the end, Leonel could only cough lightly and pretend as though he hadn't seen a single thing. But inwardly, he was grinning like a madman.

"It's the Silver Empire."

"Hm?"

Leonel looked up to meet Aina's again. She had gone back to focusing on helping him heal, but she still began to talk.

"When I was with my dad, I entered a Zone with the youths of the Three Pillar Sector. That was a remnant Zone of the dead Silver Empire. It was incredibly dangerous and very distorted, and we almost died. However, inside, I was able to receive a legacy that I didn't really fully understand.

"When I was meditating on the Blood Sovereign Gold Tablet, though, I finally made a breakthrough and I understood something. The things that had confused me about the original legacy finally made sense and it all clicked.

"When I took the legacy out to confirm, I realized that I was underground and you weren't there anymore. But when I broke out from the earth to try and find you, the legacy began to frenziedly absorb the Anarchic Force in this demon world and it resonated with something within me.

"I hadn't expected it to happen, because according to the legacy, it was exceptionally tyrannical and should have been difficult to grasp even with my comprehension. But something triggered that made it all happen automatically.

"Before I could understand what happened, my body had completely changed and the first genius I ran into here ran away screaming…

"That I'd become a Chaos Demon."

Leonel fell into silence… The Silver Empire?