Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel's heart skipped a beat when he saw what it was, but he also smiled bitterly inwardly. He hadn't even caught the faintest inkling that Thaela had an Innate Node. This meant that against him, she couldn't even be bothered to use it. It seemed that even though it seemed as though she had been going all out, her pride since caused her to hold back somewhat

Yet, it was this very same Thaela that was only ranked 13th and even ended up losing when she ganged up on the others with her two seniors. It was quite difficult to accept, even if this was a Zone based on a fairy tale like Leonel speculated.

In the end Leonel sighed.

"Fusing with Innate Nodes is too much of a crapshoot. Even after decades, Myghell couldn't even use a fraction of mine properly. I doubt this Innate Node will be very helpful to me," Leonel said lightly.

"Still, it suits you far better than it does me. Anyone who tries to fuse with a Dream Force Innate Node like that one without the affinity would be asking to suffer."

Leonel nodded lightly. That much was true. The only reason Myghell had even been able to make some use of his Innate Node was because he had high Light and Star Force affinity to begin with and he had the help of the Bronze Tablet to further help him and improve said Light affinity.

In addition, Myghell's Ability Index allowed him to devour and improve his affinities. So with innate Light and Star Force affinity, he just needed to focus on improving his Fire Force affinity. By then, it wasn't impossible for him to make good use of Leonel's Innate Node.

In fact, now that Leonel thought about it, Myghell's use of his Scarlet Star Force was actually still far beyond his own.

According to what he knew, Myghell had spent a very long time at the peak of the Fifth Dimension. Since he had no other methods to improve, he focused everything on improving his Lineage Factor and studying "his" Innate Node.

The result of that was quite magical. Even in the Fifth Dimension, he was able to kill the Patriarch of the Viola who had been nearing the peak of the Sixth Dimension with a single strike. This was something even the current Leonel wasn't entirely certain he could accomplish.

Back then, Myghell hadn't even circulated Scarlet Star Force, he simply sent out a sword strike. In fact, it wasn't even in his strongest state. Back then, he had used his flexible sword, but his strongest weapon was a heavy sword. In addition, he hadn't revealed his White Stone Elephant Lineage Factor either. And yet, he was able to display so much strength.

It was clear that Myghell's years of meditation on Leonel's Innate Node had yielded some excellent benefits. If not for Leonel taking his Innate Node and severing his path forward, it was hard to tell just how powerful Myghell would be now.

Leonel sighed. He actually felt quite bad about that looking back.

Back then, he was still furious about a number of things, so although he did see Myghell's perspective, he still didn't care to cater to it too much. It could be said that his mind was still in quite some disarray.

'I was… No, I still am too immature.'

Leonel looked up into the skies, clutching the Innate Node.

"Leonel? Are you okay?"

Aina seemed to notice that something was off.

Leonel looked toward Aina, his eyes softening and a sudden overwhelming feeling overcoming him. He reached out and grabbed her waist, pressing his lips to hers.

​ Aina was taken aback, but still melted into Leonel's embrace.

Maybe only the two of them could be so carefree amidst a liter of corpses, flesh and blood around them.

When Leonel pulled back, Aina seemed to be out of breath, her gaze misty as she looked up at him. Her heart bloomed with happiness, feeling as though she was walking on air.

"Let's leave this place," Leonel said lightly.

Aina nodded. But quite frankly, it seemed that she would have nodded just the same even if Leonel's words had asked her to walk into the fiery pits of hell with him. Although they didn't exchange such words, it was clear that both of them had the resolve to follow the other to the ends of the earth.

Leonel waved a hand and claimed Thaela's spatial ring, finding a vial of blood within it. After a small procedure, he finally finished what he needed to and a portal appeared, transporting both himself and Aina away with a single step. Since the process was so elaborate to begin with, they didn't need to exchange any points at all.

When their eyes cleared, the two found themselves in a room of white marble. White marble floors, ceiling, walls, and counters.

There didn't seem to be anything in this space, but it only took a single sweep for Leonel to find several complex and hidden Force Arts. It seemed that this place worked similarly to how the odd space he had first met Uncle Montez in. If he wanted something, he would have to ask for it.

Leonel's eyes narrowed, this made things more complicated. It would be easy to miss out on things like this, that would be unfortunate.

He had already birthed a certain phobia of missing out on things ever since he stepped into the Dimensional Verse. However, with this thought in mind Leonel's gaze only sharpened. With his mind working even faster, he wanted to see if there was really anything he would miss out on.

He had enough points to rank in the top ten, and Aina had just killed three top 13 individuals. Between the two of them, they had more points than even first place by quite a large margin. There shouldn't be anything they wouldn't be able to exchange for.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

'First, let's start with the absolute necessity. After that, we'll go through all the things we need one by one, and if we run out of Demon Points, we'll order them priority and only buy the top of the list first.'

Leonel nodded to himself and spoke. "Show me all of your Seventh Star Spatial Force Ores with extremely stable chemical structures and sturdiness."