Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel smiled when he saw the selections. The prices were better than he thought. Even the most expensive was a shade under a billion or so. Since his and Aina's wealth amounted to nearly two trillion, this could be considered chump change.

'Excellent.'

Leonel didn't need to pick the most powerful here, he just needed the one most compatible with his current materials. After picking out an Ore that went by the name of Starlight Spatial Ward, a Domain Type Ore which was known for its defensive spatial abilities, Leonel nodded to himself.

With this secured, their escape from this Zone was guaranteed. It would all depend on him, but he didn't even consider for a single moment that he would fail. His calculations should be correct.

"Aina."

"Hm?"

"Because we have to ask for the things we want to appear, it'll be easy to miss out on things if we aren't careful. And we also have a limited number of funds. Though the ore was inexpensive comparatively speaking, I doubt that things will remain like this. So let's test things one by one and make a list. Once we run out of ideas, we can order things based on priority and buy the things we really need first."

"Okay, I agree." Aina nodded.

"What do you need?"

Aina's gaze flickered. "I have my hands full with the Blood Sovereign Tablet. The methods and techniques within it are almost too numerous and I need to start from the very basics and work my way up. I have a feeling that the secrets of Force manipulation you were talking about would be revealed step by step so long as I'm patient too, so I'm not very interested in techniques, or at least not supplemental techniques or ones that provide auxiliary boosts to power.

"If I were to choose techniques, they would be for my battle ax. Everything else is covered in the Blood Sovereign Tablet.

"Also my body has a ridiculous amount of potential right now after it underwent that evolution, I even feel that my Abyssal Panther bloodline was purged. I can't sense it anymore, so I don't feel like I need Fiend Class Force Pills either…"

"What about your mental coercion?" Leonel asked.

"That…" Aina hesitated. "… I believe the Blood Sovereign Tablet talks about it as well. In fact, half of the Tablet is related to that."

"I see…" Leonel nodded.

It really did seem that Aina had all of her bases covered. And although she mentioned battle ax techniques, she didn't seem very interested in them either. Aina didn't seem to like to be restrained by techniques and her fighting style was incredibly free flowing.

Leonel fell into his thoughts. It seemed that it would be difficult to find things that it would make sense to give Aina.

In the past, he wanted her to take more advantage of her bloodline absorption abilities, but now that she had gained the body of a Chaos Demon, even that was no longer necessary.

"An Innate Node, maybe?" Leonel suddenly asked.

Aina raised an eyebrow. "Is that even possible?"

Leonel laughed. "Why not try? Show us your Innate Nodes."

Leonel didn't actually expect much, but his breathing hitched in the next second. Just what kind of Zone was this?!

Before him, an array of Innate Nodes appeared. While none of them were on the level of his Scarlet Star Force Innate Node, there was no doubt that each one would cause a war in the Human Domain. Innate Nodes were so incredibly rare, how could they just casually appear here in such numbers?

Soon, Leonel calmed.

Things still weren't so exaggerated. There were a little under two dozen of them, and even the best of them was only of Sixth Dimensional Forces. Still, Leonel couldn't help but be shocked, especially since they were only about 10 billion Demon Points each.

None of these were worth trading for Aina and none were worthy of her level of talent, but this sudden change really shifted Leonel's perspective. This world… it could accomplish things he could even properly fathom. If it could manifest so many Innate Nodes for him to choose from, then just what kind of things could he exchange for here?!

This would absolutely change everything.

It suddenly struck Leonel. If there were so many Innate Nodes here, then maybe…?

"Show me your Innate Node incorporation methods."Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Leonel waited, staring daggers at the counters of marble, and just as expected, the lights began to flash one by one.

"They really do exist…" Leonel whispered, turning his gaze to Aina.

The two looked toward one another and smiled. It seemed that there were truly higher level methods of fusing with Innate Nodes that existed. This meant that Thaela's Innate Node wouldn't have to go to waste. In addition, if Leonel ran into any enemies with Innate Nodes in the future, he would be able to pass them along to his brothers and friends.

The prices of these methods made Leonel's heart ache somewhat, though. While he didn't have to pick the most expensive of the others, when it came to techniques, the more expensive, the higher quality it was.

In this case, the most expensive one here was just over 100 billion. That was already a 20th of Leonel and Aina's wealth if they traded for it.

Leonel shook his head and added it to a mental list. In all likelihood, he would definitely have to buy such a thing. Thaela's Innate Node was truly too compatible with him, but if he casually fused with it like Myghell had with his own, then it would end up becoming a hindrance instead of a help.

It had to be remembered that while Myghell had been a step away from the Sixth Dimension for so long, the Innate Node within him was still Fourth Dimensional. This showed the problem with a poor fusion method.

"Alright, this can definitely be added to this list. What else?" Leonel's gaze turned serious.

"Why don't you look for things that can help your Tentacle Womb and the golden-scaled koi fish to evolve? They're still too limited by their current strength."

Hearing Aina's words, Leonel's gaze lit up. 