Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Indeed. The abilities of the Tentacle Womb and the Golden Scaled Koi Fish were astounding, but the limitations were too great. In order to garner real benefits from them, it would take decades, maybe even centuries of effort.

If Leonel had the behemoth of the Morales family behind him, it would be easy to invest that kind of time. But if he wanted such a thing, he would first need to earn it, which would ironically require the help of the Tentacle Womb and Golden Scaled Koi Fish to begin with.

While Leonel was quite confident in his own power, the talent of the Morales family Heirs wasn't to be looked down upon.

Leonel felt that he should probably be able to contend with Sector Ranked disciples now, but not all Sector Ranked disciples were created equal, especially not Sector Ranked disciples that were from the Morales family of all families.

There was a reason the Morales family was considered to be maybe the strongest family of the Human Domain. To share both their Lineage Factors in one body was a testament to the fact you wielded great talent, and yet that was just the prerequisite to fight for the right to be an Heir.

In truth, had Leonel not improved his own strength so much, the gap might have been too large to even think of crossing. Now that he had, though, he finally stood a great chance.

Even so, this was just the perspective of individual power. When it came to factions and backing, Leonel was even further behind than that.

The majority of Leonel's brothers hadn't even been able to enter the Void Palace, his maternal family was a mere Sixth Dimensional family, and the faction that he was still trying to build up with the Oryx and the Umbra family was still in an extremely fledgling state.

The Oryx hadn't even really chosen to follow him yet and he could only be considered to have the backing of one of their princes. And the Umbra family was far weaker than even the Luxnix, at least on the surface.

It had to be remembered that the Umbra family was one that had broken away from the Three Finger Cult and they had the first stage of the Dark half of Leonel's Lineage Factor, the Shadow Tail Lineage Factor.

The power they had should mostly be hidden since they had managed to run from the Three Finger Cult, but this also meant that making use of them was a double edged sword.

To make matters worse, Leonel knew too little about how his cousins were fairing. What was the depth of their strength? What trump cards did they hold? He didn't even really understand them.

All he knew was that his first cousin, First Nova, had done him a favor by influencing the Void Senate. This meant that he had connections far loftier than Leonel could imagine.

Then there was Fourth Nova who had tied Aina to that contract. It seemed that Leonel had easily foiled him, but despite the fact Fourth Nova had had a year to make another move and did nothing, it made Leonel wonder if his true goal was really to poach away Aina at all.

Leonel was right to worry about such things. There was still Second Nova who had a ridiculously wide reconnaissance network that had managed to find out that Third Nova was scheming against the Unfettered Blade Party to deal with the Stalwart Polearm Party… And yet Leonel hadn't even detected Second Nova even once, nor did any of them know what Third Nova had been planning that day when he forced Leonel's batch into the Rapax Nest.

Each one seemed more mysterious than the last and even if Leonel felt confident in at least defeating some of them in one on one combat, what good was that in an Heir War that tested one in all aspects? Not to mention the fact that even he wouldn't say that he could defeat them all.

Then there was still Fifth and Sixth Nova on top of that!

The Void Palace had very few records on the Morales family's Heir Wars, at least not in any real detail. However, the things they had described made it clear that the name War was not chosen lightly. When the Morales Heir Wars began, it would sweep up the whole Human Domain.

Just take the Valiant Heart Mountain organization as an example. An organization so far away, and so many galaxies separated from the Morales family, had actually participated as well.

When things were looked at like this, Leonel was so far behind that it was hard to put in just a few words.

So when he heard what Aina said, he nodded immediately.

"Show me what you have to improve beasts."ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Leonel already had the Silver Tablet, so he had a shortcut to evolving the two of them. But he didn't allow this to cloud his judgment. He wanted to first understand what methods this world had so that he didn't bias the suggestions too much.

But in choosing to do things this way, Leonel quickly realized that he had actually made his ask far too broad. There were too many things and most of them didn't even have what he needed.

Taking his time, Leonel asked question after question, narrowing down the lists before him and making adjustments based on what appeared. Eventually, he came to a few solutions.

The first was that refined demons were a viable option here. Much like refined demon Force Pills helped him and Aina, they would also be able to help here as well.

The second option was the Beast Crystals of like beasts. This was an excellent option as well, especially when paired with the Silver Tablet.

Usually, absorbing Beast Crystals only came with a percentage chance of receiving the effects you wanted, but the Silver Tablet made it guaranteed. This was how Leonel was able to give Gil his crimson lightning.

The third option was fascinating as well, and it was the most complex. However, if it worked, its benefits would be the greatest… And that was to allow the Tentacle Womb and Golden Scaled Koi Fish to form Star Runes. 