Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"A hundred billion? That's quite steep. Can't you do the same thing with your connection with them?" Aina asked.

Every beast and master had a connection between them, this formation just seemed like an unnecessary step. In addition, they already likely had to allocate a 100 billion to the Innate Node fusion method, so they had to be cautious with what they spent the rest of their Demon Points on.

"There's a connection between beast and master, yes, but it's quite vague. For example, I can't understand exactly what Little Blackstar is saying, I can only try to decipher it based on the emotions he's sending my way. Sending something as complicated as a Mantra would be impossible.

"At the same time, the comprehension abilities of beasts are often based on their innate instincts. If I wanted them to learn a human created technique like this one, it would be impossible. The only other way would be to have them naturally comprehend Star Runes on their own, but how could that be possible?"

Aina nodded slowly. "Then what about the Star Runes themselves? How will they use Star Runes without Stars? Will you teach them [Dimensional Cleanse] with this formation as well?"

"No, I'm going to use a different method. According to this, it's possible to inscribe it directly onto their Beast Crystals, I just need to guide the process. Doing so will cause a qualitative change in their combat strength."

"Mm," Aina nodded again. She didn't really doubt Leonel, she just couldn't help but smile when he explained things.

The path beasts took was inherently different from that of humans. For example, beasts were much more reliant on their Ability Indexes.

"Since we're on the topic of beasts, I should probably also try to find something that will help Little Blackstar. He absorbed a Shadow Sovereign, so his Ability Index is much more powerful now that it was in the past, and before that he also absorbed Void Beast blood. The little guy is already very powerful because of that so there's really not much to do outside of helping him inscribe some Darkness Star Runes on his Beast Crystal."

"Maybe ask about Shadow Sovereigns specifically," Aina said.

Leonel nodded. That made sense. In fact, not that he thought about it, it would be good if they found out more about Sovereigns in general.

After asking and sifting through the items that appeared, Leonel was surprised to find that the root of Sovereignty was actually in a Domain.

The Shadow World of the Shadow Sovereigns, the Spear Domains of Spear Sovereigns, and Blood Domain of Blood Sovereigns. Being a Sovereign meant having such an innate Domain of your own, one that you could pull strength from whenever you wanted.

Outside of this, though, the similarities between Sovereigns mostly came to a stop and each had their own methods of improving and their own uniqueness.

For example, Shadow Sovereign could absorb other Shadow Sovereigns. Blood Sovereigns could absorb blood to change their very constitution. Spear Sovereigns made all spears useless before them except in the face of another Spear Sovereign. The abilities were wide ranging and they manifested in different ways. The only thing linking them was dominion over a certain domain.

Leonel didn't end up finding anything Blackstar absolutely had to have, but he learned a lot more about this enigmatic Sovereign title he kept hearing so much about before moving on.

"Wait…" Leonel's gaze flashed. "Show me materials related to making Sovereigns."

It was a shot in the dark, but Leonel felt that it was possible.

If he was correct, the Spear Domain ring's real purpose was to create Spear Sovereigns, that was why that woman had mistaken him to be one. In addition, the abilities of a Shadow Sovereign seemed to be something you could pass along since they could be absorbed between them. Maybe if there was a catalyst, you could take the ability for yourself.

Surprisingly, the shop really did have items of what Leonel needed.

The first thing Leonel saw was a book called [Path of the Spear]. There were all sorts of books here named just like this but for different weapons as well. They were too expensive, just tens of millions of Demon Points.

Leonel concluded from this that these books weren't rare, but considering the fact there weren't Spear Sovereigns running around everywhere, it obviously wasn't a simple task even if you had one. Just from their introduction, Leonel felt that they were far inferior to his Spear Domain Heirloom in this respect.

However, he still added them to the list because this systematic method of progression might contain secrets he could use to comprehend how to improve his other Forces as well. In addition, they would help his brothers.

Of course, he was also very interested in how to organically become a Bow Sovereign as well. If there was anyone who could do it, he felt like he should probably be at the top of the list.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

After another scan, Leonel realized that there was nothing here about becoming a Blood Sovereign. It seemed that it was likely impossible to do so without being born one, or at the very least, they didn't have such methods here or they weren't willing to sell them.

It also seemed, unfortunately, that this was also the case for Shadow Sovereignty. From the looks of it, only weapon Sovereigns could be "created", but even then, you needed great talent and affinity for the weapon to begin with.

Still, Leonel was satisfied with adding those books to the list. He had a feeling that their comprehensive explanation of the path of weapons would be far better than anything he could find elsewhere.

'Like this, about 201 billion points are allocated for what's already on the list, so that's 10% of our budget gone already…'

Leonel's eyes narrowed. There was nothing he could do about how quickly the funds were disappearing, he could only press forward and take what he could get.

"Show me everything you have related to Scarlet Star Force," Leonel said.

The Human Class Sector hadn't had anything like this, but maybe the Fiend Class Sector would. If not, he would also check everything they had related to Emulation Spatial Force.

Since he was already starting way behind in the Force Manipulation game, he had to try to learn as much as he could.

When the counter flashed and the items began to appear, Leonel's brows rose slowly. 