Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

As for the remaining Forces, Leonel found the Mantras for them all and added them to the list. By the time he was done, another 500 billion Demon Points had been potentially allocated for a total of 700 billion.

Of this 500 billion, 200 billion was for the Void Star Force Mantra Fragment, but surprisingly, another 200 billion was allocated toward Vital Star Force.

The Mantra for Vital Star Force cost 100 billion. Luckily, it was completed. But Leonel also allocated another 100 billion to a technique that caught his attention. The technique was called [Vital Forge]. It used Vital Star Force and recreated effects similar to what Leonel had experienced in the [Dimensional Cleanse] trial world.

It created an exceptionally heavy atmosphere and it took advantage of the great density of Vital Star Force to push other Forces away.

This technique could be used one of two ways.

The first was the most obvious, and that was as a domain of sorts. Much like the [Dimensional Cleanse] world, it was a great suppressive tactic.

The second, though, was the real reason Leonel chose it, and that was because it could be used as a training method.

What drew Leonel to it wasn't the fact that he could use it on himself, but rather that he could use it on others to slowly push out more of their potential. If this was used in conjunction with refined demons, the benefits would be even more outstanding.

In addition, demons were a limited commodity. Although Leonel and Aina had killed hundreds, they would eventually run out. Using this method, though, there would be a method of continuously improving his friends and subordinates.

In fact, there was even a method within this technique to set up a formation so that Leonel wouldn't have to act personally.

As for the remaining 100 billion, it was used on the other Forces, including rudimentary Mantra that touched upon the simplest of the elements. Everything from Fire all the way to Space. These Mantras were the simplest and most wide ranging.

Leonel had added these to the list for two reasons. Firstly, he would have all his bases covered when it came to the Mantras his people would need. And, secondly, there was a small chance he might be able to find a method to combine the effects to gain what he needed.

For example, if he took the Fire Mantra, Light Mantra and Star Mantra, and managed to fuse them, could he get something close to what he needed for his Scarlet Star Force?

It wasn't likely since there was more than one Fire-Light-Star Force in existence just like there was an Aurora Star Force to the existing Chaotic Particle Force, both of which were Earth-Dark-Star Forces. But, Leonel thought that it was worth a try.

Within this price, Leonel had also gotten a Mantra for Aina. With the Blood Sovereign Tablet, Aina didn't need Life Force, Blood Force, or what she called Coercion Force Mantras. But her new Chaos Body had come with the use of a top five Lightning Force known as Blaze Lightning Force.

The Blaze Lightning Force Mantra took up at least 20% of the price all on its own.

'700 billion used up, potentially… This leaves about 1.3 trillion remaining.'

The points were disappearing quite quickly, but Leonel could only sigh.

Until now, he had only added auxiliary items and there was nothing that directly increased his strength or survivability, at least not without time.

The good news was that such things should probably be cheaper. It only made sense that techniques, formation methods and mantras would be more expensive than usual treasures.

'Alright, it seems like with all that out of the way, I can focus on more tangible resources now. That choice I made should pay off now…'Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

The choice Leonel was referring to was something that happened while he was being eaten alive. While the experience was absolutely horrible, it also provided him with an opportunity.

The first opportunity was watching his body be reconstructed once again from the ground up. He had memorized that process in its entirety, down to the smallest detail, so his comprehension of his body, his Lineage Factors, and how they interacted was on a whole other level.

The second opportunity was related to his Divine Armors.

Usually, Leonel's Divine Armors would regenerate along with himself. But this time, he chose to purposely shatter the kernels they represented. Not only did he shatter them, but he also undid the work he had gone through with his Metal Body as well.

Right now, Leonel's body had lost much of its metallic properties and he could be considered to just be a normal Sixth Dimensional existence without an added boost to bodily strength.

Being eaten alive was horrible, but it allowed Leonel to hit the reset and undo many of the mistakes he had in the past.

The first thing he wanted to do was rebuild his affinities. He had originally built his Metal Body to resist his Scarlet Star Force. This was a poor choice on his part and clashed with his Divine Armors.

The best function of Metal Body and Divine Armor was in building affinities, and they worked the best together. But Leonel already had a high fire and light affinity, but he wasted his Metal Body in consuming more to increase it even further.

He had taken the wrong approach to begin with.

And second, he wanted to rebuild his Divine Armors.

Originally, his first Divine Armor was heavily reliant on spatial affinities, and his second was more of a Water Force and Spatial Force fusion. They didn't stack well together and that was a problem.

In addition, if Leonel fused with Thaela's Innate Node perfectly, then he wouldn't need his Divine Armors to provide him Spatial Force affinity any longer since he would now have dominion over a top five Spatial Force.

So, Leonel had already decided what he would do.

He would rebuild his Metal Body based on Water Force and Vital Star Force.

He would then rebuild his Divine Armors with his current level of skill around these two Forces as well.

The multiplicative stacking effect would be able to bring out the true power of his Metal Synergy Bloodline, and he had a whole shop worth of stuff to scoop up.

It would never be easier for Leonel to gather up the materials he needed than right now. 