Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel didn't want to have to get eaten again to gain another opportunity like this one. If it wasn't for his mental fortitude and his powerful mind, he may very well have lost his sanity entirely. So, no matter  what, he had to get things right this time.

He chose Water Force and Vital Star Force after much deliberation, but he felt like it was the right choice to make.

The choice of Water was the most obvious. It was the one affinity that he really needed that he didn't have.

During the reconstruction of his body, he realized that Aina had been very correct. He had a very strong Dark Force affinity, one that he didn't quite understand even now. In fact, it wasn't just Dark Force, it was something else that he couldn't seem to grasp fully.

He didn't know why this was, but he had a feeling that it was related to his father's appearance that day in the Rapax Next. He would have to wait until that old man appeared again to ask, or he would have to see if the dictionary had an answer for him. Who knew, maybe his father had left him behind another one of those messages?

This aside, of the three Forces that made up Void Star Force, the one that Leonel didn't have was Water Force. He needed to focus more on increasing its strength and only then would he be able to build up to creating the Void Star Force armor he wanted to.

In addition to this, aside from Earth Force, Water Force was maybe the greatest at defense. In fact, the two Forces were usually neck in neck, having an equivalent number of Forces between the two of them that had excellent defensive prowess.

If Leonel restructured his body with an Earth Force and Water Force fusion, its defenses would be even more exaggerated than it had been in the past. Not only would he be able to resist blows, but even for the ones he couldn't just outright tank, he would be able to disperse them and weaken their impact. He could maximize these effects as well by choosing Water Force Ores that were especially known for such abilities too.

When it came to Vital Star Force, while Leonel's general Star Force affinity was exceptionally high thanks to his Scarlet Star Force, he didn't have a specific affinity for Vital Star Force itself. Due to this, while his ability to use Vital Star Force was far above his ability to use Void Star Force, it wasn't as high as it could be.

If put into perspective, Leonel's Fire Force affinity was at an 11 on a scale of 1 to 10. His Light Force affinity was at a 10 on that same scale and his Star Force affinity was between an 8 and 9. However, his affinity for Vital Star Force specifically was at around a 6 to a 7.

This was actually quite excellent and far more than the vast majority of people. But Leonel felt that he would greatly benefit by raising that number to a 9 and maybe even potentially a 10 in the future.

The reason that Leonel was lacking in Vital Star Force affinity was because it was one part Life Force and one part Star Force, and he very much lacked in Life Force. So, in reality, it was much more accurate to say that Leonel would be building up his Metal Body with Life Force related Ores instead to slowly boost his affinity.

As he did so, his [Star Fusion] self-created technique would gain far more strength, and rather than just boosting his body, it would even gain the ability to directly boost the strength of his Divine Armor as well.Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Evolution Ore, when fused into Leonel's Divine Armor, gave it an ability to transcend its level, but it was still only in a quasi state. After all, it couldn't truly give a Fifth Dimensional ore the strength of a Sixth Dimensional one.

However, if the effects of the Evolution Ore were stacked with Leonel's [Star Fusion] ability, the results would be truly transcendent. At that point, so long as Leonel summoned his armor and activated [Star Fusion], it would truly be like his Metal Body had crossed a Dimensional barrier to the next level.

When this was combined with Leonel's breakthrough in Force Crafting, the Morales family's Divine Armor technique would truly begin to display might it never had before.

The Ores Leonel needed for his Third, Fourth, Fifth and Sixth Dimensional Metal Body and Divine Armor were all dirt cheap in comparison to the things he had been buying previously. In fact, he even managed to find a large supply of Evolution Ore here for just as cheap.

Thanks to his mother, Leonel already had a set of Sixth Dimension Evolution Ore, so he didn't need to trade for them. This was a good thing because past this point, things really began to get expensive.

It had to be remembered that Sixth Dimension Evolution Ore could allow a Sixth Dimensional Ore to display Seventh Dimensional properties, so it was already valued at a Seventh Dimensional level. This was why it was so shocking that Leonel's mother had managed to get him a full batches worth.

This meant that Seventh Dimensional Evolution Ore was valued at an Eighth Dimensional level. Leonel found a batch here to trade for to help future proof himself, but the cost was steep at 500 billion Demon Points.

This just went to show just how rare Evolution Ores were. Many of the other things on Leonel's list had Ninth Dimensional secrets within them, but they still weren't expensive. The Mantras, for example, all had enough chants and Force Arts within to produce Ninth Dimensional Star Runes, and yet they were only a fraction of the price.

Though, to be fair, just a fragment of the Scarlet Star Force Mantra was 200 billion.

Leonel grit his teeth and added the Seventh Dimensional Evolution Ore nearer to the bottom of the list. Everything else he needed, even the Seventh Dimensional Ores he had chosen for his Seventh Dimensional Divine Armor in the future didn't even amount to 10 billion, but the Evolution Ores alone were actually so expensive.