Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Ultimately, the Seventh Dimension was still too far away for Leonel. If he could afford it in the end, he would buy it. But he wouldn't tank his chances at everything else just to secure something he wouldn't be able to use for years.

He was still very happy that he had gathered up so many materials. He wouldn't need to worry about anything. When he got the time and Little Tolly back, he would be able to calmly Craft. By then, his strength should increase by leaps and bounds.

When Leonel got to this point, he was tempted to see what he could get in this world about Force Crafting, but then an idea flashed in his mind.

"Show me what you have related to army and empire building."

Aina nodded by Leonel's side, she agreed with this too. Although she no longer called Leonel "My King" as her point had long since already been made, that didn't mean that she had changed her mind. She wanted to see him rise to the top as well, and right now, she was well aware of just how far behind his cousins he was.

In addition, Aina felt that it would be naïve to believe that only she and Leonel would manage to gain something from this place. If Leonel's cousins were great geniuses like everyone seemed to say they were, then in all likelihood, they would manage to find a way to benefit as well.

If Leonel didn't take this opportunity, he might not receive another one that was as good.

'As expected…' Leonel mumbled to himself as he scanned through the items.

The vast majority here were formation type items as this would be the foundation of most powerful empires. If you didn't have a strong large scale Force Art, capable of pulling from the atmosphere and protecting your territory, it would be all too easy for others to infiltrate and cripple your foundation.

What Leonel hadn't expected, though, was for there to be Force Arts for armies as well. He had only casually thrown the additional like in as he also wanted something that bolstered his subordinate's battle prowess, but this was greatly unexpected.

'So this is possible too…? It must work on concepts of resonance a lot like grandpa's music phase of spear mastery. I keep running into this concept again and again, to think that it could be applied like this…'

These army formations went by many names, but the most commonly used was the term Heart Link.

Heart Link Force Arts could exist as separate entities, but they could still be considered like parts of a single whole. As such, they had two stages, the normal stage and the linked stage.

Leonel obviously couldn't see the full network of Force Arts since he would have to outright buy them for that, but with his knowledge of Force Arts, he could make guesses by using the descriptions and the sneak previews.

Heart Link Force Arts essentially fused the power of multiple practitioners into a single focal point, forming a large and powerful army formation capable of destroying everything in its path.

However, they weren't cheap. Even the most inexpensive one here was just 10 billion. The most expensive one, though, was over 10 trillion Demon Points, crushing Leonel's budget by five times.

When Leonel saw this, he was, quite frankly, speechless. He and Aina had the most points of anyone when their wealth was combined, but they still couldn't afford something in this shop.

Maybe the most shocking part was that this 10 trillion Demon Point Heart Link Formation was only designed for up to 100 Seventh Dimensional existences to use at once. This meant that despite its price tag, it couldn't even be used by those with Eighth Dimensional strength or above because the system would be overloaded.

In comparison, the cheapest one could be used by up to 100 000 Fifth Dimensional existences at once. It was clear and obvious that size truly didn't matter in this case. For there to be such an enormous price difference, there had to be a reason.

When reading the description, though, the answer was obvious.

The 10 trillion Demon Point formation only needed 100 Tier 1 Seventh Dimensional existences to wield the power of a Tier 1 Eighth Dimensional existence. And, if you managed to gather 100 Tier 9 Seventh Dimensional existences, then you would have the power of a Tier 9 Eighth Dimensional existence.

The cheapest formation was similar, but it required 100 000 individuals to jump up an entire Dimension.

Of course, it was easier to find 100 000 Fifth Dimensional existences than it was to find 100 000 Seventh Dimensional existences. But odds were, if you had such a number of Fifth Dimensional existences willing to listen to your commands, then you also weren't lacking in Sixth Dimensional existences either and this Heart Link Force Art would be more like a cherry on the top for you.

This also didn't mention the weakness of the cheapest formation either, and that was that twofold. Firstly, it wasn't plug and play and required comprehension on the part of the soldiers. And secondly, all 100 000 had to have the same affinity.

These affinities didn't have to be exactly the same, but they had to share the same base element. Meaning, you had to have 100 000 existences with Fire Force affinity, for example.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

The most expensive formation didn't have these drawbacks. So long as you built the army's armors to the proper specifications and the users had the appropriate strength, that was all the requirements you needed to meet.

Of course, the worst part about both of these Heart Link Force Arts was that having the Force Art was just the beginning. These Force Arts would obviously need to be drawn on something, and that something would be armors.

In order to withstand the power of such a resonance, these armors wouldn't be cheap either. So, even if Leonel had 10 trillion Demon Points to spend, he would need another 10 trillion or so to build the 100 armors he would need.

Plus, that didn't address the biggest elephant in the room: he himself wasn't in the Seventh Dimension, where would he get 100 such existences from, exactly? If he had such powerful subordinates, would he even need to worry about this Heir War to begin with?