Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

"That's unfortunate…" Aina said lightly.

However, when she looked toward Leonel, all she saw was a wild grin.

"It's not unfortunate at all. In fact, I'm at least 80% certain that I can create my own. I understand the principle behind it already, and I think I have the skill to surpass this by a large margin."

Aina blinked, her gaze sparkling. She didn't doubt Leonel, he wasn't one to speak without cause. In fact, he usually preferred to not speak at all. It could be said that if it wasn't for their relationship, he would have just kept this to himself, quietly calculating until he figured it all out.

"I have a feeling that these aren't the best formations this world has to offer. With their comprehension of Force Manipulation, they should have Force Crafting leagues beyond what I can do currently.

"Look at this one here," Leonel pointed to the most expensive one. "It looks grand and imposing, but the truth is though they require Seventh Dimensional existences, the actual design for the base armor the army would use is just for a set of 100 Silver Grade armors. Although they use higher class materials to make up for it, such a shoddy design couldn't possibly step into the Gold Grade, let alone the Life Grade."

The Black Grade was the Fourth Dimensional equivalent, and likewise, the Silver Grade was Sixth Dimensional, the Gold Grade Seventh, and the Life Grade Eighth.

This formation required Seventh Dimensional existences, and even the armors used Seventh Dimensional materials, and even some Eighth, but Leonel still evaluated the overall product as Silver Grade.

"It's clear that whoever created this Heart Link Force Art is an expert in formations, but when it comes to Force Crafting, they're very lacking. So, to make up for their weaknesses, they could only throw money at the problem, using very expensive materials to make up for lack of skill and foreplanning."

Aina's gaze flickered.

Right now, Leonel was casually commenting on Silver Grade and above Grade armors, but wasn't he too in the Sixth Dimension? What stage had his Force Crafting reached, exactly?

"Did you… become a Gold Grade Force Crafter?" Aina asked.

"Gold grade?" Leonel paused for a moment before smiling mysteriously. "… Strictly speaking, I can create Life Grade items now."

Aina's brows jumped, her heart beating erratically.

Life Grade? Wasn't that Eighth Dimensional? How was that even possible?

Leonel laughed. "You probably think that I mean I can create Eighth Dimensional items, right? No, I can't do that. But my creations could display prowess far above the level of the materials I used to create them, that much is certain.

"I just view things differently now. Black Grade, Bronze Grade, Silver Grade, Gold Grade, Life Grade? I don't think that there are so many categories of weapons and treasures as I see it. To me, there's only what is Life Grade and what isn't."T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Leonel's eyes sparkled like the radiant beams of the sun. If it wasn't for the fact the demon world had no materials to use, would he even have been put in such a sorry situation?

Absolutely not.

"You mean…" Aina whispered softly.

"I mean that what separates Life Grade and Gold Grade is an item that is so perfect it transcends the individual materials used to create it to form a new whole. This item forms a "spirit" a lot like True State Forces have "personalities" of their own because it becomes a supremely unique existence of its own, a new Life… if you will.

"I just mean that regardless of the Dimension, I'm certain that I can create Crafts that can reach that state."

Leonel shifted his gaze from Aina and looked back toward the most expensive Heart Link formation.

"According to this, the armors that are needed are Quasi Life Grade. But I'm pretty certain you could throw any Eighth Dimensional material into a Crafting process and then call it Quasi Life Grade because by virtue of its existence alone, the weapon would be supremely powerful.

"But as I see it, it's just all fake nonsense. This can't be considered Quasi Life Grade, at best, it's Silver Grade.

"Right now, the only thing holding me back from Crafting high level Silver Grade Crafts and beyond is my own weakness. My Force isn't powerful enough, my Finger Designation is still too low, and Little Tolly is still an infant.

"In the future, though, I don't think I'll experience any bottlenecks in Force Crafting until I reach the True Life Grade and the Eighth Dimension."

"I see…" Aina nodded.

If things were as Leonel said, then it really wouldn't be difficult for him at all to create his own formation. Now that he knew it existed, he could form his own.

Although he couldn't be able to make one capable of using Seventh Dimensional existences due to his own weaknesses, he would definitely be able to make one that utilized Sixth Dimensional existences to battle Seventh Dimensional ones given some time.

In fact, Leonel was even thinking of forming a two-person Heart Link Force Art that could only be used by himself and Aina. Or maybe a two-person one that could resonate between himself and Little Blackstar.

And the best part about all of this was… He would finally get to create his own cool uniforms.

'A two person one could either be much less complicated or much more depending on how you look at it. It's obviously much easier to produce great strength with more people as opposed to less. But a two-person formation obviously has less variables as well.

'But this should work out nicely. With things like this, Aina won't have to sing in battle for us to resonate anymore. And, given our talent, our bodies can also take much more pressure than most army soldiers would be able to. This could definitely work well…'

Leonel nodded to himself and just let a section of his split minds handle the computations.

There was nothing else of interest among the items and he didn't need any empire formations just yet as he didn't even have a base of operations. In addition, since he would form his own Heart Link formation, he didn't care to add any of these to the list, so he simply moved on.

Now, he had less than 800 billion Demon points remaining and he had to make the most of it.

"Hm… Show me items related to Metal Spirits."