Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel could only grit his teeth and add the method to the list, leaving him with only 300 billion Demon Points. Of which, he used an extra 100 billion to allocate the materials he would need to help the process along, ultimately leaving him with 200 billion Demon Points he had yet to use.

Suddenly, Leonel felt very poor.

In truth, there was a chance that Little Tolly could mature naturally along the fourth path. In fact, all four of these evolution paths were available to all Metal Spirits. However, there was a reason that some were rarer than others. In order of rarity, the first was the most common, with the fourth path being the rarest to see.

Metal Spirits were rare already, but those that could naturally enter the fourth path were less than one in ten thousand, with the vast majority entering the first, about 10% entering the second, and about 1% entering the third.

Leonel simply couldn't leave his fate up to a 0.01% chance, so he had to take matters in his own hand.

The trouble was that it cost 600 billion Demon Points… He didn't even know where he would find a Force Eruption.

He had only experienced one in his lifetime, and that was back on Earth. However, obviously, he couldn't use a mere Fourth Dimensional Force Eruption. It had to at least be a Sixth Dimensional Force Eruption which was only likely to happen when a world was evolving from the Fifth Dimension to the Sixth.

Earth was obviously a great candidate for this as it would be entering the Sixth Dimension soon. But he would still have to rely on a bit of luck as he wouldn't exactly be able to predict where they would appear.

Leonel shook his head, there was no use in harping on these matters. He had 200 billion left and he had to see if he maximized it or if he would have to start shedding some things from his list.

"I think we should think about protective treasures. All of this will be useless if we can't protect our lives," Aina suddenly said. "And after that, we can take a look at the most sought after items here or maybe even the most expensive ones to see if there's anything that we absolutely have to have."

Leonel nodded. He agreed with this.

After filtering for protective treasures, he nodded. They were expensive, but they weren't ridiculously so. Even a one time protective item capable of blocking up to a Tier 1 Eighth Dimensional strike was only about 100 billion.

This made sense. After all, everything that Leonel was trading for could be considered foundations treasures and techniques for families and organizations, while such an item was just a protective treasure. Techniques and similar things would always be far more expensive.

If he got one for himself and Aina, that would make up for the remaining 200 billion they had left. But that wasn't strictly necessary. This was because the protective treasure formed by forming a protective sphere that couldn't crack until it was overloaded. Taking Aina with him, or vice versa, would essentially make sure the both were protected.

However, Leonel still put both on the list just in case of potential variables. If it came down to it, he would give up one and only buy one that he gave to Aina.

Leonel was of half a mind not to tempt himself any further, but he knew that if he didn't this there wouldn't have been a point to the list in the first place. He might as well have just bought everything outright.

"Show me the most popular items exchanged for by the Fiend Class geniuses."

Leonel's gaze flickered, focusing on the items that appeared. Since he had asked for something so narrow, it wasn't too surprising that only two items appeared.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

The first was a crystal ball. It looked completely inconspicuous and Leonel wouldn't have given it a second look if he saw it on a counter in a store. But when he read the description his brows couldn't help but jump

Focus Crystal – 10 billion.

The price was cheap, or at least relatively so. This made sense since it was the most popular item. If only the top 10 could trade for it, it wouldn't be much of a popular item at all.

According to the description, the Focus Crystal was a rare item used to refine Force. One poured their Force into it and it would come out purer. When used over a long period of time, this would purify the Force within your body, bringing it closer to the kind of Force one would only gain from Pure Force Crystals.

This was extremely similar to the ability of the golden scaled koi fish. The difference, though, lied in the fact that this crystal catalyzed changes within your body while the koi fish only did so with external Force and within its own body.

If one used a Focus Crystal daily, it would slowly improve one's affinity for one's element and it would even help one to increase one's understanding of one's Force. If used in conjunction with a Mantra, the results would be even better.

The only limitation of the Focus Crystal, and maybe the reason for its low price, was that it could only ever be used for one type of Force. Once it was used, it wouldn't be able to purify any other kind of Force, even if they shared the same element.

Leonel exhaled when he saw this. This was an item he definitely had to have. And he needed multiple of them for sure. And Aina would need at least one for her Blaze Thunder Force even if she didn't need it for her Blood Force and Life Force.

Even if he ignored his Lineage Factors, he would still need three for himself plus one for Aina, which would make 40 billion Demon Points.

Leonel shook his head and turned toward the second popular item before smiling bitterly.