Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The second item was a seemingly ordinary black rock.

Perfection Stone – 100 billion.

This rock's ability was very simple. It scanned a person and morphed into a clone. However, this clone would detect your weaknesses and fix them. The issue was that the rock wouldn't be able to communicate exactly what these issues were.

According to the description, it was a rock forged in a very famous Dream Force dense region. It was able to project the consciousness of the universe by simulating what it could have done with a talent of your caliber if you appeared in a Zone.

It would simulate your life based on your age and then form a clone that could be considered the perfected version of yourself.

The only way to slowly tease apart the details was to fight this rock again and again, not to mention getting beat up again and again. How could you defeat the perfect version of yourself?

It was only after reading these things that Leonel finally understood why it was that all the Dream Force related items in this place were so cheap. In fact, if not for this, let alone 100 billion, this Perfection Stone might not be able to be bought with even 100 trillion.

The description stated that this rock was a treasure of the Eternal Dream Pavilion. If Leonel was correct, this Eternal Dream Pavilion had subsidized many of the Dream Force items in this place.

According to his understanding, talents with exceptionally high Dream Force affinity were too rare, but this was precisely what the Pavilion demanded of their students.

Although they hadn't sent their students, they were still in the business of fostering Dream Force talents in hopes that more would appear. It was also potentially the case that in exchange for not participating, they had given these tributes over.

These were just Leonel's guesses, and he might be missing a few details, but he felt that this was very close to being true.

The good news about this Perfection Stone was that it could be used for as many people as you wanted. It was no wonder it was such a popular item.

Leonel realized that he had to have it. The abilities of the people of this world's ability to simulate was definitely far above his own. This would be an invaluable item and it would help him too greatly in the future.

He didn't believe that it was truly perfect, but he would definitely use it as a guiding light.

If Zones could produce such perfect Magic Systems that humans couldn't even dream of thinking up on their own, why wouldn't the Perfection Stone be capable of refining his future path and allowing him to observe it?

Now the trouble was that he was missing 30-40 billion Demon Points to buy this even if he gave up one of the protective treasures.

Leonel exhaled and made a decision. He moved some of the things from Little Tolly's evolution down, then he would be able to afford it.

Ultimately, the things he needed to facilitate Little Tolly's evolution, which amounted to an extra 100 billion, were things that he could find outside of this Zone. But this stone was something he definitely could not.Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Plus, it would still take him some time to find a Force Eruption. So, he had time to gather the materials as well.

Leonel exhaled. "Show us the top ten most expensive items you have here."

Leonel still decided to go through with it. Who knew, maybe he would find something worth giving up everything for… If he could afford it, that is.

What Leonel and Aina actually saw, though, was enough to leave them stunned.

Every single one of the ten items was a tablet. Most were gold, but there were two that were silver and two that were bronze. These were precisely the Twelve Pointed Star Lineage Factor tablets, both the Dark Star half and the Light Star half.

Leonel's eyes widened when, for the first time, his gaze landed on the Gold Tablets for this Lineage Factor. But almost the moment he did, he heard two roars resound in his mind.

His eyes, nose and ears burst into a rain of blood. He could see or hear anything, his body falling back, unconscious.

"Leonel!"

Aina's expression changed and quickly caught Leonel before his head hit the ground. She hesitated, wanting to look at the tablets as well, but she refrained, realizing that she might end up in the same state of Leonel. At that point, which one of them would be conscious to protect the other?

"I…"

Leonel mumbled, snapping out of his unconsciousness before he faded back into again. Every time his brain turned back on, he remembered those images and his body shut down again.

Even without ever having laid eyes on those two beasts before, he knew exactly what their names were as though they had etched into his mind… almost like it was disrespectful for him to not know of them when he laid eyes on them…

The pinnacle of the Light Star half of the Lineage Factor… The Infinity Beast.

The pinnacle of the Dark Star half of the Lineage Factor… The Void Beast.

The Void Beast. The Void Beast was the peak of the dark half of his Lineage Factor. In addition, there was actually a beast he had never heard of that was its exact opposite and equal.

However, Leonel's memory was too perfect. Before he focused on those two Tablets, he was certain that he had seen the names and descriptions of all the other Tablets as well.

For one, their prices were egregious, so much so that it felt almost like a slap to the face. They had so many zeroes behind them that even Leonel didn't know what number that was supposed to represent. All he knew was that it was too much larger than just a trillion.

But the second shocked him maybe even more than finding out what the pinnacle beasts of his Lineage Factor were.

Emperor's Might… It was a Tablet here. It sat with its own radiant gold light, exuding an air of unbridled arrogance and majesty.

Just what did it mean for it to be here…? Just what kind of Zone was this…? And why did it mention the Brazinger family in its description…?

What the hell did the greatest powers of Earth have to do with a Fairy Tale based Mythological Zone?! 