Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel coughed before his expression turned solemn. There were too many things about this Zone that confused him, too many questions he wanted to ask that no one would give him an answer to.Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Could it be that this wasn't a Mythological Zone and it was instead a Variant Zone?

It had to be remembered that Variant Zones signified the end of a world. They appeared when a territory was at a crossroads and they would either face annihilation or deviate toward the correct path and prosper far more than they ever had before.

What was most important to note about Variant Zones though, in this case at least, wasn't the opportunity they presented, but rather the fact that…

Variant Zones were a peek into the future.

If this was the case, then maybe this all made sense. The evolution in Force Manipulation, the prominence of the families of Earth, the unique changes to the techniques and paths those of this world took…

Could it be that this world was actually Earth all along?

But then where did these demons come from? Was it the influence of the Silver Empire? Did the Silver Empire make a comeback and cause all of this to occur, forcing the people of Earth to share the only Eighth Dimensional world of the Human Domain with them?

This was also a possibility…

He had heard of the people here mentioning Spirituals, so all of this was potentially true. The only thing that didn't quite add up was that this world was far too large to be the original Earth, but then again, just how large was the Void Palace? Clearly there were methods of making higher Dimensional worlds break the laws of physics he was used to from the Third Dimension.

Anything was possible with the use of Force…

But still, even if Leonel's deductions were all correct, there were still more questions than there were answers.

Such a Variant Zone… how could anyone bear to give it up? Did whoever attacked the Void Palace have to use such a precious Zone for a task like this?

It also had to be remembered that Variant Zones were known for their ease relative to other Zones of the same level. Their entire purpose was to give those of their past a chance to transcend the difficulties that would block them from getting to the best possible future.

This meant that this Zone was invaluable if it was a Variant Zone originally.

If not for the fact the likes of Leonel and the others failed immediately upon entering, the harshness they faced wouldn't have been nearly as difficult to transcend. In fact, maybe the methods of Force Manipulation and the like would have been handed to them on a silver platter rather than him having to go through all of this trouble.

Were the people who used this Zone to target the Void Palace fools? Even if there was a 100% guarantee of dealing with the Void Palace completely, who cared? So what if the Void Palace was gone, weren't there still other races? Other powerhouses? Plus, there were still the most powerful families of the Human Domain that remained untouched.

On top of that, there was one person that Leonel was absolutely certain was doing just fine: his father.

To deal with the human race, some fool actually chose to target the Void Palace first and not his father? Leonel couldn't help but think their brains were waterlogged…

There were only two explanations that could possibly make sense to explain all of this.

The first was that these people had no ability to gauge the value of this Zone and what was inside of it. If they could, Leonel didn't believe they would use it so foolishly.

The second was that Leonel was completely incorrect about all of this and this place wasn't a Variant Zone at all.

The first made no sense. How could a power capable of targeting the Void Palace not do something as simple as scan a Zone? Even if Leonel gave them the benefit of the doubt, the two things that were absolutely easy to do regardless of the level of a Zone was to tell the quota limit, as in how many people could enter, and to tell what type of Zone it was.

The moment a Zone actually manifested on the readings as a Variant Zone, even if it was a Ninth Dimensional Zone—no, ESPECIALLY if it was a Ninth Dimensional Zone—no one would use it for such a foolish thing.

There was, of course, one other possibility that Leonel was somewhat ignoring.

In order to use this Zone to target the Void Palace, whoever sent it had to expand the size of the Zone a tremendous amount.

There was a chance that only a Zone of a certain caliber could withstand this process, as such whoever did this had no choice.

But even if that was the case, Leonel didn't believe that they'd be so stupid. If Leonel was in their shoes, and he had such a method, but it could only work on an incredibly valuable Zone… he would directly scrap such a method and throw it in the trash. In fact, he might "accidentally" allow his enemies to learn of it and hope they'd be stupid enough to do such a thing should they run into such a valuable Zone. At least that way, they would waste it instead of growing more powerful behind his back.

All of this logic applied as well if this was really a Mythological Zone. It had to be remembered that Mythological Zones were the most likely to become Unique Zones purely because of their value.

When things were framed like this, it didn't make any sense whatsoever for this place to be a Zone unless the enemies of the Void Palace were complete idiots.

Just when Leonel had this thought, he shot up from Aina's embrace, his heart trembling.

What if he was wrong about all of this? What if the enemies of the Void Palace knew very well of the value of this Zone but didn't care…

And what if they didn't care because they already had such methods at their fingertips…? 