Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The solid slab of silver metals that was at least 10 by 10 meters. Its edges were filled with complex runes that could make one's mind spin just looking at them, and its center was filled with a circular formation that seemed to rotate with life of its own.

"Halt! Hand the demon over!"

The elders above released mighty auras, soaring down upon their treasures.

When Leonel heard this, his gaze flashed with rage, but he still didn't look upward. If he had the strength, he would have directly killed the person who said such a thing.

However, even though he didn't look upward, his aura continued to grow like a towering tempest. Billowing violet fog and a wild crimson spread out further and further.

From the perspective of the elders of this world, they had to capture Aina, and even if they couldn't capture her, they had to at least kill her.

A demon that could camouflage themselves as a human was a crisis level threat to them all. They had to know how it worked, and more importantly, how to counter it.

The one good thing about demons was that they were easily spotted. But if one could hide so perfectly and even infiltrate their society to this extent, wouldn't it only be a matter of time before they were all finished.

They couldn't allow Aina to escape no matter what.

Violent surges of aura descended from the skies. If it wasn't for the fact they were caught off guard by the change, they would have already surrounded the city. But something Leonel did seemed to have triggered the teleportation ahead of time, causing them to still be in the skies observing the situation until right this moment.

"LEONEL!"

The roar of Mistress Oliidark was among the loudest, and there was no doubt that this was on purpose.

She should have been happy that Leonel had gathered so many points for her Oliidark family, but truthfully, it was the direct opposite. She had to make it clear that she was going all out to kill Leonel and Aina or else her family would be implicated.

Who could have thought that the brat she had easily taken control of just might cause the downfall of her family so easily? She couldn't allow this to happen no matter what.

RIPPLE!

At that moment, a strong surge of Force expanded outward in all directions.

BANG!

Several attacks from above suddenly found themselves blocked by a powerful barrier.

This barrier wasn't actually part of the original design, but was rather just a subsidiary product of the function of the design.

There needed to be an incredibly stable spatial link formed between this world and the next, so Leonel had modified the original design to need a powerful ore with precisely these characteristics as the foundation.

Leonel had done a lot of research about spatial rings and Spatial Force in general in order to create this method to retrieve the Segmented Cube. Now all of that research became the backbone for his method of returning home.

He gave the Segmented Cube a landing mark, and that would be its original vessel to begin with. Now that the space was stabilized, Seventh Dimensional individuals could forget about shaking it easily.

Leonel had actually been prepared for Eighth Dimensional experts to make a move, but there were none, surprisingly. What he didn't know was that they all had been pulled away by that sudden SNAP! But regardless, the fact that none were here, or disdained to act in Leonel's estimation, they could forget about stopping him.

The space only grew more and more stable with each passing moment. Even for Leonel and Aina who were in the center of it all, it was difficult even to move properly, let alone for these elders to shatter the barrier.

Leonel slowly inclined his head almost as though he wanted to imprint the faces of all those above him. He even took an exceptionally long look at Mistress Oliidark.

He would never meet these people again, and he knew that, but for some reason he still did this. Maybe it was less about getting revenge later, and more of a reminder of what forced him into this situation in the first place.Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

At that moment, the skies above split and a surging beam of light descended.

BANG!

It collided with the spatial barrier and right then, it was as though the earth had been connected to the skies.

The blue skies and clouds vanished, replaced by a vastness of darkness and sparkling stars. For a moment, some believed that someone had activated their Natural Light Domain, but that was far from the case.

Leonel's gaze flickered. This was part of his calculations, so he wasn't surprised about the pillar of Spatial Force. However… That shouldn't be what the skies looked like. It felt like…

​ Leonel didn't get a chance to finish his thoughts when an amoeba-like bundle of energy suddenly shuttled through the pillar of Spatial Force.

His eyes lit up. He knew exactly what that was, it was most definitely the world of the Segmented Cube.

Seeing this, nothing else mattered. He knew that it had worked.

BANG!

The bundle of energy collided with the fingerguard and Leonel immediately stretched out a hand, causing it to shoot back toward him.

The platform rumbled, a residual bit of energy that had coated the Segmented Cube's world fusing with it.

The energy ran through the circular formation like it was rushing through a race track before it began to cause the Runes near the edges to light up as well.

At that moment, the entire world began to tremble. No matter where they were, the youths and elders of the Void Palace looked up.

Some were hidden within organizations, others were running through the demon worlds, others were stuck in jail cells, and yet some others were being humiliated as slaves…

However, not a single one of them didn't feel the tug.

A sudden pulling sensation pulled them through as the two worlds superimposed.

When the world finally calmed once more, every one of them had vanished. 