Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel snapped awake to the sound of whistling wind, and not long after, to the feeling of his lips trying to touch his forehead.

His eyes opened wide.

'Damn…'

Were his calculations off? He had definitely set it so that he would land on his feet, so how had things happened like this? Why was he falling through the skies? Wasn't this a bit too cliché?

Leonel's brows furrowed. There were too many things that were odd about this, but Leonel didn't have the luxury of thinking about it.

He looked to his side to find that Aina had awoken as well. At the very least, they had managed to stay side by side, likely due to the fact he had been holding onto her.

Leonel took hold of Aina, ready to do something to catch her. But at that moment, the feeling of strong armor in his palm suddenly became delicate and soft skin. His expression changed a bit, but he looked to the side to find that Aina had already entered her Chaos Demon form.

Her armor separated from her body, becoming a dancing tornado of gorgeous black feathers and her wings appeared once more.

In an instant, their positions flipped and Aina caught Leonel, cradling him like a princess.

Leonel found himself without the words to speak. He was certain that this mischievous little vixen had done this on purpose.

Almost as though to confirm this, Aina couldn't even hit the ground before she started laughing. The sonorous sounds of her laughter spread over the surroundings, she couldn't help herself.

Aina landed on the ground, still holding Leonel up with a wide smile on her face. She leaned down and gave him a peck on the cheek, her grin enormous.

Leonel eventually laughed as well, even forgetting to check their surroundings.

"You're not going to get down, princess?" Aina asked.

"Why would I? I think this is actually pretty comfortable. Carry me around some more."

BANG!

Leonel fell to the ground and could only look up with a wronged expression. There was really no justice in this world.

Leonel stood, patting his butt and looking around.

"This should be the Void Battlefield? How far out are we?"Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

The Void Battlefield was a large place and the only region Leonel was familiar with was the Rapax region, and even that was just to a limited extent. Unfortunately, there was far more than just the Rapax here. From Leonel's understanding, pretty much every race of the Dimensional Verse had a land they controlled here. After all, this region could be considered the dividing lines between their territories, so how could they not protect what was effectively the frontline?

There was another reason for this as well, of course, and that was that the Human Domain would soon produce an Eighth Dimensional world. Once this happened, the layer of protection they had due to their relative weakness would be gone and the ultimate result would likely be war.

"Forget it, we can deal with this later. How about we go visit Blackstar? Maybe that annoying old man will have a way to tell exactly where we've gone and how to get back."

Leonel somewhat sighed a breath of relief when he thought this. Wise Star Order was definitely an annoying old man, but so long as he was being annoying, this also meant that he was giving him knowledge that he didn't have.

Aina nodded in agreement, somewhat missing the little mink as well.

Leonel opened his palm and the Segmented Cube, for the first time in over a year, finally changed its form once again and took the shape of a cube formed of jigsaws. With a smile, he grabbed Aina's hand and entered. But what he saw when he went inside left him somewhat floored.

The Segmented Cube had been vast before, but now it was on a completely different level.

Leonel landed in a vast forest with trees as tall as several hundred meters and so thick it would take dozens of men to wrap around it from tip to tip.

'What the hell… This place… It should be the garden of my residence, at least that's where I wanted to teleport to. How had things happened like this?'

"WHO?!"

A booming voice descended from the skies and a familiar spirit appeared about Leonel and Aina. The old man had once again entered that ridiculously handsome form of his. He looked more like he should be walking runways and starring in movies than yelling so imposingly.

"Brat?"

Wise Star Order seemed just as taken aback to see Leonel as Leonel was to see the Segmented Cube.

Leonel blinked, his head tilting to the side. Something about Wise Star Order seemed off. With how vast this world was, the only one who should have been able to teleport around so fast was Leonel himself who was the owner of the cube to begin with. But somehow, Wise Star Order had just appeared here.

Leonel's eyes couldn't help but narrow.

At the same time, Wise Star Order's surprise turned into a malevolent grin. He finally had this brat right where he wanted him.

Leonel reacted faster than Wise Star Order, using the pendant that his mother had given him to control the old bastard. But to Leonel's shock, Wise Star Order seemed completely unaffected.

"Haha, you little shit! I've been waiting for this day for too long!"

Leonel and Aina's expressions both became dark at the exact same time. This old man had always been looking for opportunities to kill Leonel, but to think that he still wouldn't have given up after all this time.

Wise Star Order's presence soared, but Leonel only grinned as the old man's spirit shot toward his head.

BANG!

Wise Star Order was sent spiraling away. When he stabilized himself, he could only look toward Leonel with an incredulous expression.

"You shitty old man, my Dream Force comprehension has already reached the pinnacle of the Seventh Dimension, and so have the barriers of my mind. Plus, my soul control is at a completely different level now. You can forget about it."

Wise Star Order was speechless, not knowing what to say.

Leonel shook his head. "I leave you for a year and you already don't know how to act. Have some priopriety as an elder."

Wise Star Order's expression furrowed.

"A year? It's been decades."