Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel's expression changed when he heard this. His mind spun into overdrive, trying to think of the possibilities for why this could be.

His calculations seemed to have been off from the beginning since he was falling through the sky and even ended up lost somewhere inside the Void Battlefield. Could it be that this was the reason he was off?

As specified previously, Zones were technically points in time connecting with one another. Could it be that Leonel just connected with the wrong point? Considering the vastness of time itself, the fact that he had landed within a couple decades was already praiseworthy. It was so close that it couldn't even be considered a margin of error. After all, what was a couple decades in the face of trillions upon trillions of years?

However, Leonel didn't feel like he was wrong. He had been so careful, so precise, it was simply impossible for such a thing to have happened. His confidence in himself was absolute. But everything seemed to point to the fact that he had, indeed, made a mistake somewhere.

Leonel's brows furrowed further.

By now, one might wonder why it is that Leonel didn't consider time dilation. After all, it was only a minority of Zones that were one to one with real time and Zone time. The vast majority had some sort of time dilation built in, even capable of halting the aging of the individuals who entered.

But, while Leonel had heard of many Zones that sped up time in comparison to the outside world, he had never heard of any that did the reverse. In fact, they didn't exist. This was something that Leonel could say confidently now that he had read all of the basic knowledge in the Void Library.

Time dilation in the reverse was impossible, so the only explanation was that Leonel's calculations had been off.

'I made a mistake?' Leonel's frown deepened to the point even his skin tone seemed to darken.

"Old man, have you ever heard of a Zone time dilated in the reverse?"

Wise Star Order blinked but eventually shook his head. Such a thing didn't exist.

Leonel shook his head as well. It seemed like things were truly impossible. There really was only one explanation, then.

"Forget it, what happened to my Segmented Cube? And why is it that you seemed so confident previously?"

Wise Star Order was about to answer, but at that moment, the shimmering appearance of an adorable little girl with a floating cloud for legs appeared.

"It's about time that you returned."

Despite the commanding tone, one would only feel an overwhelming need to pinch this little girl's cheeks.

"You… I've seen you before. You were there after I left the [Dimensional Cleanse] trial world."

The little girl rolled her eyes. "Don't remind me. Back then, I could have directly entered the Seventh Dimension but I actually had to waste precious energy healing you instead. Can't you be a little less useless?

"Never mind, never mind. Since you've brought me back to the Eighth Dimension now, I guess I shouldn't be too hard on you. Good boy."

The little girl floated over and patted Leonel on the head.

Leonel blinked. The Segmented Cube had entered Phase Six? When? Had it been over the decades he had been gone? How, though? The Segmented Cube needed a ridiculous amount of energy to evolve. Even spending so long in a dense mass of what must have been Ninth Dimensional Vital Star Force wasn't enough for it to evolve to this level, but suddenly two decades was enough for it to reach this level?

Something wasn't adding up. No… A lot of things weren't adding up.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"Don't think too hard. Your calculations weren't off, there are just certain things you're too weak about. Knowing would, quite literally, harm you. I don't mean in a figurative sense, I mean, as I said, literally."

Leonel didn't know what to say to this.

"I… I'm going to go and see Little Blackstar and Little Tolly."

Leonel sighed. He had left them alone for too long.

**

"The phenomena is finished and spatial fluctuations have come to an end. They should have all returned now."

An unknown voice spoke from the shadows.

"So my words were correct?"

"Even if they were correct, we couldn't act on them until now anyway. I don't know how that brat did it, but he's even more troublesome than his father."

"Dealing with him will be as easy as flipping over a palm. His father has been on a rampage for the last two decades. His wife didn't appear until 11 years ago, and his son hasn't appeared until now. I told you that we should have acted when he was in the Void Palace."

"It wasn't worth the risk. There was a chance he could have stopped it."

"And what did that get you? The plan failed anyway because of his brat."

"The plan might have failed, but it wasn't for nothing. It's given us extra years to prepare. Now, we're already close."

"How do you want to deal with this matter, then?"

"Using the Void Palace is too easy, we have too many methods. Just randomly choose one to get him kicked out of the Void Palace. By then, we can send any random agent and kill him off directly."

"Are we really ready to antagonize that man directly?"

"We killed his father already, and what did he do? Pout a bit? He thought we killed his wife and son, and what did he do? Just pout some more? So what if we actually kill them this time? This is the luxury time has brought us.

"Although it's not advisable to fight him directly for now, we also have no need to fear him in the slightest. If he wanted to waste his time beating his head against a steel drum, let him. I really want to see what the piece of trash can do.

"He can just watch obediently as we kill off his family members one by one. Once a hard headed fool, always a hard headed fool."

"Alright then, I have a method. It won't be too difficult at all."

"Get it done, but be patient about it. No need to activate any pieces, use the most natural and inconspicuous method."

"No issues on this side."