Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

After these matters were settled and his heart was settled, Leonel couldn't help but think about the situation of the Dimensional Verse, and specifically, the Human Domain. If he had been gone for 20 years, too many things could have happened.

Setting aside miscellaneous matters, he was most worried about Earth and his brothers. How had they been? And Earth, what Dimension had it entered by now? Did it survive well without him there to battle on the frontlines? What other powers were eyeing it? And if his brothers and friends were fighting those wars, had they survived? How were they faring?

Leonel was itching to do something, but he forced himself to calm down.

20 years had passed already, a few seconds and even a few months wouldn't make a large difference. What had already happened had already happened and there was no changing it, and if they had managed to survive for 20 years, he was sure that they could manage to survive for a bit longer.

Currently, he was in a severely weakened state.

Never mind the fact that his Dream Force and mind hadn't quite fully recovered just yet, there was still the matter of his King's Might being reset and the fact that his Metal Body had been undone and no longer had Divine Armors to support it.

Much of Leonel's strength had been stripped down and it would be foolish of him to start rushing around without being able to consolidate what he had first. He had to take his time and first reach a bottleneck in his progression before he went out.

He realized that every time he jumped into any sort of trouble, he never had any time to rest. There was no doubt that the Human Domain was in a large amount of turmoil right now with everything that had happened, so he couldn't afford to be casual with his life.

"Anastasia, I plan to do a few things before leaving. Can you monitor the situation outside? I don't want the Segmented Cube to end up damaged because the wrong person ran into it."

Anastasia nodded. "Oh, so you know how to be patient? It seems that someone finally taught you a lesson."

Leonel coughed lightly. It seemed that he had traded one Wise Star Order for a sharp tongued, albeit supremely adorable, Anastasia. Wise Star Order finally learned how to be obedient, but at what cost?

"There's no need for you to worry. In Phase Six, the Segmented Cube's ability to shrink is even greater. No one would notice us under normal circumstances.

"It's good that you're deciding to take things slowly. There's nothing someone as pitifully weak as you can do anyway. Plus, you're the last to arrive anyway."

Leonel frowned. "Last to arrive?"

Anastasia's words seemed to imply that he and Aina were the last to find a method to return, but that didn't make any sense. Maybe it was because he was arrogant, but he was certain that even if everyone in the Void Palace was given a Segmented Cube to use as a catalyst to return home, he could probably count on his fingers how many would be able to think of the method.

Could it be that there was another way to return?

"When you triggered the return sequence, you became the focal point of the return as you were the origin of everything. The point you stood upon was the very to make the connection, but it was also the last to disconnect."

A sudden realization overtook Leonel.

So he was the one that allowed others to return, but because he and Aina had been at the focal point, they were the last to return.

When you were working with such long spans of time, what was ultimately a few microseconds worth of difference between when they left and when everyone else left, became dilated to decades worth on the side.

"How unlucky…"

This wasn't part of Leonel's calculations either. Even if he knew it would happen, he would still need to act. But it was still a bit unfortunate.

"Still, this is good. If the elders of the Void Palace returned well in advance, then it likely means that the turmoil in the Human Domain isn't so bad. They would have come back to stabilize the situation in time."

Leonel felt that this was actually good news.

"You can look at it like that, or…" Anastasia sneered. "… you can realize that this puts a huge target on your back."

​ Leonel froze.

He didn't need Anastasia to explain this to him at all, the moment she spoke the words, he hit him like a ton of bricks.Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Leonel couldn't see the core of the situation because he had been stuck in the thick of it, but from an outsider's perspective, especially given the sheer amount of time that had passed, it would have been easy to understand what was happening even if they didn't understand the methods Leonel had used.

Ultimately, it would be very simple to conclude that whoever returned last once the phenomenon concluded should also be the person that had caused it all in the first place.

Things would be fine under normal circumstances. After all, just statistically speaking, there would be others who came out in close proximity to Leonel. In addition, he and Aina had appeared in a completely barren location where none were here to observe their appearance.

However, there were two methods of tracking Leonel…

The first was his name in the Morales family Holy Land. It was less likely for there to be traitors in the Morales family, so this probably was as much of a worry. But, this was where the second method came into play…

The second was, of course, Leonel's badge as a Void Palace disciple. The moment he and Aina came back, others would know.

Leonel didn't know much about the Void Palace in question, but what he did know was that his father had gone on a rampage in their territory and this was even part of the reason he was a target of dissatisfaction for some Factions.

Obviously Leonel, given how much he respected his father, would never say that he was in the wrong, which very likely meant that the Void Palace had deserved it. In which case…

The Void Palace had traitors amongst them, and those traitors would definitely know that he was the last to return.

Leonel's gaze became frighteningly cold. It seemed that he would be targeted very soon. 