Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel was already determined to prepare himself a bit first before he left, but now this was just affirmed all the more. It would be borderline idiotic for him to return now. He had to take advantage of the time where no one knew where exactly he was.

While most would know that he had returned, this didn't mean that they could pinpoint his location. For now, he would just have to stay here until he was ready.

"I'll be busy for a while, maybe a few months, potentially less," Leonel spoke, turning to Aina.

Currently, Aina held the big Little Blackstar in her arms. She didn't seem too surprised by Leonel's words. Considering his previous agitation, she had guessed that something like this was going to happen.

"Okay, I will wait," she said with a smile.

Leonel nodded and left this place.

…

The current Segmented Cube was enormous. According to Anastasia, it had a size about a quarter that of a normal sized planet. Considering the "population" was not even ten, it was no wonder that it felt enormous.

Right this moment, the Segmented Cube was like having a miniature Earth in his pocket. In fact, the only reason it hadn't begun producing treasures at the level of Earth was because Leonel hadn't been here. As such, Anastasia kept things as neutral as possible.

Hearing such a thing, Leonel was actually quite surprised. Anastasia acted like someone who wanted to be in control of every tiny little detail, but it was clear that she actually wanted to defer to Leonel. Whether that was because she respected his father, or if she simply wanted to grant him this respect, or if it was something else entirely, Leonel didn't know.

But what Leonel did know was that after accumulating so much Force and even evolving so many times in his absence, the Segmented Cube was very much ready to explode forth with its potential. So long as Leonel gave the command, he might have even more natural resources at his fingertips than Earth could provide.

At the same time, though, he was quite baffled. Just what kind of treasure was the Segmented Cube?

​ In the beginning, Leonel was too ignorant to the ways of the Dimensional Verse to understand just how valuable this treasure was. Let alone the Segmented Cube, everyone awed him, so it was hard to see through to the specialness of this device that followed him everywhere.

But now that his scope had been broadened, he understood that there might not even be a second treasure like this in all of existence.

The Segmented Cube was basically an entire world capable of following him around on his finger. It could produce Cleansing Waters, something capable of countering even Anarchic Force. It concentrated Force to such a great degree that practicing here was easily ten times more effective than anywhere else. And even one of its first awakened abilities was as logic defying as suspending a living, breathing entity in time.

There was simply nothing else like it. And it was shocking to an extreme.

It made Leonel wonder just what its origins were, how had it ended up in the hands of the Morales family, and why was it only in the Third Dimension when Leonel met it since even he could take it to the Sixth Dimension with relative ease?

Leonel could only put these matters to the back of his mind. Right now wasn't the time to be dealing with the growth of the Segmented Cube and its evolution path. Rather, he had to be in tune with himself and how he would take steps forward to succeed.

The first thing Leonel did was sink into a river of Cleansing Waters. He didn't even want to think about where this river led to and just how much Cleansing Waters there were in this place. It just felt ridiculous. He couldn't understand how such a valuable item could be created in such large numbers.

Still, whatever thought he had vanished the moment the water touched his skin. Despite the fact it was just gently washing over him, he felt the need to release a moan, his body feeling far more comfortable than it ever had before.Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

His pores opened up, streams of a warm energy entering his body and gently caressing him.

To Leonel's shock, he felt his Lineage Factors react, radiating a pure aura that only seemed to become more and more perfect. He didn't know what was happening and he almost forced the process to stop entirely, but that was when Anastasia's voice rang out.

"Don't fight it, are you trying to waste a good thing?"

Anastasia shook her head.

The strength of Cleansing Waters was entirely dependent on its Dimension, as were the number of its abilities that could be unlocked. But, the root of the abilities of Cleansing Waters was in purification. Namely, it could bring something to its most perfect state.

This ability wasn't exactly healing. Rather, it was entirely related to balancing energies.

If one was poisoned, it could recognize that and expel the foreign material. If one formed Force Crystals of a certain caliber, Cleansing Waters could turn them into Pure Force Crystals. And so long as the Cleansing Waters were at a higher or similar level in comparison to your Lineage Factors, it could even cleanse them and allow them to reach their own optimal states of perfection.

This final ability was something that only appeared once Cleansing Waters entered the Eighth Dimension, and it was something that Leonel was experiencing right this moment.

After consuming so many Force Pills, Leonel's foundation had become incredibly sturdy and there was even more potential within himself now in comparison to the past. He had initially entered the Cleansing Waters because as Aina had said, these pills had impurities that needed to be dealt with.

What he didn't expect was that he wouldn't find these impurities, but would rather find something far beyond them in use to him. 