Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"Hey, hey. What do you think you're doing here little vixen?" Roaring Black Lion had an immediate reaction to Flowing Wind's appearance. It was clear that he didn't like her much.

"Nobody's here for you, you brute. Don't even know how to treat a lady."

Roaring Black Lion was stunned speechless for a moment. Wasn't this the same woman who told him he wanted to see him break her in half? She practically had an innuendo fitted into her words every other sentence. Why was she pretending to be prim and proper now? Wasn't this too shameless?

But, when he saw how she wanted to get close to Leonel, he couldn't help but roll his eyes. This little vixen really was too shameless.

Leonel sensed the soft mounds pressing against his arm. He had been forced to throw away his shirt, so his torso was still completely bare at the moment, making the sensation especially tantalizing.

Leonel shifted away slightly, causing Flowing Wind to pout. Unfortunately, she couldn't see Leonel's reaction with his mask. But, she subconsciously thought that he was embarrassed.

Flowing Wind's gaze swept over Leonel's toned torso, her eyes lighting with an appreciative gaze. It seemed she liked what she saw, maybe a little too much.

"They call you Indomitable?"

"Unfortunately." Leonel mumbled.

Flowing Wind was confused by this response, but it only made her more interested in Leonel.

"You're quite powerful. Usually they don't let those as powerful as you out. How'd you manage to come here?" Flowing Wind asked curiously.

"I was kidnapped." Leonel mumbled just as unenthusiastically. He wasn't sure what Flowing WInd meant by those words, but he was too lazy to ask.? "Anyway, I'm going to sleep. I haven't had a good night's rest in too long. Let me know what happens while I'm gone."

Before the two could wonder what Leonel meant, he got up and moved to an empty corner of the cave, allowing the Segmented Cube to take him in.

The youths watched on as the Segmented Cube unfolded, taking up about a ten meter region. This was at least 10% of the cave, but no one dared to feel dissatisfied. Without Leonel they wouldn't have even made it so far.

Roaring Black Lion and Flowing Wind's gazes met without Leonel between them, sparks flying.

"Aren't you going to scram now?"

Flowing Wind giggled as though she hadn't heard the words.

"Is that friend of yours gay?"

Roaring Black Lion was stunned speechless. What the hell was wrong with this woman? Even the most… robust of men wouldn't care for a woman when they were that tired. There were many a fallen soldier on the battlefield that was the bed room due to this exact reason. What a poisonous woman, poking fun at such a thing. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

"Do you think you're that special?" Roaring Black Lion retorted.

"… Yes." Flowing Wind said shamelessly.

Leonel collapsed into bed, falling into a dream land. He felt quite thankful that that little beast that had been harassing him all this time hadn't appeared since he entered the center region of the island…

**

While Leonel was sleeping, the Commanders who were off shore of the island were battling for their lives.

Violet Rain looked off into the distance toward the Force geyser billowing into the skies. Her expression couldn't help but flicker between helplessness and a complicated feeling.

Suddenly, another massive tentacle surged up from the turbulent sea.

"Damned beast, die!"

Her hair fluttered, turning a slight shade of dark violet. Her eyes gained the same tint as she raised her arms into the air.

Violet clouds appeared above her head before a torrential rain of violet droplets fell.

SSSKKKKRRRREEEEEEEE!!!!

With every droplet that fell, another piece of flesh was melted away. In what seemed like the blink of an eye, a tentacle of over ten meters in length became nothing more than bubbling, putrid liquid on the surface of the ocean.

Violet Rain's ability was likely one of the only reasons Southern Lookout's ship had managed to last so long. The longer she kept it activated, the more toxic the surrounding waters became, and the less likely creatures were to approach them. As a result, most of the beasts took the long way around their ship, avoiding them entirely. After all, the source of the Force they wanted so much wasn't coming from the Commanders.

However, despite this, Violet Rain's expression only grew uglier and uglier.

She couldn't help but worry about the youths on the island. But, she also knew that charging ahead to go to save them would only lead to her and the crew's death. Her strength wasn't far above that of the youths. In fact, she wouldn't necessarily win in a battle against any of them.

Though her ability was powerful, it was also extremely taxing to use as well. It was simply impossible for her to use it endlessly.

"Mellow Trees! What's the situation, have you managed to call for reinforcements yet?!" Violet Rain called out.

"We're trying our best, but the Force Eruption is making communication difficult. We might have to leave the range of the island entirely first."

"No!" Violet Rain vehemently disapproved.

What if the youths came to the shore looking for them? At least with her here, there was a small safe haven around the poisoned waters she created. At least the youths would stand a chance if they waited.

But, if they left, what would happen to the youths? How could Violet Rain know that all of the youths she was worried about had already entered the eye of the storm?

"Violet Rain, we need to way the pros and cons here…" Mellow Trees tried to persuade.

"Stop, stop, stop." Violet Rain waved a hand. "I don't believe for a second that we are the only ones aware about this Force Eruption. Not only are we aware, the Eastern Lookout Commanders definitely are as well. And, it won't be long before the Lookouts themselves are aware as well. We have to stay here and wait for reinforcements. Keep trying to see if you can get a message through."

The other Commanders looked at one another and sighed. Violet Rain didn't have a higher status than any of them, but she was the closest to her next promotion because her ability was rated within the S-grade. For now, they could only listen to her words.

'Damned brat, you better not really be a spy. As long as you aren't, help those kids get out of there…'

Who knows how Leonel would react if he knew Violet Rain was thinking about him like this?