Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel blinked and waited for Anastasia to finish another tirade before he could finally start asking the questions he wanted. Luckily, Anastasia was very forthcoming.

"If I research it properly, I'm sure I can come up with some methods, but it will take time, and it's honestly probably best if you think of it yourself. From my understanding, Force should be seen as a living, breathing entity even if it isn't one. How one chooses to manipulate it, even if the path ends up being the same, should be individual.

"For example, think of walking, or running, or throwing, these are things everyone can do and everyone does, but do two people ever do them exactly the same? Even if there are some mechanics that are more efficient than others, even for those that have reached the pinnacle, they wouldn't do it exactly the same, and there would even be some that shatter the mold.

"Force should be the same. Ultimately, the most powerful Force is the one that comes from you or works well with you. If you take guidance from others on how to tap into this, it'll never truly be your own.

"That said, I think that I can give you some guidance.

"From what I understand, Force can be divided into certain grades from their inception and it's difficult for these Forces to break out from their mold, but it isn't easy. Just like the example of running before, even someone who isn't gifted in running can still squeeze out more of their potential given time and effort."

Leonel nodded slowly. This was like the rubber band example again, it seemed that Anastasia agreed with this sentiment.

"However, I would say that Forces have far greater potential for increased strength. Whereas an untalented runner could never outclass a world class long distance runner or sprinter no matter how hard they trained, a Force can because they ultimately have the same root."

Leonel's brows jumped. Now this was new. He had never heard of Forces having the same root before, but this did make sense. Ultimately, wasn't it all just energy?

Even though the scope of a Third Dimensional world was limited, there were many teachings of Earth that Leonel still held onto even now, and this was one of them.

Energy could be transferred and changed, but it couldn't be destroyed. This should be true of Force as well.

There was a reason there were Force Crystals and Pure Force Crystals. The natural state of Force was to be together.

And then there was Neutral Force which was inherently an amalgamation of all Force.

Everything had the same root.

"If I'm correct, when Forces break past certain limits, this should be the Force Manipulation you're talking about. And upon breaking those limits, Forces begin to display strengths that they didn't originally have, even capable of crushing Forces above them in strength.

"Theoretically, this kind of Force, or a Force that has broken its limits, should be the true root of the separation of Dimensions. When a Force that has broken through more limits meets one that hasn't broken through any, or even one that has fewer limits broken, it can directly suppress it.

"This will manifest as a higher Dimensional being meeting a lower Dimensional one and crushing them."

Leonel nodded slowly. He had experienced this personally. Whether it was his speed of thought, his Dream Force, or his Scarlet Star Force, all things that he had supreme confidence in, they had all been crushed in the face of Thaela and the cobra demon.

The cobra demon was an especially good example because their Water Force was relatively weak in its most basic form. And yet, it had easily been able to block and crush Leonel's Scarlet Star Force with relative ease.

If not for it making the mistake of eating Leonel, or if it had a method of sensing and attacking Leonel's soul directly, Leonel would have most definitely lost that battle.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

But luckily, the awakening of his soul allowed him to break free of the suppression his mind had been under and his Dream Force finally began to work normally once again.

But even then, Leonel's Scarlet Star Force had been useless against the cobra demon until Leonel took advantage of an opening to deal it an even more severe injury.

The gap between a Force that had broken its limits and one that hadn't was simply far too large.

Leonel fell into his own thoughts for a moment before he nodded.

"Alright. Anastasia, can you still start working on the generic method. I have tons of Force Mantras here," Leonel waved a hand and caused the dozens of Basic Force Mantras he had taken to appear, "and I think that they could be of some help to you.

"I'll forge my own path, but it will still be good to have a generic method that others can use, it'll help my faction to grow stronger. Also, if the feeling isn't obvious, I'd also like to know when I have a breakthrough so I know if I'm headed in the right direction or not."

Anastasia's eyes lit up when she saw the booklets and quickly caused them to shoot up from the ground and hover around her. She didn't even bother to respond to Leonel, she was already entirely focused on what was before her, even oo'ing and ah'ing from time to time.

Leonel chuckled and didn't mind it. Soon, he had re-entered a state of absolute focus.

'My Spatial Force comprehension is well beyond that of my others, but I haven't taken the time to understand Emulation Spatial Force in specific. The kind of understanding I have about Spatial Force right now is heavily biased toward movement type Spatial Forces with a hint about storage type which might potentially be applicable.

'Anastasia is right. Emulation Spatial Force is more about stacking space, giving it form, using it to attack and to defend, movement is at the bottom of its list of capabilities. And, if I want to use it like Thaela did, I'll have to invest time into researching Spatial Force in this sort of lane.

'But for now, there are more important things. Once I finish reconstructing my Metal Body and my Divine Armors, we will walk down that road."

Leonel smiled.

"It's been too long since we've Crafted together, hm buddy?"

*Bloop*

Little Tolly rushed around Leonel's fingers and armors like a flashy silver snake. The little guy's excitement was at an all time high. 