Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel took a similar approach for Vital Star Force.

Vital Star Force could be considered to be a type of Life Force, but it was also very strict and defined in its usage. It focused mainly on vitality. In this way, it was very similar to Blood Force, but it had its differences as well.

For example, Vital Star Force was also very heavy as it was primarily a Star Force as opposed to a Life Force. These sort of subtle differences seemed unimportant, but it was exactly what separated those who could fully grasp their Forces between those who were both lost and weak.

Leonel felt that if he had to grasp Vital Star Force in the future, it would be incredibly important for him to understand these small differences.

In his current understanding, Blood Force was a vessel for another power source while Vital Star Force was the power source. The latter was like a nuclear reactor, bursting with potential and producing a constant, large stream of power, while the former, Blood Force, was a gentle stream and focused on longevity.

Leonel understood that this understanding was incredibly limited and could only be considered to be rudimentary, but it was more than enough to lay a foundation for where he would go in the future.

As such, he likewise chose two categories of Life Force. One focused on burst energy, giving one a second wind one the brink of death. The other a constant power source, pumping one full of energy over a long and continuous time.

For Leonel's Water Forces, he chose Mud Ore  to stand in as his heavy Water Force and Wave Ore to be his defensive Water Force.

Mud Ore didn't sound very appetizing, but Leonel didn't care about this, he only chose it for its abilities.

Mud Ore was known to be sticky, persistent and resilient. It was actually a rare Domain Type Ore which could cause changes even to the environment itself.

Wave Ore was one known to be the core of many top tier Black Grade Water Force defensive treasures. It was able to face an attack and erode it in continuous waves. Although it wasn't initially powerful, it was likewise persistent. By the time it reached the person the attack had targeted, the attack might not even have 10% of its original strength.

Once again, this was also a Domain Type Ore.Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

As for his Life Forces, Leonel chose two Vein Type Ores.

The first embodied bursting Life Force. This Ore was known as Second Wind Ore. It was usually designed to be the vein pattern of a pendant type treasure.

According to usual Crafting practices, this Ore would be surrounded by another Ore of a specific Element. Once the pendant was activated, the treasure would shatter and immediately convert the whole of the element that surrounded it into power for the user. This was essentially like storing a second body of Force within yourself.

However, Leonel obviously wouldn't be able to use this ability when he absorbed the Ore. What he wanted was the underlying mechanism of this ability.

In order to work, this Ore had to be able to quickly turn any kind of Force into usable energy for a battle without a long process of adaptation. What this essentially meant was that it was a catalyst, a catalyst that was compatible when any body that it was attached to.

This ability was the purest kind of Life Force there was.

The words Anastasia had spoken had truly resonated with Leonel. She had equated comprehending a Force to being like running. The way Leonel interpreted that was to mean that the action of using Force was no different from any physical action you might take.

Leonel had always seen Force to be a separate part of himself, something that he pulled from the environment to use temporality.

But Second Wind Ore was able to use its Life Force characteristics to take any Force and make it a part of you immediately.

What did this mean? It meant that it could very well be that the foundation of Life Force itself was this ability to make Force a part of a person. And maybe, Life Force, since it represented Life itself, was precisely the Force that connected humans like Leonel to all other Forces as well.

When Leonel looked at things like this, he felt like he grasped exactly what the core of Vital Star Force was.

Maybe, Vital Star Force was just able to take the most vibrant energy source there was in the whole of existence, the Star, and catalyze it into power usable directly by the body.

When Leonel grasped this, there were already changes to his Stars. In fact, right this moment, his three Vital Stars formed their complete Third and Fourth Dimensional Star Runes in one go.

Leonel smiled, feeling that he was on the right track.

So, rightfully, his second Life Force Ore was one that didn't convert energies, but rather provided a large amount of energy. This Ore was known as Longevity Jade Ore.

Longevity Jade Ore was considered to be both a Vein Type and Domain Type Ore. In addition, it was a lot like Urbe Ore in that there were multiple stages of this Ore all the way up the Dimensions. Leonel planned to fill himself to the brim with this Ore at every single stage.

He would follow this formula for every step of the way. Longevity Jade Ore would stay the very same and the others would change, but the balance he would have would be unmatched.

The end result would be a body that was both almost impossible to injure, and one in which, even if it were to be injured, had a healing factor that would reach an incomprehensible level.

Leonel quickly made his way through the Fourth Dimension, his body radiating a delicate glow with every step forward he took.

He also required much more than he had in the past to reach saturation at these stages as well, but he had long since been prepared for this, trading for more than enough.