Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel absorbed a final bit of Mercury Ore, heavy waves of silvery light wafting off from him. His presence alone seemed to make the surrounding air heavier.

He opened his eyes, exhaling a breath.

He had just reached the very limits of his Tier 1 Sixth Dimensional Metal Body. Of course, in doing so he had opened the next set of Gates in his Metal Synergy Lineage Factor and had, as such, stepped into the Sixth Dimension with his body, allowing his strength to undergo a qualitative change.

Leonel didn't bask in his own glory for much longer. Although he felt that he was particularly powerful left, he was still focused on other things.

With his Metal Body complete, he now needed to create three sets of Divine Armors. The first two would replace the two that he had lost, and the final one would become his Sixth Dimensional Armor.

Leonel had already decided to sink his Metal Body and Divine Armor. This would bring out the most of his strength, and this also meant that he had to lean upon the same path he had chosen to take, which meant Water Force and Life Force.

Leonel believed that his path of Water Force was just fine. In fact, he even planned on using the exact same Ores he had used to form his Metal Body on it. However, he wanted to do something different with his Life Force.

Ultimately, his Divine Armor was meant to be a tool of battle. Leonel didn't want it to be too focused on support and not have enough attacking prowess. So Leonel wanted an armor that could maximize defenses, yes, but he wanted the Life Force aspects to boost his strength rather than just his vitality.

Luckily, he had the perfect framework to make this work, and that was to rely on Star Fusion.

He wanted his armor to be able to accumulate and use a huge burst of energy all at once, qualitatively boosting all of his other abilities at once. This meant that he needed a Life Force not just capable of allowing its user to make use of and connect to other Forces, but a Life Force also capable of reversing this connection and allowing such Forces to flourish by virtue of its connection to it.

Vital Star Force was one of the best examples of this, but Vital Star Force was a fusion of Forces that worked on just one kind of Force: Star Force. In addition, Vital Star Force was far too high level of a Force to be found and used in Divine Armors at lower Dimensions.

Although Leonel's Metal Body was now in the Sixth Dimension, his Divine Armor technique worked exactly the same as his Metal Body technique. Although they could synergize, one had to build it from the ground up.

That said, Leonel already had a solution for this.

For the Fourth Dimension, he picked an Ore called Surging Tide Ore. For the Fifth Dimension, he picked an Ore called Instant Resonance Ore. And for the Sixth Dimension, he chose an Ore known as Central Pillar Ore.

All of these Ores had different names, but they all had one main ability, and that was to bolster other Forces, albeit to varying degrees. In addition, they all used Life Force as a basis, working beautifully with other Ore.

Each and every one of them was a Foundational Type Ore just like Urbe Ore and they functioned as such.

In the past, Leonel could only pick one central ore to build his Divine Armors around. However, now, his scope was on a completely different level.

He planned to forge all of his armors to the Life Grade. When they were complete, they would be considered to be one whole. As such, the Evolution Ore would thus be effective on the entire armor instead of just a portion of it.

This meant that Leonel's Fourth Dimensional Divine Armor wouldn't just be quasi Fifth Dimensional, it would truly be Fifth Dimensional. And this likewise meant that his Sixth Dimensional Divine Armor would be truly Seventh Dimensional!

Leonel got to work immediately, delicately refining each one of his blueprints. Before he even began on the first one, he formed all three blueprints first.

Leonel's aspirations were actually beyond just forming Life Grade Divine Armors. He wanted his armors to resonate with each other, borrowing strength from each predecessor.

Leonel had realized that after he formed his second Divine Armor, because they didn't follow the exact same path, their resonance wasn't perfect and they couldn't borrow strength from one another. The result of this was his first Divine Armor becoming almost meaningless.

After making a mistake once, Leonel definitely wouldn't make it again. If he did this properly, all three Divine Armors would practically become like one entity, exuding far greater strength.

When Leonel was finished with the blueprints, he got to work immediately.

Maybe in the history of the Human Domain, there had never been a mere Fourth Dimensional, or Black Grade treasure, constructed with so many parts.

Leonel remembered that his first Divine Armor was barely a few dozen parts, but now this one was easily into the hundreds and it would only grow more complex. However, his state of focus was so deep that he didn't even seem to notice.

His movements only became faster and faster with every passing moment, a dense Auspicious Air hanging over him.

His Force Quill danced in one hand, his other hand dancing with an impossible speed in the air.

He formed each individual part with conviction. If there was even the slightest mistake, he threw it away and restarted. In the end, he even finally deployed his Starry Spirit Domain, blanketing the region with his Dream World.

His connection with Little Tolly grew even stronger, and his pace touched upon a greater level.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

A smile graced his features. It had been too long since he felt this feeling. Crafting truly made him feel at home. Nothing would escape his control.

"Condense."