Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel met her gaze, his expression calm.

Judging by this person's expression, she was definitely one of the Viror family. But considering the fact she was casually strolling through the Void Palace Senate, the number of people she could be was drastically lowered. The odds that this person was precisely the Treanna Viror that had been harassing Leonel and Aina with her Green Thread Faction.

'This woman sure knows how to hold a grudge. It's only been a year for me, but statistically speaking, it's been at least 10 years for her depending on when she was expelled from the Zone. The fact that she still has the mind to look at me so coldly is asinine.'

Leonel hadn't forgotten the things this woman had done. He hadn't even gone to find her yet, but she seemed to have stumbled into him first.

There were simply certain things that Leonel found to be unacceptable. He had already chosen Aina over the world once. Did this woman believe that she would get off scot-free after ordering her men to not only attack his Aina, but to even do something as demeaning as stripping her down and hanging her up for everyone to see?

Despite the calmness in Leonel's eyes, there was a hidden oppressive aura within that hung in the air.

He didn't care how long he had been gone for, Treanna could count herself lucky that this was the Void Senate and not just any place where Leonel could act as he pleased.F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

He looked away, ignoring her.

He crushed the [Valiant Seal] he formed in his palm and flipped his hand over. With a rush, a surge of Dream Force came out of his hand and caused the "documents" to light up.

The so-called documents were just a few pendants. One was used to record their experiences and the other was used to note down their treasures. Both would be handed in along with the treasures that they received from the Zone.

Others would probably take a few hours, maybe even longer, to finish. But Leonel was someone who had managed to read the entire history of law of the Void Palace in just a few seconds. Now that he had returned even stronger, noting down what occurred in just a two month period, even if it was incredibly detailed, took almost no effort whatsoever.

In fact, while he finished, he also noted to Aina what she should disclose and what she shouldn't. His decision had been made.

Once he was finished, he stood, having taken no more than a few seconds total to finish everything.

The moment he stood, he found Treanna just a meter from him, her gaze sparking.

Leonel had had many thoughts on how this interaction would go, but what he didn't expect was what actually happened. Without a word, or even an attempt to communicate, Treanna's palm suddenly shot forward.

What was shocking, though, was the fact that this palm wasn't aimed for Leonel, but rather Aina who still had her mind within the pendants, marking down everything Leonel had asked of her.

The truth was that making up stories that could fool the Void Palace elders was incredibly difficult. They would be able to pick out the deficiencies in your claims far too quickly. Their minds at that level worked no slower than Leonel's own a few paces back.

So, when Leonel had told Aina what to write, he went into great detail. After all, he was very familiar with what she had experienced and could adjust it as such.

Due to this, Aina hadn't even noticed Treanna's appearance at all because she couldn't split her mind to the same degree Leonel could.

Right then, Leonel's calm expression became frighteningly cold.

With a single step, he blocked the path to Aina and struck out, the speed of his fist being incredibly swift.

BANG!

Palm and fist met, sharp winds whistling into the surroundings.

Leonel's body glowed with a Bronze Aura, dispersing Treanna's strength and adding an extra boost to his own.

Treanna took three heavy steps backward, her gaze flickering with surprise. Even though physical prowess wasn't her strongest suit, she was still a Tier 6 expert of the Sixth Dimension. She shouldn't need to use her strongest abilities to deal with the likes of Leonel, especially since she had attacked first.

However, what Treanna didn't consider was the fact that Leonel could be just as unruly and unreasonable as her.

Someone else might ask her why she had attacked or give her time to recover, but Leonel simply didn't care. He took another strong step forward, the rhythm of his movements causing the ground to vibrate.

BANG!

A cone of wind followed his punch, colliding with Treanna's face without a care for her beauty.

She flew backward and crashed into the wall of the Void Senate hall, the commotion spreading far and wide.

Leonel walked forward as Treanna's vision spun. He picked her up by her neck, and only then did he speak for the first time.

"What did you mean by doing this?"

His voice was doused in a chilly wind, his hand clawing around her neck with a menacing grip.

"Halt!"

At that moment, a surge of aura rushed toward the location, many of whom were completely surprised. No one dared to cause a commotion in the Void Senate, its dignity simply couldn't be encroached upon. And yet today, it had actually happened.

When they converged, they were shocked to find that the person dangling with her feet in the air was actually Treanna.

Treanna was almost too famous in the Void Palace. Despite being from a relatively average family when the wider Void Palace was taken into account, she managed to form a monopoly over the medicinal Factions that only increased after the cataclysm. Just a year ago, she finally managed to reach the heights many could only dream of and she entered a Party of the Senate with thoughts of returning to her Faction in the future and raising it to the status of a Party as well.

But who would have known that this famous individual would be humiliated like this in the Void Senate?

It was then that someone from Treanna's Party arrived, and this person had a bow strapped to their backs.