Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Rosen lowered his head and waited patiently for a reply. He didn't dare to rush these figures who stood at the same and sometimes even far greater heights than the elders of his own family. This was especially so since elders of the Void Palace tended to live far longer than normal humans for reasons that were unknown to the wider population. This allowed them far more time to accumulate and their strength couldn't be underestimated.

Having heard Rosen's story, the Void Elders understood what had happened. They were even able to deduce some of what had likely started this. But, likewise, they were also able to guess at some of Leonel's thoughts due to him brazenly taking such actions.

The conclusion was quite obvious to them and they felt that Leonel was still a little too tender. It was clear that Leonel didn't truly want to hand over this method and the matters with Treanna and her Party had just given him an excuse.

"It's a bit amusing," Galienna, the only one of them to not use a cane, spoke. "It seems that he's learned a bit too much from his father."

Compared to the other elders, although she looked just as old, she also seemed to have a perpetual deep frown tattooed onto her brows. The way she clasped her hand behind her back and stood as straight as a spear despite her age spoke volumes.

She looked as though she could step onto a field right this moment and become a drill sergeant.

The other Void Elders didn't respond to this immediately. It seemed that they were still thinking of ways to deal with this situation properly. They were the Void Palace, not some hell house. They couldn't just capture students and torture information out of them, what would that make them look like?

This didn't even consider the fact of if they dared to. The Void Palace could be considered to be a tier above all other human powers, but it would still be foolish of them to target a member of a prominent family, especially when it was a family of madmen like the Morales.F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Montez had been banished from the Void Palace long ago, but didn't he still come and go as he pleased? And that was doubly so for Velasco who had even taken the arm of the young man right before them right now.

"Mm. His edge needs to be dulled," Void Elder Lizbeth spoke lightly.

"Let things take their course, then," Wimarc finished.

The three spoke as though they could read each other's thoughts. There was a smooth flowing progression from one to the next, and their words only became more enigmatic as they passed along as though they were playing some kind of higher dimensional game of telephone.

"You can go back, child of the Suiard family. No need to do anything special," Wimarc said.

Rosen's gaze flashed, but by the time he looked up, the three elders had already vanished, leaving a shiver in his heart.

Rosen was too intelligent to not understand where this was going. "Learned too much from his father", "edge needs to be dulled", "let things take their course"…?

Leonel was the very last to return while most had returned years ago. Although there were a few that had returned within the last year, it could be said that the bulk of individuals had returned over a decade ago.

This made sense. After all, the further away one was from Leonel when the phenomena began, the quicker they were to return. Leonel hadn't met anyone else that was of the Void Palace during the demon hunting event, so the likelihood that anyone was close enough to him to only return recently was very small.

Whether it was Leonel or Aina, both of them had come from the most talented generation. In the future, there was no doubt that they'd eventually catch up to those lofty figures who had already surpassed their seniors. However, they would still need the same amount of time that these "lofty figures" had needed as well.

But Leonel was unlucky.

He had done a great service to the Void Palace by helping everyone to return and allowing the Human Domain to have a chance at survival. But in doing so, he had caused him to lag behind by as much as two decades in comparison to his peers.

Among these peers, there were a great number who were still dissatisfied with the result of the Rapax Nest trials and how Leonel had stopped them all from benefitting. There were the Archer Factions who were furious about the loss of their White Lion bow. There were the Sword Factions who were infuriated by the actions of his father back then. And there were even Leonel's own cousins who wanted nothing more than for him to be suppressed as the previously postponed Morales Heir Wars were quickly approaching.

They as Void Elders had no need to stoop to the point of dealing with a child. Very soon, he would find himself stifled to the point that he may very well beg to enter the mines and obediently dig for a decade. By that point, the information they wanted would be neatly arranged for them on a silver platter.

When Rosen came to understand their intentions, his heart couldn't help but tremble. The understanding toward even the present situation of the Void Palace that the Void Elders had was beyond expectations. Even sitting here on their thrones, the entirety of the Human Domain was still in the palm of their aged hands.

Rosen exhaled a breath, but it came out uneven and shuddering. He couldn't help but look inwardly and ask himself how many things he had done in the "dark" that were also so clear to them.

He rose to his full height and walked out slowly, throwing these matters to the back of his mind.

He had a feeling that in these few months, there would be quite some upheaval in the Void Palace, but it wouldn't have anything to do with him.