Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Adelan was startled.

He had indeed become a bit bored of this job because it was nothing but repeating the same things over and over again, while watching money he had no fate with being exchanged.

However, as a member of one of the Cataclysm Factions, he had great pride in his heart to be able to step foot in this place at all.

He hadn't been in the Void Palace previously, and actually came after the Cataclysm Generation. As such, this Void Palace was the only one he knew, and he most definitely didn't recognize Leonel and Aina.

All he knew was that while this wasn't the first time someone had tried to disrupt the status quo, they all had the very same ending.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"Stop!"

Adelan shot to his feet, the intent in his eyes blazing. Although he could call the guards over, with how boring this job was, how could he not want to take action personally? Plus, relying on guards wasn't necessary in the slightest. Weren't they all geniuses here?

In addition, while the Cataclysm Generation was the most famous, the generations that came after were very well known for their talent as well, especially as the influence of Earth spread further and further, and more geniuses began to be born beneath the halo a world with a high degree of potential.

Adelan himself was from quite a famous generation, one that entered two years after the Void Palace was officially re-established. As such, he was well into the Sixth Dimension and the strength he had at his fingertips was not small in the slightest. It was just that he wasn't a very prominent figure of his own generation, or else how could he be manning a kiosk?

His fist whistled over not even an instant after his words fell, but his roar alone had caught the attention of countless individuals. Although this wasn't exactly a quiet space, the roar of a Sixth Dimensional genius couldn't be underestimated.

The coldness in Leonel's eyes only flickered with more intensity.

It seemed that it was true that no one remembered him, but then again, could he blame him? Even back then, how famous had he been? He was still considered to be a small time disciple, a very long way from the Sector Rank and even longer from the Domain Rank, it couldn't be said that his name was enough to call forth winds and bring forth thunder.

But this time, he would make sure that it did.

Leonel's head turned back and he raised a single palm. He didn't push out, nor did he apply any strength forward, he simply raised it, almost as though he was helping Adelan to spar and not seeking to harm him at all.

Adelan's fist plowed forward with even more force when he saw this, but when the collision occurred…

BANG!

Adelan froze before a miserable shriek echoed through the air.

In that moment, it felt as though every bone in his arm had suddenly crumbled to dust. He fell back, frothing at the mouth and collapsing under the shocking pain.

Countless gazes turned over and shock colored their faces.

That kiosk worker, wasn't he a member of the Lion Pride Faction? Who dared to hurt him like this? No, more importantly, who could harm a member of the Lion Pride Faction so easily? Even their desk workers were experts among experts.

While the crowd was thinking this, Leonel simply looked down at Adelan's convulsing body.

'He's barely at the standard of a Middle Class demon. Even if he released his God Runes, he'd be comparable to a Higher Class demon at best. Is this what all these people yielded to?'

Leonel turned away and didn't give Adelan another glance.

With the shrill screech of Adelan still echoing in the air, the so-called guards were all alerted. Today was the turn of the Lion Pride Faction to take guarding duties over, and as such, they were all part of this very same Faction.

"What is going on over here?!"

The voice rang out like a thunderous boom, but before he could even get an answer, Leonel pierced out with two fingers.

It was as though Leonel couldn't be bothered to deal with any more nonsense. Every time he tapped at the air, blood would fly and cries would follow.

His pace forward didn't pause even the slightest, but he wasn't fast either. It was like he was taking his time to ensure that this was imprinted onto the memories of all those who saw it.

Members of the Lion Pride Faction fell one after another. Some lost arms, some lost legs, some were punctured right through their chests, and there were even some who suffered wounds to their necks that left them in a frozen state of panic, feeling as though their lives had just flashed before their eyes.

Regardless of which category they fell under, none dared to take another step, and yet the commotion only grew larger and larger to the point that even those surrounding the Void Tower in the depths were alerted by it.

Leonel approached the second "checkpoint". It was clear that these Factions and Parties had set up multiple such points to ensure that no one could sneak in. To enter, one would be verified, and then verified again, for a total of three checkpoints before entering the core region.

Leonel's slow steps toward this second checkpoint placed a formless weight on those forming a barrier around it, a suffocating pressure threatening to squeeze all of the life out of them.

A hidden purple fog danced within Leonel's eyes. And if one looked even deeper, it was possible to see it rotating about and caressing the body of a golden Tablet.

The presence of this purple fog seemed to project out the emotions in Leonel's chest. The skies became even darker and gloomier than usual, the ground became more black than grey, and the air became heavy, even a single breath needing all of one's strength as though a mountain was weight down upon their chests.

BANG!

Right then, a young man with wild golden hair that almost looked like the mane of a lion bounded over with a single leap.

Leonel had met people of this family before. Conon and Gunter were both the geniuses of the Lio family who participated in the selection with him, and he had exchanged some particularly foul words with Conon, while Gunter was more of a quiet individual.

This young man here was neither of those two, but he exuded the wild aura of someone in Tier 4 of the Sixth Dimension. And yet, the pressure he gave off was far beyond that of the likes of Treanna who had been surpassed by the generations that came after her.

"Who are you? There are still people who dare do such things after so long?"

The young man's voice rumbled like thunder.

When others saw him, their blood seized. It seemed that it wasn't a lie that special characters would be participating today, or else someone like him wouldn't appear here.

He was of the same generation as Adelan, but the difference between them was akin to night and day. In fact, he had already entered Tier 7 once before, before he learned a special technique that allowed him to compress his God Foundation and purify it.

He was none other than Derrion Lio, one of the few geniuses that could contend with the Cataclysm Generation.