Leonel looked toward Valor, his expression still placid.

He was the only one of the Morales family not recognizable at a single glance, but the others were all too easy to get a look at. The bronzed hair, tanned skin, pale green eyes… It was all the exact same. It didn't seem to matter who their Morales parent chose to tie the knot with, the Morales genes always seemed to win out.

Leonel had been the same in the past until certain mutations in his Lineage Factors caused changes to occur, but this wasn't too difficult to accept. After all, considering Earth's talent, the Lineage Factors birthed from there were most definitely not normal. Maybe it would take such a thing to finally make the Morales genes take a step back.

The crowd was shocked when they heard Valor speak.

They all knew of this young man and his stature was no less than that of the Cataclysm Generation. In fact, there was no doubt that the Six Potential Heirs of the Morales family were all Kings amongst men. It was just that being the young, Valor was the last to have yet to step into the Seventh Dimension, but even so, he was only a step away.

While the Void Palace counted generations by the year, the Morales family counted generation by grandfather, father and son pairings, with decades being in between. Anyone of their billions of descendants that could earn the right to fight for the position of Heir was an absolute monster, and they had proven this with time.

Leonel had already been far behind them when he finally made it to the Void Palace in the first place, but he was placed even further behind after losing 20 years. Valor was probably the only one among them that he still stood a good chance against in a one on one battle.

However, even with this being the case, Leonel met his cousin's gaze without much fluctuation.

"The Heir Wars were postponed for your sake. The family was quite confident that you would return."

Leonel's expression flickered, a bit of his indifference receding. He could tell after these short few sentences that the coldness Valor was exuding had little to do with him, this was just his cousin's personality. Since he was willing to talk, there really wasn't a problem with doing so.

The Morales Heir Wars had been postponed due to the events of the Cataclysm. Usually, they would ensure that the Heirs Wars would occur while all of the Heirs were still in the Sixth Dimension, but this time, it had been impossible to allow this.

"The current plan is to wait until we all enter the Seventh Dimension, or else it won't be very fair. So we will all be waiting for you."

Leonel paused before nodding lightly. He hadn't expected this, he had entered into this matter assuming that it would all be unfair, and he was prepared for that outcome. But it seemed that the Morales family had no intention of allowing things to be so skewed.

"Mm," Valor nodded back. "You want to enter the Void Tower?"

"Yes, that was my intention." Leonel responded.

"Okay, then enter. No one will block you."

The expressions of the others had been a mix between shock and interest while they were listening to the two speak. But when they heard Valor's final words, their expressions changed.

"Valor, you can't just do what you want. The spots today are already claimed, what exactly do you mean by this?"Wymlan spoke immediately.

With Wymlan's size, despite the fact he only felt that he was talking with a normal amount of sternness, his voice came out in a thunderous boom that caused vibrations in the air.

Valor turned an indifferent glance toward Wymlan but didn't say a single word.

Rules? Spots? Did he ever have to pay attention to such stupid things? He had strolled in here just like Leonel had because he happened to have some time on his hands today, the only difference was that no one had dared to stop him because they all recognized his face.

It was unfortunate for Leonel that he had just returned, or else most would probably give him the same amount of face. Unfortunately, even if people recognized him now, it was unlikely that they'd do so. He hadn't built up enough of a legend before the Cataclysm, and now he had lost 20 years compared to the others.

Seeing that he was so blatantly ignored, Wymlan's temper flared, his battle ax shin guard shining with a radiant light as they seemed to want to unsheathe themselves.

However, the moment they did, a raging tempest of Spear Force surged around Valor. Even with his arms crossed about his chest, it seemed that he could pierce Wymlan through with a single look. Right then, it felt like the very light of Wymlan's battle axes dimmed considerably.

Wymlan's expression along with the others turned incomparably ugly. Valor was in Tier 9 while the strongest of them was still in Tier 7. But even if they had been at the same level, they wouldn't have dared to casually take Valor on.

At that moment, Quonor, one of the few women among them, spoke. Her approach was much different than the brutish Wymlan.

"I see. So in that case, this must be Seventh Nova and your younger cousin, hm? I've heard that he's very famous, but little of it actually has anything to do with him.

"The first thing you think of when you think Seventh Nova is his father and the latter's tyrannical ways, even chopping off the arm of a Senate Party Leader, how valiant.

"The second thing you think of is his mother, a Goddess for sure, but also a woman who let her son earn an Amethyst Token through some backdoor methods.

"The third thing you think of is his uncle, a war god amongst men, and aunt, yet another goddess, who both also happened to let him use the Spear Faction's facilities for absolutely free for an entire year.

"And now it seems that he wants to rely on another family member again?RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"You can do as you please, Valor. We all know that we aren't strong enough to stop you. But your Morales family seems to be getting more and more tyrannical every day, flouting the laws of the Void Palace and acting as you please. Now, you know very well who's quartered the Void Tower for use today, but you're still choosing to do this.

"It seems that the Morales family cares very little for the opinions of us "small" families, hm?"

Leonel's eyes narrowed.

He could care less about Quonor's words. He was a person who could easily get infuriated for the sake of those he cared about, but when someone was being debasing toward himself, he didn't even find it difficult to remain completely indifferent or even entirely ignore it.

The trouble was that Quonor's words seemed to be hinting at something far deeper than just a bit of nepotism, and the frightening chill in Valor's eyes, even more frigid than normal, spoke volumes toward that effect.