Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The Force Art actually rushed toward Leonel's eyes again. He could feel as the Force ran from his eyes to his brain and back again. The process was the exact same as last time, but the results were different.

The first time, Leonel felt that his vision became far sharper than it had in the past, and this time, this was somewhat what happened as well. But this wasn't all that happened. It felt as though he could suddenly see on a different wavelength.

Not only could he see the visual light spectrum, but he could now also see in the infrared light spectrum. This was a step more useful to Leonel than just sharper vision would be, and there were even applications of it that would be far more useful than just Internal Sight would be.

Still, it wasn't enough to be groundbreaking. However, the step up from the last reward made Leonel perk up. He really wanted to see just how far this would go.

When he passed the third trial, he gained not just infrared vision, but something similar to x-ray vision. From what Leonel understood about light waves, x-ray vision, at least taken in the most literal sense, wouldn't work properly.

X-ray waves were too rare in the world to be used like other waves of light could. This would mean that someone with x-ray vision would have to be both an x-ray wave emitter and receptor. Even if a higher Dimensional individual wouldn't have to worry about the side effect of cancer, acting as both an emitter and receptor would make the ability useless.

In practice, this would mean that Leonel would have to emit waves first and then rush to the other side of his enemy to see what came out of the other side. Even though he could theoretically do this if he relied on his Starry Light Domain, it was simply too ridiculous to use in battle, especially since the best application of this vision would be to spot things he didn't know were there in the first place.

How would he run to the other side of something he wasn't aware of the existence of?

This was why Leonel was sure this so-called x-ray vision worked based on different principles. If he was correct, it likely relied on detecting and using higher forms of Light Force.

Regardless of what principles it worked on, it was yet another step up. All three of the abilities worked together well, but what somewhat irked Leonel was that they didn't seem to be willing to fuse into a true whole. He felt that if this happened, there would be a qualitative change.

Unfortunately, what Leonel was hoping for wouldn't happen precisely because of the fact the Bow Domain Ring no longer existed in the Human Domain. Without it, how could these abilities fuse into the true Bow Domain Lineage Factor?

Still, Leonel continued. Although he couldn't fuse these techniques, he could still somewhat force them to work in tandem using his control over his body. Together, they were far more useful to Leonel and it was enough to bring a smile to his face.

When Leonel stepped into the fourth trial, he found that the difficulty increased somewhat and the frame of time he could use his bow construct for was drastically lowered, but he still managed to achieve the highest honors with relative ease.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

When he received the reward, Leonel found that the world around him changed. Just looking around, he could see Force flowing through the air. 

It felt quite surreal. Usually, Force could only be seen in high concentrations. This was because Neutral Force, the most ubiquitous kind of Force and it was colorless and transparent. It was only when someone with an affinity called forward a particular kind of Force and increased its concentration, or more often, expelled it from their bodies, would Force be visible to the naked eye.

But right now, Leonel was certain that this was what he was seeing.

He didn't see it in color… But it was almost as though he could feel it.

It was difficult to explain. The Neutral Force was still colorless, and yet Leonel still felt like he could "see" it.

Leonel rushed forward to the fifth trial, finally feeling somewhat agitated.

When he passed it, his sense of Neutral Force became fiercer. When he looked down at his arm, he could see the flow of Force flowing through him. It was like his x-ray vision had suddenly progressed to the point where he could observe the flow of Force within the bodies of others.

Leonel's heart skipped a bit. If the first trial's rewards were easily shrugged off by him, this was an absolute game changer. If this ability was paired with his Ability Index, his predictive abilities would reach a completely different level.

So long as he saw an individual circulate a technique once, he would know exactly when they would use it again. In fact, just with a glance, so long as someone used a technique that he was familiar with, he would be able to copy it.

Others who might have gained this ability would have no chance at doing this. The network of Nodal Pathways and Nodes in bodies of everyone was different, it was a complex net that was impossible to tease apart at a glance, and it only became more complex as one rose through the Tiers.

However, with his mind, would this be a problem for Leonel?

Leonel rushed into the sixth trial and finally began feeling some pressure. Targets rotated all around him with no sense of reason or thought, it was the picture of chaos. Even after several minutes, Leonel couldn't find any patterns.

Without a choice, Leonel could only use a brute force method, shooting his arrows so fast that the erratic movements of the targets didn't have a chance to dodge out of his way. For the first time, Leonel didn't manage to hit the targets exactly in their center, but he had adjusted for enough error that it didn't matter.

A slight sweat fell from Leonel's brows as he faced the pillar of light once again. An even more complex Force Art took shape.