Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel relaxed a bit seeing that his aunt wasn't ready and waiting to devour him. But he shivered when he felt another gaze boring into him.

Leonel coughed lightly, turning toward Aina slowly before forcing a smile. But then, as though a light bulb was going off in his head, his expression changed into a shocked one.

"Ah! What a beauty! Ma'am, can you please tell me your name? I'll remember it for a lifetime and cherish your sweet voice for eternity!"

Aina was stunned for a moment before she rolled her eyes and began to walk away.

Leonel ran after her, peppering her with all the corny lines he could think of.

Try as she might, Aina found it too difficult to hold back her laugh under Leonel's relentless barrage. Although she covered her mouth when it slipped out, it was already too late.

Leonel grinned, sweeping her waist into his arm and ignoring her faux attempt at fighting back. As he saw it, this was a victory. He didn't seem to care about the gazes he was getting either.

"What do you want to do now?" Aina asked.

Hearing such a question, Leonel bent down and whispered into her ear. She thought it was serious so she listened attentively at first, but the longer he went, the more red she seemed to become. However, even after she had become a ripe tomato, Leonel didn't seem to have any intention of finishing his list.

"Alright! Okay!"

Aina pushed him away with two hands, blushing profusely. She couldn't even repeat the things he had said, they were way too embarrassing.

Leonel laughed. "There's nothing to do until we get the rest of our Void Merits come the end of the month and there's nothing of interest here to me outside of the Void Library. So unless you want to do something, we can just relax."

"Nothing to do, hm?"

Leonel shivered when he heard this voice, turning back to see his aunt. He could only smile sheepishly, trying to remain ingratiating. This woman was truly nothing short of a t-rex in female form. If she wanted to, she could probably run in a straight line through the Void Palace and never turn or climb up, nothing, whether building or natural landscape would be able to stop her forward charge.

Toward such a woman that even his uncle feared, Leonel had to walk on eggshells.

"In that case, you can start paying back what you owe the Spear Faction."

Leonel opened his mouth to respond, but he was immediately cut off.

"Don't start the nonsense with me. Although you can enter for free now, that doesn't change what you owed before. If you want to pay it back, you have to do some work or else how will I maintain order around her?"

Leonel could only pout inwardly. He had really wanted to do all those dirty things he whispered into Aina's ear, he had truly been a virgin for too long. But who knew that the moment that he had decided to go full speed ahead he would be stopped like this? This was one of the greatest injustices in the world.

"Good, much better than that disobedient father of yours. Now, if you want to pay off your debt…"

Leonel blinked. At first, he was curious about the relationship between his father and aunt. Although he couldn't tell by her looks, it felt like his aunt was far older than his father, which also meant that she was far older than his uncle as well. Who would have thought that his uncle would have been a cougar kind of man.

However, as Leonel's thoughts were drifting aimlessly, what his aunt wanted to do drifted into his ears and caused his eyes to twitch.

"… Come again?" Leonel asked.

"Off you go. Don't think of returning until you've done your task properly."

Leonel was shooed away and Aina was actually forced to stay back. Leonel asked why, but he immediately regretted doing so.

"You two little cubs want to baby-make before me? Absolutely not."

Leonel could only cough while Aina glared at him through her blush. Clearly, she was blaming him for this. They both had methods of communicating in secret, but he had insisted on whispering into her ear for added effect. With the hearing of a Seventh Dimensional existence, what good was whispering? They had been completely exposed.

Leonel turned and vanished with a strong step. It was best he get out of here as fast as possible so he wouldn't have to find out whether Aina's glare or his embarrassment would kill him first.

As he moved through the Void Palace, he thought about what his aunt wanted him to do and shook his head. He really was a good person, not causing trouble and keeping his head down, but circumstances kept forcing his hand. This time, it truly wasn't his fault.

Well, this could be considered to be their fault as well. After all, if they hadn't antagonized the Spear Faction so much of these last few years and caused his aunt to be so unhappy, this wouldn't be happening either. So now, Leonel just had to uphold justice. There wasn't anything else for him to do.

Leonel sighed and shook his head. He really was a good guy, truly.

To most people Leonel passed by he was nothing more than a blur, his speed reaching a level impossible to track for many Sixth Dimensional students, especially not those that could only be considered to be Galaxy Rank. Maybe only Sector Ranked disciples could hope to stand a chance.

With another tap, Leonel appeared atop a large pillar, his actions immediately causing an uproar.

"Hey!"

"Get down from there! Who do you think you are!?"

Leonel sighed again. Welp, here we go.

Despite his expression, Leonel was giggling like a little girl in his heart. Sometimes, being a villain was fun. Why hadn't he tried this out before?DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"Sword Faction trash!" Leonel's voice boomed, echoing again and again over the large mountains of the Void Palace. "I've come to challenge you all!"