Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel's booming words traveled far and wide, so much so that many Factions outside of the Sword Faction heard his call. In fact, even the Spear Faction which he had just left heard him.

Challenges between Factions wasn't unheard of, but doing it like this most definitely was. Even when the Sword Faction had gone to antagonize the Spear Faction, they didn't do it so openly and boldly. While they had appeared outside of the Spear Faction, they didn't levy a formal challenge, all they did was wait and the sparks of battle happened naturally.

Of course, doing even that was highly arrogant and it caused the fury of the Spear Faction. But back then, the Sword Faction had gained the upper hand especially with the fall of the Stalwart Polearm Party. The gap wasn't enormous, but between such strong existences, just small differences were able to tip the balance.

Now that the Sword Faction controlled the Senate, the treatment sword wielders received was just a margin better. This only became more exaggerated after the new tacit rule changes and the battle for missions became a more corrupt process.

After the return of the Morales family Heirs, the situation had stabilized, but with the Stalwart Polearm Party still having been downgraded to a Faction and not having had the chance to return to their former glory, while the suppression had weakened, it hadn't outright vanished just yet.

Under this situation, there was only so much that the Morales family Heirs could do, especially when the Suiard family Heirs were just as powerful. The only difference between the Morales family and Suiard family was that they had chosen their Heir early on with Amery and as such they didn't have a title like the "Seven Novas".

After the Suiard family Heirs and the Morales family Heirs began entering the Seventh Dimension one after another, they became restricted by the rules of the Void Palace and were limited in their ability to interfere in such things.

This ultimately left Valor as the only remaining member who could hold the line. But he was just one person and very soon, he too would enter the Seventh Dimension, leaving no one behind who could stop the rise of the Sword Faction.

In such a situation, unless First Nove quickly helped the Stalwart Polearm Party return to the status of a Party instead of the Legacy Faction they currently were, things would only get worse and worse.

But, not to mention the fact that returning to the status of a Party was very difficult, even if they did, unless they could also return to being a Majority leader, it would all be useless.

In truth, First Nova could have long since brought the Stalwart Polearm Faction back to the status of a Party. But he had been forced to hold back for this reason. Unless they could sweep the Senate and reclaim a Majority, or at least a Shared Majority, they would only be shooting themselves in the foot due to certain complex rules.

Ultimately, this led to the situation as it was here. The Spear Faction was still being oppressed and the Sword Faction was quickly becoming stronger and stronger. Now, the only path Ness saw was to send in her nephew to wreak some havoc…

And that he would.

Leonel grinned, grabbing at the air and forming a spear out of Emulation Spatial Force.

With a pierce of his spear, a blinding Spear Force shot forward, splitting the ground and the gates to the Sword Faction in two.

The light didn't stop, suddenly rising into the air and splitting even the Sword Faction's logo and sign in two.

Only after it did that did the spear light vanish into thin air, blinking out of existence and leaving nothing but a hushed silence.

The members of the Sword Faction couldn't believe what they were seeing, so much so that their previous rage vanished into nothingness for a long while. But when it returned, it did so with a vengeance, roars of rage filling the surroundings.

Leonel tapped a foot and vanished from the pillar he stood upon, landing on the ground with light steps.

A small gust of wind kicked up the dust on the well paved road as the cries of several sword hums rose into the skies.

In their fury, the Sword Faction members forgot the normal rules of engagement. Rather than sending someone at Tier 1 just like Leonel, they didn't even bother with such things, charging forward all at once as though they would well and truly kill him.

Leonel's smile didn't fade, the tip of his spear dipping down slightly as he held it forward. Compared to the army he had just battled, these Sword Faction members seemed… too small.

He pierced out once, but his blade seemed to appear in dozens of locations all at once.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Blood flew, limbs danced in the skies and cries of agony replaced the ones of fury.

Leonel casually took a step forward. Every one of his thrusts severed the battle capability of half a dozen people on the low end and upward of two dozen on the high. He was like a menacing beast, lashing out his tail whip wherever he went and taking no prisoners.

"Back up! He's from the Morales family! That's the Absolute Spear Domain! Only those who have grasped at least part of the Absolute Sword Domain should go forward!"

The roar of fury came from the back. It was only now that they realized that Leonel was actually a member of the Morales family. Usually, they could tell with a single glance, but other than his tanned and bronzed skin, Leonel truly looked nothing like a Morales.

The quality of opponents Leonel faced suddenly changed. Swirls of Sword and Spear Force shot into the air. There was no doubt that those who could touch onto the secrets of these Domains were extraordinary. But, without the full Lineage Factor, how could they stand up to him with this alone?

Leonel continued to walk forward, entering the Sword Faction with the same light smile on his face. The roars of rage seemed to be like a tonic for his soul.

He pierced forward again, causing three arms to spin into the air.

In the distance, several powerful auras converged, their bodies looking like swords streaking across the skies.