Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The smiles on the faces of the Sword Faction members froze as Leonel took another casual step forward.

With a wave of his hand, several bubbles appeared in the air, encasing the swords flying about the surroundings and locking them in space.

This was precisely what Emulation Spatial Force was best at. He might be limited in his ability to use it to move since his comprehension of it was too low, but when it came to stacking and locking space, it truly earned its right as a top five Spatial Force in all of existence.

With another step, Ethereal Star Force wrapped around Leonel's body, his speed skyrocketing as he appeared before the Sina family member.

His spear pierced forward. Its tip was so small, and yet the momentum behind it felt like a raging tsunami. Just looking at it, the heart of the Sina family member rose and fell in waves, his head snapping from left to right only to find the two Suiard family members flying by his sides, unable to stop themselves.

He roared, taking out another sword and swinging out with all the might that he could muster. But before he could even finish his strike, the aura of Leonel's Absolute Spear Domain shredded his accumulating Force to pieces, assimilating his Sword Force and making the rushing tsunami grow all the taller.

The Sina family member was sent flying into the distance before Leonel's spear even landed, his bones being crushed beneath the pressure as though he was facing a Demon General.

He crashed along the ground, the whites of his eyes rolling forward as he began to foam at the mouth. It was hard to tell if he would ever have the capacity to battle again.

Leonel's spear aura continued to wash forward, wreaking havoc everywhere it went and shredding the attempts to block it into pieces.

It crushed everything in its path, catching up to the flying Suiard family members and ravaging the both.

Leonel came to a stop, clicking his tongue slightly as he retracted the rest of his strike. It seemed that he had gotten a bit overly excited and used a bit too much strength. With the current state of his Sword Force, whenever he unleashed too much of it, he wouldn't even have to strike down most people. Most so-called geniuses would just directly crumble.

Leonel had a feeling that this was a result of high level Force Manipulation, a direct suppression that truly represented a gap between Dimensions.

In the most literal sense, a person who was a Dimension above you should be infinitely more powerful. No matter how powerful he was in the Sixth Dimension, he should never be able to face someone in the Seventh Dimension.

However, in practice, at least until now, he had never experienced such a gap… Not until, at least, he had entered that Zone.

But in that Zone, the true gap lay not in Dimensions, but in degree of Force Manipulation. The blue cobra demon had been able to toy with him like a ragdoll precisely because of this gap.

While Leonel had yet to figure out how to progress his other Forces reliably, his grandfather had already done the work for him when it came to the spear, so it wasn't a surprise that his current Spear Force was so absolutely suffocating.

If it wasn't for the fact he had gotten a bit excited knowing how to progress his Spear Force from now on, he wouldn't have displayed so much of it. If he was too unrestrained, he might truly accidentally kill someone.

Leonel looked around and chuckled slightly.

Even those that hadn't been wrapped up in his spear aura and escaped injuries had mostly fainted. Those that managed to retain their consciousness had all fallen to the ground. If one came to look now without knowing what had happened, they would have never guessed that this was actually the famous Sword Faction.

Leonel looked around as though trying to see if there was anyone else, but after a while, no one stepped forward so he could only shrug. It seemed that the truly powerful members of the Sword Faction were busy today, lucky him, that meant that his job would end early. Now he could rush back to his Aina.

Whistling a small tune, Leonel crushed his Emulation Spatial Force spear and began to casually walk away.

He paused for a moment when he remembered that he had kept the Sina family member's swords locked in place. With a thought, he released them and caught one in his hands before nodding to himself.

There wasn't anything special about the swords aside from being a bit lighter than normal, even though their construction was fairly ordinary. It was truly the Force and the secrets behind their manipulation that made them so powerful.

'Hm?'

Leonel's eyes sharpened, zooming into a section of the blade just before the hilt. There was a mark there so faint that if not for his gaining the pieces of the Bow Domain Lineage Factor, he would have never seen it.

Right there, there were the faint etchings of what looked like delicate calligraphy.

Leonel tossed the sword away and grasped at another one, then another. Each time he finished, he nodded to himself.

All of the swords had this brand. One could have easily mistaken it for the signature of a Craftsmen, if it wasn't for the fact that they were all just the slightest bit different.

'If I incorporate this into that... Yes, the results would be excellent...'

Leonel slotted this into the back of his mind before tossing the swords aside and walking awake. In his wake, the groans of swordsmen and women echoed through the Faction.

In the distance, the Seventh Dimensional overseers of the Sword Faction could only clench their fists, unable to do anything.

As for Cornelius, who was still following in the skies, he had already rubbed a few layers of skin from his forehead. This child would truly be the end of him.nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

He had just returned, why was he already in the center of so many storms?! This would definitely not end so simply.