Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel got up with a yawn. With a quick flicker of his eyes, he could tell exactly how long had passed and felt that it was about time he made his way to the Void Library.

With a thought, he appeared outside of the Segmented Cube and took a step, quickly heading in that direction. Not too long later, he was standing before a familiar flight of steps, one that it had taken him a great deal of effort to climb when last he was here.

Leonel smiled lightly, thinking about that moment. Because he only had 24 hours back then, he was in a great rush, so he had gone right from the stairs to the library, even wasting an Instant Recovery so that he would be in the best shape possible so that he could minimize the time he wasted.

Now, however, Leonel didn't think that so much was necessary. These stairs that had been daunting before felt so very normal to him now.

With a step, he vanished, leaping hundreds of stairs at once as he blazed a path upward, leaving many who were still climbing in his dust. Even as he moved, his speed only seemed to become faster and faster. By the time he looked up, he could already see the shadow of the library, the smile on his face widening.

Leonel stomped his foot hard when he next contacted the ground, propelling himself upward with a wind tearing momentum.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

BANG!

He landed heavily at the top of the stairs, several glances landing on him all at once.

Leonel knew that many of these people were Domain Ranked disciples, a silent herd of individuals he could only see in very rare places like this one. They were truly mysterious.

The last time he was here, even he couldn't quite feel their true strength. But now he was absolutely certain that they had enough power to crush him with a finger.

That said, that could only be expected. It was impossible to be a Domain Ranked disciple without first being a Seventh Dimensional existence, but even then, that wasn't enough. It also required a certain amount of talent as well, much like the other ranks.

Of course, just stepping into the Seventh Dimension alone was a testament to one's talent.

The Sixth Dimension could be considered to be a huge watershed, even more so if you were following the God Path. If one had enough time, they could brute force their way into the Fifth Dimension, but entering the Sixth required a certain level of personal achievement, something that placed you far above the masses.

The Seventh Dimension was an even more exaggerated version of this, leaving it as a watershed reserved for only the cream of the crop of an already small population.

But these Domain Ranked disciples were even a step above that. It was no wonder it was so difficult for the past Leonel to see through them.

Still, Leonel just smiled lightly and stepped toward the library's doors before he entered a familiar world of darkness. All around him, the bits and pieces of the network that he had already formulated lay untouched.

Leonel took a breath and he sunk into a state of meditation, spreading his Starry Spirit Domain outward.

Over these last few days of sleep, he had allowed his mind to adjust to its most ultimate state, but he had also considered other things quite thoroughly.

There seemed to be a very special connection between the best resources of the Void Palace. Whether it was the Pagodas, the Void Tower, or the Void Library, all of them had a very thin thread connecting them all…

Dream Force.

It wasn't too obvious at first, but Leonel felt that there had to be a reason for all of this, and he felt that it was even more obvious when it was considered that the only place he ever saw Domain Ranked disciples was in this very place.

If the Domain Ranked disciples knew of Leonel's thoughts, they would be quite shocked. This was because the reason for these matters was only made known to them after they reached their current disciple rank. Before that, they were in the dark like everyone else.

Leonel also hadn't forgotten his shocking realization about Zones and how their very being seemed to be formed of Dream Force as well, to the point where he was even able to use his affinity to find secrets within it.

However, all of these bits and pieces of information led him nowhere. He didn't have an answer for it all and he could only sit in idle curiosity…

Unless, that is, he could find a potential answer here.

Leonel knew that he was running out of time in the Void Palace. Those lurking enemies of his in the darkness might have let him stay for a bit longer if he was weaker or more low profile, but they would soon realize that the more time he was given, the more difficult it would be for them to do what they wanted to do.

In that case, this meant that Leonel would only have one go at this, one final stretch within the Void Library, one final chance to learn everything it had to offer.

Leonel's eyes snapped open, his Force rushing out like a tsunami. One after another, floating motes of light rushed toward him in batches of dozens at a time. Unlike the previous time where he biased it with Spatial Force research, this time, he didn't discriminate against anything.

Today, no matter how many times he had to use Instant Recovery, he would do it. He really wanted to see who would give in first…

Himself? Or the Void Library?

…

As Leonel's battle was beginning, the machinations that he was certain would unfold had indeed begun to. But the location where they began would be a surprise even to him, albeit quite a small one. That was because the center of the coming storm would begin in a place he was quite familiar with: the very same information network he had paid twice for information on Treanna Viror.

This was none other than the Winding Shadow Faction, now known as the Winding Shadow Legacy Faction, run by none other than Ronan Sith.