Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel didn't force himself to make a decision, still focused on assimilating more. However, part of his mind still wanted to feel like he was headed in the right direction, so he allotted some of his thoughts to organize this information slowly.

Ultimately, the main difference between the two paths was that one was focused on physical manifestations of change while the other was more focused on ethereal manifestations.

'Wait…'

Leonel had quite a real world example of this, did he not? His grandfather's step by step progression from calligraphy to painting, which category did it fall into? Was a physical? Or ethereal?

There was no fundamental change to the way Leonel utilized his Spear Force. It was fundamentally a change that occurred on the ethereal level, changing the Artistic Conception that breathed power into his spear.

That was that, case closed… Right?

But when looked at from a different angle, it was also a physical change. After all, Leonel was consciously manipulating his Spear Force with the use of his Dream Class technique to form a different demeanor by which he could project a powerful Artistic Conception.

Due to this, he had found it difficult even to properly use his Spear Domain Lineage Factor as it required a more ethereal comprehension. On its face, this was clearly a contradiction. But maybe that was because his way of framing it was wrong from the very beginning.

Although the manifestation was ethereal, didn't it have a physical presence? Weren't the changes that happened "ethereally" used to catalyze real world changes?

So no, the difference here couldn't possibly be a matter of physical and ethereal, it was deeper than that.

Leonel felt that he was on the cusp of understanding something, but it was too profound for him to quite grasp. Even as he tore through the research papers, he still couldn't quite find his answer. For the first time, he felt that his intelligence actually wasn't high enough and it was quite frustrating.

In truth, Leonel was being too hard on himself. Enlightenment wasn't meant to come in endless waves, and even when they did, there would be peaks and valleys. These were things meant to be researched over the course of a lifetime, not just grasped in a single day.

But Leonel just kept pushing.

He didn't want to understand it all at once, what he wanted was a spark, a single ignition that would light the small fire he would protect until it became a raging inferno. So, he turned to an ability he had relied on for years: his Dreamscape.

Leonel created his Dreamscape, ironically, within a library as well, although it was very different from this one. That library had been Camelot's library.

The purpose of the ability was to act as a sort of network of miniature brains in Leonel's mind. In everyday life, no matter what he came across, or how small the detail, he would subconsciously arrange it into one of his Dreamscapes by category.

By now, Leonel had millions of tiny Dreamscape in his Dream World, each one with a different network of information and many of them with overlapping redundancies, but that was the point.

Oftentimes, brains got distracted, they forgot important details, or took into consideration useless details. Even for someone as smart as Leonel, he was fallible and could make mistakes. But that was where his Dreamscape came in.

Each one was like a uniquely designed software for a very specific task, and as such, whenever a link was made in one of them, a spark would light and Leonel would immediately be alerted.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

This time, as he built a new Dreamscape, Leonel stripped down all the useless jargon and only built it up with what he needed the absolute most…

There were scenes of Thaela's Force Manipulation, of the cobra demon's, even of Mistress Oliidark's. On top of that, he added bits and pieces of the most interesting research papers he had read, some of which he planned to incorporate himself and others of which he only wanted to use for reference as he felt he had better ideas on how to apply them elsewhere.

The hours passed and Leonel's speed of assimilating his network only seemed to increase.

What he didn't know was that after the first 24 hours passed, there was a sudden change.

Outside of the Void Library there was an inconspicuous board that was easy to miss, it too was filed with names. However, this board was easily ignored because there were hardly ever changes to it, nor was there any movement.

This board was a leaderboard, but it was maybe the most unique leaderboard of Void Tower because no one quite understood what it was for. All anyone knew was that there was a name match with a number. The higher the number, the higher the name.

First Place – Cynthia Omann – 83.29

This first place name had remained undisturbed for decades. In fact, this individual was no longer even a Domain Ranked disciple of the Void Palace. No, instead, they were the members of the only other family that could hope to stand against the Morales and the Suiard family without the backing of an alliance.

However… despite this being so, this family was still the head of maybe the strongest alliance there was in the Human Domain.

The Omann family. Or, as most would recognize them as…

The Head of the Force Crafting Guild Alliance.

As for the number 83.29, it wasn't a normal number at all. Rather, it was actually a percentage. As for what it represented, it was the percentage of the Void Library integrated into her network…

Of course, this Cynthia Omann had another famous title, and that was as the woman who should have been the wife to Velasco Morales, or as many called her…

The Scorned Queen Beauty.

There were just 100 names on this unchangeable list, but at that moment, there was a change at the 100th spot.

Hundredth Place – Leonel Morales – 21.38