Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel chuckled, but just when he was about to put the dictionary array, it flashed again and a familiar woman appeared. She had a warm smile on her face and her eyes lit up as though Leonel was her whole world.Â 

Velasco might shrug it off, but she had been worried about Leonel's life and death for over a decade already. It was only now that she knew that he was safe and sound that she could finally exhale a breath.Â 

She reached out a hand but could only sigh when she remembered that the face before her was just a projection. Life was truly unfair, she never got the chance to watch her son grow. Although not a day passed where she didn't check in on him, doing so from so many galaxies away was simply not the same.Â 

"Mom will come see you when she gets a chance, okay, Little Lion?"

Leonel smiled lightly and nodded.Â 

Alienor wiped away tears that threatened to form and nodded herself. Then, she looked toward the battleships in the distance, her beautiful gaze flickering with fury.Â 

"From now on, Shield Cross Stars will not be allowed to step a single foot into Earth's territory. You have one day to scram. If I see even a single branch remaining, I will kill without mercy!"

The words were like a boulder falling into a calm lake. The fury behind them was one thing, but the implications behind the words themselves were completely different.Â 

DiVincenzo's expression couldn't help but change wildly for the second time that day. He was truly speechless, not knowing what to say. By the time he gathered himself, his expression could only be described as ugly. He had already known that this mission would be difficult which was why he was so forceful to begin with. He had no choice but to use such a stance hoping to force what was brittle to break. But he hadn't expected things to turn out this way.Â 

"What right do you have to say such a thing?! Is the Morales family truly trying to monopolize Earth?!"

This was the only thing that DiVincenzo could say and the only rebuttal he had, but what he heard next left him truly without words.Â 

"What right?" Alienor sneered. "There's no one in existence with more rights than I have, and if there was, it would only be because I handed the decision down to my Little Lion. I am Alienor Morales and the World Spirit of Earth has chosen me.

"I won't repeat myself again, the time is already ticking. You have 23 hours and 58 minutes left."

DiVincenzo froze. Let alone him, several others did as well. Very simply put, this was not widely known information. In fact, let alone not widely known, even those who should have been in the know were completely ignorant of the fact.Â 

To the people of the Void Palace and even the Void Elders, Alienor was the offspring of the Luxnix family. But this made sense, how could anyone expect for Earth to have already produced a Seventh Dimensional expert?!Â 

According to the time, Earth had undergone its Metamorphosis just barely 30 or so years ago, but Alienor had been in the Dimensional Verse for far longer than that, and for her to be so, that meant that her father or her mother, one of which was definitely from Earth, had to have entered the Dimensional Verse long before even that.Â  Alll ğ’ğ’‚test novğ’†lğ’” on novelbğ’Šn/(.)cğ’m

But how was that possible? How could a Third Dimensional world possibly enter the Dimensional Verse under their own prowess? No, worse yet, how could they do so under the constant monitoring of the powers of the Human Domain?!

Alienor turned away from the fleet and smiled toward Leonel again. In an instant, she had gone from an enraged lioness to a doting mother.Â 

"Mother will see you soon, be safe!"

Alienor waved maybe a bit too hard before the image flickered and vanished, leaving the disk resting in silence on Leonel's palm.Â 

Leonel remained silent for a moment before shaking his head. This matter seemed to be becoming more and more complicated.Â 

He didn't know that this was a secret, honestly. He had always acted under the assumption that it wasn't. But the implication that it was a secret was quite heavy and this felt like a gloves off sort of moment that he happened to be in the center of.Â 

The silence of the atmosphere seemed to realize this as well, and clearly even Shield Cross Stars, with their wealth of information networks, was completely ignorant to this matter until Alienor laid it all out on the table so clearly.Â 

Leonel stood up, stretching his back out and yawning.Â 

He looked to his side, finding that Aina was still there, but he wasn't very surprised by this. Of course she was. If he tried to send her away, she might send him away with a kick first.Â 

Craning his neck a bit, he saw his aunt. She seemed to want to fight too, but he shook his head. If she fought, wouldn't those Seventh Dimensional existences have an excuse to attack. Well, it wasn't that Leonel trusted them not to attack anyway, his old man was way too casual about all of this. But if they did, he would probably just have to find a method of dealing with it.Â 

Right then, an inconspicuous member of the crowd caught Leonel's. He could be described as the stereotypical tall, dark and handsome archetype that females swooned for. He had high cheekbones, a chiseled jaw, and eyes and hair as black as night.Â 

Leonel had never personally seen this man before, but he could recognize the emblem on the latter's chest. That was the same emblem of the Winding Shadow Legacy Faction, run by none other than Ronan Sith and the very same Faction that Leonel had gotten information about Treanna from.Â 

Meeting this man's gaze, Leonel's own narrowed. Everyone else just seemed here ready to spectate, but why did it seem like this young man in particular came ready for battle?