Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Galienne was so infuriated by Leonel's words that she laughed.

To everyone else, the Void Elders were a mighty and worshipped existence. They had never seen one disrespected, or seen anyone dare to disrespect them. It left them in a silence.

But even as Galienne's laughter echoed, Leonel and Aina suddenly moved at once, crossing a 500 meter distance in just a few breaths and appearing before the Winding Shadow Legacy Faction.

Ronan's gaze flickered, clearly not having expected this. It wasn't like Leonel and Aina were moving faster than he could react to, after all, he was in the Seventh Dimension. He felt like it would only take the matter of a wave of the hand to deal with this, but just when he wanted to, he hesitated.

The legend of Velasco was deeply ingrained and he knew if that man was truly infuriated, his Sith family wouldn't be able to protect him at all. But what was this Leonel doing coming toward him like this?

Suddenly, both Leonel and Aina gripped at the air, manifesting their weapons from their own respective spatial devices. In that instant, a blood thirsty aura descended from the skies, murderous intentions lighting their eyes.

"You…"

Ronan froze. He was, indeed, the reason much of this had happened. He had been paying keen attention to Leonel for a long time, ever since he had come to his Faction. In doing so, he found out that Leonel actually had a charge that had never been followed through on.

The details of that case were vague and odd, nothing about it seemed to add up. It only said that Leonel was in cahoots with a Variant Invalid who had set its roots on a weak Fourth Dimensional world called Terrain.

There wasn't much information about this, but what was interesting was that it was said that this so-called Puppet Master had led an attack on Earth more than 25 years ago.

This was especially interesting to Shield Cross Stars because they had a vested interest in keeping Earth safe and free of outside influences for as long as possible. So, the idea that Leonel was connected to a Variant Invalid who seemed to have tried to carve out a piece of Earth was especially important, it was enough to feel like a smoking gun.nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Shield Cross Stars had been very strict with protecting the rise of Earth because of its importance to the Human Domain. Since the Void Palace's blades were pointed outward and their shields pointed inward, it was their duty.

So when evidence that an Heir of the Morales family had potentially tried to step over this taboo, it was a huge deal and Ronan immediately brought this matter to his Sith family which then pushed it on upward to the wider big brass of Shield Cross Stars.

This was all to say that from the perspective of Shield Cross Stars, this wasn't just about Leonel, it was also about the Morales stepping over a line that they shouldn't have.

As such, just to ensure that they had jurisdiction to act, they raised his Fugitive Tier to 2.

But now that it was exposed that Leonel's mother was actually the World Spirit holder of Earth, this conspiracy seemed to have gained several layers. Although this put into question Leonel's guilt, what it essentially confirmed was that the Morales really had ignored this taboo and done as they pleased.

It could be said from a certain perspective that under everyone's noses… Earth had become the territory of the Morales.

And this was a huge deal. Enormous. It essentially spit in the face of Shield Cross Stars and then grinded it in with the sole of a shoe.

Now, even though Leonel was likely to be innocent and there was a deeper matter to this story, they still had to capture him for the sake of demanding an answer from the Morales.

While there were other Morales members here, Shield Cross Stars was weighed down by bureaucracy. Since they only had a case against Leonel, only he could be used. As such, they were riding a tiger they simply couldn't step down from.

Ronan's body shuddered. He realized that Leonel and Aina's targets wasn't even himself, but rather his fellow Sith family members behind him.

"Stop!"

Just as Ronan was about to act, a suffocating aura descended upon him. In the distance, a beauty who looked as though her body was covered from head to toe in oil stood on a building. But just her gaze alone was enough to make Ronan feel as though his body had been plunged into a vat of ice.

Ronan's eyes turned red, but he couldn't do anything.

That moment seemed to slow toward infinity. Leonel met his gaze, the cold indifference within them causing Ronan to shudder for a completely different reason. For a second he truly regretted making an enemy out of this boy.

Leonel didn't call him out, he didn't speak words of rage or demand an explanation. The moment he deduced the impetus of everything happening here, he attacked without mercy.

He was the same caliber of madman as his father.

He didn't care to explain himself. He didn't care to listen to an explanation. He had been crossed and that was all he needed to know.

Leonel's spear and Aina's ax swung out together, the momentum of their strikes causing the eyes of the Winding Shadow Faction members to widen.

They hurried to defend themselves, but many were caught off guard, believing that their leader would have easily been able to stop these two. By the time they realized something was wrong, it was already too late.

Blood sprayed beneath the shocked gaze of the spectators.

It had only been two seconds since Leonel told the Void Elder that he hoped she didn't regret it. To many in the distance, his words hadn't even fully sunk in yet but blood had already been shed.

Galienne's eyes widened. "BOY!"

The fury behind her booming voice caused the Void Palace to quake.