Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel slammed the butt of his spear in the ground, causing the earth to crack splinter as wild waves of Earth Force spread out in all directions.

After slaughtering dozens with just a single swing of his blade, he didn't seem to be in a rush to run. In fact, he stood calmly, just a few meters away from Ronan as though he had just killed over 50% of his Faction in just a single movement.

Aina came to a stop by his side, and it was only now that others seemed to realize that without having even been implicated in this matter herself, she had ensured that she would be with a single action. It was clear that between the Void Palace and Leonel, she had chosen the latter without a second thought.

The elders in the sky were absolutely furious, but Leonel only raised his head into the skies, a familiar light smile on his face. He looked unbothered and unhurried.

There was only one way out of this place and that was to cross outside the boundaries of space the six planetary warships had put up. Leonel had several ideas on how he might do this, but none of them could be implemented casually, and they most definitely couldn't be rushed.

In such a situation, Leonel didn't need to be in a hurry to do anything immediately, so his first thought was to establish dominance.

No matter how strong he was, he didn't feel like dealing with an avalanche of disciples coming at him from all directions, so he wanted to prove a few things, firstly that he had the balls to kill, and secondly that he had the power to do so. Too few knew the name Leonel Morales, so they would just have to find out today.

In the skies, Cornelius closed his eyes and sighed. The moment Leonel took action, there was truly no taking a step back.

Unfortunately for him, as far as Leonel was concerned, the moment Void Elder Galienne had spoken those words, putting her own pride at the forefront instead of the greater good, it was already too late to take a step back.

Galienne's roar of fury still echoed overhead as Leonel met her gaze. He seemed to be goading her to attack, he wanted to see exactly what the weight of his father's words were.

He wasn't exactly being careless with his life. With how things were now, Galienne and the others were much too far away to attack him. Leonel could see them as though they were right before his face, but even Seventh Dimensional experts couldn't attack across thousands of kilometers in an environment that was completely free of Anarchic Force, let alone here where the densest concentration of it existed.

By Leonel's calculations, it would take several minutes before Galienne could close the distance and enter range to attack him. While others thought that Leonel was in mortal danger already, in truth, the greatest danger to him now was Ronan who was already being bound by his aunt.

As such, in a situation like this one, poking and testing the limits of the Void Elders and the other Seventh Dimensional experts was exactly what he needed. Whether they dared to attack or not would decide how he moved forward.

In her rage, Galienne took a step forward, already prepared to blaze a trail toward Leonel and teach this bow a lesson. But at that moment, the old man beside her grabbed her shoulder.

Galienne's head snapped toward Wimarc in a rage, but the latter still just shook his head.

"There are only two choices," he said in a voice that could only be heard by them. "It's either you forget this matter and let it go, leaving it to Shield Cross Stars to handle, or you have the disciples attack, there is no in between. We cannot afford to give that madman a reason to rampage again."

"You…"

Galienne was so infuriated that her face turned into a ripe tomato. Her wrinkles shook as though suffering the effects of an earthquake and her seemingly frail limbs caused space itself to tremble.

"There are other ways to deal with him. No matter how talented he is, he is still just in Tier 1. If you really cannot handle it, just set it as a goal for the Factions and reward them, they've been fighting wars longer than he's even been alive. Of course, do make sure that the other Morales Heirs know that if they interfere, they too will be kicked out of the Void Palace.

"Or, we can simply allow Shield Cross Stars to act as they please."

Wimarc was well aware of Galienne's fiery personality. If he simply told her what to do, it would never work. She was fiercely loyal to the Void Palace and had no patience for those who shirked responsibility, especially after she had already sacrificed the whole of her life to this cause.Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

But if he gave her a choice like this, then things would work out much better.

Galienne seemed to struggle for a moment before she took a breath and released it.

When Wimarc saw this, he already knew what the decision would be. If it was anything else, then Galienne wouldn't be Galienne.

"Disciples of Void Palace!" Her voice boomed.

The words echoed and many clenched their fists.

No one spoke, from the lowest Nominal Disciple to the highest Domain Disciple, this was the respect that Void Elders were afforded, the respect earned through a lifetime of sacrifice, the respect given for a group of individuals who lived for the greater good first and their own desires second.

Leonel's eyes narrowed. He could feel the prestige bearing down on him, weighing upon his shoulders and seemingly wanting to press him into the ground. Despite the distance between them, it was almost suffocating, more oppressive than any aura he had ever felt before.

"Hear me well. None of you are to interfere. The Void Palace no longer has two such disciples and this matter will be handled by Shield Cross Stars. Those who disobey will likewise be expelled."