Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

DiVincenzo's eyes widened. He had been so focused on Leonel and his danger that he hadn't paid much attention to this girl. Quite frankly, he wasn't even entirely sure of who she was. But the instant she burst forward with that speed, he was forced to pay attention even if he didn't want to. And the moment she started killing, let alone him, everyone's eyes were on her.

Aina walked through the forest, her ax swinging in wide arcs from side to side. But the most shocking part was that he was easily dozens of kilometers from her nearest target. Somehow, she had some sort of symbiotic, quantum relationship with the Blood Force in the distance. The instance she swung, Ax Force that should have been on her blade appeared kilometers ahead, fusing with the Blood Force and shredding everything in its path to pieces.

At the same time, blood roses formed in the air one after another, growing larger and larger with every dead target it assimilated.

Let alone DiVincenzo, even Leonel was shocked. Even he couldn't attack across such a long distance. Despite the fact he was well ahead of Aina now, he had still been forward to bring out his bow, only to realize that she still managed to somehow attack first.

Obviously, the warriors of Shield Cross Stars were taken aback as well. They had been bracing themselves, prepared to deploy their battle tactics, only to realize that the threat they thought was still making their way over here was actually already here.

A coercive pressure weighed down on the surroundings, the extremely heavy weight of a powerful might spreading out in all directions.

Leonel recognized almost instantly that this mind was Aina's. Her coercive pressure had actually progressed to this point.

'So that's how… She must have her own version of a Dream World or Starry Spirit Domain, but instead this one controls Blood Force…'

Leonel's foot pressed into the ground hard, causing cracks to spread out in all directions as he shot forward like a canon. This was excellent. He thought he would have to worry about Aina being on the frontlines which was also why he planned to use his bow to support her, but if things were like this then he could truly go all out.

As he blazed a trail forward, he could feel the heaviness of space around him. Using his Emulation Spatial Force had become easily three to five times more difficult and teleporting was an impossibility with the lock in space.

But none of that would matter once they left this encirclement.

"Activate! Activate it now! There's no time, pairs of threes!"

The words were incoherent, not making much sense to those not of Shield Cross Stars. But it was still enough for Leonel's eyes to narrow.

'Now, huh?'

Leonel burst out of a clearing, finding the surroundings to be quite familiar. This could be one of the villages, Village 0218 to be exact. However, these villages were only used during disciple recruitment so they were completely empty now and provided quite a large bit of flat land for battle.

Leonel leapt up, clearing the 10 meter wall that had taken him some effort a year ago in a single bound.

When he stepped over the other side, he found blood and carnage, a large number of bloody roses hanging in the skies. Behind these roses, the warriors of Shield Cross Stars took up their formations, radiant lights forming around them.

For each pair of three, a shield that seemed formed of starlight took shape. They emitted glittering silvers and radiant translucent blues. If it wasn't for the situation, Leonel might feel that they were quite beautiful.

This time, when Aina's blood roses rotated forward, they bent and shattered against the shields, breaking into sprinkling petals of crimson that splashed onto the ground like a puddle of red rain.

Leonel's spear appeared in his palm, his gaze turning sharp.

He pierced forward, his spear streaking through the distance between himself and them in the blink of an eye.

CLANG!

The trio Leonel targeted was sent stumbling back, but their shield didn't have the slightest crack on it.

Leonel's eyes narrowed. The technique was stronger than he thought, and if he let them gather any more together, it would be even more troublesome.

If Leonel was correct, these trios could be fused in groups of ten to create an even stronger shield.

Compared to the techniques he had seen in the Zone, this was actually much simpler. Because it focused entirely on defense, it could be used with less people and still have powerful outputs. When it was powered by three Tier 9 Sixth Dimensional existences like this, the defensive power wasn't small in the slightest.

The tip of Leonel's spear trembled, a delicate golden light forming around it as the world went silent.

Absolute Spear Domain.

Leonel's spear pierced forward once more like a streak of light across the skies.

Before the stumbling trio could react, their shield shattered into motes of light, the head of their captain bursting like a watermelon.

Leonel appeared in their midst, his spear becoming like the scythe of a reaper. Everywhere he passed, another head would fall. His blade was relentless, and the rotating tornado of his Absolute Spear Domain was even more unforgiving.

Over the horizon, Aina caught up, realizing that her long distance attacks weren't working anymore. Reaching out a delicate hand, she clutched it.

The blood roses fused into one, forming a thorny pasture that surged forward.

The two cut through the protectors of humanity's peace as though they were nothing more than barbarians. This was the kind of scene that would be imprinted into the minds of all those that saw it.Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

In the skies, DiVincenzo realized the mistake he had made. Sending in squadrons to deal with these duo was simply sending them to their deaths, but having already made such a mistake, it was already impossible to reverse.

He grit his teeth, hard, his gaze flickering with ill intent.

"Full deployment! War Sequence Tier 1!"

The six planetary warships quaked. Many of the warriors were surprised, but that didn't stop them from reacting.

Full deployment? That meant that even the ship's engineers and drivers were to enter the charge. However, that was less important than the fact it demanded the elite troops make their appearance.

In comparison to this, though, War Sequence Tier 1 was a far bigger deal. It meant that they were meant to treat this assault as though they were reinforcing a Tier 1 fleet…

In simple terms, it meant that they were meant to go all out as though facing an enemy far above their paygrade.