Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

When Leonel came to and his vision cleared, he found himself looking up at an unfamiliar ceiling. It took him a while to realize that the ceiling he was looking toward was the ceiling of the master room of the planetary warship. He wasn't familiar with it because he never really cared to look at its details when he walked in and laid Aina on the bed.

To begin with, no one ever used this room. Although it was created for DiVincenzo, Seventh Dimensional existences didn't sleep very often, and this planetary warship wasn't used often enough for this room to be necessary considering how expensive it was. As such, it could be said that Leonel and Aina were the very first to use this room.

After realizing where he was, it all came back to Leonel and his lip twitched several times. He still had no idea what had happened just now, but what he did know was that only four minutes and 37 seconds had passed from start to finish.

It was all over, he would never be able to show his face to the world again. Where was the justice? Maybe if he ran now he wouldn't have to face the music.

However, at that moment, Aina, who was laying on his chest, pushed herself up with a smile. She looked happier than Leonel had ever seen her. Half of that was probably because of how satisfied she felt, but there was a hidden amusement in her eyes that Leonel would never miss.

Leonel coughed lightly. "Something weird happened, I don't really know how to explain it…"

"Mhm, mhm." Aina nodded twice.DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

With her movement, Leonel's eyes couldn't help but shift to her bouncing breasts. Considering her position, they practically dangled before his mouth, asking him to try and catch one of those delicate pink nipples with his tongue.

Aina blinked innocently, seemingly not noticing Leonel's distraction. Her palms were still pressed onto his broad chest, but her wrists slightly turned, pulling her elbows in and pushing her own chest up. A stray bead of sweat fell down her neck line and disappeared between that grand ravine, leaving Leonel's Adam's apple pulsating.

"If you look too hard, something weird might happen again."

Leonel was so distracted that it took him a moment to pick up the teasing words. His cock was already at attention. Given his vitality, he hadn't been joking about how quick he would be to recover. And considering her had seemingly fallen asleep for a small amount of time, he had had more than ample. By now, he was already pressing up between Aina cheeks, splitting them apart as she continued to sit on him, oblivious to what was coming.

"What was that?"

Leonel looked up from Aina's breasts, his hands finding their way to her hips.

Aina tilted her head in amusement. She thought that Leonel was still trying to regain some face so she traced a finger down his chest, her smile blooming.

"Nothing, I'm just a bit worried about you," she said lightly.

Leonel suddenly grinned. "What are you worried about?"

Aina, seemingly finally realizing that something was odd, looked into Leonel's eyes again. Leonel didn't look like someone who had just been defeated.

However, Aina wasn't one to back down either.

"There's no need to be embarrassed, you're just young. So long as we practice more, I'm sure you'll get better. We have all the time in the world."

Aina smiled brightly, rising up into a full seated position and raising her hands to her hair. She allowed Leonel's eyes to scan her body as she smoothed out her long, black strands, her every breath causing her breasts to ripple and her toned torso to flex just the slightest bit.

A small and well trimmed bush just barely obstructed Leonel's vision of what was below, but he could still very clearly feel its moistness and slight stickiness as she shifted from side to side imperceptibly.

Despite her words, Aina didn't see Leonel falter. In fact, his smile became even brighter.

SLAP!

The sound echoed through the mostly quiet room and Aina's body shuddered beside itself. She could feel the faint stinging pain on her ass cheek, her legs squeezing together slightly but finding Leonel's body in the way.

Aina released a slight haggard breath and her gaze went misty. Before she could even understand what had just happened, she went from her position in dominance to being pinned beneath Leonel once again. But this time, her face was pressed against the soft sheets of the bed, her ass arched upward in full view.

A tingle coursed up Aina's spine, her body twitching as she felt Leonel lightly press against her entrance.

"You said we need practice, right?"

Even though she could no longer see Leonel's face, Aina could imagine the grin on his face.

Her mind went blank. She could just barely feel the two strong hands gripping her waist, even if she wanted to run now, she most definitely couldn't.

A dripping moistness fell from between her legs, sliding down her delicate pink folds and rounding around a sensitive little pink button before falling toward the sheets.

Everything about that moment was hyper real to her, even the slightest goosebump that raised across her skin making her shudder.

She gasped when she felt Leonel enter her.

It was deep, almost too deep, almost like he was trying to press against her heart from the back.

Leonel pressed a hand down and onto the small of Aina's back, his strokes deep and slow. Each was perfectly measured and timed down to a fraction of a second. He was an absolute machine, only getting a small tick faster every few seconds.

Aina felt herself slowly losing consciousness, not quite sure which way was up and which way was down, but every time she was just about to be pushed over the edge, another slap would come, shuddering her awake and causing her feet to wiggle up and down uncontrollably.

She tried to squirm away and escape, but every time Leonel only pressed down harder, pinning her into the bed.

Leonel grinned a devilish grin. "Don't run now, we're just getting started."

Leonel pulled back until the length of his cock almost fell out entirely, pulsing at the entrance for just a moment before sliding all the way back in.

Aina finally couldn't control herself. Her eyes rolled into the back of her head, her body convulsed wildly and she bit into the cushioned sheets beneath her.

However, as though he didn't sense a single thing, Leonel simply kept going.

Pride? Competition? Victory? Defeat?

She forgot it all. Just a few minutes in, she was moaning so loudly and without restraint that her coercion spread across the depths of space.

An hour in her voice became too hoarse to make any noise and all that came out were whimpers.

Three hours in she laid on the bed limply, the only thing making it clear that she was still alive being the haggard breathing and slight twitches from time to time.

From start to finish, Leonel's devilish grin never faded. What could he say? He hated to lose, even when it came to bedroom activities.