Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"Wake up."

Leonel spoke coldly, pouring a bucket of frigid water he had gotten from Pisces over the heads of the two Brazinger Clan members.

In truth, Leonel had no need to get his water from Pisces, he only did it as a show. Since he had the Black Grade Soothing Waters pool, he was much better off than those drinking normal water.

Still, he made a show of politely asking Pisces for water everyday to try and smooth her attitude out a bit. Like this, it was much easier to maintain the balance of the group and it made her feel more comfortable thinking she had a modicum of power over him.

Though, if Pisces knew that the 'precious' water she so 'graciously' bestowed to Leonel was being used in this way, it could be imagined how she would react.

The two Brazinger Clan men were startled awake.

Their first attempt was to move, but upon realizing their hands and feet were bound, a tinge of fear colored their hearts.

Leonel wasn't worried that one of their abilities could help them escape. Before he woke them up, he had the dictionary scan them. The one with the more square jaw had an auxiliary type ability that made his neurons fire faster, thus giving him greater reaction time and greater thinking speed. The one with the slightly thinner face had a vibration type ability. This one was a greater threat, but Leonel had already crafted the cuffs on his hands to be beyond his ability to vibrate out of.

After realizing that the two of them had been captured, the two clan members glared toward Leonel. But, inwardly they were feeling confused. There were others here? How was this possible?

"First, tell me your names." Leonel asked simply.

After a while, it became obvious to Leonel that they had no intention of responding to him. But, seemingly having expected this result, he only nonchalantly nodded.

With a wave of his hand, the poisoned corpse of the bear king appeared, causing the two men to pale. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"This poison is pretty tyrannical, don't you think?" Leonel said casually.

After a few moments, he stood and pulled the thinner man away. At such a sight, the square jawed man trembled violently, the fear evident in his eyes.

"No! No! I'll tell you my name, I'll tell you my name!"

Unforunately, no matter how hard he struggled, he and Leonel still vanished, leaving the square jawed man in a sorry state. He was so scared that he directly fainted, unable to maintain his consciousness. However, he had no idea that Leonel and the thin faced man had simply gone to the Abode Setting, letting his fear stew.

"Oh, you'll tell me your name now?" Leonel asked.

"Yes! Yes! My name is Cheri!"

A weird expression coated Leonel's visage at these words. Cheri? That meant darling in French… The man sure had quite the… unique name.

"Alright then Cheri, I have a few questions to ask you, you'll answer them honestly, right?"

"Right, right!"

"Good." Leonel nodded in satisfaction. "It would be a shame if the stories of you and your partner didn't add up, right?"

Hearing this, Cheri's trembling became several times more violent. He had indeed only planned to tell Leonel part of the truth. But, what if his partner didn't tell the same lie he did? Then, wouldn't he be asking for his own death?

This kid was so sinister!

He suddenly understood why it was Leonel had separated them. It wasn't so that he could kill him, but rather so that they would have no idea what story the other told. Like this, if they wanted to live, they would have no choice but to say the truth because the truth was the only thing they could guarantee the other would know.

Having thought this far, any thoughts of struggle the man had suddenly crumbled.

He was a member of the Brazinger Clan, how could his will really be so fragile? Unlike those who grew up in Earth's common society, they from hidden families had completely different upbringings. They had been ready for the descent of the Metamorphosis since long ago and had begun training since their birth. That included him despite the fact he was only from a branch family.

Much of his fear had just been an act to get Leonel to lower his guard, maybe then he could find a chance to escape. But, who knew this teenage boy would be so cunning?

Seeing Cheri's flickering gaze, Leonel grinned, causing the former to shudder.

"My name is Jian, my name is Jian. Please forgive me."

Leonel laughed at this. So this Jian was trying to make fun of him by having him call him Cheri? What a conniving fellow indeed.

Jian shivered. He had no idea if his partner would expose his name as a lie, so how could he continue to hold back?

"Good."

Leonel walked to the bath house that held the Soothing Waters Pool and threw Jian against the tiles. Then, he found a stool and sat down.

Jian's shivering grew fiercer. This time, he didn't have to fake it. What place could be more convenient for clearing up a dead body in comparison to a bathroom?

"Since we're both on the same page, there's really no problem, right? I can see that you're not a useless person, so you already know that everything I ask you, I will ask your partner. Be sure to be honest with me. After all, I may not have a great ability, but the one thing I do have is a great memory."

Jian nodded outwardly, but inwardly, he was cursing. Didn't have a great ability? He took them both down before they even knew what was happening. They didn't even have a chance to use their abilities before their worlds went black. How was this not having a great ability?

"Alright, first question. Did that monocle wearing bastard come here with you?"

Jian's eyes widened. The killing intent coming from Leonel enveloped him completely, causing his heart to shudder.

This young man knew about their Young Lord? What relationship did he have with him? Could he be from one of the other hidden families? Did they catch onto their Young Lord's plans?

According to the agreement, only the younger generation of their families' main branches could interact with the world until the Fourth Dimensional Metamorphosis was complete, so could this kid be a Young Lord from another hidden family?