Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

By this point; Leonel was certain that the greenish blue colors meant something that he wasn't aware of; Although he had stopped paying attention to the platforms so that he didn't psyche himself out; he still had noticed that the started from pale shades of green; become more vibrant jade colors; then transformed toward a bluish tinge; before stopping at an almost diamond-like blueish color that was maybe one of the most beautiful colors Leonel had ever seen;

If he had been in the state of mind to care back then, the final several dozen kilometer long and wide platform he had just been on would have been acknowledged by him as one of the most beautiful polished gems he had ever seen;

Now that Leonel thought about it, the Fawkes family's Emperor's Might manifested with a vibrant green color; This didn't seem like a coincidence; Only his King's Might manifested with a violet color, but that was only due to a mutation that came from his Metal Synergy Lineage Factor;

Originally. Leonel's Metal Synergy Lineage Factor became tainted with a crimson Force when he almost deviated the first time he tried to awaken it; However. after he fought back and succeeded in awakening it. a violet color was born;

This violet color wasn't something that Leonel was keenly aware of the presence of until he formed King's Might Lineage Factor in the Valiant Heart Zone. However, this violet color appeared even when he wasn't consciously using King's Might, like when he fully deployed his Metal Synergy Lineage Factor.

Leonel shook his head and stopped minding these matters for now; The intertwining of his Lineage Factor made what was going on inside of his body greatly complicated; He wouldn't be able to figure it all out even within a few years; His best chance was to personally go through the records of the Morales. but that would have to wait;

Leonel reached forward and touched one of the smaller pale green bubbles; Since he wasn't certain of what they were; although he did have a guess; it was better if he chose to be cautious first;

The bubble popped and a surge of energy entered Leonel's body; Not only did he suddenly feel like his soul had been greatly nourished; growing not just a few times stronger; but mysterious patterns and runes began to formulate in his mind;

After a while, Leonel blinked and opened his eyes, his eyes shining;

[Emperor's Aura];

As expected; it was a method of utilization designed precisely for the Emperor's Might Lineage Factor; But in addition to this; the process of assimilating these usage methods also seemed to strengthen his soul; branding it with odd runes that reminded Leonel a lot of God Runes or… Star Runes;

Leonel's gaze twinkled with a peculiar light.

Emperor's Aura, from the description, was something he had always had; It made sense that this was the smallest and easiest bubble there was to assimilate here since he had been using it since long before he was even consciously aware of having this Lineage Factor;

For as long as he could remember; every time Leonel got serious; a suffocating aura would pervade from him; He wasn't actually aware of this; but others had always told him that this was the case; In fact; one of the reasons he always finished his tests so quickly back in Class A was to give everyone else a chance;

However. this bubble had taught him how to consciously deploy it. and how to also be aware that he was doing it;

Although it was the smallest bubble here. that didn't mean that it was a weak ability. it was just that it was a fundamental ability. so fundamental that most would have access to it the moment they awakened this Lineage Factor; In fact. even Leonel's cousin Noah had Emperor's Aura;

　 　

How powerful this ability would become, though, was dependent on several factors, factors that Leonel had a feeling were related to just how far you climbed.

If this explanation was correct, even using Aura to suffocate people to the point they couldn't use their Force was possible; It even explained that even if completely stopping people from using their Force was impossible, you could lower the strength of their Force;

Essentially, if Leonel had had access to the full scope of Emperor's Aura during his battle with the cobra demon or Thaela, he could use it to weaken their Force Manipulation and even potentially bring it down to a realm that he could more easily deal with.

Leonel took a breath and moved forward. He suppressed his desire to start popping the biggest bubbles around here. Although he could since he had earned the right after climbing to the highest platform, he had a feeling that he might very well implode if he even tried.

What Leonel didn't know was that climbing to the highest platform had done more for him than just give him access, it was also the reason learning was so easy.

Usually, one would have to master these runes personally before being able to properly use them, but all Leonel had to do was pop the bubble and it would integrate the full meaning of it for him!

Leonel reached out toward the second smallest bubble, this was a slightly brighter shade of green than the last one.

[Emperor's Projection].

This was a skill that gathered Emperor's Aura and formed a projection. Through this projection, Emperor's Aura could be applied to one's Force. Through doing this and concentrating Emperor's Aura, its effects would become more potent.

This was another ability that Leonel knew about and he had even formed his Emperor's Projection before through a skill he had learned from his mother. It seemed that his mother had meditated on the Emperor's Might Lineage Factor enough that she had formulated a path through these inheritances herself without having the tablet.DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Even so, seeing the full method here and having it directly imprinted onto his brain, Leonel realized that he had neglected this skill far too often, and he also realized that in the past when he integrated his Destruction Aura with it, the process hadn't needed to be so permanent.

The only reason he had thought it was permanent was because he had so little understanding of the skill. Now, however, its full breadth was imprinted directly into his psyche. He understood it better than anyone else in existence currently!

​ Which also meant…

Leonel reached out a finger and formed a small blade of Spear Force. Soon, numerous runes began to appear on its golden surface before it gained a small tinge of violet giving it a truly royal air.

Although Leonel had never seen it before, right this moment, he was absolutely certain.

This was the true Sovereign Spear.