Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel looked down at the radiant Spear Force for a long while before he crushed it in his palm. He was absolutely certain that this was the so-called true Sovereignty that those women of that Zone were speaking of. He could feel a qualitative change that relied on something beyond just the ring on his finger, but likewise, since it didn't rely on his ring, it had its own strengths and weaknesses. 

For one, Leonel could apply it to his Bow Force and become a true Sovereign of the Bow as well. However, unlike his Spear Force which was immune to all other Spears and Spear Forces, his Bow Force would be limited to restricting Bow Forces weaker than his own. This, though, was only natural. 

Of course, Leonel had already reached this stage with his Bow Force even without his King's Might Lineage Factor. The reason why during his battles in the Void Palace that Bow Force seemed to be easily absorbed by him was because he had crossed this threshold on his own.

Now, though… 

Leonel formed Bow Force, using [Emperor's Presence] to infuse [Emperor's Aura] into it. At that moment, his white Bow Force shimmered with a resplendent violet color even more obvious than what had been the case with his Spear Force. 

The change in its strength wasn't small. Leonel could feel the minor fluctuations everywhere it passed, his level of control over it reaching an unprecedented level. This wasn't exactly a matter of power, per se, but instead the dominion over which he could maintain perfect accuracy had increased by not just a single fold. 

Leonel crushed the Bow Force in his hand and formed a strand of fire. This Fire Force was one he hadn't used in a very long time, Radiant Force. It had radioactive properties and it had once been a very core part of Leonel's Heavenly Cycle comprehensions until they had evolved under the influence of the Zone. 

Leonel was very curious. There was nothing that said that weapon Forces were the only Forces he could use [Emperor's Presence] on. Logically, he should be able to apply it to almost any Force. 

With a thought he fused his presence into it, causing the silvery-red flame to gain just the slightest hint of violet. 

Leonel immediately noticed that depending on what his target was, the vessel could accept more or less of his Emperor's Aura. For example, his Bow Force absorbed by far the most, while his Spear Force absorbed comparatively less, and his Radiant Force absorbed even less than that. 

Among the three, Spear Force and Bow Force were still somewhat comparable, but Radiant Force might as well have been on its own scale in a negative direction. 

But at the same time, this didn't necessarily mean that the results were lackluster. In fact, Leonel could feel that the changes to Radiant Force weren't small. The main difference, in his estimation, was that Radiant Force wasn't a good enough representation of Fire Force in general. 

Leonel flipped another palm over, this one contained Scarlet Star Force. The moment he started flooding his Emperor's Aura into it, it was as though it was a vast and boundless ocean, taking in more than he could even give it. Compared to his Bow Force, it was even several steps beyond. In fact, beneath its presence, his Radiant Force was quickly snuffed out. 

That was when Leonel came to an understanding. 

Using his King's Might Lineage Factor, he could gain a shortcut to becoming a Sovereign. However, he needed to use a Force as a proxy first. The quality of his Sovereignship would be dependent on the quality of this Force. 

Leonel's Bow Force had experienced the very same baptizing his Spear Force had, however it was in the Sixth Dimension while his Spear Force was still in the Fifth. As such, his Bow Force was stronger in this regard than his Spear Force by not just a small margin. 

Radiant Force was a weaker Fire Force which was capped at the Sixth Dimension. As such, the pressure it could exert over other Fire Forces was minimal, while Scarlet Star Force was, of course, the strongest Fire Force in all of existence. Obviously, using the latter as a proxy to exert pressure onto other Fire Forces was far superior. 

Essentially, if Leonel used his Emperor's Aura on his Radiant Force, many Fire Forces would become useless against him, but not all of them. If he did the same with his Scarlet Star Force, however, it would likely be impossible for others to even stir Fire Force in his presence. 

Aside from this, there was only really one other important thing of note, and that was that Leonel only seemed to be able to use his Emperor's Aura on one type of Force at a given time. 

For example, he could use Emperor's Presence on Radiant Force and Scarlet Star Force at the same time. But he could use it on Scarlet Star Force and Spear Force at the same time, nor could he use it on Spear Force and Bow Force at the same time.  DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Leonel didn't mind this limitation very much as its foundational abilities alone were very excellent. In addition, these should actually be the simplest abilities the tablet had in store for him. There were still dozens more bubbles floating in the air. 

After a moment, Leonel looked toward the bubbles again. He hadn't reached his limit yet and there seemed to be no reason to stop, so why should he? 

If he had to master these techniques himself, he might consider stopping here. But considering they assimilated with his mind perfectly, wouldn't he be too stupid to not take advantage? He had exchanged a lot of blood, sweat and tears to get here. 

He reached forward and touched another bubble, this one being third from last in terms of size and radiance.

A familiar nourishing feeling took hold of his soul, cleansing him from head to toe and making him feel alive. It truly felt like he was floating on a cloud. 

[Emperor's Gaze]. 