Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel stood in silence, waiting for the other shoe to drop. He wondered if these people would be stupid enough to attack as well. Although their ships were much larger, they were still nowhere near comparable to the flagship. In fact, Leonel felt that he could act personally and take down these ships in a few minutes.

The metal they used was mostly formed of Fifth Dimensional ores and they only used Sixth Dimensional ores to reinforce it. This was probably the most common configuration of spaceship since even for Seventh Dimensional worlds, such a large amount of Sixth Dimensional ore was too expensive to be gathered casually.

Only the most elite of Seventh Dimensional worlds would form warships so large with Sixth Dimensional materials, and only true powerhouse organizations like Shield Cross Stars would be able to form such a large flagship like this one with majority Seventh Dimensional materials.

This was all to say that this fleet of six stood no chance. So Leonel really wanted to see what they were getting at here.

'It seems that they're targeting this ship, even to the point of luring me to kill that previous "pirate" fleet. But if they're targeting me, that has to mean that they know of me and my location enough to prepare this scheme, no matter how pathetic it is.

'But how could they know? No one should know where I am. If my location was leaked, these clowns wouldn't be the first to make it, it would most definitely be Shield Cross Stars, or any number of my other enemies…'

The more Leonel thought about it, the more foolish he thought these individuals were. If they knew who he was, they should know how valuable his head was, why would they come personally instead of just selling this information?

'Unless…'

At that moment, in the central warship, a few figures stepped out to the bow. The edge of their ship was just about a kilometer from Leonel's own. At this distance, the ships could very well fall into each other's pull and crash, but their relative power structure stopped this from happening.

There were exactly three figures, the middle of which was a gentleman wearing robes of white and purple. He seemed to be exceptionally refined, but anyone with any world experience could tell that he was putting up a false front. He deemed himself to be more important than he was.

"My name is Richard, it's a pleasure to meet you, Leonel… Morales. Although it's unfortunate that you've targeted my people like this, don't you think that your actions are a bit overboard?"

Leonel's eyes narrowed. Those words made it quite clear that his location had been exposed. This truly made things more interesting.

There definitely wasn't a tracking device in the flagship. Well, there was one, but Leonel had dealt with it long ago, he wasn't a fool.

It was potentially possible that one could guess that he was headed to Earth and check the common routes that connected the two territories. Considering the specifics of space travel, if one wanted to get to a location without wasting literal centuries, there were only certain paths that you could take. These were so-called Star Lanes that allowed hyper speed travel without worrying about riddling yourself with holes.

However, it also had to be remembered that Leonel had gotten… distracted and allowed his flagship to drift quite far off course. There was simply no way to find him using these obvious methods.

Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Seeing that Leonel remained silent, Richard felt that he was now a point up, his smug smile increasing as he let the silence hang. In his mind, he was making the mighty Leonel Morales squirm, waiting to find out what his purpose was.

After he was satisfied, Richard revealed a pleasantly self-satisfied smile.

"I've come here for one purpose today. This flagship, I'll be confiscating it, it's the least my people deserve for their grievances."

Richard's smile became brighter.

Leonel didn't respond, he was still lost in thought, trying to figure out exactly what was going on. He had an idea of what might be happening, but the complexity was taking a while even for him to untangle, and the only time that happened was when he was lacking information.

After a while, Leonel looked up.

Richard was looking at him with the same smile, believing that Leonel realized he was cornered. Since they could find him once, it was just a matter of a single call and half the Human Domain would be hunting him down.

From time to time, Richard's gaze would shift toward Aina. Although Leonel's shirt was huge on Aina and covered more than enough, her current state was simply too enticing. It was simply a universal mating call to all men. But Richard, in trying to remain "professional", only took a glance from time to time.

Although he was being subtle, how sharp were Leonel's senses, exactly?

"You know…"

Richard's smile began to grow brighter.

"… I really hate the name Richard."

Richard's smile froze.

"Every one of you guys I've run into seems to be more of a dumbass than the last."

Leonel took a step forward, stepping onto the air. His body looked as though it could be blown over with a single gust of wind, and yet a stifling pressure rose, causing the surrounding ships to begin to whine and creak.

Richard's expression changed as he took a step back, the two individuals who had followed him out stepping forward with menacing auras. Without fail, both of them were in the Seventh Dimension. However, Leonel continued to walk through the air as though he hadn't noticed at all, a billowing violet fog wafting from his body.

He raised palm and faced it downward, causing a small rotating circle of violet wind beginning to spin around him.

Emperor's Gaze.

With a flash, Leonel's irises blazed with a blinding light, enveloping the two Seventh Dimensional existences and Richard.

Richard began to foam at the mouth and practically collapsed. The two Seventh Dimensional existences were only dazed for a moment and seemed prepared to break out of it in the next instant, but by then, the cyclone of violet expanding beneath Leonel's palm had expanded across the kilometer distance in the blink of an eye, shooting beyond until it crossed even a hundred kilometer distance.

Emperor's Edict. 

"No Seventh Dimensional existences shall step into my domain."

The dazed Seventh Dimensional existences felt a suffocating might envelop them. Before they could even react, they were expelled over a hundred kilometers away and were completely incapable of reacting.

With a step, Leonel's frail body landed on Richard's ship. However, at that moment, he looked no different from an impervious ruler, one whose commands couldn't be denied.