Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Even as the corpses fell in a pile of flesh and blood before Leonel, an entire warship collapsed to his right. All the while, the young man who caused it all only continued to leisurely stroll forward.

Leonel reached out a hand and a gun that managed to survive flew into his hands from the arms of an injured soldier. He balanced it in his hands for a moment, scanning it with Dream Sculpt in the fraction of a breath.

'This isn't made by Earth, it seems to be a copy. Is Earth using guns to fight and others chose to copy? Considering the fast reaction of this Graros individual, he seems to be quite the innovative and clever type. In that case, it's not impossible.'

Leonel walked forward, stepping over the piles of flesh and blood.

He casually raised the gun, firing a few times.

He seemed to be quite aimless in his aiming, shooting through doors, walls, ceilings and even floors. However, if one had x-ray vision, it would only take a moment to see tha he was actually piercing the forehead of an individual with each shot.

The commotion of the blast caused a large number of soldiers to rush to the bow of the ship to see what was happening, but most died even as they made their way to the location, not even making it to the hallway to see the face of the man that was killing them.

Just seconds later, Leonel walked out from the ship with a casual expression on his face.

He looked up as two powerful auras surged toward him, but he looked back again as though thinking about something.

He picked up the makeshift pole he was using to hold up Richard and tossed him across the kilometer space between the ship and flagship.

Just as he finished, the two Seventh Dimensional existences came roaring back, both of them sporting ugly expressions. They could sense that one of their warships had been entirely slaughtered, while a second had not only been slaughtered, but it even exploded as well.

They roared in fury, striking out with their palms at the same time.

"Three… Two…"

Leonel looked up again and stepped off of the warship, falling through the vastness of space.

"One."

BOOM!

The expressions of the Seventh Dimensional existences changed.

Flying was only something those with a certain control over God Runes could accomplish. In addition, such individuals tended to be very deep into the Seventh Dimension as well. It simply wasn't possible for them who had broken through using the conventional page.

Due to this, it had taken them a long amount of time to return because they had practically been swimming through the vastness of space. They hadn't come prepared to do that and as such, could only wastefully use their Force like propulsion engines to make their way back here, a process that was obviously much slower than their usual speed.

However, now that they had just made their way back, they found themselves caught up in a violent storm.

Although this explosion couldn't do much to them outside of leaving some minor flesh wounds, what it could do was send them flying into the distance again.

Leonel used the explosion to flutter back to the flagship, landing on the bow lightly as he watched on in amusement.

This Ernan family wanted to send him bait? Sure, he would eat as much bait as they could stomach to give up, he would eat until they were sick of it and had to expose the true existences behind this.

Leonel didn't believe for a single second that a family on the same level as the Viror family would dare to do all of this even if they seemingly had enough motive to do so. If Graros knew that Leonel had been hunted down, information that wasn't very wide spread as of yet especially since disciples weren't allowed to leave Void Palace, then he should also know who the princess of the Ascension Empire was, and likewise who her husband was.

The fact he still dared to do all of this just for the pretext to attack Earth was fishy.

BANG! BANG!

At that moment, the palm strikes of the two Seventh Dimensional experts finally landed, but they were just as quickly snuffed out by the forcefield barrier.

"Two down, four more to go."

Leonel smiled, ready to lift off again and crush the four remaining warships.

Aina, who still stood on the bow of the ship as well, her arms crossed about her chest, shook her head. This man was having a little bit too much fun without her.

…

"Patriarch, there's been news."

In a simply dining room, far more simple than one would expect the ruler of a Sector to be found eating in, a middle aged man with streaks of white in his dark hair sat. He wore familiar white and purple robes and he ate with pristine etiquette.

"There's no need to report something so obvious. They used the flagship to destroy the fleet, correct? Send the envoys to the Ascension Empire and demand an explanation. Don't come to me for something so trivial."

"Um…"

Graros slowly looked up from his meal. "What is it?"

"Gabien and Seith have sent a message..."

Grasos frowned. That didn't make any sense. If they used the flagship, Gabien and Seith, the two Seventh Dimensional existences he had sent with his useless son, should have long since been dead. Seventh Dimensional experts of the Conventional Path had no method to deal with a Tier 2 Star Rank Flagship.

In truth, Seventh Dimensional experts could only be classified as "rare" if they were on the God Path. Conventional Path Seventh Dimensional experts could be found in large numbers in any empire, organization or family worth their salt.Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

The Conventional Path was only a repeat of the first three Dimensions to begin with. As long as a territory was of a certain standard, it was only a matter of time and resources to raise someone to the Seventh Dimension.

However, it was also because of this that they were ultimately less valuable and also far less powerful.

Of course, this wasn't to say that they were weak, or else Leonel wouldn't have used such underhanded tricks to deal with them while also letting them leave alive. There was still a substantial and qualitative difference between the Sixth and Seventh Dimensions no matter the path taken.

This was to say that in Grasos' estimation, Leonel wouldn't dare to fight those two head on and would just rely on the flagship to sweep them.

But if they lived, what did that mean…? Did Gabien and Seith desert the army and flee ahead of time?

Seeing Graros' expression, the envoy didn't dare to delay any further and explained everything without holding back.

The more Graros listened, the more serious his expression seemed to become.

In the end, he fell into a long silence. It seemed that he had underestimated this Leonel far too much, to think that he didn't make use of the flagship. It could be said that Leonel only halfway fell into his trap, but this was still enough… 

All that mattered was that Leonel still wasn't strong enough to face Seventh Dimensional existences, all he could use were petty tricks. 