Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel was indeed too tired to be annoyed initially; but when he heard Anastasia; he seemed to be slowly finding the energy; Didn't this floating loli have anything better to do than berate him? He was trying to save lives here;

"I'm busy," Leonel responded;

"Busy being an idiot; You know you can use the Lab Setting to do all those repetitive tasks for you, this is the first time I've seen someone try to mass produce something personally when they had access to so many machines;"

Leonel came to a stop and looked toward Anastasia; The latter only looked back at him with a face of disdain; If it wasn't because she was so focused on deducing a path through Force Manipulation that the majority could use, she would have stopped Leonel ages ago;

"You only need to Craft it once and that thing will do the rest."

Anastasia pointed with her head toward a glass chamber that had numerous spider-like arms of metal within.

Leonel blinked once before doing as Anastasia said, then he watched in absolute awe as the machine repeated his steps absolutely perfectly; At first he thought there would be a drop in quality; If there was one, it just wouldn't be worth it; However, he soon found that he had been overthinking things;

Everything he had done. the machine did. even down to his precise control of Force.

Seeing this, Leonel exhaled a breath of relief, this was a game changer; He suddenly felt the need to look toward Anastasia;

"What other things are in here that I don't know about?" Leonel asked;

Anastasia sneered; "Weren't you busy "Crafting"?"

Leonel coughed lightly; maybe he was just a bit too cranky; He couldn't help it though; his body felt like it was a gust of wind from keeling over; Also; he felt like a guillotine was looming over his head and ready to fall any time now; he really didn't want to waste even a second;

Seemingly seeing Leonel's plight. Anastasia rolled her eyes and began to point things out one by one.

**

Not even a few hours later, Leonel walked out of the Lab Setting with a spatial ring full of crafted items; With everything prepared even faster than he thought, his week-long prediction was cut down to just three days, something that made him grin despite his fatigue;

"You should rest." Aina said. looking up from her meditation.

Leonel paused; Aina wasn't wrong; but he really didn't have the time to; But he luckily had a solution to this; It seemed that he had underestimated the Segmented Cube a bit too much; or more accurately; its abilities were so broken that he found it hard to believe that they all came in one package; He couldn't fathom the kind of existence that had created it;

The suspended animation abilities of the Segmented Cube had evolved to not only stabilize energy and freeze time; but to increase its flow as well; It was an excellent method of healing up quickly;

As long as Leonel went to sleep in one of the pods, he would gain himself several weeks of recovery time in just a few hours. But between that time, he would need to eat. So, he had come to his lovely wife again.

Seeing Leonel's smile. Aina raised an eyebrow.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"I just need your help a little," Leonel smiled.

After listening to Leonel's explanation. Aina was speechless but still waved her hand and agreed. It wasn't too big of a deal anyway. it was just a wasted day. Maybe only Leonel would be able to make her agree to such a thing.

Leonel needed Aina to cook weeks' worth of meals to help him speed up his recovery. He would lie in the suspended animation pods for 15 or so minutes at a time which would be worth about a day, he would then eat, and then return.

　 　

Although Leonel could rely on the Force of the Segmented Cube instead, between that and Aina's meals, the choice was obvious. The Force Pill quality of Aina's meals were far superior to just pumping himself with Life Force.

Not only would he recover faster, but he would come back even stronger than before after putting his body through such a thing.

As Leonel prepared, the chaos in Earth's territory only increased. But their day was coming…

**

On day two, Leonel rose out of the suspended animation pod for the final time, his skin glistening and his hair having returned to its previous shimmering luster. His muscles danced like intertwining steel cords beneath his bronzed skin, pulsing with vitality.

Across from him, Aina who was no small part fatigued stood with his final meal.

Leonel felt a dull ache in his heart when he saw her like this. Normal cooking was one thing, Aina could do that for months at a time without sweating a single bead of sweat, but Force Pill Cooking was on a completely different level. Each meal required a large infusion of Force and Aina had been at it all day, it was no wonder she was so tired.

"I'll handle the rest," Leonel said, embracing Aina into a hug. "You can rest for the next few days, I'll get everything set up."

Aina nodded faintly, too tired to speak.

…

Leonel soared out of the Palace, his black surfboard surging with untold speed as he rushed forward. His sweatpants fluttered in the air, his chiseled torso cutting against the wind as he shot out of the atmosphere.

However, to his surprise, there were a large number of Brazinger family members waiting in the skies above, leaving one hint annoyed and another part speechless. It had been an entire day since he came here, could it be that they were waiting for him?

After a while, Leonel realized that this wasn't the case. The Brazinger family members seemed to be… patrolling?

At that moment, Leonel's temper flared up again.

He hadn't seen a single Brazinger family member during his journey to Earth, but he suddenly saw so many of them here.

There wasn't a single person who would dare to attack Earth directly as it would cross the bottom line of the powerhouse families, alliances and organizations of the Human Domain. Simply put, there was nothing to defend here.

All of the issues were cropping up in the grey areas, regions that had been swallowed up by Earth's World Spirit's range but had been regions owned by others before. This was the region others could take advantage of under the pretext that it wasn't really Earth.

Such regions would benefit from Earth's soon-to-be Eighth Dimension status and produce resources as such, so they were a hotbed for crime and schemes.

And yet, instead of going there to show off their might, they were actually dancing around like clowns here?!

Leonel's short was exceptionally short recently, and this seemed to want to push him over the edge. 

Just when Leonel was about to do something, his gaze turned toward the Moon. His fragmented Bow Domain Lineage Factor activated and he zoomed onto its surface, seeing through its details. 

The Moon was a flourishing environment of green and blue much like Earth, but when Leonel paid attention to what was actually happening on its surface, his heart threatened to erupt into a pool of lava. 

The Moon people, native to Earth, were nowhere to be seen. In fact, he saw nothing but members of those four families. 