Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The figure was nothing more than a speck of dust in comparison to the size of the Moon. and yet as he walked forward. it felt as though the Moon had lit itself on fire to herald his appearance.

The sound of billions of heartbeats beating in unison began to drum across the skies; The entire world seemed to resonate with the footsteps of this young man as he took one step after another;

Despite his seemingly slow pace, he crossed countless kilometers with every stride, and by the time he had come close enough for his features to be differentiable from the blazing Moon to his back, the shock that took hold of those watching him was enough to stop their hearts entirely;

Leonel slowly walked through the skies, his gaze frighteningly cold and his lips pinched into a line;

Wisps of red fog came from his eyes, his breath and his hair, the menacing stench of blood rising into the skies;

He looked as though he had just crawled out from his own coffin; A ghastly wound stretched from his left chest down to his right hip. showing off glistening bronze pieces of his ribcage and inner organs; His left arm hung from his shoulder socket by just a few tendons and ligaments; His clothing was nowhere to be seen and he walked completely in the nude. seemingly oblivious to this fact entirely;

It truly seemed as though that he just might collapse at any moment…

So why were they feeling such fear?

The ghastly black rod in Leonel's right hand billowed with fiendish fog as dark as night; It suddenly trembled, forcing the amorphous fog to sharp and become a twin pair of menacing curved blades that found their home at the end of the rod;

Leonel didn't speak a single word; He didn't roar in rage; He didn't tremble in anger; He didn't even seem to be able to "see" the people around him; His gaze was cold, but entirely unfocused as though he saw right through everything around him;

And then… his foot raised and he took another step forward;

BANG!

Leonel dangling left shoulder merely glanced by the body of a Brazinger family member, and yet they erupted into a ball of flames before bursting into a shower of blood that was quickly incinerated to ash;

This person didn't even get the chance to scream or holler; they were simply eviscerated;

At that exact instant; a spaceship that happened to be beneath Leonel's feet was suddenly enveloped by an illusory box formed of Spatial Force; Before its pilot and crew could even try to maneuver out of it; the box collapsed to a tenth of its original size; squashing them into junk metal;

Leonel exhaled just a single breath, seemingly finally breathing for the first time; But just that single breath caused sparks to light in the air;

The heat was too much for those in the surrounding ten meters of him to handle and they caught on fire;Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Tragic screams finally broke the silence and many woke up to the fact that just a single step of Leonel's seemed to be like the call of the grim reaper.

RUMBLE!

Leonel stepped into Earth's atmosphere for the first time and the world changed;

All around, the pristine white clouds rumbled, gathering together and forming enormous behemoth-like monstrosities that thundered with enough force to make the grounds quake and mountains collapse;

When the Emperor was furious; the skies would sunder;

At that moment; above Leonel's head; the void trembled and an ancient scroll appeared; It radiated a blinding golden light; outshining even the Moon blazing to his back;

The ancient scroll slowly unfurled, the blinding light it exuded only becoming ever more so.

The moment it unfurled completely; surges of lightning coursed through the air; pulsing with golden; green and radiant royal blue arcs;

Emperor's Edict.

The ancient characters of the golden edict rose like a tempest, enveloping the hundreds of kilometers.please visit

"All those of the Brazinger family…"

This was the first time Leonel spoke since he appeared. The instant he did. he seemed to conjure the phantom of a malevolent ghost draped in the robes of withering black.

"… Die."

The words fell and the world shuddered. The skies whined and gods lamented. The spirits of life shed tears and wraiths of death laughed uproariously.

One after another. almost every single member of the Brazinger family within the range of Leonel's edict suddenly trembled. their gazes turning blank as they fell one after another.

Their ships began to fall from the skies and their flying treasures wheeled out of control.

Horror was painted on the faces of the Brazinger family members outside of the barrier as it quickly approached them, seemingly wanting to envelop the entire world. The radiance of the golden edict pulsed and surged, being fueled by Leonel's fury and surging through the skies.

With just a single sentence, Leonel passed judgment.

However, that was when something heart rending occurred.

With a surge, Leonel's inner organs suddenly exploded. In another breath, his right arm imploded and ended up in a similar state to his left. In yet another breath, his knee collapsed, suddenly twisting in the wrong direction and bending at an awkward angle.

Despite this occurring, Leonel's expression didn't change a single time.

Every time a Brazinger family member managed to resist his edict, another devastating wound would appear on Leonel's body. However, in comparison to those that managed to survive, those that died were far greater in number.

Leonel didn't seem to care at all about the damage to himself. He just wanted them to die. He wanted them all to die.

The edict above Leonel's head fluttered and the words changed.

The corpses falling from the sky suddenly burst into clouds of blood, surging toward Leonel in a torrential wave.

A dark gold light wrapped around Leonel's body and a six armed, three headed panda construct took form, roaring into the skies.

At the same time, Leonel, who had seemingly been on the brink of death was suddenly healed, his wounds closing amidst a dark gold light in the blink of an eye.

The panda construct raised up two arms and a familiar Metal Spirit took form.

Little Tolly surged toward the squared spaceship Leonel had crushed and enveloped it.

Every time the fingers of the panda construct tapped at the air, another change would take place and the skies would rumble all the more.

In just a few breaths, Little Tolly separated into tens of thousands of pieces and the skies were enveloped by the light of countless javelins.

The humans of Earth were entirely shaken. From the Moon being wiped out to the current state of hundreds of Brazingers falling every second, everything had happened too quickly. These vent to their rage had come too suddenly, but why was it that they couldn't feel any sort of happiness? 

They could tell that Leonel… truly had no intention of asking them for help. Not once did he look toward them and he even seemed to look through them all much the same way he looked through the Brazinger family members. 

He had come here for slaughter. In fact, he was already wreathed in blood.