Leonel didn't even look directly at them; their speed had little effect on him; Just when it seemed that their attacks would envelop him entirely… until his four bows suddenly shifted;

The four youths froze, suddenly finding the tips of four javelins pointed toward each one of their faces; There were no words exchanged, no roar of fury, not even a single glance;

With a slight pull, the bowstrings shot out like iron balls from a canon, colliding with their heads before they could react and shattering them to pieces;

The Brazinger family members didn't even get a chance to sigh a breath of relief; Those four had been some of their best talents; If they were placed in the Void Palace. even the Cataclysm Generation wouldn't be able to stand up to them. or at the very least. the vast majority of the Cataclysm Generation would be helpless;

And yet. Leonel didn't seem to take them seriously at all. his bow aiming and firing just once. shredding them all to pieces.

At that moment. Simeon. who had turned to watch all of this with an indifferent expression. narrowed his gaze; In just the few moments since Leonel had appeared. over 10% of the people he had brought died. constituting thousands of lives. and even then. he didn't seem nearly satisfied at all;

What was even clearer was the fact that Leonel was walking forward in a line that couldn't have been straighter, a line that aimed and directed right toward him;

From the beginning. Leonel hadn't said a word to Simeon; In fact. he hadn't even looked toward him; He didn't suddenly lose himself in a tempest of rage. nor did he demand a thing;

If he wanted something. he would take it; For being a part of not only the death of his brothers. to also use them as puppets after their death. filled Leonel with more rage than he knew how to put in words;

Within his body, his Scarlet Star Innate Nodes trembled with a red-gold light, causing the flickering flames that danced in the surroundings to dance with a menacing cadence;

With every step forward Leonel took, he closed the distance between himself and Simeon; He had already been enraged past the point of no return before he even stepped foot back on Earth; But now…

…

"What's going on? What happened here?" Joel looked up into the skies. his gaze sharpening as he watched the dark clouds above rumble.

Currently. three of Leonel's brothers were side by side; They couldn't see what was happening currently because the trio. Joel. Arnold and Allan. were training in the depths of the ocean; In fact. if their time during the last decade or so was accounted for. it could be said that over 90% of it was spent here;

Even after so long, the oceans of Earth were still an incredibly dangerous place; They were simply far too large and the number of individuals with water-based abilities that could properly fight in this region, although not rare, were far too few;

The advantage the beasts born and raised in this region had was unprecedented, and after the disappearance of the koi fish, many other king beasts had risen up to threaten the populations of Earth, things only becoming worse with every step of evolution;

Beasts were different from other races in this way; Much of their talent was ingrained and their progression speed was decided both at birth and by their environments; As such, it could be said that the most talented population of living beings on Earth weren't the humans themselves, but rather the oceanic beasts!

This couldn't be helped.

While Earth's humans were born with a great amount of talent, this talent mostly came from their Ability Indexes; They lacked the guidance of techniques to make perfect use of their strength, and as such were mostly self taught through battle or using the creations of others as reference;

Much of these issues would be fixed if Earth had a few main Lineage Factors, but while Earth likely had the largest concentration of Sparks in the whole of the Human Domain, they still hadn't had the time to grow to their full potential yet;

Due to this, the ocean was the perfect training ground… at least to them. Most wouldn't dare to make use of it as they had, but the three of them wanted revenge more than anything else and they knew that they were far too weak in this state.

They would claw back everything those four families had taken from them.

"The commotion is large," Allan replied. "We should go and check it out."please visit

The three looked toward one another and nodded, not wasting anymore time as they shot toward that direction, the speed leaving trenches in the deep and dark waters.

…

"You seem to be very angry," Simeon sneered, looking toward Leonel.

It seemed obvious that there wouldn't be anyone here capable of stopping Leonel from closing in the final distance. No matter what talents were thrown at him, Leonel slaughtered them all. He didn't seem to know fatigue. He didn't tire, he didn't rest, he didn't even seem to be breathing heavily.

His Force was like an endless abyss.

Simeon's sneer darkened when he saw that Leonel had no intention of responding before his expression returned to normal, his sneer even deepening.

"Fine. I'll show you what true helplessness looks like. I'll let you see that before me, you were never worth anything at all."

BOOM!

The platform beneath Simeon shuddered and the knees of Raj and Drake uncontrollably bent in the skies as Simeon's aura could rise.

Simeon's crimson hair fluttered wildly, his red eyes piercing through the veil as Raj and Drake prostrated, holding up the platform on their hands and knees.

The towering presence of a Seventh Dimensional expert tore a hole through the dark clouds.

"You want to defeat me with just this level of strength? Even if you were in the Seventh Dimension I wouldn't fear you, let alone now. You have no idea the kind of monster you're poking at, do you think the blood running through your veins can match up to even a single percent of mine?!

"The Brazinger family, the Adurna family, the Laevis family, the Crudus family! These are all unfathomable existences you cannot possibly begin to comprehend!"

At that moment, Leonel finally seemed to look at Simeon. For the first time, he didn't just look through him, he looked right into the very depths of his soul. It was such a shudderingly cold look that Simeon felt his soul freeze over entirely, his body stopping in place and his next words being caught in his throat.

And then, Leonel's lips slowly parted.

"Adurna… Laevis… Crudus… I've already destroyed them all."

Leonel's head tilted slightly to the side in a fashion that felt decidedly demonic and devilish, wisps of crimson fog forming tails out of the corner of his eyes. 

His words seemed to come out in whispers that manifested like sharp hisses in one's ear, almost to the point of metal scraping against metal. 

"The Brazingers will follow them now."Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Simeon's pupils constricted.