Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"Bullshit!"

Simeon roared out; his voice coming out like a concentrated blast of air; He realized almost immediately that he had been agitated by just a few words; If Leonel was really lying; was there a need to react so violently?

His expression turned ugly, the concentrated breath of air that came from his roar falling into complete silence when it reached Leonel; It was as though they were standing in two completely different worlds;

Simeon had thought a lot about how this day would go. the day he finally met Leonel again; This was a man he had lost at the hands of terribly before. forced to run away with his tail between his legs; Because of Leonel. he had missed an opportunity to meditate at the center of a Force Eruption and that was something he would never forget; But even worse than that. the third time he met Leonel. when he and the other three young geniuses of the Adurna. Crudus and Laevis families were hunting the golden scaled koi fish. he was once again humiliated; And this time. Leonel didn't even seem to use any effort to force them into a state of trepidation;

While it was true that they hadn't fought during that third interaction, the genius of the Adurna family paying Leonel back for saving his little sister and thus holding them back, Simeon could still remember that look of cold indifference in Leonel's eyes as though he didn't take him seriously at all…

The very same look Leonel was giving him now. even disregarding the gap in their Dimensions.

Simeon had lost his composure the moment he decided to speak so much in the first place;

He had been dreaming about the day Leonel saw him use his brothers as puppets. dreaming about the rage that would be in his eyes. dreaming about the helplessness in his expression; But now they were finally here. and he saw none of that;

There was nothing but a fathomless depth.

Simeon's expression twisted. his fury boiling over as the whites of his eyes pulsed with crimson veins; However. after a moment. he exhaled a breath. suddenly regaining his calm;

Fight this man personally? Was he even worthy? He would do what he had always done with the ants beneath his feet.

Drown them;

Simeon waved a hand and his eight lenses rotated until they came to a stop with a glowing lens taking the center position;

A pulse of Spatial Force rippled before him, causing a rip in reality to form;

Out from his rip. one after another. grotesque monstrosities stepped out. each exuding an aura that oppressed the world.

The first was a werewolf covered in crimson fur and a flaming mane; It had claws that were over a meter long. dangling lower than even the soles of its feet; These claws seemed to be a solid silver metal at times. but at others. it would ripple and become plumes of fire. dancing between solid and translucent states;

The second was a cobbled together mess of circuits. wires. tubes and flesh; Its head seemed to be its body and its arms came out from its ears and while its legs came out from its neck; Pulsing flesh that looked like brains were plastered all over it with seemingly no rhyme or reason;

Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

The third was seemingly a ball of water. but its insides squirmed about with intestines that looked like they had been ripped right out of a human and preserved within the water; And. while it looked no different from water. the smell it gave off was that of a strong sulfuric acid. burning the nose hairs of even those hundreds of miles away;

The others were all just as terrible, making them all look like science fair projects that had gone terribly wrong.

"Kill him;"

A ball of acid surged forward, suddenly forming a tsunami-like wall, the intestines within it becoming exposed to the air and combusting everything they came into contact with; The air caught on fire with a green flame that exuded a smell that made one's stomach turn;

The crimson werewolf took a step and vanished, becoming a line of fire as it rotated to Leonel's back. Its speed was impossible to track with the naked eye, its claws slicing through the air to bisect Leonel from the hip.

The flesh mech soared high about Leonel's head, crashing down toward his panda construct's head even as its parts sparked and oozed oil and brain juice.

All the while, Leonel didn't move a single inch, his crimson gaze still peering into Simeon's soul.please visit

Simeon's soul continued to shudder. For some reason, his body felt cold and no matter how he circulated his Force, he couldn't heat himself up.

Just when Leonel was about to be forced to take out attacks from all sides, an inconspicuous violet fog took form, forming pockets above him, below him, to his left, right and to his front and back.

The violet fog swirled and suddenly sent ripples in space.

CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG!

Simeon's face suddenly paled to a sheet of white.

All around Leonel, valiant warriors stepped out, wafting a royal violet fog that made them look like shimmering nebulas. They looked both real and unreal, both corporeal and incorporeal. However, each one of them dawned an armor that made one's heart palpitate.

What shook Simeon to his core, though, wasn't this. Rather, it was the shields of Force they used to block his puppets and the auras they exuded.

Before each valiant warrior, there was a barrier of thin transparent blue energy. Every so often, a ripple would appear over it every so often, especially when it was disrupted. When this ripple spread, the small dragon-like scales this barrier was formed by became slightly more obvious before it settled down again.

This energy… No, this Lineage Factor… This was the Lineage Factor of the Adurna family!

But even worse than that was the auras all of these valiant warriors exuded.

Without fail, each and every one of them was in the Seventh Dimension.

The portals of violet fog continued to pulse, more and more experts standing out one after another. Before Simeon could even blink once, more than a hundred had appeared, each of them wearing mighty violet armor.

BANG!

With a slight grunt, the valiant warriors caused Simeon's puppets to implode, their bodies being shredded to pieces one after another.

All at once, these valiant souls turned their heads toward Simeon.

At that moment, it all sank in.

Leonel wasn't lying at all.

The Adurna family… He had already wiped them out.

Not only had he wiped them out, he snatched their souls from the afterlife to do battle for him.

He was a demon.

Simeon looked toward Leonel's tilted head and his heart stopped beating entirely.