Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1761 Rise

The six valiant warriors around Leonel shot forward; Leonel didn't even seem to need to personally control them at all; as though his gaze being focused on Simeon alone was enough to communicate everything that needed to be;

Simeon's expression warped, his pale features twisting as his lenses quickly rotated; It was clear that he couldn't be casual any longer; The Seventh Dimensional experts of the four families weren't individuals he could look down on, and somehow, they didn't seem to have lost any strength at all after falling into Leonel's clutches;

Simeon couldn't wrap his head around how Leonel could possibly control Seventh Dimensional souls to begin with, let alone so many of them at the same time; He didn't even seem to be struggling;

It was one thing for Simeon because his puppets were genetically modified; He didn't have to actively maintain control over them, they were bred into slaves with his own unique mark; They were reared to have a sort of symbiotic relationship with him that forced them to listen to him no matter what; Other than directing them, he didn't need to waste any stamina in controlling them;

But Simeon knew Leonel didn't have his Ability Index; And even if Leonel did, it was clear that this method wasn't the same as his own; So how was this happening?!

One after another; strong summons stepped out and surrounded Simeon; The more that appeared; the less grotesque and more normal they became; But it was precisely this that made them so much more powerful than the others; It was clear that the closer to normal evolution Simeon's puppets reached; the more power they were able to output;

An all out war broke out in the skies; Simeon might have only recently entered the Seventh Dimension in the last few years, but his number of Seventh Dimensional puppets wasn't small; In fact, they outnumbered Leonel's own;

Unfortunately for him. though. the quality of Leonel's was far beyond his own. And to make matters worse…

Ten of Simeon's puppets managed to surround one of Leonel's valiant warriors, their fists and legs lashing out all at once and suffocating it to the point it could react;

BANG!

The soul construct shattered. unable to withstand the blow.

But just when Simeon's puppets were about to rush toward another section of the battlefield, under his astonished gaze, the valiant warrior's illusory pieces fused back together once more, throwing out a sudden punch that cause the puppets off guard and killed three of them in a singles trike;

Simeon's expression was ashen;

Leonel only continued to walk forward slowly; closing in the distance with every stride; He felt invincible; as though there was absolutely nothing that could happen that could stop his forward momentum;

Suddenly; Simeon realized how useless it was to take Leonel's brothers as puppets; He couldn't use them as bait or hostages; and Leonel didn't even seem to react to their existence at all; What good were corpses in threatening a man who was living and breathing?Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

He could tell that Leonel was doing it on purpose.

With Leonel's speed, how could he have not closed the distance yet?

With his strength. how could he not have attacked directly yet?

With his means, why wasn't he a head on a pike yet?

Leonel wanted him to feel despair; he wanted him to feel helpless; he wanted him to feel small; He wanted him to feel as though there was nothing in the world that could save him; no man; no God; no existence;

For a moment, it seemed that Leonel himself was the one with six arms and three heads, he was the demon striding through the skies, what surrounded him wasn't just a construct at all, it was a projection of the darkness in his soul;

Suddenly, several roars rocked the skies. Hundreds of men and women with streaming tears in their eyes burst through the dense and dark storm clouds.

Lightning crackled around them, sometimes even lashing against their skin, but they didn't seem to notice at all. Their faces were already covered in soot, their clothes partially or almost entirely burnt off.

It was clear at a glance who these individuals were. They were the survivors of Leonel's devastation of the Moon, and for them to have survived such a thing there was no doubt that each and every one of them was an expert of the Seventh Dimension.

Seeing this, Simeon finally breathed, seeing a small light of hope. The Brazingers were all warriors, and they were all more powerful in a state of fury. Simeon simply didn't believe they couldn't turn this around.

However, in his search for a light of hope, Simeon had forgotten something very important: Leonel had already done this three times before.

How had Leonel, a man merely at Tier 1 of the Sixth Dimension, been able to fight a battle against so many absolute geniuses of the Seventh Dimension?

The answer was that he hadn't.

Leonel continued to walk forward, his stride never changing. He wanted Simeon to feel the greatest despair. What greater despair was there than feeling a final light of hope, only for it to be shattered to pieces before even gaining a chance to bloom?

…

High in the skies, barely within Earth's orbit, the rotating canons of a flagship the size of a moon finally cooled. Slowly, it turned from facing the Moon toward Earth, a shift occurring through its artillery units one by one.

…

Back on the Earth, the furious roars of the Brazinger family Seventh Dimensional experts caused the forest to tremble, the ground to quake and the tides to rise.

The Earthlings on the ground could only turn pale, their blood running cold.

"Hand over your life!"

A fiery haired woman with tears streaming down her face was the first to arrive. Her sister had just died in her arms, just a small Fifth Dimensional expert who couldn't survive in the harshness of space. What chance had she stood with the atmosphere of the Moon being burnt to ash?

The fiery haired woman's strength was unprecedented. Everywhere she passed, whether it was Simeon's puppets or Leonel's valiant warriors, they burst into a rain of blood and motes of light, unable to stop her for even a single moment.

She appeared above Leonel's head, her fist tearing through the void as she punched downward. Just the momentum of her strike alone caused Leonel's panda construct to ripple and almost collapse.

"Return my sister to me!"

Her shrill shrieks curdled one's blood, her hair furiously whipping out in all directions.

However, right then, a beam of light that split the world in two descended.

Leonel didn't even turn back to face her. Her last sight in this world was the indifferent casualness of his back view.

BANG!

She was incinerated to ashes.

Simeon froze. Hope had only appeared for a fleeting moment before it vanished in a buff of smoke and a rain of ash.

All he could see in this world was the look in Leonel's eyes as his lips slowly separated.

"Rise."

Leonel's soft words reverberated through the world, causing a vortex of power to form around the ashes of the fallen woman.

Soon, a valiant woman donning violet illusory armor appeared, her crimson hair fluttering as she kneeled toward Leonel, her head lowered in absolute obedience.

[More chapters later today]