Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"Where are these hidden realms."

"This servant does not know; Your Imperial Highness;"

"Have you never been there?"

"I have, Your Imperial Highness, and I can enter as I please, however this method relies on my fleshly body and I will not be recognized in this state;"

"You can enter freely but you do not know where it is?"

"Correct, Your Imperial Highness; So long as I or any member of the Great Families had been within Earth's jurisdiction, we could enter;"

"And why is it that you didn't use this method to escape when you couldn't escape from my hands?"

"This lowly servant was unable to due to certain restrictions, Your Imperial Highness; The process requires time and can be easily interrupted by outside influences;"Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Leonel could only lay down the killing intent in his heart for now; If there was no method, then it seemed that his killing spree would have to pause here… for now; 

"If this lowly one might be presumptuous. Your Imperial Highness."

"Speak;" Leonel said indifferently; somewhat knowing what Simeon wanted to say; 

"This lowly servant is lowly even among the Brazingers…"

Leonel nodded to himself, he had already guessed this; Back when he faced the patrol leader, he had deduced that Simeon was far too weak for the kind of status he seemed to have; 

"… The reason this lowly servant was able to demand some prestige is because of who my father is; My father and siblings all command great strength within the Brazinger family; However; while my Ability Index is good; my body has always been weak and I was thus tasked with overseeing things on the outside and I was not privy to many secrets; 

"However; this lowly servant does know some things; For example; the main family seems to have specifically bred the Brazingers on the outside to perform certain tasks; If this lowly one's understanding is correct; then Brazinger family members with a certain level of potency of Lineage Factor cannot exist the hidden realm; 

"A step further than that. if this lowly one is correct. then the potency is decided by the level of Earth; The stronger Earth's territory becomes. the stronger members of the Brazinger family and other Great Families can make their presences known; 

"As for why this is, this lowly one does not know or understand; But what this servant can tell Your Imperial Highness is that the last time the Great Families sent out a large contingent was after Earth's Sixth Dimensional evolution… They have yet to do so since Earth entered the Seventh Dimension because it was deemed unnecessary; 

"With Your Imperial Highnesses actions. however…"

Simeon's soul construct froze, a wild ripple fluctuating through it and nearly causing it to collapse entirely, never to return; 

A malevolent aura rolled off of Leonel in waves; 

"Good;" He said in a soft voice that somehow caused the flagship to quake; "The more they send; the better; My blade hasn't been satisfied yet;"

Simeon shivered, but his gaze was filled with fanaticism; If it wasn't because he knew well that his Imperial Highness was disgusted with him, he would have knelt down and kissed his feet; 

"Imperial Highness will be sure to crush them all!" Simeon roared out beside himself. supporting Leonel's momentum. "The members of the Brazinger family are powerful. but they will be no match for Your Highness!"

Leonel didn't respond to Simeon, he felt no need to; 

If the Brazingers they had sent out for the Sixth Dimensional evolution of Earth were already so powerful. there was no need to talk about the kind of monsters they had in reserve. However Leonel wanted them to come. whether it was for Aina. or his brothers… 

He hadn't let enough blood rain yet. 

"Put them down," Leonel said coldly. 

Simeon hurried to follow Leonel's orders, placing the platform above his head on the ground carefully. 

"Bring out the others."

Simeon understood what Leonel meant without explanation, the benefit of a soul construct. Quickly, he brought Leonel's other brothers. As expected, he had gotten them all. Milan, Franco and Gil came out and stood beside Raj and Drake, all of them having the very same dull gaze. 

This was exactly why Leonel had said that Simeon was lucky. If he hadn't done this, Leonel would have showed him just how cruel he could be. As far as Leonel was concerned, being burned alive was a show of mercy on his part. 

Under normal circumstances, Leonel would be helpless to do anything. However, because the corpses of his four brothers had been preserved and manipulated by Simeon, small portions of their souls were still present and had yet to dissipate. 

As a result…

Leonel flipped over a palm and the silver tablet appeared. 

With this, he could bring the five of them back. If their souls had dissipated, even the silver tablete would be able to do nothing. But by a twist of fate, all thanks to Simeon's sadistic actions, his brothers had a chance. 

"Rise." Leonel commanded. 

**

As Leonel yearned to bring his brothers back, news of his actions during the last few days finally began to circulate before they made it back to a particular man, Patriarch Graros, the leader of the Chaotic Water Sector. 

"He did what?" 

Graros sat up entirely, his pupils constricted into pinholes. It took him a long time to calm down, his heart still beating eratically even in the end. But, he still maintained his rationality, remembering the kind of backing and trump cards he had in his hands. 

"So he used the flagship to commit murder, correct? That's exactly the smoking gun we need. To think that I didn't need those schemes at all, he went and did it himself. Let Cross Elder Avan's know that he can at personally. He doesn't need to touch Leonel at all, just retrieve the flagship, everything will be simple after that."

Leonel had scanned the flagship from head to toe, there simply weren't any tracking devices, nor any methods of directly coming to him. But there was one failsafe that he couldn't see through even if he knew it was there, one hidden within its nuclear fusion core. Just probing the general vicinity was too difficult and could damage his soul, let alone if he tried to reach its hidden depths where this mechanism was hidden. 

Shield Cross Stars was a protector of humanity, they couldn't allow rogue Officers to do as they pleased. As such, whenever one of their warships was used to kill, there was a method of marking down exactly what happened and relaying it to the Shield Cross Stars upper management. This was meant to fight against corruption. 

In order to stop powerful officers who were often in control of such mechanisms from hiding their actions, the failsafe was tied to the power core itself. Every time an attack was powered, the core would register it. If a death was noted, it would be permanently recorded. 

The process of sending this information back to the Shield Cross Stars' headquarters would reveal the position of the flagship, but most importantly, a Cross Elder would be able to act directly. This was exactly what Graros wanted. 

Once this was done, the next step of Graros' plan would flow all too smoothly. 