Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel suppressed his annoyance in his heart. He would definitely deal with that annoying little mink, but he also had to be cautious.

For one, that little mink could somehow sleep within that torrent of energy without any problems while he had simply stretched out a hand into it yet almost couldn't withstand the pain. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Secondly, after so many days of battle with the little mink, Leonel knew that it most definitely wasn't simple to deal with. He even felt that its danger level was a level beyond the beast kings outside. He was thankful that all of their exchanges had lasted for a short time, or else maybe he would have been on the losing end far more times than he wanted to admit.

'Why can it just sleep there so easily? Didn't the dictionary say the only way to survive in this environment was Force Skin? It doesn't look like that little bastard is using it…'

The little mink seemed to have a cloud of black fog perpetually hanging around its body, but this wasn't exactly like Force Skin at all.

'It must be its innate ability… That means its Dark Element Force Strengthening Deviation might also comes from its innate ability…'

Leonel took a deep breath. He couldn't consider this any longer.

Now that he knew there was this beast guarding the Force Crystal Mine, he knew that he had to take it out. He didn't know why, but this little mink loved to attack him. Maybe the little guy thought it was a joke, but Leonel's life had been on the line every time. He couldn't take any chances.

After making a decision, Leonel started slowly descending. He had appeared too high, if he stepped out now, he would just fall to his death. But, if he went too low, his treasure would likely stop working.

The entire floor and much of the sides of the open space were covered with Force Crystals radiating resplendent lights. All the way here, Leonel had to navigate around ore veins because he knew his treasure wouldn't work against high level minerals. Obviously, the same went for Force Crystals.

Unable to communicate with the others, Leonel had no choice but to make an explosive move. With Flowing Wind positioned right behind him, he believed that she would be able to stop their fall with her ability, albeit shakily considered how volatile the Force here was.

Leonel leapt out from the wall. Force and sharp winds whipped against his body as he fell down toward the sleeping black-furred mink.

With a flip of his palms, two pistols appeared, both outfitted with harpoons. This time, he had no intention of holding back. If he could kill this beast before it woke up, that would be for the best.

BANG! BANG!

Leonel's gaze lit up. He knew his shots hit the mark. And, from start to finish, the little mink hadn't moved. In fact, it seemed that his shots were so powerful that it directly blasted apart the platform of Force Crystals the little mink had been sleeping on too. But, this made sense. After all, compared to those massive beasts outside, this little guy was really small. It was no surprise Leonel's attack went right through it like that.

Leonel landed heavily on the ground, a jolt of pain shooting through his legs as his blueish Force Skin fluctuated wildly beneath the pressure of the Force Eruption.

He shook the stinging sensation out of his lower half. It seemed that his fall had quite an impact on him, he should have definitely used his treasure shoes. But, he had been saving them in case the little mink woke up in time and made a move on him. If that happened, he would have needed his shoes to dodge, or else he would have been a sitting duck in the air.

However, Leonel could have never expected what he witnessed next.

When he looked up, he was stunned silent. The little mink was still there, sleeping its time away as though nothing had happened.

The two darts Leonel had shot out were still there as well. One went through the little mink's head and the other went through its body. However…

It was like the little mink was an illusion or in a completely different reality. Its body seemed corporeal, but Leonel attack went through it as though it had no substance at all, almost as though this was just a projection and not a living creature.

'What the hell…'

Leonel's heart tightened.

At that moment, Flowing Wind unsteadily dropped to the ground, carrying Roaring Black Lion and Thunderous Clap along with her. Her control over her ability was extremely poor in this place, but it was at least enough to slow their descent. Either way, Leonel hadn't brought her here for her combat prowess, but rather to help in quickening the maturity of the Force Crystal Core.

"You… why'd you kill such an adorable little guy?"

Flowing Wind reprimanded Leonel without the slightest hint of her previous lusty personality. In the blink of an eye, she had suddenly become a mother hen protecting her chicks.

Leonel almost couldn't refrain from lashing out. Adorable? This little bastard had almost killed him who knows how many times?

After a while, Flowing Wind and the others also noticed the oddity. If such a small creature was hit with such force, shouldn't it be a rain of blood and guts by now? Why did it seem like Leonel's darts had been embedded into its body?

"It's incorporeal? Is it fake?" Thunderous Clap muttered.

"I don't think it's fake…" Leonel said slowly. "… But don't be fooled by its appearance. This little thing almost killed me several times."

The eyes of the three youths widened. Almost killed Leonel? Which of them didn't know how powerful Leonel was? Yet, such a small beast was a danger to him?

Hearing such words, they could only put their guards up.

"I didn't get a chance to do this before because it was too fast, but maybe now…? Tell me about its abilities." The dictionary appeared in Leonel's palm as his eyes narrowed with seriousness.

[ *Ping* Evolved life form detected. ]

[Simplified Title: Mink]

[State: Evolved … Evolving]

[ Abilities: … *Ping* Generating nomenclature… ]

[ Shadow World: An ability that takes control of the world hidden from the stars. ]

[ Evaluating power… *Ping* ]

[ Evolution Stage: Elite Tier 9 Black ]