Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

1780 Nothing

Leonel was speechless for a long while, his mouth hanging open. "No way..." he eventually managed to say.

many words what happened, how high was Leonel's EQ? How sharp were his senses? He could even see a reflection of Raj's soul if he so wanted to, and he could tell just from that inkling that Raj wasn't messing with him.

It wasn't just Leonel who was looking at Raj with weird expressions.

Clearly, this wasn't exactly public knowledge, the only one who didn't seem surprised was Joel who was obviously aware of something previously, but this made sense. With Leonel not there, Joel was the de facto leader. In that sort of role, he would have to be aware of everything going on around him.

Raj cleared his throat. "Why are you all looking at me like that?"DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"Spill it, fatty," Milan glared from over the table.

Raj sneered. "Just because you're a 40 year old virgin doesn't mean you can just lash out at me as you please. Some of us have sex lives."

Milan's mouth hung open. Virgin? He wasn't a virgin. Raj had been the last virgin among them. Well, that didn't include Leonel, of course.

But given Leonel's status in their hearts, none of them even really considered him to be a virgin, it is pretty clear to them that he could have lost it whenever he wanted to.

In fact, even now, they weren't questionning his virginity, they just had their assumptions based on a few context clues. Leonel wasn't the type of person to go around talking about such a thing. The true virgin among them was Raj.

This wasn't even necessarily because he couldn't find a girlfriend, but rather because he had a big mouth and a fiery temper, he had no idea how to filter his words or coax a woman. He just blurted out whatever he was thinking, and that wasn't exactly conducive to keeping a woman happy.

Every time Raj got into a relationship, it ended in a fiery burning inferno, usually with him ranting at the top of his lungs about how idiotic the fairer sex was.

It wasn't a coincidence that his words after Leonel and Aina's break up were the most scathing. But the idea that Raj had not only lost his virginity finally, but even to one of either Savahn or Yuri, left them entirely without words, this was especially so because he had never filtered himself in front of them, even talking about his dream of having a harem.

But then again, since they were willing to leave him for so long, maybe they had gotten sick of his rant.

Seeing everyone's speechlessness, Raj slammed his meaty palms onto the table. He could handle much of their scrutiny, but the way Allan was pushing up his glasses and even Arnold of all people was looking toward him with such interest was getting on his last nerve.

Even the only person who could make him admit to such a thing, Leonel, was looking toward him as though his head was screwed on backward.

"You bastards! Can't you see this handsome specimen before you?! Do I look like someone who struggles with women?!" Raj's voice boomed, causing a section of the flagship to quake. However, his reaction wasn't met with the reception he wanted and he almost deflated.

"Fuck! People can't recognize a good thing even when it's right in front of them!"

"Alright, alright, tell us what happened already,stop throwing a temper tantrum you big lug," Franco laughed, his gaze particularly lustful.

"Just tell us, who was it, was it Savahn or was it Yuri? Also,I need detai-"Franco found his voice caught in his throat.

He coughed lightly as his head slowly turned toward Aina. She seemed to just be smiling a beautiful smile, but why was it that the air was suddenly so chilly.

"Ahem," Franco cleared his throat again, "less details, less details, just tell us about your beautiful romance."

"Forget you all," Raj snorted.

"It was definitely Yuri," Leonel suddenly said, causing everyone to look toward him, "I just didn't expect it. I underestimated you, big guy."

Aina's own expression flickered with surprise as well, but since Leonel dared to say it, she believed him. He wouldn't be one to mess around like that.

She suddenly wanted to see Yuri a lot more so that they could talk about this. She wanted details of her own, despite the fact she had given Franco such a friendly reminder. Interestingly enough, Raj deflated when Leonel finally said it, sinking into his chair with a sigh. He seemed to be regretting something, but it was already too late.

"It ended poorly, I take it?" Milan asked.

"Bah, forget her," Raj waved a hand, his expression quite unhappy.

But considering Raj of all people barely said anything and didn't even seem to be about to go on a rant, it seemed that this one was quite a deep one.

But he eventually sat up. He had regrets when he died, maybe there was a chance now that he was living again.

"Ah, forget it," Raj waved a hand in distaste, "I'm not chasing after that woman, she can kiss my ass."

"What happened, exactly?" Milan pressed. "Don't speak in code, or I'll beat it out of you."

Raj glared toward Milan. "It just didn't end well, alright?"

"It couldn't have been that bad, you're not even ranting about it and we had to squeeze this information out of you. I bet it was nothing," Milan replied.

"Nothing?" Raj sneered. "The last words she said to me when she left was that she'd destroy her body and make herself a new one so that I couldn't say I took her first time. Is that still nothing?" Milan's lip twitched. That was indeed a bit... extreme...

Leonel, though, had a different reaction to all of this.

'So that's it... Yuri really is a Spiritual.'