Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

1788 Choice

Rosellia and Seaward had difficulty rebutting Cherie's words. This was something the two ahd, obviously, been quite aware of. But they were simply unwilling, and what made it all worse was that this had been caused by their greed. Had they not attacked Earth backthen, with how much the Ascension Empire had on their plate, how could they have time todeal with a scuffle between two Sixth Dimensional families?

Had they not been on Earth's radar, they could have used this moment to make a final push into Midas and Radix territory, swallowing them up and secretly taking advantage of commotion to retreat in secret to digest their gains.But now it was difficult even toÂ make that argument. They wereÂ stuck between a rock and a hardÂ place.

They could either sit backÂ and hope that Earth would forgetÂ their transgressions and not dealÂ with them even after resolvingÂ their issues in the future, or they could rush forward with this and inevitably pop back up on their radar.Finnd ğ’ew chapters on nğ’ve/lbiğ’(.)com

Either way, their fates didn't seemÂ to be in their own hands. "Then we'll just have to accept theÂ offer," Rosellia eventually saidÂ coldly.

When this was said,even CherieÂ hesitated, not saying anythingÂ immediately. Her kind featuresÂ seemed marred by worry. If thisÂ sort of choice was made, thereÂ ruly was no going back.

ThoseÂ beople seemed to be very interested in their inheritance, but if their proposal was accepted, then they would have very little control of where things went from here. Ultimately, there were two predictable roads between themand one wild card. If they sat back and did nothing, they wouldeither eventually be destroyed in the future, or they would continue to wallow in mediocrity.If they attacked,they would offend the Ascension Empire and If they accepted this proposal...

any of those things could also happen, but there was also a small chance that they could break out of their cocoon and bloom.It was clear what kind of philosophy the Florer family usually had. Since they had dared to attack Earth back then even while knowing the kind of sticky situation they might get themselves into.

However, even so, they were used to doing risk assessments as well.

Back then,Earth was still a fledgling world and they seemed vulnerable. But now, they had already grown into a behemoth incomparison to them.

At the same time, if those peopleÂ dared to do as they said, then itÂ was likely that they were anotherÂ behemoth, one that their familyÂ also couldn't afford to offend.

The question was,should theyÂ make a deal with the devil toÂ escape a demon? Cherie couldn't make thisÂ decision. Back then she hadn'tÂ stopped the family from attackingÂ Earth because she too understoodÂ the concept that if one wasn't moving forward,they were moving backward.

If everyone around you was improving while you, yourself, was stagnant, it really was no different from moving in the reverse direction.

As a family that had survivedÂ many centuries to make it to thisÂ point, even conquering a galaxy toÂ themselves, they couldn't affordÂ to take a step back, especiallyÂ since so many were eyeing Earth'sÂ territory right now. Worse come to worst, they wouldÂ just allow their World Spirit toÂ dissipate and become true citizens of Earth. But if they were ostracized and their territory was taken over first before they could do even that, then what chance did they stand?

The three head elders looked toward one another and fell into silence. It seemed that they hadmade their choice. They didn't need to say anything to understand one another's conclusions.However,before they could takeÂ any further steps, a commotionÂ broke out.

As Leonel walked, he had to admit that the feeling of moist, softgrass beneath his bare feet feltalmost too good. The Florer family territory was indeed a beautiful one, exotic plants of all sorts bloomed in thesurroundings, filling the air withan earthy and delicate fragranc ethat soothed the soul, it even somewhat reminded Leonel of the scent of rain, but it was perpetual. He didn't waste any time and had come directly to their main planet, he truly didn't believe that anyone here could stop him. Even up until this point, he hadn't felt it necessary to take his hands out of his pockets and he was enjoying the scenery more than anything. The shouts of warriors and alarms began to blare, ruining theambience somewhat. However,every time they exposed their position, another swirling mass of Emulation Spatial Force wouldshoot through the air, impaling them all. The Florer family members wereÂ simply too weak.

Leonel wasÂ already able to kill one of their strongest warriors and geniuses back when he was in the Fifth Dimension. Now that he was in Tier 3 of the Sixth Dimension,what chance did they stand now?In what felt like just a few minutes, Leonel had already made it to the main gates of their estate.

The entirety of Planet Florer wasÂ covered in foliage and plant-life,Â even the water sources wereÂ covered in plants of all kinds,Â making it look like a planet ofÂ green from above.

Their main estate was really no different at all, it was hard to tell if it was a real fortress at allbecause even its sturdy constructions were covered inplant life.

BOOM!A rush of Spatial Force came outÂ from Leonel like the swing of aÂ hammer. In just a single strike, theÂ tall gates deformed, a dent thatÂ was over 20 meters across andÂ over five meters deep appearingÂ right at its very center. Leonel raised an eyebrow. '

It survived that?... It's actuallyrepairing itself too...Leonel was a bit reluctant to useÂ Fire Force in such a beautifulÂ place, but that didn't mean heÂ wouldn't if it came to it. For now,Â though... It didn't feel necessary. Leonel's gaze flashed.

BOOM!The gates flung open with suchÂ force that they were ripped offÂ their hinges.

Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.