1790 Twin

BANG! The head of the young man snapped backward, a bloody hole appearing on his forehead. He seemed to enter a slight lull for a moment before his head exploded, a rain of blood and gore spreading in all directions.

Leonel didn't show the slightest hint of mercy. The Three Finger Cult was an existence that was akin to the oil to his water. As many as he met was exactly as many as he would kill. For making his father show him such an expression, they deserved nothing short of death.

Cherie and the others shivered. They had no idea that young man was still here. He was the one who had come to them with the earlier proposition. But they had never thought that rather than leaving, these individuals would have still been here monitoring their movements. Even though they had eventually decided to side with these individuals, didn't this mean that they had never really had a choice to begin with?

And yet, this person they had feared had been shredded to pieces by just a single attack of Leonel's. Leonel's fingers flickered and more arrows appeared from the Segmented Cube. He nocked three at once, pulling back in one fluid motion as his hair fluttered in the air. He locked onto several targets at once, in his eyes, they might as well have been standing nose to nose. In such a situation, how could they avoid him?

SHUU! SHUU! SHUU!

Leonel released his bowstring, the roar of a white lion echoing with a sonorous resonance. At that moment, the other five who had all been hiding in the general vicinity, seemingly with the intention of blending into the family, all erupted with their greatest strengths at the same time.

Three punched out at the same time, shattering Leonel's arrows. Even so, two of them grimaced in pain as the bones in their hands fractured, and the last of them was even more unlucky, losing their entire fist to just a single arrow. All three stumbled back, their steps causing the ground to crack and shatter.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Leonel had already pulled out three more arrows before the first ones landed, pulling back with a movement just as fluid and releasing. The world seemed to be devoid of all noise, the whistling of Leonel's arrows fading as they became

faster and faster. The remaining two hidden experts shot into the air, radiant silver-black wings extending from their backs.

Leonel recognized it immediately as the Dusky Steel Bat Lineage Factor. The last time Leonel faced the Three Finger Cult,they had even sent someonewith the Aurora Black Panda Lineage Factor, the fact that this seemed to be the best this squadron could muster, it was obvious that they had sent a far weaker lineup this time around.

Even so, thev were actually arrogant enough to provoke Leonel despite knowing his identity. It could only be said that they had over estimated themselves. Leonel's three arrows spiraled around one another, appearing before one of the flying experts as though he had already guessed exactly what would happen.

PENG! PENG! PENG!

The expert quickly protected himself with his steel wings. The Dusky Steel Bat was well known for both its speed and the defense

of its wings. Even so, Leonel's attack left three heavy dents in the enemy's wings, sending him flying into the distance. Before he could even react, a fourth arrow appeared before his forehead, shattering his skull to pieces. The last look in his eyes was nothing more than sheer moments, he couldn't believe he had died so easily.

What he didn't know was that Leonel was impressed that any one of them had survived more than just a single arrow from him. The fact they could just went to show the sheer amount of talent was raising. Anyone who could survive more than a single strike from him while being in the Sixth Dimension had a right to be proud of themselves.

These were Leonel's thoughts.

TWANG!

Leonel's arrow suddenly exploded with speed in the air, catching the second Dusky Steel Bat Lineage Factor wielder off guard. Seeing how their companion died, she had thought that she would at least be able to block the first strike. But the sudden acceleration of Leonel's arrow caught her completely off guard.

His head snapped back with a bloody hole. There was simply no chance as her head exploded before her body even hit the ground. Leonel had already nocked four more arrows. If one was following his pupils, before his enemies even faced a fatal strike, he had already looked away from them. The confidence in his archery was untouchable. With a bow in hand, he was invincible.

Leonel released his arrows, but this time, his gaze narrowed. Even when it was just a mere three meters from his target, his expression didn't become any better. To anyone else, there was absolutely nothing there, but Leonel didn't seem happy at all. As expected, when the arrows entered a two-meter, a figure appeared from seemingly nowhere, a delicate hand waving through the air. As though this beauty was plucking grapes froma vine, she snatched Leonel's arrows out of the air, caressing them in her fingers and cradling them to a stop.

"They are no longer of any use, we will leave now," she said lightly.

"I've gotten what we need."

Her voice was beautiful beyond compare. As her white robes fluttered along with her veil, she looked like an absolute goddess, and her voice only made one want to protect her future. Battling her would be the furthest thing from anyone's mind. And yet, this wasn't something that Leonel was thinking about.

Rather, despite the obstruction of the veil and the fact his visual senses wanted to tell him that he had never met this person before, his far sharper senses were telling him a different story.

"Anya?" Leonel mumbled.

"No, you aren't her. A twin sister?" Leonel seemed to speak only for himself, but the ears of those here were too powerful given their Dimensional levels.