Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

1791  Death

The woman seemed to look toward Leonel for the first time, but it was for no other reason than the mention of Anya. She didn't seem to see Leonel at all, in fact it looked as though she was looking through him, a feeling that many of Leonel's enemies had experienced at his hands.

However, Leonel didn't seem to care very much. True confidence and arrogance stemmed from thinking little of what others thought of you, those who would be enraged by such a thing clearly had something to overcompensate for. As far as Leonel saw it, this was only confirmation of his thoughts.

Leonel's gaze shifted toward the ring on the woman's finger, his gaze flashing. His Bow Domain Lineage Factor activated and his vision seemed to implode with Spatial Force.

This was the truest extent of the Bow Domain Lineage Factor, the capability to activate Force from your sight. Since Leonel couldn't make use of the full Lineage Factor since he lacked the complete form, he could still accomplish this much.

His vision pierced through the veil and entered the spatial device on the young woman's finger. In an instant, he saw everything within her private ring, ranging from her undergarments all the way to what he was truly looking for.

An inconspicuous object was neatly tucked away in the corner. Although he had never seen it before, Leonel was absolutely certain that this was where the half of Silver Empire's inheritance was. Before he had gotten to it, this woman had made it there first.

At first, the young woman was confused about what she was seeing. But after a moment, she seemed to have deduced what had happened.

In one moment, she was stunned, and in the next, her placid glaze was marred by fury. She seemed to forget that there were people she was here to take away. Her aura alone caused the three that had managed to survive to erupt into a cloud of crimson.

Leonel didn't react much to this at all. He assumed that she was angry because he had seen her personal property, but he simply didn't care. In fact, the more time she spent angry instead of using whatever method she had prepared to escape, the better. He obviously couldn't let her leave with the inheritance.

As for seeing her undergarments, if he really wanted to, he could see her naked right this moment.

Most could use their own personal strength to cancel out the Bow Domain Lineage Factor, but Leonel had a very unique set of abilities that made it very difficult to do so unless you had a large power advantage over him.

If this woman was truly Anya's twin sister, there was no doubt that she was a top class beauty, one rarely seen, no less than Aina. But he simply didn't care. No beauty outside of Aina herself had ever moved him, and he doubted that that would ever change.

This woman could be stripped naked before him and he simply wouldn't care.

"You have a death wish," she said coldly.

Leonel didn't respond, his bow disappearing in place of a white-gold spear. His Absolute Spear Domain flourished, an illusory cyclone of gold dancing around him. The aura was so oppressive that the members of the Florer family were forced into a retreat, buildings in the surrounding area threatening to collapse.

The young woman, Harmony, took a step forward. But just as she did so, she looked up and her face seemed to scowl beneath her veil. Clearly, someone was communicating with her.

She looked back toward Leonel and sparks seemed to fly in her beautiful eyes, her ample chest heaving. She seemed to be memorizing Leonel's face for the future, her murderous intent towering like a malevolent tornado.

After a moment, she exhaled a breath and flipped her palm over to reveal a plaque which she immediately poured her Force into. Strong spatial fluctuations emitted in all directions until she was enveloped with a swirling portal.

She vanished.

However, from start to finish, Leonel hadn't moved.

A moment later, Harmony took a step out and her pupils constricted when she realized that she was actually standing in the same exact spot.

Her head turned back to find that Leonel was looking toward her indifferently.

"[Valiant Seal]," Leonel said lightly.

At that moment, in the surroundings, four pillars rose out of the ground, causing the earth to crackle and quake.

The pillars pulled themselves out of the ground, radiating with beautiful bronze and silver lights even as Leonel's Bronze Aura bloomed along his body. Harmony realized at that moment that the space was entirely sealed, and not by some treasure, but rather by Leonel himself.

Her gaze couldn't help but narrow. This was no normal feat, not at all.

Leonel began to walk forward slowly. "As many of your Three Finger Cult members appear before me is the number that will die. You overestimate yourself a bit too much."

Harmony regained her composure. If Leonel could see into her spatial ring, he could obviously see what trump cards she had in hand and would obviously be aware of what methods of escape she could use. From that moment, he had already prepared a counter for it.

Leonel wasn't just talented, he was scheming and highly intelligent. Even so…

"I think the one overestimating themselves is you. Keeping me here is the worst mistake you could have made. You had a path to life, and yet you insisted on choosing death."

Harmony's white dress fluttered, a silvery-black energy wafting out in all directions from her, the aura of a Tier 4 expert coming out from her in waves. Leonel immediately recognized this energy as the very same energy which had dissolved all the strength from his arrows. Feeling it now, he was even more certain of what it was…

Death Force.

A pair of white horns grew from Harmony's delicate forehead, her pupils growing to the point they almost swallowed up her irises entirely, forcing them to become rings of gold. Her white hair fluttered, being contrasted with the silvery-black energy.

Leonel was sure now. This was the Death Pulse Deer Lineage Factor, the fifth Lineage Factor, a pinnacle Eighth Dimensional Lineage Factor.

Harmony reached out with a hand and a scythe formed of white bone and creamy pearl manifested, the pole arm and menacingly curved blade connected by a glistening red ruby twice the size of an adult's head.

The polearm alone was at least three meters and the curve of the white blade was at least two meters.

SHIIING! SHIING! SHIING!

"You want to kill death?" Harmony laughed, her gorgeous voice still causing those who heard it to go soft. "Fool! I'm going to enjoy skinning that handsome face off of your skull." Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Harmony's scythe danced and spun in her hands before she suddenly attacked.