Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

1793 Defensive Path

Leonel's three headed and six armed dark gold panda construct roared,the bellow of chest dispersing the Death Pulse Force in the surroundings.Four of its palms clasped around the scythe, stopping it in its tracks. Its remaining two palms struck out at the same time, aiming for Harmony's body without the slightest care for preserving her life.Harmony was stunned for a moment with the sudden appearance of the panda construct. She felt that there was a familiar aura coming from it, but it was too different from the Aurora Black Panda Lineage Factor she was familiar with. If she had time, she might have been able to deduce what was happening, but before she could, those two palms had already appeared before her. Harmony's surprise turned to a sneer. A construct made of Force was what she feared the least.

second before her Death Pulse Force corroded all the Force it was constructed out of. However, before her Death Pulse Force could cause Leonel's panda construct to collapse, Leonel's lips moved. "Lotus Domain." Harmony's pupils constricted. The change was almost instant. The Death Pulse Force she was so proud of became a Force she couldn't even recognize, turning from a silvery black to a radiant white gold. The white gold Force exuded a surging vitality and Life Force that completely countered her Death-type Force.

BANG!

The two palms landed on her body. With the size of the panda, each was three feet long alone,so it truly felt as though her entire body was suddenly being ravaged.The air was entirely knocked out of her body and she shot backward, leaving fiery streaks in the skies. What shocked Leonel, though,was that she managed to hold onto her scythe, flying backward with a tight hold on it. Even so, Leonel's Starry LightDomain activated and he appeared above her flying body ina single instant, striking down with a rain of palms.

She managed to block a few,but once again, Leonel's last two palms were her downfall. They grabbed her two legs with a great force as though he would rip her apart from the bottom up. However, Harmony's body was far too sturdy. So instead, Leonel's panda construct's torso torqued, swinging Harmony upward before throwing her down to the ground with a vicious momentum. Blood flew from Harmony's lips, her body curving into a 'U' shape.

Her body looked far too fragile to withstand such a beating. Leonel stood above, his Lotus Domain still suffocating Harmony's Death Pulse Force as his Emulation Spatial Forcesurged to form his white goldspear. His Absolute Spear Domain Erupted with such a blinding light that the entirety of his pandas construct was swallowed up by the rotating gold cyclone.

He pierced downward with all the momentum he could muster, space trembling and cracking beneath his might.Suddenly...SCREECH!A malevolent dark Force rose into the skies. Leonel felt as though his spear construct had entered a quagmire it was unable to extricate itself from. His pupils constricted. 'Shadow Sovereign. Leonel had expected this to be a possibility.

The concentration of Shadow Sovereign talents that theThree Finger Cult had were far too many, and he had a feeling that Harmony's use of it and herShadow World was on a completely different level.

Harmony vanished from the ground in a swirl of darkness, appearing in the skies with nine pulsing blackholes hanging around her body. Even standing a measure away, Leonel felt as though his Force was being forcefully snatched and twisted into a vast nothingness.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Hisexpression couldn't help but turn serious for the first time.Shadow Sovereignty had many paths.

Blackstar had the greatest ability to bolster his mimicry by feeding the blood he had to this point.

Harmony seemed to be most talented in the defensive path, but it wasn't just that.

BOOM!

At that moment, the nine black holes rotated and a familiar Force shot out at Leonel, appearing before him in the blink of an eye. Leonel recognized it almost immediately. This was the very same Force he had just applied to his spear strike. Now it was coming back at him even faster than before.

Leonel's panda construct roared, swinging out two pairs of arms to the side and forming a large amount of dark blue Force. Leonel's gaze flashed and he completed a Magic Art, taking the formed Void Star Force and forming them into a pair of shields.

If members of Shield Cross Stars had been here,they would have felt that this shield looked eerily familiar. However, in comparison to theirs, Leonel's was hundreds of times more powerful. How could it not be, it was formed using the strongest Water Force in all of existence!

!BOOM!

Leonel's shields shuddered for only a moment before they dispelled the attack, but in that next instant, Harmony had appeared to his side. It seemed that even if she focused on this aspect of her Shadow Sovereignty, it didn't mean that she couldn't use the other aspects. In fact, with her talent she might not have any weaknesses whatsoever.

Harmony looked like the incarnation of a demon warrior goddess, her white gown streaking with black fog and her golden irises turning into a fierce dark gold while the whites of her eyes turned entirely dark. Even the scythe in her hands was now pulsing with black veins.

When she swung down, space shuddered and collapsed, the single line of crimson blood trickling from her cherry lips seeming to be particularly tragic. But even so,her strength was menacing and her backdrop was the eruption of pillars of lava. "Die!"Her voice was entirely ice cold, the harmony seeming to make her strike even more powerful than before.

Leonel pierced outward to meet her scythe with the hands not holding his twin pair of shields, but his brows jumped almost instantly.

Her scythe passed through his spear construct as though it wasn't there,even severing his panda construct in two and aiming right for his real body.Leonel roared and thrust out with his real spear, but it almost instantly cracked and then split in two,the scythe continuing toward his head and chest.