1795  Natural Light

Leonel's gaze sharpened. This feeling… it was a lot more similar to Anya. Were they not twins? No, this was definitely a different woman, he wouldn't make a mistake about that.

Leonel knew there was no coincidence that Anya's twin was here. It was clear and obvious to him that Anya must be a member of the Three Finger Cult. This also made him recontextualize everything she had ever said to him, even down to her saying that he was supposedly dangerous.

Just as Leonel was thinking, a piercing light suddenly appeared before him.

Leonel's reaction speed couldn't be compared to before. He struck out with a palm, two more stars appearing to his back. These carried a dense dark blueish black color, rippling like the ocean waves in the depths of the night.

The pillar of light shattered beneath Leonel's palm strike, the arm of his Divine Armor rippling like water. Despite the power of the strike, Leonel didn't take even a single step back as he perfectly dispersed its strength. But even so, his expression was serious.

That casual attack was on the same level as that profound scythe strike from earlier, and yet she had done it without much effort.

Leonel suddenly understood at that moment that if Harmony had the other half of the Northern Star Lineage Factor, her power would be absolutely unprecedented. A Shadow and Radiance Sovereign in the same body… She was a monster.

There were no shadows without the light. Light couldn't be bright without the darkness of night. When the two came together, they amplified and fed off one another. Even if Harmony used no other abilities, her strength had increased by over ten times with absolute ease.

Harmony's chest expanded and she suddenly unleashed a mighty cry. It sounded like a phoenix calling down the might of the skies, her small body causing a sound that resonated across the solar system as though she wanted every existence to bow down to her reign.

Under the blinding light, her injuries healed almost instantly. The sound of her cry made Leonel's body rattle within his Divine Armor. If not for the existence of his armor, he may very well have just experienced his heart rupture.

CLANG!

A white chain suddenly manifested from the blackholes surrounding Harmony. It was so fast that Leonel could react in time. He barely managed to put a hand up and block with his forearm, flooding his armor with Void Star Force and wanting to repel it. However, the chain coiled around his arm as though his Void Star Force wasn't there, restraining and forcing it down.

Leonel felt a strong force pull him toward Harmony.

Without hesitation, he roared. The Vital Star Force pumping through him became like a crimson tide, the jade portions of his armor which had turned a radiant blue now became a bloody crimson.

With a tug of his arm, the chain shattered beneath his might, but by that point, Harmony's scythe had already appeared before him.

Leonel's other arm had swung down to meet her blade, his black rod forming a sharp edge that snaked forward.

Just as the two blades met, Leonel sidestepped, causing Harmony's strike to become a glancing blow. At the same time, his free hand rotated through the air, the Void Star Force it had been accumulating becoming even heavier as he struck outward.

Harmony removed a hand from her scythe, countering with her own palm.

BOOM!

Their palms couldn't even meet, separated by a wild fluctuation of Force. Both sides seemed to carry an oppressive void-like energy, swallowing everything in its path and wanting to devour the other whole.

The two were forced into a quick retreat, but they instantly stamped down against the air, surging forward and clashing once again.

Their blows deformed the atmosphere, collapsing mountains beneath and causing vacuums of air that wiped out entire regions.

Harmony suddenly vanished in a beam of light, appearing to Leonel's side.

BOOM!

Leonel's brainstem lit up with a silver-gold color, his Emulation Spatial Force activating as his body suddenly multiplied into hundreds of clones, each of them swinging forth with a towering Spear Force.

Harmony continued to swing as though she didn't see them at all, clashing with Leonel and hooking her scythe into his guard and pulling his spear down.

At that moment, Leonel's clones all attacked at once, their Spear Force riddling Harmony with holes. However, each and every "hole" fluttered with a black fog as though Harmony wasn't a corporeal existence anymore.

Leonel released one of his hands from his spear, escaping from Harmony's hook attack and pulling back. But in retreating, Harmony's golden irises flashed, attacking Leonel's now open chest.

Another beam of white light appeared before him, smashing against his broad chest.

BOOM!

Leonel was sent flying back, his body torpedoing into the ground.

Harmony stood in the skies, her arms raised and her mouth open as yet another cry echoed. The skies quaked and the oceans overturned, the pillars of lava growing in size as though in response. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

At that moment, the skies flipped toward absolute darkness on one side and a bright day on the other.

Harmony's strength multiplied many times over. Even as Leonel burst out from the ground without the slightest scratch on him, her strength continued to multiply.

'Natural Light Realm…'

The Universal Force fell in tsunami-like waves. It felt as though all the Universal Force this region had to offer was being siphoned for the personal use of Harmony.

Leonel took a breath and exhaled, entering an unprecedented state of calm. To his back, the radiant Stars continued to pulse, but now, the crimson aura of his Divine Armor slowly became overwhelmed by a deep violet color.

The final stage of Leonel's Star Fusion technique… King's Might!

BOOM!

All of the chaos of the world seemed to vanish. The oceans became still, the pillars of lava calmed, the thunderous skies fell into silence.

Dense violet fog billowed from Leonel's body.

He took a breath and the vents of his helmet emitted a pale violet steam.