Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

1796 Voice

"Disperse."

At that moment, the split skies vanished. The endless darkness of one side and the bright day of the other disappeared under a single word.

Leonel took a step and appeared before Harmony. Their cold gazes met as his spear struck out.

A river of violet seemed to follow the thrust of his spear, the clouds splitting and the earth ripping beneath his feet.

A lovely symphony played within the layers of his Force, appearing before Harmony in the blink of an eye. Harmony raised her scythe to block, but it didn't seem to matter.

Her wrists went numb and her shoulders were nearly ripped from their socket, and yet she oddly wasn't sent flying backward.

It was as though the laws of physics had entirely changed to be suited to the will of a single man.

Leonel unleashed a flurry of attacks, each one Harmony was forced to take the full brunt of without the ability to take even a single step backward.

Her inner organs rattled and her bones fractures, blood oozed from her lips and the suffocating presence before her only became more unyielding and towering.

All of a sudden, Harmony froze and it all hit her at once. Her clothing exploded to pieces and her scythe cracked.

It felt like until now, she had just been facing the build up of momentum before it was all unleashed at the same time, ripping her nearly to shreds.

BOOM!

Harmony crashed into the ground and Leonel appeared to her sides though he had been there from the very beginning.

The wind seemed to be entirely still around him, the only sound coming from the "breathing" of his armor, billowing violet fog reminiscent of a descending nebula filling his surroundings.

Leonel reached down and pinched Harmony's finger, pulling the ring out of it. He looked toward the ring before looking toward her indifferently.

The last time Leonel had used [Star Fusion: King's Might], it was in his battle against Myghelle.

But the him of now and the him of back then couldn't even be placed within the same sentence, he might as well have been an entirely different person.

Not to mention the fact his Vital Star Force was purer and more powerful being supplemented directly by his Stars having entered the Heavenly Body Realm, and his comprehension of King's Might was on an entirely different level.

Star Fusion already allowed him to break the limits of his body by filling it with a body-type LifeForce specifically known for its vitality.

Anyone with a high affinity for Vital Star Force would be a naturally strong person. If one was born with such an Innate Node, they would definitely have something akin to inborn divine strength.

Leonel didn't have such a thing, but what he did have was arguably even better than that.Setting Aside his Stars, his Divine Armor Was on a completely different level.

It had a symbiotic relationship with him, no different from an Innate Node and its affinity with Life Force, Water Force and related Forces was entirely off the charts.

Any Vital Star Force it absorbed without having a hundredfold the effect it would have on just his body alone.

But what was even more devastating for Harmony was that this wasn't even his strongest Divine Armor. Of his three, this one was the weakest.

If this one had a hundredfold effect, the second had a thousandfold effect, and the final one had a ten thousandfold effect.

What was of most importance here, though, was what would happen with King's Might applied to this.

Emperor's Edict allowed Leonel to bend reality to his will. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

When King's Might and Vital Star Force were fused, Leonel's innate ability to break the laws of reality were applied directly to his body.

This would allow him to do something like... delay the true strength of his strikes by just enough that they would fuse together and be unleashed at once, seemingly one shotting a genius on Harmony's level.

'Star Fusion’ is too excellent of a technique. I need to study Camelot's Magic System more to see if I can create a Knight Technique that is suited to Void Star Force as well.

If I can do that, the power of my Divine Armor will multiply several times beyond what it is now. It wasn't that Leonel hadn't thought of this before, it was just that it was very troublesome.

When Leonel created Star Fusion, he was in a region where no other Force but Vital Star Force existed.

On top of that, he had months of time where he was constantly thinking of ways to improve his strength using this Force.

Leonel didn't have an equivalent region comparable to the Dimensional Cleanse trial world for Void Star Force, so he couldn't guarantee such a thing.

He would simply have to set this aside for now and wait for an opportunity. Either way, he had proved that this path of his Divine Armor was the right path.

It had never felt so powerful before, but now it was well and truly like a Divine Armor. Leonel wondered what he should do with Harmony.

He could kill her and use her soul to extract the information he needed. She should have an incredibly high standing in the Three Finger Cult given everything.

There was also the option of leaving her alive as she could potentially be more useful as a slave if he branded her like she did the others of the Etching Metal Organization.

If she was a soul, she would only last 24 hours. But if she was alive, he could make use of her indefinitely, though she would also be a ticking time bomb.

Leonel was pretty confident in defeating her. As things went, he hadn't used anywhere near all of his strength though it had been a tough battle.

But even so, having a potential backstabber waiting for him to slip up in the shadows wasn't exactly heart warming either.

Just as Leonel was about to make a choice, the spatial ring in his hands vibrated and his eyes narrowed.

He took out what looked like a communication device and poured his Force into it. He smirked inwardly, wondering what would come out of the other side.

But surprisingly enough, it was a familiar voice.

"Hello, Leonel."

Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.