Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

1798 Confusion

"Continue," Leonel said.

It was rare for him to not understand something, but from what he could tell, the confusion wasn't coming from himself, but rather the Florer family's inability to explain their own Lineage Factor.

What shocked Leonel wasn't just that they were so clueless, or even that these were supposedly the most experienced of them all, but that they could be so powerful even while having such a poor comprehension of what their Lineage Factor should be able to do.

For context, one could take the Luxnix family. To the Three Pillar Sector, Earth's home Sector, just before Leonel had been sucked into the Cataclysm Zone, the Luxnix had been the most powerful existence there was.

They had built this reputation not only by destroying the Montex and the Viola families, but it was also because of their exceptional Lineage Factor as well.

They had a 6th Dimensional Lineage Factor, but the Luxnix family had squeezed every ounce of potential it had out of it.

They had created a large number of techniques and hadeven built up an entire Force Art system off the back of it.

It could be said that among all the families of the Human Domain, even though the Luxnix was nowhere near the most powerful, when it came to this they were on top.

This was the only reason a family with a mere Sixth Dimensional Lineage Factor could have dreams of progressing to the Seventh Dimension.

If not for their success in these aspects, they would have never had so much success.

All things considered, the Florer family was inferior to the Luxnix family, but more than just a few steps as well.

But the difference wasn't exaggerated to the point that the Florer family couldn't see the peak the Luxnix family stood on.

One family had unearthed all of their potential. The other couldn't even properly explain how their Lineage Factor worked.

The difference was striking on one hand, and not striking enough on the other.

When Leonel put this into perspective, he realized that what the Florer family had on hand was likely not so simple at all.

In fact, it might have been more of a curse than a blessing that they had ended up with an entire half of the inheritance.

At the very least, although the descriptions of the Midas and Radix families were poor, it was still enough for Leonel to draw some small conclusions. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

It was clear that breaking up the Lineage Factor into more easily digestible bits and pieces had done them good. But even so,they could barely fight off the Florer family.

If Leonel was correct, if the Florer family could grasp at least some of the secrets of this Lineage Factor of theirs, then they might be able to catch up to the Luxnix family.

If they went a few steps beyond that,they should be comparable to the middle levels of the Seventh Dimensional families, and that was just with half of the inheritance.

"This... I..." Cherie looked toward the others. After hearing that Leonel wanted them to continue, she felt somewhat embarrassed.

She had lived well over a hundred years already, it was nothing but embarrassing to not be able to describe her own abilities to someone who was effectively a child in her eyes.

She hoped that she would get help from her counterparts, but they avoided her eyes. Clearly they felt that they couldn't do better than Cherie's original explanation.

Usually when facing youths of their family, they might be able to spew some nonsense that sounds profound and trick them into going away.

But not only did they not dare to do such a thing with Leonel, even if they did, with Leonel's intelligence, he would easily be able to tell that they were spewing bullshit.

They had learned of Leonel's Intelligence personally decades ago.

They had mostly shrugged it off before, but sitting before him now, they felt the need to accept every legend they had heard as the absolute gospel.

Cherie took a breath and tried to calm herself. Realizing their dilemma, Leonel realized that it was useless to press like this. Instead, he asked a different question.

"Before your family gained the inheritance,what were your abilities like? What about you is allowing you the ability to use this Lineage Factor in the first place?"

Cherie felt like a weight was being lifted off of her shoulders when she heard this question. She had thought that Leonel might kill them if she couldn't answer his question properly.

"Before we gained the inheritance, we had a strong Wood Force affinity." Leonel's gaze narrowed when he heard this.

As he knew, Wood Force didn't exist naturally on its own, it was a fusion of Earth, Water and Life Forces that manifested in this way, that was where plant manipulating experts usually gained their abilities.

He also wasn't a great fan of the Wood Force purely because of the Evergreen Religion.

"However, according to what we know, after we gained this inheritance, it evolved. Before, our abilities could be said to have been at a Fifth Dimensional level, but afterward, it increased to near the peak of the Sixth Dimension. We went from a small family in our galaxy, to the peak family.”

Leonel fell into his thoughts. If they had such an affinity before, could it be that the half of the inheritance had nothing to do with Wood Force and other plant Forces to begin with?

Could they be conflating their evolution in strength for something directly related to the inheritance itself? It was possible.

But Leonel had a hard time believing that these people would be so foolish. Even if they were confused initially, it shouldn't have persisted for so long.

It was more likely that the reason for the confusion stemmed from the fact that the former Florer family's Lineage Factor, and the inheritance, were very much related, and not just in one or two ways.

After some thought, Leonel looked toward Harmony's ring. The main inheritance was in there.