Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

1800 Heart Valve

Leonel almost immediately felt a strong rush of Life Force.

After he had rebuilt his Metal Body, his own Life Force affinity was exceptionally high,and that was especially so for body related LifeForces.

Right now, it could be said that his Life Force affinity was Sixth Dimensional.

It should have been nearer the beginning since his Metal Body was still at Tier 1, but because he had only used Pure Force Crystals, it was no less effective than a Peak Sixth Dimensional affinity.

The current Leonel was far better in this regard than the formerly Fifth Dimensional Florer family. Theoretically, his compatibility with this Lineage Factor should be even higher.

Truthfully, Leonel wasn't all too eager to gain another Lineage Factor, it would only mean more comprehending he had to do.

He had barely brought out a decent amount of potential from the talent he already had, so he didn't want to add more to his plate... at least not normally.

However, his instincts kept telling him that these Lineage Factors were somehow related to this Metal Synergy Lineage Factor.

And, even if it didn't, it might give him some insights that would only help his Metal Synergy Lineage Factor in the future.

Either way, there was a secret here to be dug up and he wanted to do so personally.

A rush spread through Leonel's body and he felt a pop in his instantly,his consciousness was seemingly teleported to a new Place.

When his vision cleared, he found him standing within a forest of golden trees.Leonel reached out and knocked on a tree to his side with a knuckle.

His eyes couldn't help but narrow when it came back with a clear metallic ding. He looked up, but to his shock, there was no sky. But when he looked down, there was no earth either.

It was an odd feeling.

At first, he could have sworn that he was standing in the middle of a lush forest, but in an instant, that illusion was stripped away and he found himself in what could only be described as an ... incomplete world.

Leonel pulled his consciousness back, a deep frown on his face.

He could feel that something had already taken root in his body, but it was incredibly faint. It would stand incomplete until the wooden ball was fused with the chalice and flames once again.

Until then, it would remain a vast empty darkness which just so happened to have golden trees standing within it in the middle of nowhere.

Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Leonel activated his Starry Spirit Domain and scanned his body, checking for the changes.

Unlike others, he had precise replicas of his own body even down to the individual cell, and even further down to the bacteria that called his body home.

With this, he could take note of even the most minor of changes. Depending on the Lineage Factor, it could take root in different places.

The bloodstream, the brain, some even created entirely new organs. This Lineage Factor seemed to take the third choice, Somewhat.

Leonel noticed almost immediately that there was a new set of valves in his heart. Leonel was taken off guard by this change.

This wasn't because of the change itself, but rather because he hadn't even felt the change happened.

He had been almost 100% certain that the change would have been more subtle than most could perceive. He involuntarily took a breath in his shock.

But in response, something even more shocking happened. His heart suddenly beat so hard and fierce that it echoed in his own ears, the strong BADDUM threatening to deafen him.

His blood rushed through his body even faster than before and a cycle of waste was almost instantly purged by Leonel's kidneys. Leonel's lip twitched. What was this?

The Florer family didn't mention this change, could they just have not noticed? Leonel turned his Dream World toward Cherie and the others, scanning them all.

They didn't even notice the clear invasion in their privacy, still sitting nervously as though waiting for Leonel to execute them.

When Leonel gained back a 3D projection of their inner organs, his gaze flickered. The vitality of this family was off the charts.

Let alone an extra pair of heart valves, their hearts were all double the size they should be, with far thicker walls as well.

However, they had adapted to it far better than Leonel had. Their hearts were so powerful that they only beat once or twice a minute.

Even Leonel, despite his fitness, experienced anywhere between 10 to 20 beats a minute at rest. But what was even more important to point out was that they were nervous!

They were sitting on pins and needles, they were sweating and their heart rates should have been off the charts. And yet even so,one or two beats per minute was the peak.

If they were truly relaxed,would they experience maybe one or two beats per three minutes? Four? Maybe even five?

This didn't seem to have a Profound effect on their overall strength, but just in terms of sheer vitality, they were absolutely insane.

Leonel couldn't help but think, was this something one could miss? It was possible... The change was so subtle that even Leonel hadn't noticed.

But the problem was that over all these years, no one in their family had realized the oddity? Leonel shook his head. 'I'm still looking at things through the lens of an Earthling.

There are countless humans in the Human Domain, a single galaxy has trillions upon trillions, let alone a Sector.

The number of evolutionary paths and small tweaks and changes among them would be impossible to count.

Even if they eventually noticed the oddity to their hearts, they wouldn't immediately link it to the inheritance...Leonel turned his attention toward the 3D replicas of the three head elders and he slowly began to build a picture of what happened. In the end, it all came together.

'From the very beginning, their Lineage Factor was related to their hearts, that was where their vitality came from. Just like Aina, they have a Blood Force affinity, but they can't extend theirs out of their bodies and it was very weak before they received this Lineage Factor.'

After this Lineage Factor,though,their vitality skyrocketed and the strength of their hearts multiplied, making their BloodForce even more potent.

Their act of assimilating plant species with themselves and growing it out of their bodies is actually just an act of them sharing the vitality of their Blood Force with these plants!

It had nothing to do with Wood Force. No, more accurately, the stage to which the Florer family had awakened it had little to do with Wood Force. As for what's beyond...