Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Leonel turned a complicated glance toward the dictionary in his hands.

"Tell me about the levels of Force Strengthening Deviations."

[ *Ping* ] 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

[ Force Strengthening Deviations are divided by quality and type. Type can range from Weapon Types to Elemental Types, while quality is decided by Evolution Potential and range of ability, also known as Evolution Branches. ]

[ Evolution Potential: The potential for improvement. This is decided by the amplification ability of a Force Strengthening Deviation. All Force Strengthening Deviations have the ability to reach the pinnacle, but the amount of amplification they provide varies. ]

[ Evolution Branches: These are the number of routes a Force Strengthening Deviation can take. Not all of the same type and sub-type are born equal. There are differences in strength between Spear Forces and even Light Elemental Forces. ]

Leonel's brow furrowed. There was so much information. He didn't know if it was worth it to know all of it. After all, he only had three hours left. He had to make a decision. Sitting here listening to a history lesson on Force Strengthening Deviations would just be asking for death.

"Tell me about my Light Elemental Force specifically."

[ *Ping* ]

[ The Light Elemental Force Seed has comprehended comes from a Lineage Factor. This is somewhat different from a Force Strengthening Deviation comprehended naturally or awakened through and ability. ]

[ A naturally comprehended Force Strengthening Deviation is limited by either one's comprehension or the source one has used to comprehend it. ]

Leonel was confused by this for a moment, but after a while he understood. By 'source' the dictionary was referring to natural sources of Force Strengthening Deviations. For example, if one found a battle ground and there were many Spear Force scars along the ground, it would be possible to comprehend Spear Force from them. But, one would be limited by the expertise of the expert that carved the scars in the first place.

Of course, one could also naturally comprehend Spear Force on their own much like Hutch comprehended Blade Force. In that case, it was on one's own shoulders to improve and evolve one's Spear Force.

[ A Force Strengthening Deviation awakened through an ability would be limited by the Evolution Stage of one's ability. But, Seed's Force Strengthening Deviation is limited by the Lineage Factors of your Lineage Factor. ]

[ The origin of Seed's Light Elemental Force is the Snowy Star Owl Lineage Factor. ]

Leonel's heart suddenly skipped a beat.

Time dilated and he could feel that his breathing had slowed to a crawl. In that moment, his eyes became dim as though he had been trapped in an illusion.

In the beginning, all he saw was darkness. But, after a while, he could faintly see a small dot in the distance that radiated a bright light.

He blinked just a single time, but the moment his vision cleared, the light had completely covered the range he could see.

The sight was incomparably beautiful. A bird with eyes radiating with wisdom and feathers as white as snow looked down toward him. Its golden irises didn't have a hint of disdain or loftiness. Rather, it looked down as though a senior appreciating a junior. The gentleness touched Leonel's heart.

COOOOOOOOOOOCOOOOOOOOOOOOO

A mighty call left the owl's beak as it flapped its wings once more, vanishing from Leonel's sight. But even still, the image continued to replay in his mind. And, as time began to regain its previous pace, Leonel's heart followed and quickened many times over.

When Leonel's dull gaze regained its light, he found that his breathing had quickened and he was drenched from head to toe in sweat.

'Wow…'

Snowy Star Owl… What kind of creature was that? Leonel had no idea. But he somehow felt that it was incomparably majestic. Leonel wasn't sure how his Lineage Factor stacked up to other Light Elemental Lineage Factors, but what he did know was that this Lineage Factor made him feel extremely comfortable.

[ The Snowy Star Owl is known especially for its speed, wisdom, and miracle healing. As such, Seed's Light Elemental Lineage Factor can be considered to have three main Branches of Evolution. ]

[ The first branch is simply known as the Movement Evolution. Among Force Strengthening Deviation, Light Elemental Force only loses to Space Elemental Force in this regard. However, within the Speed sub-branch of the Movement Evolution Branch, the Light Element is unmatched. ]

[ The second branch is known as the Support Evolution Branch. The Wisdom sub-branch and the Healing sub-branch both fall under this category. ]

[ Both sub-branches can only be effectively used when combined with one's other Lineage Factors. Meaning one's level of Light Elemental Force can thus unlock Lineage Factor abilities and techniques to be used as one. ]

Wisdom? Healing?

Leonel didn't know what these sub-branches were, but this Evolution Branch concept really reminded him the evolution trees of a role playing game. Was that how Lineage Factors worked as well?

He had thought that his Light Elemental Force had exceptionally good penetrative abilities, but judging by the words of the dictionary, this wasn't its main ability.

"Why do I feel that my Light Elemental Force had good penetrative ability?"

[ *Ping* ]

[ Replying to Seed, this is a result of Seed's Spear Domain Lineage Factor. ]

Leonel furrowed his brows. "Isn't my Spear Domain Lineage Factor much weaker than my Light Element Lineage Factor?"

[ *Ping* ]

[ Replying to Seed: You're an idiot. ]

Hearing these words, not only did Leonel's face darken, but so did the other three youths who happened to be nearby him. Even in the situation, the sudden odd words almost made them burst into laughter.

Leonel could tell that the 'You're an idiot' part was very lifelike. It seemed that it was yet another recording left by his father, but this time, it was just a short message.

[ The strength of the Spear Domain Lineage Factor is in its ability to combine countless disciplines into one. This is why the Spear Domain Heirloom is filled with spears, each tied to a different consciousness and each with a completely different style. Only by combining many disciplines into one will the Spear Domain Lineage Factor truly show its might. ]

[ The reason Seed's Light Elemental Force seems to have great penetrative abilities is because of the effect of Seed's Spear Domain Lineage Factor. It has integrated Seed's Light Elemental Force somewhat, giving it such an ability. ]

[ Also, though attacking is not a main ability of the Snowy Star Owl, it is still an Elite Sixth Dimensional Mythical Beast. It would not be too weak in this regard. To lower Dimensions, its attack ability can be considered godly. ]

After hearing all of this, Leonel finally understood. The penetrative ability of his Light Elemental Force occurred due to the influence of his Spear Domain Lineage Factor. But, since he had looked down on his Spear Domain Lineage Factor, he never actively tried to look into its secrets, thus inadvertently suppressing it.

"If that's the case…"

Leonel's blood rumbled, a spear appearing in his hand.

Without even getting up, his eyes flashed as he pierced forward. This time, he felt that the integration of his Spear Force and Light Elemental Force had risen by several degrees.

PUUUUU

Leonel's eyes glowed with a fierce light. "Four meters!"

It wasn't only him who was excited, but Flowing Wind practically pounced into his arms and gave him a kiss.

There really was hope.