Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

1803 Really?

"Yes!" The words almost spilled out ofÂ Cherie's mouth, she didn't evenÂ bother to look toward her fellowÂ head elders. Even after all of thisÂ time, she still worried that LeonelÂ would turn around and slaughterÂ their family after he got what heÂ needed out of them. So, theÂ moment she heard this, she didn'tÂ allow anyone to be foolish enoughÂ to hesitate.

Seaward and Rosellia looked toward Cheri with surprise, but at this point, they didn't dare to detract even if they had such a thought. If they did, the result would be even worse than outright rejection. Leonel swept a gaze through theÂ head elders and then to CherieÂ and back. And then, he suddenlyÂ smiled. There didn't seem to be anythingÂ special about the smile, but forÂ some reason it made them feel iceÂ cold. If Leonel had said someÂ stern words just now, maybe theyÂ could have handled it well enough.

But seeing that smile, that casual confidence, any sign of resistance they had crumbled to ash.

Leonel didn't bother with the oldÂ ones anymore and he pulled out aÂ radiant blue Force Pill.

AnyoneÂ with the knowledge would be ableÂ to tell that this was a refinedÂ demon almost instantly.

BackÂ then, Leonel's stomach hadÂ almost exploded just eating one,Â and yet now, he handed such aÂ thing to a 14 year old little girlÂ without much hesitation.

"Swallow it," Leonel suddenly said.

Grey blinked but nodded obediently in the end. Her eyes reflected an extremely dull blue that truly did look grey in most lighting. It was a rare color that made her look like an exotic little doll. Seeing her, Leonel couldn't help but think of another little girl, Nana. By now, Nana was probably a grown woman, if she didn't die in his massacre, that is. Leonel could neither confirm nor deny if she did. Back then, he was too infuriated to care and directly destroyed the planet the Adurna family had called home.

Even if Nana had died,though,Â Leonel didn't believe that heÂ would feel guilty. If she wasÂ present, that meant that she tooÂ had participated in the warÂ against Earth.

The little girl heÂ had known back then was gone,Â so one way or another, it didn'tÂ matter. Grey opened her small mouth andÂ swallowed the pill whole. BOOM! Almost instantly, a wild wave ofÂ Force shot out in all directions and a slight hint of pain colored Grey's adorable features.

Even so, just as Leonel had expected, she didn't implode, and instead, her aura began to skyrocket at a breakneck speed. This was exactly what the FlorerÂ family was missing. They had anÂ enormousÂ vessel, but they hadÂ nothing to fill it with. Grey wasÂ only in the Fifth Dimension,Â having barely entered it justÂ recently. She was only at Tier 1,Â but she could actually withstandÂ the vitality of a Sixth DimensionalÂ Demon.

This Force Pill was just from the remnant of a Human Class even so, it was on a completely different level. Even the members of the Cataclysm Generation weren't as talented as such Demons. What shocked Leonel the most,Â though, was that it took less thanÂ a minute for Grey to open herÂ eyes, her large irises blinking withÂ excitement. But due to her usuallyÂ reserved personality, she didn'tÂ dare to make too much noise so she just beamed from the inside.

Although she didn't know whatÂ Leonel had just fed her, she couldÂ feel that her strength was almostÂ ten times as powerful as beforeÂ despite the fact her DimensionalÂ Tier didn't increase at all!

Leonel gave Rosna and Jean oneÂ pill each as well, and they soonÂ experienced the same thing.

TheirÂ blood flowed like a raging tide andÂ their body began to undergoÂ many changes. If not for the factÂ Leonel had taught them how toÂ control their flow of Blood ForceÂ to their partners, their plants

would have skyrocketed instrength as well.

"Here," Leonel flipped over a palmÂ and handed Grey a little sapling. This tree couldn't have been moreÂ ordinary on the surface, but theÂ aura it gave off was refreshing andÂ vibrant. This was a tree from theÂ Eighth Dimensional world of theÂ infant now, but in maturity, itÂ could grow to several kilometersÂ tall with ease.

Grey's small hands carefully picked up the sapling, a happy little smile causing dimples in her cheeks.

Leonel smiled and rubbed herÂ head. "I believe in your path, butÂ your white-barked tree is tooÂ limited in its growth potential. This tree here was born in an Eighth Dimensional world. Although it is very ordinary in all aspects, just this foundation alonegives it the nigh infinite growth potential you need. You won't be limited by your first choice anymore. Although, so long as you master the technique I taught you, you can partner with other powerful plants to supplement your strength."Finndd the newğ’†st ğ’ovels on n/ğ’/velbin(.)com

Grey's large eyes suddenlyÂ glistened with tears. "Really?" This was the first time she hadÂ spoken without Leonel asking herÂ a question first, which surprisedÂ Leonel somewhat,'She knew', Leonel's DreamscapeÂ sparked. He understood right then thatÂ Grey knew that she had alreadyÂ reached the limit of her potential,Â she was just too scared to tellÂ anyone.

This little girl was incredibly astute and her talent was far beyond what even Leonel had anticipated. Leonel's surprise became an evenÂ wider smile.

"Yes,really." Grey's tears began to fall but she quickly wiped them away, not wanting to affect the little sapling in her hands. Leonel couldn't help but think that she was too adorable. Let alone this ones apling, he had tens of thousandshe had no idea what to do with. After all,the Segmented Cube was still pretty much a blank slate in this regard.

"Thank you." Grey said with a softvoice. Leonel laughed and stood to hisÂ feet. "If you want to thank me,Â grow very strong and powerful.Â Take good care of your littleÂ sapling. In the future, you'll be ofÂ great help to me."

"Mm," Grey nodded surprisinglyÂ firmly. Leonel smiled and didn't sayÂ anything more. Whether or notÂ she would reach her full potentialÂ would be up to her.

"Alright, navigate this ship toward Radix territory. It's time to fullysettle things."