Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1805 Glowing

Leonel looked toward Libli who had been forced to bite through several layers of skin on her lips just to maintain her composure before Leonel's Emperor's Aura.

As a Matriarch, there was no other choice for Libli to make. If she made any other choice, it would be nothing short of selfish.

Like this, the Radix, Midas and Florer families were corralled into Leonel's palms and the inheritance was finally brought together as one.

Looking toward the flaming chalice and hovering wooden ball, Leonel felt an odd feeling in the depths of his heart.

His Dream Force affinity could feel a slight pull, as though what was happening now was precisely the intention of someone else. The closer that feeling came, the more fleeting it felt.

Leonel could tell that it wasn't meant to be felt. But that feeling of something huge looming over the horizon was becoming more and more suffocating.

It pressed down on his chest and threatened to erupt. He had to become stronger ,even stronger than he was now. Harmony was a great talent.

Granted, he still didn't use his full strength to defeat her, but she had been able to display such prowess and pressure him despite only being at Tier 5.

If she was so powerful, what about the other talents the Three Finger Cult was raising? Leonel took a breath and exhaled.

He looked to the side and found Libli holding the hand of a little boy who was maybe 12 or 13 years old. Shockingly enough, though, this boy was already in the Fifth Dimension.

He seemed to be even more talented than Grey. The little boy did look a little odd, though.

He had sharp teeth like his father and radiant bronze irises like his mother, but the whites of his eyes were a dark red that made him look particularly demonic.

In addition, while Leonel could tell that he was 12 or 13 by the feeling his soul gave off, the little boy was already two or three inches taller than his mother.

Leonel was fairly tall, standing at 6'9, but the little boy still managed to not be entirely dwarfed in his presence.

But at the same time, he lacked the savage look in his eye that other Midas family members had. Instead, his gaze was quite shifty and calculating, like his mother.

This little boy was Magoron, Libli and Dynmo's son and the first child born to their two families that could use both "quarters" of their inheritance.

This was the very same child the Florer family had spoken of in their meetings. Magoron looked toward Leonel with curious, unblinking eyes. He was clearly far more outgoing and confident than Grey, but this was to be expected.

Grey was treated as an outcast for much of her life, but Magoron had been the pearl in his family's eye ever since he was born. One was raised to be ostracized, while the other was raised to be a King. The difference was clear.

To another side, Grey and the others stood. Grey's parents had pretty low standing, but due to their daughter's talent, they had been allowed to come as well.

"I want you all to feel free to try to sense the true meaning of the combination of these Lineage Factors, let its aura baptize you and see if you can gain the complete inheritance. I will heavily nurture anyone who can,”

“As much as I want every person to participate in this, it will likely be difficult given the limited range and the limited number of connections the inheritance can sustain at once. So I will personally pick out a thousand of you at a time and give you 24 hours. Then I will do the same for another set of a thousand. " Leonel chose based on his own comprehension of the inheritances.

After seeing Grey and Magoron, he believed he knew what sort of talent it took to benefit from these inheritances. And, unsurprisingly, Grey and Magoron would be among the first branch.

It took only an instant for Leonel to complete his analysis and list out a systematic method that would keep them busy for months.

Scanning thousands of people at a time and assigning probabilities to their success was all too easy to him, especially since most were at the Fifth Dimension or lower.

Leonel planned to leave these three families to their own devices for a couple weeks before checking back to make sure they hadn't slaughtered one another.

As for claiming the Lineage Factor himself, he would of course do so. But first, he was having Anastasia analyze it using a special function of the Lab Setting.

The time investment needed wasn't small. Leonel had only touched the tip of the iceberg in the wooden ball inheritance.

Because he only took a step in and immediately left, he had only been granted the absolute lowest level possible, much like most of the Florer family members. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

If he wanted something deeper, he would have to invest more time. But there was simply too much to worry about and he also had his Tribulation looming over his head.

He hadn't forgotten that it was coming up very soon. According to Anastasia, it would take about 90 days to complete the analysis.

By then, he would have the information he needed, and he would also be able to find the quickest method of assimilating with the Lineage Factor as well.

In the meantime, he would continue to clean up the Ascension Empire's territory. By now, the noose should be tightening around the necks of his enemies.

However, what Leonel didn't expect was that after not even an hour, wild fluctuating auras would begin to emit from Grey and Magoron. The two had been granted the closest seats to the inheritance and they benefited almost instantly.

Leonel, who had been about to leave after assigning his tasks, came to a grinding halt. He looked toward the backs of these two young geniuses with a glowing light in his eyes.