Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

1812 You, you, and you.

Leonel entered the tension filled room once again, his brothers and the girls still glaring at one another. They looked over toward him almost instantly, just like before, but this time they seemed to be able to tell that his mood was the best.

BANG! Suddenly, Leonel's palms slammed against the table.

Something odd happened in that moment. It was as though Leonel had so perfectly controlled his strength that the table was just on the verge of being shattered to pieces, but not quite there. The result was a wild and eerie vibration that echoed across the room.

"Alright, that's enough pouting," Leonel said, his voice cold.

Yuri's eyes narrowed when she looked toward Leonel, but what she didn't expect was for Leonel to suddenly look back toward her with an equally as cold look in his eye.

"Your sister is my wife now. You're going to have to get over it. If you can't, I won't let you see our children. Not even one of any one of the 27 of them, that I can promise." Aina, who had wanted to say something, was suddenly stunned speechless before she blushed profusely. She couldn't even do her normal routine of asking Leonel who his wife was. She was truly silent for maybe the first time ever. Even Yuri didn't quite know how to react to this.

"You..." Yuri tried to speak, not quite sure if she should be enraged or not, she had no idea how to even respond to such a thing.

"Shut up, I'm talking right now,’ Leonel's gaze flashed with an oppressive violet light and Yuri suddenly felt it down to the depths of her soul.

Yuri was a Spiritual, this much was obvious. As such, even if she had an opportunity to use a soul protection treasure, she wouldn't feel the need to. Her own personal inheritances and her own skill was more than enough. But it was also precisely due to this that she felt the full brunt of Leonel's oppression, taking her somewhat off guard before she quickly defended herself. But by then, Leonel was already speaking again.

"Allan!" "Hm?" Allan, who had still been engrossed in his panel, even after Leonel started making so much noise, finally looked up. His gaze was calm as he looked toward Leonel.

Leonel nudged his head toward Aulina. "Stop being clueless, she likes you." Allan blinked once and looked toward Aulina who had suddenly blushed down to her chest.

"And you," Leonel looked toward Aulina. "Allan is my brother, I know him well. He doesn't view relationships the way normal people do, and he's not very interested in sexual interactions, although he might be willing to do it if that's what you want. If you want to be his partner, you will have to stimulate him in other ways.

"It's not exactly impossible, most women who've liked him have given up. It'll depend on you whether you care enough to follow through. You should probably make that decision as soon as possible." By the time Leonel had finished his words, Allan had already gone back to his tablet and Aulina didn't quite know how to react. She put her head down and blushed harder. Wasn't Leonel a bit too crude? She hadn't even said anything to the girls yet. Unfortunately, or maybe fortunately depending on how you looked at things, Leonel wasn't done yet.

"And you," Leonel looked toward Joyce.

"Don't start lecturing me, or else I'll show you what my fist can do," Joyce almost growled out. Even though she said this, her face was already red. She just didn't want to be exposed by Leonel like Aulina had. Unfortunately for her, Leonel didn't seem to give a damn right now.

"Didn't I say shut up already? I'm talking" Joyce suddenly found her next words caught in her throat. It couldn't be said that she knew Leonel exceptionally well, but since when had he been this aggressive? In fact, she had always felt that Leonel was quite passive about a lot of things. He let life come to him, only then did he react... he was very rarely proactive, and he often didn't need to be.

But now, he felt... different.

"This guy,’ Leonel pointed toward Franco, "is a bit of a dick.’ Franco's mouth opened, but nothing came out. In the corner, Gil slapped his thigh, half dying with Milan. The two seemingly found all of this fucking hilarious, it was too good.Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Joyce's eyes widened with surprise. She didn't expect Leonel to be on her side.

"He can't keep it in his pants, he chases women for sport, he doesn't know what it means to settle down even though he's already nearing his 40's. As far as I see it, he's practically a defective product." Franco's mouth hung lower. Leonel had never grilled any one of them like this. But why was it that he wasn't mad and even had a smile on his face he couldn't seem to wipe away? "You see that smile on his face?" Leonel asked Joyce. "He's a masochist, through and through. The meaner you are to him, the more he likes it. If you want him, you can have him. So long as you're willing to keep your foot on his neck for the rest of his life. He needs a very, very, very short leash." Joyce covered her mouth, almost forgetting the semi-seriousness of the matter. Why did she find this so amusing? To the side, Gil was practically coughing up a lung. It was hard to tell if he was laughing or if he was going into cardiac arrest.

"And finally you two," Leonel settled on Yuri and Raj.

Yuri was the only one who didn't seem to find any of this amusing at all, but when Leonel spoke, her eyes couldn't help but widen.

"You're sitting here, glaring at one another, when you have no idea that he died almost a decade ago. You were so mad that you didn't even check on him during that time and are only just now finding out."