Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

1815 Coincidence?

Harmony vanished and appeared within the depths of the asteroid belt almost instantly. She crossed the seemingly impossible distance with absolute ease.

In a flash, her scythe appeared in her hands and she let out a shriek as she slashed downward. She rampaged about with an unearthed fury. Every time she slashed, rocks would shatter and warships would collapse one after another. It didn't seem as though anvthing could withstand even a single one of her attacks.

A light cough echoed to Leonel's back.

"Where'd you find this one, cap?" Gil mumbled.

"She's my type, why don't you introduce me?" Milan suddenly spoke, wiping his drool away with a forearm.

"Look at her, she could snap you like a twig. Get yourself together, you're embarrassing," Gil replied quite fiercely, despite the fact it was clear he couldn't take his eyes off of the sway of Harmony's hips.

They couldn't ogle Aina out of respect for Leonel and because they cared dearly for their lives, but the moment they saw a woman comparable to her, their eyes didn't seem to want to function properly, even threatening to pop out of their eye sockets.

"She can snap me like a twig all she wants," Milan replied.

Joel, Drake and Arnold looked toward one another and shook their heads. These brothers of theirs were truly too embarrassing. They saw one beauty and already didn't know how to act. They even looked like they would throw down their gauntlets and fight to death so long as Harmony asked them to do so.

"Sure, I can introduce you," Leonel laughed. "She's from the Three Finger Cult, though." Gil and Milan were suddenly rendered speechless. Since when had they had someone like that on their side? Wait, didn't that also make her an enemy? Leonel was just trying to set them up! She'd sooner stab them to death than date them! The two felt cold shivers run up their spines.

"Enough!" At that moment, a roar came from the asteroid belt. It was all too obvious that their attempt at a covert operation had been entirely thwarted, and even dense networks of traitors they had been building up for the last several years were all wiped out all at once.

It could be said that of their canon fodder, over 90% would never see the light of the next day. Their operation had become a complete failure and they still had no idea just how things had ended up in this way.

Even so, all hope was not lost. Even though their covert operation had failed, those that had died were just their vanguard, weak families they had planned to throw forward to distract the Empire from the true and most lethal threat. Ultimately, they had expected most of those families, if not all, to die regardless. It was just a shame that they couldn't do any damage before then.

However, if this was used correctly, Earth and the Ascension Empire would only suffer a greater loss. They had just wiped out countless families without word or warning, this sort of unilateral movement and decision was exactly the kind of thing that would put Earth in a more precarious situation.

Right then, the person who had just spoken shot up from the center of the hidden formation of warships. He wore silver and radiant blue armor, his hair just as blue as the sparks of lightning that danced across his armor as well. With his spear in hand, he truly did seem to be a deity incarnate, a feeling only made all the more dominating by his Seventh Dimensional aura.

Leonel didn't need to think much to know who this was. This was none other than the man in control of the Thrusting Skies Sector, Patriarch Aleck, head of the Skies family and one of the greatest threats Earth currently faced.

He seemed to want to end this battle swiftly as possible as almost the moment he spoke out, roaring to cover the region in his aura. Then, she struck out with lightning swiftness, the tip of his blade appearing before Harmony in a single breath.

Harmony felt oppressed by the aura of a Seventh Dimensional existence for only a moment before she blinked and vanished, appearing on the bow of the flagship in an instant. She was already well outside the range of the attack before it could even build up momentum, let alone land on her.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

The attack rebounded against the barrier of the flagship and caused a slight ripple. Leonel could only shake his head toward this sight. Before his interaction with that Eighth Dimensional expert from Shield Cross Stars, such an attack wouldn't have even caused the barrier to waver. Unfortunately, he hadn't found a work around for the nerf yet, he would have to strengthen his mind further before he could use his Internal Sight to check on the fusion core and modify it.

Even so, the strength it had access to now was enough for him to do what he needed to do.

"Your attack is quite ferocious Patriarch Skies, but don't you think you're wasting time here?" Leonel asked lightly, his expression still quite a bit casual.

Aleck Skies, who wanted to make a follow up attack after seeing that the flagship wasn't invulnerable, suddenly paused. His gaze narrowed as he locked onto Leonel.

"What are you talking about?"

"Isn't it obvious? How do you think we knew about your location? What about the location of the canon fodder you had so painstakingly prepared?" Aleck's pupils constricted. "What are you trying to say?" "I don't know, don't you think that it's just a bit convenient? Of all the important points to gather upon, it was the Rain Galaxy that was chosen. And beyond that, the support you have coming from the outside is the Chaotic Water Sector, right? A nice coincidence, don't you think?"

Aleck was intelligent enough to understand what Leonel met almost instantly. The Chaotic Water Sector and the Rain Galaxy both specialized in Water Force. Could this have been planned by the Chaotic Water Sector long ago?