Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

1816 Thrummed

Aleck suddenly sneered. Did this Leonel take him for a fool? Just how common were the core elemental affinities. Water, fire, earth and wind, you could find them everywhere. He could name a dozen other galaxies just like the Rain Galaxy off of the top of his head. This didn't mean that they all had connections with the Chaotic Water Sector, right? And also, even if he was willing to accept this, what good would betraying their own operation do for the Chaotic Water Sector? If Earth wasn't weakened because it was prepared for the outcome of this sneak attack, then the Chaotic Water Sector would not only lose its strongest allies, when the time came, they would have to face Earth alone.

To make matters worse, the original reason why the Chaotic Water Sector wanted to get out in front of this was because they knew that when Earth finished expanding, its competition would only become fiercer. Those large families were still waiting in the wings under the guise of decorum and the "greater good", but they all understood how the world worked. The moment the benefits became too great to ignore, the so-called greater good and its ideals would fly out the window.

Unless they could all get their footholds now, they didn't stand a chance in fighting against those families in the future. This was their chance. Here and now.

So why would the Chaotic Water Sector Ruin that? How ridiculous.

"Oh, you're doubting me?" Leonel chuckled. "How did I pinpoint your location, then?" "That's enough,” Aleck said coldly.

Aleck wasn't 100% certain, but he had heard rumors of the Ascension Empire's Emperor being capable of using his Lineage Factor to view every aspect of his territory. Although they had believed that this was nonsense, which was why they had moved forward with their plans anyway, this seemed to be the only explanation for what was happening here.

In that case, then covert operations would always be their downfall. The only method forward was to suffocate Earth with raw strength. First he would retreat from here, regroup, and then launch an all out assault when their strength was all in order. The best plan was one the enemy could see coming, and yet couldn't stop anyway.

Even if he was wrong, Aleck had no intention of making such a decision here.

Leonel shook his head and laughed again. Those that could become the heads of such powerful organizations weren't fools. Even if Aleck didn't know the truth, that didn't mean that he would so easily accept Leonel's characterization of events, he would instead choose to investigate on his own.

Just like the best schemes were the ones others could see coming and yet couldn't stop, the best lies were the ones an enemy convinced themselves of first.

"It's fine if you don't want to listen to me. But ultimately, you should think about it. You're looking at things through a narrow lens. Some people are looking beyond just the Human Domain." The moment Leonel said these words, Aleck's heart skipped a beat. The weight of the words that Leonel had just spoken were so frighteningly heavy that he didn't even want to think about them. He immediately turned and wanted to retreat.

"Wait a minute now, I still can't let you leave. If I did, wouldn't people think they can just choose to attack my Ascension Empire whenever they wanted?"

Aleck sneered. Obviously, he believed that everything Leonel had said before this was bullshit now. If Leonel was really so certain that he would find some dirt on the Patriarch of the Chaotic Water Sector, then it would be in his best interest that Aleck be released with as much strength as possible. That way, when the two Sectors clashed, they would be able to harm one another sufficiently.

But when Aleck looked into Leonel's eyes, all he saw was the indifferent smile of someone with

everything in the palm of his hands.

Leonel's thoughts were on a level even Seventh Dimensional existences couldn't fathom. If Aleck thought he could see through him so easily, there would be nothing but disappointment waiting for him at the end of it all.

"We'll wipe out half of their fleet, then let them go," Leonel said lightly.

Aleck suddenly raised his head to the skies, laughing uproariously.

However, right then, a voice appeared to Leonel's side.

"Yes, Emperor!" The booming cadence of the voice caused the void to tremble. At that moment, a familiar big bellied man appeared. He was none other than the overseer of the asteroid convenience station. Since his death, he had been stored within Leonel's snowglobe, and now he would have a final battle before his soul dispersed.

Leonel pushed off the bow of the flagship, a surfboard appearing beneath his feet as he shuttled through the air with untold speed.

"Attack," he said coldly.

The big bellied man, weight valiant violet armor, soared after Leonel quickly before appearing high above his head and slapping his belly twice. His chest expanded and his diaphragm seemed to explode in size.

Then he unleashed a mighty roar.

The sound wave crushed everything in its path.

Aleck's eyes widened and he quickly raised his spear to counter.

At that moment, though, Leonel, who had been riding his sleek black surfboard across the starry skies had already come to a halt, a dark gold panda construct appearing around him, its six arms each forming a different sign.

Leonel's kidneys thrummed with life, his Scarlet Star Nodes surging as a violent surge of crimson gold Force manifested in the surroundings.

Watching the snaking Fire Force take the form of dozens of coiling flood dragons, sparkling brighter than even the stars that were their backdrop, Harmony's pupils constricted.

She had already written off Leonel's victory against her as being due to the pressure she had experienced being in Earth's territory, while it was Leonel's home turf to begin with. But seeing this, she couldn't help but wonder exactly how much Leonel had also held back in their fight...

ROAR!Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

The dozens of flood dragons surged forward. All they knew was destruction, laying to waste everything in their vicinity as Patriarch Aleck was held down by his spirit construct.