1817  The Best Scheme

Leonel sat in silent meditation, his legs crossed and his palms resting on his thighs. In his mind, the battlefield was reflected with absolute perfection. He controlled dozens of fire flood dragons and his spirit construct all at once, and yet his face seemed to be absolutely relaxed.

The warriors hidden within the flagship reacted all at once, surging forward like a tidal wave.

"Boy!" Aleck's voice boomed as he shot toward Leonel, but every attempt he made, he found himself entirely obstructed. The worst part of it all was that every time he tried to attack the big bellied spirit construct with his spear, his Spear Force would vanish entirely.

He remembered being warned that his Spear Force would be useless against Leonel, but he had never taken this seriously. Why would he? He could kill the likes of Leonel with a single finger, why would he need to use his Spear Force in the first place?

However, he had never considered the fact that Leonel would have the ability to extend his ability like this.

Toward this, Leonel sneered inwardly. In the past, Spear Force had to touch him to disperse. But now, he had his Absolute Spear Domain. Within his Domain, anyone who wanted to use Spear Force was living out a dream.

Aleck began to panic.

If it wasn't for the current setting, the situation wouldn't have been so bad. However, because the plan was for them to hide within the asteroid belt, their maneuverability was almost non-existent at this moment. Not only was their usual formation impossible to use, but just escaping was nigh impossible.

Leonel obviously knew this which was why he had only come with the flagship. He never planned to attack with it at all. Instead, he sent forward individual warriors who could maneuver around the asteroids with far greater ease than the large warships could.

The strategic advantage was suffocating. It felt like he was being outplayed in all facets. What infuriated him the most was that Leonel didn't even open his eyes to look at him anymore, he simply continued his slaughter.

'No, he's not just controlling those flame constructs, he's also moving the asteroids to give his people even more of an advantage.'

It was hard to notice at first because Leonel wasn't causing large reactions, and the asteroids were moving around to begin with, but when Aleck began to calm down and analyze the situation so that he could find the best method of escape to minimize the losses, he realized what was happening.

Aleck's expression couldn't help but become incomparably ugly. Was this the power of a Sixth Dimensional existence could have? Some of those asteroids were several kilometers across and their distance apart was incredibly vast. Although Leonel was only giving them small nudges here and there, this was a feat that even most Seventh Dimensional Earth Force experts couldn't replicate!

Monster.

Aleck's blood went absolutely ice cold. He only realized now what kind of existence he was facing off against. If Leonel made it to the Seventh Dimension, would it even be possible for those beneath the Eighth Dimension to even threaten him?

Aleck's mind couldn't help but flash to another urban legend. Velasco Morales. Could it be that the Morales family was about to produce another undefeatable existence in just as many generations?

ROAR!

The dozens of snaking Scarlet Star Force flood dragons roared out all at once, their eyes opening to reveal reflective violet irises and their bodies becoming even more corporeal and solid.

Their long necks raised into the skies, their bodies expanding as they took deep breaths.

At that moment, they looked like the true beasts of legend, plucked right out of their mythos and drawn across the starry skies with a menacing aura.

Their breaths came to a stop all at once and Leonel's eyes suddenly flashed open with a cold light.

"No!" Aleck called out.

It was too late.

Balls of fire dozens of meters across formed one after another and each flood dragon breathed out, unleashing carnage everywhere their breath of crimson and gold passed. The sheer destructive ability of Fifth Dimensional Scarlet Star Force scorched the skies, burned the eyes and trembled the heart. Warships that had been through dozens of wars, hundreds of battles, and thousands of injuries were turned to molten metal in a mere instant.

The palms of Leonel's dark gold panda construct opened up and the flood dragon constructs vanished. But even more quickly than that, the motes of flames that remained in the skies quickly formed into majestic Mage Arts, magic circles so complex one's head spun just looking at them were created one after another. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Within his Ethereal Glabella, Leonel's Mana Core rustles, its countless leaves dancing with a delicate light. Compared to the commotion happening outside, it was incomparably calm, its runes lighting up one after another.

Back outside, the starry skies trembled as the aura of destruction continued to increase. Space whined and twisted, Force collapsed before it could form, weaker constructs began to collapse from the outside in before the spell even descended.

Countless spears appeared in the air, each marked with a crown of royalty around their polearms.

Leonel slowly pressed his palms together before opening them up and pressing outward.

His irises danced with a malevolent light and the spears in the skies stopped trembling all at once, an eerie silence fell over.

Meeting Aleck's gaze, Leonel smiled lightly.

"Destroy," he said lightly.

The spears descended. Like an Imperial Edict, they wiped out everything in their path, shattering them, grinding them, burning them, sundering them ashes. Flashes of light brighter than even the starry skies boomed across the battlefield.

Before the destruction was even concluded, Leonel slowly stood to his feet, allowing his panda construct to vanish.

"Retreat," he said evenly.

Leonel turned back, ready to return to the flagship, but his steps suddenly paused.

"Oh, right," Leonel smiled as he looked back toward Aleck who was entirely pale faced. He could only watch as his people were destroyed one after another. "You might want to think of an adequate explanation for why you were the only Seventh Dimensional existence here," Leonel said with a laugh. "Good luck, I hope they believe you."

Aleck's eyes opened wide.

He was the only Seventh Dimensional existence here because it was the smart choice. Between the Chaotic Water Sector, the Viola family, and his Thrust Skies Sector, he was in the most vulnerable position.

The Viola family already shared a Sector with Earth and their foothold was strong. In fact, in Aleck's opinion, he felt that they were quite greedy to participate in this to begin with.

The Chaotic Water Sect was outside of Earth's territory so the pressure on them was nigh non-existence, they were only here to prepare for the future.

Only his family was caught in an awkward in between. They were both within Earth's territory, and yet not close enough to maximize all benefits. Their hands were practically forced.

Due to this, he chose to be cautious and left a lot of their fight power back in their Sector. But the trouble was that this wasn't the original agreement and he had acted on his own. He had thought the ask to bring more than just himself was asinine so he sneered at the request and did this instead.

He hadn't thought much of it before because he was certain this operation would succeed… until it suddenly didn't.

Never had Aleck expected that all this time, while it seemed that Leonel was trying to sow doubt in him toward his allies, it would actually end in Leonel making his allies doubt his Thrusting Skies Sector instead!

Aleck trembled and nearly suffered a fatal blow from the spirit construct.

The best scheme was one you knew was a scheme and yet could do nothing about it…

If Aleck wanted to stop himself from being targeted by the Viola and the Chaotic Water Sector, the only path forward was to give a good reason for his actions… a reason that Leonel had already given him. The only path ahead was to divert blame.

Suddenly, the connection between the Chaotic Water Sect and the Rain Galaxy looked more and more "obvious" to him.

Aleck watched Leonel's back get further and further away, clenching his fists so hard that his fingers dripped with blood.

Important Links