Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The raid on the Rain Galaxy occurred almost immediately after Rychard's orders were given out. Rychard himself had no need to move out, a single elite team of the Viola family was more than enough. In just a single day, the Rain Galaxy was already unable to mount a counter attack, being forced back into the own territory further and further.

The real shame of it was that they could have made this a real battle. But according to their deal with the Chaotic Water Sector, the Thrusting Skies Sector and the Viola family, the original intention was for them to pretend to be a third party caught in the conflict, they were meant to "battle" but purposely lose. While they would suffer a few casualties, it wouldn't be anything that they couldn't recover from.

But how could they guess that the Viola hadn't come here for a play, they had come here to conquer in earnest. By the time the Rain Galaxy realized that something was wrong with this picture and began to fight back in earnest, it was already too late.

Just because a family controlled a Galaxy, didn't mean that they had perfect control over all aspects of it. Normally, it meant that they had key bases in a majority of the quadrants at the very least, and could, as such, deploy troops anywhere within said region in a timely fashion.

The Rain family met this criteria, but the Viola family countered it perfectly, not only taking advantage of the Rain family's surprise, but also by swiftly taking control of key regions and moving on just as swiftly.

They killed a large majority of the powerful experts they came across, which was another reason the Rain family took so long to catch onto what was happening. In order to maintain secrecy and nto make the hearts of the laymen go cold from being sacrificed, only the most elite of warriors knew the truth of what was happening, but with them dying, no one was reporting back the oddity of the situation. Only reports from lesser warriors were coming in, which were obviously ignored.

Like this, the Rain family was beaten back to their main estate. The elders could only watch on with solemn expressions, regretting their decisions. If they had known that this would happen, how would they have ever agreed to trust the Viola? Even Earth hadn't made any attempts to conquer them yet, and now they practically fell to their knees in just a few days.

Standing on warships high in the skies, the elites of the Viola family stood. Lexus Viola, Destiny Viola and Eddy Viola, three great talents of the pinnacle of the Sixth Dimension, all of whom had names that rang quite frequently in Earth's territory. But now, they had their blades pointed toward the Rain family.

Just one of them was enough to strike fear in them, let alone all three.

"What is the meaning of this? I thought we had a deal. Is this how the Viola family treats its allies?!"

The current Matriarch of the Rain family, Darla Rain, a middle aged woman brimming with vitality, couldn't help but shout out, the weather replying to her fury with a thunderous rain. Unfortunately, the Viola family was entirely unmoved by this.

"Kill them all," Lexus said coldly.

The Rain family paled as the warships descended. The heat of their engines and power of their winds razed the Rain estate to the ground before they even touched down. By the time they actually did so, millions had died. The sheer size of these warships was too much for Planet Rain to handle, but there was nothing they could do to stop it.

The Rain family was eradicated with a great amount of grievances. In her final moment, Darla could only release a final plea for help. It wasn't the first time she had released this signal, but she had been ignored every time. Even in the end, as she breathed her last, a sword through her lung, that help never came.

…

Lexus cleaned off his sword with a close, his purple eyes piercing and cold.

"We caught those outgoing signals, correct?" Lexus asked.

"Yes, we did," Destiny replied, stretching out her curves with a lazy expression as though she couldn't be bothered to have participated in this battle. She didn't look like she had either, there wasn't a bead of sweat or blood in sight on her.

"What's the result?"

"It seemed to have been a scatter shot. From what the technicians said, it was a web signal designed to be spread and only be gathered by those that have the appropriate decoding methods."

"Is there a way to decode those methods? We need to finish this to the end. Leaving enemies behind is a huge taboo, and if they're connected with a large power, well…"

The so-called no enemy left behind philosophy of the Viola family had ironically come due to Rychard himself. He saw the kind of enemy that he had become due to Leonel's neglect, so he had grilled his family's juniors to never make the same mistakes. It was truly an irony of all ironies.𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"There shouldn't be a problem. The decoding process will take a few days."

"A few days?" Lexus turned serious. A few days was enough for information of what had happened here to leak and allow those who this message had been meant for to retreat. But more importantly than that, if it took their best days to decode these messages, then this was definitely a message delivery method far beyond the Rain family.

It seems that their Patriarch may have been correct about the Rain family's connection to larger powers. This was… interesting, and somewhat troubling at the same time.

This could be a large deal or a small deal depending, but they would have to properly investigate it first. Only that way could they be prepared to deal with the rest.

Their family had been wiped out once before, but their Patriarch had allowed them to make a comeback.

That humiliation was taught to every youth. They would never allow such a thing to happen again.