Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

1826 Executive

Graros fell to his knees, watching decades of hard work crumble before him. His face was entirely drained of blood and his heart was beating so fast he couldn't even feel it any longer.

It felt as though everything was coming to an end.

He wanted to roar out.

Who was it!? Who was it that did this?!

He felt like a scared man, roaring out into the darkness, wanting to know the face of the creature lurking in the shadows ready to pounce on him. He would rather see the ugly mug of a grotesque creature with a maw big enough to swallow his head whole than to be left in the sheer uncertainty of what might step out from the dark and into the light.

However, there was no one coming to him with an answer on a silver platter.

He didn't even try to fight back. Shield Cross Stars had actually sent one of those old monsters and he had lost all sense of propriety. He didn't seem to care about his status at all. He killed Fifth Dimensional experts just as easily as he killed Seventh Dimensional experts. The suppression of the Chaotic Water Sector seemed to be nothing more than a joke to him.

When that man approached, Graros finally couldn't control himself anymore and his human form crumbled. In his mind, he seemed to see the smirking image of a devilishly handsome young man. No matter how he tried, he couldn't erase that image from his head.

No... it couldn't be him... that young man he said was only good at petty tricks couldn't possibly be the reason he was in this state now... the reason he had fallen to the point of not even being able to maintain his disguise, something even a toddler of his race could do...

Cross Elder Avan descended from the skies with a BANG! When he saw "Graros", he was so pleasantly surprised the he roared into the skies with laughter.

He had had the faint feeling that someone was leading him by the nose as well, but when he saw "Graros", none of that seemed to matter anymore. Since there really was the Cloud Race in this place, he would take this as a win and nothing less.

The Cloud Race was an odd looking race indeed, at least by Human Domain standards.

Their faces looked almost like a two dimensional curved mask, the rest of the volume of their heads being made up by a foggy-like, grey energy reminiscent of clouds gathering on a soon to be rainy day.

Their eyes were filled by murky white irises that looked like they fit better on the elderly than someone who was as young as "Graros". As for the rest of their body, they looked quite

"human", just lankier and more grey than usual.

What made Cross Elder Avan especially happy were the faint runes dancing within the cloud that made up most of the back volume of "Graros's" head. Those runes, much like the runes of the Rapax, represented a higher noble class of the Cloud Race, they had definitely caught themselves a good one this time. This was too excellent.

"Haha! I want to see who dares look down on my Shield Cross Stars now!" Avan's voice boomed.

"Who..."

Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

"Graros'" managed to mumble out these words. He had never suffered such a loss in his life. Ever since his youth, he had been nigh untouchable, he had even come here with all the confidence in the world to force the Human Race to his knees. And yet, just when he was that close... it all came crumbling down.

"... Who did this to me? How did this happen?! WHO IS RESPONSIBLE?!" "Graros's" words ended in a fiendish roar.

Avan froze for a moment before he snorted.

"Did you not hear me say Shield Cross Stars, brat? Listen well, you were apprehended by the protectors of humanity."

"HAHAHAHAHAHHAHA!"

"Graros'" laughed so hard that his cloud began to rain, sprinkling water falling down.

"Shield Cross Stars?! You incompetent pieces of trash could never put me in such a state!"

Avan's expression became somewhat ugly before he chopped down with a hand against "Graros's" forehead and knocked him unconscious. He would be thoroughly interrogating this lad later, but for now, he didn't want to hear such nonsense.

"Apprehend the rest! Shield Cross Stars is invincible!"

Avan's voice roared and the other Officers surged forward. Even as he said this, though, a hint of doubt crept up in the depths of his eyes. Who was it, indeed...?

*%

Moans echoed through the room.

Leonel pressed Aina down beneath him, his strokes deep and slow as he savored her lips. While he quite enjoyed subduing this little vixen, he enjoyed these slower, more intimate moments as well. He could feel every inch of her body, hear every beat of her heart... complete an elegant dance between her tongue and his own...

This didn't last long, though, as Leonel suddenly felt a hand grab his ass. He froze and pulled back, looking down at the pair of moist golden eyes that had a hint of mischievousness in them.

Aina squeezed a couple times before pulling back and releasing a crisp slap.

"Why'd you stop, cowboy? This mistress is not satisfied yet! Giddy up!"

Leonel was speechless for a long while.

"Is this what sexual assault feels like...?" he mumbled after a long while.

Aina suddenly sputtered with laughter. What nonsense was this guy talking about while he was inside of her?

"You do it to me all the time, now you want to complain?" Aina asked innocently as though she had been wronged.

"It's not the same." Leonel replied with great assurance.

"How is it not the same?!" Aina asked.

"Double standards, that's why. If you want to complain, take it to the board of directors. I'll warn you, though. I'm in all the executive positions."

Aina blinked with a playful light in her eyes, grabbing Leonel's ass with both hands this time to thrust him deeper inside of her.

"I'd like to see what these "executives" can do then."

"You asked for it," Leonel's eyes flashed. Clearly, he hadn't taught this vixen enough of a lesson last time.

Aina squealed, but it was already too late for regret.

If "Graros" knew what the enemy of his lifetime was doing while his own life was being entirely ruined, it was hard to say how he'd react.