Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

1841 Restrictions Not long later, Leonel sat in the midst of the meditating youths of the Radix, Midas and Florer. He seemed to have entirely forgotten about the world around him. Although he was very much present, those who looked at him felt as though he wasn't there at all. Every few minutes, his aura would shift slightly and the mysterious well of Force that surrounded him only became deeper.

Leonel stood in the middle of a world of golden trees, flaming skies and dense rivers of bronze. He walked across the bronze rivers, crossing by the golden trees and feeling the heat of flaming skies above his head.

This was the now complete world, of which he had only seen a portion of before. Last time he was here, there was no ground and no sky, only the trees of gold. But now, the world was truly complete and every step he took felt like he was being baptized by an odd energy.

What was interesting though was that Leonel didn't feel that it was very difficult at all.

The Bronze River should have made his legs heavy, but other than a small slow down, he experienced no other hardships.

The golden trees continuously flooded his body with vitality, trying to test to see where his limits lay, but he continuously broke through them as though they didn't exist in the first place.

The flaming skies above were supposed to burn his skin, to scorch his will through, to raze him down to nothing more than a pile of ashes... but compared to the three other challenges, this one was by far the easiest. He had two Scarlet Star Force Innate Nodes within his body, how could normal flames hope to burn him?

As he walked forward, the bronze rivers rushed with more vigor, the golden trees shone with more vitality, and the normal flames in the skies became something even more sinister than that, but Leonel only continued to walk forward without the slightest pause.

In the outside world, Leonel's once gentle breath became like hurricane force winds. He didn't seem to be trying very hard, and yet all of the air in the surrounding hundreds of meters surged toward him uncontrollably.

Without a choice, the elders could only evacuate the children in the vicinity. They had yet to see such an exaggerated result from meditating on the inheritance, but they had seen somewhat similar results before.

Somewhere deep inside, they had hoped that Leonel's results wouldn't be as successful as theirs, in one part due to selfishness, and another part due to them wanting to maintain their usefulness to him. But after seeing this, they knew for a fact that Leonel was simply on a different level.

Even the two most talented among them, Grey and Magoron took weeks to reach this level, but Leonel had only been here for a few minutes.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Golden flames suddenly took life and danced across Leonel's skin before being absorbed by him and vanishing.

Leonel's hair began to grow out to exaggerated length. Soon it had pooled so much that his body could hardly be seen. It was quite a beautiful sight, just endless strands of filaments exuding a gentle pale purple light. It looked like the hair of a deity.

At the same time, Leonel's Bronze Aura appeared once again, becoming thicker and thicker until it bordered an almost dark mustard to dark gold color. It solidified to the point it looked almost as though Leonel had gotten a harsh spray tan that didn't compliment him well at all. But then it infused into his skin and seemed to vanish entirely.

Just when it vanished, Leonel took another step within the trial world and it appeared again in the outside world, this time rippling outward with wild abandon. This time, however, the Bronze Aura had gained a tinge of a violet light to it, making it look particularly royal and majestic. This violet hue only continued to grow.

Right then, in the depths of Leonel's blood, the faint outline of a sixth set of doors began to form.

Across the universe, in the depths of the Morales family hold land, three mountain sized incense sticks continued to burn with a gentle light as the elders meditate in silence, the commotion of the world seemingly having nothing at all to do with them. Until, all at once, their eyes opened with a sudden forcefulness.

BOOM!

The outline of a nine-layered door appeared in the skies of the Holy Land and the Morales family elders watched with trembling hearts. They had never seen such a phenomenon before, but inwardly they all knew what it was.

The Sixth Door.

The Fifth Door of the Morales family had always been a tightly held secret. No one but their most talented knew that their Lineage Factor had the potential to enter the Eighth Dimension. However, none of them had known that a Sixth Door was possible.

They had no idea where this door was coming from and the aura was far too wild and volatile to lock down its location. But all of them still thought of just a single man. They couldn't fathom it being anyone other than Velasco, that man who broke all laws of common sense on his whim.

Could it be that he had finally found a path to enter that legendary realm? Could it be that he had finally broken the shackles of the Eighth Dimension that had bound this universe? Had he finally beaten the Regular at its own game?

The elders all looked up with shimmering gazes, their hearts practically pounding out of their chest.

At this point, even the restrictions of this Holy Land couldn't block out this aura and it began to leak, enveloping the Human Domain and even crossing the barrier into other Domains.

Leonel continued to sit in silence. In the depths of his bloodline, the Fourth Door and all of its nine tiers were nearly blown off its hinges. A door he should have only been able to open when he entered the Seventh Dimension with his Metal Body couldn't withstand his blazing aura for even a few short moments, its shackles shattering to pieces.