Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

1843 Pretentious The Morales family was incredibly complex in structure. One didn't need to be a genius to understand this, just knowing that they had over a billion youths born into the Nova Generation was enough to necessitate this. Also, these were just the number of youths that had awakened at least one of their Lineage Factors and couldn't represent the total number of youths born into this Generation as a whole.

If there were so many born into just a single generation, then it was all too clear just what kind of scale the Morales family was one.

Things only became more complex in recent times due to the 20 year time dilation. Because of the circumstances, the next generation of youths, the Post-Nova Generation, had already been born. Usually, these youths would be gearing up for their own Heir Wars in just another decade or so, but they had ended up unlucky in this regard.

With the Nova Generation having yet to claim its Patriarch, the Post-Nova Generation might never get a chance to. It also didn't help that while the number of Heirs to the Nova Generation was much larger than previous years at seven, the Post-Nova Generation actually had even more, with nine awakening two Lineage Factors!

To the Morales family, this was actually a good problem to have. With so many talents, the elders spent their days smiling so wide that their wrinkles seemed to have entirely smoothed out. But to the rest of the world, this was just another item on the checklist of reasons the Morales family had to be suppressed.

Their momentum was too great and it only seemed to be growing more and more everyday.

Orinik was a lot of things, but a fool wasn't one of them. At the very least, he was correct that there was only so much idling the remainder of the Human Domain would continue to do, and Leonel would seem to be the catalyst for many of these things.

The current Patriarch of the Morales family was a man who went by Alejandro Morales. He was the father of First Nova, Adawarth, and a man known for his calm temperament and even keeled approach to things, a far cry from the usual madmen the Morales family placed in power.

It could be said that it was thanks to Alejandro that the Morales family hadn't been dissected by their enemies. His calm approach to diplomacy had eased a lot of the tension and bad blood that had been caused by the previous Heir War.

There was no doubt that he was a well respected man who didn't easily display his emotions on his face, but on this day he had a dark cloud hanging over his head, both figuratively and literally.

Those who thought of Alejandro as a calm, and even keeled man had never met him in his youth. He had been forced to train himself to control his temper because whenever he lost it, a black cloud would appear above him just like this one.

If those in his vicinity were lucky, he would be able to keep it to this relatively small and miniature size. If they were unlucky, or rather were stupid enough to keep provoking him, this dark cloud would spin entirely out of control and destroy everything in its path.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Alejandro had a very rare weather control Ability Index and he had elevated it to Tier 4 which allowed him to create his own atmosphere. This meant he no longer needed to rely on the atmosphere of a planet or a moon to display his Ability Index. At this level, if he lost control of his temper, an entire solar system could be embroiled in a storm, let alone a single planet.

Clearly, he had been so lowkey over these last few decades that everyone had forgotten. What other explanation could there be for them to provoke him like this again and again?

The Morales family had a lot of turnover at the Patriarch position, usually changing every 20 to 30 years at most. This was because their personalities were very suited to leadership to begin with, they were all much too hotblooded.

Alejandro had managed to rein in his temper because he thought he would only have to endure two decades of this bullshit, come to find out that his position would be extended by another two decades on top of that.

He was already reaching the end of his fuse, and then this nonsense kept coming on his desk again and again.

"FUCK!"

BOOM!

The cloud above his head released a resounding clap of thunder that sent a powerful sound wave in all directions. The window shattered, the walls cracked, the very foundation of the building quaked.

Adawarth, who was sitting across from his father, slowly lowered his palms from his ears. Clearly, he had been prepared ahead of time, although the result was still jarring.

"I don't want to read this shit anymore, read it to me," Alejandro threw over a large pile of leaders and leaned back in his chair with an annoyed expression, bringing out a cigar.

Adawarth shook his head, but eventually still opened up the next one and cleared his throat.

""... Greetings from the Lio family. We are concerned that with the coming Race War, the Morales family will be leaderless while moving into this new era. The position of Patriarch of the Morales family is one that changes the direction of the whole of the human race. It is best if this is no longer delayed as it would only be a detriment to the Human Domain.

"In proving that we of the Lio family are properly invested in this matter, we are willing to send juniors to participate as well. We are committed to"

BOOM!

Alejandro's desk shattered. His fuse was really short these days, he had no patience for any of it.

"Tell them to go fuck themselves. They must really think I'm a pushover. Fuck, let me see that letter, I want to see the hand writing. If I don't kick the ass of the bastard who wrote that pretentious pile of shit I'm going to explode!"

Adawarth could only speechlessly hand the letter over to his father.